  have you been at keleti railway station in budapest during summer 2015 ? 
  here are some [ photos ] ( http://dailynewshungary.com/the-budapest-keleti-railway-station-has-become-a-refugee-camp-photos/ ) from keleti , article is from july 30 , 2015 . 
  merkel invited everyone on august 25th , when the german ministry for migration and refugee tweeted that dublin procedures for syrians are not enforced . 
  then merkel invited everyone again on september 5th , when her office declared that asylum seekers coming from hungary wo n't be rejected . 
  then on september 13 , germany reintroduced border controls , to clarify that invitation . 
  maybe you remember the initial eu refugee resettlement plan , which should relief greece , hungary and italy . 
  because back then there were ten-thousands of asylum seekers in hungary . 
  once they continued to austria , hungary switched to `` migrants ? 
  not our problem . 
  we have a fence !, 
  the irony is that in the original plan hungary was one of the three source countries for asylum seeker resettlement . 
  the eu wanted to relieve greece , hungary and italy by resettling asylum seekers to other countries . 
  then merkel allowed the asylum seekers that were in hungary in , and hungary switched to `` migrants ? 
  not our problem . 
  we have a fence ! '', 
  so nothing about the eu plan of creating a permanent distribution system ? 
  the eu plan was about a concrete number . 
  not open-ended resettlement . 
  hungary could have resettled those 1294 and refused to cooperate in a open-ended scheme without problems . 
  i believe they no longer call it that way . 
  29,000 tons of bombs were dropped on it . 
  if this thing ca n't drive the car itself they should n't call it autopilot . 
  call it `` driver assistance '' like all other car manufacturers do . 
   `` auto '' is used as the meaning of car . 
  lol ? 
  autopilot already has a specific meaning . 
   the term is especially used in german language and everyone knows that it does not imply selfdriving vehicles . 
  because it implies self-flying vehicles ? 
  how about increasing minimum wage ? 
  but most people believe they need to drive that far . 
  range anxiety is real . 
  that sounds like a shitty deal for everyone . 
  unlimited residence permit in their current country of residence ? 
  no problem . 
  but fast-tracked and free citizenship ? 
  probably even without fulfilling all the requirements non-brits have to fulfill ? 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't see why brits should be treated better than other eu or non-eu citizens . 
  i just wanted to use another long word . 
   the us currently has a near 50 % chance of leaving nato itself the chance is more like 0.00000001 % trump wo n't leave nato . 
  because his military advisers will tell him about the consequences of that decision . 
  the moment the us declares that they 'll leave nato , more than half of the european countries will declare that they will leave the nuclear-non-proliferation treaty . 
  they can do that because a us retreat from nato qualifies as `` extraordinary events , related to the subject matter of this treaty , have jeopardized the supreme interests of its country '' . 
  even trump does n't want more nuclear powers in the world . 
  she tore down that fence in hungary . 
  and orban had to build a new one . 
   https://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/bilder/statista-115~_v-videowebl.jpg so roughly yes . 
  according to the [ k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/k\u00f6nigsteiner_schl\u00fcssel ) nrw is responsible for a share of 21.14 % of a fair distribution . 
  saxony is responsible for 5.06 % . 
  because there are way more people in western germany . 
  and because western germany has more tax income . 
  asylum seekers are distributed among the german states according to the [ k\u00f6nigssteiner schl\u00fcssel ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/k\u00f6nigsteiner_schl\u00fcssel ) . 
  it takes population and tax income into account to create a fair distribution system . 
  in 2016 saxony gets 5.06 % of all asylum seekers that enter germany . 
  at the end of 2014 , 4.99 % of the german population was living in saxony . 
  because you ca n't be loyal to two countries . 
  you prove your loyalty to your new home country by renouncing your old citizenship . 
  yes . 
  germany ignores the threat by islamic terrorists . 
  that 's why this thread does n't exist . 
   a very nice city what ? 
  even worse than the infamous kartoffelp\u00fc-reh, 
  then we 'll eat a lot of popcorn while watching the us reaction to that . 
  i would n't call that a deal , that 's just being treated like every other country in the world . 
  my point was that many people seem to believe that there 's some kind of default relationship that is at least not bad for the uk . 
  at least on this sub ( i do n't talk to other people about brexit at all ) , you often see people who think that the uk will win big if they just bring the best negotiators to the table . 
  because once germany and france are flabbergasted by the british negotiation skills they 'll drop out of the negotiations , and the others are easy to convince to give in to british demands . 
  or the uk uses the french cheese and german cars argument and then suddenly they get a great deal . 
  yesterday i read that `` if all 27 remaining eu countries agree that the uk should leave the single market , they will have to leave '' . 
  but since they wo n't all agree , it 's unlikely that this happens . 
  nope , it 's the other way around . 
  if all 27 eu countries agree , the uk can stay part of the single market . 
  many people do n't seem to realize that there 's no default relationship , besides wto rules . 
  there is no `` but the uk is still part of europe '' trade agreement that comes into force automatically . 
  if not all 28 current eu members come to an agreement there wo n't be any special relationship . 
  in that case the uk will be like any other country in the world . 
  it was not the german government that beat up these kids . 
  according to the_donald ? 
  there is no default deal . 
  cause enough tensions and france/germany will flip the table and there will be no deal at all . 
  they are showing a photo series from jimmy kets . 
  that 's one of the photos . 
  from looking at the photos , the mixed-in normality is kind of the point . 
  and do n't forget the americans !, 
  they probably lynched negros as young as 5 too !, 
   would you like him to make a fish sausage and claim he did his german bratwurst ? 
  i doubt that many would care . 
  not coal powered ? 
  miners union wo n't be pleased . 
  so you want to know the alphabetisierungsrate ? 
  and dame ( = lady ) =  d\u00e4mlich ( = dumb ) . 
  steal british cars . 
   i guess the finding in the uks favour is the basis for the german legislation . 
  not really . 
  germany went to the eu courts multiple times itself . 
  early this year the court ruled in favor of germany because germany wanted to not pay welfare to a spaniard who requested welfare after re-uniting with his family in germany . 
  his wife has worked in germany for some time , and the husband and his son then came and requested welfare . 
  the court has said , no welfare necessary in the first 90 days . 
  last year the court ruled in favor of germany because germany did n't want to pay for a large romanian family where the father worked for something like 6 months and then quit his job and brought his large family over . 
  the court has said , no welfare if you only work to become eligible for welfare .
