   flexi foods very appropriate name, 
   value-signaling your buzzword generator is broken . 
  the buzzword you are looking for is ` virtue signalling ', 
   power plant turbines are built to the spec of the end user . 
  you do n't just shift turbines from one plant to another without significant technological hurdles that will require technical assistance from manufacturer . 
  and if the end user wants to save time and money they reuse the same generator design in multiple power plants . 
  or they just uses one of siemens standard turbines , like the sst-6000 series . 
   politicians from both of germany 's biggest parties , the conservatives and the social democrats , have called for the creation of a european-wide list of violent left-wing extremists . 
    but europol says that the mechanism for compiling such a list already exists . 
  the law enforcement agency 's dolphin project allows for the exchange of information about all serious political crimes , both right - and left-wing in nature , that affect eu member states . 
  great to see that not even high-ranked politicians have an idea what the eu does . 
  why do n't you post the video ? 
  and by science you mean that part of the science community that agrees with you . 
  there are a lot of scientists that believe that the concept of race is untenable . 
  but keep measuring head sizes and assigning traits based on your measurements if you believe it 's scientific . 
  we 're that tolerant . 
  the details do n't matter . 
  asylum seekers arriving in germany still believe that there 's a job waiting for them . 
  then people complain that we give these countries too much leverage and they 'll be able to blackmail us . 
  like they did with the turkey deal . 
  besides that , countries do n't have an interest to become the asylum seeker dump of the eu . 
  especially not for token money . 
  in that regard we could just kill them in death camps . 
  just need to change some laws . 
   abstained the criminal nato affairs in lybia , opposed the intervention in iraq - aiming at bringing good democracy and gay rights to both these places . 
  top kek, 
  and if you do n't have handcuffs you have to knock them unconscious . 
   it 's an invasion , a slow one without any weapons without weapons ? 
  so not an invasion at all ? 
  they know that every single eu country has family reunification laws that can be used to bring over their family for much less than a smuggler would cost . 
  hamburg has some strange anarchists . 
  what of these things were the people on the ground doing ? 
  both sides will justify their escalating violence in the same fucking way . 
  be careful , on strawpoll you ca n't change sides . 
   these criminals are worse than neo-nazis . 
  how many people died during the g20 riots ? 
  because after nsu that 's the metric you have to use if you insist on comparing the severity of crimes by the different spectrums . 
  that 's correct . 
  nazis primarily commit targeted attacks . 
  which is so much better , because if you are n't a foreigner and are n't associated with the left-wing you have very little too fear . 
  because legally you neither own nor control a company if you hold 45.7 % of its shares ? 
  you are such a tough guy . 
  thank you for your insight mister armchair riot police officer, 
  our ? 
  i would bet quite a lot of money that the majority of these rioters are n't from hamburg . 
  g7/g8/g20 summits in europe always attract rioters from all over europe . 
  here 's the preferred tool of tolerance of the german police in hamburg : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/wasserwerfer_10000#/media/file:wawe-10000-dusche.jpg it 's used to cool down the rioters in the heat , so they can riot more efficient . 
  so tolerant . 
  i would bet quite a lot of money that the majority of these rioters are n't from hamburg . 
  i 'm complaining about people who complain that the leftists in hamburg do n't personally man the borders . 
  and how about your far right friends ? 
   still we see newspapers try to spin the story , using ` inocent white girls ' as example how brutal the police can be for arresting them : a sit-in and rioting are very different things though . 
  the tax payer via welfare payments . 
  not soros . 
  for some reason hungary managed to secure its border regardless of these obstacles . 
  but only after they let in 400,000 people into the schengen area during the first 9 months of 2015 . 
  which then caused merkel to invite everyone . 
  like it has been at every g7/g8/g20 summit in europe . 
  germans travelled to g8 in genoa , italians travel to g20 in hamburg . 
  such is riot tourism . 
   hopefully their kameraden a great example to show that you should n't use random german words if you do n't understand their native use . 
  the irony is that kameraden is used primarily among the extreme right , someone from the left would never call his mate a kamerad . 
  the left-wing equivalent of the word ` comrade ' is actually genosse . 
  but an anarchist would never call his mate a genosse either . 
  what are you on about ? 
  only countries that are responsible for the flight of refugees should feel responsible ? 
  so switzerland was in the right to reject the german jews at their border because switzerland was n't responsible for the holocaust ? 
  do you think they stand in front of a car and in their head they list pro and contra regards burning the car and when they have more things on the pro-side they burn the car ? 
  they just burn it . 
  because when in a riot you burn cars . 
  it might surprise you but nobody believes that they riot `` for the greater good of society '' . 
  they do it for fun . 
  that 's precisely the mandate they were given by the eu members . 
  the eu members wanted a coordination and statistics agency and that 's what they got . 
  complaining that the individual eu members did n't give them the mandate to secure the eu borders . 
  why are n't you manning the borders instead of complaining on reddit ? 
  would make a lot more sense since you seem very concerned about the borders of europe . 
  it might surprise you , but the anarchists in these riots do n't have a problem with open borders . 
  does that shock you ? 
  according to laws and conventions currently in place every single person has the right to apply for asylum . 
  the problem is n't that people can ask for asylum , the problem is that we ca n't send the ones with rejected requests home . 
  if we could , number of asylum seekers that abuse the system would go down naturally . 
  it 's just the interpretation from op that sounds stupid . 
  you can use any force that is necessary to prevent an ongoing attack against individual rights . 
  if you kill someone , so be it . 
  but there ca n't be a large disproportion between the protected right and the right that you violate by using self-defence . 
  no matter if you actually kill the attacker or not . 
  if there is a large disproportion between the rights you ca n't claim self-defence . 
  that would certainly be the case if you protect your car with a sniper rifle from your apartment window . 
  because they disagree with your statement about globalization . 
   but you say one bad word about left-wing policies and you 've got every police organization on your tail . 
  but you just did . 
  are you under arrest already ? 
  the eu wo n't start the trade war . 
   the long hours are not forced by anyone . 
  it 's a culture thing . 
  which means that they will lose their job if they do n't adhere to that culture . 
   if you need helicopters , planes , policemen , soldiers or even money to secure yourself - call us . 
  what 's the phone number ? 
   hell , there are people that posts these things on this very sub .
