  that 's covered by nato already . 
  greece brought asylum seekers back to turkey . 
  because turkey only applied the un refugee convention to refugees from europe , these asylum seekers were brought back to iraq and afghanistan by greece . 
  the actions of greece are considered a violation of the refoulement prohibition of the un refugee convention . 
  greece also had surprisingly low acceptance rates . 
  in 2008 just 0.06 % of the asylum applications ended in protection of the applicant . 
  furthermore , in 2008 not a single asylum application from iraq or afghanistan received asylum in the first instance decision in greece . 
  average acceptance rates were 70 % respectively 50 % in other eu countries . 
  greece was also accused of endangering the lives of asylum seekers because they tried to prevent arrivals by puncturing the rubber boats and removing of boat engines and oars from these boats . 
  detention facilities were also sub-standard . 
  asylum seekers described police violence while in detention . 
  access to legal counseling and interpreters was generally not available . 
  greece did n't protect unaccompanied minors sufficiently . 
  children were detained in the same cells as adults , contrary to international standards . 
  age assessments were arbitrary . 
  here are some reports that offer more insight : - [ unhcr - written submission by the office of the united nations high commissioner for refugees in the case of sharifi and others v italy and greece ( application no . 
  16643/09 ) ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/4deccee39.pdf ) - [ report by thomas hammarberg , commissioner for human rights of the council of europe , following his visit to greece on 8-10 december 2008 ] ( https://wcd.coe.int/viewdoc.jsp?p=&amp;id=1409353&amp;direct=true ) - [ human rights watch : iraqis and other asylum seekers and migrants at the greece/turkey entrance to the european union ] ( https://www.hrw.org/sites/default/files/reports/greeceturkey1108web_0.pdf ) - [ human rights watch : systematic failure to protect unaccompanied migrant children in greece ] ( https://www.hrw.org/sites/default/files/reports/greece1208webwcover_0.pdf ) - [ human rights watch : greece : escalating risks for migrants , unaccompanied children ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2009/10/12/greece-escalating-risks-migrants-unaccompanied-children ) - [ report to the government of greece on the visit to greece carried out by the european committee for the prevention of torture and inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment ( cpt ) ] ( http://www.cpt.coe.int/documents/grc/2012-01-inf-eng.pdf ) -- remember folks , the downvote button does not mean `` i disagree '' . 
  it means `` this posting does n't contribute to the discussion '' . 
   i think eventually uk will have to reach some deal with eu without being to specific . 
  making deals with each european country individually will create a myriad of legal complexities . 
  individual eu member states ca n't sign trade agreements . 
  only the eu can do that . 
  how many of them have refueled from a il-78 in russian color scheme ? 
  the denmark of my example does n't lend and borrow money outside of denmark , and they do n't do foreign investment and they do n't receive foreign investment either . 
  everything . 
   in economics , a country 's current account is one of the two components of its balance of payments , the other being the capital account ( sometimes called the financial account ) . 
  ** the current account consists of the balance of trade , net primary income or factor income ( earnings on foreign investments minus payments made to foreign investors ) and net cash transfers , that have taken place over a given period of time . 
  ** the current account balance is one of two major measures of a country 's foreign trade ( the other being the net capital outflow ) . 
  a current account surplus indicates that the value of a country 's net foreign assets ( i.e. 
  assets less liabilities ) grew over the period in question , and a current account deficit indicates that it shrank . 
  both government and private payments are included in the calculation . 
  it is called the current account because goods and services are generally consumed in the current period . 
  current account surplus is partly about trade balance , the other parts are about foreign investments and cash transfers . 
  you have probably confused that with budget balance . 
  which is about government spending and taxes . 
  we lack the entrepreneurs , not the engineers . 
  +7 % is not growth or something . 
  it just means that the result of ( export - import ) is positive and equals 7 % of denmarks total gdp . 
  an example , denmark creates 1000 $ gdp annually . 
  to reach that , among other things , denmark imports goods worth 100 $ . 
  they also export goods worth 170 $ . 
  - ( export - import ) / total = current account balance - ( 170 $ - 100 $ ) / 1000 $ = 7 % so denmark has a current account surplus of 7 % of gdp . 
   exactly , german providers should be forced to allow estonian providers use of their towers for a fee , that 's what every country does . 
  which countries do that ? 
   this was published years before the referendum as one can see on the third page of the document  first published 2016, 
  i have created a gui interface using visual basic to enhance the resolution of the ip address of the photo even more . 
  and i found something that will shock you !, 
  with a budget surplus you can increase spending without violating the principles of austerity . 
  best joke about campaign promises will continue to be the vat increase of 2007 . 
  during their campaign in 2005 the cdu said they 'll increase vat from 16 to 18 % . 
  spd said that they wo n't be part of a vat increase , they even called it merkelsteuer ( vat = mehrwertsteuer ) . 
  then spd and cdu formed a grand coalition . 
  and compromised to increase the vat to 19 % . 
  1 percentage point more than what was proposed by the cdu . 
   if they want to seriously make life more affordable for lower & middle classes , they would have to lower the vat . 
  or they increase the threshold for the individual tax brackets , to fight against the infamous `` cold progression '' . 
  which is basically sch\u00e4uble 's plan . 
  he also wants to adjust grundfreibetrag , kindergeld and kinderfreibetrag . 
  yes , that 's the consequence of it . 
  we have that in germany with the landline market . 
  the telekom has to provide the subscriber line ( aka `` the last mile '' ) to all market participants for a low fee that is set by the regulation agency . 
  as a consequence we have multiple providers that can offer contracts cheaper than telekom . 
  but they do n't upgrade or install subscriber lines outside of the high density areas in big cities . 
  and the telekom does n't either . 
  because they know that the day after they are done upgrading subscriber lines , the competitors will send their salespeople to the area . 
  it was a decent idea to regulate all the cables that were installed back when telekom was a state company , because all the cables were paid by the taxpayer . 
  but the regulation covers newly installed cables as well . 
  which kills the incentive to install cables for everyone , except in the most profitable areas . 
  the estonian mobile provider simply does n't have infrastructure in germany . 
  without a partnership with a german provider a phone on a estonian contract will simply not work in germany . 
  that 's the open market . 
  without 100 % regulation there wo n't be an internal market ( i.e. 
  everyone can offer their service everywhere ) for things like mobile contracts . 
  because they require infrastructure at the point of use . 
  and the radio spectrum is limited so new market participants have to use existing , privately owned infrastructure . 
   there is free movement of workers , and separately there is free movement of persons . 
  the latter is limited to 90 days . 
  since cell phone service requires infrastructure at the point of use there wo n't be an internal market anytime soon . 
  the spectrum is limited , so companies that want to provide services in other countries have to use existing privately owned infrastructure . 
  the eu could easily create a real internal market , where everyone can use any eu provider they want . 
  but that would be conflicting with the approach to have free roaming for users . 
  for a real common market the eu has to force every single cell phone provider in the eu to allow others to use their infrastructure . 
  for prices that are set by the eu . 
  because the cost of running infrastructure varies between countries , these set fees would have to vary as well . 
   for instance by requiring a physical address ( residence ) in the country where you get the contract in for example . 
  this can be easily abused . 
  for example by having friends all over the continent . 
  you 're no longer in / r/blackops3, 
  on a scale from beating to murder , how upset are you with poles ? 
  apart from physics , i honestly never understood why i ca n't fly if i flap my arms . 
  hopefully in the same way they would attack during the euro2016 , the world youth days and in rio . 
  same here . 
  maybe isis is still on vacation . 
  last year greece refused calls to accept help from frontex several times . 
  the plan to deploy frontex border guards against the will of member states have been criticized as an attack on their sovereignty by greece and others . 
  imagine how much criticism there would have been if such plans would have been drafted without the current migration crisis . 
  to which country will you deport people without confirmed citizenship ? 
  and how do you convince that country to be part of your changed law ? 
  nope . 
  it 's called rule of law .
