  why is n't the uk doing that ? 
  when the british navy finds a boat with refugees , they bring them to italy . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  though the real system does n't show a fancy animation where every single print overlays over the searched print and a big `` match '' or `` mismatch '' lights up . 
   fyi , 78 % of czechs wish abolition of schengen and establishment of regular border checks on our borders . 
  you guys should have a referendum . 
  get fucked in the ass by communism so the economy is so bad that nobody wants to come here ? 
  no thanks . 
  it 's all a big conspiracy !, 
  even in the german dictionary the word fl\u00fcchtling appears before migrant !, 
  did he mention that germany resettled 20,000 syrians from refugee camps in 2013 and 2014 ? 
  you do n't have to wait for the eu . 
  the unhcr resettlement program is a thing . 
  every country can offer a resettlements . 
  btw , germany resettled a total of 20,000 syrian refugees from unhcr camps in 2013 and 2014 . http://www.unhcr.org/52b2febafc5.html, 
   there are malnourished children and people dying before they get to see a doctor in this country and of course it 's 10,000 ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ muslims that prevent you guys from doing something against that . 
  it will be very similar to the reaction when they are told that they are assigned to the district ludwigslust-parchim in mecklenburg-vorpommern . 
  that 's an area that ca n't even attract romanian workers . 
  when someone applies for asylum in the eu his fingerprints are registered in a eu wide system . 
  because people who speak german and have jobs in germany leave for the uk ? 
  it must be really hard for you guys to be in the eu . 
  everyone wants to come to steal our jerbs !, 
  maybe one day they do n't want to be a satellite state anymore ? 
  so they wo n't cost us a single euro and they do n't block access to resources that we need for other asylum seekers ? 
  sounds good . 
  the good old `` they will be forced to be criminals '' does n't work . 
  if they commit crimes to get money they would have done the same if we would host them ourselves . 
  contrary to popular believe 140 $ pocket money is not plenty . 
  those welfare guys are identified and send back your country can do that . 
  only eu citizen and the holders of certain visa enjoy freedom of movement . 
  refugees generally do n't . 
  btw , schengen has nothing to do with freedom of movement . 
  you enjoy freedom of movement in the uk as well . 
  schengen is about the lack of systematic border control between countries . 
  freedom of movement allows you to visit all eu countries and you can also work in the eu without requiring a permit . 
  do you know how the current process works ? 
  you leave the train in munich , bavaria , germany . 
  you request asylum in germany . 
  the immigration officer will assign you to a state in germany , for example saxony . 
  you protest because you want to stay in munich and you want to go to berlin as well . 
  then you will be put on a bus or a train and you will be taken to one of the central asylum processing facilities in saxony . 
  you will spend a couple weeks there . 
  then you are assigned to a district in saxony , for example g\u00f6rlitz . 
  you will protest that you want to go to berlin instead . 
  they tell you that berlin is not in saxony , so you request to be brought to leipzig . 
  you will be put on another bus and you will be brought to one of the central facilities in the g\u00f6rlitz district . 
  if you are lucky to be allowed to live in a decentralized housing project you will then be assigned to an apartment in one of the municipalities in this district . 
  you think it 's difficult to explain them that they will go to romania ? 
  before you explain them that they will be assigned to a state , tell them that they are assigned to a country . 
  asylum seekers can not pick where they will be living . 
   they have a right to apply for asylum in a specific country . 
  who says that ? 
  do the dublin regulations violate the law ? 
  nobody wants refugees . 
  even germans would prefer that there were no refugees . 
  but wanting something does n't make it reality . 
  these asylum seekers are here . 
  they wo n't go away just because 110 % of italians do n't want them . 
  if it 's so easy why the fuck does eastern europe object against these quotas ? 
  you should agree to take 1 million refugees per year . 
  according to your logic none of them will stay in your country anyway . 
   but just in case is will chance soon , why not count it in that system ? 
  in that case i would recommend every country to participate in this resettlement . 
  because if shit hits the fan and eastern europe has to handle a few million refugees from ukraine , the rest of europe wo n't say `` not our problem '' . 
  but keep in mind that this quota is a one time action . 
  120,000 people from greece , italy and hungary will be distributed . 
  that is not a distribution scheme for every asylum seeker that enters the eu . 
   btw , there are peaceful parts of pakistan , somalia and nigeria . 
  i hope we treat them same as ukrainians . 
  yes , the vast majority wo n't receive asylum either . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  process their applications and deport people who do n't require protection . 
  there is no rule that says you have to put 1000 in one place . 
  give them empty apartments all over the country and a list of telephone contacts . 
  it 's really great to have such lovely neighbors . 
  we wo n't be mad . 
  we bring them back . 
  refugees do n't have the right to pick their host country . 
  and this practice does not violate human rights . 
  ukrainians do n't have a right to asylum according to the un refugee convention , because they can go to a different part of the country . 
  here is the plan : we wo n't give them benefits , they wo n't receive housing , they wo n't block resources , they have no right to work . 
  when they are found they get a ticket back to romania . 
  they are currently in refugee centers in hungary , greece and italy . 
  they are heading nowhere . 
   romania got it 's own from ukraine , people fleing for their lives . 
  so it 's not okay to not stay in the safe turkey to come to eu . 
  but it 's totally okay to not stay in the safe parts of ukraine to come to eu ? 
  because last time i checked only eastern ukraine was a war zone . 
  this is a one time quota . 
  the 120,000 asylum seekers that are to be resettled are currently in refugee centers in italy , greece and hungary . 
  nobody invited them . 
  and they 've been in these countries way before the statement about the dublin regulation . 
  it 's a good idea for a different reason . 
  if shit hits the fan in ukraine or belarus , we can tell eastern europe that the millions of refugees that try to seek asylum in the eu are not our problem . 
  i assume your country spends the money , it saves by not hosting refugees , on children in africa ? 
  schuko 230v , 16a everything else is too expensive for 500 cars . 
  isis smuggler : `` first we smuggled 4000 people with eu passports into syria . 
  then we smuggle 4000 syrians back to eu . 
  because having a eu passport makes you more suspicious than being a refugee . '', 
  isis smuggler , after the microphone has been turned off : `` thanks for spreading our propaganda .
