  they asked for 4.53 billion euro and received 2.45 billion . 
  call your representative and tell them that you would prefer if the eu would impose co2e limits on any capacity mechanism plans . 
  yep . 
  it 's basically merkel 's fault again . 
  to quote the article :  `` this energy package is a gift to poland . 
  pro-renewables governments like germany are losing out , it makes no sense , '' turmes added . 
  they do n't subsidise any particular energy source . 
  coal power plants are just cheaper to build , and countries like poland would rather build plants that work with domestic coal than russian gas . 
  if the capacity mechanism pays for all capacity equally , coal will profit . 
  the environmental ngos ask for a co2 cap so the capacity mechanism would not advantage coal plants . 
  it 's a verbatim copy from http://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/news/leaked-eu-energy-package-subsidises-fossil-fuels-undermines-renewables/, 
  nuclear is so cheap and awesome it does n't need subsidies and state support . 
  or something like that . 
  solar water heating is a thing in rich countries as well . 
  sometimes you just need hot water instead of electricity . 
  that is not true . 
  you get at least 1 $ per hour on top of your welfare payment . 
  and the jobs are limited to jobs that would not exist if there were n't a `` 1 euro jobber '' . 
  the last thing did not work that great in practice , because during the job the tasks these workers did often expanded a little too much . 
  but there were certainly no people who worked in factories under that program . 
  according to the article linked in the article they are from the italian company aku . 
   actually not because you wo n't get any treatment without an insurance card . 
  you will totally get treated in emergency rooms . 
  even if you have something minor . 
  the hippocratic oath trumps the insurance card . 
  deportations are a state matter , so the process varies from state to state . 
  i have never heard about tricking people with fake letters that threaten to stop welfare payments . 
  that does n't sound very ethically . 
  generally rejected asylum seekers get a letter that tells them that they have to leave the country until date x. 
  if they want a free bus/train/plane ticket and some pocket money they can contact the agency . 
  that 's leaving voluntarily , there are no negative consequences if the asylum seeker does that . 
  they do n't have to pay anything back , and they are n't barred from re-entry into the schengen zone . 
  the latter is mostly relevant for asylum seekers from west balkan countries . 
  if they do n't comply until date x , they become illegal in this country and can be deported . 
  that comes with more consequences , you have to pay for your deportation . 
  and you often get a 5 year schengen ban . 
  both are recorded in the schengen information system , and if you want to enter the schengen area again you first have to pay the often multiple thousand euro that your deportation has cost . 
  as i said , mostly relevant for asylum seekers from europe . 
  anyway , there 's a lot of bureaucracy involved in deporting people . 
  you have to coordinate the deportation of every single individual with their home country . 
  and the home country has to agree to take them . 
  since the countries do n't want their citizens back they try to sabotage that process . 
  some countries give you incredibly tight deadlines . 
  so for example they say they take him back if he arrives in their country within 14 days . 
  the police then has 14 days to find the asylum seeker . 
  germany generally does not take people into deportation custody before the paperwork with their home country is finished . 
  they usually try to apprehend you the day the deportation flight happens . 
  another problem is that there are pro-asylum groups in germany that try to sabotage these efforts . 
  if they hear that there 'll be a deportation to country x next monday , they 'll contact people from these country to tell them that they should stay with friends until next tuesday . 
  -----  they wo n't have insurance emergency rooms in hospitals will treat you anyway . 
  and they wo n't report you to the police . 
   they ca n't get a flat as nobody will take cash , they 'd have to entirely live with other people . 
  no problem . 
  there 's always people willing to sub-rent apartments . 
   and as soon as we move back towards reality they do n't get warned beforehand anymore that will be incredibly hard to do without violating human or refugee rights . 
  asylum seekers whose requests were rejected have a right to object that decision . 
  if you do n't want to `` warn '' them , you have to take them into custody , and they only have the right to object while in custody . 
  court cases take a while , so you have to keep them in custody for months . 
  keep in mind that this kind of custody must not resemble imprisonment . 
   and we do not welcome immigration by political incidents ; all the while this is still being an abuse of the asylum status . 
  being persecuted for your political opinion is one of the major reasons for granting asylum . 
  that 's still above minimum wage , is n't it ? 
  must suck that all these occupied countries still do n't call for mother russia to save them . 
  the question is how much any country cares if being in nato means going to war against russia . 
  hopefully countries never have to ask that question . 
  but `` fuck nato , we are safe for now '' is a reasonable answer . 
  it would n't have been the answer in bush 's usa nor in obama 's usa . 
  but in trump 's usa ? 
  who loudly complains about paying for defence of `` some of the richest nations in the world '' . 
  who thinks that the us security guarantee of south korea is useless because it does n't make the us money ? 
  but well , trump is n't a dictator , republicans are pro nato , and pro south korea . 
  he back-pedalled on south korea already . 
  he 'll do the same with nato . 
  at the latest when nato has their small meeting to inaugurate the new hq . 
  he 'll state that defence in nato is unconditionally and that he 'll work with the countries of the alliance to reach the 2 % that they all have agreed upon . 
  '' ... after hey have left the eu '', 
  where do you get these numbers ? 
  even global pro-nuclear groups provide worse numbers for nuclear . 
  tonnes co2-equivalent per gwh - source , mean - low - high - lignite 1054 - 790 - 1372 - coal 888 - 756 - 1310 - oil 733 - 547 - 935 - natural gas 499 - 362 - 891 - solar pv 85 - 13 - 731 - biomass 45 - 10 - 101 - nuclear 29 - 2 - 130 - hydroelectic 26 - 2 - 237 - wind 26 - 6 - 124 most of that data is decades old . 
  the renewables have gotten much better since then . 
   all the nuclear fission ever in use has resulted in about 900 tonnes of waste you must have forgotten a couple of zeros . 
  according to the world nuclear association 12000 tons of high-level waste is produced each year . 
  germany abandoned nuclear energy because people no longer wanted it . 
  that was in 2000 . 
  fukushima has nothing to do with it . 
  fukushima just re-accelerated the phase-out that was slowed by the merkel government in 2010 . 
  constructing new nuclear power plants has not been possible since 2000 . 
  and since we do n't have tsunamis , a flood in a nuclear power plant could never happen in europe . 
  and nobody in europe ( remember , we are n't stupid soviet-japanese ) would ever build a nuclear power plant in a zone with seismic activity . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_blayais_nuclear_power_plant_flood https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fessenheim_nuclear_power_plant#risks, 
  - february 2011 : europe is known for soviets that do n't know what to do - april 2011 : europe is known for its soviets , earthquakes and tsunamis - december 2023 : europe is known for its soviets , earthquakes , tsunamis and ... rinse and repeat . 
  before fukushima nuclear power plants in `` the west '' were considered totally safe because we do n't have stupid soviets that deliberately bring them into a dangerous state . 
  let 's see what we add next to that list of things that would never happen . 
  who would have thought . 
  here 's how deportations work in germany : 1 . asylum seeker has his application rejected 2 . asylum seeker does not leave voluntarily 3 . an agency of the german states contacts the country of origin of the asylum seeker to request that they take them back 4 . best case scenario , the country of origin confirms that the asylum seeker is their citizen and that they 'll accept them if they enter the country within 14 days 5 . paper work is filed 6 . the police tries to apprehend the asylum seeker 7 . if they can , they will escort the asylum seeker back to their home country 8 . if they ca n't : goto step 3 the agencies have to rely on cooperation of the other countries . 
  and the other countries usually try a lot to not take their citizens back . 
  like the 14 day limit for example . 
  if you apprehend the asylum seeker a day after the deadline runs out , you have to do the whole procedure again . 
  that 's why it 's so friggin hard to actually deport people . 
  did you actually believe that germany just drops of people at random airports ?
