   a bit too often how much is allowed ? 
  one satire per week ? 
  where in the float about poland do you see the incitement of racial hatred ? 
  activists ? 
  if only we had a proper word for people that commit violent crimes that appear intended to intimidate or coerce civilians ; or to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion . 
  yes , i can imagine that . 
  nothing would happen . 
  freedom of expression covers satire as well . 
  there are countless caricatures about merkel . 
  and over the years she was depicted on [ many carnival floats ] ( http://imgur.com/a/eqkym ) . 
  man , greek and polish newspapers love to depict merkel as nazi . 
  and nothing happens . 
  not if you suffer from achromatopsia , which is total color blindness . 
  but i think people who suffer from that can be considered blind anyway . 
  driving a regular car or a motorcycle should work . 
  it is n't even tested during the eye exam that is necessary for obtaining a normal drivers license . 
  though a colorblind person might not pass the necessary tests to be able to drive a large truck or a bus , depending on the type and severeness of the color blindness . 
  mission accomplished . 
  orban did n't say that the baltics can count on hungary 's solidarity . 
   we sanctioned russia too . 
  what should we do ? 
  do n't travel to russia to discuss buying 30 russian helicopters for the hungarian air force . 
  because that deal can only come into fruition if the current sanctions are abolished . 
  that makes it pretty obvious that hungary wants the sanctions gone . 
  the question is if they have the balls to actually veto the next prolongation . 
  i guess it depends on how much money putin wants for these 30 helicopters . 
  when did that `` always '' start ? 
  because i remember that hungary was one of the few eu countries that spoke out against sanctions against russia . 
   speaking on hungary 's kossuth radio , mr orban said `` the sanctions policy pursued by the west ... causes more harm to us than to russia . 
    `` in politics , this is called shooting oneself in the foot . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28801353 ) i guess `` the west '' bullied hungary into agreeing to the sanctions . 
  as we do . 
  -- and a couple days ago i read an article that hungary wants to buy 30 mi-8 / 17 military helicopters from russia . 
  which , due to the sanctions against russia , is currently not possible . 
  which means , sanctions have to go before that deal can be signed . 
   `` in february , hungarian prime minister viktor orban plans to hold talks with russian president vladimir putin , during which they will discuss the delivery of up to 30 russian helicopters to the hungarian air force , '' the spokesperson said . 
  [ source ] ( http://defence-blog.com/news/hungary-is-negotiating-buy-of-30-new-mi-817-helicopters.html ) -- but maybe solidarity just means `` we are against muslim immigrants too '' in hungarian . 
   french farmers are not asking for more subsides , at all . 
  not directly , the government is asking for them . 
  from the article :  in the dairy sector , french proposals include an increase in the floor price at which producers can sell into public storage that 's a subsidy . 
  the public storage uses tax money to buy milk for a higher price to remove it from the market . 
   an export credit facility that 's a subsidy . 
   and aid for farmers who cut output when prices fall , obviously subsidy . 
   a memorandum submitted by france to the commission and seen by reuters showed . 
  i 'm pretty sure large farms are still able to produce above cost . 
  probably just barely above cost though . 
  if we keep thousands of unprofitable livestock farms alive with tax money , even these large farms will continue to produce at that level . 
  long-term this decreases their competitiveness because they wo n't have the money to invest in modern technology . 
  and in a couple of years , you need to subsidies these farms as well . 
  let the unprofitable businesses die , and the prices will go up because the supply has shrunk . 
  that 's the reality of the business world . 
  and farming is just another business . 
  if you sell a product that is abundant you wo n't be able to get good prices . 
  if we produce more milk than we need , some businesses have to go bankrupt . 
  and the businesses that go bankrupt first are the ones that are n't able to compete . 
  that 's how it works in every market . 
  giving out even more tax money wo n't change that . 
  that just keeps the broken producer market alive artificially . 
  or we can go back to subsidizing exports so eu farmers can undercut the prices of african farmers . 
  and then we can increase development aid to partly counterbalanced the negative effects that has on the economies in these countries . 
  i 've heard there was ( or is ) some sort of refugee crisis that really picked up speed in 2015 . 
  so roughly in the ballpark of the german contribution to the eu economy . 
  considering that most lobbyists work for commercial entities , that 's not too surprising . 
  no taxation without representation . 
  until there is legislation that allows berlin to have a say how transfer money is spend , there wo n't be transfers . 
  similar to the us , where iowa ca n't decide to pay every unemployed person $ 2000 a month , and california has to pay for it . 
  the trade surplus sits in bank accounts of german businesses . 
  germany can not do anything with that money . 
  according to ganymede , that 's exploiting other eu countries for their cheap workforce . 
  we should move industries to romania and gift the businesses to romanians . 
  that 's not how trade surplus works . 
  it 's not predatory pricing if producers from country a can produce , and therefor sell cheaper than production cost in country b. 
  that 's simply called competition . 
   probably more than running a red light it seems . 
  the accident happened on a single-track railway . 
  there are plenty of those in the countryside . 
  in that case all it needs for a head-on collision is running a red light . 
  can you cite some articles that highlight the propagandistic efforts of the bbc ? 
   the owners probably do not give a damn , they can afford the insurance and they get a brand new car each time . 
  that 's not how that works . 
  1 . if you do n't have extra money , you will be months without your own car , until the insurance bureaucracy is finished 2 . you wo n't get a brand new car because you will only get a used car . 
  same brand , same age , same milage , same conditions . 
  3 . the insurance wo n't bring you a car , you have to find one yourself 4 . if you have a deductible in your insurance contract , you have to pay that as well and if you thought that you do n't need insurance ( that part is not mandatory ) you wo n't get anything . 
  how much money would you get if you sold your $ 33000 car now ? 
   everything is legal . 
  maybe in romania . 
  not sure about france , but in germany there are plenty of laws that make it impossible to permanently live in a tent legally . 
  that starts with such mundane things as a street address . 
  if you want to live there permanently , your `` house '' needs one . 
  your `` house '' will only get one if it 's build in the right zone and if it follows building regulations . 
  your `` house '' needs to be connected to water , electricity , phone and waste water infrastructure as well . 
   no but it 's their legal right as eu citizens to move to france . 
  indeed . 
  for 90 days . 
  after that freedom of movement is only for people who can support themselves from their legal income , i.e. 
  workers and their families or people who are wealthy enough to not have to rely on welfare payments , begging or crime . 
  because deporting illegal immigrants is a lengthy bureaucratic process that will only be successful if none of the dozen or so obstacles are hit . 
  if you 're smart , you do n't let people in that you have to deport . 
   now she wants nato to intervene in the region do you realize that nato is already intervening in that region ? 
  the german air force does recon missions over syria .
