  thank god you did n't say this is a polish house . 
  that would have started a new `` dunghouses of europe '' series . 
   look at what hungary did , they actually solved the problem ... 
  remember the chaos in keleti station in june/july 2015 ? 
  that was their problem . 
   seems to be working his ass off so far . 
  yep , presidential secretary trump has already signed a dozen of bannon 's executive orders . 
  he has the best signatures . 
  according to breitbart bannon . 
  in real life this happens : https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2015/11/20/infographic-screening-process-refugee-entry-united-states, 
  there 's certainly a lot of truth to it . 
  though that view that the third reich and the holocaust could have only happened in germany clashes extremely with what is taught in germany about this . 
  everyone is susceptible to similar ideas . 
  if we go by the views in the video we have to come to the conclusion that something like nazi germany is no longer possible . 
  it was never possible in france , the uk , the usa and it is no longer possible in germany because the us , its allies and we ourselves did quite a lot to break that chain of militaristic obedience . 
  but that 's an incredibly false , even dangerous , conclusion . 
  there 's a continued risk that humanity will go a similar route again . 
  which requires constant vigilance by the population to prevent the growth of that kind of nationalism . 
  not only in germany , but also in countries that like to see themselves as immune to the ideas that lead to the second world war and the holocaust . 
  i ca n't avoid pulling a goodwin here . 
  but the situation in the us feels gut-wrenchingly similar to the raise of hitler . 
  america first . 
  external enemies who endanger the americans . 
  calls for more security to protect americans . 
  media is either with us or should stay silent . 
  executive orders that allow the president to rule like a dictator . 
  bannon just put himself into a position with a lot of power . 
  right now tens if not hundreds of thousand of americans go to the streets to protest against the executive orders of bannon and his spokesperson trump . 
  but what if opposition decreases ? 
  when people realise that their protests do n't achieve anything . 
  when more and more media outlets label these protesters traitors . 
  when attending a protest might have negative repercussions in your life . 
  will you get fired ? 
  will the brown shirts terrorise your family because you attended a protest ? 
  just needs a couple agent provocateurs that initiate riots in these protests and people will stop protesting . 
  you do n't want to associate with rioters that destroy the property of the american working class , do n't you ? 
  what happens if the economy actually profits from the trump/bannon methods ? 
  who will stand up and say that they prefer a worse economy over better security ? 
  what if there 's a reichstag fire in the us ? 
  how many people will ask themselves if trump was n't right about muslims ? 
  will anyone stand up against bannon when he will erect internment camps for muslims that threaten the safety of american people ? 
  not having a nationalistic militaristic past like germany wo n't protect the us . 
  vigilance will . 
  if only they had the ability to pick who they want to protest against . 
  yeah . 
  that fucking kid on facebook should have found a solution to finally stop terrorism . 
  are these dense kids even trying ???? 
   trump is the democratically elected president of the us who lost the popular vote by 2.8 million votes . 
  so why even have negotiations ? 
  the purest form of brexit is to have no special relationship with the eu . 
  the uk could have that within a few weeks . 
   rather than relying on the us and uk ( and demanding that nato do so ) in poland , and other eastern european nato member countries . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what has germany demanded that it is n't willing to do ? 
  the german air force is currently active in estonia for baltic air policing . 
  it 's our 10th turn . 
  that makes germany the most active country in baltic air policing . 
  followed by poland , belgium and france who did 6 turns each . 
  for comparison the uk and us did 4 turns each . 
  the bundeswehr unit that will prepare the arrival of german , norwegian , dutch and belgium troops for operation enhanced forward presence has arrived in lithuania just this week . 
  the battalion will be led by germany . 
  mission accomplished . 
  of those 147,905 babies that were born to a foreign mother in 2015 : - 21,555 were born to a turkish mother - 10,831 to a polish mother - 8,154 to a romanian mother - 7,146 had a mother from kosovo - 5,982 from italy - 5,616 from serbia - 5,458 from russia - 4,829 from syria - 4,202 from bulgaria - 3,245 from greece if the eastern european babies unite , they can outvote the muslims that hate us white guys . 
  so we might be able to keep our pensions . 
   take them back a couple miles to the shore they just departed from , or ferry them all the way to europe . 
  if you want to keep the moral superiority over countries that send soldiers on vacation in foreign countries you ferry them to europe if you do n't have permission to bring them back where they departed . 
  the majority of the ships that rescue people are military vessels after all . 
  or you build some automated boats that drive themselves to shore . 
  that 's a rather big if . 
  i doubt that the countries that currently do n't even want to take back their own citizen would like to become a refugee camp for the eu . 
  making a refugee return deal with a dozen countries is highly unrealistic . 
  in the end we will exchange turkey for libya . 
  what pressure ? 
  sanctioning the next country that is a net importer with the eu ? 
  to make sure that the eu economies finally shrink again ? 
  mischlinge everywhere !, 
   damn , 4 days in office and he 's already a caricature of himself . 
  to be fair , that was added by me . 
  all of that was just re-narration . 
  but it might prevent that it will happen again . 
  the damage control is already happening . 
  yesterday , trump , in an unscheduled `` gaggle '' with reporters ( read : without first receiving a briefing by priebus and bannon ) on air force one : mexico will pay for the wall , we will add a 20 % import tax on imports from mexico . 
  ( probably not realising that import taxes will be paid by american businesses and american customers . ), 
  yesterday later , spicer : that 's just one of the many options we are discussing !, 
  the point is that american taxpayers are n't going to pay for it !, 
  today , trump , scheduled : just had a very constructive phone call with the mexican president . 
  we talked about the importance of the friendship between our nations . 
  we also had constructive talks about the trade deficit . 
  we disagree about the payment for the wall , but we will work these differences out in the future . 
  very good talk . 
  very constructive . 
  that would n't have stopped the refugees from coming . 
  you still seem to believe the myth that merkel started the asylum crisis by inviting everyone . 
   and we want to be in a position to have as much influence as possible . 
  by telling europe to fuck off . 
  that will surely increase your influence . 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  i like that the penalty for not holding back asylum seekers is higher than the penalty for occupying ukraine . 
  and not to be confused with lichtenstein , a slightly smaller castle in saxony . 
  why would china react with tanks to a trade war ?
