   if greece economy is destroy , we will take the rest of europe and the world with us !, 
  i wonder how you will do that . 
  willing to share the secret plan ? 
  it 's a ploy to stop the tens of thousands of people from the balkans that apply for asylum in germany . 
  -- in 2015 , until may , 27234 people from kosovo applied for asylum . 
  15951 from albania , 8664 from serbia , 3156 from macedonia , 2103 from bosnia and herzegovina . 
  compared to 24714 people from syria . 
  6184 from iraq , 5697 from afghanistan , 2464 from eritrea and 2125 from nigeria . 
  and not only do they take our jobs . 
  they are all unemployed and reap in benefits that are paid by our tax money !, 
  if you want to read it , google `` eu attempts a coup d\u2019\u00e9tat by stealth in greece '' and click the link to ft. 
  i have a counter proposal . 
  if they do n't want muslims they can take non-muslims . 
  the difference between `` is the future of europe '' and `` should be part of the picture '' is significant . 
  just say usa , no need to be political correct . 
  it 's not a fair statistic . 
  it does not consider time spend in [ * work simulator 2015 * ] ( http://thumbpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/funny-german-working-simulator-beer1.jpg ) . 
  they get the dog sniffing dogs and find it . 
  that rule does not apply if you stay inside the ~ ~ schengen area ~ ~ eu . 
  i still believe that there will be a deal . 
  greece accepts harsh reforms , and the eurozone will offer the prospect of a debt relief if the reforms are implemented as agreed . 
  so i should try to get strongbow . 
  i really enjoy drinking carlsberg . 
  actually , because my hunt for cider this evening was unsuccessful , i bought two bottles of carlsberg instead . 
  indifferent, 
  is mallorca still german ? 
  does n't matter if a euro is worth 100 drachmas . 
  the important thing is how much the exchange rate between them changes over time . 
  the whole ordeal of currencies that get weaker and stronger depending of the economic performance of a country . 
  with the dm i could afford a lot more things in greece than i can with the euro . 
  and so could you . 
  but at the same time greeks could afford a lot less things from germany . 
  which woudl be bad for the economy of germany . 
  what 's wrong with a small family owned shop ? 
  walmart uber alles ? 
  but are they mandatory ? 
  by nature these things happen mostly in small businesses . 
  if you ask non-family employees to evade taxes for your business , the danger that one of them turns into a whistleblower is quite high . 
  depends on the requirements of the tax code further down the line . 
  modern cash registers keep everything in an internal log . 
  every transaction is stored in the machine , they store basically every single key press . 
  if a receipt is issued it 's stored in the log . 
  if a transaction is cancelled or a receipt has to be re-printed it is stored . 
  and everything is stored in a way that does not allow changes later . 
  these logs have to be stored for tax audits . 
  if the tax code requires it these logs are used for accounting . 
  a business owner ca n't add everything he sold , put that number into an excel sheet , throw the logs away and send the excel sheet to his accountant . 
  modern cash registers produce a long data trail that makes tax evasion incredibly hard . 
  but i doubt that the greek tax code ( already ) requires such systems . 
  in germany systems that keep an electronic log become mandatory only in 2017 . 
  it 's actually quite hard to stop tax evasion on this level . 
  you need a lot of bureaucracy and a lot of tax officers for it . 
  smart businesses do n't evade every single transaction . 
  they do so on maybe 10 or 20 % of their transaction . 
  so what they declare at the end of the year is still very believable for the person that does n't know your restaurant personally . 
  businesses have to be checked on-site to prove that they do n't declare transaction . 
  you have to match customers you have witnessed to receipts the businesses have issued . 
  and the app should be made by the greek tax authorities . 
  so it 's not my connection ? 
  i was ready to blame my government to not invest enough into expansion of broadband internet connections . 
  they might not get lynched if they are able to wheedle debt restructuring and an investment plan out of the troika . 
  or he is talking as citizen of the earth . 
   i am in favor of this policy of unilateral withdraw from europe , after a life of being an interventionist , because you all deserve it . 
  so pay for the fucking ad yourself . 
  you have to send your threat to the troika . 
  we redditors ca n't write a 300 billion euro check for greece . 
   no taxpayers of individual countries on the hook , win-win or not ? 
  not . 
  plenty of these taxpayers have savings , that will devalue if the ecb throws money onto greece . 
   however something happened to the mother not necessarily . 
  let 's assume these people apply for asylum in germany : 1 family of 4 . mom , dad , son , daughter 1 married couple without kids 4 single males who do n't have families only 30 % of these asylum seekers are female . 
  but no mother was left behind . 
  economic migrants from outside the eu are the same as economic migrants from inside the eu . 
  the statistics are similar . 
  young males are more adventurous and risk-taking . 
  if they already have a family they will use their income to send money back to their home country . 
  they come out of economic necessity , and their family can live a better life if they send money back home . 
  for legitimate refugees the statistic is a bit off . 
  if the asylum seeker has actually received asylum , and their country has family reunion laws , they can apply to bring their family . 
  and the family members do n't have to apply for asylum individually , so they do n't end up in the statistic . 
  they `` just '' have to fill out a couple forms in an embassy or consulate . 
  they have to prove why the family can only be restored if they come to eu country . 
  once that process is done and they are allowed to join the husband/father , they get papers that allow them to cross the eu border legally . 
  if you are n't already in europe ( i.e. 
  balkan ) , and you ca n't board a plane , it 's expensive and often dangerous to apply for asylum in the eu . 
  but asylum seekers usually underestimate how difficult family reunion is . 
  the same way how they overestimate the benefits they receive . 
  we do n't occupy countries anymore . 
  and i doubt that any other eu member is interested in occupying greece . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  your thought experiment would be more realistic if greece would surrender these powers to newly created eu authorities . 
  they receive transfers and the contributors receive control over policy . 
  like a federalized greu inside the eu . 
   instead they were confronted with a text from the creditors that upped the ante imagine something like when bargaining about the price of something . 
  seller : i want 1500 euro buyer : this thing is not worth more than 1000 seller : 1400 ? 
  buyer : 1200 seller : you are too hard on me . 
  pay 1350 and we have a deal buyer : i ca n't go higher than 1300 seller : come one , i have a family to feed . 
  1600 buyer : ?? 
  do you follow the news about greece ? 
  you should find your answer there .
