  they are both aggressions , but both the motivation and the long-term effects are massively different . 
  in yugoslavia , afghanistan and iraq sovereignty was returned to the local population . 
  crimea became part of russia . 
  if the us or nato would have invaded crimea to prevent a genocide of the russian minority , the coalition would have already worked out a plan to give sovereignty back to the people of crimea . 
  like in kosovo they might leave some troops to prevent another genocide , but that 's it . 
  when was the last time the us have annexed a plot of land ? 
   google , apple , intel , nvidia , amd , ibm , hp , oracle , cisco , etc. . . all american companies . 
   and they would certainly love stop selling to the european customer because trump has a personal feud with the eu . 
  because we all know the number one goal of a business is to please the leader of the country they are headquartered in . 
  uk should have left the schengen zone years ago !, 
  then they could check everyone who enters the country . 
  when america sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems to us . 
  and some , i assume , are good people !, 
  but i speak to border guards and they tell us what we 're getting . 
  and it only makes common sense . 
  they 're sending us not the right people . 
  so who is going to post the map that shows how many russian troops are deployed along nato 's border ? 
   but , there is some truth in that , particularly because the guy is a thin-skinned narcissist . 
  who does n't understand separation of powers . 
   he clearly hates opposition . 
  both became pretty obvious in the last 24 hours . 
   13:59 @realdonaldtrump : when a country is no longer able to say who can , and who can not , come in & out , especially for reasons of safety & . security - big trouble !, 
   14:12 @realdonaldtrump : the opinion of this so-called judge , which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned !, 
   21:44 @realdonaldtrump : what is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone , even with bad intentions , can come into u.s. ? 
   22:44 @realdonaldtrump : because the ban was lifted by a judge , many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country . 
  a terrible decision  00:37 @realdonaldtrump : why are n't the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston , which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision ? 
   01:48 @realdonaldtrump : the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart . 
  bad people are very happy !, 
  on twitter . 
  by 28 different accounts . 
  it 's not very common . 
  because the agreement of the receiving state is usually obtained before the ambassador is sent to the host country . 
  and it 's often done behind the scenes . 
  -- last year germany rejected the new ambassador from north korea . 
  ca n't get worse than that . 
  allahu akbar is arabic for basically everything between `` oh shit oh shit , the plane is crashing , i 'm going to die '' and `` my favorite football team just scored a goal and i enjoy that very much '' . 
  with `` my god is a much better god than your god . 
  die motherfucker die '' right in the middle . 
  the job of the eu parliament is to represent the voters in the eu . 
  the job of an mission/embassy is to foster the relationship between countries and the population of these countries . 
  different jobs and therefor different ways of dealing with people . 
  you ca n't reject someone who represents a part of the electorate . 
  you however can reject a diplomat if you believe that he wo n't be beneficial for your country/organisation . 
  if a country would send le pen or farage as ambassador to the eu , the eu should reject them as well . 
  the job of an ambassador is to foster the good relationship between the two countries or organisations . 
  you ca n't do that if you hate the organisation that will host you with a passion . 
  that 's why a host country can deny any ambassador a sending country wants to send to them . 
  the host country does n't even have to state reasons . 
  the us has diplomatic missions in individual member states anyway . 
  i doubt that it will help trump or the us if they abolish the us mission to the eu after 61 years . 
  no , it works like this : if you are france and your deadline runs out one year after spain and two years after portugal you have one year more than spain and two years more than portugal to present a budget that complies to the rules . 
  regardless of juncker 's comments . 
  and this : current account surplus is part of the macroeconomic imbalance procedures . 
  mip groups countries into different violation categories . 
  not a single eu country has ever been in the category that comes with actual corrective measures . 
  that 's why germany does n't get sanctioned for its excessive current account surplus . 
  the czech republic is the only eu country that does n't violate at least one mip indicator . 
  nice editorialisation . 
  they do n't even mention germany in that article . 
  being a dictator has nothing to do with how someone came into power . 
  hitler was an elected dictator . 
  his party won the most votes in the election . 
  hitler then used the parliament to increase his power until he could rule without the parliament , as a dictator . 
  oh and trump plans to suppress voters as well . 
  he claims that 3 million illegal votes were cast for clinton . 
  not coincidentally he lost the popular vote by about 3 million votes . 
  he now plans to fix the voting system so all the people who voted ~ ~ for clinton ~ ~ illegally will no longer be able to vote . 
  maybe the magazine has a security council that has labelled him a terrorist . 
  so now it 's self defence and a drone strike is justified . 
   so we have a major magazine printing this . 
  so how major are we talking about ? 
  what 's the circulation ? 
  that 's it !, 
  no more st. patty 's day celebrations !, 
  impossible . 
  soros spent all his money on the women 's march already . 
  and then some more on the airport protests . 
  and we all know that americans do n't protest for 11 $ . 
  soros is now more broke than greece . 
  so what sums are we talking about ? 
  because  80 % of the remaining greek debt is owed to imf , ecb , esm , efsf and eurozone governments . 
  and if trump would have been on the helm during that time , this is exactly what would have happened . 
  dexter d\u00fcn ' t care . 
   german tanks would march in paris once again soon !!!, 
  already happened in 1994 . 
  roughly 4 % of the german population have a turkish migration background , i.e. 
  have or had turkish citizenship , or have at least one parent who migrated from turkey . 
  no idea . 
  unfortunately i do n't have a premium subscription for statista . 
  but the numbers of usa and russia match the november 2016 numbers from the op graph . 
  so the statista source might actually be deutschlandtrend . 
   his approval rating may be low because people are scared to publicly support him thank god there 's always an excuse . 
  here 's one from 2016 : https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/5318/umfrage/laender-denen-deutschland-als-partner-vertrauen-kann/ which countries can you trust ? 
  - france : 90 % ( 8 % ca n't trust ) - great britain : 62 % ( 35 % ca n't ) - usa : 59 % ( 36 % ) - russia : 25 % ( 72 % ) - turkey : 6 % ( 93 % ), 
  the german democratic republic was a satellite state of the soviet union . 
   most non-americans want to see the us obliterated . 
  that 's probably not even true in north korea . 
  with that attitude you will get the best deals in the world . 
  hey australia .
