  china 169.9 billion euro 2 . 
  france 167 billion euro 3 . 
  usa 164.8 billion euro 4 . the netherlands 162 billion euro 5 . 
  uk 121.8 billion euro though it 's not so much off , so if you would buy more cars instead of relying on your omafietsen we could change that . 
   and trump just lost the us a lot of trust with the paris agreement it 's trump itself who is the issue for germans . 
  last poll before trump was elected had the us at 59 % trust , first poll after trump they were down to 22 % . 
   mils a mil is a thousands of an inch, 
   `` 700 mil '' if you design electronics 700 mil equals 17.78 millimetres . 
  add english classes to basic training and soldiers will be able to speak english . 
  since you did n't get a raise i 'm assuming you are n't paid according to tv-l and your salary is freely negotiable . 
  so when was the last time you have asked for a raise ? 
  not switching jobs and not asking for a raise is the reason why a lot of germans do n't get more money . 
   germans in general disliked the united states government long before trump . 
  in the same series of polls the us achieved 80 % trust in february 2009 . 
  in the survey before trump was elected they received 59 % trustworthy rating . 
  and then fell to 22 % in the first poll after trump 's election . 
   ( though as i mentioned above - i would assume that in a few years either the toll or the tax go up again , so in the end it will cost more ) . 
  with the actual law that will be put in place that 's actually impossible without changing significant parts of the law again . 
  as i 've said the law basically says `` the vehicle tax you owe will be lowered by the amount of toll you pay and if you have a euro 6 car by even more than that '' . 
  the whole thing with the individual rebates is a way to guarantee that germans wo n't pay more . 
  and it 's also the biggest legal problem for the eu . 
  if germany would have decided to just lower the vehicle tax `` independent '' from introducing a road toll there would be no way to object . 
  the legal problems exist because of the individual rebates that are applied each year . 
  nobody will stop germany from actually lowering the vehicle tax . 
  we could lower the vehicle tax instead of not touching the vehicle tax and issuing individual rebates on the amount of vehicle tax that is actually owed . 
  would be very hard to object that . 
  but that would mean that the `` the vehicle tax you owe will be lowered by the amount of toll you paid '' part will be no longer part of the law . 
  which makes it harder for politicians to argue that the toll wo n't cost germans anything . 
   the toll will be raised for everybody and essentially the kfz-steuer ( car tax ) will be lowered by the same amount . 
  no it wo n't . 
  the vehicle tax wo n't be lowered . 
  people will get an individual rebate on the vehicle tax which will be the amount of toll they have paid . 
  not a big difference in practice . 
  but that 's basically the only legal problem this whole thing has . 
  if we would just lower the vehicle tax there would n't be a problem . 
  but then the law would n't contain a legal link between toll and vehicle tax . 
  which means it will be incredible hard to argue that germans wo n't pay more eventually . 
  right now if the toll is increased , the vehicle tax a car owner owes is automatically lowered . 
  that will be no longer the case if the vehicle tax is lowered and there is no individual rebate . 
  i 'm pretty sure the biggest legal problem are the individual rebates on vehicle tax . 
  if we would just slash the vehicle tax everything would be okay . 
  but if there 's no connection in the law between toll and the tax rebate it will make it harder for politicians to claim that germans wo n't have to pay extra . 
  the csu wanted a token project to show that they are relevant on a federal level . 
   but looking at car taxes in austria for example it seems that the car tax there alreadyis much lower than the german tax . 
  so why does n't germany simply lower the vehicle tax ? 
  why do we need that stupid `` the vehicle tax you owe will be lowered by the amount of toll you pay '' system ? 
   multiple trucks simply crossing through for free vehicles over 7.5 tons already pay toll in germany . 
   and the fdp has no chance . 
  they polled at 10 % in the recent `` if there would be federal elections this sunday , who would you vote for '' question of deutschlandtrend . 
  cdu/csu polled 38 , fdp 10 . 
  that would be half of the seats in a cdu/csu , spd , linke , greens , fdp , afd parliament . 
  you get the rebate on the vehicle tax you pay in germany . 
  if you have a vehicle registered in germany you get the rebate . 
  we 're paying excise tax on sparkling wine . 
  introduced in 1902 with the purpose of financing the imperial german navy , back then it was 0.50 rm per bottle ( average price per bottle was 2.50 rm without the tax ) . 
  it was then reduced to 0 in 1933 . 
  in 1939 it was reactivated to pay for u-boats . 
  in 1949 the federal republic of germany just continued to collect it . 
  today the tax is 0.38 $ ( if less than 6 % alcohol ) or 1.02 $ ( 6 % + ) for a 0.75 liter bottle of sparkling wine . 
  `` kann man vertauen '' = `` can be moored '' it 's not about trust but about securing your watercraft . 
  russia blocks paris agreement . 
  which will be vetoed by poland . 
  in return hungary will veto the use of article 7 on poland . 
  afghan oil best oil in the world . 
  should we make our own union ? 
   money is kind of a symbolic thing , so it does n't even matter that much i 'm 12 and this is deep . 
  the moment the vendor brings the baht coin to the bank is when it stops being symbolic . 
  because he just lost 2 euro . 
  i doubt that , but i 'm not an expert on nuclear weapons . 
  and in what missile should we put it ? 
  what point are you arguing ? 
  ca n't you accept that there are no us nuclear weapons in europe that are aimed at russia ? 
   germany got that offere but refused . 
  because we do n't have planes that are capable of dropping the upgraded bombs . 
  b61 mod 12 is n't compatible with the tornado . 
  i would have guessed the obligation to secure the outer schengen borders would be enough justification for a law and order guy like orban . 
  are n't the remaining american nuclear weapons in europe all b61 nuclear bombs that will be dropped from planes ? 
  in other words : they are n't actually targeting anyone . 
  would have been much better had you put an x at the end of your sentence, 
  yes . 
  let the jihadists alone !, 
  they do n't deserve to be countered by a capable military force . 
  make peace not war !, 
  ... but after they let in more than 400,000 people into the schengen area in 2015 . 
  -- per your article . 
  i thought it was something like 100,000 people only . 
  thanks for posting that article so i now know more accurate numbers . 
  during the 2014 summit nato members have agreed to increase spending to 2 % over the next decade . 
  trump just repeats what everyone already committed to . 
   good luck convincing the french to use german tanks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kant_project  ... or the germans to use polish planes . 
  what polish planes ? 
   alternatively you can spread construction among the different states , but then you 've replicated the u.s. military-industrial complex . 
  we call that airbus instead of the u.s. military-industrial complex . 
   why invest in research for 17 different main battle tanks to be fair , more than half of them are of soviet origin . 
   including possibly being sued by fatima for child support . 
  if the men do n't aim higher than being a welfare recipient ( at least officially ) for the rest of their life that 's not a problem . 
  the court wo n't take away your welfare payments . 
   also this is ridiculously easy to check if it seems suspicious with dna-testing . 
  that requires consent of father and mother .
