  example : in germany interconnect fees are currently limited to 1.1 cent per minute . 
  a provider sells you a package with unlimited calls for 9.90 $ . 
  if you talk for half an hour each day to someone who is with a different company , the provider will lose money just from the interconnect fees . 
  same is true for roaming fees , but they are higher than domestic interconnect fees . 
  the eu limits these fees to 3.2 cent per minute . 
  now you only have to be on the phone for 10 minutes each day and your provider will lose money from roaming fees . 
  it 's very likely that they still charge each other roaming fees . 
  the multinationals are still organised as national subsidiaries . 
  and the subsidies have local costs like salaries , leases , etc. 
  they learned from politicians . 
  politician does something that the electorate does n't like : the eu forced us !, 
  eu does something that the electorate likes : i did something for you !, 
  roaming fees will always be higher than domestic interconnect fees . 
  because a foreign telco company has to pay local telco companies for use of their infrastructure . 
  they could certainly do this , but why would they ? 
  telecoms from different countries will continue to pay each other for roaming . 
  the roaming costs a polish provider has to pay for roaming to the german provider can easily exceed the price the customer pays to the polish provider . 
  so the polish provider is interested to keep roaming time minimal . 
  he can do that by only giving contracts to people who have their main place of residence in poland . 
   why not help them in the middle east ? 
  because they were rioting in keleti station . 
   the eu treaty has mechanisms to sanction member countries for not following the treaties . 
  serious : which treaty did romania violate ? 
  legally ireland is required to recover the illegal state aid it has paid . 
  even if they appeal the ec ruling . 
  that 's why the money is put into an escrow account , so if ireland wins the appeal , ireland would n't have to repay it from its government budget . 
  it actually does n't matter if it was a fine or whatever . 
  every outstanding payment can be seized . 
  if ireland does n't want to recover the illegal state aid , they will be fined by the ec . 
   it 's us who pursue missle defence capabilities , not rf . 
  officially . 
  as long as russia has a veto in the unsc seeking unsc action is pretty pointless . 
  -- usa : we propose resolution 0815 ` provide military assistance to ukraine to counter aggressions by russia ' russia : veto !, 
  unsc : resolution 0815 wo n't be enacted . 
  guys , let 's get lunch . 
  haha berlin . 
   eu : competition , free trade , common set of rules , weeeeee !, 
  i fixed that for you . 
  individuals get their bank accounts seized for shit like owing 5000 $ to the health insurance . 
  small businesses get their bank accounts seized if they do n't pay their taxes on time . 
  but multinationals ? 
  untouchable . 
  think of all the jerbs . 
   starting to seize assets was a silly suggestion so you got a silly comparison . 
  that 's what happens if you do n't pay fines . 
  at least if your name is max m\u00fcller , or your company is named bananen computer gmbh . 
  not sure why multinationals should be treated differently . 
  a court will order you to pay , if you do n't pay the court officer visits to ask you if you want to pay , or if they should seize the amount you owe . 
  i 'm sure it 's similar in ireland . 
   luckily the ecj do n't look at reputations . 
  just the facts . 
  and the fact is that the member state , in this case ireland , is required to recover illegal state aid . 
  please elaborate . 
  where 's the connection between german export credit guarantees and america ? 
   date 14.08.2012 why is this relevant ? 
  it 's also obsolete , since 2014 germany no longer issues these export credit guarantees for nuclear projects except if they are for exports that are used for decommissioning or to increase the safety of the nuclear plant . 
  declare that the robot is a human . 
  the robot gets paid minimum wage or union wage . 
  at the end of the year the robot has to calculate how many hours it worked , it then declares its taxes and pays income tax . 
  if the robot is a unit that does multiple task simultaneously it will be declared multiple humans . 
  i am actually serious . 
  that would be one way to do it . 
  that 's what the us does . 
  legally ireland is responsible for recovering the illegal state aid . 
  if apple does n't want to pay , ireland has to start seizing assets . 
  what bluff ? 
  if a member state wants to appeal a commission decision , it must still recover the illegal state aid . 
  the commission could fine ireland for non-compliance . 
  they just announced 17.9 billion us dollar profits for the last quarter . 
  i 'm pretty sure they could pay relatively quickly . 
  you guys on the other side of the pond believe it 's natural to have a gun . 
  we believe it 's natural to have a body . 
  quite easy . 
  still love you guys, 
  at least according to our emigration statistics it 's not correct . 
  last time the us were the number one destination was in 2004 ( us : 12,976 ; switzerland : 12,818 ) in 2015 - 18,266 germans moved to switzerland - 13,438 moved to the us - 10,239 to austria - 8,917 to the uk - 6,750 to turkey - 6,216 to spain - 5,863 to france - 5,536 to poland - 3,523 to australia - 3,384 to the netherlands -- disregard that , they do n't talk about a specific year , but about the total population in the foreign country . 
  in that case they might be correct . 
  for example in 1991 : - 1st destination , us : 12,586 - 2nd destination , netherlands : 5,156 1999 : - 1st destination , us : 15,312 - 2nd destination , poland : 10,935 we just love you guys . 
  if they get a different treatment we might have another case of illegal state aid . 
  risky game they are playing . 
  once these countries respectively their population realise that this increased interest is not genuine , but a way to divide the eu , that might backfire . 
  nobody wants to be a pawn that is only treated well to get some concessions out of the big players in the eu . 
  according to cnn she is currently preparing for the meeting : http://i2.cdn.cnn.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/140806121130-31-queen-elizabeth-ii-0806-restricted-horizontal-large-gallery.jpg, 
  embargo the gas trade and make clear that this is irreversible if russia does n't retreat immediately . 
  then use that blank cheque to build lng re-gasification plants , to build liquefaction plants in countries that have natural gas , and to buy a fleet of lng tankers . 
  unfortunately we have neither blank cheques nor the will to quit buying cheap energy from russia . 
   very soon after trump assumed control you mean after the network of shell companies that are totally not related to trump `` bought '' 19.5 % of rosneft . 
  correct . 
  same thing . 
  back then officers and the school reacted in a stupid and excessive way as well . 
  because they did n't call a bomb squad immediately . 
  they pulled him out of class , handcuffed and arrested the boy . 
  hours later . 
  if it would have been a bomb , they would be dead . 
  if they did n't consider it a bomb , why arrest him ? 
  i 'm pretty darn sure he would have told them about his hobby without handcuffs . 
  expats is the word high-skilled ( self-assessed ) and hipster immigrants form rich countries use for themselves . 
  the vast majority of expats are n't posted workers . 
  and most of them do n't plan to return to their home country anytime soon . 
  does n't matter what wikipedia is saying .
