  the limited market access works as a compensation for the market conditions that are defined by public interest instead of business interest . 
   but nobody is stopping france , italy and spain to create a common budget of their own and issue common debts in medbonds and suddenly france is no longer interested in that . 
   or been a total trainwreck ( frontex/schengen the minute there is any real challenge ) . 
  member states have n't handed over sovereignty in regards to borders . 
  border security always has been and continues to be the sole responsibility of the member states . 
  before frontex was reformed into the ebcg they had 0 law enforcement officers . 
  now they have very basic law enforcement capabilities , still not enough to do anything meaningful though . 
  do n't you remember the outcry from greece and the like when the eu wanted to give the ebcg the mandate to protect borders of member states against the will of the member state ? 
  eu members wanted frontex to be a statistics and coordination agency with zero law enforcement capabilities . 
  and that 's what they got . 
  do n't pretend that the eu fucked this up . 
   russian opposition that is being oppressed by the russian government already can claim asylum in any eu country , they would just need to prove that their human rights are in danger in russia . 
  and if they ca n't get a visa and wo n't enter the eu illegally they ca n't request asylum . 
   all eu countries are also in nato , except austria and finland , sweden , ireland , malta and cyprus . 
  to fill that with actual numbers : 2 % of gdp would have been 62.65 billion euro in 2016 . 
  the actual budget of the defence ministry was 37 billion euro . 
  so we were short 25.65 billion euro . 
  we also had a 23.7 billion euro budget surplus in 2016 . 
  if we ignore positive effects on the economy by an increased military spending we were short by less than 2 billion euro . 
  or in other words : if we would have added the budget surplus to the defence budget we would have spend 1.91 % of our gdp on defence . 
  ca n't afford shit my ass . 
  there 's a bazillion options between taking them with you and telling them to not move . 
  how about asking your parents to take care of your family while you try to secure them a life in europe ? 
  how about bringing them to a safe place and then try to make it to europe ? 
  and a lot of customers want predictable and affordable taxis that are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week . 
  customers also want taxis that wo n't reject them because the 500 meter trip between home and doctor is not worth the opportunity costs . 
  i live in a small town , last thursday i called a taxi at 3 am that drove me home . 
  no problem . 
  without a regulated taxi market i would have walked home . 
  because from a business perspective it just does n't make sense to provide coverage during these hours . 
  the taxi market is limited in size as a compensation for all the regulation taxi company have to adhere to . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  uber started as a provider of black luxury cars in san francisco . 
  back then a uber ride was pricier than a taxi ride . 
  only later they started uberx , which allowed everyone as drivers . 
  it 's a compromise that is necessary for things like limousine services or actual rental car companies that offer drivers . 
  in germany taxis are part of public transport . 
  for example they have to - organize 24/7 coverage in their mandatory service area - ca n't reject customers ( e.g. 
  drunks ) - ca n't reject trips ( e.g. 
  500 meter trips ) in the mandatory service area - ca n't negotiate prices in the mandatory service area rental cars with drivers do n't have to follow these rules . 
  in return they are only allowed to pick up customers that have already hired the driver . 
  they ca n't wait anywhere for new customers , they also ca n't pick up customers that wave a taxi on the street . 
  there 's a lot of rules that are common between taxis and rental cars with drivers . 
  health checks , car checks , insurances etc. 
  needless to say that many if not most uber drivers do n't comply with the rules . 
  neither the common rules nor the specific ones that apply to rental cars with drivers . 
  in germany we have specific legislation for the rental car with driver model . 
  and uber is precisely that . 
  the difference to a taxi service is that rental cars with drivers have to return to their business place immediately after finishing a ride if they do n't have preplanned trips or did n't get new customers via radio call ( yes , the legislation is quite old , an app is very likely covered by that ) . 
  they are not allowed to wait near air ports or concert venues , or to drive around waiting for a customer . 
  other things are similarly regulated to a taxi service . 
  the 5 does not stand for biased . 
  12.5 % on the 0.04 % ^ ^ \\* of the corporate income that is n't tax exempt . 
  -- ^ \\* only applies if you are a multi-billion dollar company and make some token investments, 
   what kind of a parent leaves behind their children like that ? 
  a parent that has read the eu family reunification directive ? 
  dumping people in italian ports after rescuing them on the sea and than saying `` they are not our problem , they are in italy not in our country '' ? 
  we are already following that lead . 
  almost all eu countries already participated in unhcr resettlement of syrians before the uk came up with the idea to resettle 20,000 syrians until 2020 . 
  ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/573dc82d4.pdf ), 
  they already do that . 
  or do you think the royal navy sails back to the uk when they rescue people ? 
   but anyway , it 's political as well , the more they give the less the eu takes away , sort of . 
  if they were giving less the eu would be harder on them . 
  the contributions to the eu budget do n't have such a factor . 
  budget contributions are not a bribe . 
  if that would be the case there would be a link between budget contributions and the amount of `` business in the eu '' . 
  language is the most important part of integration . 
  and in the end that 's what all these core culture debates are about . 
  you ca n't participate in german society if you only speak lithuanian . 
  trying to define core culture on a european level would lead to the most watered-down definition . 
  you know ` united in diversity ' . 
   i guess we will have many similar attacks next months . 
  attacks by judges ? 
   we wanted macron to win `` we '' primarily wanted le pen to lose . 
   the interior minister just recently came out with a ridiculous claim for a german `` lead culture '' , instead of a european one . 
  i can already see the european version of that pamphlet . 
  here in europe we speak bulgarian , croatian , czech , danish , dutch , english , estonian , finnish , french , german , greek , hungarian , irish , italian , latvian , lithuanian , maltese , polish , portuguese , romanian , slovak , slovenian , spanish and swedish . 
  so please learn at least one of these languages so you are able to communicate with people in europe ( we do n't care if you are able to communicate with people in germany , because we are europe too ), 
   besides , people act like the crisis is over - it 's not : there are still tens of thousands of migrants entering germany every month . 
  in april it was 11,952 people to be precise . 
  60,872 in the first four months of 2017 . http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2017/20170509-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-april.html;jsessionid=7e518d207539b054aaadb96c73af2c3a.1_cid286?nn=1362956, 
  says the american , where 1968 was the last federal election that had a turnout above 60 % . 
  you benefited !, 
  you got competetive devaluation/wage deflation !, 
  now pay the bill !, 
   i 'm wondering why they need to refound europe for that . 
  maybe they want a treaty change that says `` no more austerity for southern europe , but we wo n't give them a single cent when the next crisis hits and they can no longer inflate their economy by increased spending '' . 
   nor germany have the freedom of expression as a right . 
  article 5 of the german constitution disagrees . 
   ( 1 ) every person shall have the right freely to express and disseminate his opinions in speech , writing and pictures , and to inform himself without hindrance from generally accessible sources . 
  freedom of the press and freedom of reporting by means of broadcasts and films shall be guaranteed . 
  there shall be no censorship . 
   ( 2 ) these rights shall find their limits in the provisions of general laws , in provisions for the protection of young persons , and in the right to personal honour . 
   ( 3 ) arts and sciences , research and teaching shall be free . 
  the freedom of teaching shall not release any person from allegiance to the constitution . 
  is n't obamacare very similar to the german system ? 
  similar to germany having insurance is mandatory . 
  and like in germany contributions depend on income , unlike in germany also on age and location . 
  they miss the shared payment though .
