  the low-skill german , the low skill romanian and the low-skill syrian work for the exact same wage . 
   children do n't know what is being taken from them - that 's why there are child sex laws and if you are in the right eu country you can consent to sex when you are 14 . 
   as children we make mistakes . 
  we say the wrong things . 
  we have strong opinions that we forget about as we learn . 
  none of that should be recorded forever . 
  and if our parents allow us to have a facebook account , or we turn 16 , we suddenly stop making mistakes ? 
  you want to prevent that data from the past is saved forever ? 
  create legislation that does not allow companies to save data forever . 
  and explain to children and teenagers what the consequences of their actions are and how they can prevent them . 
  not allowing teenagers to create facebook accounts to protect them from privacy invasions is like not allowing them to have sex to prevent teenager pregnancies . 
  because they will ignore these prohibitions . 
  you know , like we did , when our parents did forbid things . 
  and next week the eu tries to find ways to encourage the creation of european startups . 
  how many of the people that come for shopping spend at least one night there ? 
  that 's usually what the statistics use to count a trip as tourism . 
  except she has n't turned . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed look at the date . 
  and then you continue because you do n't want to be the guy that is the first to stop . 
   i honestly just do n't know what the best method to tackle this issue is . 
  give the unhcr money , material and experts so they can tackle the issue . 
  the unhcr criticizes europe for erecting `` fortress europe '' because they know what will happen once that project is completed . 
  rich countries will again forget about the millions of refugees . 
  like before the current crisis , refugees will return to be the problem of poor countries . 
  around a third of the refugees ( i 'm not talking about economic migrants ) that are registered with the un are from syria . 
  yet these are the only ones the rich countries care about . 
  because they might come to europe . 
  and if they come to europe us citizens will notice . 
  it wo n't be popular in this sub , but europe has to chip in , for humanity . 
  we are the biggest economy in the world . 
  we can totally afford 7 billion euro a year to double the current budget of the unhcr . 
  we can also afford to create rapid deployment crews to construct the basic infrastructure of refugee camps . 
  heck , the german thw alone could manage that . 
  they already do that from time to time , they build a huge camp in jordan , including a fancy bridge over a river that split the camp in half . 
  and , now to the unpopular part , we can afford to resettle people who are in need . 
  for example refugees who need medical attention , refugees who are victims of torture and violence , children and young women that travel alone . 
  the eu as a whole could manage the resettlement of a few hundred thousand people per year with ease . 
  but all that wo n't happen . 
  because we ( and that includes germany and even merkel ) actually do n't give a single fuck about refugees as long as they do n't come to europe . 
  desperate people . 
  that 's who would believe that . 
  since they talk to smugglers they already want to go to europe . 
  they are just negotiating how much it 's worth . 
  that kind of logic does n't fool anyone anymore . 
  same-sex unions and even same-sex marriages have been around for too long in too many countries . 
  everybody has seen that all these `` predictions '' have not come true . 
  so they enter agreements that they do n't want to fulfill ? 
  and it is an issue with that particular court . 
  this is about the european court of human rights . 
  in that case russia should n't have ratified the european convention on human rights , and they should n't have joined the council of europe . 
  but they did . 
  so instead of restricting the power of the european court of human rights they should leave the council and terminate the convention . 
  but that would be too obvious . 
  because then even the most russian guy in russia would understand that russia does n't give a fuck about human rights . 
  when they just restrict the power of the european court the parliament can pretend that it 's just about removing foreign influence . 
  just leave the council of europe . 
  come back if you can cite articles . 
   they come to my hometown did they ? 
  or were they born there ? 
   the fully equipped top level professional drones by dji go for around $ 5k . 
  and how much flight time to they offer ? 
  15 minutes ? 
  i wish we would leave the eu . 
  apparently we cause every single eu crisis . 
  does anyone have an idea what drones they want to buy ? 
  they tell them what the people that pay them want to hear . 
  asylum seekers from the balkan continue to believe that they get interest free loans in germany so they can buy a house and a car for their family . 
  and of course they would get a well paid job immediately . 
   once hungary tried to help themselves , they were hissed at and called a bunch of nazis , remember ? 
  i do n't remember , can you link some of the statements ? 
  there are plenty of banned neo-nazi organizations . 
  but many of the organized neo-nazi groups are smart enough to not publicly use statements and symbols that directly connect them to nazi organizations . 
  and we obviously need evidence to ban organizations if they act against the constitution . 
  if we 're talking about demonstrations : the state basically looks for an excuse to not allow these , so the organizers make sure that everything that happens there is legal . 
  at these demonstration you will see plenty of people who have tape over their arms and legs because they have to cover tattoos that depict illegal nazi symbols . 
  you do n't need to be violent to stop someone from crushing you and others if you outnumber them by at least 4:1 . 
  so you want to injure and kill these rioters ? 
  i 'm an environmentalist , i 'm not a pacifist , in fact i would like my country to get more military involved . 
  am i acting against god 's will ? 
  or who makes these rules ? 
  and now that she changed course , the asylum crisis will end . 
  if \\ / r/europe is right , the migration crisis will stop . 
  because it 's all merkels fault , now that she changed course , asylum seekers do n't want to come to europe anymore . 
  he said that about the train that went to the hungarian camp , while the asylum seekers thought it will go to austria . 
  similar to the trains that went to auschwitz , while people were told that they are merely resettled to eastern europe . 
  according to \\ / r/europe the migration crisis will stop very soon . 
  because it was singlehandedly caused by merkels statement in late august 2015 . 
  and the crisis only continues to be a thing because merkel welcomes everyone . 
  now that merkel has changed course , the crisis will stop . 
   she permanently damaged both the legal immigration system in europe and the asylum system , by letting 1 million refugees go through europe . 
  last time i checked germany does n't have control over greek , macedonian , serbian , hungarian , croatian , slovenian and austrian borders . 
  looks like it was other countries that let people go through europe . 
  fun fact : according to eurostat , 101,000 people requested asylum in hungary between q2/2014 and q2/2015 . 
  merkels invitation and her opening of all european borders happened in late august 2015 . 
   the people havent voted for their favorite party , they voted against their least favorite party . 
  so like the protest voters that usually vote for the right nationalists ? 
  democracies that do n't elect the parties i like suck !, 
   just look at tactics south korean police is trained at i 'm sure that works great during training when the protestors are police officers who do n't want to hurt anyone . 
  good luck doing that when fireworks and cobble stones are thrown at you and you have to run around burning barricades . 
  german online news reported about the riots in leipzig yesterday afternoon/evening .
