  with the eu-turkey deal we have something that is very close to the australian solution , limited to one of the major routes . 
  but for some reason a lot of people do n't like that either , because it gives the country that hosts your asylum seekers the chance to blackmail you . 
  but you just said that poles are leaving western europe in droves because western europe is such a shitty place . 
  on the one hand media is able to control the population and change their opinions with ease . 
  on the other hand right and centrist media moguls have to create left wing media because the population will only buy left wing outlets . 
  i guess you have embraced pis propaganda to the full extent . 
  [ 28 days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6hykwr/gazproms_proposed_measures_to_remedy_competition/dj24tze/ ) you said that we , i.e. 
  everyone in poland , opposed nord stream 2 . 
  now you - like everyone in poland - wishes hungary the best of luck with their pipeline . 
  so there are two options . 
  it 's either all about transfer fees that poland will lose if gas imports shift to nord stream , or you - like everyone in poland - has embraced the v4 concept of flexible solidarity to the full extent . 
  my bet would be on moscow . 
  somewhere in this area : https://www.google.com/maps/place/ul.+novokosinskaya,+1,+moskva,+russland,+111673/@55.7337607,37.8547478,3a,75y,135.38h,101.98t/data=!3m9!1e1!3m7!1sq-xcpuxcm6pbquqhavswza!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!9m2!1b1!2i18!4m5!3m4!1s0x414aca6adc4237df:0xd76e9ec6ae23c75e!8m2!3d55.7320958!4d37.8546474, 
  the bigger problem is that the justice minister will be able to fire judges at any time . 
  because if a judge does n't want to be fired he better rule like the justice minister , i.e. 
  the ruling party , wants . 
  and apparently poland also introduced a bill that will purge 83 judges when the bill goes into law . 
  in germany judges can not be fired that easily . 
  breach of duty , dishonorable behavior , and conviction to a prison sentence of more than 6 respectively 12 months are basically the only reasons to dismiss a judge . 
  needless to say that this does n't happen often . 
  besides in the case of the prison sentence it 's also another court that decides if the judge has to be dismissed . 
  that 's why saying `` the german system is similar '' while only looking at the selection process is dishonest . 
  -- but according to many the selection part of the german system needs reform too . 
  if you reform your system there might be better options than the german judge selection system . 
   whataboutism is a propaganda technique formerly used by the soviet union in its dealings with the western world , and subsequently used as a form of propaganda in post-soviet russia . 
  when criticisms were leveled at the soviet union , the soviet response would be `` what about ... '' followed by an event in the western world . 
  it is a case of tu quoque ( appeal to hypocrisy ) , a logical fallacy that attempts to discredit an opponent 's position by charging them with hypocrisy without directly refuting or disproving their argument . 
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism, 
  should have stopped with the reform , instead of adding a purge of judges that are n't loyal to the ruling party . 
  the muslim invasion can only be stopped if the media and all judges are loyal to pis !, 
   of course they do , they have the majority in parliament and they can pass any law . 
  that 's the beauty of democracy in action . 
  that 's why you should have separation of powers to prevent or at least limit the severity of the ` tyranny of the majority ' effect . 
   it 's certain that whatever other party wins the next election it will use the new laws to full extend to their favour and not repel them . 
  so why not do some reforms that prevent exactly that ? 
  so future governments ca n't do purges in courts and in the media . 
  instead of relying on an eternal cycle of `` it 's okay the previous government did the same '' . 
  nazi nazi nazi !, 
  if it were just me we would n't have that conversation . 
  looks like large parts of the eu , and i 'm talking about actual eu level politicians , not reddit user with eu member flags , think similarly . 
  maybe you missed it , but your country agreed to certain democratic standards when it joined the eu . 
  if poland leaves the eu they can turn your country into whatever they want . 
  they can be the turkey of eastern europe or the belarus of central europe . 
  poland 's choice . 
  but they have to invoke article 50 first . 
  if poland wants to stay in the eu i 'll demand that they adhere to western democratic standards . 
  how about judges that were appointed by communists that are n't actually corrupt ? 
  i 'm sure poland has procedures to put corrupt judges on trial to remove them from their positions . 
  i doubt that a turkey-style purge is necessary to get rid of corruption . 
  but such a purge is certainly necessary to seize power . 
   the average age was 60 and we did n't want to cause any issues . 
  they on the other hand had no problems to cause issues for you . 
  old people are able to get up early too , so they can just man the sunbeds at 5 in the morning , no need to block them with towels . 
  if you 're not such a madman to forcefully remove innocent towels yourself , talk to the hotel staff . 
  they generally do n't like that behaviour either . 
  but they wo n't stop paying guest from doing it if no other paying guests complain . 
  or just throw all the towels in your vicinity on a big pile and tell the confused and angry germans that hotel staff did it . 
  with hundreds of senior figures in the eu you can easily find some who believe that the uk should be granted every opt-out they want . 
  the real question is how much influence these senior figures have , and if that influence would be enough to change the stand of the eu . 
  and that 's what i doubt . 
   this is one of the things the eu is for , you fucking tard . 
  but it ca n't fulfil that . 
  du to the principle of unanimity one veto is enough to stop procedures against poland . 
  and that veto will come from hungary . 
  and when there are procedures against hungary , poland will veto . 
  looks like nobody expected that 2 eu members are on a similar path simultaneously . 
  ~ ~ polish ~ ~ pis arguments are so predictable . 
  it 's alway `` previous government did the same '' , `` just propaganda from axel springer owned media '' and `` germans hate poland '' . 
  how about some reforms that make it once and for all impossible that every government places party-loyal members in courts and in the media ? 
   poland is about to change the way of choosing the judges that would better match other european countries . 
  and coincidentally reform is only possible if you dismiss all 83 of them regardless of their remaining tenure and replace them with judges that are loyal to the party . 
  poor pis . 
  they want to make innocent reforms but are always forced to seize more power while doing these reforms . 
  not every member state is an autocracy . 
  naturally autocracies in the eu will eventually start to attack the eu so the population is diverted away from the seizure of power that happens in their country . 
  if you would have waited another hour until the 24 hour ban is over , you could have started a `` separation of powers of europe '' series . 
  poland has veto rights in the eu . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  when was the last time a european country replaced a comparable number of judges regardless of their remaining tenure ? 
  because we have to live with poland in a union ? 
  maybe it 's becoming a role model of europe . 
  theresa may suggested to leave the european convention on human rights . 
  guess which is the only relevant european country that is n't currently part of it ? 
  that 's right , belarus . 
   people are so overly sensitive nowadays . 
  yep . 
  they even get enraged by gender neutral language . 
   right , the fact that they speak similar language and border them , while being white christians , makes them unable to be refugees fleeing from war and prosecution right ? 
  the fact that these `` refugees '' are safe from persecution in large parts of ukraine means they are not refugees . 
  that 's why poland gives them working visa instead of refugee status . 
  the refugee relocation scheme of the eu would be solely about actual refugees that would qualify for refugee status in poland . 
  not economic migrants . 
  how many of these ukrainian refugees received asylum status ? 
  and how many received working visa ? 
  are there many eu-27 airlines that make use of cabotage in the uk ? 
  because if there are n't , the best chance to get full cabotage rights in the eu is if the uk tries to make an air transport agreement part of the brexit negotiations . 
  there 's also a good chance that the uk wants to discuss air cabotage rights as part of a bigger cabotage deal . 
  freight haulers from the eu will certainly have an interest in keeping their current cabotage rights in the uk . 
  so the uk could get air cabotage rights in the eu by offering road freight cabotage rights to the eu . 
  the number of agreements that have to be renegotiated is not small .
