  switzerland and norway follow that one thing that currently seems to be the biggest issue for brexit-supporters . 
  freedom of movement for workers . 
  reforming that part is probably the one part that france wo n't accept at all . 
  by adopting plenty of eu legislation to be part of the single market . 
  i know you do n't care , but i 'm sure plenty of the brexit-supporters care a lot about things like freedom of movement for workers . 
  the rest of the eu could easily outvote germany and france in every single vote . 
  now and even after we became one country . 
  because 170 of 751 votes in the eu parliament is still not a majority . 
  and 1 of 27 votes in the eu commission is n't a majority either . 
  for fucks sake , the almighty v4 has more seats in the eu parliament than germany . 
  but of course germany singlehandedly decides for the eu . 
  looks like asylum seekers are n't the only ones who are not well informed about the situation . 
  he wo n't get a house in germany either . 
  single male asylum seekers have to live in shared bedrooms for months . 
  nowadays these `` shared bedrooms '' are often sports halls or old supermarkets . 
  the german asylum process is also the longest in the whole eu . 
  and at the end there wo n't be asylum if they ca n't prove that they are persecuted . 
  that means no work permit either . 
  remember how starting september 2015 , denmark cut the benefits payment to just half of what it was before ? 
  they cut that to 797 euro for a single asylum seeker without children . 
  in germany , an asylum seeker who lives in a central asylum facility receives 143 euro pocket money . 
  once they leave that facility they get 216 on top of that , a whopping total of 359 euro . 
  after 15 months in germany an asylum seeker enter the regular welfare system , and receives the cushy amount of 392 euro and rent for a small and cheap apartment . 
  with that amount of money he wo n't be able to attend disco that often . 
  by taking the boat ride . 
  that 's basically the only way to enter the eu without a visa . 
  any evidence or just wishful thinking ? 
  just 26 more to go . 
   the eu has explicitly made a decision to adopt its present border control policy , for good or for ill . no , not at all . 
  the eu requires countries to control their border . 
  that 's what the dublin regulations are for . 
  the country where an asylum seeker has entered the eu is responsible for that asylum seeker . 
  countries with external borders have simply failed to control their borders . 
  there is no eu policy that tells them to let everyone in uncontrolled . 
   i do n't know what europe 's restrictions are like , but the us explicitly bans the federal government from using the army to enforce law-and-order in the us , short of an outright rebellion happening , via the posse comitatus act . 
  if there are european equivalents , this would crash into those . 
  that 's also a matter of each member state . 
  it would be against the constitution in germany if the military would act as a police force . 
  they can assist local law enforcement though . 
   military probably is n't as good at this as police . 
  the military is trained to fight wars . 
  since nation building was put on the agenda of the military , they are trained to act as police as well . 
  at least in germany they are trained in crowd control and similar things that would be very useful for policing the borders . 
   putting military , especially foreign military , in a law enforcement capacity is risky . 
  indeed . 
  countries are already reluctant against being forced to accept frontex operations in their country . 
  sending the military would be met with even greater resistance . 
   if nato members want to request assistance outside of nato channels from other nato members , that 's one thing , though i honestly doubt that it would make sense here . 
  that already happens . 
  there 's operation sophia , an attempt to stop smuggling routes in the mediterranean sea . 
  the mission consists of a multinational eu force . 
  there 's also operation triton , a frontex run operation that uses military assets from eu member states . 
  i wonder what 's that magic mechanism that would allow for example slovenia to close its borders immediately after germany did the same , but it does n't allow them to close its borders without germany doing it first . 
  either slovenia has the capacity to do it or they do n't . 
  if they have that , they could do it now . 
  if they do n't have the capacity they are fucked once germany closes its border . 
  but it 's a great excuse `` we do n't do anything because germany does n't do anything . 
  so it 's all germany 's fault '' . 
   and it is highly unlikely , that the laws were proposed with the current situation in mind . 
  indeed . 
  the current laws are based on rules that were proposed with literally another world war in mind . 
  according to tory mp peter bone and tory philip hollobone there was . 
  i 'm not sure if i trust them with presenting eu proposals in a proper way . 
  especially as they like to add `` and underlines why the best future for britain lies outside the eu . '', 
  to their statements . 
  the only news media ( that i can find via google news ) that report about that are the daily mail , daily star , telegraph , and the sun . 
  not the most trustworthy either . 
  so the uk wants to leave the council of europe as well ? 
  yes , the telegraph works towards the uk leaving the eu . 
  here 's what the eu actually said : `` dublin does n't work , so we will scrap the current rules and make new one . 
  and the uk has to decide if it wants to opt in to these new rules . 
  but we currently do n't know what this system would look like as we have not presented it . '', 
  asylum has nothing to do with an immigration policy . 
  canada has ratified the un refugee convention . 
  that means if single men would request asylum while in canada , canada has to choose between treating them equal to women or violating the refugee convention . 
  canada does resettlement only . 
  and unless you want to relocate a couple million people you always have to be picky . 
  if you have to be picky , you should resettle people in need first . 
  people with chronic illness , victims of torture , children , young women traveling alone , families . 
  then there are plenty other groups , and only somewhere at the very end come young able-bodied single men . 
  it 's not one of the reasons . 
  it 's the only reason . 
  when germany and other eu countries participated in the unhcr resettling program they choose people in need as well . 
  if they appear in your country you can no longer do that . 
  since canada ratified the un refugee convention , they wo n't be able to do that either . 
   it is perfect for the refugee crisis . 
  the military is already involved in the crisis . 
  and as it turns out they are perfect for shuttling shipwrecked migrants to italy 's shores . 
  the problem is not the lack of staff . 
  the problem is that the only place where you can bring migrants to is the eu . 
  they paid for an expensive entry ticket . 
  if you pay for a 5 star hotel and you get a 1 star hotel you 'll get demanding too . 
   well what would you have us do ? 
  do n't let people in that do n't request asylum in slovenia ? 
  you know , the whole ordeal of protection the outer schengen border . 
  state police is not financed by the federal government . 
  it 's paid by each of the 16 german states . 
  and the states are financially independent from the federal government by law . 
  they ca n't ask for more money from sch\u00e4uble to pay more police officers . 
  the states just get a part of the federal tax income that was paid in that state .
