  or will greece just elect another government that promises to lower taxes , increase pensions , hire more government workers and cut back on tax and bribery enforcement ? 
  by being a country that has an important pipeline run through it ? 
  ukraine has a couple of those . 
  and they were n't actually thriving pre-invasion . 
  or are there other projects i am missing ? 
  yeah , that 's the problem with adopting the `` way of life '' of your new home country . 
  the `` way of life '' is either stereotypes or outright impossible to define . 
  it usually boils down to following the law and learn german . 
  the first is enforced by police and courts , the latter is more or less their very own problem . 
  i do n't lose much if someone is not able to communicate with me in german . 
  i probably wo n't talk to them anyway . 
  they are the ones that ca n't live without a translator . 
  i guess they would prefer that treatment to the way some idiots greeted refugees a few days ago in hoyerswerda , saxony , germany . 
  someone threw a petrol bomb at a sports hall which houses a provisional refugee center . 
  luckily they did n't hit a window or something and their attempt just burned some pavement in front of the hall . 
  when do we get to see the black holes that were promised ? 
   also shitty roads according to the dutch . 
  and each night , well integrated immigrants take their pickaxes and make sure it stays that way . 
   similar situation in brain-drained parts of eastern germany , dumb fucks voting for far right nazi parties . 
  at least the parties here do a decent job at self-demolition . 
  if they would n't act so stupid they could probably reach 30 % in saxony state elections . 
  they tend to overdo the nazism part . 
  and saxony is actually not that hardcore nazi . 
  just a little bit . 
  so they lose voters rather quickly . 
  same will happen to the afd . 
  lucke should hurry a bit so the afd breaks into nazi-afd and anti-eu-afd before the state elections . 
  by eu law they only have to offer the right to withdrawal until you started the download . 
  if the content distributor tells you that your right to withdrawal ends with the start of the download and you press the `` download '' button , you have lost your right to withdrawal . 
  everything beyond that is up to the seller . 
  because german police will protect pegida-demonstrators from attacking counter-demonstrators . 
  are west germans afraid of being attacked by muslim youth for voting npd ( the german neo-nazi party ) ? 
  because npd is much stronger in regions that do n't have many immigrants . 
  last time i voted it was totally secret . 
  not even muslim youth could see how i voted . 
   what i mean is , a mexican immigrant coming to the us should n't demand that schools operate the mexican way no , they should n't demand them . 
  but if the law allows non-public schools they can build them and make sure these schools conform to the relevant local laws . 
  and if they conform to the laws why should n't they have this school ? 
  if we can have waldorf schools i do n't see a problem with mexican schools . 
  and guess what . 
   totallly agree , i plan to emigrate and i would ajust to that country 's way of life . 
  to which country , and how would you describe their way of life ? 
  if you do n't eat bratwurst , play soccer , listen to volksmusik , watch tatort , drink beer , and say scheisse a lot we do n't want you in deutscheland !, 
   if the uk leaves the eu ( which i hope ) we will obviously keep trading with you as it will be in the british national interest and the dutch national interest to do so . 
  and that trade would fall under the common customs tariff of the eu . 
  the netherlands ca n't change tariffs and quotas for trade with the uk . 
  from the article you quoted :  some 44 percent of the turkish migrant population lives below the national poverty line ( 372 euros per month ) in the country , according to \u015een . 
  `` these people do not know what to do , where to go . 
  they are not considering returning to turkey as they are afraid of not finding any jobs there either , '' \u015een said  however , \u015een said some 55,000 or 65,000 people per year are expected to return to turkey in the future if equal employment requirements are not met . 
  i 'm pretty sure hartz 4 in germany is better than being unemployed in turkey . 
  or maybe the correlation between religion and crime just does n't exist ? 
  turks leave , but 2014 there were still more than 1,500,000 turks in germany . 
  so one suspect for every 18 people . 
  674,000 poles were in germany . 
  or one suspect for every 16 people . 
  and 355,343 romanians , one suspect for every 8 people . 
  ( yes , i am simply ignoring cross-border crime . 
  the result counts ) germany is already changing . 
  crime by foreigners is increasing . 
  we do n't need refugees for that . 
  fellow eu citizens already have that covered . 
  and no my eastern european friends , i 'm not implying that you are all criminal . 
  i know very well that crime does not correlate with nationality either . 
  crime is almost entirely a problem of lack of wealth . 
  yeah . 
  i should have added a couple '' * some * '' and '' * not all are like that , but * '' . 
   you can pretend that immigrants from mena countries are the same like those from eastern europe , but you and i both know that is not true . 
  and crime stats confirm it : as far as statistics are concerned an immigrant from eastern europe is still an immigrant . 
  if i look at the german crime statistic i see this : non-german suspects in 2014 : - turkey : 83,472 - romania : 47,435 - poland : 43,898 there are way more turks in germany than romanians and poles . 
  -- the correlation between crime and social status is much stronger than the correlation between crime and nationality or even crime and religion . 
  if you compare a polish 18 year old unemployed and a syrian 18 year old unemployed their chance of committing crimes is basically the same . 
  and it 's a lot higher than the chance that a 40 year old engineer from poland respectively syria commits crimes . 
  since most immigrants are poor , the chance that an immigrant is a criminal is obviously higher . 
  to get german citizenship you require b1 level of german . 
  personally i could n't care less if someone speaks german . 
  i have no interest in communicating with someone who is not willing to communicate with me . 
  they are the ones that wo n't be able to act independent of their translator . 
  but in parts we have the government to blame that migrants and refugees do n't speak german well . 
  while their status is undecided asylum seekers usually do n't get access to language and integration courses . 
  as we recently learned in germany it takes 7 months until an application is decided . 
  i live right next to 4 families of syrian unhcr quota refugees , everyone speaks german . 
  because they are quota refugees they have special rights and benefits . 
  one of these benefits is immediate access to language and integration courses . 
  i do n't think there are many refugees who would refuse to take a language and integration course . 
  integration failures are not always the fault of the immigrant . 
  i 'm making that specific quote up . 
  but a couple days ago in of the many immigrant threads there was a romanian citizen ( sniper777 or something like that ) complaining about refugees that come to europe . 
  i looked in his post history . 
  he posted in / european that people should stay in their home countries to fix them instead of moving to rich countries . 
  he complained about economic migration on a daily base . 
  i went a couple pages back in his post history . 
  he lives in the usa . 
  people from eastern europe play back the same stupid prejudices they get in western europe . 
  a pole who said that refugees in sweden are stealing cars was my personal highlight . 
   yet migrants , even qualified ones , still seem to prefer the uk any source on that ? 
  if i look at the [ british statistics ( table 1 ) ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/migration1/migration-statistics-quarterly-report/may-2015/stb-msqr-may-2015.html#tab-1--net-migration-to-the-uk ) immigration in 2013 was 526,000 people and net migration was 209,000 . 
  compared to [ germany ( german , table 1-1 , page 13 ) ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/broschueren/2014/migrationsbericht_2013_de.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) which had 1,200,000 immigrants and a net migration of 428,000 . 
  and it 's not just because we take so many refugees . 
  if you look at the german migration to and from eu only we got 707,000 immigrants and 422,000 migrants , so a net immigration of 285,000 . 
   if they fail to learn german within five years of arrival , they need to leave .
