  we are finally able to station german frontex officers in greece . 
  it has all played out very well !, 
  in that case these sovereign states have to leave schengen . 
  because it has turned out that relying on the abilities and willingness of individual member states is not enough to protect the schengen area . 
  no problem , they just have to leave schengen and they are safe from the occupational eu force . 
  as we currently see , schengen does n't work if the borders are protected by individual members . 
  so there are two options left , eu force that does n't need consent from member states , or abolish schengen . 
  who cares . 
  currently we have exactly 0 eu staff for how many kilometers of external border . 
  the eu border police wo n't replace national border police . 
  so you think it will be a coalition of one ? 
  in the uk particularly : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/working_tax_credit in germany we have something with the same effect . 
  if the monthly household income is not enough to support the household , the state will pay what is needed to reach that minimum livable level . 
  that 's available for eu citizens too . 
  so if a eu citizen with a large family works in a low wage job , he or she will get in-work benefits to raise the household income to the minimum required level . 
  if said person would n't work , they would not qualify for these benefits or any other welfare . 
  tl ; dr benefits that you can only get when you have a job . 
  eu citizens who have not worked for a considerable time ( e.g. 
  24 months ) in the country can only claim these benefits . 
  just have to make sure that the runway is very clean . 
  i 've heard uwe boll has time . 
  just against the obsessive self-centeredness that comes from there . 
  the digital single market is not an idea that was created to appease the brits . 
  * directive 2006/123/ec of the european parliament and of the council * already mentions services that are provided via the internet . 
  there is also the eu e-commerce directive , dating back to 2000 . 
  and back in 1997 , the eu [ published the following piece about their newest initiative ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-97-313_en.htm?locale=en ) :  the european commission today adopted a communication entitled `` a european initiative on electronic commerce '' . 
  it identifies four key areas where action must be taken and implemented by the year 2000 if europe is to benefit from this new and rapidly developing way of doing business . 
  first , widespread , affordable access to the infrastructure , products and services needed for electronic commerce must be provided through secure and easy-to-use technologies and services and reliable , high-capacity telecommunications networks . 
  ** second , a coherent regulatory structure within the eu , based on single market principles , must be ensured . 
  ** third , a favourable business environment must be fostered by promoting relevant skills and raising awareness . 
  fourth , there must be a compatible and coherent regulatory framework at the global level . 
   [ ... ]  electronic commerce refers to any activity which involves enterprises interacting and doing business with customers , with each other or with administrations by electronic means . 
    it includes electronic ordering of goods and services which are delivered using traditional channels such as post or couriers ( indirect electronic commerce ) , on-line ordering , payment and ** delivery of intangible goods and services such as software , electronic magazines , entertainment services and information services ( direct electronic commerce ) ** , electronic fund transfers , electronic share trading , electronic bills of lading , commercial auctions , collaborative design and engineering , on-line sourcing , public procurement , direct consumer marketing and after-sales service . 
  so in 1997 the eu concluded that the delivery of entertainment services over the internet should work like a single market . 
  but of course running netflix with single market principles , is just an idea that the eu came up with to make the uk stay . 
  yep . 
  the eu should stop making laws that are good for eu citizens . 
  that 's just too desperate . 
  sure thing . 
  everything the eu does is to prevent that the greatest empire of all leaves us . 
  everything . 
  so why does n't eastern europe take them , process their applications and then deport the ones that do n't require protection ? 
  the eu plan is about 160,000 people from italy , greece and hungary . 
  not more people . 
  not from other countries . 
  not per year . 
  nothing . 
  160,000 people one time . 
  if there is need for more there will be a new plan . 
  that new plan can be vetoed . 
  vetoing a plan about a set number of people because of fears that resettling 160,000 people actually means resettling everyone is just an excuse . 
  you know what 's also good for the country ? 
  if its smart people work in decision making positions in other countries . 
  the hungarian engineer who works in a german company might be the reason why that company chooses a supplier in hungary over one in slovakia . 
   to be honest the amount of migrants italy would get from a resettlement programme is probably minimal compared to its population . 
  italy would get none . 
  the whole point of the eu refugee plan is to relieve italy and greece , and before they let everyone continue to austria , hungary . 
  the eu wants to take 160,000 refugees from italy and greece and resettle them to other countries . 
  you are very funny . 
  the first economic sanctions against russia/crimea were put in place in july 2014 . 
  they were then reinforced in september 2014 . 
  in march 2015 , the european council linked the duration of these sanctions to the complete implementation of the minsk agreements . 
  the eu came up with refugee resettlement plans in late april 2015 . 
   and allowing migrants with no id to walk all the way to germany . 
  we are very sorry that we do n't invade turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , slovenia and austria to get control over their borders . 
  merkel has been blamed a lot on this sub . 
  but this is definitely the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  as if germany has any control over a border that is n't german . 
  let me quote martin schulz ( [ interview ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article149696117/die-europaeische-union-ist-in-gefahr.html ) ) , translation by me :  die welt : do we need more commitment to the preservation of the union ? 
    schulz : certainly . 
  but what we see is this : at first many governments agree to transfer sovereignty to the european union . 
  subsequently they complain about undue interference in national sovereignty and block a common eu approach . 
  and exactly the same then complain that the eu does n't solve the problems we are facing . 
  nobody has to wonder at the poor image of the eu, 
  remember the reaction of eastern europe when the eu wanted to resettle refugees from italy and greece ? 
  and if you do n't stop cars while wearing such a vest you wo n't get fined . 
  and if you stop cars without wearing such a vest you will be fined . 
  i believe the guiding principle should be `` everyone is equal in front of the law '' . 
  if it 's only about wearing something , `` pussy police '' and `` sharia police '' have to have the same outcome . 
  if it 's not illegal , it 's not illegal . 
  no matter who defendant is . 
  you should n't bend laws to stop intolerance . 
  it 's okay because he was alone . 
  if two of them would patrol the demonstration everybody would think they are real police !, 
  because real police always in groups !, 
  just set a fucking date , so we can all meet and compare germany to , let 's say romania . 
   50 % of germans are afraid of stating their stance on the refugee issues publically , scared of being labelled racist . 
   according to research done by the afd facebook page . 
  so you want to say that the only thing that stops a german from attacking buildings that host refugees , is the lack of such buildings ? 
  yes , if you write `` refugge [ sic ] fuck off \u534d '' ** on a building sheltering asylum seekers ** , it counts as an attack . 
  you thought that abolishing one of the main pillars of the eu , freedom of movement for workers , which includes non-discrimination of said workers , would not be a problem for the eu ? 
  lol, 
  when was the last time russia threatened to cut off a country that pays its bills ? 
  western europe bought gas from russia during the high times of the cold war . 
  the energy trade was never used as a leverage . 
   the rejected will just go underground . 
  i thought they all come for the generous welfare system ? 
  what we call `` eu freedom of movement '' is actually `` eu freedom of movement for workers '' . 
  if you go by the letter of the law , you must be a worker to settle in another country . 
  and countries are not allowed to discriminate against eu workers .
