  what do you think kids do on school trips ? 
  there 's school trips where you are away for a week . 
  and then there are these multiple hour educational visits of things like museums , opera houses or mosques . 
  you are talking about the former . 
  everyone else about the latter . 
  or just talk to the school about it . 
  i 'm pretty sure they could have arranged something . 
  like the child attending school in his parallel class , while his own class is visiting the mosque . 
  when i was in school we sometimes had people from other classes learn with us for a day because they did n't go on the school trip for whatever reason . 
   not to be a nuclear engineer that for sure except if you specialize on decommissioning ... 
   i read the last part of your comment as `` concrete pole . '', 
  here 's a [ german website ] ( http://eduard-heindl.de/energy-storage/energiespeicher-erneuerbare.html ) from a guy who believes that we could lift massive granite cylinders as energy storage . 
  a granite cylinder of 1000 meter diameter and 1000 meter height can store the daily electricity demand of germany if you lift it by 500 meters . 
  according to him we already have the technology to construct storage like this . 
  though the system still uses water , which is put under pressure by the granite . 
  i guess gears just have a lot of friction . 
   just goes to show its not the idea , its the will to execute it . 
  the abilities to execute it . 
  ideas are worthless if you ca n't execute them properly . 
  here 's another crazy idea : if you lift a granite cylinder with a 1000 meter diameter and a height of 1000 meter by 500 meter you can save the electrical energy germany consumes in one day . 
  german site about that idea : http://eduard-heindl.de/energy-storage/energiespeicher-erneuerbare.html, 
  because people continue to buy shitty products from western corporations . 
  that 's the point . 
  if people would stop to buy that stuff , there would be competition . 
  to secure the precarious job market ( s ) german policymakers have just raised minimum wage for 2017 . 
   i would also like to mention that there is no escaping from this , methinks . 
  how about not buying shitty products you do n't like instead of asking the government to enact unenforceable rules ? 
  the question is why kindergartens should be exempt from following the law . 
  in this case gema acts on behalf of vg musikedition . 
  vg musikedition acts on behalf of the creators of sheet music . 
  these are the actual assholes . 
  just do n't copy sheet music made by assholes . 
  but it 's a pointless discussion . 
  obviously everyone who wants to get compensated for their work is an asshole . 
   surely this is something the eu should be regulating against ? 
  and how would that regulation look like ? 
  do you want to force businesses to sell every product in every single eu country or what ? 
  if you do n't like it , do n't buy it . 
   the problem here is that product manufactured in poland for v4 and baltics has not the same quality as product produced in germany for german speaking countries and italy . 
    there is a lot national parliaments can actually do if they would cooperate with other parliaments an improved five-year plan ? 
   pedophilia is having sex with minors no it is n't . 
  pedophilia is a psychiatric disorder in which adults are sexually attracted to prepubescent children . 
  the thing where age of consent is relevant is called statutory rape . 
  having sex with someone who has n't reached age of consent yet . 
   i still remember the case where they went juristically after a kindergarten actually gema just sent a letter to each and every kindergarten in germany to tell them about the current legal situation regarding sheet music . 
  which is that nobody is ever allowed to copy them without a permit . 
  at the same time they offered them a way to make legal copies . 
  that fee is currently 61 $ for 500 copies a year . 
  public kindergartens get a 20 % rebate . 
  did gema hack into youtube or how did they block these videos ? 
   but for the music that our band was playing . 
  of course . 
  people like to complain about that , but they miss the point that not only the active band members are gema members . 
  composers and lyricists are gema members as well . 
  since they do n't go on stage they do n't get money for gigs . 
  but via gema they get a compensation for that . 
  artists if all artists would leave gema , gema would be dead pretty quick . 
  because gema and youtube could not agree on a deal , i.e. 
  most likely the fee per view . 
   the way gema takes and redistributes money for digital content is at best insanely inefficient . 
  it 's about the opposite of a social system : take money from all the artists and then redistribute it to them , but those who pay a lot get even more out of it . 
  it 's a system for the people who make the majority of revenue , not the majority of creators . 
  almost like it 's not a social system but a system where creators are paid for their creations . 
  what a strange language . 
  it 's always a great idea to encourage the surveyed person to lie . 
   so are these subsidies the method that governments are using to keep the cost of renewable power excessively high for the future ? 
  not the cost . 
  the surcharge is used to keep the revenue of the providers of renewable energy higher than they would be . 
  the surcharge is paid for every kwh electric energy consumed in germany , no matter the source of the electricity . 
  you pay as much surcharge for a kwh nuclear energy as you pay for a kwh wind or solar energy . 
  the idea of the surcharge is to make investing in renewables more attractive . 
  because the government guarantees that you will receive a predictable amount of money for every kwh you produce . 
  you do n't have to care about selling it yourself , you do n't have to care about the amount of solar others install . 
  the government even forces the energy markets to buy your electricity first . 
  so you can predict how much you 'll get out of your investment in renewables , which makes them pretty attractive . 
  which is kind of the goal . 
  the actual cost per kwh of renewables is constantly decreasing . 
  which means that on the other hand , to keep the payouts per kwh to producers stable , the surcharge has to increase . 
  for now . 
  the price the government guarantees per kwh for producers of renewables was always planned to decrease , and it actually has decreased quite a lot for certain energy sources . 
  from time to time the government adjusts the decrease factor according to the capacity that was installed in certain sectors . 
  the more renewable electricity is installed the faster the price will decrease . 
  lets take solar as an example . 
  payouts have peaked in 2013 , 28,785 gwh were created and 14.53 billion euro were paid to creators of solar energy , average payment was 32.5 cent per kwh . 
  in 2014 33,001 gwh were created but only 10.23 billion euro were paid , with an average payout of 31.0 cent per kwh . 
  but in 2002 , average payout was 50.3 cent per kwh , but since there was less photovoltaic installed , only 82 million were paid out to producers for 162 gwh of electricity produced . 
  because of these high initial payouts in the early years photovoltaic capacity almost doubled yearly . 
  we went from 162 gwh produced by solar in 2002 to 25,394 gwh produced by solar in 2012 . 
  almost all countries have such organizations . 
  this wiki article has a list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/performance_rights_organisation the difference is that they could agree on a deal with youtube . 
  gema said no to the offer youtube made . 
   howcome poland , much weaker politically , doesnt have such restrictions ? 
  because zaiks , the polish version of gema , could agree on a deal with youtube . 
  http://www.zaiks.org.pl/835,111,nowa_umowa_z_youtube_juz_obowiazuje first paragraph translated by google translate :  please be advised that came into force a new agreement concluded by the association of zaiks controlled by google inc. . youtube . 
  analogous to similar agreements in force in other countries , the agreement introduces a new model settlement with authors , in accordance with the licenses multiterytorialnymi imposed by the eu `` directive on collective management of copyright and licensing of multi-territorial online . '', 
  i was asking about refugees , not migrants who get work permits . 
  otherwise germany is first in taking migrants in the eu , with something around 2 million migrants moving to germany in 2015 . 
  685,485 of them being eu citizens , among them 147,910 poles . 
   such approach has a definition : hipocrysy . 
  how do you call the approach of asking for flexible solidarity if it 's about refugee quotas and absolute solidarity if poland will get less gas transit fees ?
