  and because they bought an expensive entry ticket they get entitled . 
  he who pays the piper , calls the tune . 
   in germany everyone has the right to ask for asylum and it 'll be granted if your human rights are infringed upon or you are politically or religiously persecuted . 
  after the changes in the nineties , people who enter germany via another eu country do n't have the right to asylum . 
   ( 2 ) auf absatz 1 kann sich nicht berufen , wer aus einem mitgliedstaat der europ\u00e4ischen gemeinschaften [ ... ] einreist [ ... ] that means that basically no one of the people that currently requests asylum in germany has the right to asylum . 
   also it feels like we are the only thing that keeps europe together . 
  others might say that germany 's decisions divide europe . 
  the truth lies somewhere in between . 
   we had a lot of migrant workers from turkey in the 60s and 70s and are still facing some problems because of that . 
  of course you ca n't compare migrant workers with refugees , but it is n't like we are n't used to immigration . 
  just because we are used to failed integration , does n't mean that we can accept even more failed integration . 
  we do n't have an integration concept for the people that come here . 
  in 30 to 40 years we will have another big debate about failed integration . 
   the logistical situation is still a bit of a nightmare , but we are getting to the point were we can provide shelter and food for everyone . 
  we get to where ? 
  my city ( population ~ 23000 ) has to triple it 's refugee hosting capacities from around 350 to 1000 + until the end of 2016 . 
  and nobody really knows how to do that without angering the locals too much . 
  -- the federal and state governments have failed with their asylum policy . 
  they have failed and will continue to fail to implement the current laws . 
  they have failed to provide a vision or a plan for the future . 
  nobody knows what happens next . 
  but why should they care . 
  the hard part of '' ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ everyone welcome '' has to be implemented by the municipalities . 
  remember that number from the beginning ? 
  that 51 % of the people do n't require protection ? 
  i do n't have to go out on a limb to claim that 90 % of them will stay in germany . 
  we are in a really shitty situation , and all we do is watch it unfold . 
  okay , from time to time we waste our time with discussions about stupid proposals like obergrenzen that ca n't be enforced anyway . 
  politicians being politicians . 
  so why were only 272 relocated ? 
  germany takes what ? 
  60,000 out of these 160,000 ? 
  and sweden another 20,000 ? 
  ( numbers made up , but should be in the ballpark ) with this , one would assume that at least 80,000 were relocated . 
  the people who are resettled wo n't be taken from germany or sweden . 
  every single one of them is currently in italy or greece . 
  maybe it 's because the relocation plan is planned over 2 years . 
  i 'm still waiting for an explanation what happens with person 200,001, 
  says the guy that just said `` we went to the moon , bitch '' at least cyclist cycle themselves ... 
  at least you are n't gay . 
  i doubt that it 's worth the effort . 
  the big issues during winter are freezing temperatures and snow/ice . 
  with a roof you remove most snow , but you do n't remove the ice that will happen eventually . 
  to remove the ice you need proper snow-plowing service . 
  which would remove the snow as well . 
  too late . 
  i threw my christmas tree out of the window this morning . 
   police in germany is a responsibility of the states . 
  and train stations are the responsibility of the federal police . 
   this is significantly more than the average uk wage . 
  if you calculate it , it 's probably 1.5 times the average gross salary in the uk . 
  so basically like the salary requirement of the eu bluecard program . 
  in germany the minimum salary for the bluecard is currently 47,600 $ . 
  that 's # 35000 . 
  the bluecard also has exemptions for `` shortage occupations '' . 
   it is aiming to bring the figure , which includes students and the families of visa holders , to below 100,000 by 2015 - a year before the latest restriction is due to come into force . 
  you only missed that mark by [ at least 230,000 people ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34071492 ) . 
   you have to compete with 17 year old people who speak the language 3 times as well as you do though . 
  in the more rural parts of germany 26 year olds who want to do an apprenticeship often have to compete with literally nobody . 
  so 20 % of the people being illiterate if far worse than 2/3 being unable to read ? 
   the left , and their supporters such as the guardian , do n't debunk arguments , they lie . 
  got some examples ? 
  update : nothing dangerous was found . 
  still unclear what was in the suspicious package . 
  because the practice that makes it necessary to refrigerate us eggs from the get-go is banned by eu regulation . 
  in the us , producers are obligated to wash eggs that are sold to customers . 
  in the eu producers must not wash eggs that are sold to customers . 
  so that 's why there is so little crime in the us . 
  it all starts to make sense . 
  we can always sanction the gas trade \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
   as they do n't see themselves as british . 
  do you call them brits ? 
  because here in germany we call 3rd generation migrants turks . 
  and then we wonder why they do n't identify as german . 
  and we do too . 
  that 's why we call 3rd generation migrants turks . 
  and if you would have died because the people that did the initial triage judged your condition wrong , the insurance would have been able to save some money as well . 
  of course they wo n't ban him . 
  they just have to debate it formally because the online petition received the necessary number of signatures . 
  nothing to see here . 
   if the outer borders registered immigrants as the dublin agreement orders , there would n't be a problem . 
  the problem would only be slightly different . 
  of course sweden could file a dublin request for every asylum seeker that enters sweden . 
  these asylum seekers would then object against that dublin request , they would complain to a court , and a couple months later the court rules that greece can not provide asylum in a way that is compatible with the european declaration of human rights . 
  which means that sweden is now responsible for the asylum seekers . 
  after that high instance decision sweden would stop filing dublin requests . 
  and we 're back at square one . 
  that 's precisely what has happened before on numerous instances . 
   the fact that there 's still free movement means that schengen is n't broken . 
  you need to bring an id and that should be fine . 
  you are not restricted in any way . 
  you are confusing freedom of movement and schengen . 
  the uk has never been a schengen member , yet eu citizens are not restricted in any way when entering the uk . 
   the fact that the majority of the immigrants arriving does n't speak syrian means that those arriving is n't fleeing a war . 
  there is no such language . 
  and if you go by the letter of the law , asylum is not made for people who flee war , it 's for people who are persecuted in their home country . 
  public health insurance only pays , as my orthodontist calls it , the medieval package . 
  if you get a prescription from a doctor you have to pay 10 % of the full price as * rezeptgeb\u00fchr * . 
  the minimum payment is 5 $ and it 's capped at a maximum of 10 $ . 
  per medication .
