  i sell that product exclusively in the us . 
  i make 100 % of my revenue and therefor 100 % of my profit in the us . 
  so i have to pay taxes on 100 % of my profit in the us . 
  how do i deduct the costs that i have in germany ? 
  and why should germany agree to not get a single cent of taxes from a business that uses german infrastructure ? 
  a mailbox that employs almost 6000 people . 
  and they all work in corporate , there are no apple stores in ireland . 
   and switch to a currency that they can control . 
  this way everyone can be a millionaire . 
  they do . 
  the system is called eurodac . 
  but at least in germany it happens relatively late in the asylum process . 
  probably only when they are actually allowed to file the paperwork for their asylum application . 
  which often happens many weeks if not months after they came to an asylum facility . 
  almost every eu country participated in unhcr resettlement . 
  since 2013 i 'm living next to syrians who were flown from lebanon to germany by the german government . 
  unfortunately that did n't stop anyone from entering germany on their own . 
  state within a state has a specific meaning , not just `` something pretty big '' . 
  who needs the state of law , with pesky things like the right to object and the right to get your verdict validated by a higher court , if we can act out of spite to send a `` clear message '' . 
   single market access is already out of the window as we wo n't allow unrestricted immigration . 
   sounds like article 50 negotiations are already under way . 
  lol, 
  and once the uk has left the eu in 2046 you can always move back to ireland . 
   i can barely think of any us product here in germany . 
  are you serious ? 
  poor litte ireland . 
  bullied by the eu . 
  if i had to pay an effective tax rate of 0.005 % i had more time to feel sorry for you . 
  that 's exactly what will happen . 
  and considering that the eu is responsible for the largest part of last quarters 9.64 billion us-dollar apples european revenue , they will pay rather quickly . 
  even with the penalty , the tax rate would be much lower than what small businesses have to pay . 
  the special tax arrangement between apple and ireland lasted 24 years . 
  about 6.5 % ( as of last quarterly report ) of their reserves in cash and marketable securities . 
   leftist governments like merkels cdu, 
  what a shame that the eu wide asylum seeker registration system that does n't have to rely on the correct spelling of names only exists in theory . 
  probably for the same reason there are german schools , partly financed by the german government , in [ jeddah ] ( http://www.disj.de ) and [ riyadh ] ( http://www.disr.edu.sa ) . 
  so children of people who do n't want to immigrate permanently can get a more useful school qualification . 
  there are [ 140 ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_deutscher_auslandsschulen ) german schools which are financed and controlled by the german government outside of germany . 
  talk is cheap . 
  maybe you are much more austere than me , but if push comes to shove i would act like they do . 
  the most dangerous and most expensive part of their trip is to enter the eu . 
  once you are in the eu it becomes cheap and easy to pick the country that offers the most possibilities for you . 
  many of these maps are based on eurostat data . 
  eurostat gathers statistical data for member states of the eu , member states of the efta and official eu acceding and candidate countries . 
  turkey is the latter . 
  the countries you mentioned are neither . 
  totally-not-romanians with romanian passports . 
  i 'm not a dirty immigrant , i 'm an expat . 
  there 's a reason why the permanent members have veto powers . 
  would you start a potential world war to enforce that decision that would have been vetoed by the us , russia or china ? 
  opposed to people that say that the eu is a failure because it ca n't do x. 
  when it turns out that the member countries denied the eu the capabilities to do x. 
  best example : `` the eu ca n't even control its borders '', 
   it 's not like the country stops functioning if the population is too low . 
  pensions are the main problem of a population decline . 
  if the population would shrink equally in all age groups it would n't be such a big deal . 
  but that 's not what happens . 
  life expectancy raises . 
  so you naturally get more pensioners . 
  with fewer births you get fewer workers . 
  with high emigration rates you also get fewer workers . 
  so fewer workers have to pay for more pensioners . 
  or in concrete example about the pension system of germany . 
  in 1962 , 6 workers paid for one pension . 
  in 1982 only 3.5 workers were responsible for one pension . 
  in 2014 2.0 workers have to pay for one pension . 
  european values . 
  things like human rights might be a new concept for eastern europe . 
  but the western world knows why such things are important . 
  considering that the net influx of romanians to germany was 101,596 in 2015 ( source : [ freedom of movement monitoring ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/broschueren/freizuegigkeitsmonitoring-jahresbericht-2015.html ) ) i would have expected a higher loss . 
  and fox news will always find the one person that heard you shout allahu akbar while farting . 
  will you offer the ex-husband better conditions than other customers ? 
  because that 's what gabriel and every other politician that `` wants to punish the uk '' rejects . 
   most of european population said they want the uk to have a bad deal . 
  you are talking about [ this poll ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/aug/04/britain-tough-brexit-deal-voters-eu ) in all polled countries that were n't the uk the majority said `` britain should be offered a deal that is neither favorable nor unfavorable '' , i.e. 
  a deal that is fair to both sides . 
  the only country that did n't have `` neither favorable nor unfavorable '' as the most chosen option is the uk . 
  where the majority wishes for a deal that favorites the uk over the eu . 
  no matter how often brits repeat it , it 's not a punishment if the eu looks out for its own interests . 
  as if these are the only two options . 
  add if you add the next paragraph to that line from the [ reuters article ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-amato-iduskcn1012q8 ) it reads like the usual `` do n't give in to british demands '' :  to show britain the error of its ways , amato said the eu had to be `` especially tough '' in the brexit talks . 
    `` do n't give britain the possibility of thinking that brexit is a better way of doing what they have always done , grabbing what suits them ( in the eu ) and opting out of what they do n't like . 
  brexit is a total opting out . 
  they know this very well . 
  or any other members-only club . 
   many european politicians have said the uk needs to suffer . 
  got some quotes ? 
  they reported as soon as the police released reports that contained more than `` nothing worth mentioning happened '' . 
  but i guess the investigative journalists of breitbart would have been on scene to report live . 
   were n't there meant to be consequences for eu nations not taking migrants ? 
  which were suggested by a few german politicians . 
  the eu did n't agree on these consequences . 
  hence , no consequences . 
  please decide between : `` germany is a paper tiger '' and `` germany is a dictator '' . 
   if this is indeed the case , just deport them whence they came . 
  problem solved . 
  if it 's that easy , why does n't the uk do that ? 
   the uk has a 100 billion euro trade deficit with germany . 
  does it ? 
  i thought it was in the range of 50 billion euro in 2015 .
