  i 'm obviously biased . 
  but i would just leave . 
  scrape together every single cent , learn german . 
  and then go to the middle of nowhere in east germany and become an apprentice . 
  there are plenty of opportunities . 
  i know a few business owners who are very happy that refugees from eritrea or syria want to learn with them . 
  i would be coming from greece , i learned german , just to get that job . 
  which german can say that he even invested half the effort i did ? 
  thanks for the warning . 
  trying is not enough . 
  if you do n't have a primary surplus you wo n't survive without more loans , even if all of the current debt is forgiven . 
  and the decision of the court was later reversed by the german supreme court . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  officially the german flag consists of three colors . 
  ral 9005 tiefschwarz ral 3020 verkehrsrot and ... wait for it ... ral 1021 raps ** gelb **, 
  if we can call johann wolfgang von goethe german we can call the death camps german . 
  nobody in germany has a problem with that . 
  but using the flag of todays germany ... 
  there are n't many things that are more insulting for a german than to be called nazi . 
  answering negligent insults that were done by the german media with insults against germans will truly lead to better relations between the polish and germans . 
  is that a joke website or is jeff seidel group really shit tier ? 
   we met up with a bodyguard in the airport because even today jewish groups do not go to poland without a bodyguard . 
  how sad . 
   [ ... ]   and again the horror of this extermination camp is that it is located right off a highway . 
  anyone who drove by in those days could see what was going on . 
  today , again there are people living all around the camp , and there was even a person walking their dog right outside the fence of the camp , and i saw a girl riding her bike inside the camp . 
  it was simply appalling . 
   [ ... ]   despite the fact that jews are no longer outwardly persecuted in poland today , the rampant anti-semitism continues . 
  i had the fortunate experience to have lunch with young , polish jews . 
  i asked the girl sitting next to us if she faced a lot of anti-semitism in poland , how we felt it . 
  she was shocked and said that she never feels it . 
   [ ... ]   today , poland is the only european country to have not officially recognized the existence of the holocaust , and most of it happened in poland !, 
  after so many years , the hatred still remains . 
  it is truly an atrocious situation . 
  when my group finally returned back to israel , we were beyond ecstatic . 
  we cheered as the plane took off from poland and cheered when it landed in israel . 
  i will never return to this awful place again . 
   [ ... ]   although i really hate the idea that poland is actually prospering from our suffering because people are paying for flights and hotels and buses and food in poland in order to see the camps , it is so important for people to see what happened . 
  so the polish court dismissed the case . 
   and you are talking as if germany invaded poland again . 
  then : [ citation needed ], 
  86a does not require to support the nazis . 
  the display of the swastika is enough . 
  that 's why swastikas are also banned in computer games where you try to kill as many nazis as possible . 
   and yet even with the naysayer , we still help them . 
  so basically like germany . 
  i live right next to 4 refugee families from syria . 
  they seem to like it very much . 
  a couple year ago obama said something about `` polish death camps '' . 
  and german media sometimes refers to them as `` polnische konzentrationslager '' too . 
  it definitely happens . 
  the depiction of the swastika itself must contain the anti-nazi message , and the message must be very obvious . 
  the anti-nazi message ca n't be so small that the depiction can be interpreted in any other way . 
  from the distance the billboard looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5lcgu1u.jpg ) . 
  a nazi guy shooting someone . 
  and unreadable text . 
  if the billboard is not in the middle of a flat area there is usually a position where the billboard is half covered . 
  and suddenly it looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cayls7k.jpg ) . 
  we will not see these billboards in germany . 
  prepare for [ \u00a7 86a stgb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strafgesetzbuch_section_86a ), 
  that 's our fucking union . 
  solidarity is not in the eu laws , so nobody should expect it . 
  russian aggression is strongly eastern nations problem . 
  i do n't see any reason why southern nations and germany should harm their relations with russia in this case . 
   if you argue this way maybe some other nations should take refugees like canada or us as part of `` sharing burden '' since when are canada or the us part of the eu ? 
  and the us actually helps a lot . 
  usa and canada are the top two receiving countries in the unhcr resettlement program . 
  in 2014 usa ( 48911 ) and canada ( 7233 ) took 77 % of all the refugees that departed ( 73008 ) for resettlement . 
  capital controls are just wishful thinking by bitcoin speculators . 
  a bunch of people who gamble with their savings ca n't foresee the future . 
  i failed . 
  european union * ^ ( * if you vote for the correct parties . ), 
  in germany fatal traffic accidents fall under negligent homicide , punishable with up to 5 years of prison or a fine . 
  if the case involves alcohol or drugs it 's very likely that there will be a prison sentence , which can be suspended . 
  if you are a first offender there is a good chance that you get away with a suspended prison sentence , especially if you show remorse . 
  people who suffer from an addiction usually have to do a therapy to get the suspension . 
  -- not a lawyer , i just googled a few cases . 
  can he satisfy his wife ? 
  and that pressuring about southstream was wrong . 
  bulgaria , greece and gazprom should have been allowed to restart the project under eu rules . 
  with a competitive tender process . 
  it 's not like europe will stop buying russian gas anytime soon . 
  and if we do , it 's the problem of bulgaria and greece because they have a useless pipeline . 
   they do n't seem like a very important nation that contributes much . 
  please do n't get cheeky , 5th smallest eu-economy . 
  because of a gas pipeline with russia ? 
  everyone has one . 
  changing the amber and green bulb only adds a few euro cost . 
  but the documentation that tells the maintenance crew ( which is a private company that often changes every 2 years ) which bulbs have to be changed for a specific traffic light , add like half a minute of work time for each traffic light that has to be serviced . 
  the bulbs of conventional traffic lights are changed periodically . 
  the 10 volt systems are changed every 12 months , the 230 volt systems are changed every 8 months . 
  and they change all the bulbs . 
  dresden has something like 450 traffic lights . 
  let 's assume that each traffic light covers 4 directions and each direction has 10 bulbs ( 2 * 3 for cars , 2 * 2 for pedestrians ) . 
  and if we foolishly assume all of them are conventional , they change around 20,000 bulbs each year . 
  you wo n't even notice the cost of these 4 extra bulbs . 
  the extra work that needs to be done is negligible as well . 
  the biggest part of the cost mentioned in the article is simply electrical power . 
  are those beats headphones ? 
  we punish them by offering reasonable paid jobs to greeks that do n't want to work for 5,000 new drachmas ( = 250 $ ) a month .
