  the people that protested in heidenau hate the current germany . 
  they hate everything the current germany stands for . 
  that 's why they wear tshirts like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6vtvyxy.jpg ) ( photo not from this protest ) . 
  that 's why they carry the reichsflagge . 
  these are neo-nazis . 
  not concerned citizens . 
  i do n't want to know how many of the people at the heidenau riot have helped the nsu . 
  maybe they should have left the `` auschwitz university '' - tshirts and the reichsflagge at home . 
  we already know how these people feel . 
  they do n't want to be heard . 
  they want to scare people . 
  but but . 
  that was not a shooting spree . 
  we ossis have killed these muslims one by one so everybody blames other muslims . 
   to act out of the goodness of its heart good joke . 
  they do it because turkey wants visa-free travel for the eu . 
  they have signed a treaty that includes a readmission deal . 
  turkey has to take back illegal immigrants that enter the eu via turkey . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-25398872 http://www.atlantic-community.org/-/blessing-or-burden-turkey-s-new-immigration-deal-with-the-eu, 
  is this good or bad ? 
  they named an airport after him , so it ca n't be that bad ?!, 
  [ serious ], 
  so the secret is to have no social net ? 
  or what ? 
  or do we have to teach sexual abstinence and stop teaching sex-ed so our teenagers are all accidentally pregnant . 
  tell us your secret !, 
  read that article and get inspired : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/refugees-encounter-willing-helpers-in-germany-a-1048536.html i think the most important thing is to bring refugees and normal residents together . 
  refugees are actual people . 
  and it 's important that everyone gets reminded of that . 
  we can deport every one who does not require protection . 
  if you want to deport people that qualify for asylum because they might abuse the system , you enter a very slippery slope . 
  because if you use non-provable claims to reject asylum applicants , we can just get rid of asylum completely . 
  the whole point of the un refugee convention is that a country can not deny asylum because it feels so . 
  the convention was made for situations that are worse than what we see today . 
  world war iii worse . 
   but a lot of these asylum seekers would go away if we could stabilize their region and help them build up their countries . 
  we try that since how many decades ? 
  i 'm sure the majority or our development aid goes into africa . 
  and if that helps is a different question . 
  40 % of the people that currently seek asylum in germany are from the west balkan . 
  some of them are countries that are in accession talks with the eu . 
  and the eu has spend billions of euros for infrastructure projects in these countries . 
  does n't help . 
  i guess it 's the video with the marbles ? 
  then that video does not apply to asylum . 
  asylum is about the individual . 
  the purpose of asylum is not to make the world a better place , the purpose of asylum is to protect the asylum seeker from death or persecution . 
   we should return them back and then help them by foreign aid and peacekeeping missions . 
  and by `` we should '' you mean `` nato should '' . 
  and `` peacekeeping missions '' actually means `` actual invasion '' . 
  the vital part of peacekeeping is that all major conflict parties agree on such a mission . 
  but i understand that peacekeeping sounds much nicer than invasion . 
  but that 's what it is . 
  you wo n't find a majority in the eu for military action in libya/syria . 
  even the uk would agree to a refugee quota before sending soldiers into africa respectively the middle east . 
  but i would actually love to see how eastern europe implements the `` easy and obvious solution '' . 
  yeah . 
  just let them drown . 
  not our problem . 
  i am disgusted . 
  that 's the solution to everything these days . 
  if laws become inconvenient just change them . 
  just imagine the situation . 
  you are a radio operator of a coast guard station in italy . 
  when you took that job you were sworn to safe and protect lives . 
  you are aware that italian coast guard and european navies are the only ones that can respond . 
  on the libyan side there is a civil war and nobody cares about distress calls . 
  then you receive a distress call from the blue sea . 
  and you answer `` sorry , we 're full . 
  the caller continues with telling his position , the type of vessel and how many persons are on board . 
  after a while the distress call repeats . 
  the voice of the caller has changed , it now sounds way more stressed . 
  the caller repeats the numbers of people that are aboard . 
  he explains that people are already dead . 
  and he begs for help . 
  and you do absolutely nothing . 
  and then there is silence . 
  you know that the boat is now submerged . 
  it only takes a couple more hours until everyone has drowned . 
  and at the end of your shift you go home and pat yourself on your back . 
  the borders of europe are safe . 
  the european values wo n't be destroyed on my shift . 
  job well done . 
  -- inhumane is an understatement . 
   just as now , i hope yesterday 's attack does n't result in an overhaul of procedures on the french or other train networks . 
  worst case they invent the job of a `` train marshall '' , an armed guard that sits in the train . 
  everything else is just not practical . 
  the problems are obvious . 
  and the reasons why airport style security is not implemented are as obvious . 
  though airlines and car manufacturers would love passenger and baggage screening for railroads . 
  your paper also completely skips ( or i missed them ) the cost of turning train stations into high security environments . 
  and that 's where it gets expensive . 
  not only do you need to implement a security perimeter , which includes the complete rerouting of passenger flow inside the train station . 
  in most cases ( at least in germany ) you have to create new platforms that will then solely be used by high speed rail . 
  because today most platforms are used by different trains . 
  and you can not guarantee security for a tgv if the not secure local train just left the platform . 
  and that 's where your 340 million euro a year turn into 300 + billion euro up-front costs . 
  but i do n't see a point in limiting the security to high speed rail anyway . 
  maybe i 'm not thinking like a terrorist , but i do n't see why a tgv is that more attractive than a subway during rush hour . 
  so you need to secure these as well .
