  smartphones actually have great batteries . 
  very high energy density for little volume . 
  the reason you do n't have a smartphone that lasts a week is because manufacturers prefer thinness and lightness over battery capacity . 
  and our devices get more power hungry with every generation . 
  more sensors , bigger screens , faster networks , more performance . 
  all that eats power . 
  if you would build a 2007 smartphone with a 2007 os with the current technology the battery would probably last 5 days . 
  but nobody would want such a device . 
  anyway , at least for residential applications nighttime is not that big of a problem . 
  you can power your house with a ton of car batteries in your basement . 
  the real problem are days with bad weather . 
  especially during winter you are sometimes unable to harvest relevant amounts of energy for a whole week . 
  so for what period do you design your battery ? 
  1 week ? 
  1 month ? 
  3 months ? 
  the solution is to diversify the technologies . 
  instead of relying on solar only we have to add wind energy , we should burn some renewables . 
  or we could turn excess energy into methane . 
  which is stored in long term storage so we can power a gas power plant if needed . 
  burning renewables and gas we have produced from solar would be co2 neutral as well . 
  out of sight , out of mind ? 
  those are some strong european values ...  i 'm sure many poor countries would love an eu-sponsored camp for 1.8 million people . 
  good luck finding a poor country that - does not ignore human rights - guarantees a decent existence for the refugees instead of keeping all the money and treating refugees like shit - wants to take our refugees if the safety of the eu is endangered by a couple hundred thousand refugees the safety of a poor country is destroyed immediately . 
  and how do you figure out who is a person that should get asylum ? 
  exactly . 
  you look at each case . 
  first you protect everyone who applies for asylum . 
  then you process their cases one by one and check if they are a legitimate case because they are threatened in their home country . 
  if they are , they get further protection . 
  if they do n't require protection they are deported . 
  that is exactly what is currently happening . 
  nothing more . 
  most of the asylum seekers who are in the eu are in that decision phase . 
  the problem is that processing these cases takes time . 
  during that time you have to care for these people . 
  plenty of them are smart enough to lie about their country of origin . 
  they throw away their papers and say they are from eritrea . 
  to deny them their asylum you have to prove that they are not in danger in their home country . 
  so you have to figure out there home country first . 
  which requires specialist that know the different languages that are spoken in africa . 
  people will lie about their life , they will tell you they are homosexual and under threat in their country . 
  you have to disprove all these things until you can send someone home . 
  if you count appeals it currently takes many months or even years until a final decision is made . 
  if you have a solution that allows us to process thousand of asylum cases within a week or two , please tell us . 
  because that is something that would actually help a lot . 
  if we could deport every person who does not need asylum within 2 weeks , we would at least stop the influx of people that think they should just try it . 
  you realize that geographically the only asylum seekers that can be let in by sweden are already in the eu ? 
  they do n't sail around europe in their boats . 
  if sweden would close their border all these refugees would be in denmark , germany , france and the benelux . 
  these people do n't come here because sweden invited them . 
  this is a eu wide problem . 
  and it can only be solved if the eu works together . 
  which is obviously impossible because the eu is a system that was build to distribute happiness and sunshine only . 
  since the eu ca n't deal with a problem in a collaborative way it should probably be disbanded . 
  those 70 000 asylum seekers the uk does n't want to host ? 
  guess what , they did not disappear , they are currently living in other eu countries . 
  since germany took 170 000 and should have taken 108 000 ( so basically 70 000 difference ) i would say they are all in germany . 
  my taxes are paying for them so the people in the uk do n't have to pay for them . 
  that 's definitely not fair in my opinion . 
  but they said eu is a fun place where only happiness and sunshine is shared among the members . 
  nobody told us that we have to work together to solve problems !, 
  this is not fair . 
  / s obviously, 
   seriously . 
  if you are illegal immigrant , what is the justification of keeping him ? 
  they are not illegal immigrants . 
  they are asylum seekers . 
  it 's an important distinction to make . 
  when you apply for asylum the host country is required to process your request . 
  they have to check if you are a legitimate refugee , which means your life is threatened in your home country . 
  that process takes time . 
  sometimes the final decision takes a year or more . 
  during that time the people have to stay somewhere . 
  get more judges on to the case so you can process these cases faster if you want to keep the number of asylum seekers in your country low . 
  keep in mind that decisions have to be made according to the un refugee convention . 
  if you just send everyone home you are clearly in violation of the convention . 
  if a judge has decided that you would be threatened when you are sent back you are allowed to stay until the situations in your home country improve . 
  which will probably take decades . 
  if the judge decides that you do n't need protection you are deported to your home country . 
  if you hide from that deportation you are an illegal immigrant . 
   i bet if i would come to sweden and stay there , they would just deport me back to lithuania . 
  do you have lithuanian citizenship ? 
  because in that case you have a thing called freedom of movement . 
  you can pick your residence in any eu country . 
  if you want to live in sweden just move there , you can do that since 2004 . 
  because we are not a country that ignores human rights issues . 
  because we have enough space and enough money . 
  because we are the reason the un refugee convention exists . 
  what do you do if turkey decides to fly their refugees to the czech republic ? 
  all 1.8 million of them . 
   ca n't read german , so do n't know if i got the labels right : this says that to be fair , eu should exile some 8200 poor souls to portugal ? 
  yes . 
  but these numbers are calculated with the help of the quota system that is currently used by germany to distribute asylum seekers to the german states . 
  the eu quota would most likely look different , but i ca n't say if portugal would have to take more or less than the 8600 asylum seekers per year . 
   bet they would flee in short order . 
  probably what already happened to those 445 . 
  if they are okay with living the life of an illegal they could try that . 
  being illegal means you ca n't apply for benefits ( the magic wealth why every refugee tries to go to the rich countries ) , you wo n't receive free health care , you wo n't receive any help , be it financially or organizationally . 
  you wo n't be able to get a legal job or rent an apartment .
