  money  morals even for terrorists . 
  just look at them . 
  russian weapons . 
  cars from europe , usa , japan . 
  smartphones from china . 
  last month moldovan authorities worked with the fbi to intercept a consignment of radioactive material which was sent to deash . 
  they should be careful to not overwhelm themselves with that many countries at once . 
  they should do it like they fuck a group of goats . 
  one after the other . 
  because i 'm still waiting for the deash cutthroats to raise their flag in the white house . 
  like they promised last year . 
  stupid truckers . 
  everyone knows that ~ ~ suspicious ~ ~ legitimate trucks that bring humanitarian aid have to be [ painted white and must be almost empty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcwzafgmpbm ) . 
  except that it 's not . 
  because berlin and eastern germany have poland as a buffer . 
  and you do n't even get it . 
  the us is apparently the best buddy of poland . 
  most important ally . 
  and the only really reliable partner in the west . 
  the us have never let poland down . 
  they are true friends to all poles . 
  unfortunately poland is one of the few eu countries that are not part of the us visa waiver program . 
  if a pole wants to visit the us he has to apply for a visitor visa . 
  oh come on . 
  people here even downvote official statistics if they do n't like them . 
  uk wo n't exit the same second the final result of the referendum is there . 
  there will be enough time to make plans when the results are in . 
  outside of trade the uk is not that important for the eu . 
  it would be something different if france or belgium would leave the eu . 
  because important eu institutions are in these countries . 
  but the uk ? 
  maybe i 'm missing something really important but i do n't see a need for plan b. 
  of course the uk wo n't like that because it undermines their perceived importance . 
  they would love to see the eu run around in panic because the uk might leave . 
  but actually the eu should ignore the referendum completely . 
  that 's the only sensible thing to do . 
  because we all know what will happen if the uk decides to stay . 
  the brexit-supporters will blame so called eu propaganda . 
  and then they will have another referendum . 
   feels bad man . 
  i 'm sorry poland , please forgive us :'( if you leave the eu and impose really hard visa restrictions on poles they will start to like you more . 
  it reminds them of their closest and bestest ally in the world . 
  nobody cares because federal elections are 2 years away . 
  when can we expect the economic impact ? 
  and how will it look ? 
  how many billions of euro will suddenly become due ? 
  we have many problems that are related to the refugee crisis . 
  money is not one of them . 
  worst case we have to say goodbye to the balanced budget and take loans . 
  but nobody will starve , and public services wo n't shut down . 
  so i guess it 's good that nobody is starving and the government can still afford all public services . 
  then you have to find a minor that accompanies you . 
   like even in the uk ( which is 2500kms away ) russia tries to violate the scotland and irish airspace and people are like this is n't okay and then the uk launches a pair of jets , that escort the violating plane out of their airspace . 
   moreover russia frequently violates the airspace of eastern europe , literally is there a country who was n't violated by russia ? 
  and then nato sends their jets to escort the violating aircrafts out of their airspace . 
  civilians with tow anti-tank missiles . 
  they probably murdered dozens of people in syria over the last 2 years . 
  no sympathy . 
  since commercial gps receivers are available and the us government has turned off selective availability ? 
  fourth photo : https://twitter.com/missilito/status/596564001523380224 could be a commercial glonass receiver , could be a commercial gps receiver , could also be a commercial glonass/gps/galileo receiver . 
  that 's what you have to do if your plane still relies on a inertial navigation system . 
   the us currently does not introduce intentional error to the unencrypted signals , but that is a policy decision , not a technical limitation . 
  new satellites no longer have capabilities for doing selective availability . 
  nowadays they have to outright disable the commercial gps signal . 
   today , the president accepted the recommendation of the department of defense to end procurement of global positioning system ( gps ) satellites that have the capability to intentionally degrade the accuracy of civil signals . 
  this decision reflects the united states strong commitment to users of gps that this free global utility can be counted on to support peaceful civil activities around the world . 
    this degradation capability , known as selective availability ( sa ) , will no longer be present in gps iii satellites . 
  although the united states stopped the intentional degradation of gps satellite signals in may 2000 , this new action will result in the removal of sa capabilities , thereby eliminating a source of uncertainty in gps performance that has been of concern to civil gps users worldwide . 
  you are of course free to shoot the missile down if it enters your airspace . 
  yes . 
  especially with rules like this it 'll be hard to get people to use it :  members of rulebook will be required to post all their messages in the 25 official languages of the european union : what we lose in spontaneity , we gain in solidarity . 
  accession requires the consent of all other members . 
  and once you have joined rulebook , you can not leave unilaterally , but must be thrown out by the german members . 
  it 's a un peacekeeping mission . 
  romania is part of it too . 
   the united nations multidimensional integrated stabilization mission in mali ( minusma ) was established by security council resolution 2100 of 25 april 2013 to support political processes in that country and carry out a number of security-related tasks . 
  the mission was asked to support the transitional authorities of mali in the stabilization of the country and implementation of the transitional roadmap . 
    by unanimously adopting resolution 2164 of 25 june 2014 , the council further decided that the mission should focus on duties , such as ensuring security , stabilization and protection of civilians ; supporting national political dialogue and reconciliation ; and assisting the reestablishment of state authority , the rebuilding of the security sector , and the promotion and protection of human rights in that country . 
  http://www.un.org/en/peacekeeping/missions/minusma/index.shtml -- there 's also a eu mission in mali , which is different from minusma . 
  military and police units from eu countries train soldiers in mali . 
  icao rules allow 12-17 year olds to travel alone . 
  rules for this thread : 1 . only countries that contribute to minusma are allowed to make broomstick jokes . 
   he as a german has a huge personal interest in this . 
  yeah . 
  because posting shit on reddit has a huuuuuuuge influence on decisions in the real world . 
  oh and eu quotas have never been about relocating refugees from germany to other countries . 
  germany would have taken the largest share of these relocated refugees . 
  the plan always was and still is to relieve pressure from italy , greece and hungary . 
  since hungary unilaterally relocated their asylum seekers to austria they are out of the plan . 
  we can manage our refugees without the help from the so called union . 
  the judge is 3 meter long , 0.4 meter in diameter and carries a 195 kilogram warhead . 
  `` germans '' on eu side the agreement was signed by royal dutch shell plc , eon ag and engie . 
  royal dutch shell plc , commonly known as shell , is an anglo -- dutch multinational oil and gas company headquartered in the netherlands and incorporated in the united kingdom . 
  e.on se marketed with an interpunct as e \u00b7 on , is a european holding company based in d\u00fcsseldorf , north rhine-westphalia , germany . 
  engie ( known as gdf suez prior to april 2015 ) is a french multinational electric utility company , headquartered in la d\u00e9fense , courbevoie , which operates in the fields of electricity generation and distribution , natural gas and renewable energy . 
   crimea was and is russian , it 's hardly stealing , just correcting a historic mistake . 
  so that makes it okay ? 
  i 'm asking for a friend . 
  ^ ^ in ^ ^ prussia . 
  they could just take it out of the pipelines .
