  stop ignoring the dutch referendum !, 
   the ecb is pretty much under the control of germany . 
  so that must be the reason why the ecb does n't do stuff that 's opposed by germany , like qe , zero refinancing rates and negative deposit rates . 
  you could help the uk economy as well . 
  send me 100 # and show those pesky europeans how good brexit was for the uk !, 
  he is literally saying : `` every year more germans die than there are born . 
  that 's fortunately because nazis are n't very good at reproducing ** either ** '' he is literally not saying : `` every year more germans die than there are born . 
  that is is very fortunate . 
  it 's because the nazis are not very good at having offspring '', 
  you should improve your german language skills . 
  because what you wrote does n't reflect what he actually said . 
  yes , if you twist his words a bit here [ and there ] . 
  and suddenly `` fortunately nazis do n't procreate either '' becomes `` fortunately [ the germans are dying out ] . 
  and [ we have to replace them with migrants ] '' . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhrzhsfjqb4 ), 
  yeah . 
  would have been awesome to read the list of european countries that are not part of the echr and probably the council of europe ( echr ratification is now mandatory ) : - belarus - uk, 
   but oh well whatever fits your agenda , amirite ? 
  almost half ( 47 % ) of the eu citizens that migrated to germany in 2015 came from poland and romania alone . 
  spain , italy and greece were responsible for 13.3 % of the immigrants . 
  everything works as intended . 
  it 's just that people believe that the current german imbalances are the worst thing in the world . 
  they are n't . 
  germany is not even in the `` excessive imbalances '' category yet . 
  and there 's currently no country in the eu that is placed in the mip category that `` enforces '' corrective action . 
  but people hear `` rules '' and believe that each violation needs some action by the eu . 
  which is not the case in the macroeconomic imbalance procedures . 
  there 's no eu country that does n't violate at least one ( i would have said three , but i 'm too lazy to actually look it up ) mip indicator . 
  lucky you . 
  because ireland violates a couple mip indicators as well . 
  in fact the commission placed ireland in the same category as germany ( and spain , finland , the netherlands , slovenia and sweden ) , `` imbalances '' . 
  and then there 's the `` excessive imbalances '' category , with croatia , france , portugal , bulgaria , cyprus and italy . 
  after that there 's the category that actually enforces corrective action . 
  no country is currently in that category . 
  because motorway users already pay taxes on fuel ? 
  and these correlate with usage . 
  the more you drive , the more taxes you pay . 
  customer bought a car . 
  car does n't work as advertised . 
  why should the customer get $ 10,000 instead of getting a fix to their car so it works as advertised ? 
   alternatively bringing in foreign eu-workers would benefit all of us much more though ( incl . 
  reducing imbalance ) we have doubled the eu net migration rate between 2011 and 2015 . 
  after we have doubled it from 2010 to 2011 . 
  in 2010 we had a net migration rate of eu citizens of 87,175 . 
  in 2011 that rose to 190,738 . 
  in 2015 we were at 382,449 , up 12.7 % from 2014 . 
   but an integration course paid for by the tax payers ca n't really be consider a punishment in any sense of the word . 
  that 's because it is not a punishment . 
  the integration course is a condition for the suspension of the 1 year jail sentence . 
   it more a benefit that the perpetrators get a free integration course , whatever that is . 
  asylum seekers have access to free integration courses anyway . 
  but in his case the course will be mandatory . 
  and if he does n't attend , or does anything else to piss of the people that teach these courses , the case will go back to the court . 
  which might then stop the suspension of the jail sentence . 
   on the other hand , how can two weeks of community service be an appropriate conviction for a sex assault ? 
  it ca n't . 
  that 's why that was n't the conviction . 
  the community service and the integration course are conditions for his suspended jail sentence . 
  if he does n't attend the community service he 'll go to jail . 
  if he does n't attend the integration course he 'll go to jail . 
  if he re-offends within his probation period ( 2 to 5 years , not sure what the judge ruled ) he 'll go to jail . 
  thank you for your service . 
  only if greece pays . 
  your `` turkey stronk !, 
  no need nato '' rhetoric is getting ridiculous . 
  if they want single market access they very likely wo n't get special treatment . 
  the eu ( ca n't remember which body ) has said in the past that switzerland-style bilateral agreements are a thing of the past . 
  poland has in the past asked germany to increase its military spending and to increase its military commitment . 
  suspended sentence is the usual outcome for first offenders who commit sexual assault ( not to be confused with rape ) . 
  the conviction was 1 year suspended jail sentence . 
  the community service is one of the conditions of the suspension . 
  i 've read the article for you . 
   the claims conference currently provides home care for some 67,000 holocaust survivors around the world . 
  all in all , 121,000 survivors are listed as receiving care through 240 different organizations in 46 states . 
  the dutch bicycle culture ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  that has changed a couple months ago . 
  we have currently deployed [ 509 military personnel ] ( https://www.bundeswehr.de/portal/a/bwde/!ut/p/c4/04_sb8k8xllm9msszpy8xbz9cp3i5eyrphk9ppkuvl3uzlzixnssqls90tsk1kkknmzkbl2cxpru_yjsr0uawm_fyw !, 
  ! / ) ( as of 4 july , 2016 ) in mali for minusma . 
   we could become a superpower overnight if we wanted to we have plenty of money , highly developed industry and military manufacturers good joke . 
  the bundeswehr ca n't even fill all currently open positions because nobody wants to work for them . 
   would you rather us be a militarized country again ? 
  people did n't seem to appreciate it much the last 2 times i 'm pretty sure that at one point in the last few years each of our former enemies has stated that they want to see a more involved german military . 
  yes , even poland has asked us to spend more on our military . 
  obama is merkel 's puppet !, 
   `` when britain leaves the eu , there is no longer any reason for the german or french language to be discriminated against , '' johannes singhammer , who is deputy president of the bundestag , the german lower house of parliament , told saturday 's der spiegel magazine . 
  my first reaction : who ? 
   ( and more ? ), 
  norway , the franco-german brigade and the benelux countries will participate . 
  but they wo n't use it . 
  like all the other countries that questioned the sanctions in the past have n't used their veto . 
  in the end the goodwill of eu partners will be more important for greece than russian rifles . 
   to say that she bashes people with foreign roots is unrealistic ( imo ) , because the afd-leaders know how bad pr that would be . 
  that 's why she deleted the tweet . 
  she capitalized nationalmannschaft . 
  and since we 're talking about beatrix von storch it was most likely a jab at players that ca n't trace their pure german blood back to 1850 . 
  you are not the first one with that idea . 
  that 's why common markets ca n't allow its members to negotiate trade deals . 
  and as you figured out on your own it 's not about being power hungry or taking away freedom , it 's about common sense . 
  in your particular case this is about freedom of movement , not about schengen . 
  as citizen of a eu/efta country you can stay in any eu/efta country for 90 days without registering .
