  un conventions , human rights bullshit and such ...  should n't we pick them up , and extradite them to assad 's regime ? 
  i 'm certain they 'll be pleased to have prisoners who might have valuable information . 
  that sounds a lot like torture by proxy . 
   this man committed a serious crime , yet there he is , taking full advantage of the state he openly hates !, 
  so charge him with that serious crime , convict him and sentence him . 
  if the crime is that serious he would sit in jail . 
   we should n't go full russia , but we are definitely too soft on terrorism . 
  you want to hand eu citizens over to regimes to get some valuable information out of them . 
  you are already beyond full russia . 
  want postcards from all over the world . 
  request is in french . 
  english , teacher , do you speak it ? 
  yep . 
  we all remember the pictures of crimeans that patrolled the streets of crimea with unmarked military equipment they bought in a surplus store . 
  coincidentally that military equipment looked a lot like current russian equipment . 
  just without the russian insignia . 
  look at these photos of the * concerned citizens * \u2122 of crimea . 
  http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-665424-galleryv9-bmne-665424.jpg http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-665430-galleryv9-xugx-665430.jpg totally not an invasion . 
  just your average neighborhood watch on crimea . 
  for a fun time , ask these people what the current budget for education and science is . 
  they wo n't know , because they do n't give a fuck about education and science . 
  for them the important part is that refugees and asylum seekers do n't get money . 
   but otherwise why is this even up for debate ? 
  because the eu free movement of workers rules require that you do n't discriminate against other eu citizens . 
  the benefit `` abuse '' some uk politicians are talking about is primarily about in-work benefits . 
  the uk 's favorite , tax credits , or housing benefits . 
  out-of-work benefits can already be cut if the person does abuse the system . 
   do n't let people claim benefits they should n't be entitled to ... 
  if a uk citizen and a german citizen do the exact same work in the uk , why should only one be entitled to tax credits ? 
  no problem , it 's just math . 
  there 's no place for political correctness in math . 
  next weeks homework will contain a question that asks how much zyklon b you need to kill 50 members of the polish resistance movement . 
  yes , that 's basically the asylum law of germany since 1992 . 
  of course that 's a ploy to hurt greece . 
  that 's why germany wants to do dublin relocations to every eu country except greece . 
  because tsipras will be really mad if he wo n't get back the asylum seekers that left greece . 
  especially since basically every single asylum seeker that uses the balkan route enters the eu in greece . 
  for fucks sake , apply some common sense . 
  every single eu country agreed on the dublin regulations . 
  it 's just that nobody gave a fuck about it . 
  every country on the route played `` let them go to germany '' . 
  weeks before merkel `` invited '' them , the federal migration and refugee agency already estimated that 800,000 will arrive in germany in 2015 . 
  at that point many ( including me ) did n't believe that estimate , because germany had just something like 230,000 asylum seekers . 
  if they were registered in greece they wo n't be send back to greece . 
  in that case it is n't possible to send them to any other country either . 
  if the eu asylum database has greece as first entry point , either greece is responsible or germany voluntarily handles the case . 
  no other country would accept these asylum cases . 
   well , that 's not possible . 
  that has never stopped people from demanding something . 
  `` not taking in '' refugees is n't possible either . 
  because they are already here and wo n't go away just because we want them to go away . 
  sch\u00e4ube had the better ratings . 
  because he did n't rule out the option to kick greece out of the eu . 
  kicking out greece is what many germans wanted . 
  it 's just coincidence . 
   everybody dissed her for the lack of charisma before . 
  yep . 
  before august 2015 : teflon-merkel has no vision !, 
  she just does what the electorate wants !, 
  she changes her opinion three times a week if polls change !, 
  she does n't act , she reacts !, 
  after august 2015 : merkel is a dictator !, 
  she recklessly forces her vision through !, 
  she does n't listen to the electorate !, 
  merkel ignores polls that show that germans are not satisfied with her politics !, 
  where are you from ? 
  not sure if birds from eastern europe ( i.e. 
  baltics , russia ) would go there . 
  but who knows . 
  here in germany we get many birds from russia , scandinavia and the baltics . 
  some only stay in germany for a couple of days or weeks , to later continue to france or africa . 
  but more and more stay the whole winter . 
  the german nature conservation union has a ( german ) website that shows birds that travel through germany . 
  maybe yours are among them ... https://www.nabu.de/tiere-und-pflanzen/aktionen-und-projekte/birdwatch/zugvogelarten.html, 
  for people who ca n't be bothered to read articles :  in this context , pakistani authorities have launched a crackdown against migrant smugglers , although experts say their efforts are too little against what seem to be formidable global networks . 
    human smuggling is a trans-national crime and it is not possible to minimize it without collaboration of all the stakeholders , said inam ghani , director of pakistan 's federal investigation agency . 
    ghani told dw that the security agency had arrested 1,185 human smugglers between 2013 and 2014 , while the corresponding number for this year so far stood at around 800 . 
    he also noted that the government had created a special task force involving a number of the country 's security agencies to deal with the issue . 
    however , he stressed that pakistan , with its limited resources , will not be able to stop the outflow of migrants on its own , insisting that europe needs to overhaul its asylum system so as to remove incentives for migrants to flee to the continent . 
    `` in the past , it was relatively easy in europe to obtain not just asylum , but also accommodation and monetary assistance . 
  i believe , illegal immigrants should not be given any benefits or the right to apply for political asylum . 
  they should be immediately deported . '', 
    ghani also underlined that : ** `` although pakistan is interested in taking back deported citizens , it will not accept migrants with dual nationalities who have criminal records . 
  '' ** i do n't see why pakistan should take back criminals who have another citizenship . 
  no country in the world does that . 
   i never understand it when people say germany should arm up more and be a more active military force in the eu . 
  the nato concept of spending 2 % of gdp on military is not that hard to comprehend . 
   that 's so very odd . 
  i wonder what the rationale is for this `` committing a crime has no consequence on the asylum application '' . 
  the rationale is that people who receive the status of a refugee will be persecuted if they are send back to their home country . 
  persecution often means torture or even death . 
  and if they do n't qualify for protection they do n't have a right to stay anyway . 
  i 'm pretty sure carrying a flag that is a maybe legal variant of a third reich flag makes people nazis . 
  so at least that guy in the picture is a nazi . 
  but of course i would never call the concerned citizens that march together with such people nazis . 
  unfortunately the english language does n't have such a nice word like steigb\u00fcgelhalter . 
  and people with the exact same mindset are marching through germany again . 
  https://twitter.com/mdr_sn/status/663785339467767808/photo/1 sch\u00e4mt euch . 
   that does n't seem right . 
  how can they operate in a country and not have to abide by its laws ?
