  because the uk wants to leave the eu freedom of movement zone . 
  switzerland and norway continue to be part of that zone . 
  spain and france are in the schengen zone , so schengen rules apply . 
  visa-free travellers from outside the eu can stay in the schengen zone for 90 days in every 180 day period . 
  so your border run has to last 90 days and you have to leave the schengen area . 
  if the uk ca n't control it 's border while being a member of the eu , why are they shouting at the calais border and not in london ? 
  similar to switzerland . 
  they are part of schengen , i.e. 
  no systematic border checks . 
  but they are n't part of the eu customs union , i.e. 
  goods entering switzerland or the eu have to go through customs because they have to in the post-brexit cta , people who are residents of ri/uk would be allowed to cross the border wherever they want if they do n't carry goods that need to be declared . 
  people who are n't ri/uk nationals or people who carry goods that need to be declared have to cross at an official border crossing . 
  since ireland is not part of the schengen area that should certainly be possible . 
  because a uk national in ireland has to go through border checkpoints to enter the schengen area . 
  since productivity increases and we shift pensionable age occasionally it 's more like a rectangle scheme . 
  we do n't need to grow the base , a stable base would be enough . 
   i struggle to think of problems in the world which boil down to `` we do n't have enough humans ! '', 
  because in developed countries declining birth rates lead to the problem of `` we do n't have enough productive humans that pay into the social systems ! '', 
  people get older , health care gets better at keeping them alive . 
  but you have to pay pensions for longer and health care gets more expensive . 
  at the same time you have fewer workers that will pay for these costs . 
  that 's why we need freedom of movement . 
  if you ignore the peak of the refugee crisis , eu migration outsizes migration for ( pretend ) humanitarian reasons by a large margin . 
   she found a solution to undermine the minimum wage right on time you mean . 
  and to confuse everyone , the government then decided to increase minimum wage . 
  this makes you so fast nobody after . 
  nl would n't try that . 
  they know that the weapons of the us nuclear sharing program only work if the us authorises their use . 
  how i read it : `` people should be paid more , but not if i have to pay more . '', 
  for example turkmenistan is not in wto , and plenty of countries trade with it . 
  russia only joined wto in august 2012 . 
  but i believe that countries are allowed to discriminate against non-wto members . 
   ok , just ask our pm then . 
  how much are you willing to bet ? 
  uk wil join eea temporarily ( most likely with a `` max 5 years '' clause ) while a uk-eu trade deal is negotiated . 
  in the golden elevator in new york , where he makes all the deals . 
   this is beyond silly . 
  it feels like international politics has taken on a tv show format and we 're all supposed to play along . 
  in 4 years he 'll remove his disguise . 
  and we 'll realise we all have been part of [ undercover putin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/undercover_boss ) . 
   maybe they had enough of europeans free loading off of their [ ... ] medical and pharmaceutical development . 
  did we accidentally join a medical pact with the us were we do n't pay what we agreed upon ? 
  or are they still pissed because european manufacturers do n't sell drugs that the us needs to kill people ? 
  yes , that 's how importing stuff works . 
  you can still buy a camaro in germany for 39,900 $ list price directly from chevrolet . 
  duties and taxes already included . 
  if you have to pay 90,000 $ registration taxes for that very same car , do n't blame european protectionism that was introduced to make german cars more attractive . 
  check your closet , maybe you still have jackets and backpacks from your trip to europe in 2003 . 
  you know , those with the canadian flags because everyone on the european continent was pissed by bush 's war mongering and rumsfeld 's `` old europe '' comments . 
  the v4 is falling apart !, 
  and audi is volkswagen -- these are volkswagen brands : - volkswagen - audi - seat - skoda - bentley - bugatti - lamborghini - porsche - ducati - scania - man, 
  you are probably po . 
  but bmw imports other cars . 
  bmw is still a net exporter though . 
  in fact , besides tesla they are the only net exporting car manufacturer in the us . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ji0iy7t.png http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-car-industry-has-unlikely-patriots-1484045646?mod=djemheard_t, 
  http://i.imgur.com/ji0iy7t.png from : http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-car-industry-has-unlikely-patriots-1484045646?mod=djemheard_t, 
  here in germany a camaro starts at 39,900 $ . 
  that european protectionism might just be a massive car tax in his country . 
  eu duty on new cars with more than 3000 cm ^ ^ 3 cylinder capacity is 10 % . 
  trump made a fair acknowledgement treaty with russia . 
  it 's not one sided like nafta . 
  very good agreement . 
   @realdonaldtrump : totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives , both democrats and republicans - fake news !, 
  russia says nothing exists . 
  [ ... ]   https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/819864373988573184, 
   that could have at least delayed the war . 
  instead we decided to guard the us military bases and other us facilities with 7000 soldiers while the us was busy in iraq . 
  we also decided to grant the coalition of the willing generous overflight rights . 
  we also reinforced a battalion of german nbc defence forces in kuwait that was stationed on the us base that housed the joint operation center during the invasion of iraq . 
  we also had bnd agents in bagdad that instructed the bombardment of at least on building complex because the agents saw some luxury cars and believed saddam was there . 
   no , we always opposed iraq . 
  yet 7000 bundeswehr soldiers guarded us military bases while the us was busy in iraq . 
  german soldiers were part of awacs flights to protect turkey from iraqi retaliation ( bundesverfassungsgericht later declared it illegal to do that without asking the parliament ) . 
  we also gave generous overflight rights to the coalition of the willing . 
  since 2002 ( operation enduring freedom ) we also had a abc-abwehrbataillon in camp doha , a us base in kuwait , during the invasion of iraq the us had their joint operation center there . 
  coincidentally in early march 2003 , when everyone knew that the us will go into iraq 30 more german soldiers were sent to kuwait . 
  a day after the invasion started another 120 soldiers from the offensive reserve force were sent there . 
  when kuwait was shelled from iraq , the german soldiers checked for chemical weapons . 
  and coincidentally the battalion started their return to germany in may 2003 , a week after the invasion of iraq has ended . 
  yes , german soldiers never set foot into iraq . 
  but we had bnd agents in bagdad that instructed the bombardment of at least one building complex . 
  but besides that indirect help we had absolutely nothing to do with the iraq war . 
  yes . 
  i was confused and then surprised as well . 
  from wikipedia :  ram trucks , stylized as ram ( formally known as the ram truck division ) is a united states-based brand of light to mid-weight commercial vehicles established in 2010 as a division of fca us llc , a wholly owned subsidiary of fiat chrysler automobiles . 
  it was spun-off from dodge marque , using the name of the popular dodge ram line of trucks . 
  ram trucks ' logo was originally dodge 's logo . 
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ram_trucks, 
  and the volkswagen passat nms is produced in chattanooga , usa . 
  it 's still a german car . 
  he lives in a ~ ~ ivory ~ ~ golden tower . 
  he probably sees a lot of mercedes , bmw and audi . 
  and then he believes that the whole us is like fifth avenue , manhattan . 
  here are the top car brands in the us 2016 : 1 . 
  ford 2 . 
  toyota/scion 3 . 
  chevrolet 4 . 
  jeep 7 . 
  gmc 11 .
