  can you tell me more about that ? 
  should have added `` in poland '' . 
  we allow you to give up your opt-outs and join the euro . 
  82 year old kanzlerin merkel . 
  mr. trump being mr. trump junior , who will become president in 2024 and 2028 . 
  the point is that black people that are n't presidents will be shot by the police . 
  that exaggeration is the satiric part . 
  it 's not like it never happened before . 
  remember the case of the russian-german girl that was abducted in berlin and raped for days by a group of refugees ? 
  the one that was used both by russia itself and by russian media as propaganda against the liberal west and germany in particular ? 
  turned out that the girl was neither abducted nor raped . 
  in my opinion that 's the wrong approach . 
  we should try to integrate all nations into the same framework from the get go . 
  but instead of starting with merging whole armies , we should create units that work together . 
  look at the eu battlegroups . 
  create more of them . 
  make them permanent . 
  and expand them from land units to naval and air force units . 
  this way cooperation can grow more naturally . 
  trying to merge half a dozen armies by decree wo n't work . 
   yeah , people are forgetting basic things like the fact that eu does n't even have a common foreign policy . 
  you seem to believe that the eu has to agree on everything to establish a common foreign policy . 
  that 's not the case , hence we have : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_foreign_and_security_policy and that common security policy has actually lead to a couple eu military deployments . 
   secondly , i would n't feel comfortable with the fact that brussels bureaucrats would have an army . 
  the eu battlegroups are already under the direct control of the council of the european union . 
  not sure if this is actually the case or if its a stab at the us election predictions . 
  though it misses actual examples of cases that would make use of isds so here 's two : the eu figures out that bananas are dangerous , so it bans the sale of bananas . 
  isds will most likely rule in favor of the eu . 
  the eu figures out that bananas are dangerous , so it bans the import of bananas . 
  isds will most likely rule against the eu , because the new eu import ban disadvantages canadian banana growers . 
   ceta is n't called ` ttip on steroids ' for nothing . 
  is it though ? 
  according to google `` ttip on sterorids '' references either a future trade deal between uk and the us , or tisa, 
   however the question is if it is still necessary in the eu , since the expectation is that we would be better than iran in such a case . 
  better be safe than sorry . 
  i would not trust the eu being a good partner in trade . 
  there are already plenty of politicians that try many sneaky things to limit free trade within the eu . 
  take the progressive retail taxes in poland as example . 
  or the german attempts to ban the online sale of medication . 
  or the german attempts to outlaw betting websites that do n't have a license by the german state . 
  or the calls for limiting foreign ownership of farmland in romania . 
  not even willing to become gay ? 
  i hate to break it to you , but that 's not enough commitment for europe . 
  merkel also became the leader of the free world on that day . 
   to be honest , it would be nice to have at least 3-5 000 men , 20-50 tanks , 5 + warplanes , 20 + artillery [ ... ] we do n't even need a full fledged eu army for that . 
  with the european maritime group , eurocorps , the european gendarmerie force and the eu battlegroups the basis already exists . 
  as usual we just have to increase commitment to these things . 
  so lets just have informal plans for now and do n't invite the uk . 
  form a coalition of the willing , and then call that motherfucker the pink elephant army instead of the eu army what will the uk do ? 
  threaten to leave the eu ? 
  satire is not always supposed to be funny . 
  it can only be read in one way . 
  and that way has nothing to do with either clinton nor trump . 
  this is about trigger happy police , not about the elections . 
  we have to go one step further . 
  strength through balkanization . 
  fun fact from the nato website :  at the drafting of article 5 in the late 1940s , there was consensus on the principle of mutual assistance , but fundamental disagreement on the modalities of implementing this commitment . 
  the european participants wanted to ensure that the united states would automatically come to their assistance should one of the signatories come under attack ; the united states did not want to make such a pledge and obtained that this be reflected in the wording of article 5 . 
    http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_110496.htm, 
   for example , germany gets roughly 3 to 4 billion usd from rent alone source ? 
  germany gets the economic effects , in return germany pays a part of the construction costs when the us army constructs new buildings . 
  for example germany will subsidize the new hospital in weilerbach with 130 million euro . 
  germany also pays when the us army damages property outside their bases . 
   when american soldiers outnumber the rest of nato , it casts doubt on the ability of europe to offer similar levels of protection to the united states and canada . 
  canada is among the lowest spenders in nato . 
  make europa reich again !, 
  still waiting for trump yelling `` just a prank bro ! '', 
  what 's the recommended minimum distance between refugee housing and normal people housing ? 
  cemeteries in poland should from now on be know as polish death camps . 
  facts have never stopped mr farage . 
  would you call a student dorm a student camp ? 
  or they do n't pay their supply chain in pound sterling . 
  would be funny if they chose angela merkel . 
  is it the eu 's fault ? 
  will the net receivers please ~ ~ stand ~ ~ shut up . 
  the elections are rigged !, 
  i also do n't like gabions . 
  they are overused . 
  what about other wall building techniques ? 
  their love for sauerkraut . 
  where do you live that you 've never seen a noise barrier in action ? 
  we have them on highways , railroad tracks , around industrial areas and many other areas where noise would effect residential houses . 
  but you are right , the wall does n't stop noise , but it reduces noise tremendously . 
  sounds like a try to influence government policy so the regulators delay the ordered checks by a few months . 
  very much like the blackout-histeria of the german nuclear power industry back in 2000 and 2010 . 
  just buy fiat and you are safe . 
  from 7:00 till 22:00 ? 
  that probably violates a eu regulation . 
   of course you ca n't resettle every refugee , and i never said that . 
  so what does this mean :  so if you were a genuine refugee , and your claim is accepted , then you are going to go to a rich country that is going to allow you to make money ... --  the point to be made here is that a lot of these people are n't coming from syria and are lying and saying that they do !, 
  they bring in experts who say , hey , i know you are coming from eritrea or kenya or somewhere else and the deny these facts . 
  in these cases the asylum statistics list their country of origin as eritrea , kenya , or unknown , not as syria . 
  the expert trumps the asylum seeker . 
   they are taking places from genuine refugees in europe because of their desire to secure a better economic future for themselves . 
   [ ... ]  more legitimate syrian refugees could have found homes in europe if we had been strict on non-syrians , and enforced that migrants must stay in the country where they are allocated asylum according to another post of you someone who pays a smuggler to bring them to europe is n't a genuine refugee . 
  then syrians who do so are n't genuine refugee either . 
  but being in europe is the only way to request asylum in europe . 
  the others do n't take away places from legitimate refugees either . 
  germany resettled 20,000 syrians ( i ignore the 22,000 private sponsorship visa and the 200 academic scholarships ) from unhcr camps in 2013 . 
  that number has n't change much since then .
