  not a reason for asylum though . 
   maybe they should have stayed in syria and faught for their country on which side of the civil war ? 
  if you ca n't formulate an opinion without violating our laws you are either an idiot or a holocaust denier . 
  stop reading selectively and you will come to a different conclusion . 
  we already do , if it 's about the classic western food animals . 
  maybe they are slower due to being pregnant , so they have a harder time to escape . 
   in addition , whales are generally considered of high intelligence or at least highly social animals . 
  so are cows . 
  but with consensus on topics that are n't about muslims . 
   where do you think we send our special forces and foot soldiers to harden them ? 
  to the banlieues ? 
  \\* duck & cover \\*, 
  french guiana is part of france . 
  according to the un refugee convention , refugees have the right of free movement in their host country . 
   article 26 . 
  freedom of movement   each contracting state shall accord to refugees lawfully in its territory the right to choose their place of residence and to move freely within its territory , subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances . 
  -- it just does n't make sense to bring asylum seekers to a remote part or even a remote island of your own country . 
  the whole point of the australian solution is to keep people outside of australia . 
  so they are n't under australian jurisdiction and have no right to asylum in australia . 
   which is why we need a weaker country than turkey that does n't have the power to talk shit . 
  when you hold back thousands of asylum seekers you automatic gain a lot of leverage over the eu . 
  what will the eu do ? 
  use military force ? 
  by doing so we throw ukraine under the bus because all the rhetoric against putin will automatically become useless . 
  there 's a good chance that the `` weaker country '' is much more willing to use the asylum seekers as leverage . 
  there 's a reason why turkey has n't yet reconsidered the refugee deal , and very likely wo n't reconsider it now either . 
  turkish government wo n't admit it , but they need the eu . 
  they talk big but wo n't act . 
  guilty as charged . 
  now please tell me what kind of safety you are talking about if it 's not about crime and terror . 
   since march 2016 [ ... ] the eu member states accepted 3098 refugees from turkish camps . 
  as you can see , the promise of relocating 250,000 per year did totally happen and it was also very serious . 
  you 're talking about the 12 year old children of americans who act like spoiled brats ? 
  the deal about the people is also way more complicated that many believe . 
  eu citizens just have a fuckton of rights . 
  and we 'll take many of them away . 
  the question is if we take all of them away and treat uk citizens like third country nationals or if we grandfather some of the rights for people who are currently residents in another eu country . 
  or maybe we even create a special status that all uk citizens enjoy . 
  `` we wo n't kick them out ( for now ) '' is rather meaningless . 
  because it could very well mean `` we wo n't kick them out , but when it comes to the job market they can only be hired if the employer shows proof that there is no eea/swiss national who can do the job '' . 
  or `` we wo n't kick them out , but they are only allowed family reunification if they fulfil the much harder criteria for families of third country nationals '' . 
  and to figure that out we need negotiations . 
  but the very first question about residence rights has to be answered between the remaining eu members . 
  should we accept individual negotiations and treatment ( non-eu immigration is the sole responsibility of the member state ) or should we act as one entity . 
  like we try with the visa reciprocity for canada and the us . 
  the latter might become ugly when it comes to ireland and the common travel area . 
  we just have to make sure that euroarmy tanks are n't larger than british tanks . 
  as real as a movie set can be . 
  in 2006 they used it to film `` my f\u00fchrer -- the really truest truth about adolf hitler '' . 
  the building housed the german ministry of aviation until 1945 . 
  it 's happening !, 
  erdogan was right !, 
  here 's a photo from the german ministry of finance in berlin : http://i.imgur.com/onozz9x.jpg, 
  the visa free regime is for tourists and business trips for up to 90 days in every 180 day period . 
  we did n't get rid of immigration visa . 
  of course there might be people who travel to the eu on a tourist visa with the intent to request asylum . 
  if that happens in relevant numbers the visa-free travel regime will be suspended . 
  ukrainians do n't really qualify for asylum , and it should be relative easy to send them back . 
  we just had that 2 days ago . 
   eg his strong lobby to accept ukraine-eu aa and merkel did n't ? 
  people like to steal them because they are embarrassed that they have sex . 
  i have a lot of friends who would never buy condoms in a store . 
  though instead of stealing they just order them on amazon . 
   has been more critical than even merkel . 
  what statements are you referring to ? 
  the nice thing is it also works for everyone . 
  do you protest your corrupt government because you do n't like the law changes they recently introduced ? 
  we do n't want protesters in this country . 
  if you do n't like it here , you can leave . 
  in 2016 we had the biggest pension increase since 1993 . 
  4.25 % west and 5.95 % east . 
  social benefits have increased as well . 
  starting this year alg ii has been raised by 20 $ for children aged 6 to 13 . 
  around 5 $ for everyone else . 
  social housing is part of st\u00e4dtebauf\u00f6rderung , 653 million euro were made available in 2016 , 2017 the program has 790 million euro available . 
  infrastructure investments were recently increased as well . 
  but do n't let that stop you from being jealous of refugees and asylum seekers . 
   for example , a second generation afghan immigrant in the us will feel american a first generation afghan immigrant who goes for citizenship will at one point feel american . 
  because everyone will treat him like an american . 
  basically everyone came from somewhere , so it does n't matter where you came from . 
  if you have us citizenship you are american . 
  in europe we call third generation immigrants turks . 
  because if you ca n't trace back your ancestry 200 years you ca n't be one of us . 
  you might have posses our citizenship , but you still are n't one of us . 
  you are n't german , you are `` german '' . 
  you are n't a swede , you are a `` swede '' . 
  especially in chinatown it 's all about assimilation . 
  you called them 2nd and 3rd generation turks . 
  so why should n't they act like turks ? 
  we call people turks because their grandparents migrated from turkey 50 years ago . 
  and then we expect them to act like dutch or germans ? 
  how many east german brands do you know ? 
  decades of communism cause this . 
  not the eu . 
  wikipedia says a lot of things . 
  there are investor companies for all stages of a vc-backed company . 
  venture capital firms like harmony partners basically limit their investments to businesses that are already established but still have untapped potential for expanding . 
  companies like spotify , ozon.ru , delivery hero continue to prioritise growth over profitability . 
  they are not profitable , they lose money . 
  that 's why venture capital is necessary .
