   2 - they were given food and shelter . 
  medical help . 
  security . 
  these too are obligations from the un refugee convention . 
   3 - they are allowed the use of our generous judicial system and human rights laws . 
  another obligation from the un refugee convention . 
  the un guys knew what they were doing when they came up with the refugee convention . 
  the goal was to prevent countries from rejecting asylum seekers if it becomes inconvenient to host them . 
   they could have been denied entry at the border . 
  at this point they could have requested asylum . 
  which would have created the legal obligation for germany to `` accept them '' , i.e. 
  to process their asylum applications . 
  that 's how it works in all countries that ratified the un refugee convention . 
  if you are denied entry you mumble `` i hereby request asylum '' and you are now an asylum seeker and your application will be processed . 
  -- even in the us , even under trump . 
  because we are talking about asylum , which you can only request if you are physically present in the country or at the border checkpoint to that country . 
  trump has n't touched the right to asylum . 
  we are n't talking about the refugee status that allows you to apply from outside the country . 
  i doubt that these numbers are relevant . 
  at least for the immigration statistics , but there are probably people who come to germany with the sole intend to commit crimes . 
  but we do n't hold asylum seekers in custody during their application process . 
  so if you come to germany for economic reasons you could just register , receive welfare and then disappear when your asylum request is denied . 
  or you do n't disappear when your request is denied , continue to receive welfare and take the gamble that you either ca n't be deported or that you are able to avoid being deported by disappearing . 
  if only half as many germans would be only half as anti-non-eu-immigration as this sub wants to make us believe there would be another anti-non-eu-immigration party already . 
  the hurdles to found a party and to participate in elections are not that high in germany . 
   in case of rejections it was done for the reason that the applicant did not fit a category defined by the legislative branch . 
  authorities make mistakes . 
  would n't be the first time that a public servant interprets the definitions by the legislative branch wrong . 
  on top of that there are also cases where the legislative branch made laws that are unconstitutional . 
  authorities also make subjective mistakes and interpret the situations of the individual applicant wrong . 
  that 's why almost every decision by an authority comes with the right to appeal . 
   now you think that every one that feels that he can bend the rules should have the right to sue ? 
  yes . 
  the right to appeal government decisions is one of the core principles of countries under the rule of law . 
   like no one ever lied to get what he wants ? 
  another principle is that individuals are judged by their individual actions and not because they belong to a certain group . 
  you appeal a decision because you want to change the decision . 
  not because you want money . 
  they will receive 0 $ . 
  and they would receive $ 0 in the us as well . 
  nope . 
  any foreign national present in the us or arriving at a port of entry may seek asylum . 
  and they would obviously have the right to appeal the decision too . 
  in 2015 the us received 83,000 applications for affirmative asylum . 
  in the same year the us granted asylum to 26,100 applicants . 
  23.7 % of those were from china . 
  8.3 % from el salvador , followed by guatemala ( 8.0 % ) , egypt ( 6.4 % ) , honduras ( 5.4 % ) , syria ( 3.7 % ) , ethiopia ( 3.4 % ) , mexico ( 3.3 % ) , iraq ( 2.9 % ) , iran ( 2.6 % ) keep in mind that this is about asylum , i.e. 
  either people already in the us who request asylum , or people travelling to the us who request asylum at the port of entry . 
  this is not about refugees that apply from outside of the us . 
  that the numbers are low compared to europe is due to their geographic position , not because the us ignores the un refugee conventions . 
  since the two only realistic ways to enter the us for non-americans are by ship or by plane , it 's quite easy to deport rejected asylum seekers . 
  just tell the company that brought them to the us to take them back . 
  why should the asylum system be out of reach of the judicial branch ? 
  if there would be no way to appeal a decision we could just get rid of the asylum system altogether . 
  what 's the point of having the right to asylum if the authorities could just reject every single case if the situation becomes inconvenient . 
  what was the price per kg ? 
  you asked me to imagine what will happen to that situation in 18 months . 
   you took these leeches , and now you suffer as we said you would . 
  you sound like an npd election poster . 
  we already have the official numbers . 
  there 's no need to show 2015 sources that speculate about the number of asylum seekers germany could get in 2015 . 
  890,000 asylum seekers were actually registered in germany in 2015 . 
  those represent 1.1 million registrations in our first-contact system ( easy ) where asylum seekers are registered to figure out which state is responsible for their asylum request . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/09/asylsuchende-2015.html ) in 2016 321,400 were registered in the easy system , due to multiple registrations that number represents around 280,000 asylum seekers , as far as i know definite numbers are n't out yet [ source ] ( https://www.bpb.de/politik/innenpolitik/flucht/218788/zahlen-zu-asyl-in-deutschland ) from january to june 2017 germany registered 90,400 asylum seekers . 
  the easy system was replaced by something different , i do n't know if the new system has the same problems with multiple registrations . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2017/20170710-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-juni.html ) so we are looking at a grand total of 1.3 million asylum seekers in the last 2.5 years . 
  germany received 890,000 arrivals in 2015 . 
  around 280,000 people in 2016 . 
  between january and june 2017 90,400 people were registered . 
  what about the afd ? 
  according to [ bundeswehr.de ] ( https://www.bundeswehr.de/portal/a/bwde/start/aktuelles/aus_dem_einsatz/!ut/p/z1/hy_ncomweitfyi0bnt0q0ijak_1pliwyyfnsiigvhvrwjrs8sfcwspvnzrla4apm81f13cmjee97yujbrqpjhvcyvyecufhvzbdhfkjndge4_lmwj9fcpqgoqgl1gclibvemymcedfqjpzvuse2u185yz2wwgov6ibys9srqaigk8yxm5lphj222js1jrpii20-bdz7y97zl2-lpoheurs8b06a_wfbck7qoui8c8rss/dz/d5/l2dbisevz0fbis9nqseh/ ) both crew were killed . 
  that 's your rebuttal ? 
  the morgenthau plan ? 
  jeez . 
  different lidl prices are literally like the holocaust . 
  then the uk will import a lot less clothes from china . 
  because when the uk left the customs union those clothes will be treated as chinese cloths by every other eu country . 
  most countries had a transitional phase of 7 years already . 
  how long should that transitional phase be ? 
  and how is it fair that western europeans could use freedom of movement for goods and capital to make money in eastern europe while eastern europeans would n't be allowed to make money in western europe ? 
  does that make you swamp kraut scum ? 
   easily the most cost efficient if you let the government pay for certain things of the nuclear lifecycle . 
  if nuclear energy would be the most cost efficient one would expect a lot more nuclear plants to be build . 
  in 2015 the us produced 19.5 % of its electricity generation with nuclear energy . 
  compared to 15.4 % in germany . 
   well , did n't you know that we have earthquakes and tsunamis here in germany ? 
  after chernobyl everyone knew that there is no risk with nuclear energy as long as you are n't a stupid soviet . 
  now , after two ines 7 accidents we have to fulfil two conditions to be a 100 % safe . 
  do n't be stupid soviets , do n't have tsunamis . 
  here are two things i can guarantee . 
  the next ines 7 accident will neither involve soviets nor tsunamis . 
  and the average redditor will be able to witness it . 
  ca n't wait to see what the third condition for 100 % safe nuclear energy will be . 
  apparently lidl treats us like 2nd class citizens too . 
  parkside demolition hammer - germany : 119 $ - uk : 69.99 # ( ~ 78.50 $ ) http://i.imgur.com/wp6mpg8.png, 
  that 's because lidl treats us like 2nd class citizens . 
   lower transport costs hehe . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/mar/08/uk-faces-2bn-fine-over-chinese-imports-scam-say-eu-anti-fraud-investigators  the european anti-fraud office ( known as olaf from its french name , office de lutte anti-fraude ) has recommended the uk pay $ 1.98 bn into the eu budget to compensate for lost customs duties , as a result of a failure by british customs officials to crack down on criminal gangs using fake invoices and making false claims about the value of clothes and shoes imported from china . 
    [ ... ]   in one example given by the anti-fraud team , women 's trousers imported from china were declared in the uk at an average price of $ 0.91 a kg , although market prices for cotton were $ 1.44 kg , a disparity that failed to raise the alarm for the british . 
   a uk person can have double the boxers for the same money according to lidl western europeans change their underwear twice as often .
