  in the same period last year germany decided on 78,688 applications . 
  protection quota ( including un asylum , asylum according to the german constitution and subsidiary protection ) was 38,7 % in 2015 . 
  in last years period it was 28.4 % . 
  protecting european values , one journalist at a time . 
  saying `` not our problem '' is all it takes to get your respect ? 
  thomas de maiziere is not merkel . 
  that 's the fucking problem . 
  instead of proposing shit , every country continues with `` not our problem '' . 
  it should n't be that hard to convince the visegr\u00e1d group to back romania 's proposal . 
   eu army , safe-zones , donate construction materials , food and everything else they need there . 
  this is the only thing you can get the whole of eu to support . 
  when will romania officially propose this ? 
  did i miss some important news , or what exactly does eastern europe do ? 
  do they help hungary to protect their border ? 
  if it 's that easy , why does n't latvia offer to do that ? 
  i believe the eu has offered 6,000 $ for each resettled refugee . 
  sounds like a good deal if you just have to deport them . 
  can we make a compromise ? 
  merkel issues another statement to cancel the invitation . 
  and we host all asylum seekers that entered the eu between merkels invitation and one month after the cancellation . 
  but we relocate all people that requested asylum between 2014 and merkels invitation to other eu countries ? 
  that 's only 450,000 people . 
  nothing in comparison to the people that are on their way because of merkels `` invitation '' . 
  because we ca n't handle millions of asylum seekers alone . 
  before we build a razor wire fence between us and our neighbors , we will increase capacity by building unhcr style refugee camps that can host millions of people . 
  turning the eu into 27 countries that are protected from each other by razor wire is against pretty much everything germany stands for . 
  welcome to b2b . 
  where people actually care about the product and not the flashy presentation . 
  but it does not require razor wire fence . 
  do you seriously believe germany will get out the nato fence ? 
  germany reintroduced border checkpoints , that means federal police will be stationed near border crossings to stop and inspect vehicles , trains and persons . 
  we wo n't erect a fence . 
  you 're right . 
  they stole something . 
  then they went away . 
  then they brought the machete . 
   threatening to attack someone with a deadly weapon as a means to steal is fucking armed robbery !, 
  you are correct . 
  but he did not threaten them to steal something . 
  they stole something and went away . 
  later they came back with machete and pepper spray . 
  it was not robbery . 
  it was threatening . 
  if he would have demanded something it would have been robbery . 
  in that case it would have been okay to shot him , because robbery has a minimum penalty of 5 years imprisonment ,, 
   so taking hostages , armed robbery , holding someone at gunpoint ( or by sword in this case ) are not violent crimes and are instead ... just theft ? 
  nope . 
  taking hostages is taking hostages , armed robbery is armed robbery , holding someone at gunpoint it probably unlawful detention , threatening , and a violation of weapon control law . 
  if the holding at gunpoint was done to get something it 's armed robbery . 
   it 's the same thing in your head to steal some gum and to fucking hold a machete to a child 's throat , demanding money from their parents ? 
  threatening someone with a machete to get money is armed robbery . 
  you must have very few laws in uk if everything is `` assault with a deadly weapon '' . 
  -- the amount of probation time does not equal the amount of prison time . 
  you wo n't get 1 year probation if you are sentenced to 1 year imprisonment . 
  and what is important is the minimum sentence , not the maximum sentence . 
  in that case you 1 . committed a crime that carries a minimum penalty of more than 1 year 2 . and are in possession of a firearm both allow the police to shoot you . 
  if he would have used a firearm instead of a machete for the threat , police could and would have shot him . 
  there was no assault . 
  threatening people with assault is simply threatening . 
  to protect themselves and others from present attacks . 
  or to stop criminals who committed serious crimes ( defined as 1 year minimum imprisonment ) , or to stop criminals who carry firearms or explosives . 
  verbrechen is defined as a crime that has a minimum sentence of 1 year imprisonment . 
  neither shop lifting nor threatening carry such a minimum punishment . 
  in that regard , the un refugee convention does n't allow much leeway . 
  criminal acts are mentioned in article 1 . 
  for the purposes of the present convention , the term `` refugee '' shall apply to ** any person ** [ ... ]  [ ... ]  f . the provisions of this convention shall not apply to any person with respect to whom there are serious reasons for considering that :  ( a ) he has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity , as defined in the international instruments drawn up to make provision in respect of such crimes ;  ( b ) he has committed a serious non-political crime outside the country of refuge prior to his admission to that country as a refugee ; ( c ) he has been guilty of acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
  which makes sense , because denying asylum to people with valid asylum claims could very much be a death sentence . 
  unfortunately many asylum seekers know that . 
  if i were in charge i would host criminal ( starting with shop theft ) asylum seekers in unhcr style refugee camps . 
  somewhere in rural brandenburg we should be able to find a place for a camp where all the criminals can spend the rest of the life in safety from persecution . 
  in germany you will have a hard time claiming self defense if you shoot someone in the back . 
   what is it with these people and the throat slitting ? 
  this is the third one that i know of who has made such gestures towards europeans . 
  [ `` these people '' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/football/2013/dec/19/greg-dyke-england-2014-world-cup-football-association ), 
  how many of the 450,000 `` these people '' that arrived in germany since the beginning of last year , do things like that ? 
  and i hope germany is ready to flood slovakia with dublin relocation requests . 
  nothing changes . 
  people who receive asylum status are already allowed to work . 
   you do realize that relatively speaking , nothing would change from the current situation ? 
  that 's what i said . 
  nothing changes but we can pretend that we found a eu solution . 
  you are declaring the current , unacceptable situation as the new normal . 
   actually , everyone pays for it sure . 
  some countries will just pay a little bit more . 
  the eu15 contributes 90 % of the eu budget . 
  great idea . 
  north , west and south europe pays for it ; north , west and south europe has to provide the infrastructure ; and north , west and south europe also has to integrate them . 
  it 's basically like today , but everyone can pretend that we found a eu wide solution . 
  great idea . 
  if you are eastern europe . 
  lol, 
  between [ april 2014 and march 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_q1_2014_\u2013_q1_2015.png ) switzerland received 21610 asylum applications . 
  at the same time germany received 212830 applications . 
  the population of germany is 80 million , the population of switzerland is 8 million . 
  on a per capita base switzerland and germany received the same number of applications . 
  the government does not cooperate with the amadeu antonio foundation because the chairwoman has far-left beliefs , as it was implied by the posting i replied to . 
  in germany hate speech is not covered by freedom of speech . 
  she was not hired specifically . 
  the government wants to work together with ngos like the [ amadeu antonio foundation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amadeu_antonio_foundation ) . 
  and kahane is the chairwoman of that foundation .
