  do you think the strength of a countries military depends on the percentage of gdp they spend ? 
   i believe , germany is harming diplomatic relations of every member of the eu . 
  because germany is the only country that opposes giving away 85000000000 euro without guarantees ? 
  what if they do another referendum after they received the money to undo all the measures that were proposed by greece ? 
  who would have thought that the german finance minister is in the board of directors of a bank that is owned by the german government ( 80 % federal germany , 20 % german states ) . 
  and next year the chairman will be the federal minister of economic affairs . 
  and the year after that it 'll be the federal minister of finance again . 
  what 's the point of this thread ? 
  it 's about 86000000000 euro . 
  that 's 30 % of the taxes that federal germany has planned to collect in 2015 . 
  do you really think a sane mind would give that much money away without trust that the receiver makes good use of it ? 
  people are already up in arms because the greek government has to coordinate fiscal law changes with the troika . 
  i do n't want to imagine what would happen if the eurozone would take over the greek tax office . 
  greece did surrender fiscal sovereignty before . 
  they had to ask the troika for changes in fiscal law . 
  and now they have to do it again . 
  there 's another difference . 
  because greece is a member of a monetary union , they do n't have sovereignty over their money . 
  for example they ca n't print money without consent from the ecb . 
  and similar to this , greece wants to be a member of a `` bailout union '' . 
  and if they want that they have to give some sovereignty away . 
  loan sharks do n't break your knees if you ask them for another loan . 
  they do that if you do n't pay back what you have lend . 
  and that 's explicitly not what the troika does . 
  if greece wants to default they can do it . 
  nobody will break their knees . 
  but a default naturally comes with a bunch of consequences . 
  and in greece case one of them is that they have to leave the eurozone to be able to recover from the default . 
   they have delayed one payment to the imf in lieu of the current negotiations . 
  they have delayed because they do n't have the money to pay . 
   it would be reckless of them to pay such a large amount if they are going to be forced out anyways . 
  wait until you realize who the imf is . 
  i doubt that greece will be `` forced out '' of the organization the imf represents . 
   once negotiations are completed , and they are still in the ez , then they will pay . 
  from the money that they receive from the eurozone . 
  and in 5 years you 'll tell us that the eurozone just bailed out the imf and greece never received any money . 
  we need that money to host the hundreds of thousands asylum seekers we got . 
  ask the uk and eastern europe instead . 
   why is it different for europe ? 
  because countries choose to handle it different . 
  ask your government to send refugees home after they no longer need protection , in a decade or two . 
  it 's interesting to see what difference a gun makes . 
  a few days ago in zwickau , a 46 year old man used a knife to kill two random pensioners ( 67 and 81 ) on the street . 
  he was later overpowered by two men when he tried to choke a third women . 
  besides the gun , a very similar case . 
  but i ca n't even find an english language source for that incident . 
  duu haave to veerdooble dee vookaale do kliinge wieu een belgiee . 
   and start implementing australian measures . 
  and great britain will be our papua new guinea . 
   if anyone should leave the emu it 's germany . 
  yes please . 
  i would love to see how the rest does without evil germany . 
   and leave everyone elses the f *** alone . 
  so we do n't have to agree on a third bailout for greece ? 
  or did you mean `` give money and shut up '' ? 
  exactly that 's what greece could do . 
  it 's called a default . 
  i have n't met a single german who wants to do that . 
  and the diesel locomotive behind the steam locomotive could n't do it alone ? 
  sounds like someone needed an excuse to drive around in style . 
   the rest of europe understandably feels threatened any time germany `` steps up '' who exactly ? 
  it 's germany itself that refuses to take that position . 
  the polish minister of defense has urged germany to increase military spending . 
  not austria , italy or finland . 
  poland !, 
  it 's basically for countries that ca n't afford to not do austerity . 
  i guess that 's what happens if you take the leading role . 
  on the bright side i can now relate to the frustration of us-citizens that feel their country is blamed for all the shit in the world . 
  no pumpkin festivals in new glasgow ? 
   united nation 's convention against corruption at least that one was ratified in november 2014 . 
  so what 's the right word ? 
  it 's hard not to leave if you 're unemployed and it 's pretty much guaranteed that you will have a job if you leave . 
  if you have a degree it 's probably one of the easiest professions to get a eu working permit . 
  everyone is looking for software developers . 
  if you do n't want to be in denmark , ireland and the uk , look up eu blue card . 
  every eu country except those three are part of the program . 
  you need a degree , and a job or a binding job offer that pays 1.5 times the average salary in the country . 
  i assume you are on mobile . 
  that user has a greek flag next to his username . 
  this shit is some weird sarcastical reverse-racism . 
  implying that germans accuse greeks of all the bad things . 
  no , he 's dead serious . 
  but do they actually happen ? 
  i ca n't remember a single instance of fund raisers for individual patients in europe . 
  all i see are rallies to get people registered as bone marrow donors ( which also needs money as donations ) , and fund raisers for cancer research organizations . 
  to see that a 11 year old girl needs an internet fundraiser to be able to pay for leukemia treatment is a fucking disgrace . 
  and hearing that this is good because it helps to attract industrious and ambitious people instead of welfare seekers makes me sick . 
   german tourism is on par to match or surpass 2014 and compared to 2010 ? 
  the us already contributes daily opinion pieces . 
  what more do you want ? 
  so you want to rename asylum to war visa ? 
  asylum works exactly the same way . 
  countries are free to deport people protected by asylum if the conditions are safe again . 
  reality is a bit more complicated . 
  we do n't have world war ii style wars anymore . 
  back then there was a set date and everyone stopped fighting , and the war was over . 
  civil wars take decades to calm to a point that can be considered safe , decades in which the refugees integrate in the communities of their host countries . 
   struggle with the concept , eh ? 
  eastern europeans have seen how this `` concept '' looks in reality in the west you mean before the fall of the iron curtain when ten-thousands of eastern europeans seeked asylum in the west ? 
  it 's also great if you get cancer .
