  they are a anti-refugee party . 
  in 5 years , when nobody will talk about refugees anymore , they 'll have to fight to reach the 5 % threshold . 
  the eu could just decrease spending by 15 % or so . 
  we could also wean them off by decreasing by 15 % each year they refuse to cooperate . 
  join the afghan army and fight against the taliban . 
  they are n't in a civil war like syria , where half of the population fights against the other half . 
  joining the army and fighting against the taliban is therefor a sane choice . 
  maybe then the western armies could one day leave afghanistan . 
  afghan men who are able to join the army come to europe . 
  and european soldiers are sent to afghanistan to keep the population safe . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  any signs that this will repeat ? 
  because i do n't see any . 
  in fact , many of our former enemies , including the us , france and even poland have asked us to invest more into our military . 
  yes , people in west berlin could travel to west germany freely . 
  not only by airplane , but also by train and car . 
  leaving west berlin by boat was not allowed . 
  only commercial freight companies were allowed to do so . 
  the trains were run by east germany and they were n't allowed to stop anywhere on east german territory . 
  if you were traveling by car you were n't allowed to leave the transit-autobahn . 
  you were prohibited from meeting east germans . 
  plenty of stasi officers were driving on the autobahn to watch what people were doing . 
  there was a border barrier between the two german states . 
  and whole west berlin was surrounded by the berlin wall . 
  the berlin wall is just a much better symbol than the 1,400 km long border barrier . 
  so people tend to concentrate on the berlin wall . 
  it 's not a german , but wikipedia can help : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/public_holidays_in_germany, 
   i wish these protest organizers would do it on the weekend as some of us have to work with these women . 
  it 's training for you . 
  because several of these women might have to give birth and raise a child that they do n't want . 
  then they wo n't be available either . 
  thank you for your service . 
  i was born in the bezirk karl-marx-stadt . 
  do n't forget the neonazi terror group nsu . 
  and do n't forget the interior minister who in his fight for `` saxony has no problems with the extreme right '' presented that obviously fake letter ( published on a website where everyone can publish everything under every screen name ) to the press where the antifa claimed responsible for the two bombs . 
  `` we have to investigate if this letter is legit , but before we do that we wanted to let you know that the antifa has claimed responsibility !, 
  it was even published by antifa dresden !, 
  and they used leftist language !, 
  so it could be legit . 
  but we have to investigate . 
  but let me repeat , it could be legit '' . 
  man . 
  it 's just sad . 
  before 1945 we were know for our innovative industry and our many inventions . 
  nowadays we 're known for our neonazis . 
  and the state government continues to pretend that everything is fine . 
   the non-german local debit card is ec karte - a german personal finance `` innovation '' luckily completely ignored and not accepted in the rest of the eu . 
  that 's why basically every german ec card comes with a maestro/v-pay debit function . 
  the real reason why the credit/debit card ca n't replace the ec card in germany are the transaction fees for the merchant . 
  which for the electronic mode of ec is around 0.3 % or 0.08 $ , whichever is lower . 
  for the mode where the merchant just gets the bank account number from the card and then does direct debit himself it 's even totally free . 
  regular debit cards charge the merchant 2 % or more . 
  credit cards even want 4 % and more . 
  indeed . 
  but you linked the article . 
  in the real world they actually can . 
  because not everyone wants to withdraw their money . 
  yes , i 've found that article as well . 
  but after skimming through that article i came to the conclusion that this has nothing to do with banknotes and atms . 
  --  the lsm [ liquidity saving mechanism ] , which uses algorithms to match up groups of broadly offsetting chaps payments and then settle them simultaneously , has reduced chaps banks ' intraday liquidity requirements by around 20 % , or # 4 billion . 
  bank a wants to pay # 100,000 to bank b via chaps , the united kingdom 's high-value sterling payment system . 
  bank b wants to pay # 100,000 to bank a. 
  up until the introduction of lsm , there were two options : - bank a pays bank b. 
  bank b then pays back bank a at a later time . 
  this uses up # 100,000 intraday liquidity of bank a until bank b has paid . 
  which might cause unnecessary liquidity problems . 
  - bank a waits until bank b has paid to keep that intraday liquidity . 
  which might lead to a deadlock that ca n't be resolved until the end of the trading day because bank b might wait until bank a has paid . 
  new with lsm : - the payments of bank a and bank b are matched , and they occur simultaneous . 
  no intraday liquidity is used , and no risk of unresolved payments . 
  sounds like a good system for inter-bank clearance . 
  but i doubt that an atm of deutsche bank waits to spit out 500 $ until someone has made a 500 $ deposit on a cash-deposit machine . 
  and so nobody notices ( eu regulators love banks that lie to disguise liquidity problems ) they call that waiting period `` it error '' . 
  ----- but i 'm not a financial expert . 
  so i might be wrong . 
  or it 's a zerohedge phantasy . 
  since there was a wall between our countries which caused different english proficiency , i 'm talking about the eastern states of germany here . 
   how likely is it that i can communicate with a person i grab on the street ? 
  if you talk to someone < 30 there 's at least a chance that basic communication is possible . 
   how many are able to watch english tv unhindered ? 
  if i would have to pick a number i would say less than 5 % . 
   how is the difference between the low - and high-educated ? 
  large . 
  most people who have finished 12 years of school can hold a real conversation . 
  you wo n't be able to do that with most people who left school after 9 years . 
   how big is the discrepancy between age groups ? 
  very large . 
  at least here in east germany , where just 26 years ago schools taught russian instead of english . 
  the consumer price of a product is more related to `` what is the customer willing to pay '' than anything else . 
   any such fee or tax should have been applied at the border before the product reached you , if there was even going to be one in the first place . 
  the eu is a customs union . 
  there are no borders for goods , if that good is for personal use . 
  denmark should have a consumer rights protection center . 
  you should contact them , the consumer rights protection center of the eu is not responsible , because you have a problem with a danish contractor and not with someone from another eu country . 
  the euro is entirely irrelevant in that case . 
  both denmark and estonia are in the eu customs union . 
  there are no tariffs or taxes when you buy a good in estonia and bring it to denmark . 
  legally that is n't even called importing . 
  same like buying something in berlin and bringing it to munich is not importing . 
  norway on the other hand is not in the eu customs union .
