  russia has been forced to adopt defensive countermeasures . '', 
  that was what russian defense minister sergey shoygu said in november , during a joint meeting with the belarusian ministry of defense in minsk . 
    the russian ministry of defense recently published a call for rail transport service bids on its official website . 
  according to the call , some 4,126 of a total of 5,265 cars to be used to transport russian military equipment in 2017 are to be dedicated to belarus . 
  ** that would be 83 times as many as in 2016 . 
  german soldiers are currently near \u017baga\u0144 . 
  350 million #, 
  that is n't true . 
  germany enacted laws so asylum seekers and refugees who committed crimes can be expelled . 
  that 's a legal process where the residence permit is revoked . 
  people will have fewer rights ( no right to work , less welfare ) , but that does n't mean that people are returned to their home countries . 
  german laws do n't invalidate human rights and the un refugee convention . 
  people who are eligible for refugee status can not be deported outside of very few and very special circumstances . 
  committing crimes in your host country is not such a case . 
   it 's not unreasonable to do so : https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2015/11/20/infographic-screening-process-refugee-entry-united-states if you can hand-pick refugees because there 's the atlantic ocean between your country and the refugees . 
  where would the eu put the refugees that do n't have proper papers ? 
  regarding co2 equivalent gas is much better than coal though . 
  though it 's useless to look at single points in time like that map does , especially if the points in time are vastly different for each country . 
  according to the [ european environment agency ] ( http://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/indicators/overview-of-the-electricity-production-1/assessment ) german electricity production created 636 g co2 per kwh of electricity in 2013 . 
  netherlands produced 490 g co2 per kwh . 
  average in the eu28 was 558 g co2 per kwh . 
  european clean energy champion france produced 593 g co2 per kwh . 
  as far as i know they have n't even picked a location . 
  do n't be so ungrateful . 
  we gave you st. paddy 's day . 
   everyone can process information and realise that hitting someone else is bad . 
  and plenty people that know that still abuse their partners . 
  domestic violence continues to be a widespread thing even in `` civilised '' countries . 
  but what colors ? 
  before that we called them neo-nazis and white supremacists . 
  but that 's not pc enough , so now we have to call them alt-right to not hurt their feelings . 
  1 rape, 
   the fact that people actually celebrate this is a reminder of what decades of being force-fed pure ideology will do to you . 
  they celebrate because they remember in which directions the weapons of the border guards were pointing . 
  if i had to guess : welfare that is driven by private donations in large parts similar to the us . 
  instead of providing affordable health care that covers all conditions you have fund raisers and cake sales for friends who have cancer . 
  and hospitals that require donations to provide free care for children who suffer from conditions like cancer . 
  and instead of providing adequate care for veterans you say `` thank you for your service '' to them in front of a super market while handing over your spare change . 
  instead of paying them unemployment benefits you can hire the unemployed as day laborers . 
  on christmas you can also volunteer in a soup kitchen instead of giving people enough money so they do n't need soup kitchens . 
  some people prefer donation funded welfare over tax funded welfare . 
  ca n't pat yourself on the back for paying taxes . 
  my translation :  it remains unknown who gave the camera recordings to bild newspaper first [ one day before police published the video ] . 
  the police does not preclude that the material was handed over from their own ranks . 
  this is under investigation . 
  should have thought about that before your politicians started to disgruntle the member states that would be able to grant you more than these two years of negotiation time . 
  they probably linked the wrong tweet . 
  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/808301935728230404  donald j. trump @realdonaldtrump   the f-35 program and cost is out of control . 
  billions of dollars can and will be saved on military ( and other ) purchases after january 20th . 
  us providers do n't upgrade their tech because they have no competition . 
  german telekom does n't upgrade because it has to share its expensive investments with the competition , and telekom wo n't get a reasonable roi on their investments . 
  the other german providers do n't upgrade because they will never be able to reimburse their costs with their contract prices . 
  the outcome is the same . 
  shitty infrastructure . 
  telekom suggested a time limit of forced line-sharing for newly laid fibre connections . 
  so for the first 5 years only telekom would be able to sell contracts on those lines . 
  the other providers lobbied against that , so the government declined that . 
  then telekom suggested that the government pays a part of the new fibre infrastructure , but the government does n't want that either . 
   sure , they can have their monopoly back nobody is talking about that . 
  just limit forced infrastructure sharing to existing and non-fibre infrastructure . 
   or , how about this : telekom stays private , but the infrastructure goes back to the state . 
  sounds like a plan . 
  it does . 
  and now convince the government to spend 140 billion euro on fttb connections , which are then rented to the providers according to the fees set by the bundesnetzagentur . 
  those fees wo n't cover the maintenance the state has to do on that infrastructure . 
  great deal for the tax payer . 
  great deal . 
  other companies are of course allowed to invest in infrastructure . 
  but they do n't . 
  because it 's expensive . 
  the fees are set by a state agency . 
  nobody is stopping the other internet providers from creating infrastructure . 
  right now nobody does . 
  the telekom does n't because once they are finished they have to share that infrastructure with their competitors . 
  and the competitors do n't because it 's too expensive , so they wait for telekom to do the work . 
   considering the lines were presumably built when the company was state-owned/run , that seems like a reasonable thing to do . 
  the rules continue to apply even for new infrastructure . 
  because way more people moved to south korea . 
  according to un data ... 
  according to the german migration agency , germany had a net migration rate of +550,000 people in 2014 alone . 
  ( 2013 : +429,000 , 2012 : +369,000 , 2011 : +279,000 , 2010 : +128,000 ) that 's 1.7 million people between 2010 and 2014 . 
  the map shows 462,546 for 2010-2015 source : [ migrationsbericht 2014 ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/migrationsberichte/migrationsbericht-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) , table 1-6 , page 168, 
  first day on the job you 'll be up for a surprise . 
   both sexes have the naked checks , ** and for female staff they are conducted by women . 
   now , honestly , when do we get fast internet like the rest of the world ? 
  when telekom is no longer required to share network infrastructure they created with their competitors . 
  extrapolated from the [ estimated cost of fttb coverage in rheinland-pfalz ] ( http://www.golem.de/news/ministerpraesidentin-rheinland-pfalz-wird-netze-durch-glasfaser-ersetzen-1601-118648.html ) , nationwide fttb coverage would cost more than twice of the total r&d spending in germany . 
  yep , migration crisis was caused in late august ~ ~ 2014 ~ ~ 2015 when merkel invited everyone . 
  the asylum seekers that amassed in keleti station in june and july were time travellers . 
  but you in the balkan are already trying that . 
  albania and kosovo are literally on the second and third place by asylum applications in 2015 in germany . 
  of the 476,649 people that requested asylum in 2015 , 54,762 were from albania , 37,095 from kosovo , 26,945 from serbia , 14,131 from macedonia . 
  that 's 132,933 people just from these four countries . 
  none . 
  eu law does not apply to goods that were bought outside of the eu . 
   brexit is brexit is brexit is brexit . 
  it 's blue white and red now . 
  correct headline : ### europol banned from publishing full pictures of suspects on facebook and twitter . 
  -- europol can and does publish full pictures of suspects on their own website . 
  as opposed to two million or three new economic migrants .
