  there are just two nationalities from which more people are leaving than coming , germans and turks . 
  oh and btw , those turks who are leaving ? 
  business owners , lawyers , doctors , engineers . 
  mission accomplished . 
  i like how the solution is to have women work more . 
  for fucks sake . 
  one of the big reasons for low fertility is that a single income is no longer enough to support a family . 
   migrants living in makeshift camp in paris complain about the city 's smell  they also say it is too noisy and that ` even in africa ' they slept indoors we should print that on flyers and drop them all over africa . 
  do n't come !, 
  we stink !, 
  are loud !, 
  no houses !, 
  ca n't jack lew write a 1.7 billion dollar check and slip it into tsipras pocket ? 
  that would help . 
  and nobody needs to know where that money came from . 
  besides adoption , what upgrades are still needed ? 
  taxes , inheritance , proxy consent , property law , widows rights should all be equal already . 
   i see your point , but i think two-tier could work , providing integration confers more advantages . 
  countries like norway and switzerland hanging around on the periphery is fine in my opinion of course that 's fine . 
  the uk can do that too . 
  one of their bigger problems seems to be freedom of movement . 
  the problem with leaving the eu and taking the position of norway or switzerland is that they wo n't get there without free movement . 
  all eea countries and switzerland have agreed to adopt eu free movement . 
  the eu should not grant the same level of access for a different set of rules . 
  that 's why uk wants a two-tiered eu . 
  they want more rights and less duties than countries like switzerland . 
  if we grant special rights to the uk , others will request special rights too . 
  germany wo n't agree to limit co2 emissions in cars . 
  hungary will get the death penalty back . 
  italy wo n't implement the eu climate goals . 
  and so on . 
  every eu country has a couple of eu rules that they do n't want . 
  at this point the eu just does n't make sense anymore . 
  if we want laws and treaties on eu level they have to be binding for all eu members . 
  if the uk has needs that are incompatible with the eu so be it . 
  they will get a free trade agreement instead of eu membership . 
  but if they want access to the eu on a level similar to switzerland and norway , it 's very likely that the uk has to adopt freedom of movement . 
  because norway , switzerland , liechtenstein and iceland all have freedom of movement in regards to the eu ? 
  the uk wo n't get the same deal without freedom of movement . 
  just look at switzerland and their referendum about the immigration quota . 
  they have n't implemented the quota yet . 
  they will lose all their important treaties with the eu if they abolish free movement . 
   norway and switzerland do get the advantage for single market access without eu membership , which means no voice when new regulations are implemented , that 's their downside . 
  that seems fair to me , but what the uk wants is completely different . 
  they have more downsides ( from an uk perspective ) . 
  iceland , liechtenstein , norway and switzerland all agreed to freedom of movement . 
  as an eu citizen you can work in any of these countries and vice versa . 
  uk does n't even want that . 
  economy . 
  the government does n't want to anger russia . 
  germany still hopes that putin reverses everything he did and we can ramp up trade again . 
  but if nato wants a base in the baltics it will happen regardless of germanys opinion . 
  or am i wrong and this needs an unanimous decision ? 
  maybe it 's about food trucks ? 
  does the french government always stick to its words ? 
  at least in germany it would be easier to count the things that have * not * been implemented after they had been ruled out . 
  do n't worry , all eu countries can discuss , propose changes and veto anything germany/france/uk proposes . 
  democracy does not mean that we have to create proposals in a truly democratic way . 
  but you can always vote on them . 
  believe it or not , bulgaria could even create its own proposals . 
  maybe your politicians should meet with cameron and discuss how the uk can be kept in the union . 
  just do n't constantly shit on germany because they try to prevent the disintegration of the eu . 
   to house all of those refugees should eu just make iceland or sicilia just refugee-camp ? 
  because not integrating them will make everything easier ? 
   or do people really think that eu can handle lot of people that have until now lived in totally different style and enviroment ? 
  yes . 
  that 's the reason one of the foundational principles of the eu is freedom of movement . 
  i know i know , that 's totally different . 
  because eu is the culture in the union , and we are all basically the same . 
   but it must be done in a smart way . 
   first you need to prioritize ; help the ones more in need , war refugees , or religious persecuted before economic immigrants . 
  economic refugees do n't get asylum . 
  that 's why there is a application process that takes months . 
  its only purpose is to figure out who needs protection . 
  those who do n't need protection can and will be send home . 
   second , the country has to be able to maintain them , give them jobs , give them a future . 
  obviously . 
  that 's what most countries try to do . 
   and third you ca n't sell your society for that , do n't give up the safety we european countries have ; and be a little loyal to yourself , repect other cultures but if in some points it clashes with your own , do n't accept it , it 's that simple . 
  that 's not how the refugee system works . 
  you can not deny refugees protection just because you fear that your citizens do n't like them . 
  you ca n't pick which refugees you want to take . 
  you have to take every single person that needs protection . 
  every single eu country can make that work . 
  different cultures do n't matter if spaniards come to germany to escape unemployment . 
  different cultures do n't matter if poles move to uk . 
  but if the culture is non-eu it suddenly becomes a big deal . 
  if you had to flee your country , would you rather take the cheap trip to belarus or the expensive trip to uk ? 
  of course you would go to uk if you could afford it . 
  just because someone can pay a couple grand to cross the mediterranean sea does n't turn a legit refugee into an economic migrant . 
   but that does not mean that we should tolerate boatpeople or other forms of economic migration disguised as seeking asylum . 
  that 's not a matter of tolerating . 
  we simply have no choice . 
  un refugee convention states that any person can request asylum if they set foot into a host country . 
  so if they reach italy because the german navy brought them there , they can request asylum . 
  the convention forbids to endanger people by taking them ( back ) to unsafe countries . 
  towing their boats back to libya is a violation of the convention . 
  and if a asylum seeker thinks they fall under the un convention they get immunity from all border violations immediately . 
  you ca n't tell them that you wo n't protect them if they enter illegally . 
  you do n't want economic refugees ?
