  another fun fact : to pay all these families child benefits in these 4 years , you would need 16 billion euro more than 100 billion euro . 
  please elaborate . 
   yet merkel has the floodgates opened if only you could leave the schengen area so you do n't have to let in these asylum seekers . 
  have you read more than the headline of that article ? 
  we pretty much call the whole uk england . 
  yes . 
  it was the only way to prevent b\u00f6hmermann from running for chancellor . 
  all cases that the police has opened . 
  last year insults made up 3.4 % of all criminal cases . 
  that 's what the state attorney said as well . 
  yes . 
  i would have expected a 1,000,000 man strong eu army last friday already . 
  eu never fails to disappoint . 
  so who assesses if a company deserves to being called out ? 
  or will all companies publish the numbers of foreigners they employ ? 
  in that case , how to make sure that the numbers will always be published with the little text that businesses use to justify their hiring decision ? 
  because that `` those uk businesses hate brits '' list that will be compiled by the sun eventually will look like this : - company a : 76 % foreigners - company b : 76 % foreigners where company a has hired foreigners with phds in mathematics and company b has hired foreign unskilled workers . 
  to be fair , the eu has 28 vat systems . 
  that bottle of water you sell in one country for 0 % vat , goes for 8 % reduced vat in another country , and for 19 % standard vat in just another country . 
  so let 's hope that the form that businesses have to use to report the number of foreigners they employ has a field so they can explain why they made that hiring decision . 
  though you would still have to publish how many foreigners you employ . 
  and from an outsiders perspective that number would look exactly like the number of a business that hires foreigners because they can be paid less . 
  so you better include the salaries of the employees in that list . 
  otherwise you risk that an angry mob of unemployed brits takes matters in their own hands . 
  why do you complain ? 
  you were only promised to get rid of bureaucracy that was dictated by brussels . 
  in the case of healthcare , norway is part of the shit show . 
  yes . 
  you go to the police and report an insult , and investigations will start . 
  all the time , every time . 
  no matter if the suspects called you an asshole or goat fucking pedophile who fucks 100 sheep and attends gang bang parties with a rubber mask . 
  no matter if the insulted person is a prostitute , a salesperson , a student or a 5 year old . 
  it 's a bit different for cases where the insulted is a civil servant ( not necessary in the legal sense ) , for example a judge , a teacher , a politician , a fire fighter or a police officer . 
  if they were insulted during their job , their employer will automatically ask for prosecution of the case . 
  normally the insulted person has to do that . 
  in the case of an insult the investigation consists of sending a letter to the accused that asks for a written statement . 
  once that statement is in or if the deadline was reached , the police forwards the case to the prosecutor office . 
  a lot of cases are then dropped because the prosecutor just has no interest in pressing charges , in that case the insulted is suggested to use civil law against the accused . 
  many cases are dropped because they are insignificant . 
  many cases are dropped after the accused has agreed to pay a small sum of money ( which is legally not a fine ) to a charity or sometimes even to the insulted . 
  if the case is n't dropped , the state attorney will issue a penalty order , which orders the accused to pay a fine . 
  if the accused objects against that order , only then an actual court gets involved . 
  there are also very very few cases where the attorney skips all that and goes right to court . 
  the decision to drop the case is also where the law becomes less uniformly enforced . 
  cases against politicians and police officers on duty are basically never dropped before the penalty order . 
  and cases that happen in traffic are almost never dropped if the insulted does n't agree that the accused can make that payment that is n't a fine . 
  a last resort that , according to the 2015 criminal statistics , was used 218,414 times ( 2014 : 225,098 ) . 
  not sure why you are down-voted . 
   section 185  insult   an insult shall be punished with imprisonment not exceeding one year or a fine and , if the insult is committed by means of an assault , with imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine . 
  click on it . 
  it 's actually the flag of england . 
   one government for the whole world . 
  and we shall call it the un , because it 's impossible to govern the whole world if you want to do more than the few basics that involve all people . 
  that 's also why basically all countries are divided further on a subnational level . 
  serious : what was the last french military involvement that was n't in accordance with the un ? 
  hmd global does n't own these rights alone . 
  they own them together with fih mobile , a subsidiary of foxconn . 
  hmd global is responsible for marketing , distribution and sales . 
  development and production is with foxconn . 
  but at least europe gets a nokia marketing office . 
  unfortunately that office wo n't stay open for long . 
  android will resurrect nokia as much as it saved blackberry . 
  blackberry recently announced that they will no longer make phones . 
  businesses that 15 years ago dreamed about firing their developers in change for offshoring to india soon started to realize an important thing . 
  their business interest and the business interest of the offshoring company do n't align . 
  the outsourcing company does n't care about your project . 
  they do n't care if the thing you 're getting is useful for you . 
  they do n't care about maintainability of the code . 
  they actually do n't care about you at all . 
  they care about getting money , so they can pay their developers ( or themselves , if you 're dealing with a single developer ) . 
  and if your project becomes too much of a hassle because they underestimated the work when they said `` yes , yes , no problem '' , they 'll drop you like a hot potato and say `` yes , yes , no problem '' to the next project . 
  if you want you can sue them in front of a local court for failing the contract . 
  but you very likely wo n't get anything , because by the time the court has made a judgement that company no longer exists . 
  nope , the local developer will never be replaced by offshoring . 
   also wtf is going on in estonia ? 
  oil shale . 
  according to this [ 2013 iea report ] ( https://www.iea.org/publications/freepublications/publication/estonia2013_free.pdf ) , 85.3 % of estonia 's electricity generation came from oil shale . 
  estonia extracts something like 80 % of the oil shale that is used in the world . 
  oil shale has the problem that it is `` contaminated '' with other minerals . 
  lime in particular will increase co2 significantly when you burn oil shale . 
  according to wikipedia the estonian oil shale plants produce 60 % more co2-equivalent per kwh than modern coal plants . 
  it 's illegal to insult anyone . 
  that can result in a fine or up to 1 year imprisonment . 
  if you insult a foreign head of state you face a fine or up to 3 years imprisonment . 
  they plan to abolish the article until 2018 . 
  according to the prosecutor the context of the poem was a large part of the reasons why it was n't illegal . 
  the context being the pretext of `` i 'll now show you what will be illegal . 
  you would n't be allowed to say what i 'm about to say '' . 
  and that it was embedded in a `` nonsense show '' ( quatschsendung ) according to b\u00f6hmermann . 
  if you as a regular person would write that poem to cite it on your no-nonsense youtube channel , the prosecutor could have made a different decision . 
  though the massive exaggerations in the poem also played a large part for the dismissal of the case . 
  the prosecutor argued that by that choice of words everyone would realize that this is a joke or nonsense and that b\u00f6hmermann does n't actually accuse erdogan of being a pedophile goat fucker who attends gang bang parties . 
   no idea what the person you were responding to was on about if i had to guess : not enough diversity . 
  that 's one way to create a transfer union in the eu . 
  every poor region that would n't be able to support itself joins germany so they get money from both the eu and germany . 
  in other words : no thanks . 
  we are already in our final form . 
  no , we do n't want austria either . 
   to go further , i think it was also erdogan 's strategy . 
  he 's not a moron .
