  what 's your point ? 
  even with countries instead of states you can go from portugal to finland like he goes from florida to virginia . 
  it 's called the schengen area . 
  i 'm pretty sure they just use schengen as a metaphor for `` area without systematic border checks '' . 
  it will have nothing to do with the actual schengen area . 
  if non-nato members would allow blanket passthrough rights for nato troops they make themselves targets . 
  i doubt that this will happen . 
  there will be two military ares without systematic border checks . 
  one for troops on eu deployments , limited to eu members . 
  and one for troops on nato deployments , limited to nato members . 
  the eu one will be created at least a decade after the nato one . 
  that military schengen area will not be the same as the current schengen area there will be a nato military schengen consisting of nato members , which would be limited to troops on nato deployments . 
  and three decades later we get a eu military schengen , which allows troops on eu deployments to cross eu borders . 
  for eu troops in non-eu countries and nato troops in non-nato countries the status quo will stay . 
  you have to request passthrough on an individual basis . 
  what if russia attacks poland and germany insists on passport checks of a nato convoy of british and french troops ? 
  it 's alway better to create rules during peacetime than to rely on common sense in times of crisis . 
  in germany they are a regular sight as well . 
  using tap water for your garden plants is expensive . 
  so everyone who has the space collects rain water . 
  if you are rich or build a new house you put a cistern into the ground . 
  everyone else uses these ibcs . 
  and nobody is poor . 
  because everyone gets more than 60 % of the median wage they are paid . 
   waiting for pis fans to defend this move ... 
  previous government did the same . 
  protip : if you are sincerely interested do n't add loaded questions like `` do they have oil ? '', 
  to your sincere question . 
  legally poland waived their right to ask for reparations in the 50s . 
  if it was the soviet union that forced them to make that decision , the successor of the soviet union might be liable for the reparations poland did n't get from germany . 
  in the end poland wo n't officially demand reparations . 
  because they do n't want reparations . 
  they want to be able to reject criticism from germany by shouting `` nazis ! '' . 
  and that wo n't work if they officially demand them , and a court decides that germany does n't owe any . 
  without actually demanding they can bring up reparations whenever they are pissed at germany . 
   can we invade germany too ? 
  nobody is stopping you from trying . 
   or how about we think about it while you give back the land you got after the war ... 
  if a kaczy\u0144ski provokes you it 's important to never go full nazi . 
  back then all germans were either `` wir haben doch nichts gewusst '' ( we did n't know about the death camps ) , `` wir haben nur befehle verfolgt '' ( we only followed orders ) , or `` also ich pers\u00f6nlich war ja immer gegen hitler '' ( i was always against hitler ) . 
  hitler was the monster that managed to convince the innocent germans of doing things like that . 
  i would n't be too surprised if nazis like benzinger went so overboard with their believe that they had no responsibility at all that they started blaming poles . 
  if you surround yourself with nazis and everybody claimed to have nothing to do with the holocaust strange things might happen . 
  the question is if these individual believes had any effect on germany as a society . 
  if there would have been an attempt to blame poland for the holocaust , there would be tons of evidence . 
  in newspaper articles , school books or one of the many documentaries about the holocaust . 
  it does n't make sense to come up with the plan to blame poland and then do n't actually blame poland . 
  but as i said , i think we just blamed hitler . 
  he made us do it . 
  he was the best manipulator in the world , and he seduced us . 
  case closed . 
   former nazis were rehabilitated and rehired in the propaganda and intelligence after the wwii . 
  nobody is denying that . 
   maintaining reputable opinion of poland and poles in germany and in the world were the least of the priorities for them . 
  nobody is denying that either . 
  what i 'm denying is that benzinger 's coining of the term polish death camp had any influence outside of his nazi entourage . 
  where is all the german language content that uses the term ` polish death camps ' in an attempt to blame the holocaust on poland ? 
  can you be more specific ? 
  or are you still talking about the zdf blunder from 2013 ? 
  we do n't joke on weekdays . 
  i give it less than 10 minutes until someone post a link to wikipedia about agency 114 . 
  it 's short for `` viva la jaque russie terrier '' , is n't it ? 
  in german : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bd11f_zp9m, 
  what help are you talking about ? 
  or are you just talking about greece ? 
  in that case one does n't have to be a genius to understand why greeks do n't want to feel like eu citizens . 
  `` and later the communist regime of poland '', 
  let me guess . 
  the only sources to benzinger and his plans to create the polish death camp controversy ( even obama is onboard ) are still three polish media outlets that mention each other ? 
  not sure how i should discuss that . 
  to be honest i 'm not sure why that 's in the article at all . 
  it does n't even specify how benzinger wanted to spread the term polish death camps . 
  for all we know he used that phrase among his nazi friends . 
   and it does n't help that german media still uses the phrase `` polish death camps '' and refuses to apologize for it . 
  still talking about zdf ? 
  they used that term one time in 2013 in an announcement for a documentation about death camps in poland . 
  according to a statement by zdf , the translator fucked up when he was translating the announcement from french ( the documentation was airing on arte ) to german , and nobody of those ewho should have checked the translation caught the phrase . 
  after karol tendera sued them , the zdf apologised in a private letter to him . 
  after the krakow court ruled that the zdf has to apologise on their website the zdf published an apology on their website , which is still there today : https://www.zdf.de/doku-wissen/richtigstellung-tendera-102.html i ca n't find out if , how and how long it was linked from their actual homepage . 
  so far no pole was willing to help me to find out . 
  nobody wanted to look into the recent court ruling . 
  but the court ruled that the apology was not sufficient . 
  if it would be a widespread problem we would n't talk about a case of 2013 right now . 
  but what if the eu themselves has come up with a cunning plan to deceive the brits ? 
  think about that . 
  between 2012 and 2016 we went from 5,997,040 reported cases to 6,372,526 reported cases . 
  so yeah . 
  i 'm confused as well . 
  the problem are n't the smugglers . 
  the problem are the economic migrants they bring . 
  your proposal does n't solve that problem at all . 
  my counter proposal : - allow refugees to request asylum from inside unhcr camps - stop ngos from bringing people to the eu - keep 2001/51/ec in place, 
  or detroit, 
  people who actually believe there are efforts by germany to blame the holocaust on poland are either complete idiots or have an agenda they are pushing . 
  in the case of the polish government that agenda is to create an us vs. them environment which allows them to dismiss valid criticism from germany by shouting `` nazis ! '', 
  i see . 
  so we both tend to use `` i am a 1000 % sure but i will pretend to not really know every single thing about that topic , so you do n't feel like i 'm calling you an idiot '' - questions . 
  at least in germany pretty much nobody insists on prefixing everything with nazi - when you talk about nazi-germany . 
  it 's totally fine to say that germans killed millions of jews . 
  it 's totally fine to say that germany started two world wars .
