  random checks can and do happen . 
  schengen terminals in airports ca n't be reconfigured so they lead through checkpoints , so they have to do the checks right at the gate . 
   the difference is ukrainians ca n't just move to the usa because of the distance and then somebody invented airplanes . 
  many of the products are not available on the greek market . 
  and they wo n't be available anytime soon . 
  there 's also another factor that people seem to forget . 
  when your own economy becomes more competitive , you might reach the point when producers will export before selling to the domestic market . 
  especially if your economy is thirsty for hard currency so they can buy things like medication . 
  if you get ever inflating drachma that are currently worth 10 $ when selling on the local market , and 12 real euro on the export market , what do you do ? 
   they will not pay . 
  a default is a default . 
  ask argentina how easy it is to just not pay . 
   it 's the same with businesses . 
  it 's in fact very different . 
  because each country has legal processes for businesses going insolvent . 
  at one point a court relieves you from paying back more debt . 
  there 's no such thing for countries . 
  there 's no court that can relieve greece from its debt . 
  only the creditors themselves can do that . 
   leaving the eurozone does not automatically fix the problem , but it will give them a necessary tool to achieve that . 
  what tool would that be ? 
  being able to print money ? 
  so your austerity is now disguised as stark inflation ? 
  the eu politicians that said that the eu is ready to send humanitarian aid to greece when they leave the eurozone were n't joking . 
  greece has a massive export deficit . 
  their economy will suffer a lot from getting a inflating currency . 
  syria has received development aid in the past . 
  albania still receives development aid . 
  for example germany helps albania with grants and interest free loans for fresh water , waste water and waste management projects . 
  have you actually tried it ? 
  maybe they drank it in germany . 
  beer and coke is quite popular over here . 
  not as popular as beer and sprite though . 
   seriously , what are they even trying to achieve ? 
  a taste they like ? 
  seems odd , i know . 
  of course . 
  but it strikes me as pretty odd if someone from germany never heard about tagliatelle or other sorts of pasta . 
   yes , and so are most people of course . 
  we are totally okay with getting filmed without knowing context . 
  photos from our houses on google street view on the other hand ... totally not okay . 
  are you serious ? 
  the average supermarket in germany sells those . 
  if you are blind . 
   we can kill him and at least bring peace to families and friends of his victims . 
  have you asked the families and friends of the victims ? 
  or do you just assume that they wish that he gets killed by the state ? 
   example from germany : two years contract , resignation notice period 3 months and most likely a special termination right when the provider changes the contract in a way that disadvantages you . 
   that is very true , but germany , the largest european producer of solar panels , did the exact same thing , though instead of using direct subsidies for the solar panels they did heavy tax credits for solar companies as well as the very high and subsidized feed-in tariff . 
  can you elaborate why you believe that subsidising use and subsidising production are the same ? 
  if we ca n't have them , nobody should have them . 
  i 'm pretty sure that legally speaking being in europe is not a requirement for joining the eu . 
  free trade is about tariffs , not import vat . 
  right now if you import 200 $ worth of clothes from canada to germany you pay 12 % tariff on it . 
  so with tariff the goods are worth 224 $ and you 'll pay 19 % import vat on that . 
  so importing the clothes will cost you 266.56 $ , 66.56 $ of that go to the german customs office . 
  ( because there 's a threshold of 150 $ for paying tariffs you will also not pay the 12 % if you keep your invoice ( goods and shipping ) less than 150 $ ) if clothes are covered by a free trade agreement you 'll pay 0 % tariffs on these 200 $ worth of clothes . 
  but you 'll still pay 19 % import vat . 
  so you 'll pay 238 $ total , 38 $ for the customs office . 
   ok , but will i be able to order a product without paying canadian federal and provincial tax ? 
  you generally can get back sales taxes when you buy a good for export . 
  if it 's worth to do depends on the amount of bureaucracy needed to get your money back . 
  it 's worth to do it for a car . 
  might not be worth your time if you order 100 $ worth of clothes . 
  thank you for your service . 
   can not wait untill i can order some goods from canada without paying taxes and tariffs . 
  for the taxes part you have to wait until canada joins the eu . 
  because import value added tax has to be paid for all exports from non-eu countries . 
  as i said , it 's an extreme . 
  if you look at the 43 million people of today you do n't even know how many of them already fulfilled their `` duty '' . 
  demographics is very complicated math . 
  it depends on tons of factors too . 
  imagine how different the population statistics would look if each couple would decide to give birth 10 years later . 
  so the first generation starts to give birth in 2020 . 
  the 20 year old birthers already have 10 year old children at that point . 
  in 2030 the 20 year old birthers already give birth again , while the 30 year old birthers have a 10 year old child . 
  in 2050 the people that give birth with 20 already have one more generation living . 
  but that does n't matter in the very long term . 
  statistically a 2.1 fertility rate means stable population . 
  but if you look at 40 years difference you can easily grow your population by having 2.1 children if you have children earlier and if your demographics is young . 
  but the growth will stop at one point . 
  statistically speaking . 
  muslims currently in europe are younger than the average person . 
  to take it to the extreme : if your population is young enough you can manage an increase from 43 to 70 million over 40 years by just having 1 child per couple , i.e. 
  a fertility rate of 0.5 - 2010 : 43 million 20 year olds decide to have 1 child per couple - 2030 : you now have 64.5 million people , 21.5 million of them 20 year old who will again have 1 child per couple - 2050 : you now have 75.25 million people . 
  43 million 60 year olds , 21.5 million 40 year olds and 10.75 million 20 year olds who will have 1 child per couple and that 's when the demographic change hits ... - 2070 : you now have 37.625 million people . 
  because 43 million 80 year olds just died . 
   christian lindner still doing just fine . 
  or merkel for that matter . 
   they key part of any meal should still taste like the thing you were ordering and should in return be as `` pure '' as possible . 
  and many people order a schnitzel with sauce because they like it like this . 
  it 's the `` pure '' form for them . 
  food snobbing is so ridiculous . 
  just eat whatever the fuck you want . 
   punitive tariffs are a probability . 
  what a great idea . 
  unfortunately punitive tariffs are usually answered with punitive tariffs . 
  which kind of sucks if you consider that the uk market is smaller than the eu27 market . 
  14.6 million cars were sold in the eu in 2016 . 
  2.7 million of them in the uk .
