  if you put all the west balkan countries into one group , they make up the second largest group of people who requested asylum in 2015 in germany . 
  i guess we count that different in germany . 
  weihnachtsgeld is 13th , urlaubsgeld , which is paid in summer , is 14th . 
  if parents have to decide who stays at home , it will almost always be the mother . 
  we can already see that with elterngeld , social payments which are paid to parents who stay at home during the first 12 months of their child 's life . 
  if both parents take time off work that time can be extended to 14 months . 
  96 % of all mothers make use of that system , and 87 % of those stay at home between 10 and 12 months . 
  34 % of all fathers make use of it , and of those 79 % stay at home for the legal minimum of 2 months . 
  it 's not a left wing idea . 
  a left wing idea would propose free child care . 
  which might not sound that different from giving families money so they can pay for child care . 
  but with the cdu suggestion more families will go for that traditional family model where mothers stay at home to care for their child instead of sending it to a child care facility . 
  it 's just another attempt to introduce a herdpr\u00e4mie , which pays mothers to stay at home . 
  which is quite contrary to left wing family policies . 
  first the economic migrants come to your country . 
  then they demand that you change your country so it 's more like their old country . 
  not only an investigation , there 's an ongoing court case against former h&k managers . 
  they believe that they can make more money by making less money in questionable countries . 
  that 's why nato member turkey is a yellow country . 
   do n't worry middle men will deliver these guns to the right places . 
  turkey is yellow because it is such a middle man . 
  not being on that map just means that they produced less than 1 % of what china has produced in 2005 . 
  syria produced 608400 tonnes potatoes in 2005 . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://faostat3.fao.org/download/q/qc/e ), 
  now, 
  to show that you mean it you have to build at least one trump tower and 5 trump resorts ( no wind turbines ! ), 
  in your country . 
  germany 's welfare system ( not to be confused with unemployment benefits ) is noncontributory as well . 
  but the eu does n't require countries to treat non-workers from other eu/eea/swiss countries the same as nationals . 
  germany has some laws that can be interpreted in a way that every resident is eligible for basic welfare , but that 's not mandated by the eu . 
  that was a decision by german courts based on german laws . 
  that 's why germany is changing these laws to make it clear that eu nationals do n't have access . 
  by eu law eu/eea/swiss nationals that were not economically active for a significant time ( 5 years according to eu rules ) do n't need to be eligible for welfare . 
  but non-national workers have to be treated the same way as national workers . 
  and that 's also where the uk wanted exceptions . 
  things like tax credits , or like child assistance . 
  the latter is also noncontributory in germany . 
  if you work , you can get child and housing assistance payments . 
  no matter your citizenship . 
   the eu rules say we have to treat european nationals the way we do our own . 
  to be more precise you have to treat eu/eea/swiss nationals that are workers like you treat brits who are workers . 
  only after these non-uk nationals have worked for a significant time they get permanent residence rights , the uk then has to treat them like uk nationals . 
  which means they get entitled to unemployment benefits . 
  that significant time is somewhere between 2 and 5 years . 
  if the uk pays welfare to people who have n't worked for 5 years , it 's the fault of uk policy . 
   after the cologne attacks i have lost faith in most popular outlets to inform me in a timely and unbiased fashion about the results of govt . 
  policies . 
  because you expected a live report instead of waiting until early evening to learn about the incidents ? 
  go for it . 
  i 'm sure poland will send a soldier for the polish-greek spearhead that will secure safe zones in libya . 
   edit : seriously though , a translated summary is needed . 
  i do n't speak danish , but this is what happened : the woman in the video is one of the founders of the startup `` laviu '' in freiberg , saxony . 
  they invented a silent , pulsating dildo . 
  that startup won third place in a saxon startup contest . 
  afd saxony did n't like that , so they released a press statement . 
  the product is not innovative enough . 
  in the past saxony was known for inventions like the first german steam locomotive and the famous lochtrommelwaschmaschine . 
  and now a sex toy won an innovation price . 
  and minister of economy from the spd is a traitor to his party values . 
  the spd is supposed to be a pro-family party . 
  and dildos are the opposite of pro-family politics . 
  of course . 
  she is one of the founders of the startup that build the silent pulsating dildo . 
  who knows how many prototypes she had to try . 
  the reasons for the worsened relationship still exist . 
  if you criticise russia for occupying other countries , for killing the opposition and for deliberately bombing civilians you ca n't mend relations if they continue to do the very same things just because a few years have passed . 
  no , not really . 
   i recently had to pay 900 euros , because i suspect somebody downloaded something fishy through my ip using tor . 
  in a civil settlement . 
  neo-nazi symbolism ca n't get more subtle than that . 
   so , what is the actual scenario they 're talking about here ? 
  too much alcohol , drugs , whatever . 
  too scared to refuse . 
  being dead . 
  there are probably more scenarios where `` not fighting back '' does not necessarily equal consent . 
   what better indicator of consent is there than the other person consciously and willingly having sex with you ? 
  physical consent , i.e. 
  she is active , and does n't just lie there passively . 
  tough guy . 
  if she is passive and looks like she just wants it to be over you better stop what you are doing . 
  that 's how this works . 
   looking at the bait questionnaire they could n't really bring themselves to use the word for `` does n't say no or fight back '' your alternative would be more useless . 
  because a fuckton of people believe it 's okay to have sex with people who are too drunk to say no or fight back , even if they do n't consent verbally or physically . 
  that 's also why german law only considered it rape if someone fought back until very recently . 
  no violence . 
  no rape . 
  less than 2 weeks until austria has elections . 
  when was the last time the us enlarged its territory by annexing a plot of land ? 
   at present i am saving 590 $ / pm on monthly payments do you just pay 29 $ health insurance per month ? 
  max assessment level is 4237.50 $ gross income per month . 
  with a 14.6 % contribution that comes down to 619 $ health insurance per month . 
  that 's the maximum contribution someone who is in the public health insurance in germany would have to pay . 
  if not self-employed , half of that is payed by the employer . 
   estonia though it would be much better for the environment if they would burn coal instead of oil shale . 
  do you mean cologne instead of munich ? 
  and less than a day instead of six days later ? 
  freedom of movement is bit more complicated than being able to live wherever you want . 
  it 's actually freedom of movement for workers . 
  you can unconditionally live in each eu/eea/swiss country for 90 days . 
  during that time eu law does not oblige a country to grant any social assistance to people who are n't workers .
