  but it 's totally legal to claim fatherhood for a child that is n't yours . 
  i know someone who did that . 
  not with the intent of obtaining residence rights by what is basically fraud though . 
  i ca n't make the connection . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  we would be buying european anyway . 
   when the times comes to replace leo2 and leclerc there only will be a single french-german tank . 
  and then we 'll have 18 different tanks instead of 17 . 
  because the old leclercs and old leopards will be given to other eu members . 
  ca n't find anything that remotely qualifies as a terrorist attack . 
  but a lot of cases were armed civilians stopped another armed civilian who got angry at a third person and used their gun . 
  has there ever been a terrorist attack where the attacker has been stopped by an armed civilian ? 
  they may be worried because the belgian government did n't give them iodine pills against all that clean energy . 
  remember kids . 
  the us , with actually decreasing co2 emissions will destroy the planet . 
  but china , whose official nationally determined contribution to the paris agreement is to peak co2 emissions around 2030 will save us all from global warning . 
  the real issue with eu borders was never about lack of man power or lack of technology to enforce the border . 
  the problem is what should we do with the migrants once they are detained . 
  the routes they currently use enter the eu via the sea . 
  which makes these borders basically unenforceable without braking any laws . 
  eu border guard officers would just register migrants and send them to the next asylum center in greece respectively italy . 
  and before someone screams australian solution : we do n't have a papua new guinea that wants to be our asylum seeker dump . 
  and the situation in crimea and eastern ukraine does n't allow us to strong-arm a country ( like australia does with indonesia ) without losing basically all arguments . 
   hungary was overwhelmed for a while because southerners let them all in and since they do n't have an external eu border they obviously were n't prepared for it . 
  what 's the border between hungary and serbia if not an external eu border ? 
  it 's also about schengen borders , not eu borders . 
   but despite that they solved the problem with the infamous fence . 
  they solved their problem . 
  migrants just entered the schengen area via slovenia instead of hungary . 
   yea , it 's the same in most european languages except english . 
  which this whole `` we now want to be called czechia '' thing is about . 
   the important thing is that we decide what is good for europe and do n't have to follow the us into every madcap military intervention like [ ... ] afghanistan . 
  i thought eu military cooperation will complement nato , not replace it ? 
  if you do n't want to follow countries into war after they 've triggered the mutual defence clause we could as well just get rid of nato . 
  c ** minutes ** * plural * : the official record of the proceedings of a meeting https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/minutes, 
  the brain drain would happen regardless of eu membership . 
  since the fall of the iron curtain and outside of north korea it 's the receiving countries that set migration policy . 
  so you are saying austerity works ? 
   so how does the eu propose countries pay for both at the same time the actual money that members pay for nato is around 2.2 billion euro for all members . 
  u.s. contributes 22.144 percent of the nato budget , followed by germany ( 14.65 percent ) , france ( 10.63 percent ) and britain ( 9.84 percent ) . 
  i doubt that it will be a problem to continue these payments . 
  that 's why the v4 should leave the eu . 
  they can finally be free from this horrible regime !, 
  worse than communism !, 
   enforce the external border and every country will love germany . 
  germany does n't have external land borders . 
  what do we have to do with border enforcement ? 
  that 's the sole responsibility of the member states . 
  so first we deport the hundred thousands from the west balkan countries that have requested asylum in the last few years with the goal to of getting access to the job market . 
  and now we invest there to get cheap labour ? 
  are you trump 's business adviser ? 
   i think not joining the anti-isis coalition when isis was bombarding turkish cities with grad rockets or when they detonated 4 to 5 suicide bombs that killed around 100 people in turkey but doing it immediately after a horrific but single attack in england kinda makes that point . 
  turkey did n't invoke nato article 5 . 
  france invoked the eu equivalent of nato article 5 . 
  if turkey would have invoked article 5 , germany would have come . 
  see also : http://ac.nato.int/resources/site1/general/archive/2015/07-15/einsatzfoto%20a.jpg, 
  that 's about the plan to spend money . 
  but how much money has actually been spend ? 
  eu agencies tend to collect data for the eu , efta and the official accession candidates only . 
  in this case : money they get from the eu budget -- money they pay into the budget, 
  shut up and police your airspace . 
  greece is one of the biggest receivers per capita . 
  poland has a population of 38 million people , greece has around 11 million people . 
   these `` free money '' are actually being paid for opening market . 
  does n't get true no matter how often it is repeated . 
  the eu funds projects that are worth funding . 
  that money is not a compensation for anything . 
  otherwise countries like germany or the uk would n't get any eu funds at all . 
  and if it were a compensation one would expect that it goes directly into the government budget of the country that suffers from brain drain and all these western companies that sell their stuff . 
  at least germany has banned plenty islamist groups . 
  thank you for your service . 
  no , the eu funds are n't a compensation for anything . 
  otherwise they would actually depend on either your brain drain or the market size . 
  but eu money funds projects in all member states . 
  should have joined efta if they were looking for a trade union . 
  sorry that we did n't close the schengen borders in hungary and slovenia earlier . 
  you mean they fine people for publicly showing nazi symbolism . 
  go to reddit and complain !, 
  sanctions ? 
  if hungary starts own trade deals the first priority is to protect the customs union . 
  that means the hungarian border has to be closed by the eu and everything that leaves hungary has to go through customs again . 
  same with schengen flights . 
  reintroducing customs borders will kill their intra-eu trade , which will harm their economy massively . 
  that 's why they wo n't try that . 
  sanctions hehe, 
  yes . 
  that 's from september 2016 . 
  this is from this week : [ uk drops objections to eu military unit ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/eu-army-uk-drops-objections-to-eu-military-unit/ ), 
  just skipping products made in usa is a half assed boycott and very easy . 
  i can buy a fucking iphone with that attitude . 
  check your bathroom and your cleaning cabinet . 
  i 'm sure you 'll find a procter & gamble , and a colgate-palmolive logo on some of the products . 
  and if you go into the less visible semiconductors you will have a very hard time to avoid the us . 
  there 's something from qualcomm , maxim , idt , skyworks , texas instruments and the many other us based semiconductor companies in almost every device . 
  from the 2015-2016 linux kernel development report :  the top 10 companies , which employ kernel developers to contribute to the linux kernel , make up nearly 57 percent of the total changes to the kernel . 
  the category `` none , '' which represents volunteer developers who are n't paid by any company , fell to the no . 
  3 spot this year from no . 
  1 in the last report issued in 2015 . 
   company | changes | percent of total : -- | -- :| -- : intel | 14,384 | 12.9 % red hat | 8,987 | 8.0 % none | 8,571 | 7.7 % unknown | 7,582 | 6.8 % linaro | 4,515 | 4.0 % samsung | 4,338 | 3.9 % suse | 3,619 | 3.2 % ibm | 2,995 | 2.7 % consultants | 2,938 | 2.6 % renesas electronics | 2,239 | 2.0 % https://www.linux.com/blog/top-10-developers-and-companies-contributing-linux-kernel-2015-2016, 
   the only us thing will be android and the occasional semiconductors from qualcomm , maxim , idt , skyworks or texas instruments .
