  that 's why we have defense treaties . 
  obviously . 
  huge camps that do n't violate human rights ? 
  good luck with that . 
  the solution is decentralized housing , i.e. 
  regular apartments . 
  with a 1 % population increase in every municipality in the eu we could host 5 million people easily . 
  and nobody would notice it . 
  i say that as someone from a city with 25,000 people that is currently hosting 280 refugees in decentralized housing projects . 
  you do n't notice them . 
  but you will sure as hell notice the centralized project that houses another 80 bored young men . 
  so i have to ask this question again . 
  who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  because without a png there is no australian model . 
  should we bring them to iceland ? 
  i 'm sure iceland would love that . 
  it only takes one election , or a coup , and the things that are seen as immoral/illegal can change dramatically . 
  the next , neo-nazi government does n't need to know that i 'm a gay communist . 
  i have no problem telling that to my current government . 
  unfortunately the dataset does n't disappear when they are replaced with something much more radical . 
  if there is a war with russia , will the nsa look for people that have sympathized with russia , so they can be put into camps ? 
  who knows . 
   turkey sure as hell wont bother stopping said vessels from leaving they probably would , if we would help them a bit more with their 1.8 million refugees from syria . 
   `` passport '' was the wrong word but : italian was the wrong word , because that implies citizenship . 
  they get their [ blue ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e1/konventionspass_deutschland.png ) refugee travel document ( which is basically a passport ) . 
  like they do in every country in the world , because they lose the passport of their home country . 
   practically granting asylum makes it much easier for the refugee to move to another eu country . 
  no it does n't . 
  because refugees are not eu citizens they do n't have freedom of movement in the eu . 
  they wo n't receive benefits in any other eu country than their host country . 
  and they are not allowed to work outside their host country . 
  it 's right in the part that you quoted . 
  they can ** travel ** abroad ( that includes the eu ) for 3 months without a visa . 
  to visit someone or for vacation . 
  if they want to work they have to apply for a visa in germany . 
  and if they are unskilled they usually wo n't get that visa . 
  -- as far as i know they gain freedom of movement 5 years after they are recognized as refugees . 
  because of their economic data . 
  greece does not produce much stuff that does n't rely on imports . 
  the stereotype greek products like cheese ( 2013 , 1.1 % ) , ouzo ( < 1 % ) and olive oil ( 1.3 % ) are not really that important . 
  their biggest export was refined oil ( 34.9 % or $ 11b ) . 
  their biggest import was crude oil ( 23.7 % or $ 14b ) . 
  in 2013 greece had $ 33.8 b exports and $ 60.5 b imports . 
  guess what happens to your imports if you use the magic bullet * money devaluation * . 
  or just add 0.001 % raspberries . 
  i 'm not saying that we should do that . 
  i was just saying that there is an easy way to prevent that companies move to other countries to do their animal testing . 
  thalidomide , lipobay , vioxx and tgn1412 all worked great and without adverse effects in animal testing . 
  i know , i know . 
  these are just anecdotes and outliers . 
  that 's why you would ban all products that were animal tested . 
  like the eu did with cosmetics . 
  and because companies do n't want to develop and sell two different products the multi-nationals basically switched away from animal testing worldwide . 
   i 'm certain that if there was a plausible alternative to animal testing ( medical ) - we would be doing it already . 
  not if that alternative is more expensive . 
   if italy grants them asylum they can get an italian passport any source on that ? 
  i doubt that italy grants citizenship to asylum seekers . 
  that sounds like a stupid comparison . 
  i 'm not sure what fuckup or what decision lead to the issuing of multiple passports , but i 'm pretty sure spain neither issued a fake passport nor did it issue moroccan passports . 
   exactly . 
  ban the animal research done for cosmetic products , but leave medicine alone . 
  that 's already done . 
  since march 2013 , cosmetic products that were tested on animals can not be sold in the eu . 
   the animals in labs are way more protected and cared for . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure the apes that get fixated in an apparatus so scientists can do their experiments feel much better than cows that are instantly killed with a bolt gun . 
  instead of competing in bribery germany should have left fifa . 
  others would have followed pretty quickly . 
  but yeah , muuuh worldcup is more important than integrity . 
  asylum seekers ? 
   so , finally greece is gon na leave the euro . 
   the new drachma will be priced at 50 % less than the euro . 
   everything that greece has to sell will be a bargain . 
  that 's where you are missing a couple steps ... - everything that greece needs to buy will be twice as expensive - greece realizes that their biggest export product is refined oil products - greece realizes that their refined oil products are refined from crude oil and not from olive oil - greece realizes it has to import crude oil to refine it - greece realizes it will lose a significant portion on 35 % of its exports if greece would be better without the euro they would have left years ago . 
  but greece knows a bit about their own economy . 
  just have a short look at greece foreign trade : https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/grc/, 
   i 'm in the uk so ... you are excused . 
  more borrowing was always the plan . 
  the negotiations are just about the conditions for that money . 
  if greece would be able to pay their debt they would n't need to conform to troika rules ; they would just pay . 
  maybe bulgaria should jump in and help greece . 
  no rules , no reforms , just money transfer . 
  good idea . 
  the implementation is a bit harder though . 
  but we 're working on it . 
  let 's see what the minimum wage has brought . 
  and the finance minister wants to solve the problem of `` kalte progression '' ( if your income increases your taxes increase so much that you do n't have more money in your pocket ) as well . 
   when was the last time a tank was useful in europe ? 
  when was the last time we really needed 100.000 foot soldiers in europe ? 
  and the reason for that is nato . 
  if we get rid of european military , which would also end nato , you want your tanks and soldiers back pretty fast . 
  what . 
  we want to make you rich so you can buy our shit . 
  money is probably a secondary issue . 
  we just have no idea how to fix these countries . 
  we tried to fix afghanistan and iraq . 
  did n't work out . 
  so now let 's try it again with libya , syria , eritrea and all the other countries that need some fixing ? 
  how do you ~ ~ force ~ ~ encourage the cultural change , if you bail them out just to avoid a dead greece ? 
  will they reform ?
