    on 7 august , russia banned the import of eu food products , including fruit and vegetables from poland . 
  poland 's total food exports to russia are worth around $ 1.13 billion per year . 
  as the eu 's second biggest apple producer , poland is now stuck with some 700,000 tonnes of the fruit it usually sells to russia . 
    the ban was imposed in response to western economic sanctions against russia , over its annexation of crimea from ukraine , and a pro-russian rebellion in eastern ukraine , which western capitals accuse moscow of fomenting . 
    poland 's economy ministry told the news agency reuters it had sent the request to european trade commissioner karel de gucht , who represents eu members in all wto cases . 
    http://www.euractiv.com/section/social-europe-jobs/news/poland-wants-eu-to-complain-to-wto-over-russian-embargo/ -- oh , and how about this , robert ? 
   the sanctions against russia are causing significant problems for european companies -- by contrast , their american competitors are continuing to do good business . 
  according to russian statistics , trade between the united states and russia grew in the prior year by around 6 % . 
  by contrast , trade with countries in the european union ( eu ) contracted by almost 10 % . 
  in the first two months of 2015 , trade between the eu and russia collapsed by a third . 
  der spiegel ( german news magazine -- ed . ), 
  reported this in its most recent edition . 
    `` the americans first exerted a great amount of pressure on europe to enact tough sanctions , '' said frank schiff , managing director of the association of european business in moscow . 
  `` the fact that they themselves have expanded trade with russia in the previous year is remarkable . ''   http://euromaidanpress.com/2015/05/31/us-russia-trade-flourishes-despite-sanctions/#arvlbdata, 
  how about gold trains that nazi germany left in poland ? 
  can they be called `` polish gold trains '' , or not ? 
  which article of the sanctions bans the sale of luxury cars ? 
  nope . 
  hungary was supposed to be one of the three countries were the relocated refugees would come from . 
  but since hungary solved their asylum seeker problem by letting ( or making ) people go to austria , they are practically not part of the relocation scheme anymore . 
  well . 
  according to wikipedia they were invented by a swede . 
   would a country the size of hungary even have the need for 100 airliners ? 
  of course . 
  nobody forces them to operate out of hungary only . 
  wizz air , which is a hungarian company , currently has 65 planes a320/a321 . 
  they currently have orders for 35 more . 
  and they also have ordered 110 airbus a321neo . 
  as if the relief of debt that is n't due until 2020 helps greece ... what greece needs should be already there . 
  the eu promised a lot of things that would help greece if the borders around greece are closed . 
  some of these promises were n't delivered by other eu countries , like the resettlement program . 
  others were not delivered by greece , like operational hotspots . 
  and others , like a frontex force that forcefully deports every single economic migrant , are neglected by all parties . 
  the measures to relief pressure from greece that will accumulate once the borders around greece are closed are there . 
  in theory . 
  eu countries committed to resettle 160,000 refugees from italy and greece . 
  around 500 have been resettled in the last months . 
  some countries do n't want to resettle until the balkan route is closed , some want more time to prepare , and the rest just tries to ignore the problem once again . 
  so practically no resettling is happening . 
  in exchange for the resettlement program , greece ( and italy ) committed to build screening hotspots where asylum seekers would be registered and then separated into people with claims for refugee and economic migrants . 
  it was planned that the refugees from these hotspots are resettled to other eu countries . 
  and the economic migrants should be deported by frontex . 
  neither of that currently happens . 
  if these hotspots run , asylum seekers are registered in greece ( and italy ) . 
  and according to the dublin regulation , the two countries would be responsible for the asylum process . 
  so naturally they do n't have much of an incentive to register asylum seekers in their country . 
  resettlement would have created that incentive , but as i said , it does n't currently happen . 
  so construction of the hotspots is actively delayed by the authorities in these countries . 
  and of the dozen or so planned hotspots something like two are operational , one in lampedusa ( italy ) and one in lesbos ( greece ) . 
  basically a lot of broken promises and empty words from literally everyone in the eu . 
  and as long as there is no resettling and frontex deportation , greece in particular does n't want to finish the hotspots . 
  as long as the hotspots are n't finished , asylum seekers will just leave greece unregistered . 
  which means that countries wo n't start resettlement because it would just increase the number of asylum seekers that appear in the country anyway . 
  and without resettlement , greece has no incentive to finish the hotspots ... 
  closing the border back to greece should increase the pressure on greece to make the hotspots operational . 
  i can pretty much guarantee that germany will start resettlement from greece if the hotspots are operational and the route is closed . 
  and all the economic refugees that will then hang around in greece should incentivize greece to allow all these armed frontex officers in their country . 
  then frontex `` just '' ( it 's actually the most complicated part of the plan ) has to get the deportations started . 
  and once the news has spread , the inflow of economic migrants along that route should cease . 
  which currently means the influx would halve . 
  and from this position we could work to slow down the influx of legit refugees as well . 
  nato and the turkish coast guard fighting actively against smugglers is a big step towards this . 
  in theory . 
  because as i know my stupid government and the stupid governments between here and greece , closing the border will just mean `` everyone who is going to germany can pass '' . 
  which means nothing will change . 
  some clubs sell phantasy money . 
  if you have to use $ , bring more money and do n't tip that often . 
  how many of that million asylum seekers stay in greece ? 
   it made me wonder how serious britain is about honouring its relationship with australia . 
    as someone who has always been proud to be a part of the commonwealth , i feel that unless britain leaves the european union the next generation of australians wo n't even know what the commonwealth is . 
    i 'm disheartened that many young british people are entirely unaware of the existence of the commonwealth or its proud history . 
    i believe that because of the european union britain has lost its influence in the world , has lost its sovereignty and has lost its ability to run its own affairs . 
    we have the opportunity with this referendum to take back legislative control from faceless civil servants in the european commission , and make immigration fairer . 
    this referendum is about more than just trade . 
  it 's an opportunity to reclaim the identity and sovereignty of britain and the commonwealth . 
  yeah . 
  after britain leaves the eu , they will make immigration for commonwealth people more easier . 
  they will probably even create free movement of people for the commonwealth . 
  no more visa required . 
  of course . 
  because shared history . 
  especially because the largest nations in the commonwealth are india , pakistan , bangladesh and nigeria . 
  lol, 
  something bad happens in the eu ? 
  it 's the fault of the eu . 
  my coffee is cold . 
  the eu should have released a directive that outlaws coffee that can get cold . 
  fuck the eu !, 
  exid now !, 
  would be very ironic if greece leaves the eu now . 
   state secretary l\u00e1szl\u00f3 tas\u00f3 initially said that his government supports any project that is in the interest of hungary . 
  later the government backpedaled . 
  they probably got an email with a link to the youtube video where orban told poland that they can always count on hungarian solidarity . 
  ca n't undermine that with such a deal not even a week after that statement . 
  are there any tunnels between greece and other schengen countries that i have missed ? 
  because last time i looked at a map of the schengen zone , greece appeared like an island . 
  surrounded by water and countries that are not part of the schengen zone . 
  threatening slovenia would make a lot more sense , because that 's where the entry gate to the schengen area really is . 
  but i guess many eastern european countries will speak up for slovenia . 
  greece is alone and an easy target .
