  i like the nuclear sharing program . 
  otherwise we would have to get our own nuclear weapons . 
  and to prevent attacks you have to be willing to use them . 
  are you willing to move there ? 
   the newly proposed rules would ditch the unpopular time limits in favor of letting carriers compare your roaming habits with how you use service at home . 
  networks could only ask for surcharges ( which top out at $ 0.04 per call minute , $ 0.01 per text and $ 0.0085 per megabyte ) if it 's clear that you 're abusing your roaming access . 
  you 'd raise a warning flag if you consume way more data than you do at home , for example , or get sim cards that remain eerily inactive until you start traveling . 
  many want to work . 
  because you get more money this way . 
  but i have talked to refugees , and do n't have to rely on my feelings . 
  so i might be biased . 
  read the article . 
   got ta be fun if trump indeed gets elected . 
  there 's still the slight chance that he 'll yell `` it 's just a prank '' when this happens . 
   a man who has advocated the use of nuclear weapons in europe ( !!! ), 
  oh my gawd . 
  i thought the us has these nuclear weapons for decorative purposes only . 
  - nato : russia endangers civilian air traffic by flying in international airspace with their transponders off - russia : let 's both switch our transponders on when operating in the baltic region - nato : that 's not acceptable well played russia . 
  well played . 
   can confirm , tried to move all my friends from whatsapp to google hangouts a couple of years ago . 
  never worked , it was too late . 
  what argument did you use ? 
  `` facebook uses your data to earn money . 
  you should come to google ! '', 
   i do n't agree . 
  there 's more than enough technically gifted people that will take the time to read and understand the source code . 
  do you actually know people who do that to an extent where it becomes useful ? 
   if something shady is happening in an open-source project then you damn well believe that it gets mentioned . 
  heartbleed and gotofail show that even apparent bugs go undetected for a very long time . 
  if a technically gifted person invests some time to hide a backdoor , chances are that nobody will find it . 
  anakonda 2016 in poland had 31,000 service members from 24 nato and partner nations . 
  baltops 16 in the baltic sea region had 25,000 service members from 27 nations with 45 ships , 5 submarines and more than 200 aircraft last years trident juncture 15 had more than 36,000 military personell from 30 nato and partner nations . 
  nato does n't do these `` snap exercises '' though . 
  if andrey koshkin , military political analyst at plekhanov academy in moscow , says so it must be true . 
   e : what reason could they have for wanting to leave ? 
  we eu people did n't buy enough nokia phones . 
  poor sweden, 
   easily if there 's a thing that people love it 's manual key management . 
  / s most people will probably send the private key via email to themselves . 
  but disregard that when i tell you to use signal . 
  indeed . 
  literally a dozen . 
  nato exercises : - kfor st iii 16 in kosovo - bold bonus ii 16 in the netherlands - steadfast pyramid 16 in latvia - ramstein guard xi 16 in spain these are currently active . 
  next week steadfast pinnacle 16 starts in latvia , loyal diligence i 16 in izmir , steadfast flow 16 in turkey , ramstein alloy iii 16 in latvia . 
  allied national exercises : - ample strike 16 in czech republic - brave warrior 16 in hungary - ex junction strike cpx/livex in romania - venerable gauntlet 16 in germany - immediate response 16 in albania , bosnia-herzegovina , croatia - national joint exercise 16 in denmark - dolphin 16 in albania - blue ridge in romania , bulgaria these are currently active . 
  tomorrow starts allied spirit v in germany , next week slovak shield 16 in slovakia . 
  nato updates the list of exercises regularly : - https://www.shape.nato.int/nato-exercises - https://www.shape.nato.int/allied-national-exercises -- and these are just the large exercises . 
  there 's plenty of multinational `` day to day '' work . 
  a few days ago british , dutch and german soldiers have trained river crossings . 
  [ deutschesheer.de , german but plenty photos ] ( http://www.deutschesheer.de/portal/a/heer/!ut/p/c4/nyyxdsiwdet_ye5bgmtw0gugbhzanje1mkcavmafhy8nrejooun0toc3zi708gopt5ecnthav-_e4jgf6kezhwcrrbnvnxkeozlzmwilt56ux45_da_lvc9gu2rdmm_v5xyenalmstqszbbjbhyprsnqymzmx8wnrjvd-brz7-pjdcfphmsvbuo7ow !, 
  ! / ) there 's also baltic air policing , where currently french and german air force units protect the airspace over the baltic states . 
  individual nations train in allied nations as well . 
  the bundeswehr just finished training in estonia and latvia under the persistent presence program . 
  in october german tank units will train in poland . 
   the thinktank said it was still predicting a sharp slowdown in the economy , but that this would not happen until 2017 . 
  it said that the expected negative effects on the rest of the global economy of brexit -- compared in june to the equivalent of a hard landing for china -- had also been delayed . 
  2017 like the year when may plans to invoke article 50 ? 
  so the oecd u-turn is from `` when uk leaves the eu , the economy will slow down ( we trust david cameron to invoke article 50 right after the referendum ) '' to `` when article 50 is invoked and the uk signals that it will actually leave the eu , the economy will slow down '' . 
  that 's what the security code verification is for . 
  but of course , even then whatsapp is the mitm , because they made the app . 
   i am betting money right now that down the line we will find out that whatsapp messages are n't secure after all on an infinite timescale , that 's a safe bet . 
  have you inspected the signal source code that was used to create the binary you use ? 
  or do you trust them that they do n't publish binaries that were created from a code base that is different the publicly available version ? 
  it 's trust all the way down . 
  i doubt that there are more than 10 people who have studied the source code of signal enough to be able to tell that there 's no backdoor in it . 
  and 10 of these people work for intelligence agencies . 
  if it would be true i 'm pretty sure a security researcher would have discovered it a while ago . 
  and it would be all over the news . 
   you install whatsapp - and magically all your old `` encrypted '' conversations are there for you to read . 
  you missed that `` restore from backup '' step . 
  no magic involved . 
  once they are delivered the whatsapp app stores your messages unencrypted . 
  so they are available via backup/restore . 
  the whatsapp server does n't store your old messages at all . 
  neither encrypted nor unencrypted . 
   where did your private key come from ? 
  what password did you use to unlock it ? 
  the app created a new key pair . 
  and the public key is then send to all your chat partners , who will see that [ yellowish bubble ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fxaphb8.jpg ) in their chats that tells them that your security code has changed . 
  years ago whatsapp was also completely unencrypted . 
  the whatsapp web client connects to your phone . 
  not to a whatsapp server . 
  the whatsapp web client can only see a message after it has been decrypted by your phone . 
  the whatsapp app also stores these unencrypted messages , so they are available if you create a backup of your phone and restore it on a different phone . 
  sounds like we should implement the australian solution for australian journalists . 
   that might not involve taking in more people right now . 
  that 's the desired outcome of a plan , not a plan by itself . 
  who knows . 
  last time italy decided to stop their violations and pay . 
  unfortunately we do n't have a papua new guinea . 
  we could also call them tourists on vacation that bought their equipment in military surplus stores . 
   greece 's current account balance showed a surplus of 1.4 billion euros in july , ** down by 1.1 billion year-on-year ** , the bank of greece said on tuesday . 
  -- also , just to be safe : current account balance ! = budget balance the former is about transfer of goods ( i.e. 
  import / export ) , services and capital with other countries . 
  the latter is about government spending and taxes . 
  is it a nacho hat ? 
  they are called human rights because they universally apply to every single human being . 
   unless there 's a sufficiently powerful enforcer that 's going to punish them , they can do as they please . 
  that enforcer is called the european court of human rights . 
  anything concrete plans ?
