  or 13 % of the uk gdp and 3 % of the eu gdp . 
  the uk wo n't be able to dictate the rules of a free trade agreement with the eu . 
  in 2014 the gdp of the uk made up 16 % of the eu gdp . 
  who said that ? 
  the uk does n't want a free trade agreement though . 
  they want to stay part of the single market . 
  indeed . 
  they have a fucking ocean to monitor . 
  a ocean that is very huge and because of that pretty easy to monitor . 
  the strait between the greek island samos and turkey is at it 's narrowest spot 1.6 km wide . 
  you can literally swim that distance . 
  australia also has diplomatic agreements with other countries , so they allow them to bring their asylum seekers there . 
  the eu does n't have these . 
  even if greece intercepts asylum seekers , they ca n't bring them back to turkey . 
  read the article . 
   hungarian prime minister viktor orb\u00e1n believes in fences -- he can afford to . 
  after all , his fences are for the moment actually keeping refugees out . 
  this is because the refugees just pass them by : they do n't want to go to hungary anyway but to austria , germany or sweden . 
  if those countries were also to build fences , possibly even higher than the hungarians ' , then orban 's fence would be pushed over faster than a syrian can send an sms . 
  yeah . 
  because they are all in one big club and everybody knows each other . 
  because of the holy cow named sovereignty . 
   there is no difference in terms of economic performance or state finances from the previous government . 
  yet . 
   so it is not worrisome in your opinion that a security plan is even needed ? 
  no it 's not . 
  security concepts are daily business for event organizers . 
  that the carnival parade in rheinsberg ( with at least 2500 people ) could get away without a security concept , probably means that someone high in the public order office is a member of the local carnival club . 
  in my city we need fancy security concepts for events that have way less guests . 
  the main problem is that proper security concepts take a lot of time to create . 
  next year the carnival club will provide a proper concept , and the parade will happen . 
  if that certain armband is red with a black swastika in a white circle , he could probably do so because it would be the national flag of his country . 
   however , on the eve of the tournament the sweden team have been told that a new rule means that the captain 's armband can from now on only consist of that country 's colours . 
   the previous 160k relocation has relocated less than 500 people in 2 months . 
  because the 160,000 relocations will come from eu-run hotspots in greece and italy . 
  and these hotspots are not really functional yet . 
  merkel is n't even in the eu commission . 
  besides that , the uk has an opt-out of common migration policy , so they wo n't be part of the quota . 
   `` the previous government carried out a leftist programme there ( in the public media ) . 
  it was as if the world was according to a marxist model which has to automatically develop in one direction only - a new mixture of cultures and races , a world made up of cyclists and vegetarians who only use renewable energy and fight all forms of religion , '' polish foreign minister witold waszczykowski told german newspaper bild on sunday . 
  guess how much of the debt relief would come from the imf . 
  the imf wants to spend the money of the european institutions . 
  in that position it 's very easy to call for debt relief . 
  stop making shit up . 
   i do believe merkel should be put in jail for her crimes can you cite the laws she broke ? 
  we are incredibly sorry that we run the border police of greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary , croatia and slovenia in such a bad way . 
   is poland like russia in that regard ? 
  russia is not afraid of vegetarians on bicycles . 
  unsolicited advertising email , also known as spam , is unlawful . 
  facebook 's `` friend finder '' collected email addresses from the address books of facebook members and then they did send unsolicited invitations to non-members . 
  the court ruled that these invitations were advertising for facebook , and not private emails that were send on behalf of the facebook member . 
  collecting data for advertising purposes without the ability to opt-out is also unlawful . 
  facebook failed to inform its users that the address book data will be used for advertising purposes . 
  facebook also did n't provide a way to import the address book ( for example to match with members ) without using it for advertising . 
  keep in mind that this court ruling is about the friend finder version from autumn 2010 . 
  facebook changed it to a more privacy protecting version later . 
  yes . 
  insulting people is a criminal offense in germany . 
  article from 28 . 
  august 2015 . 
  if the investigation would have lead to a criminal procedure we would already know . 
   permanent grassland and meadow is land used permanently ( for several - usually more than five - consecutive years )   - to grow herbaceous forage crops , through cultivation ( sown ) or naturally ( self-seeded ) ;  - not included in the crop rotation scheme on the agricultural holding . 
    permanent grassland and meadow can be either used for grazing by livestock , or mowed for hay or silage ( stocking in a silo ) . 
  who is going to be our papua new guinea ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the majority of the asylum seekers in that bus would prefer to live in berlin anyway . 
  so best case , they stay in berlin . 
  worst case they drive back to landshut . 
  that 's basically how `` binnennachfrage ankurbeln '' works . 
  though people thought about reducing taxes and higher wages when they requested that the government increases internal consumption in the last years . 
  do you realize that large parts of the 160,000 people will be relocated to germany , sweden and france ? 
  so they are n't relocated to germany because germany is too soft to use force to shove them into trains ? 
  the reason why not many have been relocated is right in the article . 
  because there are no working hotspots . 
  and after the eu commission came up with the hotspots concept , the relocations were supposed to come from successful asylum requests in these hotspots . 
   the rest have to be turned back . 
  to where ? 
  turkey wo n't take them . 
  libya is not safe . 
  deportation to their home country is often very hard and takes a long time . 
  and that 's exactly why greece is reluctant to become the eu 's refugee processing center . 
  they know what happens to `` the rest '' . 
  they will stay in greece until the eu manages to deport them . 
  some will only stay a couple of months , but there will be people who will stay indefinitely . 
   we should look up to canada in this regard . 
  should we dig an ocean between europe and the source countries of asylum seekers ? 
  because that ocean allows them to be picky and use their fancy points system . 
   the only solution so far , was the quota system , which does n't solve one thing . 
  the relocation quota system was not supposed to solve anything . 
  it 's goal was to relief some stress from italy , greece and , before they let everyone leave to austria , hungary . 
   it seems , like there is still not willingness ( from eu as a whole ) to protect the outside borders in greece and italy and pre-screen people there . 
  there is . 
  [ the hotspot approach ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/background-information/docs/2_hotspots_en.pdf ) . 
   now , they came with the turkey involvement in this , but it seems rather chaotic again . 
  because the eu realized that it 's impossible to protect sea borders without a diplomatic solution . 
    gross domestic product rose 1.7 percent last year after a gain of 1.6 percent in 2014  so the acceleration is 0.1 % ? 
  this is really not at all impressive . 
  the growth increased by 0.1 percentage points . 
   more unqualified people = more unemployment . 
  = more welfare payments = more tax money flows back into the economy = higher gdp, 
  if you do it on tv , you can always scream `` but freedom of press !!! '',
