  in the us it 's either employer paid or employee paid . 
   ( but not taxfunded ) they 'll get annual grants though . 
  this year they 'll receive 14.5 billion euro from the federal budget . 
   they could restart buying russian gas after the regime change in russia which will be pretty soon if russia 's budget is ruined . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  switching away from russian gas costs a fuckton of money and takes a lot of time . 
  because it involves liquified natural gas ( lng ) which is imported via ship . 
  that wo n't be possible without making very-long-term contracts with lng providers . 
  if we switch away from russian gas we wo n't switch back to russian gas anytime soon . 
  it 's a planned evacuation that has been scheduled a few weeks ago , almost everyone will spend the day with friends and family . 
  in hannover , museums and such offer free admission . 
  according to news reports there 's like 900 people who have no one to go , so they went to the public assembly points which were established in schools . 
  local clubs organise a small entertainment program for them . 
  looks like there 's no hospital in the evacuated area , that makes the evacuation a lot easier . 
  nobody will detect signs of movement if you do n't move . 
  once the defusing starts everyone except the bomb technician has left the zone . 
  no helicopters either . 
  it has happened before , it will happen again . 
  that christian asylum seekers are systematically targeted is the speculative part . 
  the second survey by open doors is as bad the first one . 
  they only handed out the survey to people who contacted a counsellor of the organisation . 
   what if , for example , other eu members were to withhold the right to vote of people in other eu members ? 
  in my humble opinion that 's how it should be . 
  when i live in spain , why should i have a say about matters in germany ? 
  i 'm not living there . 
  that 's the irony . 
  on the one hand we have allegations that the german government doctors crime statistics , suppresses police reports and forces `` mainstream media '' to not cover certain crimes . 
  obviously it 's in the interest of the german government to keep the image of the innocent refugee alive . 
  at the same time we have a media outlet that is literally and actually controlled by the government that reports about these things . 
  a pessimist would say they convert because someone told them that christians wo n't be send back because they face persecution in their country . 
  about what ? 
  the murder ? 
  plenty if not all outlets reported about it . 
  among others , [ spiegel online reported ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/prien-am-chiemsee-religioeses-motiv-fuer-toedliche-messerstiche-auf-afghanin-a-1145751.html ) about the alleged connection between the murder and her conversion . 
  the rest of the article is investigation respectively speculation by dw . 
  sweden is already in northern europe . 
   determines that your building is in fact being used as a residence what 's the difference between a fancy startup and a residence ? 
  a residence does n't have beer on tap . 
  how much does extra pineapple cost ? 
  our food culture is so superior to the american crap that it can only survive if we ban the american crap !, 
  peak consumption in januar 2017 was 76.77 gw . 
  without solar , wind and nuclear we have 95.97 gigawatt installed capacity . 
  i do n't see those probable blackouts . 
  not at all ? 
  i know , i know , mcdonalds is deadlier than cigarettes and alcohol . 
  the reason why ireland can afford low taxes is because they are taxing amounts of money that bear no relation to the actual economy . 
  when your own companies make 10 billion of profit and you need 2 billion of tax revenue you have to tax them 20 % . 
  if you set the tax rate to 2 % and manage to attract an additional 90 billion of profit from foreign companies you still achieve the tax revenue you need . 
  that 's how tax havens work . 
   english speaking does n't matter as much as english speaking people believe . 
  in multinational companies people communicate in the language most convenient for them anyway . 
   only a few hours behind new york there 's one hour difference between paris and dublin . 
  some parts of france even have just 1 hour difference between them and new york . 
  i guess if french guiana would speak english they would attract all the multinational companies . 
    close to the uk and london flights to heathrow take the same time from dublin and paris . 
  you can even travel between france and london by train in a reasonable time . 
  it 's the taxes . 
  coal is black and brown . 
  they did n't go to 0 . 
  the 8 gigawatt mentioned in the article is actually the minimum of energy from coal for that day . 
  not the maximum . 
  apparently dw ca n't even read press releases properly . 
  not sure what you mean with energy imports . 
  germany usually net-exports energy . 
  in the graph the export is everything above the pink line . 
  he 's not living there . 
  he lives in shared apartment with 9 other people . 
  everyone pays 100 $ rent per month . 
  but since he 's a workaholic he spends most of the time in his company . 
  is the convention really relevant to german residents voting on turkish matters ? 
  article 25 limits voting rights to citizens . 
  for me that implies that voting rights of citizens have to be guaranteed in their country of citizenship . 
  i do n't think that article 25 says that a country has to allow foreign elections . 
  if german residents with turkish citizenship want to vote in turkish matters they can travel to turkey . 
   the first is definitely a move to please lord trump with some of their spare change . 
  to get that repatriation tax deal so they can return the 150 billion us-dollar they have outside of the us back home without paying 40 % repatriation tax on it . 
   how about you lower your tax instead of making us raise it ? 
  guess what would happen to the irish economy if germany sets its corporate tax rate to 0 % . 
  when ireland leaves the eu it will lose all the businesses that set up their hq in ireland to avoid taxes in other eu countries . 
  the scheme ireland runs requires free movement of capital . 
  you might have to find another resource you can tap , or you 'll become a poor country again . 
   this is pure jealousy from macron ( who i very much support in other areas ) and he should tread very carefully . 
  he should set the french corporate tax rate to 0 % and be done with it . 
  in a few years the irish candidates will become jealous and run on a `` harmonize eu corporate tax '' election agenda . 
  if a giant rainbow makes you gay , you have been gay all the time . 
  that 's basically why they are all single . 
  with a number and a password . 
  at least that 's how it worked in the movies i saw . 
  your `` no artefacts means real '' works for photos . 
  it does n't work for photos of documents . 
  because when you re-create a document in a tool like illustrator and print it out there wo n't be any artefacts . 
   i had a look at them , they seem pretty legit . 
  and what are your credentials ? 
  the real traffickers are the royal navy . 
   in july and september 2014 , the eu imposed economic sanctions targeting exchanges with russia in specific economic sectors . 
    ** in march 2015 , eu leaders decided to align the existing sanctions regime to the complete implementation of the minsk agreements ** , which was foreseen for the end of december 2015 . 
  since the minsk agreements were not fully implemented by 31 december 2015 , the council extended economic sanctions until 31 july 2016 . 
    in july 2016 , having assessed the implementation of the minsk agreements , the council prolonged the sanctions until 31 january 2017 . 
    the european council , meeting on 15 december 2016 , assessed the implementation of the minsk agreements and paved the way for a council decision to extend the sanctions for the next 6 months , until 31 july 2017 . 
  the council adopted this decision on 19 december 2016 by written procedure .
