  libraries will opt for `` one copy , one user '' , like it was traditionally . 
  for profit entities like amazon , google or apple will opt for user based compensation . 
  that 's why some countries have a `` private copy '' fee for blank media . 
  in germany you pay a fee to reimburse copyright holders when you buy empty cassette tapes , vhs tapes , dvds , cds , printers , usb sticks , external harddisks ( if enclosure and disk are sold as a bundle ) and other products that can be used for private copies . 
  as a consequence the private copy is totally legal , if you do n't remove drm and do n't download things from obviously illegal sources . 
  all libraries in germany also pay a yearly 17 million euro combined fee to the collecting society of copyright holders as a compensation for private copies that user of the library will make . 
  how would rights holders be compensated in that model ? 
  do they get money per user who rented the book ? 
  because with physical copies and the proposed `` one copy , one user '' model they do n't get compensated during the lifetime of the book , just on initial purchase . 
  if one book would allow multiple concurrent copies , the rights holder has the right to be compensated for each copy . 
  works the same for things like movies . 
  if you rent a movie from the itunes store , the rights holder gets compensated for that one copy . 
  if you rent a physical dvd , the rights holder does not get compensated , because they were compensated during the initial purchase . 
  and bulletproof backpacks against the increased likelihood of school shootings . 
  he does n't even know his agenda . 
  just compare his agenda about us military commitments to south korea :  march 28 , 2016   when asked whether the united states gains anything by having military bases in south korea and japan , trump replied , `` personally , i do n't think so . '' he said south korea is `` a wealthy country '' that he has `` great relationships with '' ( `` i have buildings in south korea '' ) . 
  `` we are not reimbursed fairly for what we do . ''   http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2016/03/28/trump-wants-to-leave-u-s-allies-in-the-lurch/ -----  nov 10 , 2016   u.s. president-elect donald trump pledged his commitment to defending south korea under an existing security alliance during a phone call with south korean president park geun-hye on thursday , her office said . 
    http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-southkorea-iduskbn13508o, 
  britain signed up to a trade bloc , then left that trade bloc to join the eu . 
  of course russia does n't want a war . 
  that did n't help crimea and eastern ukraine though . 
  crimea would still be a part of ukraine if ukraine would be a part of nato or the eu . 
  their problem was that they did n't have an army that was prepared for that russian `` we want a part of your territory , but we do n't want a war '' tactics . 
   i do n't feel european at all thinking of the idea . 
  because you can always go back to neutral switzerland and pretend that the stuff that happens around you is not your concern ? 
   i see it in my own country when i hear that people would n't support defending poland from russia during peacetime pacifism is easy and convenient . 
  make ~ ~ love ~ ~ trade not war . 
  and do n't anger the russki . 
  these opinions will change once a eu country is invaded . 
  pacifism stops being the convenient opinion when people are confronted with the harsh reality of fellow union citizens dying by the hands of an invader . 
  i can guarantee you that not a single eu country will weasel out if another eu member is attacked . 
  and there will be a large support in the population for that mutual defense . 
  people tend to reserve solidarity for times of hardship . 
  and with hardship i do n't mean financial hardship or shit like hosting refugees . 
   and because of that , it can , and i am pretty sure it will ( since everyone has to agree to such a treaty , and i ca n't see how all would agree otherwise ) contain the basic regulation that the eu-army is only to be used on european soil in cases of either an attack from the outside or for catastrophic controle ( floodings , earthquakes , etc ) and that for any usage of the army outside of this , every participating state has a full veto-right so that no nation can do any agressive notions . 
  the eu army wo n't be an isolationist army . 
  every single eu country has deployed troops abroad . 
  even neutral countries like ireland and austria . 
   germany 's army is purely defensive . 
  and germany is currently defended by almost 3500 german soldiers in afghanistan , kosovo , sudan , lebanon , mali , senegal , somalia , northern iraq , syria , west sahara , in the mediterranean sea and on the oceans near the horn of africa . 
  the bundeswehr stopped being strictly about homeland defense in 1990 . 
  [ according to nato ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf ) , defence expenditures in 2015 of germany were 39,813 million usd ( 1.19 % of gdp ) , while expenditures for italy were 21,878 million usd ( 1.09 % of gdp ) . 
  germany is the 4th largest spender in nato . 
  italy is 5th . 
  for comparison : - usa 641,253 million usd - uk : 59,634 - france 43,473 - nato europe 235,668 million usd, 
  even us germans who have an unconditional love for that convenient peace-time pacifism . 
   today if you offend one eu member state all others will reply . 
  and once they realize that the reply was bad for their economy they want to change that reply . 
  if each country in the eu could decide on its own how many would still have sanctions against russia ? 
  the west should help them . 
  and the refugees should stay away . 
  but the west does n't help them . 
  so the refugees take matters in their own hands . 
  lebanon hosts over one million refugees as well . 
  turkey hosts over 2.7 million refugees . 
  and the eu , the richest economic block in the world , is on the brink of a collapse because they have to host as many refugees as lebanon . 
  if it were n't so sad it would be laughable . 
  there are more than 14 million refugees in the world . 
  only very few try to reach the richest countries . 
  most continue to sit in underfunded refugee camps . 
   it feels like they think that they are obligated well . 
  they paid a lot of money for their entrance ticket . 
  a couple apartments in my apartment building are used to host asylum seekers and refugees , so i get to know a few refugee families . 
  the difference in gratitude between those who paid thousands of euros to come to germany and those that were part of the unhcr resettlement program is tremendous . 
  there is a family that keeps complaining because they live on the 5th floor and the building has no elevator . 
  and then there 's a family that still thanks me because i gave their son a couple of cheap tools so he can fix his bike , three years ago . 
  if i had something to say in this country i would try to make a deal with the unhcr to resettle 200,000 people a year from their camps if we would n't need to host refugees that came on their own . 
  how about no ? 
  brits should be able to move abroad easily but we are n't allowed to move to the uk as easy ? 
  hell no . 
  why should brits be able to enjoy the benefits of eu membership , while the uk becomes off limits for actual eu citizen ? 
  we should grant uk citizens that are currently in another eu country unlimited residence rights in that country , but that 's it . 
  no fast tracking of citizenship applications , no `` associate eu citizenship '' . 
  and if there 's no peace to keep you have to enforce peace first . 
  which is not something germany would do . 
  but france has no problem with that . 
  in the last federal elections we had 34 parties on the ballot . 
  a party needs at least 5 % to enter the bundestag . 
  theoretically a party could have won 100 % of the seats with 5 % of the votes . 
  sorry that we joined the eu . 
  is that what you wanted to hear ? 
  because the only mass migration i can see when looking at german migration statistics is from other eu countries . 
  basically every eu country participated in unhcr resettlement of syrians . 
  basically every eu country participated in unhcr resettlement of syrian refugees in 2013 . 
  croatia resettled 150 people from refugee camps . 
  even poland participated . 
  generally a little bit more distance between the different political layers would be good . 
  with layers i mean municipality , state , federal government and eu . 
  there 's someone in our city council that is also part of the state parliament . 
  said politician is the majority leader in the city council , so large influence on local level . 
  that persons tends to propose things on municipal level that are kinda pointless ( but expensive ) for the city but help them boast how awesome their local chapter of the party is on higher levels . 
  which apparently is something you have to do if you want to progress your career as politician . 
  thank you for your application . 
  but we have to inform you that one or more of these proposed eu members are not fit for joining the european union . 
  in particular yesterdays no to california proposition 62 ( repeal of the death penalty ) is not in compliance with the founding values of the european union . 
  sincerely , the european union, 
  but the party that got all the seats would still be the one that received the most votes . 
  clinton received 47.7 % of the votes . 
   this even happends in germany , after every elections . 
  in soms local areas in germany a law was passed , to not allow the afd to take controll of the media , if they win the elections .
