  or to take it to the extreme , if it is produced by a local franchise . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  mcdonalds spain uses beef from spain . 
  mcdonalds france uses beef from france . 
  can the customer in spain complain because the beef he has to eat was produced with more antibiotics ( i.e. 
  inferior quality , more health risk ) than the beef the french customer eats ? 
  can the mcdonalds customer in the netherlands complain because he has to eat greenhouse tomatoes that were grown in hydroculture while the one in spain eats tomatoes that were grown outdoors ? 
  products of different quality is a problem the markets are perfectly capable of solving . 
  do you believe german customers get high quality food for low prices because all the businesses around the world love germans so much ? 
  or is it because german customers wo n't buy your stuff if you fuck with them too much ? 
  people also complain about products that are marketed under a different name . 
  so sprite sold in austria is of inferior quality to sprite sold in the uk because it contains two grams less sugar per can ? 
  and coffee in the uk is of inferior quality to coffee sold in germany because it contains less arabica and more robusta beans ? 
  this has nothing to do with the euro . 
  the real reason is that german customers are extremely price sensitive . 
  the single market does n't mean that you have a right to buy every product everywhere in the single market . 
  it means that a person can buy anywhere in the single market . 
  and that a company can buy and sell everywhere in the single market . 
  want to test the single market ? 
  open a company in poland that buys german nutella in germany and resells it in poland . 
  if ferrero germany wo n't sell to you , file a complaint with the eu because they discriminate . 
   they could try and enforce a different standard , but there must be some kind of contractual obligation if they use the coca cola or pepsi trademarks they have an agreement with the companies . 
  and as far as i know coca cola plants around the world rely on a concentrate that contains the ingredients of coca cola . 
  they do n't create coca cola from scratch , they add water to the concentrate and put that stuff into bottles . 
  nobody is saying that there are n't cases where eastern europe gets lesser quality . 
  but if you want eu regulation you need some specifics to regulate upon . 
  difference alone is not enough to conclude that a product is of lesser quality . 
  that 's a rather strange comparison . 
  the barriers to entry for mobile operators are high because the number of frequencies that are usable is limited . 
  to open a business that produces hazelnut cocoa spread like nutella you need a hygiene certificate , a commercial kitchen , ingredients and containers to sell that stuff . 
  you can set that up for a couple thousand euros . 
  to open a business that produces washing detergent you need some simple machinery , ingredients and containers to sell it . 
  again , a couple thousand euros should be enough . 
  if the barriers to entry in your national food and laundry detergent industry are as high as the barriers to entry of the german mobile provider market you should ask your authorities to do a monopoly investigation . 
  because that 's not natural . 
  then there 's a business opportunity . 
  buy the real products , then sell them for the same price . 
  carnival should be a safe space !, 
  the joke starts even earlier than that . 
  because poverty is defined as having less than 60 % of the national median equivalised income . 
  it 's basically a measure of inequality itself . 
   we also took refugees from camps in the middle east - the ones who are the neediest and in most need of our help . 
  like almost everyone else in the eu did since 2013 . 
  even poland resettled 900 syrians from refugee camps . 
   its not about different flavoring , its about different quality . 
  but where do you draw the line ? 
  and how would you define different quality in terms of a regulation ? 
  a can of sprite sold in austria contains 2g less sugar than one sold in the uk . 
  is this a ripoff ? 
  they get less sugar for same price . 
  coffee sold at mcdonalds uk contains less arabica and more robusta beans than coffee sold in germany . 
  is this a ripoff ? 
  arabica is more expensive after all . 
  there are not that many countries where the average person lives in poverty , because poverty is defined as having less than 60 % of the national median equivalised income . 
  got some numbers to back that ` most ' ? 
  if you read past the headline you 'll realise that this is about issuing automatic permanent residence rights to eu citizens once the uk leaves the eu . 
  - if you became uk resident before article 50 is triggered -  automatic permanent residence rights when uk leaves , just because you are an eu citizen - if you became uk resident after article 50 is triggered -  no automatic permanent residence rights when uk leaves . 
  you have to apply like everyone else, 
  not if the owner gave permission . 
  and if the owner does n't give permission , he wo n't be allowed to enter greece . 
  and no , you wo n't be able to get them arrested for coercion . 
  law works a bit different when crossing borders . 
  and you will delay triggering article 50 if it helps your position . 
  it 's a red , white and blue brexit after all ; or like the americans say ` uk first ' . 
  if the eu starts negotiations without having a deadline the uk will be able to unilateral decide about the timing . 
  which gives you an advantage . 
  discussing current residents is also a lot more than stating that you wo n't deport anyone in the months after leaving the eu . 
  what about voting rights ? 
  what about rights of the families who live abroad ? 
  will you grandfather all immigration rights , or can eu citizens become subject to changes of immigration law ? 
  eu citizens have tons of rights in the uk . 
  and the discussion on how many of them will be removed is lengthy and will cut into other areas that have to be negotiated . 
  the relations between uk and the eu are so wide that there wo n't be many areas that you can discuss in isolation . 
  and only people who were uk residents before the uk triggered article 50 are eligible for automatic permanent residence status when the uk actually leaves the eu . 
  people who moved to the uk after they triggered article 50 have to fulfil some criteria to get permanent residency . 
  the eu has a defense clause that was modeled after nato article 5 . 
  that 's why countries often build an export version of their own weapons . 
  so you are saying the government manipulates the bka crime statistics ? 
  anything to back this claim ? 
  it does n't happen . 
  that 's not how tariffs work . 
  if a uk company exports us made goods to the eu , the goods will be subject to tariffs for us made goods . 
  people who stay more than 90 days are included in the stat . 
  plenty are already using the other options . 
  309,980 eu citizens have arrived in germany in the first 6 months of 2016 . 
  118,700 of them being from romania and bulgaria . 
  net migration of eu citizens was 161,199 during the first 6 months of 2016 . 
   the correct response if police wish to question you ( as opposed to you seeking them out to give them information ) is `` i want to speak to my attorney ! '' . 
  if you are n't under arrest and they accuse you of something `` i make use of my right to remain silent '' is much cheaper than a lawyer . 
  it 's the deep state !, 
   amicable divorce will do nicely . 
  and the occasional sex with the ex . 
  though i 'm not sure what that means in the context of brexit . 
  your fucking coat or your regular coat ? 
   she is free to decline police interviews because she enjoys parliamentary immunity as a member of the european parliament . 
  and because france follows the right to remain silent . 
  i hope . 
  have you read the article you posted ? 
  the dublin regulations are a set of rules to determine which country is responsible for the handling of an asylum application . 
  it neither forces asylum seekers to request asylum in the first country .
