  why not have these detention centers in every eu country ? 
   i say we send the eastern-european leaders to do the negotiation . 
  what 's the point ? 
  they do n't want that deal at all . 
  they would love to build a wall around greece and keep the 6 billion for themselves . 
  greece is in the eu so they ca n't play the part that papua new guinea has in the australian solution . 
  though we might get a suitable island by end of june . 
   that seems like a decent idea to me , but i think it 's juridically impossible to `` claim '' eu-camps outside the union . 
  that 's the whole point of such camps . 
  asylum seekers are brought to another country before they have a chance to request asylum in your country . 
  so they do n't fall under the jurisdiction of your country . 
  that 's basically the australian solution . 
  or guantanamo for that matter . 
   we could loan the terrain long term . 
  bassicaly make it a eu colony . 
  this way it would still be considered a part of the union , just like any member state is . 
  the whole point of off-shore refugee camps is that the refugees do n't fall under the jurisdiction of the country that puts refugees into these camps . 
  so you , legally , do n't have to give a fuck about the conditions they have to live in . 
  and so they have literally no way of getting citizenship in your country . 
  why would we lease land in a foreign country to designate it as eu , if we could create camps in rural parts of the eu instead ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it will be the unhcr who will select the refugees for resettlement and not the eu resettlement picking agency . 
   weird , the uk , canada , australia and the us have already been taking genuine refugees from camps there . 
  do n't forget austria ( 1900 ) , belgium ( 475 ) , the czech republic ( 70 ) , denmark ( 390 ) , finland ( 1900 ) , france ( 1000 + 1880 asylum visas so they could request asylum in france ) , germany ( 41,216 ) , hungary ( 30 ) , iceland ( 75 ) , ireland ( 610 ) , italy ( 1400 ) , liechtenstein ( 25 ) , luxembourg ( 60 ) , the netherlands ( 500 ) , norway ( 9000 ) , poland ( 900 ) , portugal ( 118 ) , romania ( 40 ) , spain ( 130 ) , sweden ( 2700 ) and switzerland ( 2000 + 4700 family reunification ) . 
  to just name the european countries that have resettled syrians from unhcr camps since 2013 . 
  the uk initially accepted 216 syrians as well , and in september 2015 they pledged to take another 19,784 until 2020 . 
  by that date the other countries had already concluded their resettlement of syrians . 
  have you ever heard of the dublin regulations ? 
  it basically says that the country where an asylum seeker enters the eu is responsible for the asylum claim . 
  the new asylum system would replace the dublin regulations . 
  this has nothing to do with deportations . 
   yeah , sending the refugees to the small and poor countries of eu instead of returning them to greece and italy . 
  desperate people start to lie to themselves . 
  i think the article makes that pretty clear too . 
  if he would have tried a bit harder he would have gotten his surgery . 
  and because he fought for peshmerga it 's very likely that he could have gotten his surgery in germany or the eu without pretending to be a refugee . 
  the german bundeswehr [ does medevac flights ( video , german ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya0bur5gle0 ) to bring wounded peshmerga fighters to germany for treatment that is n't possible in their countries . 
  and even without the military context , doctors and hospitals in the western world treat rare and complicated cases from poor or underdeveloped countries all the time . 
  but if you even lack the commitment to attend language courses alone ... 
  you know what 's the risky thing about a bribe ? 
  if you offer too little , the other side gets angry , refuses and arrests you for attempted bribery . 
  or in the eu case : 0 billion is for 1,000,000 for 0 . 
   plus if turkey can get fast tracked into europe whats stopping them from giving migrants citizen ship to come . 
  because even the `` fast track '' to eu membership takes at least a decade ? 
  and once turkey is part of the eu , every single eu member will limit freedom of movement for workers of turks for the full 7 years ? 
  how to figure out if a country is communist , us edition : ----- are there fundraisers so individuals who have been diagnosed with cancer are able to pay for their treatment ? 
  - yes -  not communist - no -  communist, 
  germany . 
  outside . 
  so the whole thing finally collapses and we can create something new without repeating the mistake of a hasty expansion to the east . 
  neither the czech republic nor any other imf contributor can forgive imf debt . 
  and eurozone countries ca n't forgive ecb debt either . 
  these institutions are independent . 
   i know that in some places you have to get a job in the place you want to move to or meet other financial requirements . 
  that 's true in every single country that participates in eu freedom of movement . 
  the rules are the same everywhere . 
  everybody can stay in a country of his choice for 90 days . 
  after that the `` for workers '' part in the official name `` freedom of movement for workers '' becomes relevant . 
  people who do n't work or do n't belong to a family of workers , do n't fall under the freedom of movement rules any longer and have to leave the country . 
  exemptions are made for people who are wealthy enough to support themselves . 
  the only thing that differs is how much these rules are enforced . 
  socialist symbols shown during a rally for a day that was started as a socialist political event ? 
  get out the rubber bullets !, 
  it 's an invasion !, 
  the debt that eu governments could cancel is n't going to come due until 2020 . 
  will the czech republic give greece money to bridge that gap ? 
  and what will eu countries that are n't eurozone members contribute to help greece ? 
   by cancelling that crushing debt they have . 
  the part of the debt the eu could cancel is n't due until 2020 though . 
   it 's obvious that the current refugee conventions are broken and not suited for the situation we 're currently witnessing the un refugee convention was created in 1951 , six years after the end of world war ii and six years after the end of the holocaust . 
  some historians estimate that 60 million europeans became refugees during wwii . 
  during that time the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration was founded , which helped around 8 million refugees between 1943 and 1947 . 
  i would say the un knew very well what they did . 
  granted , they overestimated the capabilities of europe . 
  apparently we are n't even capable of handling the same amount of asylum seekers as lebanon , or less than half the amount that turkey handles . 
  it would be hilarious if it would n't be so sad . 
  the largest economic bloc in the world ca n't even handle half a million refugees and has shown that it is completely unable to deal with people who abuse the un refugee convention . 
  but of course that 's not our fault . 
  it has to be the fault of the refugee convention . 
  38990 people have requested asylum in belgium in 2015 . 
  literally 620 more than the uk . 
  for what group would you fight ? 
  reason 249 for brexit : if you ca n't control migration , you get a lot of plumbers but no construction workers . 
   the current convention was written for a different age indeed . 
  the convention is from 1951 , so it was written with another holocaust and another world war in mind . 
  not just a few million opportunists that , according to the un refugee convention , do n't qualify for asylum . 
  different times indeed . 
  some estimates state that a total of 60 million europeans became refugees during world war ii . 
  more than a million were still looking for a place to settle by 1951 . 
  one can assume that the un knew very well what they did when they created the un refugee convention . 
  especially because the un relief and rehabilitation administration themselves helped about 8 million refugees between 1943 and 1947 . 
   since when has juncker been in charge of nato ? 
  since when do you need to be in charge of something to make predictions ? 
  you do n't want to get hit by a surf board . 
  `` now '' that term has been around for decades . 
  no prayers ? 
  before people go bonkers because `` what the fuck you stupid piece of shit eu ?? 
  ? / / / / '' :  people granted international protection can freely live and move anywhere they want ** in a member state ** but may be ordered to reside at a specific address in limited cases . 
   im not saying merkel caused it , she only made it 100 times worse . 
  so we now have 80 million asylum seekers in germany ? 
  because a couple days before merkel started the refugee crisis in late august 2015 , the german ministry for migration and refugee estimated that we 'll see 800,000 asylum seekers in germany till the end of 2015 .
