  director mueller previously planned to deliver the sample in april ( ref a ) , but due to a scheduling conflict the trip was canceled . 
    https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/09state85588_a.html#efmbbpblp -- if it ever was , wikileaks has stopped being about government transparency a long time ago . 
  it has become really obvious that they leak politically . 
  that 's when i went on my first vacation abroad . 
  in my childhood vacation meant to live with my grandparents for two weeks , and my grandpa and i spend a lot of time in the woods doing awesome shit . 
  talking about the things you did on vacation when we were back in school was always a bit embarrassing . 
  but back to my first actual vacation . 
  some friends and i went to mallorca , ca n't remember where exactly but it was somewhere in the north , away from the ballermann crowds . 
  cheap flight and a bargain deal for a 2 star hotel . 
  well . 
  we should have read a bit better . 
  the rating was for their main building , they had like a concrete shanty on the other side of the road . 
  i 'm pretty sure that room violated several of my human rights . 
  still worth it . 
  the us currently has three net exporting car manufacturers . 
  tesla , bmw and daimler . 
  these companies export more cars from the us than they import into the us . 
  yet trump has no problem accusing the german car industry of abusing trade and destroying us jobs . 
  he even threatened punitive duties on the german car industry . 
  but i guess in that case it does n't matter how that looks because germany is n't the most important nato member . 
  disagreeing about sanctions does n't mean that you disagree in all sectors . 
  the us and germany respectlively the eu are disagreeing over trade all the time . 
  the eu and the us are stilled allied , even after the 2002 dispute about steel . 
  in that regard most countries are grown ups already . 
  they do n't cancel your friendship after you are issuing threats of legal action in specific areas . 
  do you think being a nato member means being a puppet state of the us ? 
  you are not allowed to disagree with them , because they have troops here ? 
  that 's your rebuttal ? 
  the old germany is running the eu meme ? 
  we 're talking about decisions that require unanimous approval by each member state . 
  there are 28 votes and every single vote has the exact same weight . 
  but they are ? 
  eu sanctions require unanimous approval . 
  that 's why the sanctions are a compromise between all members . 
  poland wanted to sell apples and buy gas . 
  italy wanted to continue their ongoing sale of military equipment and buy gas . 
  germany wants to sell as much as possible and buy gas as well . 
  and so on . 
  there would n't be eu sanctions at all if the eu would have insisted on sanctioning gas trade , the sale of polish apples or if they would have insisted that the sanctions cover currently ongoing deals as well . 
  that 's what every single country wants to achieve . 
  do as much harm to them without harming yourself . 
  sanctions are always created with a compromise between hurting their economy and hurting your own economy . 
  not even poland wants to destroy its own economy to hurt russia . 
  back in 2014 poland complained that russia banned the import of polish apples . 
  and that was about selling apples , not something that is essential for your economy like buying gas . 
   [ reuters : poland asks eu to complain to wto over russian embargo ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-poland-wto-iduskbn0gj1gu20140819 )   warsaw ( reuters ) - poland has asked the european commission to lodge a formal complaint to the world trade organization ( wto ) over a russian ban on eu food products that has hit poland particularly hard , the polish economy ministry said on tuesday . 
    the commission has so far been cautious about taking the embargo case to the wto , with lawyers in brussels advising that doing so could escalate the conflict with russia over ukraine . 
    russia has banned the import of eu food products including fruit and vegetables from poland , whose total food exports to russia were worth around $ 1.5 bln last year . 
  depends on what kind of holiday you are planning to do . 
  we 've been camping in the czech republic recently . 
  i was n't there with my family but with my drinking buddies . 
  but cost for a family of 4 with a large tent , a car and a dog would have been 420 koruny per night . 
  add 80 koruny for a shower per person per day and you are at 500 koruny for lodging . 
  so less than 20 euro per day , or 140 euro per week . 
  on top of that you need food which you can buy in the supermarket . 
  and fuel to reach the czech republic . 
  i 'm sure that the vast majority of the ~ 19 % germans that ca n't afford a week of holiday abroad would be able to afford that . 
  and to be fair , if your kids are old enough , camping on a lake in the czech republic beats a hotel in mallorca in 10 out of 10 cases . 
  but that might just be me . 
  the rapporteur on the european defence union agrees  we have today the problem that the ` military schengen ' is still missing . 
  it is quite complicated and time-consuming to move troops and equipment from one eu member states to another . 
  this can sometimes take days if not weeks . 
  however , when there is a crisis looming and we want to be pro-active , we have to be much more effective and quicker in this domain . 
  therefore the rules and procedures applying to moving troops and military equipment inside the eu should be reformed . 
    https://www.eda.europa.eu/webzine/issue12/cover-story/europe-needs-a-military-schengen, 
  you are delusional if you believe that the uk wo n't get visa-free travel to the schengen zone the moment they leave . 
  we allow serbia , columbia , ukraine visa-free travel but the uk wo n't get it because of all their criminals ? 
   trade with the eu is n't stopping trade with the us would n't have stopped either . 
  on one hand trade agreements are one of the primary reasons for leaving the eu , on the other hand it does n't matter that you are about to lose eu customs union membership , which makes trade a lot easier than any trade deal could do . 
  does not compute . 
  you will need a lot of trade deals to make up for the lost trade that comes with leaving the eu customs union . 
   unlike the sterotypical `` first lady '' mentality that many wives of heads of state seem to have that 's basically just the us , is n't it ? 
  when you would ask me about the partners of head of states i could only name flotus , brigitte macron ( because media tried to scandalise her during his campaign ) and the husband of merkel . 
  statistically every german resident drinks more than 3 liters of beck 's per year . 
  it 's the fifth most sold beer in germany . 
  around 2.5 million hectolitres annually . 
   you can see how the ngos are colluding with people smugglers on the coast of libya that 's the allegation , yes . 
  the italian public prosecutor has looked into that , and he ca n't find evidence for that collusion . 
   yet on a european scale it 's never even talked about . 
  maybe you just do n't pay attention when they do ? 
  on friday the commission approved 46 million euro for migration and border management in libya . 
  like 3 weeks ago a delegation from libya was in brussels for meetings with the eu parliament . 
  in march and may the libya quartet met . 
  in april the eu trust fund for africa adopted a 90 million program on migration management in libya . 
  in february the president of the eu parliament has called for reception centers in libya . 
  eunavfor med started training libyan navy trainees in october 2016 . 
  the eu 's partnership framework on migration has been going on for over a year . 
  and that 's just the stuff that happens directly in or with libya . 
  without the council , i.e. 
  the member states , the eu would also do a lot more . 
  ca n't blame it on the eu that many member states lose interest in solving the crisis the moment they have to give something . 
   the us is our largest trade partner . 
  your largest trading partner is the eu . 
  you just have to combine the trade with germany and the netherlands to beat the us . 
  i know , i know , does n't count because the eu is n't one country , even if it 's just one trade deal . 
  how sure are you that they are n't back ? 
  does your government publish information about individual cases ? 
   you are just inventing things and believe fake news rather than the claims made by the organisers of this mission . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  as if believing every word of the organisers would be less ridiculous .
