  the term may also apply to a court held by a legitimate judicial authority who intentionally disregards the court 's legal or ethical obligations . 
    a kangaroo court is often held to give the appearance of a fair and just trial , even though the verdict has in reality already been decided before the trial has begun . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kangaroo_court ), 
   but spending more in europe than all ( or most ) european countries put together so how much do they spend ? 
  according to the article they plan to spend 3.4 billion us-dollar on weapons and equipment in europe . 
  that 's probably not all of the cost they spend on europe , but it will still be far away from all ( or most ) european countries put together . 
  in fact , 3.4 billion us-dollar is less than the 4.9 billion us-dollar the german army will invest in procurement of new weapons and equipment in 2016 . 
  -- but obviously , the us does n't need troops in europe to protect europe . 
  because we play by the wto rules . 
  we would be among the first who would complain if a country increases market entry barriers because our exports endanger jobs in that country . 
  but we also export to china . 
  for the eu china is the second largest export partner , and the one with the fastest growth . 
  if we do n't grant them mes , and the usa does , china might react with lower tariffs for machinery and equipment , motor vehicles , aircraft , and chemicals that originate in the us . 
  there 's also a lot of untapped potential for the eu in china . 
  if we grant them mes , they might lower some of their market access barriers for us . 
   from $ 789 million to $ 3.4 billion honestly , i expected other numbers . 
  just things that nobody dares to even talk about because they involve real and long term commitment . 
  1 . triple the budget of the unhcr 2 . provide them with staff that can build and maintain refugee camps 3 . make a couple billions available each year to stimulate the economies of countries that host refugee camps 4 . offer 250,000 resettlement slots per year 5 . bring every asylum seeker who enters the eu in a country that does not directly neighbor his home country to a unhcr camp but not going to happen . 
  because we still hope that the current crisis will suddenly stop and we can go back to not caring about refugees . 
  we ca n't risk to pledge to take 250 million people over the next 1000 years if there 's a chance that suddenly everything will be okay . 
  money is probably not the issue . 
  i think society is . 
  because for some reason nowadays people believe that a mother has to be available for her child 24/7 for the first 16 years . 
  in the gdr it was expected that both parents work while raising children . 
  only very few people quit their jobs to become a full-time mother . 
  children spend their day in childcare facilities . 
  no matter if 1 year or 14 years old , there was always an affordable option where a professional would look after your child while you are at work . 
  and nobody was looked down upon because they made use of these offers . 
  so naturally many people used them . 
  and that has n't changed to western levels after the reunification . 
  in march 2015 , 51.9 % of the under 3 year olds in east germany visited a child care facility . 
  in west germany only 28.2 % did . 
  that 's on of the reasons why the birth rates in east germany are higher than in the west . 
  despite eastern wages being lower . 
   i 'm very confident that a country such as germany has the type of people who would be more than capable of efficiently downsizing their country and accommodating a lower population without experiencing a horrific economic depression . 
  low birth rates are n't a problem by itself . 
  a lower population is not a problem by itself either . 
  but as long as we do n't live in the communistic ideal of a society , math is working against us . 
  people live longer , which means they receive more pension payments . 
  and they are also kept alive by expensive technology . 
  the older people get , the more expensive the technology will become . 
  and someone has to pay for that . 
  young people that is . 
  to kick some numbers around , in 1962 ( west germany only ) 6 people worked for the pension of one person . 
  in 1982 ( w ) it was only 3.5 people who had to work for one pension . 
  2002 ( w+e ) it was only 2.1 people who worked for one pension . 
  i believe we are currently below 2 . 
  and depending on forecast somewhere around 2025 or 2035 we 'll reach parity . 
  then one person has to pay for the pension of one person . 
  and after that more than one person has to work for one pensioner . 
  there 's also the option to fuck over everyone by declaring the current system dead at one point . 
  that 's very likely what will happen to my generation . 
  we 'll have to work until we are dead because there is n't a social system to pay for us after we have paid into a dead system for 50 years . 
  and of course these 50 years of contribution will be gone too . 
  and one must not forget that the pension system is n't a bank that pays out the exact amount that was paid in 50 years ago . 
  pensions are basically paid in `` standard of living '' units . 
  so increasing productivity wo n't help if we do n't want to let the 2080 pensioners live like people from 2015 . 
  which would, 
  find a company in greenland that is unable to fill a position with a resident 2 . 
  apply for that position 3 . 
  get accepted and make a job contract or binding job offer with the employer 5 . 
  ask your future employer to fill out this [ form ] ( https://www.nyidanmark.dk/nr/rdonlyres/c976aeb4-5867-486e-8c44-ba433a03291b/0/gl_ar1_en.pdf ) and mail it back to you 6 . 
  fill out your part of the form and submit it to the danish immigration service 7 . 
  get a residence and work permit 9 . 
  move to greenland that 's what the [ official portal for foreigners ] ( https://www.nyidanmark.dk/en-us/coming_to_dk/greenland/work/work.htm ) told me after i typed `` how does one move to greenland '' into google . 
  and that 's the process for everyone who is n't a citizen of denmark , finland , iceland , norway or sweden . 
  these citizens do n't require a residence and work permit . 
   selling hashish and coke or taking part in a non-violent robbery will get you 10 years . 
  can you cite a case where someone with a clean record was sentenced to 10 years for a non-violent ( so theft ? ), 
  robbery ? 
  same question for the hash and coke distribution . 
  because i highly doubt that 10 years is anywhere near the usual sentence for these crimes . 
  but maybe i 'm totally misjudging the uk justice system . 
  poor exploited eu citizens . 
  i do n't understand how they are able to cope with the horrible situation in germany . 
  must be the really good bratwurst . 
  because with all these taxes that are spend on undesirables it 's obviously not the paycheck . 
  if only there were some kind of advisors that could have told them how many taxes they will have to pay in germany before they decided to come to germany . 
  man . 
  soon we 'll be the sick man of europe again . 
  and germans will mass emigrate to poland . 
  any day now !, 
  any day !, 
   exactly , we have enough problem of our own . 
  no you do n't . 
  because almost all of them have left hungary . 
  if other eu countries would have the same attitude as you ( personally ) , hungary would have gotten every single one of them back . 
  and suddenly , hungary would have more asylum seekers per capita than germany . 
  so they would ask for 6 billion next month ? 
  it 's pointless if germany acts alone . 
  this needs the eu . 
   you do n't drag us into this . 
  good joke . 
  check the last column of that [ table ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/7/7a/first_time_asylum_applicants%2c_q3_2014_\u2013_q3_2015.png ) . 
  do you see the 201,495 ? 
  think about that number for a moment . 
   you invited them , you take care of them . 
  we made it quite clear we do n't want them from the beginning . 
  that 's nice that you made that clear . 
  but somehow that did n't stop at least 200,000 people from requesting asylum in hungary .
