  that 's how we punish eastern europe already . 
  but seriously , greece will punish itself by leaving the eurozone . 
  nobody will follow them . 
  and we do plenty of trade with countries that are not in the euro , no big deal . 
  it does n't matter if greece ca n't afford things because they do n't have euros , or because they do n't have enough drachmas to buy euros . 
  if you are talking trade , the eu is much more important than the euro . 
  have you ever been on an expensive vacation and the hotel did n't look like the pictures in the catalogue ? 
  it 's basically the same . 
  they paid for their ticket to europe with literally months of their income . 
  and europe does n't give them what they were promised by the smugglers . 
  maybe we should offer them half their money back and pay for a flight back home . 
  i know a vietnamese guy who runs a small fruit and vegetable shop . 
  he also leases a new mercedes every 3 years . 
  he literally works 14 hours a day , 6 days a week and 52 weeks a year . 
  every two or three years he closes his shop for a week or two , to visit his parents in vietnam . 
  of course he can afford a mercedes , he does n't do anything else besides standing in his shop . 
  can confirm . 
  plenty come because of lies and unrealistic promises . 
  until they left to avoid deportation , i was living next to a family from kosovo . 
  some distant relative who was in germany told them that they can just claim asylum and germany will accept . 
  they would receive a free apartment in a nice city , they would get a ton of money , they would start to work immediately . 
  and if you work hard , you will soon be able to afford a nice bmw . 
  free education for your children . 
  basically paradise . 
  then that distant relative wanted some money to refer the family to a people smuggler who offered to bring them to germany undetected . 
  they somehow were able to get a couple thousand euro , and then they came to germany . 
  they spent their first 3 months in a center for asylum seekers in the middle of bum fuck , saxony . 
  they shared a sleeping hall with something like 50 people . 
  after these 3 months they received their fancy apartment , it was even furnished . 
  i live in the same type , soviet style apartment block , but a whopping 110 square meters . 
  it 's cheap for its size and great for a family of three , okay for five . 
  but they were 12 people , and i ca n't even imagine how that many people can live in such an apartment . 
  they spend most of the `` ton of money '' on food , clothes , bus tickets and so on . 
  of course nobody was allowed to work until their case was decided . 
  and because there are too many asylum seekers and too few spaces , not decided cases do n't receive language and integration lessons . 
  so the children were not able to go to school . 
  a couple months later they received their final rejection . 
  `` you have 30 days to leave germany voluntarily . 
  if you do n't leave , you will be deported forcefully , and you will not be able to enter the schengen area for 5 years . '', 
  tragic story . 
  they gave the smuggler more money than they could save in that year they were here . 
  not sure if the washing machine they stole from the apartment makes a difference . 
   there is just no the political will to do it imo . 
  because eu refugee centers outside of the eu come with a couple implications . 
  they require a quota system to distribute the people who receive protection . 
  there is a good chance that they increase the number of applicants because it 's safer than crossing the med . 
  sea . 
  and to stay within the bounds of the un convention you have to house a ton of european workers in libya . 
  language and cultural experts that help determine the country of origin of an asylum seeker . 
  and judges that decide these asylum cases . 
  i doubt that they are very fond of the idea to live in libya for 6 months . 
  and you obviously need things like police , military ( we are talking civil war ) , healthcare professionals . 
  infrastructure experts . 
  refugee center are n't small offices . 
  they are massive structures that require a ton of staff . 
  people that are not in the military . 
  good luck convincing nurses , judges and lawyers to go to libya just because we do n't want to decide asylum cases in europe . 
  being bankrupt and having nuclear weapons is a great combination . 
  there are a couple countries in the world that would love to get some parts of the russian nuclear arsenal . 
   america also is n't afraid to deport illegal immigrants . 
  the eu is n't afraid either , but plenty of them have reason for protection , so the eu ca n't deport them . 
  the majority of the illegal immigrants in the us is from mexico . 
  mexico is a safe country and mexican citizens do n't receive asylum . 
  of course the us can deport them without hesitation . 
  if the majority of the illegal immigrants in the us would be from syria and eritrea that would change . 
  because now these illegal immigrants have magically turned into asylum seekers who might have a case . 
   we had almost 100,000 people come through texas for perspective : that 's half the number of asylum request the eu received in 2006 , which was the year with the lowest number of asylum requests since the 90 's . 
  in 2014 the eu-28 and efta members received 625,920 asylum applications . 
  in the same year 357,425 asylum decisions were made . 
  160,070 of those were decided positive , i.e. 
  the applicant received protection and can stay in the host country . 
  if you 're interested , the eu has some statistics about asylum : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics, 
  in which eu country do illegal immigrants receive benefits ? 
   a guil ~ ~ d ~ ~ t ridden education system used to hammer a collective guil ~ ~ d ~ ~ t into eveyone passing school in germany . 
  sounds like you had a bad teacher . 
  not once in my 12 years of school did anyone hammer guilt into me . 
  i was taught that this shit can happen again and that we have to be alert , because it does n't take much to turn a democracy into a dictatorship . 
  i was taught that it 's the obligation of every german to keep germany a free and peaceful society . 
  and i was taught that war must only be used as a matter of last resort , to stop aggressions against freedom and peace . 
  that 's what was hammered into me . 
  no regrets . 
   because it makes you able to fight for and improve your homeland without fearing for the lives of those who depend on you . 
  but i do n't want to fight , and i 'm not able to fight . 
  i 'm a software developer , not a soldier . 
   if i had to choose between sheltering a couple with two children , or 4 single males , i would shelter the family . 
  and if you had space for 8 people ? 
   how about anywhere but here ? 
  that 's the nice thing about `` anywhere but here '' . 
  for me `` anywhere but here '' includes the uk . 
   who cares about their human rights ? 
  europe does . 
  as long as it 's convenient to call out human rights violations , europe usually does exactly that . 
  see : collateral damage in us lead wars , depleted uranium ammunition , guantanamo ... and ... illegal immigrants who die at us-mexican border . 
   i do n't know what that 's even supposed to mean . 
  they have done something illegal read the un refugee convention . 
  you ca n't hold illegal entry against someone if they believe they are a legitimate refugee . 
   as soon as they receive first monthly stipend of 790pln ( = ~ 190 eur at current exchange rate ) , they 'll be on the bus to berlin or ferry to stockholm anyway ... and they will return once they realize that they do n't qualify for benefits outside of poland . 
   anyone who gets caught is just sent away to cambodia/french guiana . 
  why not to the czech republic ? 
  remember when everything was about to end at the beginning of june ?
