  ways shall be found to involve programme beneficiaries in the management of relief aid . 
  relief aid must strive to reduce future vulnerabilities to disaster as well as meeting basic needs . 
  we hold ourselves accountable to both those we seek to assist and those from whom we accept resources . 
  in our information , publicity and advertizing activities , we shall recognize disaster victims as dignified human beings , not hopeless objects . 
  yeah , fortunately there are some rules if you join relief agencies . 
  because we want to make sure that the firefighter or red cross worker that should save my life does n't say `` my personal belief does n't allow me to help you '' . 
  even more interesting is that she basically repeats the french ~ ~ defense ~ ~ foreign minister . 
  on friday the french ~ ~ defense ~ ~ foreign minister caused some confusion because he said something that could be interpreted as fighting together with assad 's troops . 
  the french ministry then clarified that he meant syrian troops after a credible political transition that does n't involve assad . 
  and the german defense minister did the exact same thing . 
  on sunday she said something that could be interpreted as fighting with assad 's troops . 
  later she clarified as well . 
  they are volunteers in an organization whose head organization had the original motto * `` inter arma caritas '' * ; * `` during war , charity '' * . 
  one of the core principles of the red cross is that aid is provided regardless of nationality , ethnicity , religion , ideology or political opinions . 
  and providing aid during mass refugee flights is one of the core responsibilities for the red cross . 
   it is my most firm opinion that open source software should be treated and taken care of as public infrastructure . 
  so a few showcase projects get funding and the rest is neglected until it 's broken beyond repair ? 
  more seriously , there is no need to add even more politics to it . 
  i do n't want that the european commissioner for digital economy and society has a say in software questions . 
  and that 's what will happen if the eu starts to treat openssl and the like as public infrastructure . 
  and most likely china will also run them . 
  and since china is not a generous patron who does n't care about money , they will probably request tax discounts for these projects too . 
  oh , and you have to buy chinese equipment to get `` preferential treatment '' , which translates to `` we will only build it if you buy chinese , but we ca n't say it because eu '' . 
  so instead of buying locomotive , trains and rolling stock from a european company like polish newag , they have to buy in china . 
  we all know what would happen if the us would stay out of that . 
  `` why is the us keeping silent ? 
  do they want to hide the wrongdoing of their biggest ally in the region ? '', 
   it 's a shame that the eu is not investing in such infrastructure and we have to rely on foreign countries like china to build them . 
  what ? 
  the eu invests plenty of money into eu transport infrastructure . 
  but the eu primarily invests in projects that are important for intra-eu transport . 
  like the railroad that will one day connect amsterdam or brussels with tallinn . 
  like all countries , the eu is okay with turning a blind eye if it 's beneficial . 
  we either make a deal with turkey , or we have to live with the massive refugee streams from turkey to the eu . 
  because the eu ca n't stop them . 
   i hope what you say is true , but i 'm for example currently not seeing germany deporting the refugees back to austria or other neighbouring countries even though we have the dublin laws for that . 
  in october 2015 the federal agency for migration and refugees requested 2160 dublin relocation requests . 
  1577 of them with a hit in the eu asylum seeker database and 583 without . 
  in 2015 the agency requested a total of 37,800 dublin relocations from other countries . 
  just because the media is n't that interested in dublin relocations does n't mean they do n't happen . 
  the problem with the dublin regulations is that a country can only request a relocation . 
  we ca n't just dump refugees on austria . 
  instead germany has to file a dublin relocation request and it has to prove that austria is responsible for the asylum seeker . 
  if austria has n't registered the asylum seeker in the eu asylum database you need evidence that shows their way through austria . 
  which is easy if you check an asylum seeker on the austrian-german border . 
  but outside of the direct border area you have to find evidence like train tickets or receipts . 
  asylum seekers know that they will be relocated if they say through which country they came , so they do n't do that . 
  and without a database entry or actual evidence , austria will just reject the relocation request . 
   can someone explain me why it is hard to have strong borders ourselves ? 
  because europe believes in human rights . 
  let 's assume greece sends out the coast guard to stop the boat of asylum seekers . 
  the asylum seekers then sink their boat . 
  and now what ? 
  you either watch them drown and betray everything europe stands for , or you rescue them . 
  once they are rescued they are the problem of greece , because turkey does n't take them back . 
  strong borders become very very expensive without a policy that allows you to return people who make it through . 
  and in the case of sea borders they become very deadly . 
  the us-mexican fence works because they have such a return policy . 
  for the us , mexico is a safe third country . 
  so you do n't have a right to asylum in the usa if you entered the country via mexico . 
  so the us border police can and will return every single person that makes it through the fence to mexico . 
  and in most cases they will return them the very next morning . 
  if the us would grant 45 % ( eu28 acceptance rate in q2/2015 ) of the people that make it through their fence asylum , the fence in its current form would stop to work . 
  they would have to guard every meter fence 24/7 . 
  because just setting foot on us soil would be enough for asylum , which is more than illegals have today . 
  edit : to clarify . 
  with `` europe believes in human rights '' i wanted to say that we do n't want to let people drown while we try to stop them entering the eu . 
  but the arab spring . 
  the beacon of hope for the whole region . 
  democracy !, 
   does anyone realise how many countries he had to traversed , guarded borders too . 
  the guards are busy looking in the other direction . 
  because from that direction thousands of people want to enter illegally each and every day . 
  contrary to popular believe only very few borders consist of constantly monitored fences . 
  the eu agrees to resettle a number of refugees in a legal , orderly and predictable fashion . 
  and turkey takes back every person that enters the eu illegally via turkey . 
  because finding solutions is a really bad idea . 
  we should continue the current course and hope that the asylum seekers choose another country . 
  it will not stop the refugee influx to germany . 
  and we have resettled 38,500 syrian refugees from refugee camps in 2013 already . 
   well , they are expected to live in same german cities in the future . 
  though they are not expected to share the dining room . 
  like they have to do while staying in refugee centers . 
   i get cranky if i do n't like the food as well . 
  i 'll even bitch and moan about it . 
  yeah . 
  and then i come and say `` do n't be so cranky you spoiled son of a bitch . 
  you should be thankful that this great country hosts us '' . 
  then you say `` shut up you fucking asshole '' . 
  then your friend says `` do as he says , or you 'll regret it '' while showing me his fist . 
  then i scream `` are you talking to me ? '', 
  then you take a big swing and punch me in the face . 
  suddenly some of my friends jump on you and your friends . 
  and you have your mass brawl . 
  you do n't press a button and start a riot . 
   countries have been able to close their sea borders for centuries and now we ca n't ? 
  because back then they were okay with killing people . 
  today we value things like human rights . 
   simply detain all those who cross onto soil , examije and reject the asylum and if they ca n't go back to home countries put them in prison . 
  greece does n't have the capacities to `` simply detain '' all of them .
