  source is polizeiliche kriminalstatistik 2014, 
  and millions of syrians will apply for asylum through these legal channels . 
  and before that they worked illegally . 
   we 'll take in , say , 200,000 of their refugees , in return they will accept syrians and other people from the region who crossed illegally into europe . 
  ( + offer them some financial incentives ) that 's actually a reasonable idea . 
  has any country proposed something like this ? 
   if the schengenzone controlled its external borders , they would be largely in the same position as the uk . 
  it comes down to political will . 
  it comes down to geography . 
  what happens when the uk coast guard finds a dinghy with refugees in the channel ? 
  they bring it back to france . 
  what happens when the italian coast guard finds a dinghy with refugees in the med sea ? 
  they bring it to italy , because it would violate the un refugee convention to bring it back to libya . 
  you have to realize that `` accepting refugees '' is meaningless . 
  they appear on greek soil . 
  so what should greece do ? 
  ignore them ? 
  just pretend they are n't there ? 
  the children will be brought once the man has received asylum . 
  \\* yawn \\* http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l33118, 
  they appear on european soil . 
  they wo n't disappear if you say `` we wo n't accept you '' . 
  if you do n't want to keep them in europe you have to deport them . 
  why is no one willing to do this ? 
  everyone says `` do n't accept them '' , but nobody seems willing to bring them back . 
  correct title : `` german municipality terminates renting contracts with people living in old subsidized housing projects '', 
  so in that case deport does not mean `` send them back to libya '' ? 
  anyway , which country would be willing to accept these refugees ? 
  peace keeping ? 
  there was no peace to keep . 
  peace keeping only works if the involved factions are genuinely interested in peace . 
  we would have needed an invasion to disarm everyone . 
  and then we would stay there . 
  for decades . 
  otherwise we will just create another isis . 
  as i said , the uk wo n't deport anyone . 
  they will say that this is the solution , but they wo n't do it , because they do n't have to . 
  meanwhile , the royal navy continues to bring refugees to italy . 
  because the uk government knows what happens if they bring them back to libya . 
  but they ca n't tell the electorate . 
  they take people that originated in indonesia ( a safe country ) back to indonesia . 
  when they do n't know where they came from they are brought to papua new guinea . 
  unfortunately libya is not a safe country . 
  so if you bring people back there you are violating international treaties . 
  and i do n't see an island that wants to play papua new guinea for europe . 
  that 's not what the uk is doing . 
  the uk is n't deporting anyone . 
  and the netherlands wo n't deport anyone either . 
  because the people in charge know that this violates a couple international treaties . 
  it does ? 
  in my country when a party achieves 60 % of the votes they are considered the ruling party . 
  are you persecuted in your home country ? 
  or do you risk death ( by civil war for example ) if you stay in your country ? 
  yes ? 
  then you might be eligible for asylum in europe . 
  i will be happy to clap when you arrive . 
  a few minutes . 
  censorship !, 
  agenda pushing !, 
  or : one thread is enough : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k2nxx/germany_can_cope_with_500000_asylumseekers_a_year/ ? 
   it would be nice if it was possible , and it certainly was possible 70 years ago , when the world was `` bigger '' , when it was n't so easy to travel between continents , when population was lower and when all the treaties about refugees were made . 
  the un refugee convention was made for world war iii . 
  does n't matter what specific task troops perform . 
  every part is necessary . 
  the czech military may have protected schools , but this task freed the us troops from protecting that school . 
  which then allowed the us to raid houses in search for insurgents . 
  was the czech military in iraq ? 
  was the czech military in afghanistan ? 
  yes ? 
  congratulations , the czech republic contributed to the destabilization of the middle east . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  almost all european countries did participate in at least one of the three campaigns klaus mentions . 
  some were more involved , some were less involved . 
  but as soon as you send troops , you ca n't take the moral high-ground anymore . 
  but economic migrants take their selfie sticks ? 
  the un disagrees . 
  if they are poor they are economic migrants , not real refugees . 
  and if they are not poor they are somehow not real refugees either . 
  it 's a great logic . 
  do n't have to grant asylum for anyone . 
  not even article 5 , which was invoked for afghanistan requires a country to go to war . 
  in iraq they were totally voluntarily . 
  france and germany for example did not participate in the mnf -- iraq . 
  the czech republic wanted to participate in these missions . 
  and so they were part of the missions that destabilized the region . 
  and now they have to live with that . 
  list of countries in the multi-national force -- iraq : - ... - czech republic - ... -- list of countries participating in the international security assistance force ( that 's afghanistan ) - ... - czech republic - ... 
  probably forced by evil western europe . 
  selfie sticks are never appropriate . 
  deport deport, 
  yeah . 
  when i 'm at a demonstration and i am very angry , i lay my sign on the ground as well . 
  then i step back a couple of meters and then i pose for the camera . 
  i assume the photographer did n't have enough money with him to make them hold that sign ? 
  `` say cheese and wink into the camera '' was probably free . 
  if uk wants to be part of the area that provides free movement of goods , they have to be part of the area that provides free movement of persons as well . 
  uk wo n't get access to the single market without agreeing on freedom of movement for eea citizens . 
  the risk that other countries will leave the eu just to join a eea-lite without freedom of movement of persons is too big . 
  yeah . 
  it has all to do with the muslims that wo n't get to the uk anyway , because of all the opt-outs .
