  unfortunately most employers are not able to hand out money like that . 
  so countries that want workers from other eu countries could incentivise movement if they hand out interest free loans to people with job offers . 
  the loan can be used for language courses , a train or plane ticket , and a month of rent . 
  yes , this obviously can and will be abused . 
  but if you use smart policies to decide who is eligible the problem could turn out reasonable well . 
   it will be cheaper than the current social and monetary costs associated with the recent migrants germany paid around 20 billion euro for the `` recent migrants '' . 
  let 's be generous and add another 10 billion for all those `` social costs '' . 
  so we have 30 billion euro per year to spend on the `` motherhood as a job '' program . 
  around 13 million minors are currently living in germany . 
  fertility rate is 1.43 so we have around 9 million mothers . 
  with a total budget of 30 billion euro that makes 2300 $ per year and mother to spend on the job motherhood . 
  that 's not even a good paying job in romania . 
   the voters knew that it could mean tearing up all eea association ( bilateral treaties ) via the guillotine clause . 
  how sure are you about that ? 
  that 's why we should replace all animals with grizzly bears . 
   and we have an abundance of very cheap alternative ? 
  in transport fuel ? 
  eesti can into opec . 
   i think we should push underground cables . 
  it will require a higher upfront investment , but it will be a good investment in the future . 
  how will that be a good investment in the future ? 
  they cost 4 times ( flat field ) to 16 times ( forests , swamps , etc. ), 
  as much and are ecologically much worse than power lines on masts . 
  it 's an investment in the views of homeowners , nothing else . 
  and even many of them wo n't be pleased . 
  many people believe such power lines are invisible . 
  [ they are n't . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t5y58zy.jpg ) when high voltage underground cables are build they dig up a 20 meter wide strip from start to end of the power line . 
  on each side of that strip they need another 10 meters for an access road and to temporarily put the soil they dig up from the center strip . 
  every 500 to 750 meters you 'll have a small building ( think of a small one car garage ) where the cables are joined . 
  on the 20 meter wide strip where the power cables run , nothing higher than small brush is allowed to grow . 
  the roots of larger plants would damage the power lines . 
  the power lines can heat up to 50 \u00b0 c , which will dry out the soil around them . 
  which changes the flora and fauna on and around the path of the power lines . 
  spending more than necessary on the same infrastructure project is n't good for the economy . 
  and cutting permanently through ecosystems with 20 meter wide strips that emit heat and change their surrounding is n't good for the environment . 
  for example the `` gravity power '' project in bavaria . 
  they dig a hole , then they put a concrete cylinder in that hole . 
  then they want to lift the cylinder with water . 
  it 's basically pumped-storage hydropower , but it uses the weight of concrete instead of height to pressurise water , so it can be build in a lot of places . 
  http://www.gravitypower.net/megawatt-demo-plant-under-construction/ ( including a german video with english subtitles ) the one they are currently building wo n't be able to store a lot of energy , but if they manage to figure out how to seal the concrete cylinder they 'll be able to build bigger ones . 
  if you take this to the extreme you 'll end with something like this : http://eduard-heindl.de/energy-storage/energiespeicher-erneuerbare.html if you cut a 1000 meter high and 1000 meter wide cylinder into granite , and use water to lift it by 500 meters , you can store the electric energy germany uses in one day . 
  sounds crazy , but according to the author , we already have the technology to do that . 
  to get a fair comparison to the us . 
  minimum wage in massachusetts is $ 11 per hour and $ 5.15 in wyoming . 
  not comparable to the difference between france and romania , but still large . 
   i mean we 're comparing high standard of living and low standard of livong states . 
  as in many of the eu statistics the eu-28 result is just the average of the results from the 28 members . 
  if we compared across members the statistics would probably look worse . 
  the eu number is rather useless . 
  because it 's just the average of all national values . 
  they did n't compare the top 20 % of the eu citizens to the bottom 20 % of eu citizens . 
  they compared top 20 % and bottom 20 % in each eu member and then averaged the result . 
  which means the statistics makes the eu look better than the us . 
  in the us they compared the top 20 % us citizens to the bottom 20 % us citizens , regardless of their state of residency . 
  in the eu they compared people in germany and people in romania in two statistics and then averaged the results . 
  last year when the s80/s20 income quintile was at 5.2 ( current eu-28 average ) in the usa was in 1974 . 
  nowadays the us is at 8.7 ( 2014 , oecd ) . 
  which means in 2014 the top 20 % of us had an income of 8.7 times the income of the bottom 20 % . 
  for comparison , that 's a bit lower than serbia ( 9.0 ) and equal to turkey . 
  and a bit higher than romania ( 8.3 ) edit : keep in mind that the us result compares the top 20 % us citizens to the bottom 20 % us citizens . 
  the eu number is just the average of all the national numbers . 
  we might be worse than the us if the s80/s20 comparison would compare the top 20 % eu citizens to the bottom 20 % eu citizens , regardless of their residency . 
  -- https://data.oecd.org/inequality/income-inequality.htm ( switch ` perspectives ' to ` interdecile s80/s20 ' ) http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/4187653/7864525/inequalityincome2015.jpg, 
  there 's a good reason why these parties tend do be camera-shy and why they often have strict rules about who is allowed to speak to the press . 
  if you let representatives and supporters of these parties go off-script they start spouting very very questionable things . 
   indeed , all these crimes could have exposed and made known much sooner ; everyone in freital knew what the neo-nazis were up to . 
  ** only the police claim that they did not see or hear of any attacks . 
  **   ** yet the police station is just across the street from the `` aral '' gas station , the headquarters of timo s. and his gang . 
  ** when a refugee helper went to the police to ask for protection because her mailbox had been blown up , they told her they would never have time to do their work if everyone who felt threatened went to them with their problems . 
  [ ... ]   ** recorded telephone calls suggest that saxon police were aware of the plans and motives of the freital plotters . 
  ** the role of a secret witness who may have been an undercover investigator , however , has not yet been explained . 
  ** all of these clues point to the fact that the police may have known much more about the terror cell . 
  ** saxon police ignores right-extremists ? 
  who would have thought . 
  --  the federal prosecutor 's office deserves credit for the fact the freital group 's crimes are now being processed in a major trial . 
  federal prosecutors took control of the case to prevent saxony 's regional authorities from further disgracing themselves . 
  thank you federal prosecutor , from someone from saxony . 
   the birth rates are pretty stable in the netherlands . 
  pretty stable at a non-replacement level . 
  each women has on average 1.66 children . 
  and that 's with the high fertility of non-european immigrants . 
  to keep population stable you need a fertility rate of around 2.1  in the year 2050 millions of people will die from shortage ( of any kind , but mostly food and water ) . 
  not in europe though . 
  and not having children in europe wo n't help these millions of people outside of europe . 
  but not having children in europe will fuck up the european social systems . 
  if only a tenth of the money that everyone wants to spend elsewhere would actually be spend elsewhere no refugee would want to come to europe . 
  most of the people that complain about money not spend elsewhere would complain if it would be spend elsewhere . 
  it 's just a more subtile version of anti-asylum rhetoric . 
  it 's like the brits that suddenly care about the brain-drain in eastern europe . 
  when germany was divided we had `` geh doch nach dr\u00fcben '' , roughly translated `` go over there '' , meaning `` move to the other germany '' . 
  ironically it was used on both sides of the german-german border if you dared to criticise the country . 
  please do . 
  please block everything without even looking at it . 
  it 's the only way how we can get multispeed eu . 
  the other countries have to realise that with members like pis-poland the only way forward is to cooperate without the blockers . 
  then realises that he was n't even close to being president when the 2016 budget decisions were made . 
  then he botched the landing . 
  because for some reason he jumped when he said jump . 
  sad .
