  and in rhineland-palatinate the cdu gained 19,028 votes , with a relative change of -3.4 percentage points . 
  this is for you : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ajqoz/the_european_commission_wants_you_to_say_whether/d114iyp, 
  the apple vs. fbi thing is not about data on servers though . 
  it 's about data on the device . 
  and not only that , it 's about manipulating the software on the device so the fbi can access that data . 
  china does n't have such software . 
  and i 'm pretty sure apple wo n't provide it for them . 
  the fbi already has the relevant data from apple 's servers . 
  as every other service provider apple hands over data they have about someone if a judge requests it . 
  and if that data is encrypted and the provider ca n't decrypt it , the authorities will just get the encrypted data . 
  it 's the same in the uk and everywhere else . 
  even today uk police can access data on servers . 
  get a warrant and you 'll get it . 
  but that 's not enough for the uk government . 
  they want to force service providers and hardware manufacturers to provide ways to bypass encryption . 
  they want ways to get into devices that do n't sync data to servers at all . 
  and they want to have all that without involving courts . 
  the bbc for example . 
  [ germany passes japan to have world 's lowest birth rate - study ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962 ) and plenty of other people who tried to find a reason for merkels reaction to the refugee crisis . 
  so germany with the lowest fertility rate in the world , has a higher fertility rate than greece , spain , croatia , italy , cyprus , hungary , malta , poland , portugal , slovakia and serbia ? 
  or do the math . 
  - whole eu economy baseline : 100 currency units - irish contribution to that : 1.3 currency units - german contribution : 20.6 currency units - italian contribution : 11.2 currency units eu economy grew 2 % to 102 currency units . 
  somebody had to create 2 additional currency units . 
  if it would be solely because of ireland , their economy had to grow by 154 % . 
  if it would be solely because of germany , their economy had to grow by 10 % if it would be solely because of italy , their economy had to grow by 18 % what 's more realistic ? 
  yes very funny . 
  you know what the two major accidents in nuclear history have in common ? 
  both were downplayed until it was no longer possible to downplay . 
  but continue to keep the uneducated public uninformed . 
  that will totally help the image of nuclear energy . 
  february 2011 : nuclear energy is safe . 
  we are n't stupid soviets . 
  april 2011 : nuclear energy is safe . 
  we are n't stupid soviets and do n't have tsunamis . 
  some day in the future : nuclear energy is safe . 
  we are n't stupid soviets , do n't have tsunamis and the thing that caused the newest major accident wo n't happen to us . 
   also again the root cause is a practically open invitation from merkel that is not taken back even today . 
  so greece did n't have a problem with refugees before late august 2015 , when merkel `` invited '' everyone ? 
  you mean smart states . 
  visa free travel means tourists and business . 
  it 's not a pride thing . 
  you grant visa-free access to countries whose citizens have a low risk of overstaying and a low risk of engaging in crimes in your country . 
  since german embassies in countries that have the us-dollar as official currency issue passports . 
  they should leave right now . 
  it 's already very dangerous in the west . 
  sweden is part of the schengen zone , they are not allowed to have systematic border checks . 
  you should blame slovenia and hungary , because these are the countries that let these people enter the schengen area . 
  maybe bombing hospitals was part of the russian mission . 
  mission accomplished . 
  bombing hospitals was not part of the us mission . 
  utter failure . 
   silly laws ( like the curvature of a cucumber ) always a great example . 
  for people and politicians who barely know what they are talking about . 
  did you knew that the eu got rid of that horrible horrible regulation , but it is still widely used by private entities in the eu as a reference for internal standardization ? 
  when was the last time you bought a cucumber in a supermarket that did n't meet `` grade extra '' as it was defined by the eu ? 
  oh , and the rules were created by the un economic commission for europe . 
  the eu just turned them into a regulation . 
  the unece still has them . 
  yes . 
  i 'm sure it will take less than 1000 years and the last german whose ancestors could get a greater aryan certificate ( true german blood down to 1800 ) has died . 
  germans of the current definition wo n't die out from natural causes . 
  but who cares . 
  nothing of that has to do with natural selection . 
  we do n't let sick people die anymore , so there is no more natural selection . 
  humans will never develop immunity against infections , because nowadays people survive infections . 
  because in non-dictator ` ish countries parties that could gather 11 % ( federal election forecast ) of the votes have any say ? 
  merkel has magic powers . 
  she caused the refugee crisis by making a statement in late august 2015 . 
  no we do n't . 
  natural selection ? 
  seriously ? 
  medicine is what makes natural selection irrelevant , not low birth rates . 
  this is exactly how democracy works !, 
  you want to change a policy ? 
  i skimmed over the party program from afd saxony-anhalt , and there 's plenty of ideas in it . 
  how do you send photos and videos ? 
  if i were a torero i would ask google for help . 
  they own boston dynamics . 
  boston dynamics created [ bigdog ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bigdog ) . 
  if you add horns to bigdog it pretty much looks like a bull . 
  and google likes to create things that defeat humans ( see : go ) . 
  and the vegetarian cyclists of the animal protection groups ca n't say anything against it . 
  though groups that are against the violation of asimov 's laws might become a problem sooner or later . 
  i for one would watch the match torero against boston dynamics bigbull . 
  it 's also much manlier because the chance of getting killed is higher . 
  people also love to reveal positions of the police on twitter and instagram . 
  blackouts of news and social media make some sense in such a situation . 
  in western europe , police begs people to not do that . 
  for now . 
  a couple more terror attacks where social media reveals critical information and i would n't rule out some state of emergency legislation that blocks social media in eu countries . 
  the uk could have proposed their suggestions . 
  then they could have find people who support their ideas . 
  with these people they could have worked on a compromise to convince people who were n't in favor of the changes beforehand . 
  and once the proposal has a large majority in the eu institutions , it could be implemented . 
  like you do in a democratic organization . 
  you probably missed the article where obama called france and the uk free riders because they dragged the us into a military action in libya , did n't ( or could n't ) take the lead , and had to rely on us logistics and us supplies . 
  [ the new york times : obama criticizes the ` free riders ' among america 's allies ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/10/world/middleeast/obama-criticizes-the-free-riders-among-americas-allies.html ), 
  map of the election results for `` die linke '' in the 2009 federal elections : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/61/bundestag_2009_linke.svg, 
  the npd . 
  who literally have `` reunification of germany '' in their party program .
