  because poles only riot on their independence day ? 
  but would poland have closed the border to stop the many riot tourists from coming ? 
  it 's a shame that you selectively pick photos to reinforce your opinion . 
  http://www.abc.net.au/news/2010-11-08/police-clash-with-g20-protesters/2327788 http://www.iol.co.za/news/world/angry-rioters-try-to-disrupt-g20-summit-746390 i doubt that there ever was a g20 meeting without violent protests . 
  redditor for 1 minute are you bored or something ? 
  it 's the fault of the deep state !, 
  this would have never happened if the president could choose his entourage . 
  it 's just one guy . 
  all new accounts, 
  redditor for 1 minute, 
  i believe we even invented using water cannons for crowd control . 
  first used to control protests during the premiere of the movie ` all quiet on the western front ' in 1930 . 
  me too . 
  after all a few days ago he left airforce one and could n't find the presidential limousine that was standing right in front of the gangway . 
   paris is often considered the most beautiful city in the world [ ... ] yet should their unesco status be removed because of this monster or because of la defense ? 
  paris as a whole does n't have world heritage status . 
  only the banks of the seine have that status , and they only received that status in 1991 . 
  and if paris starts to build a high rise next to the eiffel tower or on the place de la concorde they 'll very likely lose that status . 
   i do n't necessarily see high rise buildings being a problem as they make sense from an economical and environmental perspective and they can actually look quite good in old cities if planned well . 
  unesco does n't necessarily see them as problem either . 
  they become a problem if they change the cultural heritage site too much . 
  again , the sole point of the world heritage designation is to convince governments to conserve and protect the cultural heritage sites for future generations . 
  if not even the construction of high rises threaten the designation it is pretty useless . 
  such sites obviously wo n't be bulldozed just for fun . 
  it 's always done because it makes sense from some perspective . 
  in most cases it 's economic interest . 
  they ca n't complain . 
  v4 already said that they prefer flexible solidarity over solidarity . 
   it 's just threats though . 
  vienna is too much of a marvel to lose it 's status . 
  that 's what they said about dresden too . 
  if unesco does n't act tough the label loses value . 
  the point of the label is not to promote the city , but to protect it from changes that would destroy the protected landscape . 
  looks like reuters fall victim to careless use of words like `` took in '' . 
  japan granted refugee status to 28 . 
  the rest of the 10,000 that requested asylum in japan is still there , just not recognized as refugee . 
  since many of them are from indonesia , many can actually be send back . 
  unlike in europe , where the asylum seekers generally come from countries that refuse to cooperate . 
  from the article :  `` the refugee system here is so tough , '' said suleyman yucel , 32 , a kurdish asylum seeker from turkey whose third bid for refugee status was rejected in april . 
  ** like many asylum seekers , yucel is banned from working and lives under severe restrictions on movement . 
  ** why ban them from working if they are n't in the country ? 
  i 'm always amazed by the magic powers people associate to trade agreements . 
  i would take that bet . 
  video games already have 0 % duties . 
  example for dvds with content on it , which is the official customs classification for video games on dvds : http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/dds2/taric/measures.jsp?area=jp&amp;taric=8523491000, 
  duties on beef are 12.80 % of its declared value plus 176.80 $ per 100kg . 
  do the math yourself . 
  in that case we already have a japan-like system . 
  japan signed the un refugee convention as well , so they would be bound to the same rules as europe . 
  they also get refugees , 10000 applications in 2016 . 
  japan would also have the exact same problems with sending people back to their home countries . 
  it 's not their immigration policy that leads to japan just getting a few thousand refugees per year . 
  it 's their geographic position . 
  if japan would be in the mediterranean sea they could n't keep their immigration policies for long . 
  the few official apple partners receive parts from apple . 
  everyone else uses 100 % fake `` original apple '' parts . 
  the problem is that importing stuff is a rather complicated subject from the bureaucratic perspective . 
  many people call the money you pay at the customs office `` import taxes '' . 
  but that amount consists of both tariff and import vat . 
  while free trade agreements get rid of tariffs they naturally do n't touch import vat . 
  in germany if you import goods worth less than 150 $ you do n't pay tariffs at all . 
  there 's also a ton of products that do n't have duties at all . 
  but people seem to believe that importing their favorite things will become so much cheaper with that new trade agreement . 
  regardless of the actual situation . 
  in one of the last threads about japan-eu trade deal someone said that they love cheaper game console . 
  but game consoles already have 0 % duty , regardless of the country of origin . 
  so the price wo n't change at all . 
  when you import something you pay tariffs and import value added tax . 
  the 21 % are for belgium , because belgium has a 21 % standard vat rate . 
  let 's say you import shirts worth 1000 $ from china . 
  they have a duty of 12 % and you import them to belgium , which has a 21 % vat rate . 
  the shirts are worth 1000 $ , so the 12 % duty becomes 120 $ tariff . 
  now you have to pay import vat on the value of the goods and the paid tariff . 
  with a 21 % rate that makes 235.20 $ vat . 
  so you are paying 355.20 $ to belgian customs authority . 
  when you buy a good that does n't have duties assigned you would still pay import vat . 
  so for a 1000 $ computer from china you will pay the belgian government 210 $ . 
  that import tax is actually the import value added tax . 
  some countries call tariffs `` import tax '' , so that distinction is important . 
  the import value added tax is the equivalent of the local value added tax , its rate differs by country . 
  when you buy a computer in belgium you indirectly ( the seller sends the money to the tax authorities ) pay 21 % value added tax too . 
  since belgium ca n't collect value added tax from the foreign seller the belgian tax authority charges the importer . 
   they 're also known as tariffs . 
  wrong . 
  tariffs and import value added tax are two different things . 
  while a free trade agreement might get rid of tariffs , import value added tax will still be collected . 
   the 21 % ( i believe ) import tax is still there as far as i know . 
  that 's correct , because that 's import value added tax . 
  that 's independent from tariffs , but you pay it on the value of the good and the paid tariff . 
  import vat rate is the sane as your local vat rate . 
  you pay import vat for all imports over a certain low threshold , 22 $ in germany if shipped by mail . 
  tariffs are only collected when the value is more than 150 $ . 
  but even without trade agreements there are plenty of goods that do n't have tariffs at all regardless of the country of origin . 
  for example if i import 1000 $ computer ( tariff free ) from china i would pay a total 1190 $ . 
  1000 $ to the chinese manufacturer and 19 % import vat to the customs office . 
  if i import a 1000 $ shirt from china i would pay 1332.80 $ . 
  12 % tariff and on top of that 19 % import vat . 
  even more if you bring a dog . 
  and 99.9 % of europeans would buy the standard version . 
  people already complain a lot because they currently have to pay more for things in the eu compared to the us .
