  by then the photo had been downloaded 6 times , 2 of these were by streisand 's lawyers . 
  after news broke about the lawsuit , hundred thousands of people looked at the photo . 
   but everything else ... do you have some examples ? 
  so a presidential candidate of a country that has nuclear weapons only wants to use these weapons as a matter of last resort . 
  but he does n't want to limit the places where he does not want to use these weapons . 
  oh my gawd . 
  how scandalous !, 
  this is bundesrepublik deutschland in the year 2016 . 
  media can publish whatever the fuck they want . 
  imagine how the uk could look like if brussel would n't force them to adapt such nanny state regulations . 
   those things would make a huge impact . 
  those things are also way more complicated than people seem to believe . 
  they use bombs and guns in places that have little security because it 's the easiest way to kill people . 
  just do one wave next week . 
  we 'll promise to invade your magic phantasy land so you can show us how strong you are if the people you want to kill are n't unarmed civilians . 
  the eu has teu article 50 . 
  the netherlands can withdraw from the eu whenever they want . 
   both offers were rejected because we did n't have the requisite mandate . 
  that right here is one of the main problems with the eu . 
  we create tame agencies like frontex and europol who ca n't do jackshit because their only mandate is to coordinate . 
  because everything else would harm our member states sovereignty . 
  and then we complain that '' * the eu * '' ( i.e. 
  frontex and europol ) does n't protect us . 
  guess what . 
  if you do n't have law enforcement capabilities you ca n't enforce the law . 
   while the austria 's and germany 's tobacco tax is indeed among the lowest in the eu , the pack of cigarettes there still costs there around $ 5 , whereas it 's $ 3 in lithuania . 
  minimum wage in lithuania is 2.13 $ per hour . 
  in germany it 's 8.50 $ . 
  let 's ignore taxes for now . 
  a worker that earns minimum wage has to work 85 minutes for a pack of cigarettes in lithuania . 
  in germany he can buy it after 36 minutes . 
   and were the `` suits '' from the start iranian delegates ? 
  these were agents from iranian secret police savak who came to germany together with the shah . 
  they also hired other iranians to cheer for the shah . 
  that incident coined the german word jubelperser , literally `` cheering persian '' for claqueurs , people who are paid to applaud . 
   i am not sure how it 's functionally different from a typical visa/mastercard issued in other european banks the online mode is functionally not much different . 
  but ec is way way cheaper for the merchant . 
  ec is a system that only exists in germany . 
  the cards have a visa electron or maestro part if we are abroad . 
  ec also has an offline mode that is extensively used . 
  for the retailer , that 's the cheapest way of accepting payments . 
  way cheaper than credit cards . 
  since it 's offline it 's also the riskiest one , the terminal just saves bank number , account number and card number . 
  not in front of a train station . 
  a mild version of it . 
  for people who do n't know what happened back then , here 's a scene from the movie * the baader meinhof complex * . 
  according to eye witnesses , it resembles what happened in reality quite well . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfuyzhk5he0 that 's west berlin by the way . 
  extra 3 also made a video about that incident . 
  unfortunately no subtitles . 
  and by `` non regime friendly '' you mean the `` we do n't mourn , we celebrate ! '', 
  [ comment ] ( http://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article146060342/hausdurchsuchung-nach-hass-posting-auf-facebook.html ) above the photo of the dead kid that was washed ashore ? 
  very regime critical indeed . 
  -- btw , the guy who posted that was investigated because of [ section 189 of the german criminal code ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p1703 )  section 189  violating the memory of the dead   whosoever defames the memory of a deceased person shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding two years or a fine . 
  if you think about it , it 's pretty much essential to believe that if you want to vote leave . 
  there 's not much that governments value higher than their economies . 
  and if the uk does n't get a deal that 's better than efta , the government might decide that efta membership is good enough . 
  which includes such pesky things as freedom of movement . 
  as far as i know the government has n't set red lines that wo n't be crossed post-brexit . 
  for example cameron has not stated that the uk wo n't participate in freedom of movement after they leave . 
  and i think there 's a reason for that . 
  if the uk wo n't get a favorable deal , they will join efta , or even create something that is more tied to the eu , to not harm their economy . 
   there seems to be a lot of scare mongering in the tv media . 
  like the 50 most dangerous eu criminals that have moved to uk ? 
  or the sex attacks that will happen if the uk stays in the eu ? 
  during that night the state police offered to send ~ 100 state police officers as reinforcements to cologne . 
  the police president of cologne declined that offer . 
  state police is prepared for situations like that . 
  they have special training in crowd control . 
  they are also trained to arrest people who hide in large groups . 
  they could have easily stopped whatever was happening in front of the main station in cologne . 
  especially since most of the 1000 people that were there , were bystanders who just did n't give a fuck about the crimes that happened in front of them . 
  cologne was the failure of local police . 
  not the fault of the federal government . 
  so did sputnik violate laws ? 
  part of the quality of living ranking is a list that ranks cities by `` personal safety '' . 
  the bild article is based on a 20min article which is based on a business insider article who probably bothered to request the study from mercer . 
  but business insider did n't include russia in the european rankings . 
  in the original [ press release ] ( http://www.mercer.com/newsroom/western-european-cities-top-quality-of-living-ranking-mercer.html ) you can see their ranks . 
  kiev got rank 189 , st. petersburg 197 and moscow only reached rank 206 of all 230 cities . 
  the article is based on the 2016 quality of living rankings by mercer . 
  \\* grabs popcorn \\*, 
   rumours are he is not a fan of the expected demonstrations on his arrival . 
  things were easier when they still had a shah . 
  back then iran would have brought a plane full of jubelperser that would have beaten up the demonstrators . 
  poland knows this game very well . 
  it took three months until szydlo visited germany . 
  fellow nato ally , fellow eu member , most important trading partner and neighbor . 
  not visiting or not accepting visits of politicians from other countries has always been a way to express dissent with the other country . 
  obama probably remembers this [ statement ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21685201-new-law-lets-government-purge-public-broadcaster-polandu2019s-new-government-dislikes ) from the polish foreign minister : `` as if the world , in a marxist fashion , were destined to evolve only in one direction -- towards a new mix of cultures and races , a world of bicyclists and vegetarians . '', 
  so i guess he does n't want to make the pole uncomfortable with his race , culture and his bicycle . 
  obama is a very sensible men after all . 
  do n't forget the polen ( subtitled ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijlaw_sdnrs or the eu refugee policy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmyltjq8sho or orban and seehofer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fssysilmb0 or pegida : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3u38xbdw8k though the average \\ / r/europe user might not enjoy these . 
  his american lawyer would tell him about the importance of fair use in us copyright and the equivalent in german law . 
  but let 's assume he wo n't do that , and he sends the takedown notice . 
  after the dmca takedown notice is received , extra 3 would issue a counter notice , claiming that their video does not violate copyright . 
  and then erdogan has 10 business days to formally sue extra 3 in front of a german court to keep the video down . 
  and in the meantime , media will report that erdogan tries to take the video down . 
  but instead of linking to youtube , they will link to the media library of extra 3 . 
  which is not hosted on a us site , so more dmca takedown notices wo n't do anything .
