  refugees do n't have an unlimited residence permit . 
  his ancestors were huguenots who originated from the town maizi\u00e8res-l\u00e8s-metz . 
  they fled france in the late 17th century to request asylum in prussia . 
   there are tons of young germans , who would kill for an apprenticeship where are they ? 
  i know a few companies in rural saxony that offer apprenticeships for roofers , carpenters , and plumbing and heating installers . 
  they would probably be very happy if we could set them up with maybe 20 of these `` tons of young germans '' . 
  because not every country in europe is an island that can outsource border control to france . 
  for the great return of the extreme right in germany and europe . 
  which , according to \\ / r/europe will happen any day now . 
  considering that 40 % of the asylum requests germany got this year were from people from balkan countries it 's a bit more than a non-story . 
   i imagine the situation could have gotten quite ugly if they showed hesitation to use force when necessary . 
  sure thing . 
  we can clearly see how dangerous and aggressive these 54 people were because they stopped being dangerous and aggressive after only one got shot . 
  because that 's usually how it happens if very dangerous and aggressive criminals outnumber police by 18 to 1 . 
  you kill one and the others just stop . 
  they do n't show any signs of anger . 
  they do n't want to retaliate the death of their accomplice . 
  so you think `` practically everyone '' fights in these civil wars ? 
  here is the full verdict of the constitutional court : english : https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/entscheidungen/ls20120718_1bvl001010en.html german : https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/entscheidungen/ls20120718_1bvl001010.html the three headnotes :  1 . 
  the amount of cash benefits paid according to \u00a7 3 of the asylum seekers benefits act ( asylbewerberleistungsgesetz ) is evidently insufficient because it has not been changed since 1993 . 
  article 1.1 of the basic law ( grundgesetz -- gg ) in conjunction with the principle of the social welfare state in article 20.1 of the basic law ensures a fundamental right to the guarantee of a dignified minimum existence ( see decisions of the federal constitutional court ( entscheidungen des bundesverfassungsgerichts -- bverfge 125,175 ) . 
  article 1.1 of the basic law establishes this right as a human right . 
  it encompasses both the physical existence of a human being as well as the possibility to maintain interpersonal relationships and a minimal degree of participation in social , cultural and political life . 
  german and foreign nationals who reside in the federal republic of germany are both entitled to this fundamental right . 
  if the legislature wishes to consider the particular characteristics of specific groups of individuals when determining the dignified minimum existence , it may not , in defining the details of existential benefits , differentiate across the board in light of the recipients ' residence status . 
  such differentiation is only possible if their need for existential benefits significantly deviates from that of other persons in need , and if this may be substantiated consistently based on the real and actual need of this group specifically , in a procedure that is transparent in terms of its content . 
  east of the iron curtain . 
  it was written somewhere else in the thread . 
  something along the lines of `` crossing borders illegally is dangerous . 
  everyone in eastern europe knows that '' . 
   people are not allowed to cross borders illegally , but if they do , there 's nothing we can do about it . 
  well , instead of killing them you can detain them and deport them . 
  you know , like literally every country in the world does it . 
  since only one got shoot i assume 54 worked up criminals are really dangerous , while 53 worked up criminals can be easily detained . 
  worked up criminals that want to stomp in the faces of police officers do n't stop just because one of their group gets killed . 
  if you think the us border patrol regularly shoots people you are very wrong . 
   yeah , we should n't forget that those people come from regions where everyone practically grows up with an ak-47 . 
  even if they were n't armed they certainly know how to behave in firefights and disarm your opponents . 
  you are watching too much [ tv ] ( https://twitter.com/sandman_leb/status/579021886845243392 ) . 
   and that statistic is per capita , which conveniently ignores that afghanistan four times more population than bulgaria . 
  lol, 
  so more like this :  the detained migrants - aged between 20 and 30 - have been detained , he said makes sense . 
   germany forces it on them how exactly did germany force all but 4 eu members to accept the quota system ? 
  visa-free travel means that they can visit ~ ~ the eu ~ ~ schengen countries for 90 days without a visa . 
  like us-citizens for example . 
   it only constrained normal migration of honest citizens . 
  that was the plan . 
  the restrictions on freedom of movement are there to protect the job market . 
  not to fight crime . 
   meanwhile people from outside eu ( e.g. 
  turkey ) were freely flowing in . 
  `` freely '', 
  germany 's exports make up around 28 % of the extra-eu exports of the eu . 
  looks like there are a couple more beneficiaries . 
  2014 exports of the eu : 1702 billion euro ( source [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_the_largest_trading_partners_of_the_european_union ) ) 2014 extra-eu exports of germany : 476 billion euro ( source [ statista ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/158303/umfrage/deutsche-exporte-und-importe-2010-nach-laendergruppen/ ) ), 
   if people can not chose the country you will automatically remove almost every economical refugee . 
  that will turn it into a lottery game with odds that are in favor of economic migrants . 
  if we go by gdp , 50 % of the lottery tickets will have germany , uk ( let 's ignore the opt-out for a moment ) or france written on them . 
  you need both . 
  a distribution scheme and a harmonized benefit system that does n't rely primarily on cash payments . 
   also the time period is just ridiculous . 
  if you do not meet the requirements you should be deported in the next week or even on the spot . 
  no matter what . 
  i do n't see a realistic way to shorten the processing time without violating the un refugee convention or hiring and training a couple thousand people . 
  and the latter takes years itself . 
  if these immigrants are eu citizens , they will have this very right . 
   anyone wan na bet that it will be germany that will close the borders due to immigrants ? 
  yes please . 
  i bet 1000 euro that germany will not abolish freedom of movement for eu citizens as long as germany is part of the eu . 
  the uk can do the same the next time a country joins the eu . 
  does merkel want to force the uk into the schengen area ? 
  where and when ? 
  if you combine the 6 months stay in the reception center with the cut in direct money payments while people wait in reception centers , you remove one of the biggest pull-factors for economic migrants . 
  once the legislation is implemented you wo n't see facebook photos from balkan asylum seekers that show of the 1000 euro they receive for their 8 person family . 
  also , less competition on the housing market . 
  yes , but in that case you will need a visa and a permit from the federal employment agency . 
  yes and yes . 
  companies will probably prefer `` normal '' migrants because there is less risk involved , and `` normal '' migrants tend to not pick apprenticeships just because they would be bored otherwise . 
  there are plenty of non-refugee migrants who do apprenticeships in germany . 
  for eu citizens it could n't be easier , you do n't need permits or anything . 
  just find a company that wants to train you . 
  ( german language skills will be necessary ), 
  eu citizens enjoy freedom of movement . 
  which includes apprenticeships . 
  if you are n't the dumbest person on the continent and if you do n't care for the trade and the location it is not hard to get an apprenticeship . 
  many germans do n't find an apprenticeship because they do n't want to move to rural saxony to become a roofer or a carpenter . 
  they want to be mechatronic technicians in stuttgart . 
   for that kind of money we could all just band together and pay a few million syrians that amount of money , in syria . 
  does that stop isis , assad 's barrel bombs and the civil war ? 
  syrians do n't get asylum in europe because they earn too little money in syria . 
  yes . 
  as eu citizen you can do apprenticeships in germany . 
  you do n't even need a permit and a waiting period , like asylum seekers do . 
  you could start right now . 
  you have like 15 days left if you want to start this year . 
  as eu citizen you do n't even need all the paperwork and the permits asylum seekers need . 
  it 's even easier for you . 
  you could start your apprenticeship right now . 
   have the police round them up , ship them back , and help turkey better fund the camps and the police needed to keep them there . 
   [ ... ]  europe ca n't solve their problems for them .
