  impose those sanctions on energy trade unilaterally . 
  if eastern europe would stop buying russian gas right now , the economic effect on russia would be higher than preventing a gas pipeline that wo n't come online until the end of 2019 . 
  defacto there is still no road toll for passenger cars . 
  it 's all about reciprocity . 
  the most important part : our judges ca n't be dismissed because they are accused of being communists . 
  the only way for a judge to get dismissed before the end of their tenure is because of breach of duty , dishonourable behaviour , or due to certain criminal convictions , for example to a prison sentence of 12 months or more . 
  except in the cases of criminal convictions , there 'll be a court that decides if the judge should be dismissed . 
   deal with it ( they sure as hell will have to ) . 
  how about we deal with it by kicking them out of the eu if they insist on continuing on this path ? 
  you should stick to `` previous government did the same '' . 
   pis may be critical of the eu , but the last thing they lean towards is russia . 
  that 's the nice thing . 
  to become like russia you do n't have to lean towards russia . 
   i mean , they used the arguments of removing relics of russian influence to pass these judiciary reforms in the first place , for god 's sake !, 
  and in russia the government uses other scapegoats for seizing power . 
  poland was part of it . 
  poland believed that it was a good idea . 
  period . 
  if it was that easy the uk would n't leave the eu . 
  because they would just have disregarded any treaty they do n't like with the justification of `` previous gov was puppet '' . 
  it does n't mention reform of the judicial system . 
  it says court system . 
  reorganization of the court system means that responsibilities are shifted to a different court . 
  the polish government voted in favour of the relocation scheme . 
  do n't do that if you do n't want to be part of a relocation scheme . 
  article 97 is worth a read too . 
  especially since the large purge that will most likely follow once that bill becomes a law is actually the controversial part . 
   ( 1 ) judges shall be independent and subject only to the law . 
    ( 2 ) judges appointed permanently to full-time positions may be involuntarily dismissed , permanently or temporarily suspended , transferred or retired before the expiration of their term of office only by virtue of judicial decision and only for the reasons and in the manner specified by the laws . 
  the legislature may set age limits for the retirement of judges appointed for life . 
  in the event of changes in the structure of courts or in their districts , judges may be transferred to another court or removed from office , provided they retain their full salary . 
  notice how it does n't say `` may be involuntarily dismissed if they are accused of being communists '' . 
  probably paid by soros , merkel and the communists . 
  considering that `` there was no evidence that any of the people on the list had already entered europe '' , it does n't sound like the best idea to share these names . 
  i 'm also not sure why you would need that list ? 
  do you know that many people who you suspect of being is bombers and you want to check if they are on the list ? 
   szyszko has argued that logging is needed to protect the woods against a beetle outbreak that is destroying spruce trees in the forest in northeast poland . 
  how about a compromise . 
  if the logging is only done to protect the forest , ban the sale of wood from that forest . 
  put it in an old mine shaft instead . 
  and george soros of course . 
  that 's the interesting thing about safety regulations . 
  they are all almost all written in blood . 
  because someone did n't account for factor x , y and z when they came up with the previous set of regulations . 
  the blayais nuclear power plant was build to regulations , yet the used regulations did n't stop the [ flooding in 1999 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_blayais_nuclear_power_plant_flood ) which resulted in damages that put the power plant at risk . 
  that incident then lead to fundamental changes in the evaluation of flood risks . 
  and those new evaluations did n't prevent fukishima . 
  we 'll live long enough to see another update of nuclear safety measures . 
  the japanese also build their power plants to withstand tsunamis . 
  - 1985 : nuclear energy is safe . 
  - 1987 : nuclear energy is safe when the plant is n't run by stupid soviets - 2012 : nuclear energy is safe when the plant is n't run by stupid soviets and if you do n't have tsunamis - 2037 : ??? 
  looking at previous ines 7 accidents wo n't tell you much about the risk for future accidents . 
  that has always been a stupid argument . 
  the moment we strong-arm other countries for such selfish reasons we will lose a lot of soft power . 
  we can argue for peaceful and friendly relations , more cooperation and negotiations as long as we want if we start to ignore our very own arguments the moment they become inconvenient for us . 
  merkels magic power is that she can be a traitor who does n't listen to the population and a populist who does only what the population wants at the same time . 
  you are taking that country flag thing way too serious . 
  choosing a flair with the flag of your country neither makes you the spokesperson of the government nor does it show agreement with government policies . 
  lol indeed, 
  the german cartel office is not controlled by the americans . 
  the brexit negotiations have n't concluded yet . 
  therefor nobody knows what the relationship between the eu and the uk will be in regards to these matters . 
  which means that businesses do n't know how much of their operations they actually have to move to be able to continue business as usual . 
  of course businesses do n't move or even announce to move a large part of their operations before knowing if its actually necessary to move . 
  easyjet should be an easy to understand example . 
  they recently opened a branch in austria . 
  they have n't announced to move a significant part of their operation to austria . 
  because they hope that the uk and eu can agree on full cabotage in the eu , i.e. 
  they would be able to continue to transport passengers between any two destinations in the eu . 
  that 's a right that is currently limited to eu/eea/swiss countries . 
  if the uk and the eu wo n't agree on these rights easyjet will be forced to move a significant part of their eu-related operations to the eu . 
  otherwise eu airlines will argue in front of the european commission that easyjet with their small operation in austria should not be treated as a eu airline . 
   to be fair it 's not like the countries in question could put up much resistance if one went down that path . 
  to be fair , that argument can be used to justify every single hostility between states . 
  russia only invaded ukraine because ukraine could not put up much resistance . 
  if merkel hates the flag so much we should have a few more videos of her removing it . 
  the flag is basically everywhere where she is in official position as chancellor , and she has been chancellor since 2005 . 
   or , you know ... by the people that will ultimately end up living among the new arrivals and ca n't flee to their high-income houses and apartments like the lawyers , judges and politicians that 'll never have any contact with the immigrants in their personal lives that new arrival was born in switzerland 25 years ago , she has been living in buchs for 16 years . 
  and she can continue to live there as well . 
  the villagers did n't expel her from the village , they denied her citizenship . 
   seeing how our turkish immigrants are known not to integrate even after generations of living here in germany , i can hardly blame the swiss for this decision . 
  what a strange logic . 
  she is already integrated by every meaning of the word . 
  for fucks sake , her stated reason why she wants citizenship is so she can participate in the swiss democratic system . 
  according to op you are entitled to decide who becomes a citizen if you pay taxes . 
  neither her nor her fiancee get that right . 
  so they should get reimbursed . 
  they accept her as tax payer , but not as a member of their community . 
   i am impressed by the accuracy of measuring the quantity of national minorities in germany . 
  well , you are required to register with the authorities if you stay in germany for longer than 90 days . 
  source is the federal statistics agency , which got the numbers from the ausl\u00e4nderzentralregister . 
  page 39 of this pdf : https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/bevoelkerung/migrationintegration/auslaendbevoelkerung2010200167004.pdf?__blob=publicationfile, 
  dress like a rapper day ? 
  retina wine has twice the resolution of normal wine . 
  i would take that bet . 
  yep . 
  i 've personally seen it happen . 
  a turkish friend of mine only bought his stuff at aldi . 
  a few months later he forgot how to speak german , moved to one of the ghettos in my small-town and he was wearing a burqa while constantly talking about shakira law . 
  he 's now fighting with isis , they call him abu talha al-di .
