  europe was born when earth was born . 
  and in a couple of months earth celebrates its 2016 birthday . 
   yup . 
  the moment some guys does n't get to move to berlin because he does n't like it in munich . 
  i can already see it . 
  we have moved hundreds of asylum seekers to ludwigslust-parchim . 
  did n't see any riots because of it . 
  i blame every country that agreed on the stupidity called dublin regulations . 
  what 's the difference between germany and hungary ? 
  exactly . 
  one of them only borders other schengen countries . 
  and that country is not allowed to have systematic border checkpoints . 
  if germany starts to check every train , car and person that enters the country via another schengen country ( i.e. 
  all our land routes ) we are violating the schengen treaty . 
  we do n't have a schengen-external border . 
  the schengen treaties do not allow germany to have systematic border control . 
  that 's how it fells . 
  germany is not allowed to check every train , every car and every person that enters the country . 
  blaming a schengen country for not checking every person that enters the country from another schengen country is weird . 
  the country of first entry is responsible for the asylum process . 
  that 's the whole point of the dublin regulations . 
  the registering happens so other countries know which country is responsible for the asylum process . 
  they enter greece , greece registers them . 
  and if they then leave greece and request asylum in germany , the computer will show that they are already registered in greece . 
  which makes greece responsible for the asylum process . 
  so germany fills out a bunch of forms which are then send to greece . 
  greece checks them , and sees that the asylum seeker actually entered via greece . 
  greece agrees to take the asylum seeker back , and the german police puts the asylum seeker on a bus that brings them back to greece . 
  if the asylum seeker does n't want to stay in greece that process repeats . 
  -- to be honest , i ca n't understand why the border countries agreed on these laws . 
  they only favor countries that do n't have external borders . 
  and the border countries have a big incentive to ignore the law . 
  if asylum seekers are n't registered and appear in germany , germany has to prove the route they took . 
  if the asylum seeker does n't have things like train tickets on him , and if he 's smart enough to not tell his route , that 's next to impossible . 
  so you want the eu to send many hundred-thousands of asylum seekers back to greece , italy and hungary ? 
  these countries will probably leave the eu if we try that . 
  it does n't ? 
  according to the dublin regulations the country where the asylum seeker entered the eu is generally responsible for the asylum process . 
  which means that country has to process the asylum application ( which often takes months ) , and during that time the country has to host the asylum seeker . 
  once the process is completed that same country has to host them as refugees , or they have to deport them because they do n't require protection . 
  at least in theory . 
  of course that 's happening . 
  but is it happening so often that it 's worth to ignore the rights of people who are actually refugees ? 
  innocent until proven guilty . 
  we do n't give asylum to everyone who says they are from syria . 
  government officials are not that stupid . 
  an unlimited amount of immigrants is neither merkel 's nor germanys policy . 
  that 's what she actually said : `` the right to political asylum has no limits on the number of asylum seekers '' . 
  germany will put no limit on the number of asylum seekers we will host . 
  or in other words , we will follow the un refugee convention . 
  and of course we should do that . 
  you ca n't ignore such substantial treaties just because it gets inconvenient . 
  today i learned that germany is the first eu country these people pass on their way to denmark . 
  any day know . 
  i can feel how much the right wingers hope that something like this happens . 
  will they disappear if i do n't support the influx of asylum seekers ? 
  if that shocks you , i could search for the documentation about the girl that received her `` leave within 14 days or you will be deported '' note on her 18th birthday . 
  her family was allowed to stay , because the family has children that are n't 18 yet . 
  so the girl who had some ptsd type mental problems was put on a train back to a country that she has no conscious memories about . 
  germany does plenty questionable deportations . 
  the problem is that these politicians do n't know what they are doing with their alleged fight against google . 
  the fucking leistungsschutzrecht is the best example . 
  google has the reach to force publishers into submission . 
  if google news delists your website , you 'll lose a tremendous part of the hits . 
  a , for the sake of an argument , european startup that wants to create an alternative to google news does n't have that power . 
  they actually have to pay publishers , or they wo n't get legal access . 
  the law just strengthens googles position , and nobody wants to realize it . 
  if you think the multinational ( uk , nl , at , fr , de ) consortium of private companies , that made the deal with gazprom violates the eu sanctions , please go ahead and file a complaint with the responsible eu authority . 
  yes . 
  after eastern europe rejected a refugee quota because `` it 's not our problem '' , we switched to the same level of solidarity . 
  in reality : german companies can do whatever they want . 
  gas trade is not covered by the sanctions , so there is no way to prevent private companies from doing gas trade with russia . 
  that 's the one that sticks out for you ? 
  not the anal surprise ? 
  and for context , j\u00f6rg riebartsch is the chief editor of the `` ostth\u00fcringer zeitung '' , a regional daily newspaper with a circulation of around 95,000 . 
  he wrote an opinion piece for his newspaper . 
  not that someone thinks j\u00f6rg riebartsch is a high level politician or something . 
  so is he a member of isis as the headline and the article state ? 
  so from that screenshot , or video preview or whatever this is , the second guy is this guy ? 
  http://www.bka.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/2014/pks2014imkbericht,templateid=raw,property=publicationfile.pdf/pks2014imkbericht.pdf page 51 shows nationality, 
  is the evil mod that was censoring us all on strike ? 
  we did that in 2013 and 2014 . 
  but i agree , we should not host them . 
  we should send them back to italy , greece and hungary , where they legally belong ( from germanys position in the union ) . 
  should they deal with the refugees . 
  they are not ? 
  they move thousands of isis fighters from eu to syria . 
  and now they smuggle them back ? 
  because a refugee is somehow less suspicious than someone with eu citizenship ? 
  they are good at finding helpers that are willing to spread their propaganda though . 
  we invited the turks ( 83472 suspects ) as cheap labor . 
  and romanians ( 47435 ) and poles ( 43898 ) are fellow eu citizens . 
  serbs ( 29799 ) enjoy visa free travel in the eu . 
  syrians ( 29501 ) are here for humanitarian reasons . 
  the italians ( 23740 ) are eu citizens as well . 
  eritrea ( 17608 ) falls into the same category as syria . 
  bulgaria ( 16869 ) is eu . 
  kosovo ( 14650 ) are probably asylum seekers . 
  not sure about the russian federation ( 14454 ) though . 
  to name the top 10 nationalities of foreign suspects 2014 in germany .
