  what laboe actually means when he or she says that people from the balkans are not a problem is that they are not muslims . 
  on the plus side , soon we 'll be very good at fence building . 
  historically speaking , how many countries turned into stable , workable societies after proxy wars and forced `` nation building '' by super powers ? 
  in q1/2015 hungary was the eu country where most afghans requested asylum . 
  apparently hungary is safe enough for them . 
  and then hungary put them on trains and send them to germany . 
  because that 's what hungary does . 
  70,000 asylum request in the 12 months that ended q1/15 . 
  yet all the camps are empty . 
  same in germany . 
  for the first three months asylum seekers are n't allowed to work at all . 
  after that they need a work permit where the employment agency figures out if there are no legal resident who can do the same job . 
  only if someone actually receives asylum they can work on the same terms as eu citizens . 
  it should be `` denied refugees who do n't cooperate to determine their nationality are forbidden to work and wo n't recieve benefits '', 
  if they are n't an issue , maybe we can send them to sweden ? 
  in the first 8 months of this year 103,000 persons from the balkan countries requested asylum in germany . 
   set up processing centers for refugees outside of our borders . 
  [ ... ] to apply for asylum there , no exceptions . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  if you grant them asylum from these centers you will increase the number of asylum seekers in europe . 
  nobody wants that . 
  if you do n't grant them asylum because you declare the center as a safe area , you do n't need these centers . 
  you could just deport people back into refugee camps in lebanon or turkey . 
   the german government actually plans to do propaganda measures ( though they call it information campaigns now ) against people from the balkan . 
  unfortunately spending in other countries does n't make the asylum seekers disappear . 
  that 's not how that works . 
  if croatia requests help from the eu , i doubt that the eu members would reject that request . 
  but not every problem in the eu is automatically a eu problem . 
  if croatia can manage it they should do that on their own . 
  we do n't need a eu joint task force at every local but large scale problem in the eu . 
  indeed , on this issue the uk is in line with the polish plumbers . 
  on intra-eu migration on the other hand ... 
  yeah . 
  because these are conscious decisions . 
  the people in the embassies basically do nothing all day except delaying visa request for refugees . 
  and if you do n't have a literal gun on your head , you wo n't receive asylum if you request it in a german embassy . 
  the law does not allow that option . 
  however , the ambassador can grant diplomatic asylum if there is a current threat to the safety of the person . 
  which needs the literal gun on your head . 
  if we are talking about syrians , then we are almost exclusively talking aboutvisa for family reunification . 
  that means families of all those fighting age men that came to germany without their families . 
   and when you had enough influx of imigrants you start putting the burden on other countries germany does not reject asylum seekers at the border . 
  another 100 days of coalition negotiations between cdu and spd is exactly what we need in times of crisis . 
  in that case we have nothing to worry . 
  we have the polish , romanian , bulgarian and hungarian army to protect us . 
  in 2013 190,424 poles , 139,487 romanians , 60,896 bulgarians , 59,995 hungarians migrated to germany . 
  ( page 22 ) 62 % of the poles , 61 % of romanians , 62 % of bulgarians and 68 % of the hungarians were men . 
  ( page 27 , values eyeballed ) on average over all migrants 21.7 % were between 18 and 25 , and 40 % were between 25 and 40 years old . 
  so 61.7 % fighting age . 
  that leaves us with 72,844 polish soldiers , 52,499 romanian soldiers , 23,295 bulgarian soldiers and 25,172 hungarian soldiers . 
  or in total 173,810 soldiers from these 4 countries alone . 
  but there are more . 
  in total 754,798 eu citizens moved to germany . 
  if we assume 60 % male and 61.7 % fighting age that leaves us with a total eu force of 303,881 soldiers . 
  do n't worry , we will survive . 
  they are ? 
  in the first 8 months of 2015 germany decided on 808 asylum applications from nigerians , 24 of them received asylum . 
  20 got their deportation suspended . 
  the rest has to leave . 
  germany decided on 1104 applications from pakistan , 108 received asylum and 21 got their deportations suspended . 
  the rest has to leave . 
  and afghanistan ( 3660 decisions , 950 asylum , 581 suspended deportations ) is a war zone . 
  the rest is n't in the top 10 so there 's no public statistic available . 
  white people hate !, 
  everyone is welcome except white people !, 
  fourth euroreich !, 
  reverse nazi merkel !, 
  probably talking about migrants as in `` everyone who moved to a different country '' , not as in `` those are not refugees , those are migrants '' . 
  in germany education of refugees is only recorded voluntarily , so it 's not really a good statistic . 
  the highest education of people who request asylum in germany : - 15 % have attended a tertiary institution ( e.g. 
  university ) - 16 % academic high school ( i.e. 
  12 years school ) - 35 % middle school ( 9 or 10 years of school ) - 24 % primary school ( < 7 years of school ) - 11 % no school at all with syria the situation looks a little bit better . 
  - 21 % have attended university or college - 22 % academic high school - 47 % middle school - very few no school at all and again , that data is self reported by the applicant . 
  yep . 
  it 's may 2015 all over again . 
  afd back at 5.5 % horrible . 
  five point five percent . 
  that 's almost 100 % . 
  and yesterday the migrants forced the ap journalist to delete his material . 
  but it does n't end there . 
  migrants also forced hungary to cut down the rights of the free press . 
  basically all decisions that do n't require the applicant to leave the country . 
  it 's the share of asylum decisions that ended in 1 . asylum according to the german constitution , or 2 . refugee status according to the un convention , or 3 . subsidiary protection , like prohibition of deportation the first two should be clear . 
  they receive residency rights until the reason for the asylum no longer exists ( i.e. 
  when their home country is safe again ) , the latter is for people who do n't qualify for asylum but ca n't be send home for humanitarian reason . 
  for example a deserter who would face death penalty if they return . 
   do you know of any eastern european country that refused to get involved in any way in this crisis ? 
  i have to ask it again , what did eastern europe do to get involved in the crisis ? 
  all i hear is `` not our problem '' , `` no quotas '' , `` no '' and `` no '' . 
  it 's of course very possible that i missed proposals and solutions from eastern europe . 
  in what time frame ? 
  and what exactly do you mean by `` accepted '' ? 
  cumulative over several years it 's a bit hard to calculate . 
  because asylum seekers only appear in the statistics when they request asylum , and when their request is decided . 
  the federal agency for migration and refugees publishes monthly reports that contain current numbers . 
  some numbers . 
  in the first 8 months of 2015 germany received 256,938 asylum applications , 231,302 of them were from people who request asylum in germany for the first time . 
  in august alone , 15,338 people requested asylum for the first time . 
  in august 2014 , there were 8,706 applications . 
  in the first 8 months of 2015 , germany decided about 152,777 asylum applications .
