  wearing uniforms is only banned if they are used to express a common political view . 
  norway is n't part of the eu customs union , so they can make whatever trade deals they want . 
  there 's a customs border between norway and the eu . 
  uk goods that enter the eu via norway will be treated like uk goods . 
  that 's not the case for countries that are part of the customs union . 
  goods that were cleared by customs in one eu country are treated as internal goods in all eu countries . 
  where `` they '' is a party that achieved 2.1 % in the last state election . 
  in that case we should also make a law that makes it illegal to take your elephant for a walk in a public park . 
  elephants are dangerous , but not many people will be affected . 
  so we should make it a law . 
   is it ok by the law * if i wear a balaclava mask in a public place ( the town square , while walking etc ) ? 
  perfectly legal . 
  contrary to popular believe the `` vermummungsverbot '' ( ban on wearing face coverings ) only affects public assemblies , e.g. 
  demonstrations . 
   i mean how many people in bavaria ( ! ), 
  are wearing a niquab in school or government workplaces . 
  as the article says : none . 
   why because woman do n't even have to wear a niqab , a burka is perfectly acceptable i laughed . 
  -- i guess you meant hijab instead of burka ? 
  campaigning like it 's 2005 . 
  this time machine has no brakes !, 
  easy . 
  because many turks want to be able to visit the eu without a visa . 
  and politicians like to do things that are liked by the people in their country . 
   let me clear sth up what i was referring to , when you go off the motorbike you are not allowed to visit goverment not true in germany . 
  you might be tasered because some guard believes that you are a imminent threat , but it 's not illegal . 
  covering your face is only banned while you participate in a demonstration . 
   so why not ? 
  because it 's pointless symbol politics . 
  like it says in the article :  when asked by the sueddeutsche zeitung newspaper how many state civil servants would be affected by the ban , he said none . 
  instead of solving real problems they enact laws that do n't change anything so they can give themselves a pat on the back for doing something against failed integration , and against religious extremism . 
  but i guess it 's way too complicated for them to ban foreign financed islamic extremism and to actually do something to improve integration . 
  the niqab is a full-face veil . 
  because it covers the full face . 
  use a close-fitting veil like the woman in the center of [ this photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5ouu6h6.jpg ) . 
  compared to someone who wears glasses she probably has better peripheral vision . 
  i basically do n't see anything that is not in the view area that is covered by my glasses . 
  it 's also against the law to drive while your hearing is impaired . 
  but contrary to popular believe this does n't mean that i ca n't wear headphones while driving . 
  i 'm just not allowed to use said headphones in a way that impairs my hearing . 
  it 's the same for veils . 
  it 's very possible to wear a full-face veil in a way that does n't impair your vision . 
   also , what if i chose to mask my body-langauge communication by doing a really good poker face ? 
  or what if i chose to smile when sad and cry when happy ? 
  or if you use the phone to arrange something . 
  or even worse if you send a letter . 
  because content creators want to be able to pay their bills . 
  we have an immigration policy for eu/eea/swiss citizens . 
  it 's `` they are treated like germans '' . 
  in a poll raymon would n't even need to state his first name . 
  it sounds strange that somebody who states his first name and age to a journalist would n't answer sincere in an anonymous poll . 
   meanwhile the owners of microsoft live like gods on earth while millions of europeans struggle to have food on their table . 
  and i 'm sure the reason why they struggle is because they ca n't buy an off-the-shelve linux pc . 
  yet another linux distro , that 's what we all have been waiting for . 
  i 'm so excited . 
   microshit or crapple people like you are the reason why so many people do n't want to touch linux with a ten feet pole . 
  you confuse an operating system with a religion that needs preachers who spread the word and talk shit about other operating systems . 
  how many of the ambassadors to the ussr publicly said that they wish to destroy the ussr ? 
  none of these eu leaders want to become ambassador to the us . 
   the eu has shown it is n't capable yet of tackling large issues ( see the economic / banking / euro / refugee crisis ) because the nation states have n't given the eu the means to solve such a crisis . 
  if you create a eu border protection agency that has no actual law enforcement officers , you should n't expect that they can do any law enforcing . 
   it can not handle sustained military campaigns on its own without us or uk help ( see france and libya ) what do you mean with `` or uk help '' ? 
  uk ran out of precision ammunition as well . 
  anyway , there was no eu involved , so i do n't understand how that is relevant for discussing a potential federation . 
   but i 'd rather have the diminished capabilities of a country with a proven apparatus vs depending on the false sense of security of a flaky federation . 
  did n't you just use france running out of ammunition as a negative example ? 
  where `` hot meat sandwich '' is code for beer ? 
  agree . 
  he should put on his riot gear and stop the riot that has already been stopped . 
  do you job , former prime minister !, 
   he stormed : `` we are supposed to be coming out of europe [ ... ] '' grandad will be disappointed . 
  op got that wrong , it 's not about meatballs . 
  frikadelle/bulette/whatevs is flatter and larger . 
  just another opportunity to make him uncomfortable by asking `` who should we listen to ? 
  you or the white house ? 
  this is polish babushka cat . 
  not muslim jihadi cat . 
  easy to confuse . 
  yet very different . 
  last time it was a medical company in hungary . 
   the iaea has received information from the hungarian atomic energy authority ( haea ) that the source of the iodine-131 ( i-131 ) detected in europe was most probably a release to the atmosphere from the institute of isotopes ltd. , budapest . 
  the institute of isotopes ltd. produces radioisotopes for healthcare , research and industrial applications . 
  according to the haea , the release occurred from september 8 to november 16 , 2011 . 
  the cause of the release is under investigation . 
   `` swede '' joakim is clearly the name of an arab . 
  it means `` son of mohamed that wants to kill all infidels '', 
  almost as good as my favorite italian dish . 
  pasta with cubed jagdwurst and ketchup . 
  a very delicious crime . 
  daily mail : [ # 10,000 for a pineapple !, 
  british fruit is world 's most expensive ( just do n't ask what it was grown in ) ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2251685/pineapple-grown-britain-horse-manure-hailed-worlds-expensive-fruits-worth-10-000.html ) ( if you ask : horse manure , urine and straw ), 
   it 's definitely not just about the taste . 
  i 've never said something different . 
  but there are cases where it is about the taste . 
  austria does n't get an inferior version of sprite compared to the uk , they get a different version . 
  and it will be hard to distinguish between those cases and cases where customers actually get a worse products . 
  which makes any regulation incredibly hard . 
   i do agree that it is difficult to define when it 's just about the taste difference , but it could be done based on the `` active '' substance ( for ex . 
  cocoa for chocolate ) . 
  could n't have picked a worse example than cocoa in chocolate .
