  that wo n't happen anytime soon . 
   let 's be honest , the situations in which fukushima happened would never happened in france . 
  before fukushima the japanese said `` let 's be honest , the situations in which chernobyl happened would never happened in japan '' . 
  looking only at level 7 ines incidents and stating that this could never happen is a bit dishonest . 
  it 's obvious that we learn from these mistakes . 
  but there will always be new problems . 
  if a few more things would have went wrong , the 1999 flooding of the blayais power plant could have turned out like fukushima . 
  the prerequisites were quite similar . 
  if blayais would have turned into a level 7 incident , fukushima would n't have happened . 
  because they would have taken the plant offline to reinforce the sea wall and flood proof the emergency systems . 
   are there any rules required directly by the eu ? 
  yes . 
  there 's the new tobacco products directive which had to be transposed into national law until may 2016 . 
  here 's a infographic that contains the changes : http://ec.europa.eu/health/sites/health/files/tobacco/docs/tobacco_infograph2_en.pdf these are the key changes for tobacco sold in the eu :  1 \\ . 
  larger and mandatory pictorial health warnings   graphic health warnings with photos , text and cessation information will cover 65 % of the front and the back of cigarette and roll-your-own tobacco ( ryo ) packs ( ** ) . 
  depicting the social and health impacts of smoking , the warnings are designed to discourage people from smoking or encourage them to quit . 
  the warnings are grouped in three sets , to be rotated every year , to ensure that they retain their impact for as long as possible . 
  the design of the warnings on cigarettes and ryo tobacco are laid out in a commission implementing decision . 
  see the mock-up of the new cigarette packs . 
  ban on cigarettes and ryo with characterising flavours   cigarettes and ryo tobacco products may no longer have characterising flavours such as menthol , vanilla or candy that mask the taste and smell of tobacco ( *** ) . 
  in the case of products with more than a 3 % market share ( e.g. 
  menthol ) , the ban will apply as of 2020 . 
   a procedure for determining whether a tobacco product has a characterising flavour has been established , and an independent advisory panel will be set up to assist the commission and member states in this respect . 
  replacement of tnco labelling   the tar , nicotine and carbon monoxide ( tnco ) labelling on cigarettes and ryo tobacco will now be replaced with an information message that informs consumers that ` tobacco smoke contains over 70 substances known to cause cancer . ', 
  research has shown that tnco labelling is misleading to consumers as it makes them believe that some products are less risky to their health . 
  the new information message will more accurately reflect the true health consequences of smoking . 
  no more promotional or misleading packages   cigarette packs must have a cuboid shape to ensure visibility of the combined health warnings . 
  slim packs and other irregular shaped packs will no longer be allowed . 
  packs containing less than 20 cigarettes are also banned . 
  packs of 10 , which are particularly appealing to young age groups with limited spending power , will therefore , disappear from the market ( ^ ) . 
    promotional and/or misleading features or elements are not allowed on tobacco packages . 
  references to lifestyle benefits , taste or flavourings , special offers , suggestions that a particular product is less harmful than another , or has improved biodegradability or other environmental advantages , will no longer be possible . 
  mandatory electronic reporting on ingredients   to gather more information on the ingredients contained in tobacco products and their effects on health and addiction , manufacturers and importers of tobacco products are required to report on ingredients in all products they place on the eu market through a standardised electronic format . 
  certain frequently used substances where there are initial indications to suggest that they contribute to the toxicity , addictiveness or result in characterising flavours in cigarettes and ryo tobacco will be subject to more detailed reporting requirements . 
  safety and quality requirements for e-cigarettes   the tobacco products directive does not ban e-cigarettes . 
  see here to correct any other misconceptions about what will change . 
  instead , for the first time , certain safety and quality requirements have been introduced for e-cigarettes containing nicotine . 
    first and foremost , because nicotine is a toxic substance , the directive sets maximum nicotine concentrations and maximum volumes for cartridges , tanks and nicotine liquid containers . 
  e-cigarettes should be child-resistant and tamper proof and have a mechanism that ensures refilling without spillage to protect consumers . 
  e-cigarette ingredients must be of high purity and e-cigarettes should deliver the same amount of nicotine for puffs of the same strength and duration . 
  packaging and labelling rules for e-cigarettes   health warnings for e-cigarettes become mandatory advising consumers that e-cigarettes contain nicotine and should not be used by non-smokers . 
  packaging must also include a list of all ingredients contained in the product , information on the product 's nicotine content and a leaflet setting out instructions for use and information on adverse effects , risk groups and addictiveness and toxicity . 
  promotional elements are not allowed on e-cigarette packaging and cross-border advertising and promotion of e-cigarettes is prohibited . 
  onitoring and reporting of developments related to e-cigarettes   as e-cigarettes are a relatively new product for which evidence is only starting to emerge , the directive lays down monitoring and reporting requirements for manufacturers and importers , member states and the commission :   - e-cigarette manufacturers must notify member states of all products they place on the market and report annually to them on sales volumes , consumer preferences and trends . 
   - member state authorities will monitor the market for any evidence that e-cigarettes lead to nicotine addiction or to tobacco consumption , especially in young people and non-smokers . 
   - the commission will also present to the european parliament and the council the developments on e-cigarettes in its implementation report to be produced after five years . 
  possibility to ban cross-border distance sales   eu countries may prohibit cross-border distance sales of tobacco products , which give consumers -- including the very young -- access to products that do not comply with the directive . 
  should an eu country choose this option , the retail outlets in question can not supply their products to consumers located in that country . 
  even if a member state does not ban such sales , retail outlets must register with the competent authorities , both in the country where they are located , and in the country where they plan to sell their products . 
  measures to combat illicit trade   new measures intended to combat the illegal trade in tobacco products include an eu-wide tracking and tracing system for the legal supply chain and a security feature composed of visible and invisible elements ( e.g. 
  holograms ) which should help law enforcement bodies , national authorities and consumers detect illicit products . 
  these measures will be introduced for cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco in 2019 and to tobacco products other than cigarettes and roll-your-own tobacco in 2024 . 
     source : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-1762_en.htm, 
  if the eu and uk only want to trade according to wto rules there 's no need for any treaties . 
  wto guarantees equal treatment for all wto members that follow the rules . 
  since the eu is a customs union , individual members ca n't negotiate on trade . 
  this is admitting break up is now possible . 
  it 's possible since article 50 came into existence . 
  good luck enforcing it if a country refuses to `` settle bill '' it will be turned into debt . 
  or they could just declare new currency : euro 1:1 and stiff you anyway . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  the ecb will only accept euro , not lira or drachma . 
  the country has to buy euro with its own currency to pay euro denominated liabilities . 
  can also be taken as a veiled threat to italy . 
  the two italian ep members marco valli and marco zanni wrote a letter to draghi to ask about target 2 balances . 
  and draghi answered . 
  he knows that a eu member will invoke article 50 in the next months to leave the eu . 
  and he knows that eurozone members are also allowed to invoke article 50 . 
  he was asked , and answered the question . 
  nato members who did n't meet the spending target agreed during the 2014 wales summit to `` aim to move towards the 2 % guideline within a decade with a view to meeting their nato capability targets and filling nato 's capability shortfalls . '', 
  what 's the difference of that supposed impact on the single market in these two variants : 1 . 
  2019 : uk makes trade agreement with eu 2 . 
  2020 : uk makes trade agreement with us vs. 1 . 
  2019 : uk makes trade agreement with us 2 . 
  2020 : uk makes trade agreement with eu why would the eu have to examine impacts in the latter case , but not in the first case ? 
  he just does n't want to pay child support . 
  as long as i 'm not the next chancellor it would not bother me at all . 
  if i were the next chancellor i would ask myself why so many people around the world feel the need to publicly oppose me . 
  which is kind of the point i guess . 
  freedom of expression . 
  to show solidarity and support . 
  was it some of the dutch stuff ? 
  there 's a comma between `` 15 percent '' and `` ahead of some mainstream parties '' for a reason . 
   because large trading blocks can destroy lone nation 's economies with tariffs and the like if they feel like it . 
  wto does n't like that . 
  uk imports would cost exactly the same duties as imports from china ( lets ignore punitive tariffs ) , the us or any other country that does n't have a trade agreement . 
  their hands are too bigly . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  what 's the connection ? 
  in germany they are `` landkreise '' and the larger cities that do n't have a landkreis ( i.e. 
  these are constituencies . 
  the monocle soft power survey puts the uk at position 4 in its 2016/17 ranking , down one from last year , because the brexit referendum has weakened their strength . 
  he probably does n't understand the implications . 
  i would have said that the head of the department of energy would explain the problem to him . 
  but he picked one who was surprised that the department of energy is responsible for the us nuclear weapon program . 
  let 's hope we do n't accidentally start ww3 while it 's our turn . 
  i thought you made that up . 
  sad . 
  \\ / r/the _ donald is supposed to be a safe space . 
  you ca n't just go there and say bad things about trump .
