  it 's now 20,717 because 717 people were resettled from camps under the eu-turkey deal . 
  do you believe that germany would offer to resettle another 430,000 syrians if the asylum crisis would n't have happened ? 
  because that 's how many syrians were registered in germany last year . 
  hell no . 
  feel free to remove 50 % from that number because they are kenyan or something . 
  the answer wo n't change . 
  the sad truth is that nobody cares about refugees when they do n't come to their country . 
  that 's why europe only started caring about refugees in summer 2015 . 
  when thousands of asylum seekers came to europe every day . 
  before that , when it was a problem of greece , italy , and to a much bigger extent turkey , lebanon or jordan , nobody gave a flying fuck about syrian refugees . 
  and even now , even you and me , we only care about syrian refugees . 
  there are millions of genuine refugees that are n't syrian . 
  but neither of us gives an actual fuck about refugees . 
  we only discuss the ones that are a `` threat '' to us . 
  free movement in eu/efta is only for eu/efta citizens . 
  always has been . 
  even people who are in eu/efta on work visa ca n't make use of freedom of movement . 
   but when you look at countries around the world that accept `` genuine refugees '' the top 5 are all western advanced countries , the usa , canada , australia , norway and the uk . 
  http://www.unhcr.org/en-au/524c31a09   so if you were a genuine refugee , and your claim is accepted , then you are going to go to a rich country that is going to allow you to make money ... that 's not how unhcr resettlement works . 
  they ca n't resettle every single refugee . 
  they can only resettle as many refugees as resettlements are offered by host countries . 
  and since the unhcr knows that capacities are limited they only submit the most urgent cases for resettlement , survivors of torture of violence for example , or people who need constant medical treatment . 
  according to unhcr , less than 1 % of all refugees are submitted to the resettlement program . 
  look at the document you posted . 
  do you actually believe that there were only 53,305 genuine refugees from syria in 2015 ? 
  according to the document the unhcr asked the participating countries for resettlement of 134,044 people , 81,893 of these cases were accepted by the host countries . 
  every single person who is currently in a unhcr refugee camp is eligible for resettlement . 
  in total that 's 14.4 million people . 
  the 81,893 people that departed for resettlement in 2015 are pretty irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  and the claim that genuine refugees end up in rich countries is completely wrong . 
   poor countries do n't accept refugees , so you are n't going to end up in sub-saharan africa where you are going to struggle . 
  because if you are eligible for resettlement you are already in a region where you struggle . 
  this time for real !, 
  not like the last 50 years !, 
  and i thought you said that it 's just a statement and not incitement . 
   the big decider is , that the german government has decided to not get evolved in the development of the network and has handed such development over to the telekom . 
  decades ago the whole network was owned by the german bundespost . 
  with their privatization , the telekom became the owner of all these cables . 
  because there now was an open market the german government thought they have to regulate the market to so competitors have a chance to exist without doubling the existing infrastructure . 
  so they created rules that say that the telekom has to rent the cables that go into the houses and apartments to their competitors for a low fee that will be set by the government . 
   the telekom has the absolute monopoly on the market , with other providers having to pay them to use their cables . 
  who is stopping the other providers from laying their own cables ? 
  in fact a few of the providers with own infrastructure actually laid cables where they could make an easy profit from them . 
  these cables are n't regulated , and the provider does n't have to give access to other providers . 
   the telekom is , of course , very happy with this status quo , as they can not only dictate the prices but also keep all the developments in check . 
  they actually hate it . 
  because they have to provide access to the cables they lay . 
  that 's why the telekom has asked multiple times for less regulation . 
  and the poor providers that ** have ** to pay the telekom for using their cables asked for continued or even more regulation . 
  the fees telekom gets from other providers are actually set by the bundesnetzagentur , a federal agency that is responsible for the regulation of telecommunication networks . 
  telekom ca n't dictate any prices . 
  telekom does n't want to lay fibre to the home/basement/whatever because they know what will happen the day after they 've finished doing that . 
  the competitors will go from house to house and offer contracts that are cheaper than the telekom . 
  the telekom invests , takes all the risk , and the cheap providers reap the benefits . 
  only a fool would invest in infrastructure under such circumstances . 
  if the german government wants fast internet it either has to build and run the networks themselves , basically back to good old bundespost . 
  or they have to limit the regulation to cables that already existed when the telekom was created . 
  telekom would love both options , the first one puts them on equal footing with the other providers . 
  they do n't have to invest and can just sell contracts . 
  and the latter one makes sure that the other providers ca n't reap benefits without investing . 
  -- if i extrapolate the [ cost for 100 % fttb coverage in rheinland-pfalz ] ( http://www.golem.de/news/ministerpraesidentin-rheinland-pfalz-wird-netze-durch-glasfaser-ersetzen-1601-118648.html ) we are looking at 140 billion euro for nationwide fttb connections . 
  if you want gigabit connections , you need ftth , which would add another 19 billion euro . 
  maybe these are different people . 
  when you want to eat pizza from a pizza place on sunday you ca n't order it on saturday . 
  but if you need rice on sunday , you can totally buy it on saturday . 
  `` incitement to hatred '' is the official translation of the term `` volksverhetzung '' , which is the name of section 130 of the german penal code . 
  there just is n't a better english word for volksverhetzung . 
  if you publicly show your shitty tattoo that approves the holocaust you commit a crime that falls under volksverhetzung . 
  official translation :  ( 3 ) whosoever publicly or in a meeting approves of , denies or downplays an act committed under the rule of national socialism of the kind indicated in section 6 ( 1 ) of the code of international criminal law , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine . 
   the tattoo is an expression of his views/beliefs . 
  an expression of his approval of the genocide that happened in auschwitz and other camps . 
  and since he publicly displayed his tattoo that becomes a crime that is punishable with up to 5 years of imprisonment . 
  --  section 130  incitement to hatred   ( 3 ) whosoever publicly or in a meeting approves of , denies or downplays an act committed under the rule of national socialism of the kind indicated in section 6 ( 1 ) of the code of international criminal law , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine . 
   rushing to get everything done on saturday alone seems incredibly stressful . 
  that 's why it 's great that there are also 5 others days to get everything done . 
  when was the last time a nato country enlarged its territory ? 
  or can we expect that russia soon starts to train crimean police and military units with the goal to retreat all own troops and to return full sovereignty back to crimea ? 
  because that 's what nato countries do after an intervention . 
  because they did n't have a referendum about operation mincemeat . 
  in germany it is ver.di , the trade union of service workers , that tries to prevent too many sunday where stores can open . 
  and they would work against a proposed law change too . 
   makes sense given that they also ordered the f-35 . 
  fixed that for you . 
   what happened to freedom to assembly ? 
  like freedom of speech that 's a right that protects you against interference from the government . 
  non-state entities generally do n't have to follow it . 
  and the partner of the 13 year old has to be at least 13.5 , so the relationship with the 12 year old is not possible . 
  math tells us that according to this formula the minimum age for a relationship is 14 . 
  feeling lonely in your leavers club already ? 
  governments have been doing that for ages . 
  many countries offer film subsidies to filmmakers . 
  almost all theaters and opera houses receive subsidies to keep tickets affordable for everyone . 
  there are also many music events that receive subsidies . 
  thank you for your service . 
   the other reasons are an increase in ( non-violent ) theft and burglaries . 
  in the areas were the bundespolizei is responsible . 
  for example theft in train stations . 
  or graffiti on trains . 
  or cross-border burglary gangs . 
  or theft out of trains , e.g.
