  ^ ^ \\* ^ ^ not ^ ^ free ^ ^ at ^ ^ all, 
  so maybe you should say `` this is why austria ca n't have nice things , austrians are n't smart enough to not destroy them '' . 
  and now hungary is a member of nato , the eu and the v4 . 
  nato has been promoting trouble in the middle east for a very long time . 
  nato invaded afghanistan . 
  eu countries decided that 's a good idea to bomb libya . 
  and the uk ( eu ) and poland ( v4 and now eu ) were two of the four countries that invaded iraq in 2003 . 
  if the netherlands had an obligation to take hungary refugees back then , hungary has it at well . 
  if you earn 4000 euro a month and do n't have children you pay around 760 $ taxes ( ~ 19 % ) on your income . 
  you also pay 830 $ into social security ( health , pension , unemployment , care ) . 
  which leaves you with 2400 $ or 60 % of your gross income . 
  if you earn 2500 gross you pay 330 taxes and 520 into the social system . 
  so you can keep 1650 $ or 66 % of your gross income . 
  poles and romanians in the uk . 
  and asylum seekers in germany . 
  guess which group is more liked in / r/europe, 
  that has probably very little to do with britain but a lot with who the victims are . 
  and even they have ratified dozens of international treaties . 
  probably mexican hackers . 
   also , eu law would probably be superior if they joined the eea . 
  the ecj has no power over countries that are n't in the eu . 
   seeing how the eu is pressuring all eea members to automatically implement new eu law . 
  that 's an indication may does n't want to go for eea membership . 
  she did n't indicate anything regarding the eea . 
  eea members have to implement eu law that is relevant for the eea . 
  but at that point it 's no longer eu law . 
  it became part of the eea agreement . 
  yes . 
  we should totally force mcdonalds to sell fries made by burger king . 
  because mcdonalds is abusing their monopoly on the bigmac by attaching the `` do you want fries ( made by mcdonalds ) with that '' question to the purchase of the bigmac . 
  ( sorry that i use us companies as example ), 
  for example where she sees the post-exit uk in regards to the eu . 
  her statement is just another pledge to actually leave the eu . 
  though that might be necessary for her electorate . 
  so once the uk has formally left the eu they will no longer adhere to the rulings of the highest court in the eu in matters of eu law . 
  sounds logical . 
  but i actually expected something a bit more aspirational . 
   and is his job to bring proof that i actually uploaded something . 
  or that my identity -  an ip . 
  in a criminal case . 
  but copyright infringement cases where the copyright holders ask for financial compensation are n't criminal cases . 
  there is no presumption of innocence in civil cases . 
  https://www.wbs-law.de/eng/streaming/redtube-wave-streaming-warning-letters-hits-germany-49182/ http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/13600869.2015.1012777, 
   there was the big redtube ( porn site ) scandal a while ago in germany . 
  basically rights owners to some obscure porn movies came upon ip adresses of some redtube watchers through nefarious channels correct  and wanted to sue the watchers . 
  the copyright holder sent these users a cease and desist letter that asked them for 250 $ ( 15.50 $ compensation for the rights violation , 149.50 $ lawyer fees , 20 $ for postage and communications and 65 $ for the investigation of the copyright infringement ) . 
   at first the courts decided that the redtube watchers could be sued in some cases ( others were denied , it was n't handled evenly ) . 
  the court decided that the copyright holder , respectively the law office that represents the copyright holder , has the right to get the names and address of the person who owns the internet connection that used that ip address . 
  that happened because one of the technicians of the company that created the program that found the ip addresses made an affirmation in lieu of oath ( versicherung an eides statt ) that each ip is valid and each ip actually downloaded the videos at the stated time . 
  the law firm also had an expert assessment ( from another law office ) about the functionality and the legality of the way the program gathered the ip address . 
  and the law firm argued that progressive streaming as its done by redtube violates the letter of the law ( urhg 44a ) that allows temporary copies because the video stays in the browser cache after you 've finished watching . 
  and some of the judges followed all these arguments and gave away the names and addresses of the internet subscribers . 
   however after a lot of public outcry and law experts explaining how the law should work in this circumstance , all cases were denied from going further . 
  the law firm stopped enforcing the cease and desist letters they have sent . 
  at that point there was no case at all . 
  another court than ruled that the company is not allowed to send more cease and desist letters . 
  because it turned out that the expert assessment about the ip addresses was wrong . 
   to this day i am convinced that if this were about hollywood movies , those poor watchers would have been sued until their grandmother was bankrupt . 
  only very few people get actually sued for copyright violations . 
  most people arrange payment of the sums that the law firms ask in their cease and desist letters . 
  if you get sued the copyright holder usually wins . 
  and then you have to pay a lot more than the couple hundred euro they usually want . 
   now we have a situation where , because the law of course does n't differentiate between porn and hollywood movies , no one has to fear getting sued for watching streams . 
  that 's not how german law works , there is no precedent . 
  but in this case there was n't even a court decision about the legality of streaming . 
  it 's as unclear as before the redtube thing how legal progressive streaming is in the context of article 44a . 
   so they seek out some poor guy and tell him they 're on birth control , or they poke holes in the condom or whatever . 
  the good ole ' samenraub by poked condoms . 
  in reality these surprise children are almost always produced because the man relies on the woman for pregnancy prevention . 
  poor guy . 
  he did n't like condoms and now has to live with the consequences of his decision . 
  you try to discuss an issue by making comparisons between a woman having doubts about her decision because of the influence of pregnancy hormones and a fucking murderer who uses hormones as an excuse . 
  but that 's literally how sex works . 
  western culture 0 - biology 1, 
   you ca n't make it on pregnancy hormones . 
  for example if pregnant woman kills a person she wont get out of jail by putting the blame on hormones . 
  great example once again . 
  top notch . 
  have you ever actually talked to a woman who thought about having an abortion ? 
   i 'm not sure what is the legislation in other countries , but over here , you can only get an assisted reproduction as long as you 're a couple . 
  similar in germany . 
  and if the husband consents ( which he has to ) , he takes full responsibility for the child . 
  which means that after a divorce he has to pay child support . 
  obviously that does n't stop single women from going to denmark or the uk , where these laws do n't apply . 
   w-what ? 
  i mean those are very realte problems , dont you think ? 
  realte ? 
  what ? 
   why ? 
  i mean do you assume that this `` sex-partner '' is ( i dont know how to put it in an easy way ) menally challenged ? 
  do you want only one person to tak responsibility for both partners ? 
  both partners are responsible . 
  which means that both partners should use contraceptives . 
  if both partners use contraceptives they make sure that their own interests are covered . 
  for some reason i know very few woman that rely on the man making sure she does n't get pregnant . 
  but i know a lot of men who rely on their partner for not becoming a father . 
  these men are n't mentally challenged . 
  but they are irresponsible . 
  and therefor they should n't be able to weasel out of child support . 
   ok , so when you get raped it is your fault ?
