  according to your source muslims in europe have a fertility rate of 2.1 . 
  in developed countries a fertility rate of 2.1 is necessary to keep the population stable . 
  not very exponential . 
  if you have 2 kids the population wo n't exponentially increase . 
  because it takes 2 adults to make these 2 kids . 
  but complaining is pointless if you do n't change your shopping habits . 
  no amount of bureaucracy will solve the problem . 
  it 's up to the customer to start caring what they actually buy instead of just going by brand names . 
  stop buying from companies that sell you shit . 
  stop the blind trust in big brands so a competition can establish . 
   if the contents of the product are different , then it can not be labeled the same . 
  austrian tuna and hungarian tuna need to be called differently if the hungarian can consists of less actual meat , otherwise it 's just a scam . 
  so if i only put the hungarian word for tuna on the can i 'm golden ? 
  suddenly it 's okay that hungary gets shitty products ? 
  that might be the actual problem of eastern europe . 
  people expect that their local products are shitty , so they refuse to buy local products even if they are of a better quality . 
   no it does n't . 
  does the coffee bag say it is made of 99 % arabica while it only has 80 ? 
  of course not . 
  coffee is not similar to nutella in the slightest . 
  it says `` coffee '' and it 's sold at mcdonalds . 
  as a citizen of the single market i could expect the same coffee when i order a coffee in a mcdonalds in germany and the uk . 
  but does the ingredient list of shitty nutella lie about the ingredients ? 
  does it lie about the content of hazelnut ? 
  of course not . 
  because that would already be illegal . 
   they love profits for the most part . 
  and they understand they can sell shit to ee at a margin , while they can not do the same thing in de . 
  because ee customers do n't give a shit . 
  they still believe in the superiority of western products without caring for actual quality . 
  and as long as they continue with that stance no amount of eu bureaucracy will get them equal quality products . 
  are your nutella containers labeled in german ? 
  because if they are n't exclusively labeled in german you already have a different product from the one that is sold in germany . 
  so no reason to complain , products are n't labeled the same . 
  east german companies were bought too . 
  though most were simply liquidated . 
  and then someone opened them again . 
  people even opened new businesses to produce things people want to buy . 
  if evil corporations wo n't sell you nice things , you have to start to make the nice things yourself . 
  if the problem is as large as everyone tells in these threads , it should n't be so hard to create a loyal customer base that will continue to buy your stuff even after corporations started to sell you western quality products . 
   really not an option if there is no foreign product to be had . 
  sounds like `` everything made in the eastern bloc is shit '' syndrome . 
  we had that in eastern germany as well . 
  but now i can buy nudossi again , more hazelnut than nutella . 
   we can also force producers to publish ( on their website , or we can create a european food products website or something ) composition of all products sold in the eu . 
  that the consumers can compare themselves . 
  that suggestion actually sounds reasonable . 
  what explanation ? 
  there 's a lot of competition in the german foodstuff market . 
  on the retail level , basically everyone lives in the vicinity of multiple discount supermarkets . 
  and also on the product level , do n't like nutella ? 
  buy nudossi , bionella , or one of the store brands from rewe , aldi , netto , lidl , kaufland , edeka . 
  german customers just do n't like to spend a lot of their money on food . 
  and the food producers and retailers manage to keep prices low , because if they do n't someone else will sell to the customer . 
  with a side effect that companies try to make more profit by saving cost on the work force side . 
  it 's not easy to be a milk farmer in germany when aldi can basically dictate prices . 
  even before the euro we had lower food prices ( ppp ) than most european countries . 
  saying that the german retail prices are caused by the euro is as useful as saying that eastern europe gets lesser quality foodstuffs because the cxos of multinationals like ferrero or nestle are secret nazis that hate slavs . 
  i am sure that everyone understands that there are actually products where one could say that the quality is inferior . 
  the question is how can this be regulated without creating a committee that makes an individual decision about every single product that is sold in the eu . 
  differences in ingredients does not necessarily mean that one product is of inferior quality . 
  which means that you ca n't regulate the market by saying that all products have to be equal . 
  in fact it might be impossible to do that . 
  many companies produce at more than one facility . 
  if they do that they usually source their ingredients differently , which will often lead to subjective quality differences . 
  tomatoes grown in dutch greenhouses might be of less quality than tomatoes grown in the spanish sun . 
  mcdonalds puts them onto salads that are sold under the same brand name . 
  this would n't be allowed under `` same product , same quality '' rules . 
  just read about it , apparently they add sugar and other sweeteners themselves . 
  no personal experience , but i 've seen a few reddit comments about it . 
  `` edizione speciale '' is only sold in eastern europe and according to the images on the packaging it contains less salami . 
  but how would you put that difference into a feasible regulation that does not require a committee which checks every single product ? 
  coffee with less arabica and more robusta falls into the same category as nutella with less cocoa and more sugar . 
  quality differences are a problem the market can solve . 
  do n't buy shit that you do n't like . 
  that 's the reason why germany has good quality for low prices . 
  if nutella changes ingredients many will buy something else . 
  if nutella raises prices , many will buy something else . 
  the cxos of ferrero , nestle and other multinationals are n't secret nazis that love germans and hate eastern europeans . 
  like every business they exploit every market by as much as they can without getting a negative impact on profit . 
  do n't put up with their shit and they 'll treat you less shitty . 
  because suddenly treating you shitty costs them money . 
  i 'm pretty sure there would be local alternatives if customers would actually care . 
  i 'm from eastern germany . 
  after the fall of the wall we had a similar problem . 
  everything from the east was considered shit and people stopped buying it , even if it was better quality . 
  that has changed since then , many of the old brands are back . 
  and now there 's healthy competition . 
  but as long as eastern europeans sing the ` nutella uber alles ' song and do n't even consider buying something else , nothing will change . 
  if the eu enacts ` same brand , same ingredients ' rules , you 'll just buy `` nutella - edition speciale '' , with same ingredients as today . 
   how about we offer the british the german/austrian product and vice versa and let the consumers decide which is the `` superior '' variety ? 
  how should that work ? 
  every shop in the eu is forced to offer all product varieties ? 
   and not give a country/region arbitrary decided ingredients and tell then `` this is what you want '' . 
  how about not buying the stuff you do n't want ? 
  in your opinion , why is it that germany gets better quality ? 
  - because businesses love germans and hate eastern europeans - because germans are more critical than eastern europeans and will not buy your stuff if you mess with the german customer too much, 
  not if that effort comes with tons of pointless bureaucracy . 
  as would be the case if companies were forced to sell the same product in all countries . 
  the amount of red tape that we need to regulate this gets even worse if the product is produced in different countries by subsidies .
