  are there ? 
  to be honest , i have no idea . 
  if talent means being in possession of a university degree and having a binding job offer that earns more than 1.5 times ( a bit lower for `` scarcity jobs '' in it , stem etc. ), 
  the national average salary , the eu countries except denmark , ireland and the united kingdom have the blue card . 
  and besides being or pretending to be a refugee that 's the only realistic chance of immigration for many eu countries . 
  probably not that many . 
  there 's two ways for children to get german citizenship : 1 . they are born to at least one parent with german citizenship . 
  in that case they can keep the citizenship of the other parent too . 
  2 . they are born after 2000 and at least one parent has been legal resident in germany for at least 8 years . 
  in that case they are dual citizens until they are 18 . 
  then they have to decide if they want to keep their german citizenship , if they do they have to renounce their us citizenship . 
  but us soldiers stationed in germany do n't get resident status in germany . 
  they have a nato sofa status . 
  we only gained freedom of movement with switzerland in 2007 . 
  up until 2004 the us was our most common emigration destination , now it 's switzerland . 
  some data points : - in 2015 9.7 % ( 13,438 ) of the germans who left germany moved to the us . 
  switzerland was the destination for 13.2 % ( 18,266 ) - in 2004 8.6 % ( 12,976 ) moved to the us . 
  8.5 % ( 12,818 ) to switzerland - in 1991 12.7 % ( 12,586 ) moved to the us . 
  4.9 % ( 4,855 ) to switzerland one could say the us has a multi decade head-start . 
  the us could enact punitive tariffs against goods originating from germany . 
  germany has 1 of 28 votes in the european commission . 
  that 's not at all comparable to being a sovereign country in regards to trade . 
  where should we look exactly ? 
  article 207 tfeu ? 
  because we do n't want to ? 
  who has said anything about trade agreements ? 
  on the other hand you do n't have to do fundraisers for your friend with cancer . 
  on 17 december 2016 trump tweeted `` china steals united states navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to china in unpresidented act '' . 
  he later deleted that tweet and sent a [ new tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/810121703288410112 ) where he used unprecedented . 
  since we are not talking about a trade agreement the us can very well deal with germany on its own . 
  who is going to stop the us from enacting punitive tariffs against germany ? 
  on the other hand germany could not enact counter tariffs without approval from the other 27 eu members . 
  unlike trump , the libtards might say that article 5 is non-negotiable . 
  * god , honour , homeland , visa applications *, 
  trump lost by 2,864,974 votes . 
   applications will be rejected on the basis of supplying false information . 
  they probably wo n't . 
  if you qualify for asylum with 17 you qualify for asylum with 20 . 
  persecution does n't stop if you turn into an adult . 
  additionally to that many us companies produce in china and then sell on the european market . 
  my macbook pro wo n't appear in the us-german trade statistics because it 's country of origin is china . 
  do n't forget `` massive crowds '', 
   they want us to basically set up a caste system in which certain people follow different laws depending on what passport they have ? 
  you already have that `` caste system '' . 
  eu citizens already enjoy different rights than non-eu citizens . 
  the eu wants you to not get rid of that `` caste system '' , not to introduce one . 
  comparisons to countries that have n't been in a union comparable to the eu are rather pointless . 
  there are a lot of eu laws about things that are n't trade . 
  like freedom of movement of workers for example . 
  it 's so simple that you got it wrong . 
  to reach reciprocality uk citizens in other eu countries have to be governed by national law . 
  they will lose the privileges they get for being unaccompanied minors . 
  not the full national debt is due next month . 
  6.5 billion euro are due in june . 
   honestly the lack of an ambassador in what us should consider a key ally is kinda `` strange '' . 
  trump ran out of business friends early in the nomination process . 
  of 559 key positions requiring senate confirmation ... - 442 no nominee - 15 awaiting nomination - 63 formally nominated - 39 confirmed https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/trump-administration-appointee-tracker/database/, 
   but why would any country negotiate better trade deals than what the european union has now ? 
  because naturally the uk will act less protectionist than the eu . 
  the eu has to find a compromise between 28 countries , the uk only has to follow its own interest . 
  if the uk does n't care about protecting its banana industry they will get cheaper bananas . 
  the eu on the other hand risks a veto on the trade deal if the uncompetitive flemish banana industry believes it ca n't compete with cheap imports . 
  what if i tell you that in german meierei is another term for molkerei . 
  posting 6 times ? 
  the berliner is still strong in you . 
  different rules ? 
  in germany the order for flags in front of federal buildings ( similar on the inside ) is : 1 . international organisations , in no mandatory order . 
  habit has it to put un and nato in front ( i.e. 
  left ) of eu 2 . foreign countries in alphabetical order according to the german name . 
  except if it 's an event in the context of the eu , then the flags of the eu countries come first and they have to be ordered by their official local name . 
  \u00c9ire ( ireland ) left of \u0395\u03bb\u03bb\u03ac\u03b4\u03b1 ( greece ) . 
  non-eu countries then follow in alphabetical order 3 . german flag 4 . flag of german states in alphabetical order 5 . municipal flags meetings of a particular group of countries , i.e. 
  g7/g20 , can have the german flag in the position where it would be in the alphabet . 
  and they are back in the eu . 
   why did this guy made the photo in hamburg when he is located in berlin ? 
  besides low infrastructure investments you can still travel long-distance in germany . 
   i personally would n't oppose it , but they did sign the npt which contains a segment about leaving the npt within 3 months , if extraordinary events have jeopardised the supreme interests of the country . 
  a us retreat from nato , the end of us nuclear sharing or the invasion of ukraine are all such extraordinary events by itself . 
  thankfully only one of them has actually happened . 
   as a non nuclear power in order to get access to nuclear technology . 
  germany developed that technology itself . 
  germanys first commercial nuclear power plant went online in 1961 . 
  the npt opened for signature in 1968 and entered into force in 1970 . 
  us nuclear sharing was one of the reasons why germany signed the npt . 
  not access to civilian nuclear energy . 
  for your urge to watch every hollywood movie for free ? 
  because the industries in the eu rely on knowledge ( i.e. 
  ip ) to keep competitive , because it 's impossible to compete on labor cost with most of the world . 
  that 's why we only celebrate early history with trucks . 
  like the battle of the teutoburg forest . 
   your turn yurop . 
  judging by the amount of man , mercedes-benz and volvo this was our turn . 
  classification was not possible for 76 of 231 sample points . 
  74 of them in the `` new/changed/closed bathing waters '' category . 
  to be honest , these should have been excluded from the total count . 
  quality | sample count : -- | -- : excellent quality | 145 good water quality | 5 sufficient water quality | 2 poor water quality | 3 quality classification not possible | 76 source : the map on http://www.eea.europa.eu/themes/water/interactive/bathing/state-of-bathing-waters, 
  looks like they already left the eu . 
  germany already had a higher eu net migration rate than the uk anyways . 
   when you walk down the street you are captured by hundreds of cctv cameras not everyone is living in the uk . 
  the price at the gas station is listed as 1.109 $ somebody asks you what fuel costs ?
