  hitler would have been even more edgy . 
  statistically more than 90 % of east germans did n't vote for the afd . 
  because to reach under < 80k immigrants per year we would have to leave the eu and after that we have to further isolate ourselves in europe and the world . 
  we probably need a fucking wall for that . 
  1.34 million foreigners migrated to germany in 2014 . 
  880,000 of these from the eu . 
  outside of the npd nobody wants to commit economic suicide . 
  and tschechei if you are old or from saxony . 
  schengen did n't get rid of border controls . 
  it got rid of systematic border controls where every single person is checked . 
  put a couple cannabis related stickers on your old car and drive from the netherlands to germany and there 's a good chance that you end up in a customs check . 
  see the us . 
  they are even a single country and legislation heavily changes if you cross state borders . 
  before summer 2015 : merkel sucks , she only does what the polls suggest . 
  teflon merkel always chooses the way of least resistance . 
  she has no own vision for germany . 
  after summer 2015 : merkel sucks , she does n't do what the polls suggest . 
  she acts against the will of the electorate . 
  she is a dictator that runs germany like she wants . 
  because there are currently no rules that punish them for moving between countries . 
   these people tent to form ghetos or communities . 
  plenty of asylum seekers around . 
  they do n't want to live here , they would love to live in berlin . 
  but they do n't . 
  because we have rules in place that forbid that . 
  what 's stopping us from adopting these rules in the eu ? 
  neither of these countries can be bullied into submission as easily as papua new guinea or nauru . 
   they bring crime and unemployment , homophobia and misogyny . 
  blatant generalisations . 
  not surprisingly by a pole . 
  until recently king of burglary and continuous king of car theft in germany , and master in undercutting the local workforce in western and northern europe . 
  in their own country they do n't even have civil unions for homosexuals , but they consider a total abortion ban . 
  see how that works ? 
  - https://www.bka.de/de/aktuelleinformationen/statistikenlagebilder/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks2015/standardtabellen/standardtabellentatverdaechtige.html?nn=51356 ( table 62 ) - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_poland - http://www.wsj.com/articles/poland-considers-near-complete-abortion-ban-1474566994, 
  here in europe we call the `` australian solution '' the `` eu-turkey deal '' . 
  i always had that crazy idea to make politicians filthy rich . 
  together with an absolute ban ( prison sanctioned ) on doing work like gazprom-schr\u00f6der , uber-kroes or goldman-sachs-barroso . 
  if the eu could easily find more/new destinations for their exports , why do n't they do it now ? 
  why does germany wait until the uk left , to sell more cars to another country ? 
   i know people who died from weed !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5f87qqjcbc ), 
   but wind-turbines are not cheap to set up and take quite a while to make their money back . 
  as opposed to nuclear power plants . 
  hehe, 
  you have to follow / u/executivemonkey a bit . 
  he 's a very intelligent person who loves to pretend to be a dumb american . 
  his `` i 'm 1/64 irish . 
  st. paddys day is a very important part of my identity '' is pretty spot on . 
  on your behalf . 
  you know , bringing out the stick . 
   if migrants do n't choose slovakia or czechia voluntarily , how are you going to keep them here the same way germany prevents asylum seekers from moving to berlin . 
  which is basically where they all want to be . 
  you do n't allow them to work outside of their assigned district . 
  you do n't pay them welfare outside of their assigned district . 
  you fine them if you apprehend them outside of their assigned district . 
  works for germany . 
  i 'm not seeing why it should n't work for the eu . 
  but maybe i 'm missing something . 
  nobody thinks that ireland , or any other country for that matter , is a tax heaven for employees and small businesses . 
  `` these numbers are not accurate , let me pull something out of my ass instead . '', 
  because it 's the cheapest option if you want residence rights inside a eu ( and even schengen ) country ? 
  and then they bring you to a secret umerziehungslager in brandeburg where they kill you . 
  i read that on breitbart . 
   1244 numbers are actually in 1000 and are for whole germany . 
  of the 3,465,000 0-5 year olds in germany : - 1,244,000 have a migration background ( 35.9 % ) - 15,000 are germans who were born outside of germany ( 0.4 % ) - 1,001,000 are germans who were born in germany ( 28.9 % ) - 84,000 are foreigners who were born outside of germany ( 2.4 % ) - 145,000 are foreigners who were born in germany ( 4.2 % ), 
  i do n't know what number that is . 
  but germany has n't granted 1,000,000 people protection status in the last year . 
  and only then you get a work permit . 
   germany 's employment agency has estimated that at least 30,000 refugees have found jobs in the country since spring 2015 . 
  but the government is struggling to help many more unemployed enter the workforce . 
  that 's for the 30 dax companies . 
   and the moment you suggest that you might soon begin to look for a job , you are cut off and left out to dry in germany it 's the opposite . 
  if you are physically and mentally able to work you have to seek work , otherwise you get your welfare cut . 
  when you request welfare you literally sign a contract with the employment agency . 
  they give you money and help you find work . 
  and you have to look for work . 
  usually you even have to prove that you are actually looking for work . 
  the standard is 5 job applications per month , if you ca n't show them these you get a warning . 
  that one is free . 
  second warning might cost you welfare money . 
  they sometimes call to ask the companies if you actually send an application or if you just wrote down their name . 
  if the latter is the case and you lied to them you get sanctioned . 
  if your job applications are shit , they 'll send you to a course where you learn to write proper applications . 
  if you deliberately sabotage your chances of getting a job you 'll get sanctioned . 
  first warning is free . 
  then they start to take away parts of your welfare . 
  the more you piss them off the more money they 'll take away . 
  live on welfare is n't easy . 
  but if they cut the non-rent part by 30 % for 3 months you have a problem . 
  as usually , enforcement depends on the person you work with . 
  and your age . 
  50 year olds get more leeway than 20 year olds . 
   to give the olympics to a developed country this triggers the orban . 
  sounds cheap . 
  i pay 9.90 $ for 1 gigabyte . 
  trump is more on the isolationist side of things . 
  there 's a good chance that europe will miss that the us does the dirty work in world politics . 
   hey you guys are the ones hosting them are n't you ? 
  think it 's time they were gone . 
   we and belgium , the netherlands , italy and turkey .
