  so you want to abolish the eu single market ? 
  not going to happen . 
  besides that , most multi national companies already have business in the bigger countries . 
  apple german , facebook germany , google germany , amazon german , microsoft germany , starbucks germany , ikea germany and so on . 
  they all exist . 
   that way you could `` force '' a company to register in the country any economic activities it has in that country and tax it appropriately . 
  they transfer their profits out of the country like they do it now . 
  it works something like this . 
  let 's assume * fancy company * has a store in germany . 
  this is how their tax sheet looks like -- income after paying vat : - +100 $ , from german customers expenses : - -10 $ salaries , paid to german employees - -10 $ rent , paid to german landlord - -50 $ buying the item that was sold , paid to factory in china - -29.99 $ license to sell things in the name of `` fancy company '' , paid to fancy company ireland . 
  profit : - 0.01 $ -- if they would n't buy the `` license '' , they would generate a profit of 30 $ in germany . 
  and they had to pay taxes for these 30 $ . 
  but because they buy that license from a separate company in ireland , almost all of their profits are moved there . 
  they now pay taxes on 29.99 $ in ireland , and taxes on 0.01 $ in germany . 
  and forbidding license sales wo n't help . 
  they would just buy something else , maybe a customer management software , or a marketing team . 
  it 's not possible to forbid such deals without giving the tax authorities way too much power . 
  to implement that we need a eu tax authority and a lot more bureaucracy . 
  if you look at multi national companies it 's not that clear where profit is created . 
  is it in germany , where that item is sold to the customer ? 
  is it in spain , where the company manufactures an item ? 
  is it in poland , where the sales and marketing team of that company sits ? 
  is it in portugal , where development is done ? 
  is it in denmark , where the support team is established ? 
  all of them contribute to the revenue that is created in germany . 
  without portugal there would n't be a product to sell , without spain you could only look at the product , without poland nobody would buy it , and without denmark people would n't buy again because you do n't offer support . 
  so to profit taxes for a sale in germany you would have to get the revenue for each eu-28 country . 
  you then have to combine all the expenses from each country . 
  then you have to come up with a formula to distribute the expenses to the different countries . 
  and only then you know what fraction of the profit was actually created by the sale in germany . 
  sounds like a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  and tomorrow greece will say something completely different . 
  more news at 11 . 
   you ca n't share in the good , fun times , and not contribute in the development of the eu as a block . 
  * sharing sunshine , lollipops and rainbows only * is the unofficial motto of the union . 
  nobody wants to do shit that does n't benefit them directly . 
  if i were romania i would try to convince these smart people to come to romania . 
  the brain drain from romania to western europe is most likely bigger than the brain drain from africa to europe . 
  that 's what happens if you replace well paid government officials with minimum wage workers from private companies . 
  they obviously do n't pursue crimes of muslims anymore . 
  just so they do n't have to admit that all these asylum seekers constantly rape kids and dogs . 
  read the un refugee convention . 
  as soon as a person requests asylum because they think they fall under the convention , they can no longer be treated as an illegal immigrant . 
  sending back people without checking their cases individually is also a violation of the convention . 
  you are not allowed to endanger refugees by sending them to unstable countries . 
  to figure out who is a legit refugee you have to check all cases . 
  that only works in southern california . 
  they liked it so much they already ordered 977 . 
  this is either for a different type of vehicle . 
  or it 's a vehicle that is just meant for export . 
  finally greeks will do what i want to get my fine german euros . 
  that 'll be great . 
  and with more knedliky, 
  charts from 2007 ? 
  could n't find anything older ? 
  i miss the year 2000 , where you could be pretty sure that someone with an 88 in his nickname is a nazi . 
   also , you seem to be a few years behind , it 's not turks anymore , it 's serbs and poles . 
  serbia ? 
  seems to be a couple years behind as well . 
  in 2013 serbian citizens had a migration balance of +7,325 . 
  that 's between china ( +7,779 ) and afghanistan ( +7,228 ) . 
  the highest migration balances are from eu citizens , obviously . 
  poland ( +71,500 ) , romania ( +53,000 ) , hungary ( +25,500 ) , italy ( +23,500 ) , bulgaria ( +21,500 ) . 
  compared to turkey ( -4,666 ) . 
  turks and germans ( -21,857 ) are currently the only citizens in the statistic that have a negative migration balance . 
  source is [ migrationsbericht 2013 ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/broschueren/2014/migrationsbericht_2013_de.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ), 
  `` new turkey '' is becoming a chimera from the past . 
  germany is currently losing a couple thousand turks each year . 
  in 2013 23,230 turkish citizens moved to germany and 27,896 left . 
  the once that leave are often in the group of well educated and well integrated people . 
  lawyers , engineers , doctors , it experts and so on . 
  mission accomplished . 
  -- the new `` threat '' is that germany turns into `` new europe '' . 
  if you look at each eu country germany has a positive migration balance , i.e. 
  more people from each eu country come to germany . 
  even with the usa we have a positive balance , in 2013 20,531 us citizens came to germany and 17,415 left . 
  looks like we are a pretty great country . 
  everybody wants to be here . 
  -- source : migrationsbericht 2013, 
  and because the un knows that it 's not that easy , they created the un refugee convention . 
  and every country that ratified it is obliged to check every person that request asylum on a case to case basis . 
  and when a person is under threat in their home country the host country is required to grant them asylum . 
  the profit that is taxed in tax havens was not created from revenue in the tax haven . 
  companies sell their shit to french and german customers and then they transfer all their money to ~ ~ tax havens ~ ~ developing economies . 
  these companies happily use the infrastructure in france and germany so they can sell . 
  they happily take money from the german engineer who would n't be an engineer if they woudl n't have had access to free education , which was paid by taxes . 
   for example our rate is 12.5 % and we successfully collect 12.4 % of that where as france has a rate of 33.33 % but due to tax breaks and other circumstances the effective rate collected is around 7.4 % . 
  so let 's make a compromise . 
  every eu country has to collect at a minimum tax rate of 10 % . 
  france has to collect more , ireland can collect less . 
  but we use real data to calculate taxes and not a fictional company in a document from a tax avoidance advisor . 
   my idea is to have a 1-2 % tax rate that applies to company revenue regardless of what business they 're in , or who their customers are . 
  1-2 % tax on revenue ? 
  this kills the majority of the grocery and food retailers . 
  they operate on just above 2 % pre-tax operating margins . 
  i thought poland ordered a thousand [ kto rosomak ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kto_rosomak ) already . 
  afaik it 's a project between companies from poland and a company from germany . 
  neither the bundeswehr nor the german government are involved . 
  as you said , together with the netherlands germany just developed the boxer . 
  no need to replace that one .
