   imagine no police - those rioters would most likely get crushed by nazis . 
  without police , nazis would most likely not demonstrate in leipzig . 
  there were 200 nazis and 2500 counter protestors , with 1000 of them violent . 
  big surprise !, 
  the left is not a homogenous group . 
  who would have thought . 
  can you quote some articles ? 
  i 've read a couple articles from different news papers and none did that . 
  now is the time to link to the l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  there are even more principles : - `` if the demonstration is spontaneous you do n't need a permit '' - `` the lack of a permit is not enough to break up a peaceful non-mass demonstration '' - `` as long as the assembly as a whole is peaceful , your demonstration will be permitted even if parts of your assembly use violence '' - `` we need concrete dangers that could start out from your demonstration to not issue a permit . 
  abstract endangerment is not enough '' the federal constitutional court made the rules pretty clear with the brokdorf ruling in 1985 . 
  sometimes local courts violate these rules and they do n't allow a demonstration . 
  in that case the next higher instance usually voids that decision . 
  the system in germany works as intended by the constitution . 
  protesting without a permit is not a crime in germany . 
  for the participants it 's just an administrative offence . 
  and if the demonstration disassembles after the police told them to do so , even that is rarely used . 
  unlike in russia you wo n't go to jail for 3 years because you attended illegal demonstrations . 
  and thats for regular demonstrations . 
  there are also spontaneous demonstrations that do n't require a permit . 
  and the federal constitutional court has ruled that a non-mass demonstration can not be broke up because it solely violates the registration requirement . 
  neither the center for democratic culture in germany , exit , sky tv , bigfm nor the other mentioned organizations are part of the autonomous antifa . 
  schengen just means that there are no systematic border checks . 
  random checks can and will happen . 
  so there are no traditional border checkpoints where every car is inspected , but border police patrols the border area and they select vehicles that they will check . 
  and currently a couple countries have reintroduced even the systematic border checks . 
  not everyone can use arson to protest against something they do n't like . 
  indeed . 
  if the eu would do what the population wants we would n't have that current divide in the eu . 
  because it would consist of 14 countries . 
  the enlargements to the east would n't have happened , and greece would have been kicked out already . 
  it would be a very big mistake to put the population in charge of a project like the eu . 
  ever heard about the paradox of tolerance ? 
  besides that , the groups that usually participate in these actions do n't even claim that they are tolerant . 
  they call themselves ** anti ** - fascists for a reason . 
  we can fight isis because we do n't have to be on the ground , we can basically pick our targets arbitrarily . 
  syrians ca n't do that . 
  they have to participate in the civil war . 
  which faction would you pick ? 
  would you fight with assad or against assad ? 
   we need to forget about `` the white mans burden '' , because the middle-east is not our damn problem anymore . 
  not our problem ? 
  have you missed the refugee crisis ? 
  do 30 people that attack a bus with 12 refugees count as protest ? 
  because that happened on thursday , an hour away from leipzig . 
  ----- edit : ca n't find english news that covers the incident . 
  but thelocal mentions it in an article about an attack against two 9 and 14 year old asylum seeker girls ( by a group of 13 and 14 year olds ) : http://www.thelocal.de/20151211/leipzig-children-attack-refugee-classmates, 
  better article : http://www.dw.com/en/police-use-water-cannon-to-break-up-leipzig-protests-against-neo-nazi-march/a-18914171, 
  talking about lecturing ... 
  there is a difference between warning of heightened tensions that are sort of like a civil war , and threatening to start a civil war . 
   i bet most of posters here get their views from gypsy stereotypes , which have nothing to do with ethnic romanians . 
  that 's one reason for shitting over them . 
  somebody in romania does something bad ? 
  must be a gypsy . 
  because a true romanian would never do something bad . 
  until carbonated water comes out of the tap , i have to get bottles . 
  how is that the best solution ? 
  just look at the border between slovenia and croatia to see how hard it is to react to an immediate change in situation . 
  and that border is already an external schengen border . 
  in theory everything that is needed to protect it had to be available already . 
  * might * might not be enough for countries that will receive the asylum seekers that are let through by border countries . 
  because if the country fails to protect its border even with additional funding , we are back at square one . 
  because they ( currently ) do n't have actual law enforcing agents . 
  they are not a supranational border protection agency . 
  they coordinate , analyze and train . 
  that 's about it . 
  they are similar to interpol . 
  which has 750 employees for 190 member countries . 
   how do you guard a naval border against rifts of war refugees without just plainly killing them ? 
  you do n't . 
  you do n't let them continue to where-ever they want to go . 
  and then you sort them out . 
  people who are terrorist suspects or is supporters are taken into custody . 
  people who are eligible for protection will be relocated to other eu countries . 
  people who do n't require protection will be deported . 
  and suddenly you have cut the numbers of asylum seekers in europe in half . 
  because in q2/2015 in the eu28 only 45 % of the asylum decisions were positive . 
  not far-fetched ? 
  for years germany did n't care about refugees because we would just get a couple ten thousand a year . 
  and many of them were relocated back to greece , italy and others . 
  the dublin regulations were a cheap way to force countries to protect their borders . 
  nobody had interest in a common eu approach to protect borders of member countries . 
  nobody outside of countries with external borders even wanted to contribute money to the protection of said borders . 
  and then we create a refugee crisis which will cost us hundreds of billions of euros . 
  and we do that so we can finally pay money to protect eu borders . 
  without the current crisis nobody would care about the state of border control in greece , italy and the like . 
  because not our problem . 
  you have to see the bigger picture and combine the increased border police force with other approaches to find a solution for the crisis . 
  combine the police force with the eu hotspot approach . 
  so they will be registered , thrown into camps , where their applications are processed within a week or two . 
  and everyone who does n't require protection will be deported with the help of frontex . 
  the ones that qualify will be relocated to other eu countries . 
  that alone will relieve plenty of pressure from the systems because suddenly only around 40 % of the current numbers will leave greece . 
  if you are optimistic you can also add the eu-turkish relocation scheme . 
  and suddenly every single person that enters the eu in greece will be brought back to turkey . 
  and it 's probably a good idea to think further ahead than two months . 
  the current refugee crisis wo n't be the last . 
  and if the eu does n't undergo serious changes , the next one will turn out exactly like the current one . 
  yes . 
  it 's all a big conspiracy .
