  except if they are used in these listed cases '' not exactly massive bureaucracy . 
  can you come up with a rough sketch of a regulation that would ensure equal food quality in all eu ? 
  keep in mind that you have to consider differences in ingredients that will not lead to measurable quality differences but might lead to perceived quality differences . 
  for many people food produced with outdoor grown tomatoes has more apparent quality than the same food produced from greenhouse grown tomatoes . 
  you have to consider actual taste differences , like in the ratio of robusta/arabica in coffee . 
  uk sprite has less sugar than at sprite . 
  does coca cola treat brits like eastern europeans ? 
  or are there actual taste differences ? 
  you also have to think about products that are named the same but are different products , e.g. 
  east german j\u00e4gerschnitzel vs. west german j\u00e4gerschnitzel . 
  how would your legislation affect tortillas ? 
  can you sell mexican style tortillas as tortilla or do you have to label them `` not-spanish tortilla '' ? 
  and what would a manufacturer had to do if they actually want to sell a different product . 
  what would be required to make the product distinct enough ? 
  could for example ferrero use the nutella brand at all if they want to sell a product with less hazelnuts in a country ? 
  is it enough to make a `` nutella eastern europe edition '' ? 
  could manufacturers argue that `` eastern europe '' edition is implied because the product is labelled in polish ? 
  and how about not mentioning eastern europe in the product name but naming it `` doktor oetker editione speciale '' which is sold exclusively in eastern europe ? 
  if they would be in the eu they could hire some polish construction workers who still know how to build houses . 
  never . 
  because that 's regulatory overreach that would require a massive load of bureaucracy . 
  suddenly mcdonald 's would have to inform their customers that the coffee they order in france has a different arabic/robusta ratio from coffee they order in a mcdonald 's in germany . 
  because providing a correct listing of ingredients would no longer be enough and the customer has to be told that they are drinking `` mcdonald 's coffee france edition '' and not the `` mcdonald 's coffee germany edition '' the ingredients are already clearly labelled on the box . 
  and nobody will stop you from creating a iseasterneuropeeatinginferiorproducts.pl to inform the public which brands treat them like shit . 
  that 's all that 's necessary to solve this eastern european food crisis . 
  communists who have trust in zentralkomitee to change product ? 
   thats usualy mechanically separated meat do they have `` 100 % filet '' written on the box like in most countries ? 
  then that would be false advertising . 
  you simply get more batter . 
  good fish sticks actually do n't consist of fish waste . 
  because customers wo n't accept that behaviour ? 
  though i might have missed the legislation that forces businesses to sell the same product nation wide . 
   consumers wo n't prefere less meat in product does n't matter as long as they still buy it . 
  and apparently that 's what eastern europeans do . 
  they continue to buy these inferior products . 
  because it 's to inconvenient to not eat inferior fish sticks for a while . 
   it 's pure exploitation and taking advantage of the common market . 
  being able to sell everywhere in the common market is not exploitation , it 's the sole goal of the common market . 
   it 's not the first time when german companies cheat , remeber vw . 
  and we all know they only cheated in eastern europe . 
   they had to address their consumers in the usa , but they did n't do it to consumers here in the eu `` cos it 's vw '' . 
  more like `` cos eu has a very different idea about compensation for wrongdoings than usa '' . 
  if something does n't work as advertised in eu you have to allow the manufacturer to fix it so it works as advertised . 
  that 's not what the single market is for . 
  the single market allows the buyer to buy everywhere in the single market and the seller to sell everywhere . 
  it does n't mean that the buyer has a right to buy every product in his own country . 
  anyway , is the product exclusively labelled in german like basically all food products sold in germany ? 
  if it says `` fish finger '' instead of `` fischst\u00e4bchen '' you are already buying a different product . 
  pure luck . 
  thank you for your service . 
   i think the right angle would be coming after these companies with false advertising , saying that people were lead to believe they buy the same quality they get in germany false advertising is only relevant if the manufacturer would actually advertise something . 
  but they do n't put `` exact same product as sold in germany '' on their box . 
   and that they have to distinct products if they do this dirty trick . 
  is the product exclusively labelled in german ? 
  then it 's the product that is sold in german supermarkets . 
  if it says `` fish fingers '' instead of `` fischst\u00e4bchen '' it 's a different product . 
   once second workplace hears of that it declares that now you will earn 300 $ a month because fuck you - where are you gon na work otherwise . 
  seems like free market right ? 
  and a month later third workplace opens and pays 1000 $ . 
  and everyone will leave the second company . 
  and since people remember what 2nd company did , they wo n't work for 2nd company even when they increase wages again . 
   if competition appears - repeat process . 
  and thats why theres still coca cola and pepsi dominating market - even though its sugared water . 
  great example . 
  two large companies that sell a comparable product for a relative high price compared to the rest of the market . 
  and then there 's like a dozen companies that also have a sizeable part of the cola market , with a product that usually costs way less than coca cola or pepsi . 
  almost like reality is more complicated than your example and businesses ca n't just establish monopolies by selling for less . 
  sure . 
  sanctions because customers stopped buying inferior products and companies therefor started to import the non-inferior stuff . 
  lol -- let 's face it , there will not be legislation that standardises foodstuff in the eu . 
  that 's regulatory overreach , and it requires a massive amount of bureaucracy . 
  in my opinion it would n't even be possible without killing local food varieties as a side-effect . 
  the only way to get rid of these differences is if eastern europe stops to buy things that are supposedly inferior . 
   german fish fingers are larger and so there is smaller number of them . 
  which means that the total surface area of the german fish sticks is smaller . 
  the less often you divide a block the less surface area it has . 
  which means that they need less breading , because breading is applied on all sides . 
  which means that there is relatively more meat per package . 
  i wonder if the difference can be explained with the number of fish sticks in the box . 
  to reach the same packaging weight larger fish sticks require relatively less breading . 
  so there will be relatively more meat per box . 
  german standard fish stick ( 11 per box ) is sized 9 cm x 2.6 cm x 1.1 cm . 
  if you put them next to each other they are 28.6 cm wide . 
  czech box has 15 fish stick , so it 's therefor sized 9 cm x 1.9 cm x 1.1 cm the german fish stick has a surface area of 72.32 cm ^ 2 . 
  the 11 fish stick in the box have a total surface area of ~ 795 cm ^ 2 while the czech fish stick has a surface area of 58.18 cm ^ 2 . 
  so the 15 fish sticks have a total surface area of ~ 872 cm ^ 2 that 's a difference of 10 % . 
  pretty close to the scandalous 12 % difference . 
  and my calculation is with guesstimated sizes and rounding errors . 
  they were on the list of journalists who have no longer access , but they did n't show up , so the federal police did not take their access pass away . 
  did any journalist come forward with reasons ? 
  as far as i remember bka has said that they 'll tell the rejected journalists why their credentials were revoked , if they ask . 
  the beer snobs have arrived . 
  we have tank beer too . 
  do n't expect mushrooms if you order a j\u00e4gerschnitzel in eastern germany . 
   just recently some banks started to give negative interests if you have money on the bank . 
  any banks that actually do this for savings of less than 100,000 $ ? 
  how burglar-proof is your home ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that my bank account is more safe . 
  it 's an invasion !, 
   and defended 9/11 attackers as lawyer apparently http://www.snopes.com/sadiq-khan-video/,
