so they were right . 
  everybody forgot about uk fuck up now . 
  firstly , we are not all parisians !, 
  there is many different ways to * alternative * driving !, 
  secondly , yes , sometimes . 
  it 's just that we drive * differently * . 
  you should see the italians , really . 
  and the british , insisting on driving on the wrong side . 
  if you mean `` under french rule '' , then yes . 
  if not , you probably do not have the level . 
  it 's becoming more and more popular . 
  there is a waiting list now . 
  there is half of uk before you . 
   that are saints compared with most muslims in france most of the muslims i know are what a deist would call a saint , so i imagine they are cool . 
  also , sarkozy is so crooked , your bank account gets drained when you stand in a 500 meters perimeter around him , so no , he is not an option . 
   1 carrier : clemenceau that 's one fucking ridiculous amount of forces for lobsters . 
  thanks :p, 
   hollandes for a second , i though you were putting it on the dutch subs again . 
  otherwise , i agree with you . 
  nice one . 
  do n't you want my delicious lobster ? 
  i 'd rather say that what needs to be done has to be done . 
  make europe france again !, 
  is this even leftism ? 
  prove it and i marry you . 
   able to vote more like `` willing to vote '' . 
  yes , in absolute , iirc , the fn has n't grown as much , or at all in certain cases . 
  my prediction is that the candidate that can mobilize the abstentionists will win . 
  when you go in the wall , you would be better going in to it as slowly as possible . 
  we have stopped to use it , * but it is still there , in the shadows * ... 
  do you have a plan ? 
  perhaps we could help each others ... 
  but as long as we have the guillotine , all will be well . 
  i 'm more on the far left side of the force , and i agree with you . 
  the thing that shock me the most , is the total inability/unwillingness for the left to tackle debates and subjects the far right starts . 
  there is no way of silencing them in a true democracy , and anyway , many people are considering seriously these matters , whatever the mainstream movements think about it . 
  we need to show the people there is an alternative that is more humane and intelligent than raw demagogy . 
  but for this we also need to attack them on every subject they may throw to try and gain momentum . 
  may it be national identity or immigration . 
  edit : grammatical wisdom from an englishman . 
  `` dutch sub '' seems like a good metaphore for many things . 
  did we just created some sort of meme ? 
  oh , yes , it 's not that bad , but it would be better without the englishmen !, 
  in fact , i 'm all for giving your land to our aulde allies !, 
  i had trouble urinating this morning , do you think i just passed a dutch sub ? 
  i did n't take any pictures . 
  but i felt something in my bath this morning , was it one of your sub again ? 
  i saw some strange waves over the seine yesterday , was it you again ? 
  and when you see visitors from other european countries , be kind and friendly to them !, 
  we do n't need a government to be good persons !, 
  i 'm all for this . 
  plus , three kings is obviously better than just one . 
  what have it done to you ? 
  we do not do the indig\u00e8nes de la r\u00e9publique anymore . 
  it was `` bad taste '' , as some said . 
  take the second best choice . 
  if it 's like that , so once again , france is an exception to the rule . 
  i am looking suspiciously at these `` no data '' countries . 
  the empire of france would be happy to count you as a d\u00e9partement d'outre-mer . 
  we have gained the bigger penis casus belli against hungary they are threatening our penises !, 
  show them penial superiority war goal is to shorten their penises by winning battles . 
  you would have voted for balor the fomorian , it would have been less of a fuck up , i think . 
  but as i see it , you more or less had to choose between belial and asmodeus . 
  i beg to differ , but well , it 's ruled on now :(, 
  that 's one hugely shitty system , it seems . 
  we are not happy either you know . 
  i have my guillotine ready for juncker right now , i just hope he 'll pass by my garden . 
  i 'm preparing some sort of guillotine catapult to try and get him from afar . 
  what we need in europe in a revolution , not a disunion !, 
  also , come on , be serious , we have paris , the provence , best wine , best food , even a part of germany and spain . 
  what can you propose for that ? 
  yes , though i think they seems to shoot outside of the uk sometimes . 
  i 'm ready to eat whatever you call food in a public place if you stop this mascarade . 
  behind our face of defiance against you , france do like you , you know . 
  as much as i 'm sure you would like to be us !, 
  well , as far as i know , it 's from bbc wales . 
  doctor who , like everyone else . 
  i agree with you , but i 'm not sure that we have the infrastructure needed for everyone coming here . 
  plus , most of them were headed to uk . 
  on this you are right that they must take what is presented to them . 
  what were you doing during the night between the 9th of october and the 18th of april ? 
  let 's have a bit of hope and say we are taking a step back to jump further ahead . 
  so do we have to go everywhere on bike smoking weed and complaining about anti-liberals ? 
  there was probably a gwenn ha du just outside the view of the camera or behind the wall . 
  bloody celtic imperialism . 
  not for refugees , no . 
  that 's the point of being a refugee in the first place . 
  french version best version . 
  as usual . 
  [ want more on the same page ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmhu-av9or4 ) [ we have a shitload of these !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff5mrdge1xo ) [ oour brothers italians too !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ci3lhynkfo ) itt dump your revolutionnarty songs . 
  i know we are sometime making bad taste jokes about you , but really , we do not hate you , uk . 
  in fact , i love your welsh tv shows !, 
  well , they have to go somewhere . 
  would never have happened under proletarian dictature . 
  the video is cool but i upvoted the pun . 
  yes , give them to the people who made liberty and this statue . 
  you just made half of europe mad at you .
