  i am so french i may well be of turones descent , but there is also the normands , the alsaciens ... and many of immigrant descent . 
  but the culture is very well latin !, 
  in fact , i feel relatively close , culturaly speaking , to italians and spanish . 
  we all do make most of what is good on earth after all . 
  * omg french please *, 
  if you spoke french like everyone , you would not be confused !, 
  same in france , maybe it 's a latin thing . 
  they have to finish what they have started , but i feel it will never really end now . 
  we are mopping us/uk shit :(, 
  remember folks , that 's exactly why we had to guillotine our aristocrats . 
  it 's ... audacious architecture . 
  i thought that was spanish . 
  it 's simple . 
  the fight never ends . 
  and the germans should push their language , it 's beautiful in its own and a bit odd way !, 
  and that 's why english is only 50 % good . 
  that 's what i would do . 
  looks like they want to be in the eu , but while being out of the eu . 
  an iceland ruled by pirates , that would be overly badass . 
  i am not sure i want to do business with peoples who would not return the politeness of learning one another language . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suzwlf_vukg ), 
  perhaps they should speak french , so it would be easier and would not add costs to them . 
  well , if it 's not public , someone has to press charges . 
  i do n't remember a business in france where people spoke english . 
  ruling over waves and things . 
  compared to 17th century , it looks modern , yes . 
  plus english is a shitty language . 
  go scottbro , show him  :(, 
  i 've searched a bit and it seems more or less clearly inscribed in law that discriminating speech is condemned , yes . 
   jews a greedy leaches . 
  i 'm pretty sure you would get slapped if you said something like that in france . 
  eire stronk clay !, 
  my scottish brother is not british !, 
  oh yeah , that 's baby , bring me more . 
  surely we are not the only ones to think about the future , right ? 
  i used to wake up to the smell of fermented sheep , where is it ? 
  do n't you dare hurt european love person !, 
  it is too cute and friendly !, 
  edit : oh i get it now . 
  far-left . 
  pretty much every frenchperson in fact . 
  nop , i threw all of european love person 's magic candies over the channel for my gloomy british friends , sorry :(, 
  hollande is technicaly co-prince of andorre , so sort of aristocracy . 
  it can be whoever you love the most !, 
  that 's great !, 
  it 's non-gendered love and friendship european person !, 
  former vikings are fascinating . 
  i wondered if / r/seddit would be mentioned around here sometimes !, 
  not sure ever , i have not digged into that yet . 
  we already do that with homeless peoples . 
  and this also is still the case in many `` developped '' countries , 
  yes , please . 
  #guillotine !, 
  last time i checked france history , our ancestors spent a long time conquering litteraly all of europe for fun . 
  guillotine is easily the most humane way of killing someone ever practiced in the context of death penalty . 
  and many countries are still applying this kind of penalty with less humane and more archaic ways . 
  oh you know , we did the same our entire history too , but we tend to believe in higher values . 
  of course . 
  when it is needed . 
  [ come on guys !, 
  ] ( http://www.poisson-rouge.info/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/commune-thumb.jpg ), 
  we will see , but if it happens , i expect it strongly from france , where it has always all begun . 
  if we are soviets , we clearly are not enough . 
  thinking about the freedom and sustainance of humanity is not exactly being stuck in the past . 
  and that 's rich compared to the 19th century world other nations seems to seek . 
  all the really free world is . 
  this i do n't know . 
  perhaps british influence . 
  you do n't know what you will be missing . 
  it is also warcrime . 
  perhaps businesses need to be more people friendly . 
  are you trying to reignite the millenium long war of the chocolatine ? 
  which is absolutely not a bad thing . 
  you make it sound like it 's a bad thing ;, 
  two words . 
  azincourt , waterloo . 
  no more wine for you . 
  that 's my thought too . 
  perhaps a true r\u00e9volution europe-wide is possible , who knows . 
  i agree :(, 
  polls say just up the 50 % bar , sadly . 
  more like against the liberal leadership in the eu . 
  barroso and juncker coming in mind almost instantly . 
  do n't be too harsh , there are grand people in uk too , 
  my thought too . 
  also , something like this , yes . 
  he said the uk would never accept to dissolve into an utopic construction , or something like that . 
  meaning they are too proud to accept they need the others to be stronger , i think . 
  what a twiiist !, 
  as usual , the frenchman was right from the beginning . 
  more and more people start to think full employment is a stupid goal anyway . 
  we would be better off by ensuring everybody can have a good level of life independently from that . 
  you are no fun . 
  way to be overpaid for shit . 
  liberalism works !, 
  it 's in the same category as curling in my mind . 
  does somebody gives a shit about weird sports ? 
  #guillotine !, 
  it 's , like , the perfect opposite to a frenchperson . 
  turns out germany have n't changed that much .
