  wait for the r\u00e9volution . 
  i prefer it from the market . 
  `` here , take 155mm of r\u00e9volution up your ass '', 
  we are trapped in a loop of rants about articles about rants !, 
  where do they live ? 
  i 'll go throw parisian pavement at them . 
  this is my home region , and to be honest , besides goat cheese and wine , they will have trouble finding something not made from pork . 
  if they make an article everytime a frenchperson complains , they will never run out of material . 
  this pisses me off . 
  you reassure me !, 
  also , yeah , `` dark of the moon '' is just as bad . 
  `` planet of the earth '' . 
  never seen such a shitty undertitle . 
  i will become * empereur * . 
  and that 's basically this for sarkozy . 
  if he is not elected , justice will fall upon him like the furor of toutatis . 
  you can make nice jokes about his height . 
  * i see what you are trying to do . 
  and believe me , many frenchies do n't want them anyway . 
  r\u00e9volution is no utopia . 
  we should guillotine them at the end of their mandat . 
  oh , so we are not so different , it seems : /, 
  it makes sens. 
  why does iceland always have very weird problems ? 
  it should be . 
  these guys would not like the parisian m\u00e9tro . 
  [ vive la france libre !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suzwlf_vukg ), 
  we are resisting , still waiting for the ghosts of de gaulle and cl\u00e9menceau to free us . 
  it was all a french conspiracy , from the beginning . 
  are you afraid ? 
  we could even make them pay for the next maginot line !, 
  and what if the french empire reunited today ? 
  they come from former british colonies . 
  those who want to come in france do n't go to calais . 
  go catalan people !, 
  unite under the nation of france !, 
  i never heard of it before that affair . 
  so he brewed a nice streisand effect . 
  wait for the next napol\u00e9on !, 
  portugal knows what 's up . 
  cheese , wine and charcuterie . 
  we must co-found this . 
  in tongs , with socks . 
  that 's how they travel . 
  europe is in a very liberal pass , and it is something badly seen in france , to resume quickly . 
  militaries have orders to follow . 
  christians are brainwashed . 
  ravachol is not dead after all ? 
  first , baguettes , then wine . 
  #guillotine !, 
  be strong italibros :(, 
  while i would happily go for a roast just now , it is just humour , do n't worry :p, 
  that is what all the peoples who are not fn supporters will do , even some of those who voted for le pen in the first tour , i think . 
  i think if it comes to a second tour with sarkozy and le pen , something will just blow up and we will have another r\u00e9volution . 
  i think even then she would not win . 
  i knew british would eat just anything , but i thought germans had better taste . 
  it 's gon na chier !, 
  you are all very misguided !, 
  we are actually celebrating the birthday of napol\u00e9on bonaparte !, 
  it 's actually possible :p, 
  remember this wonderful time when a free french army detachment went to take back saint pierre et miquelon , and the american shat on them for this ? 
  our best allies , i say . 
  many were forcefully enlisted . 
  this basically nails it . 
  but it 's not for them . 
  a left wing government in france ? 
  if only ... 
  sorry for founding the ue . 
  tours . 
  it 's tours with an s. i 'm sorry , it 's my home city , i 'm a bit offended when it is not correctly orthographied . 
  what would be nice is if peoples who understands nothing of our problems could just refrain from trying to give shitty advices . 
  unholy shit !, 
  the d\u00f6ner in france does not have this kind of knives , they use little disc slicers or smaller knives . 
  guess they are less hardcore than in germany . 
  i laughed , hard . 
  i bet on pure randomness . 
  i would say that the liberalism that the british cherish is not very welcome here . 
  we are doing well for a country with no money . 
  what really downs us is politicians who think they can rule france using british politics . 
  i 'm not even sure we want people working in finance anymore . 
  oh my gods , the queen is radicalised !, 
  assimilation does work in france . 
  i have met countless muslim peoples you would not differenciate from other french citizens , besides the fact that they prefer merguez over chipolata at the bbq . 
  but , unfortunately , there is a misery build up in some suburbs , and it does make some people feel isolated , and they try hard to give meaning to their life . 
  many do it in a more or less peaceful way , some others do not . 
  islamic fundamentalism is just an enabler . 
  so england is back being europe 's biggest threat ? 
  you got a goldy and concubiny point . 
  not even loot roma once or twice ? 
  to remember the good times ? 
  in fact , we warned pretty much everyone that it will end in a shitstorm . 
  so i can safely assume you must be a great country . 
  first this , and next , a great pan-celtic nation that will conquer england and italia as revenge . 
  that 's very sad for a wonderful country like yours . 
  we have many places where you can execute bad rulers here , you can use them as you please . 
  just notify us a week before , we may need them soon . 
  i , myself , hope we have another revolution before that . 
  yes . 
  probably not , i am not really the fighting type .
