  well done . 
  that 's too high . 
  putin is buying a lot of crap recently . 
   jean-claude lacote ( french ) is wanted for the murder of british tourist marcus john mitchell in may 1996 . 
  the hundred years war will never be over . 
  we have * many * types of bread as well !, 
  the classic baguette is mainly a staple bread , and many are regional specialities . 
  why did you gave it away :( now i have to make him disappear . 
  and imagine if someone manages to break into . 
  i have no idea of something similar in france , it 's strange to me . 
  you could even be condemned for this kind of speech . 
  there is an old pagan ritual around the making of rillettes , you ca n't just apply a recipe and hope for the best , the gods of yore must be on your side to guide your hand !, 
  plus it 's made with vouvray wine . 
  same as france , i 'm puzzled at these stats . 
  i got the same reflexion , looks very strange to me . 
  we can still shoot down canada . 
  that 's some good , luxury grade snow . 
  do you export ? 
  that may even be the best reason for the union to exist . 
  3000 tries at bread , and not a single chef-d'\u0153uvre . 
  no , you do n't get to have rillettes in your country . 
  i am from touraine , and our high council of charcuterie decides that on a global scale . 
  you may have some ersatz , but not the real thing . 
  i 'm pretty sure we were secretly blackmailed for the loi travail . 
  please , tell me it 's closed today . 
  christianism ? 
  reichpublique ? 
  i did n't knew that one . 
  nice cultural exchange !, 
  nationalisation is the way . 
   stir anger in germany well looks like we do n't give a fuck . 
  here you have your stakhanov . 
  smoke . 
  smoke and wine . 
  that 's what jeanne calment did until the end . 
  #guillotine !, 
   elizabeth bathory  vlad the impaler do not fuck with eastern europe . 
  sorry germany :(, 
  we can still shoot down the plane carrying the guy . 
  to be fair , while i understand the judge and the case , i 'm pretty shocked they make their children visit religious estabishments as well . 
  there is french variants of almost all of this . 
  we should all , by ourselves , organise referendums , looks like it would have the same value . 
  at least we wo n't bother them doing so . 
  perhaps it 's one guy . 
  [ paris can into boat . 
  ] ( http://data-cache.abuledu.org/full/blason-de-paris-50f2187c.svg ), 
  they just started on something stronger . 
  or a majority of citizens , shits like that . 
  flemish are the new british , it seems . 
  are you even remotely surprised ? 
  that 's how they are and have always been . 
   federal government speaking about france . 
  they do n't know shit about anything , you can go home now . 
  i beg to differ . 
  it can be if you unpair work and employment . 
  i 'd be happy to work my ass off for something i really want , and not only my employer wealth . 
  funny how i 'd remember more of karl marx than einstein for germany . 
  also , funny to see that many people who lived in france . 
  to be fair , i 'm also extremely pissed off about protected products that are insufficiently protected too . 
  eastern europe is of gender equality . 
  we are about the politics of the satellite europa . 
  plus , we more or less gave it away intentionally . 
  no , we still have point-\u00e0-pitres , noum\u00e9a and cayenne !, 
  well , we have n't lost that many colonies since then so ... 
  so belgium and switzerland do n't exist ? 
  they did , but now they are tainted with * shopkeepery * . 
  hell * no * . 
  works so good in ireland . 
  we have a very fine palate , we drink wine , beer , whisky , as long as it 's good enough for us . 
  not anymore . 
  they are * british * . 
  in france , i 'd prefer countryside not too far from a big city . 
  countryside is heaven here . 
   whisky drinkers i can confirm , but there is many things we do well when we are finished :(, 
  there is a good reason we pick an accent you wo n't understand . 
  well , here you see our biggest secret . 
  we speak all of your barbarian languages , but we do n't want to . 
  which will totally help them keeping afloat . 
  go wallonie , save us from evil !, 
  itt super wallon saves europe !, 
  [ does this count ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/23p5vjk1rvu ), 
  fuck canada , wallonie just won for us , it seems . 
  we have our pride . 
  much of the wallons i know do not really have an accent . 
  they insist more on the r perhaps . 
  but they do use vocabulary rarely used or absent in our french , septante and nonante , in place of soixante dix and quatre-vingts dix , being the best exemple , i think . 
  it 's more or less the same with francophones from switzerland . 
  but wallonie is basically a region of france at this point . 
  to be fair he 's not bad at all at this . 
  let 's negociate in occitan . 
  faire wallonie grande encore !, 
  apparently , in 2017 , [ it will happen in france too . 
  ] ( https://www.opnminded.com/2016/03/31/burning-man-france-festival-evenement.html ) but there is a shitload of festivals around europe whole summer . 
  victory . 
  i do n't know either . 
  my guess is , take moscow , perhaps up to the oural , then let the rest of russia , which i imagine is basically tribesmen until you find vladivostok , struggle for itself . 
  but seeing as it is always a huge clusterfuck , i 'd just make peace with them and leave them be . 
  do you read anything besides the sun ? 
  i won this battle in a video game some times ago , so really we had our revenge .
