  funny how it looks like he does n't understand how a socialized economy works . 
  username checks out . 
  but it 's true , i myself left my pays for paris . 
  in france we say * le * brexit . 
  it 's masculine , but masculine is used `` by default '' for undetermined . 
  [ vive la france !, 
  like you and everyone else it seems . 
  consanguinity , i choose you !, 
  poor them . 
  but the guillotine is more humane !, 
  and it 's reusable ad infinitum , while when a bullet is gone , it 's gone . 
  why no love for france , portugal or spain ? 
  or so many of our eastern friends ? 
  they are going to miss all the good saucisson and p\u00e2t\u00e9 . 
  [ i mean this . 
  ] ( http://assets.merriam-webster.com/mw/images/gallery/gal-home-edpick-lg/top-10-words-from-peoples-names-guillotine-251@1x.jpg ), 
  * looks at his blady wooden edifice . 
  i take note of your wisdom , it will serve me next time i 'm in germany !, 
   better smaller brands perhaps that 's just what i need to enjoy german beers !, 
  if you have names , give it me now !, 
  some were made temples of reason during the revolution . 
  even if it 's an historical building , we can get rid of the cancer inside . 
  well cuisine wise they are similar to us , to be honest . 
  but , i 'm sorry for your beery tradition , i prefer belgian beers :( not that yours are bad or anything , they just do n't taste the same . 
  i tend to like french and british beers to !, 
  it may just be a matter of culture . 
  like there was an invisible frontier with different beer tastes across it . 
  only thing ? 
  ever heard of the best beers in the world ? 
  also , belgian cuisine is pretty famous in general . 
  haha !, 
  actually it 's believed to be coming from the vall\u00e9e de la meuse , which is in france as well as in belgium . 
  there will always be backward peoples . 
  once religions are finished dying , they will naturally disappear . 
  or i hope , at least . 
  yes , we are very gay in our every day life !, 
  also , we are gay . 
  i 'd be happy to unity the fries makers under the banner of france !, 
  that 's very good !, 
  i wish we had this in france . 
   ( seriously nothing for uk ) dutch knows what 's up . 
   merkelreich  neuberlin i am wildly triggered by this . 
  lol 9/11, 
  i see english people is going well . 
  in a basket . 
  good . 
  #guillotine !, 
  in france , we have `` le trou qui fume '' , translated `` the hole that smokes '' . 
  it 's not a volcano but the name of yours just reminded me of it . 
  i do hope you name your volcanoes this way . 
  could make me go on a trip . 
  [ well , it was about time . 
  we will have to stop this invasion one way or another . 
  looks like a pointy italy . 
  `` spoiled foreigner '' made me cringe . 
  it 's because of aulde alliance , i think . 
  this is great !, 
  europe 's politics sure are interesting and intelligent these times . 
  do you want us to liberate you ? 
  he is doing a rather good job of it himself . 
  you are the good part of belgium !, 
  if the ratp was 100 % public and financed by taxes , i 'd take it more often . 
  yes , but they did nonetheless . 
  every capital should be good , i think . 
  though paris christmas market is something to see . 
  it 's a fact that they won the war in the east front though . 
  i would not call it more heroic than a huge mess though . 
  it 's basically a map of where hipsters go on vacations . 
  i always thought wallons were honorary ch ` timis . 
  that 's better than most !, 
  i 'm hungry too , now :(, 
  * r\u00e9volution permanente !, 
  ours are followed by trip to europe you know . 
  everyone has his thing . 
  what have they done to you ? 
  not automatically speaking your language ? 
  we will only treat you as bad as you treat us !, 
  `` hey mamie !, 
  i just dug up 300 $ ! '', 
  they are always like that , also , they love their comic sans . 
  it 's regular-sized but all soft for some reason . 
  hey !, 
  belgians are cool !, 
  they make chocolate and beer !, 
  also fries , but it 's really us and them both . 
  now is a good time for a r\u00e9volution , guys . 
  looks like a painting !, 
  i love this kind of posts . 
  and looks like the heart is the alps . 
  looks like a natural metaphore to me :p, 
  looks like a blood system . 
  it 's pretty magnificient . 
  that happened in france in the past !, 
  some companies here started to work 4 days a week for the same pay . 
  i hope this kind of things starts generalise !, 
  way better than francfort !, 
  i laughed . 
  my exact thought :p, 
  that 's a good thing , as i see it . 
  well , that 's way better that francfort .
