  no , i believe in professional armies . 
  absolutely not . 
  if it was way shorter , let 's say three months , perhaps less , i would think of it . 
  i have a very bad back and poor sight :( 6 . 
  i work in computer technology , so there is that . 
  i know my way around i biochemistry lab , too . 
  i would sacrifice to camulos and andarta so you guys can go in naked . 
  and believe that french people is not thrilled . 
  and what about [ rosnay ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_de_transmissions_de_la_marine_nationale_de_rosnay ) !, 
  there is problems with the camp , it 's old news , we know it happens , but it 's absolutely not as bad as she says . 
  most of the problems are relative to mistreatments to the refugees , in fact . 
  but hey , after the brexit they will all be free to go to england , like they all seem to want . 
  well , i 'm not from calais but i know some people there , and i never heard that kind of stories . 
  the peoples i know who read it , have did so they can see how the shitstorm , was born , basically . 
  also , there is nothing wrong in trying to understand opinions you are opposed to . 
  i really think that is the cause of success of the book today . 
  i answered elsewhere in this thread . 
  france is still as nice to visit as ever . 
  although with the strikes , you could have a train or plane cancelled , and your experience in the metro could be worse than usual . 
  this is a mix of very different things . 
  i have seen images from riots about israelo-palestinian conflict , some riots about the loi travail , some about other things . 
  french people are very prone to protest , as in the clich\u00e9 . 
  and revolutionnary spirit is ever present . 
  this often leads to spectacular riots , but it 's localised in some streets in paris or province , when it happens . 
  paris is still cool headed and a cool place to live in and to visit . 
  although the province is better !, 
  source : i live in paris . 
  this film is fantastic , loved to see it in norwegian with subtitles . 
  you just gave me cancer . 
  oh yes i do . 
  destroying the current treaties is the right way to save the eu from collapsing . 
  i always wonder why people say m\u00e9lenchon is anti-eu . 
  he is against the actual form of the union , the form that lead it to ruin , if anything , he wants to save it . 
  the only viable solution . 
  europeans whose economies have been spoiled by germany , unite !, 
  we tend to fuck like rabbits , also , social state . 
  it was already time a hundred years ago , when the spirit of the commune de paris was still alive . 
  just think about it . 
  an european union sharing it 's resources and products of work through anarcho-communism . 
  we could settle the stars !, 
  would be infinitely better to just seize the means of production though . 
  in fact , it 's `` r\u00e9siste '' . 
  rise , rebel , resist !, 
  you do n't have to read her program though , she is a fucking brown shirt and should be treated this way . 
  in france , it 's very frequent , as said elsewhere . 
  alternatively free world . 
  watch us . 
  for them , no chance it will work . 
  go full socialism . 
  i forgot they existed . 
  you can keep them , really . 
  add the program of the cnr and mai 68 , i think it qualifies . 
  if they do n't give you rights , just take it . 
  maybe there is a bundle on sale on steam . 
  i think it 's more like part five now . 
  of course !, 
  and chassepot rifles !, 
  that 's nothing , wait for the r\u00e9volution against the bourgeoisie . 
  poor things . 
  the cnt could have done it :(, 
  and we still have elites to murder today . 
  i think a lot of uk citizens are coming to france to kill themselves . 
  they have to live next to flanders . 
  this . 
  you are a mad man , if we do that , we will not be able to break the speed limit anymore . 
  in france , we have a really unique definition of `` following the law '' . 
  i 've heard tales of the italians on the road . 
  it is tales of barbary and war , massacres and tortures . 
  i do not wish to see it . 
  #all glory to the social-pope !, 
  french peoples on the road tend to be exactly what you would expect from a gallo-latin people . 
  driving is like some sort of mad max like battle in paris , it 's slightly less agressive outside the capital . 
  #can ' t stenchon the m\u00e9lenchon !, 
  unsuprisingly , france is among the highest in western europe . 
  i was going for homophobia bt right-wing economics are a guillotine worthy subject too . 
   lr will stop him doing anything too bad nop , more like the huge strikes that will be all over france if he tries anything . 
  we already know of all of this , plus more . 
  so he is a sarthois . 
  * then he is my worst ennemy . 
  first part of plan achieved . 
  no wonder they never launched any space rockets . 
  metric system is superior , abandon all hope , you will be assimilated . 
  if they directly asked french people , i wonder how it 's so high . 
  remember when the `` free world '' was relatively okay with fascism ? 
  the 2 % in france are sarkozy alone . 
  #of course !, 
  i puked in my mouth a little . 
  we already speak mainly french , but it does n't stop them from trying . 
  most of them do n't even speak french ... we already had a pair of those coming by , they did n't get a warm welcome . 
  that may be due to fricadelles . 
  i think her only chance to win is if she is against sarkozy on the second tour . 
  this needs a good guillotinage . 
  anarchy, 
  like in the commune de paris . 
  we need real socialism , not flexibullshit . 
  france has been renewed at the lib\u00e9ration in 1945 thanks to the program of the cnr . 
  since then , it has been a long procession of regression to full capitalism . 
  this one is the same . 
  a very good guy . 
  dude , i do n't remember the last time i saw a military ...
