  in every event around the glob , there is a gwenn ha du . 
  germans do love their squares . 
  this will be in brest , france , after the r\u00e9volution . 
  this is real soft power , guys . 
  yeah , some are like this . 
  majority of savoy is very ok with being french though . 
  the whole south is occupied !, 
  you are a person who likes danger . 
  i respect that . 
  you are lucky i 'm not from the south . 
  i suffered the proven\u00e7ale cultural imperialism , though . 
  they used to ban pig too ? 
  they may have abandonned that because of the millenii spanning tradition of the gallic people consisting of making saucisson and rillettes . 
  it 's by far my preferred answer . 
  did you tried drinking ros\u00e9 wine to summon the sun ? 
  it 's an ancient ritual . 
  i thought it was speaking about behemoth ... 
  ah , i see that reason is progressing well . 
  i 'd like to throw something similar on a church , do n't know what though . 
  fat on a friday ? 
  meat on a thursday ? 
  guillotine !, 
  oh , i tend to like our coffee , but i never order cappuccino so i ca n't really say . 
  we are more about expresso . 
  is it true you guys evolved to be upside down , so you can walk on the other side of earth ? 
  a real pillar of the union . 
  we are so low because we also drink a shitload of whisky . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's how jeanne calment lived so long . 
  why do you guys hate love ? 
  they could go further . 
  i recommand them to see what bernard friot has to propose . 
  yes , but a centre de d\u00e9tention is more like a real prison , i think . 
  though i 'm not really up to date on this subject . 
  we have a reputation to hold !, 
  yeah , it 's basically a road pedallo . 
  but it does the job pretty well . 
  riding a renault clio since i ca n't fucking remember and no problem besides riding in paris . 
  must be lucky :p, 
  oh , the name of the thing is confusing . 
  why do they have a prison specifically full of algerian citizens ? 
  in france we put cointreau in it , usually . 
  we are so low because we drink wine instead . 
  you are welcome :d, 
  you have a warped sense of `` fixing '' . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  well , and i thought france 's politics were particularly fucked up . 
  the guillotine still has it 's success . 
  the british . 
  we have it too i think . 
  ever wondered how many things english people take credit for actually come from scottland ? 
  my bet is a shitload . 
  i demand our auld allies to be attached to us !, 
  next time , try trotskism . 
  this ca n't be :(, 
  let 's say ... yes . 
  we can lend you some guillotines . 
  nothing burns , that 's not a real protest . 
  more than enough . 
  * have you ever seen a boar ? 
  * but there is n't fences on every train tracks . 
  what i 've seen in my region is often a high mound with the tracks on top and a tunnel underneath , though it 's more often in the fields . 
  and we have a shitload of those fomorian creatures , believe me . 
  have you ever seen a boar ? 
  i 'm sure it 's more boar hitting train than the other way . 
  we are cool guys like that . 
  if you just take ex-colonies , you would look at most of the top half of africa , lebanon , syria , quebec , vietnam , usa ( for a huge part anyway ) , maybe some more i 'm not aware of . 
  or you could take another way to it and say that the francophonie would become more of a political alliance , and the list is [ here . 
  just imagine if france did that . 
  another vehicle pushed over by a boar . 
  i hope the train is ok . 
  lol michel t ` es con !, 
  thanks for the laugh !, 
  we call that sport `` p\u00e9tanque '' in france , refering to the position you assume while playing it . 
  looks like a very interesting weather to me . 
  we had almost the same in france recently . 
  it , like , kick you in the balls and throw you a bucket of iced water to wake you up . 
  you would have to come here if you want to taste the true ancestral art of alcoholic beverage . 
  perhaps we should just put migrants on a boat and land them somewhere on their coasts , so we could have a laugh . 
  i do n't know how things are going in the media on their side of the atlantic , but something seems sketchy . 
   take out the middle man like the government this is what makes it shit . 
  i understand , do n't worry , my scottish brother . 
  i was brewing the same but you posted first !, 
  no problem , but i must say i was confused for a second !, 
  looking at ceta , i am not sure i would cry if we lost the respect of canadians , to be fair . 
  it is not xenophobic , it 's litteraly how it happened . 
  the pugnacious bretons . 
  or the irascible normands . 
  or the war-forged people of r\u00e9gion centre . 
  or the tenacious people of alsace-lorraine . 
  you never stop the fisc . 
  there is a fair chance they are actually trying to bring her back from antumnos using dark magic . 
  seems like reddit do n't like art :(, 
  it 's truly magnificient !, 
  that 's yours to do , dude , 
  o7 o7 o7, 
  i agree to the difference , but i think they are equally dangerous peoples . 
  there is also this one . 
  there is also a more modern version with a capitalist instead of a king . 
  good thing he got it too . 
  the french people is of many descent .
