  we have been so vindicated for not wanting to adopt the euro . 
  hell no !, 
  some of it pays for palestinian terrorism . 
  motive unknown, 
  turkey will never be in the eu . 
  and of course they blame da joos !, 
  yes , people who 's only news sources are rt and sputnik . 
  he is actually a seljuk . 
  does anyone still doubt that russians invaded ukraine ? 
  the mainlanders are taking their burqa bans to the next logical step . 
  that 's what happens when our goverments act in such a reckless and irresponsible manner . 
  police state is acting like a police state . 
  do n't be so gullible . 
  no hard feelings , we ended up keeping the falklands and northern ireland . 
  you should n't have given up your nukes . 
  you should go to grammar school . 
  what does n't violate eu 's over bearing regulations ? 
  hopefully it can offset the lost revenue from falling tourism . 
  why does my tea taste funny ? ... shite . 
  im not trying to convince the skirts not to gain independence . 
  i am just reminding them of their rightful place before they have to be forcibly put in their place . 
  if they leave where would we store our nukes ? 
  good thing wanting independence and being able to attain independence are n't the same . 
  and the skirt wearers think they can become independent . 
  ukraine will make a fine addition to nato . 
  you have discovered my secret plan for nuclear apocalypse, 
  not really . 
  i thought that frogs were good swimmers , but no golds in swimming . 
  not sorry . 
  just pull an israel and do not confirm nor deny . 
  no , they are counted . 
  and the yanks biggest mistake was not nuking moscow and st petersburg after they nuked japan . 
  true , but modern day italy is not rome . 
  i came close to vomiting . 
  russia is the successor of the soviet union . 
  no amount of white washing of russias crimes can change this , ivan . 
  if you like to be in a bubble i suggest r/russia were any criticism of mother russia no matter how valid or true is banned on sight . 
  really , blaming american teens for this, 
  the continentals are regulating fashion . 
  that is full retard . 
  thank god we voted to leave that insane asylum . 
  punching the alien was genius . 
  and your vile attempt to diminish russian crimes is nauseating . 
  the butthurt baltics should be happy they were given the privilege of being raped and pillaged by the soviets . 
  so ungrateful . 
  better dead than red , comrade . 
  the mainlanders are going full retard with their clothing regulations . 
  an islamist country is hostile towards transsexuals . 
  that was rome not italy . 
  how many hours a day do you spend posting propaganda ? 
  disable addblocker , no thanks . 
  and to think that i will miss a great opportunity to take a shite on ivan . 
  no one is '' #fuckrussia '' here . 
  maybe you should #buggeroff . 
  brilliant , do n't apologize . 
  baltics and poland need nukes . 
  america will pivot to east asia and the uk will not fight for baltics unless america fights with us . 
  the rest of nato will probably blame the baltics and poland for `` poking the bear '' . 
  yea , freedom is one thing that americans got right . 
  unless you consider freedom of expression important to quality of life . 
  and quality of life is substantially higher in america than it is in italia . 
  wales , because i am fond of sheep . 
  the new europe . 
  thank god we voted to leave that sinking ship . 
  and just like in the those dark times the united kingdom stubbornly soldiers on . 
  i 'm not sure what fb post you are referring to . 
  although , we do have plenty of humourless cunts so i do n't find it hard to believe . 
  i 'm not implying that you personally were triggered . 
  but many of my continental freinds ( who at times can be humorless cunts ) were triggered by this tweet . 
  maybe she went with the empire because she knows it triggers humourless cunts . 
  european militarily traditions have really gone to shite . 
  the whole thing was a joke . 
  i think you are reading too much into it . 
  european militarily traditions have become rather pathetic . 
  meh , un can ban whatever they want , but have no mechanisms for enforcement . 
  additionally , they are to reliant on me oil money to issue such a ban . 
  how about an eu wide ban ? 
  the eu was a goid idea but as long as muppets like junker occupy the top echelons of the eu the uk should not be part of the eu . 
  they need to ban grenades . 
  i am so glad we voted to leave this sinking ship . 
  what a bunch of muppets, 
  we will only become weaker . 
  no , the burgers make better pizza than italia . 
  but if they tried that stunt with fish and chips we would be having a different conversation . 
  same here . 
  i ca n't beleive people actually vote for this imbecile . 
  why do russian shills always accuse others of being shills ? 
  perhaps it is your own projections . 
  brit checking in . 
  happily downvoted you . 
  `` choosing '', 
  if something was going to be done about the jungle it would have been done along time ago . 
  not fair . 
  ivan has serbia and belarus standing next to him . 
  ca n't blame anyone that is educated for wanting to leave that islamic dictatorship . 
  this is a normal brain http://www.allhealth.com.au/files/sj79344y0f/def-06.jpg this is a brain on sputnik/rt https://i2.wp.com/kizie.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/simpson-brain.jpg?zoom=2, 
  edge lords tend to be downvoted . 
  i know that is not the purpose of the up/down voting system , but it is what it is . 
  they use the blood of their neighbors to make their passover bread . 
  this article is blatant propaganda .
