  you are going to ~ ~ gulag ~ ~ re-education camp , comrade . 
  poland can into house of cards . 
  that is the most asinine comment i have read all day . 
  now you just added the cold war . 
  that makes your comment less ridiculous . 
  anyways , uavs were used during ww2 . 
   why has n't military technology surpased ww2 standards ? 
  seriously ? 
  ok , but only after we leave . 
  the channel was created because of rising seas , not * luck * . 
  they were invited by lithuania so i would not consider that , `` sticking it 's arse where it does n't belong '' . 
  as for the russian invasion part , america is the main reason why that has n't happened . 
  there is plenty of islands in the mediterranean that can serve this purpose . 
  the syrian civil was will not last forever and they can stay in the refuge/detention center ( s ) until the conflict is resolved . 
  will never happen . 
  especially an eu dominated by germany . 
  as if his russian ethnicity makes his statement untrue . 
  you put them in a detention center until they can be deported to their county of origin . 
  because the eu can not even wipe its own arse much less build a wall . 
  erdocunt knows this and is taking full advantage . 
  i ca n't say i blame him . 
  luck did n't create the royal navy . 
  so true . 
  the real pitty is that the yanks did not nuke the reds after they finished curb stomping japan . 
  they could have saved the world half a century of cold war . 
  if ifs and buts were candy and nuts, 
  there is no excuse for singapore , but at least london was not occupied unlike paris . 
  they really were n't . 
  that 's why they surrendered . 
  get it all out mate . 
  i know the frogs hate to be reminded of their surrender . 
  half way across the world , bigger problems closer to mainland uk . 
  anyways , poster was talking about hitler , not tojo . 
  if france was n't such a weak country british forces would n't have been needed in france at the time . 
  our mistake was overestimating the fighting ability of the french . 
  european countries subsidizing islamists . 
  in other news the sun still rises in the east . 
  excuse me , but we were not `` crushed '' by the jerries . 
  we all know who the true surrender monkeys are . 
  he sounds like a soft spoken dandy . 
  except the kurdish ones, 
  even the anti capitalist loons copy americans . 
  ca n't europeans at least try to be somewhat original ? 
  i thought it was pretty funny . 
  russiya can into superhero knockoff, 
  brutal police state acts like a brutal police state . 
  in other news , the sun still rises in the east . 
  wrong sub, 
  you fookin wot m8, 
   yeah . 
  froggers like montesquieu , la rochefoucauld and * machiavelli * ivan , machiavelli was not a frogger . 
  maybe you should try reading a history book some time . 
  alexander hamilton  the rest . 
  that 's game . 
  it 's a pity their plot failed . 
  jefferson was a boss . 
  we europeans should learn from him . 
  yes, 
  far right veiws him as the whites race 's saviour from usa/jewish imposed multiculturalism and white genocide . 
  the far left creams their britches when comrade putin says the fall of the soviet union was the greatest tragedy of the 20th century . 
  they should be increased . 
  they must have very strong convictions and nerves of steel . 
  no , that is easily the most retarded question i 've read all day . 
  why are the southern europeans so useless ( for lack of a better word ) ? 
  the kremlin trolls are always on the prowl . 
  do n't drag us into it , m8 . 
  what a high quality post . 
  i 'm surprised it has n't been uploaded more . 
   the 31-year-old knifeman , who is said to be mentally-ill , attacked the officer riiiight ... 
  send all the migrants to germoney and sweden . 
  it 's clear that ee is not up to their standards . 
  using the free time to study to enhance your skills would be a wise decision . 
  that would be a very bad personal finance decision . 
   if the job payed slightly more than bring at home i 'm not exactly sure what you are trying to say . 
  can you please clarify ? 
  so lazy . 
  if i was unemployed i would not give up searching for work . 
  let 's see if the jerries bend over for erdogan again . 
  the mainlanders are sometimes in need of a propper tongue lashing . 
  there was many things to indicate that the warsaw pact might collapse . 
  a soviet union with a decaying economy as well as perestroika and glasnost were very strong indicators that the days of the su and warsaw pact were coming to an end . 
  many things can change very rapidly , but their is nothing to indicate that turkey joining the eu will be one of those things . 
  the eu is an impotent bureaucracy barely capable of wiping its own arse , much less kicking out the uk . 
  sorry , but we should never apologize for putting our self-interest above that of the interests of the eu and its various member states . 
  your personal * conception of british people * is of little importance to myself , or most other british people . 
  it 's a very complicated situation that requires further discussion , and planning . 
  the people who think brexit will happen overnight are quite misinformed , or perhaps delusional . 
  i wonder why no one thought of asking them before . 
  merkel is a genius . 
  i would not be surprised is she stays in office for 4 more terms . 
  sorry , but we are not sorry . 
  we will leave when we are ready . 
  if that hurts you , than you will have to deal with it . 
  i say good day , sir . 
  we will invoke article 50 when we are good and ready . 
  good day , sir . 
  we will leave when we are good and ready . 
  we will continue to complain for as long as eu is going full retard . 
  i am glad to clear up any confusion for you . 
  the eu was a noble expirement , but as long as merkel and her ilk continue to run the eu , the uk should have no part in it .
