they are constantly trying to seceded and be their own country . 
  that is a loud of bullocks . 
  a secession bill has not been introduced into the texas legislature in over a hundred years . 
  there might be a few branch davidians type cunts that want secession , but that is about it . 
  your other points are irrelevant . 
  they are afraind of upsetting the migrants . 
  sorry , but capitalism will always win and the bums will always lose . 
  texas is the murica of america . 
  these continentals were in need of propper banter . 
  i knew it . 
  we are better than ireland at everything . 
  why should we care about refugees when we are not taking them in ? 
  are you the grammar police ? 
  regardless of who enacted them , left wing policies are responsible for greece becoming a beggar state . 
  i am sorry if that does not fit your narrow world view . 
  it 's not * whataboutism * . 
  i was merely trying to compliment our neighbors . 
  if the * conservatives * enacted left wing policies than they were n't really conservative now where they . 
  we are good at selling arms and you lads are good at tax evasion . 
  we all have something we 're good at . 
  because jobs are good . 
  greece became a beggar state because of left wing governments who kept spending more than they could afford . 
  especially on pensions and other entitlements . 
  because they employ british citizens . 
  meh , as long a may does n't start imposing the death penalty for adultery , i 'll be good . 
  why should n't we profit from middle eastern geo politics ? 
  that is utter nonsense . 
  if that were true thousands of muslims from the russian federation would not have joined isis . 
  first , the yanks beat us in rio , now they beat us in weapon sales . 
  i 'm sorry , but your comment does not make very much sense . 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  and why is that a problem ? 
  israel represents european colonialism to self hating leftist . 
  that 's why they will always excuse islamic terrorism on jews . 
  you do n't have to believe that hispanics will flock to hilary clinton . 
  you do n't have to believe that trump will win a lower percentage of the hispanic vote than any other gop candidate in recent history . 
  i guess we 'll just have to wait for the election results . 
  that is not my assertion . 
  we have been over that already . 
  leftwing politics has turned greece into a beggar state . 
  that is correct . 
  i moved to houston almost 5 years ago for a career opportunity and some freedom . 
  lol , good one.tx . 
  hundreds . 
  i live in a state with close to 40 % hispanic population . 
  nonsense . 
  many hispanics have illegal immigrants family members . 
  most hispanics have illegal immigrant friends/coworkers/acquaintances . 
  i thought we went over this already . 
  it 's more like a beggar being upset because you only gave him 5 quid instead of 10 . 
  calling hispanic peoples friends and family members rapists murderers and drug pushers will send them to hilary . 
  how can you not see this ? 
  isis has spread to pakistan and afghanistan . 
  it more than just a sunni arab problem . 
  not a leftist , but please explain how i took that out of context . 
  legal hispanics do not necessarily want open borders but calling their friends and family members murderers , rapist , and drug traffickers is a great way to push them into the arms of hillary . 
  i am only saying the truth . 
  many hispanics have illegal family members and most have friends or acquaintances that are illegal . 
  if you want to conflate that with racism than so be it . 
  i am only saying the truth . 
  many hispanics have illegal family members and most have friends or acquaintances that are illegal . 
  if you want to conflate that with racism than so be it . 
  you do n't have to believe the polls . 
  you do n't have to use common sense . 
  if you want to believe that trump is helping the gop with hispanic voters that is your prerogative . 
  because many hispanics have illegal family members . 
  because mist hispanics have freinds , coworkers , or acquaintances that are illegal . 
  when trump attacks illegals he is attacking their family and friends . 
  many legal hispanics have illegal family members and most legal ones have some sort of relations with illegals . 
  when trump attacks illegals he is attacking the freinds and family if legal hispanic immigrants . 
  you come off as a krokodil addict . 
  your addiction consumes you . 
  no , but trump is polling in the low 20s among hispanics . 
  he less popular than gwb , mccain , and romney . 
  he has the lowest rating of a gop candidate since the 2000 elections . 
  the gop is hemorrhaging hispanic voters . 
  it is very accurate to say he is pushing hispanics away . 
  romney won 27 % oh hispanics and mccain won 36 % . 
  trump will be lucky to even win 24 % . 
  gwb received 40 % of the hispanic vote in 2004 . 
  trump is polling at 20 % with hispanics . 
  trump is actually closer to 20 % among hispanics . 
  http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-updates-1472827916-htmlstory.html https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/plum-line/wp/2016/09/02/if-this-new-poll-is-right-trump-is-absolutely-shredding-the-gop-brand-with-latinos/?utm_term=.9bad06efde84 http://www.nbcnews.com/news/latino/new-poll-shows-trump-s-problems-latino-voters-won-t-n642011, 
  anti immigration rhetoric . 
  wanting to repeal or reinterpret the 14th amendment . 
  that is exactly what trump is doing . 
  we need to fast track our exit . 
  texas is going to be a democratic state if republicans keep pushing the hispanics into the arms of the democrats . 
  texas is already 40 % hispanic and hispanics will be the majority soon . 
  it probably will not happen this election , but in the next 3 or 4 , maybe . 
  we 'll be in good hands as soon as we leave the eu . 
  millenial checking in . 
  the human rights act is crap . 
  this is bloody lunacy . 
  europe is governed by spineless worms , so i do not think getting access to the single market will be too difficult . 
  we are not repairing relations . 
  we are just trying to scare ee in case they want to give us unfavorable terms during brexit . 
  we will never repair relationships with countries that assassinate uk citizens and illegally annex their neighbors . 
  hopefully more sanctions will be added . 
  udija ... wink wink https://youtu.be/xd3dm2iumc8?t=250,
