  no it does n't , objectively there 's no way of telling if the purpose of the spendings are offensive or defensive from the article . 
  nato is however a defensive alliance , so with that in mind you 're free to come with your own conclusions . 
  except they 're not . 
  russias actions and behaviour forced nato to respond , and i 'll go ahead and guess that you 're aware of what i 'm referring to . 
  while we 're at it , compare the nato presence close to russias border to what russia have based on their borders to the baltic states and poland , the ones responsible for a provocative build up certainly is n't nato . 
  they have an entire division based in pskov as well , just next to the estonian border . 
  any complaints from russia about nato build up on their borders are laughable . 
  no but your country does , and thankfully you 're not in charge . 
   you 're gon na build up on russia 's western border , then blame russia for war if they fight it . 
  one could argue that the build up in the baltic states has been caused by russias own build up , and in comparison the nato build up is insignificant . 
  lets not pretend that russia 's the victim here , their actions ( georgia , ukraine , being dicks in general and initiating a large scale military build up whilst nato members did the opposite ) caused the situation we see now . 
  its ownership does n't change just because you ca n't access it , it 's still yours . 
  correct , but the project 's not yet operational . 
  it was launched before libya ( 2009 ) . 
  estonia 's spending more , and you 're gon na have to cite some sources for that claim . 
  no , the awacs planes are the only military assets operated collectively within the alliance . 
  edit : happy cake day !, 
  misread your comment , though you ment that estonia does n't spend the recommended amount ( 2 % ) on defence . 
  nothing in my post implies that that 's what britain should do . 
  there 's no popular support for it , and further isolation would n't be beneficial for anyone . 
  from a military perspective leaving nato would be catastrophic given how the uk 's armed forces is entirely adjusted to nato and modeled after it 's commitments to the alliance . 
  estonia does though . 
  little green men appearing and `` locals '' declaring themselves independent/part of russia would definitely trigger article 5 , this would n't necessarily mean attacks on russia but at least the deployment of the vjtf etc. 
  to assist the baltic states in suppressing the `` rebellion '' . 
  agreed , that would put us in a peculiar situation as well given the distance to stockholm . 
  and it 's further complicated given how \u00c5land 's demilitarized , whilst you do n't have any military installations on the islands , russia 's not exactly known to show any respect for international agreements . 
  look at how they used svalbard ( also a demilitarized zone ) as a staging ground for exercises in the north pole , despite it being prohibited by the svalbard treaty . 
  we 're part of the problem here given our inability to defend gotland . 
  all russia needs to do is seize the island and deploy relevant weapon systems and sensors which would give them complete control over the baltic sea , thus rendering aid via sea or air to the baltic states impossible . 
  it 's only a guideline and it 's 2 % , should be a requirement though . 
  collective defence requires collective responsibility . 
  why would they ? 
  a pointless seat without any actual influence , definitely worth all those millions , smearing for middle eastern dictatorships and borderline bribes . 
  sorry missed that . 
  nah , not really . 
  there are marginal but incredibly vocal groups in society which might give that impression . 
  go ask , let 's say hundred , average swedes about their opinion on the matters you associate us with and you 'll have vastly different results compared to your perceptions . 
  regions without standing tactical units have a simliar setup here , public order officers with some tactical training and certain equipment to handle active shooter situations , high risk search warrants etc. 
  if needed . 
  otherwise they do normal patrolling . 
  by ex soldiers , do you mean they transition into law enforcement on part time and do these kinds of jobs ( without having served in law enforcement previously ) or are they simply police officers with a military background ? 
  and i 've lived here all my life , gone to school here and work here , yet my views differs greatly from yours , as do the majority of the publics . 
  i do n't know who you worked with or what you worked with , but that 's far from the general opinion . 
  we have our problems for sure , and we 'd do best not to be overly optimistic , but the reality you describe 's far from the truth . 
  same goes for officers in those kinds of units here , but do they do it on part time in the netherlands ? 
  swat-type or counter terrorism units generally have to be full time given the workload and amount of training needed to be proficient and effective . 
  easy thing to say when your entire perception of sweden is based on cherrypicked news . 
  and this was a division 7 match , which is one of the lowest leagues you can play in . 
  the ref 's likely some local 18 year old who rooted for the other team . 
  the entire arrangement in leagues as low as that 's pretty unserious . 
  to some it definitely is . 
  was n't doing all the great the months prior to the intervention , quite horribly actually . 
  the intervention put an early end to what very well could 've evolved into another syria , and libya 's condition is actually improving . 
  of course they can . 
  it might be a theological contradiction , but they can and many do , sadly not enough though . 
  [ he might want to reconsider his ideas on who 's responsible for the ` loud sabre-rattling and warmongering ' ] ( http://gdb.rferl.org/771e2a58-cf5c-4970-922e-7d42ff3c9bfb.png ), 
  well that 's one way of excusing russias behaviour ... 
  given russian behaviour in the baltic sea ( or elsewhere ) the unrest definitely is n't unjustified or irrational . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ojlbf/all_russian_athletes_are_officially_banned_from/d4e4vpk ) a pretty solid summary of russias behaviour against the nordic countries . 
  and what 's your point ? 
  we were n't talking about the us and what you 're saying 's wrong . 
  where did he say that ? 
  he quoted some bizarre comments from rt , i had a good laugh , that is all . 
  to think that this is part of some `` anti-russian campaign '' is just pathetic , they violated the rules and are now paying the price for it . 
  and regarding your claims about scandinavian media , we both know there 's more to it than that . 
  i do n't expect them to be able to ** solve ** it , they are however able to stop it by ending their involvement in donbas and seizing their support for the dpr . 
  my point is simply , that you can blame them but still call on them to stop it , given how they 're essentially the motor behind it . 
  you ca n't do both ? 
  we 're not talking about invoking article 5 for a simple cyber attack where , lets say russia , performs a dos attack against something insignificant . 
  it 's about invoking it if the same adversary ( for example ) where to knock out vital social functions in a member state etc. 
  i have but i did n't realize nazi germany existed today , hence the irrelevance of your example . 
  neutrality was n't what kept switzerland out of world war two , extensive trading with nazi germany and the limited strategic value of the country kept them out , combined with some luck of course . 
  russia 's a couple hundred kilometers from you , if we are to count crimea as russia . 
  anyway , neutrality or unalignment has proven time and time again that it 's worthless . 
  given the security situation in the black sea region going neutral would be a security political suicide , go ask the ukrainians and georgians how their non-alignment gigs went . 
  well history has proven that it does n't . 
  geography bro , go check it out . 
  switzerland does n't have a big powerful neighbour with expansive ambitions . 
  as if they would care about neutrality , if anything it would make you an easier target given the smaller risks involved in attacking you . 
  go ask the baltic states , denmark , norway , belgium and the netherlands how that whole neutrality thing worked out back in the days . 
  or , if you want a more recent and local example , go ask ukraine and georgia ( which are both unaligned ) how that worked out . 
  in terms of political views they 're similar to most far-right/nationalist parties in europe , they do n't call for genocide and race war like the kkk . 
   john brennan travelled to kiev , nobody knows exactly why , but some speculate that he intends to open us intelligence resources to ukrainian leaders about real-time russian military manoeuvres . 
  the us has , thus far , refrained from sharing such knowledge because moscow is believed to have penetrated much of ukraine 's communications systems -- and washington is n't about to hand over its surveillance secrets to the russians . 
  seems like the logical conclusion , do n't you think ? 
  there 's no doubt that the euromaidan was supported by the west , that 's logical , that 's how geopolitics work . 
  but to claim that it was a cia organized coup etc. 
  is just bizarre . 
  the people of ukraine had every reason to be upset about yanukovych 's rule , and even more so when the police engaged them with live rounds on the streets . 
  not that weird given what ukraine faced from russia at the time and the recent change in relations between the two countries . 
  is that really enough for you to go all conspiritard ? 
  did n't know the bbc reported putins narrative down to every syllable , i for one have received a vastly different picture of the events from that very source . 
  and i ca n't speak for the other sources , other than that if you base you views on their reporting , they 're either gullible idiots or complicit in spreading disinformation about the conflict . 
  where 's the evidence , or even the slightest indications , confirming or suggesting cia involvement ? 
  ( note : rt , sputnik , alex jones etc. 
  are n't valid sources ), 
   you still have lots of commanders who believe the real war is against russia which is n't that weird given how russia is the only conceivable conventional adversary of nato , and it 's not like they 've done a whole lot not to be perceived as a threat ( i.e. 
  georgia , ukraine , constant muscle flexing and airspace violations etc. 
  i 'm not even going to bother , go wank of to rt , sputnik or whatever the hell you 're watching . 
  the amount of blatant lies and inaccuracies you present is fucking appalling , as is the norm among the weak minded conspiritards who express these views .
