  `` for this to be possible we will illegally invade and occupy crimea to stage an illegitimate referendum '' . 
  he 's not even a member of parliament , he had a seat between 2010 and 2014 though . 
  mh17 perhaps ? 
  we actually have qra on readiness 24/7 currently , took a war in europe and a couple of threats from russia for politicians to realize shit was n't as peaceful as they thought . 
  it 's only one rote ( two aircrafts ) on standby though , and for some reason they are n't armed with anything else than the internal 27mm cannon , but it 's something !, 
  we ca n't exactly free ride on our eu neighbours , the eu 's not a military alliance and does n't cover that aspect . 
  we have to do our own qra , and we have to have a working asw capability . 
  the eu does n't cover that for us , nor should it . 
  that 's what nato 's for . 
  to protect your airspace against violations , both by military and civilian aircraft . 
  it 's a fundamental peacetime task for all/most militaries . 
  the gripen ng 's a 4.5 gen fighter , if we were to be pedantic , and has yet to enter any serial production . 
  if you 're looking for a 5th gen fighter it 's the f35 , given how the other candidates are the super hornet , rafale , eurofighter and the gripen ng . 
  there were some medial attention aimed towards similar problems back in 2010/2011 as soldiers in afghanistan were buying their own vests as opposed to using the issued one ( which is more obsolete than steam power ) . 
  soon after that a new vest with molle was issued . 
  i sadly have to agree with you , the free riding has gone too far in many aspects . 
  other than deployments similar to those in afghanistan ( mali currently ) , probably not . 
  but we have ( without response ) promised to support the baltics in case of a conflict etc. 
  and we do face a threat connected to the ones facing the baltics states . 
  in order to sustain operations there , russia will have to seize gotland . 
  if shit go down in the baltics , gotland goes with it . 
  since the russians played their shit in ukraine , there has been measures taken to strengthen our defence capabilities ( a 10 billion sek increase in funding and the signing of natos host nation support agreement ) , but there 's a lot left to do . 
  i fear another conflict in europe , or drastically increased tensions in the baltics , will have to occur in order for any significant decisions to be made . 
  the request to mobilize after receiving intelligence about a german invasion of unspecified scandinavian countries being imminent was also denied , a couple of days later the germans invaded denmark and norway ( 9th of april ) , on the 11th of april sweden mobilized . 
  having underfunded our military prior to the war , we spent some serious amounts during the following years , 5 % of our gdp at times iirc . 
  about the nato part , to quote my former co : `` we 're in nato while at the same time we 're not . 
  we do everything that a nato member does , yet we do n't participate in the decision making '' . 
  and yes , i recognize that . 
  we spend a lot on `` development '' , and our administration is shit , so even though we might spend much on every individual soldier , said spendings go straight down the drain . 
  we 've been incredibly bad at keeping ourselves up to date in terms of equipment , it was n't until a few years back that molle compatible vests/ba were issued , and everyone has n't got them yet . 
  our helmets are from the early/mid 90 's too , we still have ba from the 90 's issued to some extent ( decreasing though ) and our nvg 's are old and not particularly good . 
  it 's depressing as fuck . 
  it might have made sense during the imagined everlasting peace after the fall of the soviet union , but it seems reality caught up faster than expected . 
  and the ones before that who took out the sledgehammer and disbanded every regiment they got hold of . 
  defence and security politics has been a disaster since the fall of the soviet union , the blame game 's just pathetic . 
  fuck the past , just get shit back in reasonable order instead . 
   the only speculative part is if yanukovich was ordered to flee or if he did it by his own initiative . 
  was n't yanukovich escorted out of ukraine by russian special forces ? 
  ca n't remember the source , i 'll try to find it . 
  my hopes are that finlands choses the gripen ng , some cooperation could be done on that front . 
  though we 're too far into the process for a joint purchase to be possible , and i do n't even know if it is . 
  i 'd be in favor of more funding combined with more cooperation and coordination , both within the eu as well as in nato . 
  the unfilled part time positions are mainly military , 6600 positions are full time , with a lack of about a 1000 as stated in the article . 
  it 's even worse on the part time side , out of 10500 positions roughly 6500 positions are empty as far as i know . 
  there 's much to be done in terms of becoming a more attractive employer , some of it is fixable by fm themselves , but there 's a need for additional funding in order to pay decent salaries/compensation as well as benefits for service . 
  i might be biased , but buying the gripen ng might be a pretty cost effective alternative . 
  we 're in the process of replacing our current fleet of the c/d variants with the ng , if finland were to purchase it , pilot/technician training could be done jointly . 
  especially since there 's talks about expanding our military cooperation . 
  plus it 's not extremely expensive . 
  norway 's buying the f-35 , not sure about denmark . 
  finlands buying new fighters , somethings that 's being discussed down bellow , and the gripen ng 's one of the candidates . 
  pilot training etc. 
  could be done jointly , but the usage of the fighters are better left to the military of each country . 
  especially since there 's some ongoing development concerning our security politics , we 'd all have to be either outside of nato or members of nato if a joint usage of fighter aircraft were to be possible . 
  all military jobs essentially , compare it to what 's known as mos 's in the u.s. 
  we 're upgrading our fighter fleet with the new gripen ng and will only have 70 fighters in total , so we 're doing something along the lines of what you said . 
  the only difference being that we 're doing it mostly due to economical reasons , most experts agree that 70 fighters are n't enough and spendings needs to be increased . 
  having 70 fighters does n't mean you have 70 operational at any time , we 'd have 40-50 right of the start if some shit were to go done . 
  to few for a country of our length and with our only conceivable adversary having way more in the baltic sea area . 
  you never know , few believed that we 'd have a war in europe before the ukrainian crisis , yet it happened . 
  better to prepare for the worst and hope for the best , building a credible defence takes time . 
  polls ( specifically one done by our civil contingencies agency ) shows a relative majority in favor of joining nato ( 49 % iirc ) , and it 's moving in that direction fast . 
  a few years back less than 40 % were in favor of it , people are generally sceptical towards russias actions and worried about the unpredictability , something the ukraine crisis goes to show . 
  fully agree with you about europe taking a bigger responsibility for the defence and security of europe , to much free riding going on . 
  the air force remains pretty strong , at least on paper . 
  we have roughly 70 operational fighter jets , plus 24 trainer variants of the gripen with full combat capabilities . 
  what we lack is funding to properly train and equip our personnel , it 's turning in the right direction , but it 's slow as fuck . 
  the ukraine crisis was an eye opener for many , but apparently not enough to realize that the everlasting peace imaginable after the fall of the soviet union might not be a reality . 
  the eu is n't a military alliance , and hence nothing you can rely on from a defence perspective . 
  article 42 ; 7 in the lissabon treaty is incredibly vague , you could in theory support another eu member facing an attack/invasion etc. 
  by donating 1000 bottles of olive oil ( as said by the estonian president ) . 
  regarding the threats , we face roughly the same one as the baltics . 
  russia wo n't be able to conduct military operations in the baltics without controlling gotland . 
  the easiest way for nato to access the baltics is by sea or air , which makes it a natural step for russia to deny them this ability by seizing control of gotland using it as a platform for anti aircraft systems etc. 
  this is ** if ** they were to pull of some shit in the baltics . 
  not saying it 's likely , but it is n't impossible . 
  tensions are already high in the baltic-sea-area , and we ca n't be sure what the future holds . 
  we 've been subjected to a lot of intelligence operations from russia during the recent years , and our security services has been warning about increased russian activity towards us for a couple of years as well . 
  whilst being heavily connected to nato and cooperating in many aspects we remain military unaligned ( formally that is ) , making it less risky to pull some shit on us than against a nato member . 
  not saying we should go crazy and build a defence similar to what we had during the cold war , but increasing spendings to 1,8 % -2 % ( from the current 1,1 % ) and joining nato would be nice . 
  we can barely cover any eventualities , that 's the problem . 
  we spend roughly 1,1 % on military expenses , and it seems like a significant portion of those spendings go straight down the drain . 
  having spent time in the army , i highly doubt we 'd be able to sustain defensive operations for more than a week , possibly ( or likely ) less . 
  we lack a shitload of necessary material and equipment , and age is staring to take it 's toll on much of it . 
  we have motivated and very professional personnel , and it 's sad to see it essentially being put to waste . 
  it 's not about how much you spend , it 's about what you do with what you spend . 
  and to specify , i 'm mostly talking about our situation in sweden , but it applies to our neighbours as well ( to varying extents ) . 
  we lack even the most basic thing , there 's not even helmet covers to go around . 
  the politicians wants us to do a lot of things , but only fund us enough to do some of them . 
  yet they act surprised when we lack the ability to conduct proper asw when ( presumably ) the ruskies pays us an underwater visit , or when there 's no qra on readiness when our airspace is violated . 
  i could literally go on for ages . 
  they are , trust me . 
  we 've continuously made defence cuts for 20 + years , it 's gotten pretty bad . 
  there 's been a slight change since the russian vacationers visited ukraine , but it 's still far from adequate for us to be able to fullfil the overall task , both in peacetime and in case of war . 
  this 's what happens when you cut defence spendings continuously for 20 years , no politician is too fond of being reminded of that . 
  read it , just thought it might be relevant to highlight some of the factors making the purchase of the pak fa unlikely !, 
  you 'd get a potent fighter aircraft ( in relatively small number due to the price ) for sure , but given the politics involved in purchasing fighter aircrafts today it would n't be the wisest decision . 
  finland has pretty extensive cooperations with nato , and you 're a member of both the eu and the nordic defence collaboration ( nordefco ) . 
  given the politics and the price i 'd say the pak fa is out of the question , it 's either the gripen ng or the eurofighter ( or possibly the super hornet ? 
  given how you already operate the old hornet ) .
