  there 's no signed agreement , only an unwillingness to cooperate with them . 
  yeah , the us totally knew the serbian hostages were present at the target prior to launching the strike . 
  your comments on the matter makes it quite clear that you 're only using this to push your anti-americanism . 
  it 's distasteful and disrespectful towards the victims . 
  ah , pointless and hypocritical bashing of another country . 
  always enlightening and constructive !, 
  please tell me were you 're from , i 'm sure we could cook up something similar for you in return . 
  brave and stronk comrade putin will deal with them i assume ? 
   jewish media blaming shit on the jews , old habits die hard . 
  seems to be similar in most of western europe . 
  here , a significant amount of right wingers ( nationalists , nazis , identitarians etc. ), 
  are very friendly of russia and make up most of the commenters on sputnik sweden 's facebook page , shares most articles from russian propaganda sources , and generally expresses most of the pro-russian opinions . 
  they view putin as someone who counters the eu , immigration and defend traditional values . 
  as for the left , some of them are friendly towards russia simply because they hate the u.s. and nato . 
  now this is the case in sweden , i ca n't say how it its germany but i 'm under the impression that it 's similar . 
  sweden would ' t be safe at all . 
  nato needs swedish territory to support military operations in the baltics , at the same time russia would need swedish territory to deny nato the ability to support said operations in the baltics . 
  with this in mind , you can imagine what would take place on swedish soil if shit were to hit the fan . 
  other than the nordic states , i have a strong affection for the baltics . 
  the article was forwarded on twitter and facebook , being taken as serious news by putin lovers , far right and far left alike . 
  i 've read the swedish edition of sputnik ( and still do from time to time out of curiosity ) . 
  anyways , i found it to be a complete load of shit . 
  misguiding images attached to either biased or fabricated news about the bad imperialist western powers forcefully expanding in eastern europe . 
  they 're also quite good at forwarding swedish news that fits their agenda , especially articles from swedish media critical towards nato and the us , as well as news regarding crimes committed by immigrants . 
  my impression is that they 're aimed towards far right readers , at least in the case of sweden . 
  [ here 's what i 'm talking about ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gw620ql.png ) . 
  the picture 's of an old museum object from the cold war , which the investigating journalists of sputnik fears is going to be launched against russian troops , very unclear how though . 
  russia deploying `` peacekeepers '' with said ambition in a nato country , without invitation , is virtually the same as declaring war . 
  aggressive behaviour from russia have n't stopped since then , quite the opposite actually . 
  problem is , the police force is to small and underfunded . 
  police officers are constantly leaving the force due to shitty salaries and bad management . 
  the entire organisation is undermanned and underfunded , resulting in a lack of ability to fullfil their overall mission . 
  no , claiming that said training took place in donbas . 
  that was your own assumption and it 's wrong . 
  regarding our disagreement about the conflict in ukraine , we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  good , ukraine need all the help it can get to defend it 's territory from russian aggression . 
  and you 'd do best not to post claims based on your personal assumptions without any factual evidence , this right here shows how far of you are . 
  do you honestly believe that there are any ? 
  such claims have n't even been made by the most fucked up propaganda outlets in russia nor their proxy republics in ukraine . 
  however there is a nato training mission in ukraine , composing a fair share of nationalities , but that 's nowhere near donbas . 
  better get your geography straight . 
  there are n't any canadian troops in donbas , and the so called `` peacekeepers '' are n't in transnistria to keep the peace , they 're there to keep the frozen conflict frozen and thus preventing moldova from further integration with the west . 
  yes , after russia had invaded the peninsula . 
  and no , i do n't . 
  i 'll just go ahead and refer to the region as `` eastern ukraine '' for simplicity . 
   you already do that , isis seems to be quiet well equipped with western tech . 
  perfect logic , they also use a shitload of soviet/russian weaponry . 
  does that mean that they 're armed by russia ? 
  isis have some western equipment due to the incompetence of the iraqi army , if they had n't fled and left billions worth of equipment behind , isis would n't have it . 
  simple as that , there 's no grand conspiracy involved . 
  crimea and donbas , there 's literally no way you can deny that . 
  did that , i 'm still just as clueless as to why . 
  yes putin loves peace , he made that very clear in ukraine . 
  your argument is as retarded as it 's naive , ** if ** russia 's funding stop the war , it 's not due to it 's non existent love for peace , it 's because said organization is a bunch of hypocrites who 're blind to all violence without western involvement . 
  they 're simply promoting an agenda which allignes perfectly with russian interests , making them a good fit for funding and support . 
  funny thing , the `` good '' countries actually take more responsibility for it than russia does . 
  better to admit it and actually compensate for it in some way or another , rather than straight out deny it and lie . 
  the shit my dog took in the park the other day is equally relevant to this post as your narrative . 
  it 's pretty obvious that your trying to direct the attention at something else than the topic at hand , and you 're failing miserably at it . 
  regardless of your personal dislike of swedes and sweden in general , swedish territory remains strategically vital in the baltic sea region . 
  russian military and intelligence activity aimed at sweden indicates the opposite of what your implying . 
  4000-5000 will be selected for military service annually , largely based on interest as well as the results during the day long screening . 
  every 18-19 year old is required to fill out a form in which your interest in military service is taken into consideration . 
  the ones called to the screening will be individuals who 've shown an interest in military service , if you do n't want to do it you simply state it in the form and you wo n't be forced into anything . 
   reports of sexual assault at we are sthlm music festival in sweden were suppressed from the media . 
  that was everywhere in swedish media as well though . 
  masturbating to rt and sputnik is n't exactly informative ... 
  still hate it , i 've come to be comfortable with a shitload of uncomfortable shit but winter warfare , nah . 
  nice to see a fellow recon guy on here btw !, 
  `` getting back up '' summarises my entire winter warfare course , must have filmed several hours of material of me trying to get back up with a 40kg rucksack on my gopro . 
  fuck that shit . 
  that 's the most viable solution yes . 
  just thought it was weird that the possibility to check recruits in the application phase did n't exist . 
  could n't the police do it for them ? 
  that 's how it 's done where , upon applying you 're screened for prior criminal record and connections to extremist groups etc. 
  by the security police before being accepted . 
  even when the government has denied you democratic rights and abused , kidnapped and gunned down hundreds of protesters on the streets ? 
  might also be worth to consider that it was yanukovych himself who choosed to leave . 
  being elected does n't grant you the option to do whatever you like , ignoring the responsibility to manage the trust put on you by the voters usually have consequences . 
  preceding to surpress the democratic rights of the citizens and killing them on the streets wo n't exactly legitimize your rule either . 
  quite a difference between the mid 1910 's and 2014 , do n't you think ? 
  you have a wired definition of ally . 
   that used to be russian and wants to be russian does n't condone the annexation , it 's still a major violation of international law . 
  especially since russia agreed that crimea belongs to ukraine and promised to respect the sovereignty of the country in the budapest memorandum . 
  russian propaganda is a hell of a drug . 
  pretty strange when there 's no substantial military presence at russias borders besides the individual states armed forces . 
  not that they have any leverage to complain about nato being on their borders , independent states have the right to choose their own paths . 
  russia is the reason why they joined , and it remains the reason to why they stay . 
  counterbalance would be correct . 
  russia has a much larger military presence at the border of nato members and they hold much larger exercises ( often unannounced ) . 
  see these pictures for a rough overview/reference : [ 1 ] ( https://scontent-arn2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-0/s480x480/13690752_1790740364473217_4181205885936961007_n.jpg?oh=9e0bd925c4318bc001f018ed8a434ae5&amp;oe=582dedd8 ) [ 2 ] ( http://gdb.rferl.org/771e2a58-cf5c-4970-922e-7d42ff3c9bfb.png ), 
  still waiting for those sources with the confirmation . 
  ca n't have a good conspiracy without the jews . 
  nah , those two sources which you claimed had confirmed it earlier , remember those ? 
  good old presstv and rt had some undersourced bullshit written about it , as you 'd expect . 
  did that and concluded that it has n't been confirmed at all and that you 're full of shit . 
  not that anyone would take you seriously as it is , but it 's even less likely that someone will if you do n't even link these `` sources '' which allegedly confirm this grand conspiracy you speak of . 
  definitely epp . 
  iraq was n't even related to nato , nice try though . 
  that 's a sharp analysis .
