  they 're ** supposed ** to get 24500kr after 2 years in the academy plus 6 months of training in the field . 
  yet there are officers stuck at like 22000kr after 4-5 years of service . 
  a friend of mine has 3 years under his belt and he has yet to receive this renowned raise . 
  the working conditions and workload of your average officer in the field are also way worse than those of a medical student doing their first year of at or a recently graduated engineer . 
  they ca n't , that would require article 5 to be triggered . 
  what they can do is put pressure on individual nato allies to support/join them , but that 's pretty much it . 
  it should be added that the social democrats are n't that opposed to nato as a whole , just the idea of sweden joining . 
  our close partnership with nato is central to their security policy . 
  based on what ? 
  and who wants that ? 
  the eu 's just fine , there 's no need for a shrinked nordic version of it . 
  i have a hard time trusting them on defence considering the problematic stance several high ranking party officials have ( had ) on russia , not to mention their isolationist stance on all kinds of bilateral cooperation . 
  also , the actual content of their defence politics is retarded , the only thing i find myself in agreement with is increased defence spendings . 
  yes , to varying degrees . 
  yes , and anti-eu . 
  they 're isolationists , unless you bring up the topic of a nordic union . 
  that they have a raging boner for . 
  `` ivan scare '' , really ? 
  russias geopolitical behaviour in recent years naturally causes their neighbours to consider higher defence spendings . 
  the connection between the two are n't too hard to grasp . 
  the recent 500 millions are n't connected to the previous 10 billion from 2015 nor the 6,5 millions \u00d6b 's currently pushung for . 
  they are intended to afford addiotional demands put upon us by the defence committee/parliament , concerning an air defence capability on gotland und so weiter . 
  there is an urgent need for more funding anyways , as you may recall , our dear politicans only funded two thirds of what they wanted us to do back in 2015 . 
  if they want to see their demands being met before 2020 as they requested , they better open their wallets . 
  still , no formal agreements were made , nato did n't commit to anything . 
  an informal promise does n't really hold water geopolitically , i mean it 's not like the budapest memorandum where russia made a formal promise to respect ukraine 's territorial integrity . 
  there were no such agreements . 
  well do n't , he 's not even in , he 's just one person interested in joining . 
  it 's the same screening , you do exactly the same tests . 
  logically , people who make an active decision to come do the tests are generally bound to be more motivated and thus fitter . 
  that 's if they go via finland , which would be retarded to do . 
  if they were to do something they 'd do it via the baltic sea . 
  huh ? 
  in 9 out of 10 cases , we who do it as a job are both fitter , more motivated and better at it than people who may or may not want to be here , and who only do it for a set period of time before leaving . 
  how 's that relevant to his post ? 
  there is support , there 's even a relative majority in favor of joining nato according to some polls . 
  also , may i remind you that participation in international operations is entirely optional ? 
  generally positive , since we 've had conscription for more than a century almost everyone older than say 30 , has been connected to the military in some form . 
  younger people tend to be pretty indifferent about it , judging from my civilian friends at least . 
  at most it 's `` cool '' . 
  we 'll have to see how the new system turns out , our first batch of conscripts is due in the summer of 2018 , the new system will be implemented by the start of said year . 
  and from july this year , everyone will be required to undertake the screening . 
  i 'm guessing it 'll be a 50/50 composition of volunteers and draftees . 
  general conscription is n't really being re-introduced , as it might come of . 
  every 18-19 year old will be required to undertake a screening , but the 4000 positions open each year will still be open to volunteers and the professional organization in its current form will largely be retained , luckily . 
  and whilst every 18-19 year old will be required to undertake a screening the number actually drafted will be dependent on how many positions that are n't filled by volunteers , so in reality , it 's only a minority of the people who are screened annually who 'll be drafted , and personal interest in service will play a big role given the fairly limited amount of positions open . 
  not even remotely connected . 
  general conscription is n't really being re-introduced , as it might come of . 
  every 18-19 year old will be required to undertake a screening , but the 4000 positions open each year will still be open to volunteers and the professional organization in its current form will largely be retained , luckily . 
  and whilst every 18-19 year old will be required to undertake a screening the number actually drafted will be dependent on how many positions that are n't filled by volunteers , so in reality , it 's only a minority of the people who are screened annually who 'll be drafted , and personal interest in service will play a big role given the fairly limited amount of positions open . 
  kinda like the western allies did in the rest of europe , i assume . 
  not that crimes were non existent , but they did n't rape and pillage everything in their way on the way to germany . 
   technically , they are only lending military support to a nation they recognize as an ally . 
  russia conducting military operations in territory controlled by their proxies is still an invasion of ukraine , russia itself has n't even recognized the dnr/lpr , so even by their own definitions they 're operating in ukraine without authorization . 
  support has been increasing for a while and there 's a relative majority in favor of joining so it 's not an impossibility in the future , but we 'll have to see how things work out with the trump administration . 
  that 's not important enough for you to choose it over having easy access to ammunition etc that you store in your pouches . 
  does n't work when you have an integrated body armour/combat vest , all the pouches are attached to the carrier itself . 
  unless your body armour and combat vests are separate that 's just extremely inconvenient . 
  i 'm sure they do , there has been a nato presence in narva before , and just because they have n't been posted does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  i suppose abnormal mental retardation applies to people who 's vaginas gets filled with sand due to the extremely provocative nature of a picture depicting a single fucking platoon being close to russia as well . 
  yes we would , i 'm surprised you know my unit better than myself . 
  it 's a cool picture , we would snap one , and i 'm 99 % sure any other european unit would do the same . 
  makes for a good cover photo on facebook . 
  and who the fuck gets provoked by a fucking platoon posing for a photo ? 
  yes i would , we 'd be all over a picture like that if we went there . 
  of course it snows in ume\u00e5 and boden , it 's far north . 
  south of stockholm it 's quite rare and it 's usually gone within a week . 
  and it always seems to snow when no one wants snow , like in november and late february/march . 
  in hindsight i feel like i may have insulted my shit by making that comparison . 
  what makes you think vlad the miner and his friend dimitri the carpenter from down the street did n't have the training to properly operate and employ all the components of a sophisticated sam system ? ^ / s, 
   pretty much on putin 's side whilst the current administration has n't exactly exercised clarity on its foreign policy , that 's insanely farfetched . 
  you have a secdef who 's staunchly opposed to russian aggression and very fond of nato , a un ambassador who condemned russias involvement in ukraine , a president who only cares about great deals no matter what and some shady figures with a worrying stance on russia . 
  it 's not exactly the best time to determine the current administrations stance on russia . 
  which is why he 's getting hammered by sanctions and is globally ostracized . 
  luckily , your opinion on ukraines legitimacy as a state is worth as much as my shit . 
  makes sense , the ones that wo n't be used for parts in the production of the ng will likely be sold ( instead of being kept in service alongside the ng , leaving us with only 60 operational fighters by the time the ng has been fully introduced ... ) . 
  of course not , i 'm hoping you 'll choose the gripen . 
  is it the c/d or the ng version you 're looking at ? 
  elaborate `` modernized migs '' . 
  i highly doubt that modernized mig29 's are better than the current c/d version of the gripen . 
  even if they could afford it , i highly doubt that we 'd even offer it to them considering their relations with russia , plus the major differences between our stances on kosovo . 
  purchases of fighter aircraft often have a large political aspect connected to them , this would be difficult , if not impossible , politically . 
  we are n't willing to sell the gripen to them though , nor can they afford it . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the vehicles were repainted after similar shipments to south korea . 
  i 'm guessing the same while be done with these , if they 're intended to actually be used in exercises rather than just storing . 
   it is a violation of sovereignty of independent country . 
  not according to the un , and the `` islamic emirate of afghanistan '' ( i.e. 
  afghanistan while ruled by the taliban ) was n't even recognized by the un , only by pakistan , saudi arabia and the uae . 
  were would you see libya 3-4 years after the uprising if there had n't been an intervention ? 
  chances are it would 've ended up like syria . 
  the libyan regime , or forces loyal to it , killed up to 700 civilians prior to major hostilities . 
  you 're mistaken if you believe that gaddafi would have been able to stay in control of country and that the opposition would 've put down their weapons . 
  it would 've turned into a clusterfuck al ' a syria with even more dead . 
  yet they oppose sanctions on russia for its actions in ukraine . 
  plus the party represented by the pm has ties to both united russia and fp\u00d6 , parties who either undermines or opposes the eu . 
  i would n't put to much trust in the current governments stance on the eu . 
  partly true , though the eu has geopolitical interests as well . 
  there 's little need for members who undermines the unions defence and security interests . 
  what subs do you read ? 
  because that 's far from the general opinion here .
