   baning the russian language for example . 
  directly violating human rights and causing the ethnicly russian ukranians to want to seperate . 
  russian is recognized as a language of a national minority , it is n't prohibited . 
  how did they violate human right ? 
  you 're gon na have to be more specific . 
   and no , ukraine did n't start a civil war . 
  no they did n't , again , you 're gon na have to be more specific about your claims . 
   ethnicly russian ukraniana acupied administration buildings and are fighting bravely do defend their homes . 
  by looting , shooting down civilian airliners and creating the utterly failed shitshow of a state that is the dpr . 
   all nations have the right to selfdetermination . 
  yes , within legal boundaries . 
  the right to self determination is n't relevant when a foreign nation invades the territory and stages a referendum in violation of both domestic and international law . 
   there is no proof of this but some statements from nato . 
  a couple of hundred dead russian soldiers returning from ukraine , russian soldiers posting pictures of themselves in ukraine , russian military equipment not used by ukraine being photographed in ukraine etc. 
  do you want me to continue ? 
   russia did no such thing . 
  they did send a few observers , but so did un and nato an eu . 
  see my previous answer . 
   russia staged an illegal referendum on crimea again , the referendum was n't done in accordance to neither domestic nor international law . 
  it was n't legal in any way . 
  you do n't get to make up your on laws out of the blue . 
  they stopped already . 
  individual soldier committing crimes and being investigated for them is not the same as france as a state committing war crimes , far from it . 
  what fascist politics ? 
  are you referring to those 8 out of 450 seats in the rada held by svoboda/right sector ? 
  and no , ukraine did n't start a civil war . 
  russia/separatists started it by occupying regional administration buildings , police stations etc , arming themselves and declaring themselves independent . 
  russia continued to fuel hostilities by arming separatist and deploying conventional forces on ukrainian territory . 
  russia staged an illegal referendum on crimea in violation of both international law and the ukrainian constitution , it 's not russian territory unless the population votes for it in a legal referendum . 
  it was n't done in accordance with international law nor previous bilateral agreements between russia and ukraine ( budapest memorandum ) . 
  so yes , it was without a doubt illegal . 
  i visited paris last fall , and there were definitely more white people than black people . 
  but idk , the fall may be to cold for black people , they only come out of the shadows when it 's warmer . 
  sneaky blacks ... 
  estimates . 
  they seem to have used the american report here , which puts the number of muslims at 5 % . 
  there 's an american report putting the number at 400,000-500 ,000 ( i.e. 
  then there 's swedish estimates at like 350,000 ( i.e. 
  this includes nominal muslims and people from a muslim background , not necessarily practicing muslims , the number of practicing muslims is likely somewhere between 100,000 and 150,000 . 
  there are n't any recent numbers , but the existing ones gives a good indication . 
  idk , seems like a simple and valid demographic observation . 
  do n't think there 's a whole lot of soviet apologetic estonians . 
  i think there 's one in tartu , if that 's the one he 's referring to . 
  anyway , estonia 's well worth the visit . 
  being crazy , or following a batshit crazy ideology , is often synonymous with terrorist activities , one does n't exclude the other . 
  it was rt , here 's a [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx1oq8tevqe ) . 
  relieved to hear that the son survived , but fuck this is tragic . 
  the amount of % spent on defence might not be a good measurement on a detailed level , but it works fine as a general indicator . 
  in absence of any indications that it might change i 'll stick to the forecasted numbers . 
  we 're going to be spending less in the coming years , defence spendings will be below 1 % after 2020 . 
  and we still have politicians slapping themselves on the chest claiming that they `` strengthened our national defence capabilities '' by increasing spendings with 10 billion sek , when the armed forces requested 20 billion to be able to fullfil the requirements given to them back in 2010 . 
  that 's the c-variant , which is likely equipped with the ms20 software update which was fielded recently . 
  the ng ( e/f ) wo n't be delivered until 2018 . 
  russia is the legal successor state of the soviet union , so in that sense they 're responsible for the actions of the soviet union . 
  i 'd say the same regardless of the posters flair . 
  and kaliningrad ( or k\u00f6nigsberg ) has historically been populated by germans for hundreds of years . 
  russia is , or were at least . 
  we 'd rather not , but thanks for the suggestion . 
  `` but they did it too buhu '' . 
  the soviet union forcefully removing the original inhabitants since hundreds of years and repopulating the region with russian is a fact , the crimes of the third reich does in no way excuse the actions of the soviet union . 
  difference being that nato announces their exercises well ahead of performing them , and the exercises take place on a more than reasonable distance from russia . 
  and how else would they respond ? 
  ignoring russia wo n't make them stop , it will only make nato look weak in the eyes of the russian regime and might very well lead to further land grabs similar to what we 've seen in ukraine . 
  who 's antagonizing russia ? 
  that 's a pretty fucking retarded post , given how nothing 's even remotely true . 
  slandering feminism might get feminists butthurt on twitter and criticizing immigration might get some pc freaks butthurt , but that 's about it . 
  and a man tax ? 
  what the actual fuck . 
  it might have been suggested by some pointless feminist lobby group with as much influence on current affairs as my shit , so i 'm not sure if that qualifies as a `` serious suggestion '' . 
  or , ** or ** , he 's worried about the security of his country given a certain not so pleasant neighbour . 
   rumors the us does n't use nuclear artillery shells anymore , they were withdrawn from service in 1991 . 
  no one can do that without the consent of our government , and i 'm not even sure if swedish law permits it . 
  neither members nor partners can be forced to harbour nuclear weapons on their territory , not even temporary . 
  there was a vote in parliament , 291 for and 21 against . 
  the government ca n't take decisions such as this by themselves . 
  idk , but there 's no point deploying ship based nuclear weapons here either . 
  take a submarine for example , by passing through \u00d6resund into the baltic sea it would reveal its position and be within it 's minimum range of fire . 
  there are no strategic benefits of basing unclear weapons in sweden as opposed to anywhere else . 
  neither the hns agreement nor a full membership obligates one to do that . 
  look at denmark and norway , members since 1949 , have never harboured nuclear weapons . 
  well there 's an explanation , the us ( openly as fuck ) supplied weapons to iraq , which were left behind by the iraqi army . 
  and we 're talking older abrams tanks , m16 's , humvees ( i.e. 
  surplus equipment ) . 
  the separatists are using the latest russian military equipment , equipment and material which has n't been exported to anyone . 
  yet russia denied their involvement , and still do to large extents . 
  it is , given how russia 's aware of it and can take measures against it . 
  the same goes for russian sigint aimed towards the us/nato . 
  snap exercises simulating attacks ( both conventional and nuclear ) of the kind performed by russia several times towards warsaw , stockholm etc. 
  is worse , and far more worrying . 
  you responded to a post questioning , or rather correcting , your definition of the pro-russian separatists . 
  if your intent was to discuss mh17 and who shot it down you responded to the wrong post . 
  well for starters , the separatist have been seen operating t-72bm 's , a tank which is only operated by the russian army . 
  so either they 're armed directly by russia , or those tanks were actual russian tanks operated by actual russian personnel . 
  neither of the alternatives support your narrative . 
  bellingcat provided evidence of the presence of the 53rd anti-aircraft missile brigade in the area , and guess what sam-system said brigade operates ? 
  yes , pro-russian separatists , armed , trained and supported in every aspect of the notion by russia . 
  so the investigation blamed ukraine for shooting down mh17 ? 
  weird , i 've followed the case continuously and i 've yet to see that claim outside russian state-controlled media or bullshit claims by tinfoil hats on social media . 
   `` the u.s. plane crew 's unprofessional actions created the danger of a collision with ... civilian airlines , '' [ how ironic ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-sweden-russia-airplane-iduskbn0js0jq20141214 ), 
  that 's just what they say , the support for a full membership is high enough for it to be a possibility .
