  go in and fuck the troublemakers over properly , but skip the collective punishment . 
  it 's not like destroying the homes of like a hundred thousand people without housing to replace them could backfire . 
  idk , in the ukrainian solidarity demos i 've participated in , swedish flags have been rather unusual . 
  national flags are n't that big of a deal in this type of demonstrations , it appears they 're doing what they can to piss them off ( i.e. 
  flying the american and nato flags ) and expressing solidarity with ukraine . 
  there might very well be ukrainians present in the video , but there 's nothing indicating that there are n't as many czechs . 
  especially given the polls you linked and czech republics history with russia . 
  edit : paging any czechs who were present at the scene or have any information that might shed some light on the matter . 
  or you know , they hold ukrainian flags as a sign of solidarity ? 
  i did it in a demonstration back in 2014 , does n't make me ukrainian . 
  given how the night wolves have been involved in ukraine , flying ukrainian flags would work similarly to giving them the bird as well as expressing your disapproval of their actions . 
  i 've visited almedalen twice , and spent time at panel discussions hosted by the mentioned parties where defence and security politics were discussed . 
  i 've also been involved in m , only to leave quite recently . 
  there 's definitely a push for it , and with the growing relevance of the question , the push will increase . 
   like seriously , a country on another fucking continent has violated our airspace more times than russia , but apparently it 's the russians who are the dangerous ones . 
  your narrative has continuously been that the us/nato are a bigger reason of concern , comes of like that at least . 
  there were violations during ace15 , and it seems like i had it wrong regrading the norwegian violations , the reason for which i explained in the earlier post . 
  my point has constantly been that you have n't had any relevant factor in consideration other than the numbers of violations when you argued about the topic , the norwegian violations are exactly the types of violations making the nato violations more common . 
  that does n't exactly align with your way of making nato out to be the bad guy/aggressor as opposed to russia . 
  being provided with incorrect information by an air force pao at a presentation about msd 16 and misinterpreting information online is hardly lies , it 's a mistake on my part but it is n't lies , far from it . 
  but whatever you say i suppose . 
  in that case i suppose the two hour long torturous powerpoint presentation about ace15 and military cooperation with foreign partners i had to sit through had it wrong ( a rough overview of msd 16 ) . 
  nevertheless , this is an obvious misinterpretation of an agreement which grants norway yearly access to swedish airspace . 
  so it does n't exactly support you narrative . 
  way to argue , you 've more or less only been calling me a fucking idiot whilst showing zero understanding of security politics and threat assessment as well as getting your facts about us/uk/nato actions internationally wrong . 
  oh really ? 
  i 'd appreciate it if you could be more specific , calling something incorrect because it does n't align with your personal narrative 's just pathetic . 
  they 've all decided that they 're in favor of joining nato , and their representatives regularly make statements regarding it . 
  yes whatever i say , feel free to fact check it if you like . 
  i 'm fairly certain the results would n't be in favor of your narrative . 
  cheers !, 
  l have been supporting a nato membership for a long time , as have m. both kd and c decided on their respective conventions last year that they support a membership . 
  as the importance of security and defence politics grows , as does the nato question . 
  non of said questions played any larger role last election , but it 's not unlikely that it will during the next parliamentary election . 
  polls indicate a relative majority ( closing in on a absolute majority ) in favor of joining nato , it 's definitely growing to be an important question . 
  yes , but that 's only relevant in peacetime . 
  neither we nor finland have any expeditionary capabilities , we would barely be able to support each other with ground forces in case of a conflict . 
  wrong , the entire alliance are in favor of joining and regularly suggests we should . 
  whilst opposing a full membership , the current government is continuing to increase our cooperation with nato via the host nation support agreement as well as increased military cooperation with the us . 
  i do n't expect them to shift their views over night , but give em a few years . 
  that 's regulated by the ifkn-enactment , and given the context of the violations by nato , the usage of lethal force would n't be justified . 
  the amounts of violations does n't really say anything , it 's the context that relevant . 
  this has been made extremely clear by both the minister of defence as well as high rakning officers in the armed forces and military analysts . 
  and i 've just given you a pretty thorough run down of the context surrounding the violations . 
  the geographical distance of the us is n't even remotely relevant . 
  they 're a prominent member of nato , and their presence has been requested by their baltic allies . 
  hahaha , your anger amuses me . 
  turkey was completely within it 's rights to shoot down the russian jet . 
  they had warned russia several times before , they had been in contact with both the un and nato regarding the violations by russian aircraft and they attempted to contact the violating aircraft on guard multiple times without receiving an answer . 
  do n't want to get shot down ? 
  get you navigation straight and answer when told to turn around . 
  simple as that . 
  `` invading people for no reason whatsoever '' . 
  sure , could be said about russia as well . 
  could be said about anyone really . 
  the us/uk has been within in their rights to use military force the last 25 years more often than not ( i.e. 
  having the approval of the un , or intervening at the request of the un ) . 
  well that 's just a ridiculous statement . 
  other than kosovo , every nato intervention has been sanctioned by the un . 
  as opposed to the annexation of crimea , the invasion of eastern ukraine , the invasion of georgia and illegal support of breakaway regions ( essentially annexations ) etc. 
  they have military personnel in the quadruple digits present in abkhazia and south ossetia , which is georgian territory . 
  that 's definitely not what you ment . 
  you payed no attention to the context and surroundings of the violations done by russia versus those done by the us/nato , nor did you mention the different responses and willingness to cooperate with swedish autorites by the different actors . 
  a significant amount of the `` nato violations '' are cases of civilian aircraft operated by a nato country accidentally violating swedish airspace , in which cases the nato memberships are completely irrelevant as the violations take place in a civilian context rather than a military one . 
  for example , in february , a civilian airplane operated by the german government to conduct environmental surveillance used swedish airspace after misinterpreting the agreement surrounding the usage of our airspace within the frames of an environmental project that we 're also involved in . 
  that 's how quite a few of these violations go down . 
  adding to those numbers are violations during joint exercises within the frames of nordefco and nato , where foreign aircraft stray outside the airspace used for the exercise . 
  several violations also took place when the norwegian f16 's who had participated at ace15 in sweden returned to norway . 
  very dangerous and provocative !!, 
  `` above all , we should acknowledge that the collapse of the soviet union was a major geopolitical disaster of the century . '', 
  i would n't be surprised if my dog has better knowledges about security politics than you , better get your facts straight . 
  the u.s. has violated swedish airspace 7 times the last five years , whilst russia has done the same 6 times . 
  difference being that the u.s. violations often times have been attributed to civilian ( government operated ) aircraft , or unarmed transport/sigint aircraft . 
  they 've also been in contact with our mfa after each violations in order to avoid similar occurrences in the future . 
  russia does n't even apologize , nor do they acknowledge their violations . 
  the contexts of the violations are completely different as well , nato does n't practice nuclear strikes on swedish targets , nor do they violate swedish airspace in the process of said exercise . 
  but guess who does just that ? 
  four opposition parties are in favor , as well as the majority of sd : s voters . 
  there 's also an increasingly positive attitude towards nato from the social democrats . 
  a poll done 2015 by the civil contingencies agency puts the support for nato at 49 % , and the opposition a 34 % . 
  we 're definitely not uninterested , and there 's no lack of political drive regarding the question ( i 'd prefer it if the supporters were louder though ) . 
  he was a former student invited by a teacher to participate in the race , not a current student claiming to be 12 . 
   you ee seem to forget quite quickly how you did n't have to fight for your freedom , it was given to you by the ussr . 
  nice revisionism you got there . 
  the struggle for independence in the baltics was met by force , resulting in the death of several protesters . 
  and in azerbadjan more than a hundred protesters were killed , and even more injured or detained . 
  all this after continuously being fucked over for more than 50 years , and having hundreds of thousands of citizens deported or killed . 
  in terms of military force , yes . 
  but the decision making in nato is based on consensus within the organisation , so the actions of nato are n't dictated by the u.s. and that 's a pretty shitty attitude . 
  i suppose the west should allow these tiny useless post-soviet states to be fucked over once again by russia . 
  because that 's pretty much what you 're implying . 
  be sceptical all you want , but this is very real . 
  the police force is horribly managed by politicians ( not by police officers , because fuck their knowledge of the trade right ) , extremely underfunded , undermanned and the salaries are insanely bad . 
  a security guard with a few weeks of training is better paid than a police officer with 2,5 years of training . 
  come on dude , it 's not the fault of the police , but rather the politicians who have taken it upon themselves to lead the organisation . 
  there 's a reason why the actual police officers are furious , and not being allowed to properly do their job is one of them . 
  criticize the fucked up policies regarding the problems in the suburbs all you want , but please spare the police from it . 
  they 're stuck in a pretty fucking shitty spot , being underfunded , underpayed and drowning in horrible hr and administration forced upon them by politicians who deem themselves more competent to lead the police force than police officers themselves . 
  they all want to do their job , but ca n't due to the said state of the organisation . 
  that 's one of the reasons why the police union and the actual police officers are furious right now .
