  fuck you 're obsessed with that argument . 
  i think that every country which shares the interests of the eu and fullfils the requirements of a membership should be allowed to join , it most certainly is n't a right to be a member . 
  why should you be allowed to join a union whose interests you 're actively undermining ? 
  it 's not the un . 
  yes , as long as the country in question is n't actually run , or having its politics influenced by isis . 
  that 's an internal problem , just as it is in any eu country . 
  both i suppose , but going to helsing\u00f6r and getting wasted is and has been a popular trip since way back . 
  especially if you 're too young to go to the pub in helsingborg . 
  there are , though it 's not that much cheeper iirc ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i 've since moved further north ) , just easier to access . 
  those ferries were a gift from god when you were 16 and wanted to get drunk though . 
  had some good laughs at that interview , a big fucking clown . 
  need to read up on zhirinovsky . 
  no , the conclusion made in the report is supported by the assessments made by the security police , military intelligence , department of defence as well as the logical conclusion that this would be something in the interest of russia , and the fact that it 's not divergent from the assessments made in many other western countries . 
  ca n't say the same about your conclusion , but at least you tried !, 
  there 's about as much factual proof of your thesis as there is to the existence of unicorns . 
  how about you re-read my post . 
  the report concludes that russia 's involved in attempts to sway public opinion against nato , i named some of the idiotic shit regularly mentioned in said debate . 
  and i 'd guess that much of this ridiculous desinformation littering the nato debate originates from russia , which is n't farfetched , it 's concluded in this report . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/full/10.1080/01402390.2016.1273830 ), 
  first of all , this is n't even news , it 's a report by the institute of foreign policy . 
  the traces of russian propaganda efforts literally litter the nato debate in sweden . 
  it 's filled with lies and desinformation about how horrible a membership would be , that we would be forced to harbor nuclear weapons , fight the kurds for erdogan , have us military bases on our soil and that soldiers from said bases would be immune to punishment and eat our babies etc. 
  the conclusion made in this report confirms that . 
  if there are any efforts wort mentioning to sway the public opinion in the opposite direction , the ones responsible for said attempts suck at their job . 
   finnish `` academic '' johan b\u00e4ckman [ here 's an amusing and infuriating short documentary about that clown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vebpzxlk8o8 ), 
  that 's the preferable option , but i 'd still prefer hollywood to kremlin . 
  would you look at that !, 
   i 'd rather speak russian with my friends at the club than being killed in a war to protect my country what the actual fuck . 
  it 's entirely your choice , and i 'm fairly sure no one would be forced to take up arms in case of war unless you have some military training , or if russia was to empty its entire western military district and land it on our mainland . 
  but i sure hope you 'd be willing to participate in the civilian defence and do your part there . 
  otherwise , that 's a despicable attitude . 
  i 'm sceptical towards listening to both cohen and mearshimer about the situation in ukraine and russia . 
  cohen argues like he 's the editor in chief of sputnik news . 
  his entire argument is that the west was aggressive blabla , and he presents no proof of western involvement besides saying so . 
  the same goes for mearshimer , and the later argues that a sovereign state should be used like a buffer state by the west/us to satisfy russia . 
  but very well then , regarding the ridiculous notion that maidan was a foreign coup . 
  yes , some western politicans rhetorically supported the revolution and insisted that yanukovych should seek some sort of compromise with his opposition , though many did n't . 
  there was n't any assistance beyond the previously mentioned rhetorical support to the revolution . 
  no western presidents/prime minister called on yanukovych to step down during the revolution . 
  many welcomed the fact that he had abandoned his office , but that was after the revolution . 
  there 's literally ** no ** actual proof that it was a coup , just get over it . 
  non of the people you mentioned have presented anything besides words claiming that it was , they 've made no effort to confirm their claims with any evidence whatsoever . 
  i 've been in since 2013 , but i figure you got some solid inside info given that well developed and informative post . 
  figures , i 've yet to hear about people posting on reddit while asleep . 
   because i my accounts often gets banned when i start speaking to much truth to power , when i start exposing the powers that be , they usually try to sillence me . 
   many experts agree on this . 
  like who ? 
  marine lepen , nigel farage , rts editorial page and some alt-right conspiracy nut on trumps twitter ? 
  not since 2010 . 
  since then we 've had an entirely professional military , were you either serve on full ( self explanatory ) or part time ( 3-4 weeks per year ) . 
  i 've gotten the same impression , i 've generally not been impressed by them , neither at garrison nor in the field . 
  there are some good guys there though , we engaged a hv platoon which turned out to be squared away back on a\u00d615 , quite to our surprise . 
  idk where he 's from , but here everyone serving on part time have at least 9-11 months of training ( many have served full time before taking a civilian job/studying as well and continue to serve part time ) , and when they deploy they do it just as everyone else . 
  it 's typically 6 months of pre-deployment training , then a 6 month deployment . 
  yes !, 
  no , part time soldiers are soldiers serving in regular conventional units on part time . 
  they are required to do the 9-11 months of training , but instead of serving full time afterwards they serve 3-4 weeks per year . 
  the actual reserves are conscripts/soldiers who did their 9-11 months of training without choosing to continue on full/part time who come in occasionally ( every second year iirc ) to refresh and rehearse their skills . 
  your local defence units would be similar to our home guard , which is a different gig from part time service . 
  huh , thought service in hv was voluntary in norway . 
  ca n't imagine being drafted into that shit , not overly impressed by the hv guys we have around the regiment . 
  does n't seem to be a whole lot going on when they 're in either . 
  are all conscripts required to do it annually , or are you hv ? 
  i do n't know , the guys i know either study or work in law enforcement , emt etc. 
  for them it 's not an issue . 
  it 's a sweet gig here . 
  they get to come in for the actual fun like 4 weeks per year , there 's not a whole lot of fuckery going on since they usually come in when there 's actual exercises , often larger ones , so their time 's not wasted in the motorpool for two weeks straight . 
  sure they miss out on some shit , get crappier stuff than us , but it 's still pretty good . 
  lots of good guys who 've served full time in the units and deployed previously . 
  in this case , you serve 3-4 weeks per year . 
  mostly during larger exercises , but some regular rehearsal occurs as well . 
  well it 's from top to bottom , an order that makes sense , naming them as : lettland , litauen , estland would give me ocd due to the lack of order . 
  nothing besides that fact that i deem the fbi and cias assessments to be trustworthy , quite logical that they have n't released their actual evidence to the public , intelligence agencies does n't work that way . 
  anyway , evidence that russia has done anything deserving sanctions : georgia , transnistria , crimea/eastern ukraine ( annexation , invasion and mh17 all included ) to name some . 
   i ask for evidence that the russians have done anything deserving sanctions seriously ? 
   as she 'll finally do the interests of the french and not other people . 
  quite the opposite , if the interests of the kremlin are n't the interests of the french that is . 
  i 'm fine thanks . 
  you live next to us , i actually live here , and have done for 23 years . 
  it 's true that the discussion climate concerning immigration was quite toxic , a couple of years ago that is . 
  though privately it was never a big deal as far as i recall . 
  since the election 2014 , critical opinions towards large scale immigration have pretty much gone mainstream , being voiced by the largest opposition party as well as popular writers and journalists in mainstream newspapers . 
  hell even the current government who started out incredibly friendly towards immigration has taken a much tougher stance towards it . 
  there 's little to no stigma surrounding it right now , as long as you 're somewhat reasonable in your criticism . 
  well at least your username checks out . 
  they still do n't have the power to dictate the actual content , that would require a legislative change . 
  the content is managed by the management team of the program companies , the politically appointed board of directors lacks any form of direct influence over their work . 
  that russia should work to retain , and in the long run gain , influence in the internal politics of european countries . 
  which they 're doing by supporting and bonding with various far right parties , both in national and european politics . 
  the board members have no power to dictate the content broadcasted nor to valuate news . 
  the board president is chosen by the government , but the board members are n't . 
  they 're appointed by a foundation ( f\u00f6rvaltningsstiftelsen , ca n't come up with a good translation ) who 's board members are politicians from all eight parties represented in the parliament . 
  i 'm not arguing against how svt is managed in the administrational sense , but against the claim that they 're controlled by the government , which they quite frankly are n't . 
  the government , nor the parliament , does n't have the power to dictate what 's broadcasted , given how the board members and board president appointed by them does n't have that power . 
  it 's not controlled by the government . 
  it 's state financed as per usual with public broadcasters , but the government does n't dictate the content . 
  the original article was n't even posted by svt , that was dn , which is n't even a public broadcaster . 
  this article just quotes the original one posted by dn . 
  no it 's not `` very close '' , merkel herself has called for extending the sanctions on russia .
