`` 3000 '' - are n't 8000 + a day entering europe ? 
  my bad - although it 's not very democratic as something this big should be voted on by the people, 
  makes me laugh the uk will have 20,000 over a 5 year period ... or 2 and a half days worth of migrants . 
  49 % in favour ... or 51 % against . 
  i wonder at what point will leftists realise it 's unsustainable ? 
  what 's racist or `` bad maths '' about facts . 
  like the fact there are literally billions of potential economic migrants in africa alone . 
  rebuilding generally happens in the future . 
  stop trying to be argumentative . 
  arguably those educated `` best '' syrians are the ones who should be rebuilding the country , but now they are gone . 
  it begs the question - what is multiculturalism really ? 
  we seem to pick and choose parts of cultures that suits us , without the stuff we disagree with . 
  mutilating genitals , or should i say female circumcision , is an accepted part of islamic culture ( an estimated 95 % + girls have it in some arabic/african countries ) . 
  are n't we really just being bigoted to say it 's wrong through a lens of western culture ? 
  120,000 do n't just magically integrate for free - it 's expensive . 
  why damage europe when it makes no difference on the grand scheme of things ? 
  same situation in africa - the wild birth rates outstrip the refugees many times over . 
  you could accept refugees year after year and make no difference , but slowly deteriorate europe to the point of failure ( believe it or not there is limited space , infrastructure , jobs , etc ), 
  only 1 billion + more potential refugees from the entirety of africa / middle east , 
  sweden - yes too i imagine, 
  against because quite frankly 120,000 is a drop in the ocean anyway . 
  why help 120,000 golden ticket winners and not help millions ( billions if you include the world 's poorest ) ??? 
  plus it 's 120,000 of the more well off educated syrians - they can afford the thousands of euros to pay people smugglers - the more needy in syria are stuck . 
  it 's like a brain drain that 'll just make the country worse in the long run . 
  gone are the days we actually had the audacity to complain about poles ... give me a million poles over these useless middle eastern/african welfare sponges any day . 
  ah yes - i forgot we elected germany as leader of the eu . 
  someone needs to tell germany to stick this up their arse, 
  why is it ? 
  it 's their culture . 
  are you a bigot ? 
  just think - everything was mostly fine before this immigration stuff . 
  it 's a thorny issue which divides the country 's opinion - saying no would have less of an effect than saying yes , but here we are - they said yes , and it 's all going to shit . 
  crazy really . 
  having upset civilians who wanted immigration is far less worse than having a load of violent immigrants and of course loads of your civilians pissed off that you did n't listen to them ... imo . 
  the calculated answer was of course to say no in the beginning . 
  so germany invites migrants by the thousand , saying they 'll accept `` unlimited '' quantities ... then shuts the border before they reach germany ... god damn , germany is a sick son of a bitch , well played , trolled all of europe . 
  why ca n't palestine have its flag there ? 
  palestine has existed longer than israel , so what 's the deal there ? 
  just think when people look back on history this will all be seen as such an awful mistake to have made, 
  looks nice , but how long before it 's filled with concrete and housing for migrants built on top ? 
  let 's cut the bullshit here - it is literally only muslims who ca n't integrate . 
  poles , indians , chinese , european , whatever can integrate just fine . 
  200,000 is 1 % of syria 's population . 
  what about the rest ? 
  places like kind of show what could happen to europe as a whole over time - you ca n't just fill up entire islands , towns , cities etc with poor people hat expect them to remain rich places . 
  in fact if kos is anything to go by just 20 % of the population is enough to almost cause it to `` explode '', 
  maybe i should , but this is reddit . 
  most of the stuff posted here is incorrect ( maybe what you just said is ? ), 
  this is really going to tear the eu apart . 
  so much disagreement and trying to force quotas on countries that do not want it, 
  `` one time '' ... 
  there 's still literally billions of poor people left in the world who would love to migrate . 
  syria alone is a population of 1.8 million , so 120k is nothing . 
  none of the figures would make a blind bit of difference though . 
  take in 200 migrants - wow !, 
  even 10,000 is a drop in the ocean when the world has perhaps 2 billion + potential economic migrants that would be better off in europe ( probably way more actually ), 
  was referring to the isis threat - that has truly started now with a bigger influx . 
  i presume this has just started now . 
  syria has been at war for 3 years , now suddenly this influx of migrants . 
  the future is going to be bloody ... 
  any citation or proof the communist party killed more people ? 
  except for the military parade they have every year ? 
  no need to be bitter and lie on the internet . 
  70 years after ww2 seems like a reasonable excuse to have another , rather than feebly try to spin it as `` anti-japan '' ( although arguably looking at japan 's disgusting list of war atrocities makes anyone realise you 'd be happy japan did n't win the war with germany ), 
  they really look and sound `` syrian '', 
  does it really irk anyone else that germany has been encouraging this , then turns around and declares all of europe must help ... 
  as expected bbc just uploaded this video trimmed so the push is n't there and the blurb mentions police `` clashed '' with them literally seeing propaganda in front of our eyes, 
  but remember this is fake islam ... not be real islam , right ? 
  constructive . 
  it used to be libya 's job - europe even paid gadddafi to keep these people out, 
  the `` refugees '' protesting in hungary are all scum, 
  why are these people suddenly coming now ? 
  syris has been at war for over 2 years now ... what has triggered all this ? 
  how does it feel to see a once amazing country ( once called an ideal society ) literally crumble before you . 
  the sweden you grew up ( a wonderful place ) will never be enjoyed by you future generations . 
  the real damage of all this immigration wo n't be seen for several generations - we are lucky in that we wo n't have to . 
  he is making an honest observation - it 's not like you have to accept thousands , wait and see the futility of the action , then make a comment about it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya libya was the country stopping illegals entering europe to begin with - look who fucked that up . 
  the media narrative is falling apart - so today they release a few dead children photos . 
  disgusting to use bodies of children to guilt trip us into accepting these scum - they are already in a safe place , now they are just entitled assholes . 
  so what ? 
  there 's quite literally billions of potential refugees around the world, 
  let 's hope you 're right - but we are both just speculating . 
  not exactly fear mongering . 
  what should really astound you is that we have all these travel restrictions in place for people with passports , but these `` asylum seekers '' just seem to cross borders without a blink of the eye in their thousands . 
  i fail to see how i am fear mongering - just an honest observation . 
  who knows who is slipping in with these `` refugees '' . 
  would n't exactly be difficult to slip in a load of guns/bombs to be honest, 
  has anyone ever done any maths regarding how many migrants europe could accept before the infrastructure/housing/money runs dry ? 
  there is potentially billions of poor around the world who could seek asylum in europe , and given europe has a population of around 800 million - it 's obviously not possible to take them all , right ? 
  nobody has listened to their voices though , they 've had migrants forced on them without a vote to decide it . 
  in your kind you probably think you have a compelling argument though, 
  you ca n't just force immigrants on people , and force people to lash out , then claim `` huh we ca n't give in to terrorists , therefore let 's keep going with this crazy immigration ! '', 
  sort of have to agree with you there . 
  i live and work near bloomsbury in london and there are tons of buildings with these white fa\u00e7ades that look dirty . 
  i 've often thought about how they would look if cleaned up , but thinking about it that 's part of the beauty of it - a truly old , classic building . 
  maybe it 's time governments realised we actually want to have a say in this shit ? 
  i think our generation will be remembered , and utterly hated , for what we are doing right now . 
  we are the next baby boomer type generation . 
  old people flushing the future down the toilet for their short term gain ( makes her look progressive and cool ) .
