  but corruption and tax evasion are different matters , if sometimes parallel . 
   is n't it true that you also have higher tax evasion ? 
  not much higher than in other countries , really . 
  i 'm trying to find a source to avoid the empiric talk . 
  edit : found it !, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.cesifo-group.de/portal/pls/portal/docs/1/1190738.pdf ) , pdf , page 13 . 
  significant but not really that high . 
  i 'll just downvote and wo n't care to enlighten you . 
  educate yourself before exercising your fingers in the keyboard . 
  edit : fucking self-righteous pricks ... 
  i believe it 's impossible because our economy is n't as sound as in the nordic countries . 
  we still have an economy based on low wages , so most of the people really ca n't contribute more to the state . 
  also , our problem should n't be fixed with taxation alone . 
  the state should spend way way less than what it does . 
  how do they do it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  their productivity might explain it . 
  but you ca n't really argue that the portuguese ( emphasis on portuguese ) optimal point has been exceeded , when it is clearly visible on the latest economic indicators . 
  ** insanity ** : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . 
  in before my fellow redditors asking for what solution other than austerity , if i 'm so opinionated against it : i do n't know . 
  i did n't know shit about economics until 1 ~ 2 year ( s ) ago , so i 'm not qualified to answer properly . 
  i 've been trying to educate myself , though . 
  i believe that there should be some level of austerity , and budget cuts on the spending side of the state . 
  but please , oh please , do n't devaluate its people lifes just because you ca n't devaluate the common currency . 
  as you can see by my flair , i 'm portuguese , and i can say is disheartening so many austerity talk while you do n't see any measures to cut the spending government side . 
  you still have ruinous and criminal public-private partnerships ( 2000 million euros/year on public roads contracts ) , disastrous decisions ( buying a wealthies ' bank on the verge of collapse that had n't no risk of infecting the system , which is now an astonishing 6000 million euros mischief ) , no sign of salary cuts and perks to the governmental clique , new top cars every legislature ) , and so on . 
  you can only see deep cuts into the middle class , which is the basis of an economy based in services , because ` oh well , eu wants us to dismantle all of our industrial capabilities , leave that to france and germany ' . 
  well , i guess a country gets the government it diserves . 
  so be it . 
  i 'm not going to take you seriously . 
  but you 're labeling him as communist and lenin lover . 
  what about that ? 
  would n't it be better to bring him to reason ? 
  edit : ok , sorry . 
  i 'm with you . 
  so you do n't believe in solutions ? 
  just in putting the anger out there ? 
  i agree with you , i just do n't think that calling communist and fascist to each other is going to help . 
  without labels , there 's a lot less prejudice . 
  this kind of statments , from both of you and sasp777 are n't helping anyone . 
  i 'd really like to see this left wing/right wing dichotomy behind . 
  we need solutions , not political brand manuals . 
  the troika has brought a study of the portuguese faults and a series of counseling and tactics on how to structure its economy . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about : fulfilling goals that were given to us and in the way fix some of the structural problems . 
  one of the given goals was to renegociate the public-private deals , because they were wrong from the start ( and in my eyes , a case of the purest corruption ) . 
  i 've no problem with the concept , just with the outcome of these particular cases . 
   tear down labour laws , when you make firing easy you make hiring easier . 
  this has been done in the past years , more thoroughly earlier this year . 
   tear down bureaucracy , starting a new joint stock company should n't take more than two days , and operating one should be as easy as possible . 
  i do n't know what 's the status on this . 
   put more money on bringing foreign direct investment into the country , and give more support for export companies to expand in the continent and oversees . 
  there was a effort on this , but i believe most of the prospects went down the drain . 
  why ? 
  i dont ' know , but this is out of my ignorance . 
   raise consumption taxes , target for example import/sale of non-essential items such as cars with 50 % or 100 % car tax . 
  we 've 23 % vat , there 's not much more space for taxes in there . 
  eu ceiling for vat is 25 % . 
  cars already have an historic high tax in portugal . 
  maybe it could be higher , but nobody is buying cars , anyway ( sales fell 50 % last year ) . 
   raise energy taxes , target fossil fuel based energy as those are all imports . 
  we always had high gas prices . 
  i believe portuguese fuel is one the most expensive in europe . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  and then what what ? 
  do you have any observation you want to make , any idea what should we do ? 
  i 'd appreciate . 
  edit - i 'm going to take another 5 minutes trying to bring you the broader view : then , with a little re-negociation of the public-private partnerships , the troika agreement would be fulfilled . 
  this new taxes are n't going to the state , they are being redirected to the private companies as a mean of kickstarting the economy ( in economics theory , but our business fabric is more complex/weak than those of the economic models , so it probably wo n't work ) . 
  this taxes are not going to pay any debt . 
  if the government falls , and i believe it wo n't , everybody sit back and watch the * greecification * of portugal . 
  until now we had social peace , as everybody knew that we needed to put the country on its tracks . 
  this allowed us to go under the radar , behaving ourselves and presenting the country as a * good troika student * . 
  but the government took this as an opportunity to go on a ideologic crusade and turn the country in some neo-liberal wet dream , one that would n't shame mitt romney . 
  so , with these last measures , all hell broke loose . 
  the most valious asset - social peace and will to suffer and battle for some years to get things right - went right through the window . 
  everybody - employers and employees - are against the measure , even renowned and respected personalities from psd ( the main party at government ) are up in arms saying this is total madness . 
  i , personally , hope that the today 's manifestation ( grass roots , no party or union behind it ) helps to correct the ways of this government , not overthrow it . 
  but i 'm overly optimistic . 
  you 're talking from the heart , and while i understand it , you are dramatizing the outcome of this week 's turmoil . 
  the coalition is going to survive or metamorphose to something else , like a parliamentary agreement between the two parties . 
  i find the later very likely , as cds does n't want to get burned in the extreme neo-liberal lunacy ( and cds is more right wing leaning than psd ! ) . 
  the truth is that nobody wants this government to fall , as it would bring chaos and ps back to power . 
  most people just want to pressure the government to behave and just follow the agreement with the troika , which is n't that bad , considering the situation . 
  yes , i was simplifying a overly-complex situation , and i agree with what you said . 
  my problem is not even with the finnish finance minister said . 
  she is entitled to it and is fair game . 
  my problem lies with the the clear mindset that is dividing europe : the lazy southerners vs the competent northerners . 
  this is also over-simplifying . 
  take spain , for example : a country full of potential and living up to it , which at a certain point , made a huge mistake on the housing market . 
  they are n't lazy , they just made a mistake which could be , in broad terms , compared to the it bubble in the scandinavian countries , some years back . 
  it was just a rant , really . 
   solidarity never was meant to be just free money . 
  it 's not about the money at all , be it free ( eu funds ) or expensive ( bailouts/loans ) . 
  it 's the lack of unity and the evergrowing fingerpointing . 
  i have a madeleine mccann that i stole somewhere . 
  do you want to trade ? 
  well , you 've got to admit that it has a certain dr. phil touch to it ... 
  i 'm talking exactly about change from within , riled up for being part of something bigger , that served as an example of what the country could become . 
  that is true to a certain extent . 
  for countries like portugal though , there were legitimate aspirations that europe would save us from our own shortcomings .
