  we 're paranoid that the spanish will try to invade us again . 
  i would n't advise anyone trying to come to europe from angola or mozambique by boat . 
  it 's quite far , they can take a plane from tap . 
   but you made it worse leaving the colonies on their own no , they made it worse for themselves . 
  it 's up to them to not have a father figure - abusive or not - and do whatever they see fit with their countries . 
  be it nation building , or civil war . 
  my sweaty balls say it 's already here :(, 
   magn\u00edfico caralho that 's what she said . 
  last guy with those ideas was thrown out of a window into the tagus . 
  it 's better for all of us to keep the status quo . 
  the trailer is the almost the whole movie . 
  grow up . 
  that is the most reasonable explanation . 
  massive reply ? 
  oh man , i 've got work to do !, 
  i should n't worry though , by the pace of reddit today , the comment will show up long after business hours . 
  do you believe it 's only a problem originating from the left ? 
  oh it certainly is n't . 
  everyone is to blame , starting from the top tier . 
  take our right leaning universities , for example . 
  what do they do ? 
  they create entrepreneurs ? 
  no ... they create top staff to feed the multinational companies . 
  it 's all about showing your business card to your friends , not going through the hardships of getting something from the ground up . 
  this is just a small example . 
  that 's pretty cool from you . 
  thanks !, 
  where did my initial comment went ? 
  the whole situation was absurd . 
  the security circus was completly mind-blowing , like every portuguese wanted to kill angela merkel . 
  insane and completely false . 
  we 're not in good terms with her strict austerity , but we know that she/germany did n't put us in this situation . 
  adding insult to injury , the security apparatus prevented people going to their works , so the chancelor 's visit rendered some portuguese unproductive . 
  how about that ? 
  it all looked a bit too much colonial and insular . 
  where did my initial comment went ? 
  the whole situation was absurd . 
  the security circus was completly mind-blowing , like every portuguese wanted to kill angela merkel . 
  insane and completely false . 
  we 're not in good terms with her strict austerity , but we know that she/germany did n't put us in this situation . 
  adding insult to injury , the security apparatus prevented people going to their works , so the chancelor 's visit it rendered some portuguese unproductive . 
  how about that ? 
  it all looked a bit too much colonial and insular . 
  the security circus was mind-blowing . 
  in my opinion , completely disproportionate and unnecessary , making it look like every portuguese wanted to kill angela merkel . 
  insane . 
  what 's most interesting , people wanted to go to work , and the security aparatus for the chancellor stopped people from being productive . 
  how about that ? 
  all this looked like a bit too much colonial and insular . 
  i only wait for the green light when i 'm with my kids , for teaching them . 
  you feel like a freak standing still there , while the street is empty and everybody around ignores the green light . 
  we should just stop bickering and start calling ourselves south european china already . 
  if i had enough money to be worried about , honestly i would be doing it too . 
  a man has to think about its family first . 
  edit : downvotes for honesty . 
  how cool is that ? 
  i 'm not talking about escaping from taxes , i 'm referring to having my savings ( after taxes ) safe in a foreign bank where it wo n't be devaluated to 1/10 of its actual value when greece ( or portugal , for that matter ) leaves the euro . 
  how old are you ? 
  exactly , that 's a trend i found in his comments . 
  everyone is entitled to have his own opinion , but when your full comment history is all about the same subject , that is n't simply an opinion . 
  it 's a ** very ** strong opinion and probably with an agenda behind it . 
  i 'm sorry , not going for your bait . 
  i 've gone through your comment history and i did n't find that `` decent arguments '' that you asked others for . 
  just right wing gibberish ( and i 'm not even a leftist ) . 
  spending for getting re-elected only happens at municipal level ( but it contributes greatly to the deficit , no doubt about it ) . 
  at central governmental level , everything is done with the purpose of getting a well paid job after completing the legislature . 
  and that 's why we have so many pernicious contracts . 
  the tapayers provides millions in public funds with the only purpose of getting an ex-minister a golden job later . 
  you make it look like it was the common guy on the streets who accumulated this huge debt of ours . 
  that might be true to a certain ( and limited ) extent , like the frenzy to buy homes with bank loans , but who 's fault is it ? 
  the people who were n't educated about economics ? 
  or the banks that found the gold pot by loaning like there was no tomorrow ? 
  and all this mess we 're in , is it really the common portuguese blame ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  we do share a guilt , though . 
  we , as a society , generated and put on the power our own worst . 
  some have been done , but not nearly enough . 
  the spending has been masked by the extra taxes . 
  one of the glaring examples are the public-private partnerships . 
  while i have no problem with the concept , i do have with the outcome of such endeavors in portugal . 
  it 's the most clear example of high corruption in the country . 
  take the road constructions and concessions : a timebomb that will go off in 2 years , with an increase of 2.000 million euros/year , the outcome of a pretty disastrous arrangement . 
  pretty sweet deal for the guys who did it though . 
  you can have it in the same category , but i consider corruption a much broader term than tax evasion . 
  so , being lower on the ranking might mean other forms of corruption than tax evasion ( bribes , justice corruption , etc ) . 
  so that 's why i would n't consider them exactly the same thing or use the corruption inxed alone . 
  i 'll change my taxation for your 50 % upwards any day of the week . 
  but i want the same results you have in sweden . 
  annnnd there lies the problem : the government wo n't do anything good woth more money . 
  they 'll just spend it away . 
  so this is not about portuguese avoiding taxes ( they do n't , for the vast majority ) or not being happy with higher taxes ( nobody does ) . 
  you 've been suggesting this the whole thread . 
  this is about responsible spending of public money . 
  that 's all we ask . 
  90 % of the solution has been tax hikes , 10 % cutting on expenses . 
  and when they do it , it 's on social expenses . 
  believe me , there are a lot of ways to cut the expending in portugal . 
  if we 're talking corruption , i 'm with you . 
  corruption at state level is high . 
  not so much on lower levels .
