  they still steal things , that 's mostly the reason for people not liking them . 
  they have also ruined few perfectly fine swedish last names . 
  i do n't know much about mh17 but did it have anything to do with the war ? 
  was it used as justification for an attack or something . 
  if some random plane would crash in lapland , war with russia would n't be the first one on my mind . 
  that would n't work out because nobody would believe that we would attack russia . 
  if it comes to black-and-white situation , i 'd rather join nato . 
  but currently i do n't support it . 
  i just do n't buy that russia would just attack us . 
  speaking as a conscript i 'm not afraid or paranoid of war with russia at all . 
  more nordic military cooperation would be nice though . 
  i wish finland had this , could 've dodged military conscription easily . 
  well , the easiest thing to point out is natural physical qualities like hair/eye/skin color , size/type of your head . 
  then comes the talk about intelligence and `` racial purity '' . 
  discrimination . 
  racism is thinking that certain race is superior/inferior to others . 
  would it be racist if other germans would start discriminating bavarian culture ? 
  that word hardly means anything currently , because people like you throw it around constantly . 
  i 've never thought so . 
  oh the horror of 13 year old chubby teenager throwing a tantrum . 
  you know nothing , jon sand . 
   and a `` cuckold nation do n't bring france into this . 
   we wish we would have saved more people from the nazis , or at least not helped germany . 
  top kek m8 , meanwhile in [ finland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5fbmey1gl4 ) , and we are apologizing to nobody . 
   true swedes that 's racist . 
  if we are speaking about finland , i would say bandidos are bigger `` threat '' than angels . 
  what i 've understood , in the biker/criminal scene angels are more respected and are more `` traditional '' , some say they have moved more to seemingly legal businesses . 
  bandidos are the most numerous gang and are a bit more fucked up in the head . 
  thank you ussr for attacking us . 
  how about singapore ? 
  they have ( or have had ) pretty authotarian government with one party holding power for ages . 
  is the male-female ratio in france 50-50 ? 
  and if i remember right the difference is `` just '' few million , which is n't that huge when we are talking about china , anyways there was an article about more chinese men marrying russian women . 
   gay since 1944 . 
  this settles it . 
  nice story but we are talking about refugees . 
  how about knives ? 
  and soviets who killed like 70 % of german troops . 
  i would expect that from russia , not sweden . 
  i think swedes would stop caring after few days . 
  if the best thing happens and swedish is no longer mandatory , do you really think that would change our relationship with sweden ? 
  also , where you people find the energy to still be paranoid of russia ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jq5u_vvbzk ) finland 's conscription in a nutshell . 
  is it true that your pm said that sweden belongs to immigrants ? 
  same thing as calling uk 's labour party far-left . 
  so , first media tells how this breed attacked other dog/human . 
  secondly the media tells this breed is dangerous . 
  then they ban that breed . 
  and you say `` yeah , this makes sense '' ? 
  hello . 
  conscript here . 
  well , here in finland , if you 're male you get to choose 1 ) conscription ( 6 , 9 or 12 months , depends what role you are assigned ) , 2 ) civil service ( year ) , 3 ) prison ( do n't know how long ) , 4 ) try to lie your way out of conscription ( `` i use drugs and i might kill myself '' ) . 
  just think how easily that law could be used for humans . 
  `` this ethnicity has been branded as dangerous ( proof or not ) and have been banned '' your law is idiotic , so is the mentality behind it . 
   it makes sense when you think that we do n't want people to have a lion as a pet either . 
  no it does n't , we are speaking of a dog here , dogs can be easily trained . 
  just admit that that dog law of yours is idiotic . 
  snus master race , one of the few good things coming from sweden . 
  and putin would be like `` what submarine ? 
  we want some challenge . 
  unseen blade is the deadliest . 
  what is your point ? 
  what about greece ? 
  estonian alcohol fuels our hard work . 
  well put them to smaller cities , and do n't you say no because that would make you racist . 
  `` i 'm not safe in my country '' - i do n't believe you `` i 'm christian and gay '' - ok , fill this form and you 're welcome . 
   i identify myself as far-left yes , i can see your flag . 
   without blaming their culture . 
  why not ? 
   integration of those that desire to stay nomadic . 
  how ? 
  more like wildlings raiding the estonian alcohol stores . 
  i think that 's the same guy who was in finnish version of dragon 's den , afaik his invention had something to do with coffee machine and disco lights . 
  not weird but rather funny , my stepfather was visiting some caribbean island ( you 've seen the videos where plane lands real close of the beach , that one ) . 
  one of the locals was very interested of finland and wanted to visit finland really bad but his wife would n't let him because she thought they 'd freeze to death . 
  he also thought that when winter comes , the sea freezes instantly , like the waves freeze in that position . 
  i wanted to be that dude , now my job is to spot ~ ~ russian ~ ~ enemy air craft with thermal camera/whatever that is . 
  politicians will laugh at your silent revolution and import more immigrants . 
  my dad also used to throw molotov cocktails at them . 
  well quit whining and write an article about it . 
  i 'd just spend the winter in a cave and come back in summer when it 's habitable again . 
  back off , that spot is ours . 
  rome total war , i remember being about 13 and i could easily play that game 18 hours in a row . 
   alliance of antifascist fighters judging by the name , i 'd put them to same category as skinhead gangs . 
  and the girl goes `` no '' . 
  they are pretty good at shoplifting , one woman put a fucking dishwasher under her skirt with another one walking directly after her and holding the machine . 
  jews were also genocided and treated badly during middle-ages , now they are rich fucks . 
  russian troops doing something in russia ? 
  we must order new aircrafts , dig trenches near the border , buy mercenaries etc. 
  even if this would happen in the other side of russia media would tell how it 's only 1469km from finnish border . 
  what brazzers tier porn sites are kids using these days ? 
  unless you rule out pornstar category , there are a lot of amateur / `` normal looking '' women porn videos . 
  i used to ^ * cough * spend more time looking for good vids than fapping . 
  swedes are holding an emergency meeting over who to call racist this time since obama is black . 
  also sodankyl\u00e4 ( village of war ) , home of jaeger brigade . 
  yeah fuck pure drugs , give us drug dealers who cut it multiple times with god knows what ( in a gangland documentary one organization put baby laxatin to meth ) before it reaches the customer , of course giving money to said criminals and every reason for them to kill each other . 
  if you listen closely , you can hear swedes screaming out of joy . 
   to muslims depictions of their prophets are forbidden well boohoo , what you 're gon na do , kill someone ? 
  i hate all allies .
