  most likely tied to immigrant gang violence . 
  i see it all the time being used on / int / . 
  just use alphabetical order for latvia and lithuania . 
  bestland does sound better than bestonia . 
  i imagine france has some sort of welfare . 
  usually it 's either to get some fucking respect by being big and optionally fighting russia . 
  or just another step towards some unified earth bullshit . 
  why would n't sweden want chickens ? 
   as , you can see there 's a slight difference yes i see the difference 100 % . 
  depends if it 's legal in x country . 
  well what do you think of this ? 
  is it better to let rapists go free and hope they do n't rape again or lock them up for a few years to teach that this is not what we approve ? 
  obviously it 's better to let them rape . 
  you have my knife . 
  well russia has kind of macho culture so ... 
  i would rather have more co-operation with other nordics tbh . 
  i 'm not a fan if this takes any steps to `` why do n't we just become one , big country ? 
  i 'm supportive of eu military but finland wo n't become a part of eu federation . 
  we have been under foreign rule most of our time , wo n't happen again . 
  stop trying to make federation happen . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  yes yes come to finland buy quality dairy products yes come spend money . 
  why would n't big cities use the mandatory official language in their signs and magazines ? 
  if you live in a big city you do n't really need to learn the native language . 
   of course if you stay long you should learn the langage . 
  why ? 
  i quite like my language and like using it everyday in my home country . 
  are you trying to say something ? 
  or maybe build some safe areas in that country ? 
  i meant it more as a funny point . 
  do you guys have a low self-esteem since you respond in a rather rude manner when someone wonders why you are writing in 2 languages ? 
  does n't really bother me , thought it was rather weird that 's all . 
  neither i 'm taking any offense , seriously . 
  what do you propose ? 
  that these wo n't be reported ? 
  or reported as `` man died '' ? 
  you ca n't just order how people should react to this . 
  230 languages and you 're pretty much only one writing in both languages . 
  that 's kinda the point of terrorism . 
  how is that an embarrassing for isis ? 
  this attack is spreading fear and anger in europe . 
  this was a terrorist attack and the suspect had the flag of isis . 
  terrorist organization that claims parts of europe as it 's territory . 
   more people die in traffic accidents in my city every day . 
  most traffic accidents are that , accidents . 
  what is , in your opinion , better answer to this ? 
  he 's not telling them how to live their lives , just saying that believing in sky wizards is as idiotic as an adult believing in santa claus . 
  do n't know about colombians but we do have an asian minority here , and they 've integrated quite well , which seemed to be the subject . 
  well you can look up the stats of how many people had x mother language in 2014 . 
  i selected what i thought were relevant groups . 
  somali ( 16.7 k ) arabic ( 14.8 k ) chinese ( 10.1 k ) thai ( 8k ), 
   it 's not so massive that one could legitimately associate all immigrants with all rapes or other crimes . 
  nobody does that , it 's mostly african/middle-eastern ( `` muslim '' ) immigrants/background , you rarely see chinese rape gangs on the news . 
  well , this is mixture of both i guess . 
  politicians and everyone wanting to look professional want to toughen up the punishment , everybody else is saying the problem is with the people . 
  it 's not exactly a secret that african/middle-eastern immigrants/background are over-represented in the rape crimes . 
  yeah well tbh this is the first time i 'm hearing about this whole website . 
  nope , the outrage is mostly against soft punishments for rape , not against somalis . 
  might be in a police custody but they will not end up in jail for this . 
  even if that were true , that would leave 20 % to non-natives , and non-natives are n't nowhere close of being 20 % of our population . 
  person with african background is 12 times more likely to commit rape than a finnish man in finland . 
  it has most likely nothing to do with their nationalities but their shitty culture . 
  also , 1/3th of rapes ( that police knows of ) is done by person with foreign background . 
  never fully understood this native americans and immigration argument . 
  is n't that working against pro-immigration view ? 
  horders of `` immigrants '' arrive and they fucking kill most of them . 
  how popular is snus ? 
  too bad our metro network is too small for any kind of metro 2033 experience . 
  i do n't think bikers are a huge problem in finland today . 
  you mostly hear about them in the news when police raids their clubhouses and find 20 $ worth of weed . 
  get used to it . 
   extreme right never heard this before , it 's far-right . 
  what about it ? 
  finland belongs to finns and i see nothing wrong with that . 
  do n't you like global diversity ? 
  xenophobic = far-right . 
  then why they do n't cry about 23andme ? 
  everyone can send a sample of their saliva and see if they have arab blood . 
  where is the race war ? 
  swedish politics is 50 shades of red , except sd . 
  `` when there is no racism , we must invent it '' said mr declosmenil . 
  `` this is how we get paid '' he added . 
  [ amateurs ] ( https://static.ylilauta.org/files/ev/orig/8cvrnzpl/iha%20vitun%20ilmanen.jpg ), 
  do n't you like global diversity ? 
  i expect to see turks and turkish culture when i visit turkey . 
  also hate it when every holiday destination is swarmed by swedes when i go there . 
  check your privilege . 
  iirc our government gave them a normal plane ticked . 
  it 's vihta , btw . 
  legal . 
  brothels and pimping are not . 
  tell us about our waffen ss battalion that was never accused of war crimes . 
  wiking was commanded by germans . 
  i only got my mouth washed with soap . 
  fearful of putin ? 
  try annoyed . 
  swedish snus . 
  i enjoy this . 
  stay away from me . 
  sweden is the neighbor that after seeing your new car goes and buys a better one .
