how it comes that you list facebook , google among latvian media ? 
   usa was only interested in stopping war crimes in the middle of europe . 
  this one sentence exposes you as an obvious troll and a lair . 
  your sense of humor takes quite a toll on your logic, 
  stalin perfectly knew war is inevitable and tried to build joint coalition with france and gb . 
  when these attempts failed he had no other choice to postpone the clash by making a deal . 
  regarding the rest of your claims about ignoring intelligence and disappearing i may only say sorry about time you have wasted by reading various historyporn . 
  none of this claims supported by original documents or witneses 's accounts . 
  where did i claim this mr. 
  genius ? 
  the only country which fit your description actually is not european in strict sense . 
  usa which had attacked and bombed serbia to cut off kosovo is situated in opposite hemisphere . 
  there is one for you . 
  stalin also warned france & gb about hitler many times . 
  he offerd military alliance to contain nazis and got no answer from london and paris . 
  i suppose you know the rest of the story . 
  what did you expect from people who like to burn people alive like it hapenned in odessa ? 
  right sector and alike are nazis . 
  failing to see this obvious facts makes polish position in current conflict very shortsighted . 
  it resembles very much position that western powers had hoping to use hitler againts stalin . 
  today west ( including poland ) makes the same mistake by bringing to live and supporting another ultranationalistic movement in europe . 
  why not ? 
  europeans have reach deep traditions when it comes to forming culturaly and politically homogenous communities . 
  assimilate or leave . 
  history shows one day it always come to this simple alternative . 
  pure sensationalism . 
  putin personally or even in his capacity as president never had anything to do with treaty of 1947 . 
  this land belonged to ussr before and rf being a successor-state simply re-register\u0443d these land rights due to ` corporate rebranding ', 
  system failed or some persons who have names intentionally failed system ? 
  that a big question . 
  current narrative in british mainstream media is all about making this a side story , random fluctuation . 
  the only way to change it is direct action . 
  would you object if a slave who was raped and tortured confronted her former owner in the street ? 
  i suppose you would . 
  since of course he also have rights just like you . 
  the only person who was denied her rights first for freedom and safety and then for free speech is that poor girl . 
  and she should be definitely prosecuted so your rights and right of slaveowners could stay sacrosanct . 
  ever heard expression ` extreme situations demand extreme measures ' ? 
  do n't you think that situation were hundreds or maybe thousands of girls are subjected to humiliation , violence and rape today is a bit extreme ? 
  may be there should be mass arrests already under way ? 
  may be there is need for urgent legislative amendments and initiatives ? 
  where are they ? 
  instead we have pieces like that where victim character is assassinated by claims of drunkenness and disorderly behavior . 
  do you think it is just coincidence ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  have you forgotten that the same cops were turning blind eye for last 16 years ? 
  taking this into consideration do n't you think you should be giving props to whoever it was who miraculously made them to see again ? 
  and do you believe that justice and security should be dependable on ` miracles ' like this ? 
  do really believe this ? 
  this small town in south yorkshire had the same problem like rochdale , derby , oxford , telford . 
  it not isolated incident . 
  it ' a business enterprise like drug trade and it exists because it 's allowed to exist . 
  i spent almost 25 years living in various muslim countries . 
  i believe that have some level of expertise to evaluate facts and make my conclusion . 
  you may dislike it as much as you can . 
  but i thank you for at least trying to discuss this issue . 
  others who blessed my post with minuses obviously have not even the most feeble arguments to present . 
  actually you are wrong . 
  there are at least one system which was almost immune to corruption . 
  namely soviet union between 1926-60 . 
  that was a not a paradise of course but corruption was unheard of . 
  reasons are simple . 
  money stopped to be that much attractive , because a bit too much and you are a class enemy . 
  almost the same with power . 
  no untouchables . 
  personal responsibility for even prosaic misdeeds was indeed extreme at that time including capital punishment . 
  corruption still existed but it was almost exclusively about petty black market deals . 
  it never was a political factor . 
  now coming back to current europe . 
  do you think sweden does n't have the same problem . 
  let me assure you they do and also according to all ratings they have absolutely minimal level of corruption . 
  if corruption is not a factor why then epidemic of rapes perpetrated by immigrants in sweden never hits headlines . 
  simple answer is that swedish political elite is as culpable as the perpetrators . 
  they created conditions and continuing to preserve status quo which makes immigrant rapists go unpublishable . 
  i am usually bad at forecasts but even i could see something looming over horizon if nothing done to brake this circle now . 
  why do you think so ? 
  but of course i never was there . 
  i only visited capital city londonistan once and had more than enough impressions to strike it off my register of places to visit again . 
  like in rotherham ? 
  the best they can say is ` never again ' . 
  never again scots should die for interest of london city . 
  never again scotland should sacrifice its sons for imperial ambitions of westminster . 
  never again . 
  london city will be devastated without money of wealthy arabs and other muslims . 
  this is all you need to know about why no officials are going to be punished for willful negligence and the tragedy of rotherham will go on . 
  these white girls were sold into sex slavery by british liberals and multiculturalists . 
  deal is sealed by royal treasury accumulating taxes from muslim business and approved by british public voting for labor again and again . 
  now when further profits from scottish oil looks more and more hypothetical establishment will not take risk antagonizing another sizable and influential minority . 
  this is how real european democracy works . 
  very good illustration of anti-russian bias in western press . 
  no fact checking , second opinions , pier reviews . 
  all standards of reporting go to hell if it 's something bad about russia . 
  level of bullshit in this article is too high even for some western journalists who are well known for their anti-putin stance . 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2014/09/03/8-things-masha-gessen-got-wrong-about-russian-demography/ ` here is the list of the countries that , in 2012 , had lower total fertility rates than russia : bosnia and herzegovina , portugal , singapore , south korea , poland , spain , serbia , greece , hungary , slovak republic , germany , italy , japan , thailand , macedonia , austria , latvia , czech republic , cuba , moldova , cyprus , lebanon , bulgaria , croatia , switzerland , romania , ukraine , estonia , luxembourg , slovenia , and lithuania . ', 
  using pronoun ` we ' while referencing personal experience may be a strong indication of multipolar mental disorder . 
  i would strongly recommend you to learn speaking for yourself and avoiding absolutely unfounded generalization . 
  you may also find it entertaining to read the history of irish rebellions against ` fascist ' british empire . 
  there also was prohibition to speak and use native language , bombardment of densely populated areas and so on . 
  imagine that ulster was given to ireland and rose in rebellion to stay with britain . 
  would you support their struggle or abandon them ?
