  i strongly believe it would be invaluable to have answer to this question handy in discussions about current turmoil in ukraine . 
  russia today is making everything possible to avoid big war while supporting people who fighting to secure their future within russian federation . 
  it complex and very risky thing to do , much more risky than liberating occupied malvinas . 
  britain had no challenge like that since ww2 . 
  but no one know his future and one day your country may find yourself in russian ` shoes ' . 
  think about it . 
   why not just leave us alone . 
  have you already informed your current masters from nato about this desire ? 
  concequencies is a key word here . 
  you see ` national-socialist ' was once just another brand of politics . 
  but policies implemented under this brand in germany compromised this political movement for many generations if not forever . 
  political corectness became a reason why innocent people get raped , killed , terrorised and should be dumped for better . 
  think about inquisition . 
  at the time of its introduction it was quite progressive judicial mechanism much less cruel or barbaric in comparison to common law . 
  it degraded into massive witchhunts and became a symbole of perverted justice later . 
  the same happening today with ` liberal ' , ` leftist ' ideologies . 
  if not for this alcoholic poor steppe people who by accident are the only nation capable of sending humans to space at the moment there would n't be any czechs today . 
  under generalplan ost , it was assumed that around 50 % of czechs would be fit for germanization . 
  the czech intellectual elites were to be removed not only from czech territories but from europe completely . 
  the authors of generalplan ost believed it would be best if they emigrated overseas , as even in siberia they were considered a threat to german rule . 
  just like jews , poles , serbs , and several other nations , czechs were considered to be untermenschen by the nazi state . 
  sorry if my remarks would hurt you but do n't you think that the very fact of emmigration is already enough to stop consider someone italian or german . 
  emmigrants are no longer part of the society they wilfully abandoned . 
  they live in different country contributing to culture and economy of their new homeland . 
  emmigrants are not obliged to pay taxes or protect country of their ancestors in time of war , their very existance is irrelevant when it comes to future destiny of their former motherland . 
  so in all fairness they must lose any claim to their native history and culture . 
  you simply ca n't have it both ways , some part of identity must be dominant ( american or german ) . 
  equilibrium in this case is hardly possible . 
   to get the russians out of crimea germans had plans like that before that ended bad, 
   russia invaded georgia you mean georgia attacked sout ossetia by shelling sleeping city with heavy artillery and rockets ? 
   he did not , and made a direct reference as to my person , to which i replied . 
  i see no point to argue law with ` educated ' person who see no difference between http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuremberg_laws and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuremberg_trials, 
   international law is also part of every state 's legal system us state attorneys and supreme court somehow do n't share you view in that respect  mine is actually well researched and an educated opinion did anyone tell you that praising yourself is not a substitution for factual argument ? 
   this misunderstanding of democracy why you think that your understanding is any better ? 
  to me this claim for superior understanding is clear indication of bias . 
   rule of law nuremberg laws included ? 
  when praising lack of choice and discouriging discussion become new standards for democracies ? 
  indeed , pavel fedorovich . 
  each city actually has two distinct brands of police force . 
  criminal police and public order police . 
  criminal police runs investigations of serious crimes and public order police takes care about drunks and general issues like policing public events and streets . 
  formaly they are part of the same structure but there are some differences in appointment procedures . 
  all heads of criminal departments appointed directly by internal affairs minister without participation of third party , where in case of public order department minister would need to seek approval of candidate by local governor . 
  france can not sell these ships to anyone except russia because they are joint production . 
  sterns for both ships were built in russia and stay property of russian federation . 
   while regional law enforcement leadership are appointed by regional governors this is factually wrong . 
  all law enforcment structures in russia are federal organs by constitution and their heads appointed either by parliament ( e.g. 
  general attorney ) or president . 
  how about afromaidan or arabmaidan ? 
  as it appears russia never offered this ` exchange ' http://wyborcza.pl/1,75968,17700850,co_z_propozycja_pomnik_za_pomnik__borodino__czyli.html, 
   colonized by poland after 1945 do you mean gifted to poland by stalin ? 
  edit : thanks for downvotes . 
   russo-phobia in the cee does n't get from pro-western media bias of the last 25 years yes , it does . 
  do you mean beyond facts ? 
   tannenberg line ** german army ** detachment `` narwa '' was estonian ? 
   fought like hell really ? 
  tell me about those battles , please . 
  taking into formula size of russian and estonian air fleets would make incursion you mentioned ( 2006 ) equal to massive air raid / s, 
  cheers , brothers !, 
   my paint is that they are not running anything even approaching a socialist system in russia contrary to many people who seem to think it 's still 1976 . 
  now i see you definitely have no idea what you are talking about . 
  latest labour code adopted in 2001 is actually even more skewed in favour of employee in comparison with old soviet labour code . 
  that man should start spamming police with data of latest census claiming he intends to fuck everyone every day including queen , prime-minister and so on . 
  just in case . 
  in real world it vice versa to your statement . 
  \u2022 regular working hours can not generally exceed 40 hours a week and overtime is limited to extraordinary circumstances \u2022 holiday allowance of 28 days which can not be waived or bought out , and up to half of which can be carried over to the following year . 
  failing to provide leave in full is grounds for prosecution . 
  a mandatory holiday schedule states when employees are to take their annual leave . 
  \u2022 maximum probationary period of three months ( six months for a senior executive ) \u2022 an employee can not be prevented from holding a second job , even at a competitor \u2022 non-compete and non-solicitation clauses are unenforceable and considered unconstitutional \u2022 there are no ard or tupe-like provisions . 
  to transfer to a new employer , employees must be dismissed and re-hired , which requires their written consent . 
  the new employer is not bound by the previous terms and conditions ; \u2022 any employee may resign unilaterally on two weeks ' notice regardless of any contractual provision to the contrary ; \u2022 employment can only be terminated on grounds specified in the labour code . 
  these include : repeated failure to fulfil duties without justifiable reason , absenteeism , theft and redundancy . 
  there is no concept of ` at will ' termination , so it is impossible to dismiss someone simply by notice . 
  \u2022 fixed-term contracts are only permitted in specific circumstances outlined in the labour code ; http://www.bakermckenzie.com/files/publication/b5a26551-dc89-41a9-91d9-2695e8b931a7/presentation/publicationattachment/5b344722-78e3-489b-a75f-29002211662d/ar_london_employmentlawrussia_janfeb13.pdf, 
  sorry , no banana here . 
   not mass deporting these people is an open invitation for more to come oh , that ... 
  invited ? 
  citation pending . 
  there are many russians with polish background . 
  our countries had quite a bit of common history as you know . 
  problem with europeans is that once in a century they try to wipe out my nation and steal our land . 
  that 's the only reason why we prefer to have frighteningly strong leaders capable to protect the country . 
  looks like irony indeed needs a special tag on this subreddit . 
  the kind of self-deception you demonstrate by claiming any kind of superiority proved to be very lethal for rp and in the end led to ukrainian revolt and partitions . 
  why people never learn ? 
  polish imperialism is better because it 's polish . 
  i have been in london thrice staying for about a month . 
  first time in 1994 . 
  last time 2014 . 
  contrast was huge and today it 's no more on my list of attractive destinations due to drastic changes in demographics and security . 
  burka is symbol of aggressive alien ideology like swastika . 
  it should be legally prohibited at any circumstances . 
  are there plans to reestablish halychina and nachtigal ? 
  they would fit quite nicely . 
   krai = huge uninhabited region, 
  since you are banned from google and wiki happy to inform you that russian flag has strips of white , blue and red aligned horizontally , the french one has blue , white , red aligned vertically . 
  moscow tv tower after attack in bataclan http://www.vm.ru/news/2015/11/14/ostankinskuyu-bashnyu-otkrasili-v-tsveta-flaga-frantsii-303125.html, 
  `` where is abel your brother ? 
  and he said , `` i do not know : am i my brother 's keeper ? '', 
  how about one immigrants kill you , steal all your money , burn your house and give your neighbor 100 $ .
