england , spain and italy, 
  we had some in london a few years ago . 
  i do n't even remember what for anymore . 
  i do remember thinking that all the people rioting did n't look like they were interested in the cause , they were just chavs and hooligans there to break things, 
  it 's the only country i can think of with a multicultural stereotype . 
  there are negatives for sure but there are like 10 different styles of americans in my eyes, 
  i 'd take that, 
  are you mental ? 
  southerners have a reputation for being cold awful bitches whilst northerners are the friendliest people in the world . 
  people, 
  well , i have been doing squats - thankyou for noticing !, 
  they also caused fights at mosques and one of their supporters [ murdered a member of parliament ] ( https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/736244/mps-call-for-britain-first-to-be-listed-as-terrorist-organisation-after-jo-cox-murder/amp ), 
  there are people that do for sure but it was hardly anyone that talked about it this time . 
  we have tits on the first inside page of our mainstream newspapers but we ca n't google for porn . 
  we do n't have our priorities straight . 
  i 'm pretty sure you play eu4 to know those countries ? 
  desperate to move to canada or nz . 
  just wish i had a sponsor or a profession they care about . 
  you can tell them to go fuck themselves, 
  yep . 
  varying qualities have various groups that drink it . 
  that 's also the problem with a lot of our womenfolk, 
  do n't mistake it for the election circus you know and love ( ? 
  ) , just because elections are happening all the time does n't mean we hear about them on the news . 
  it is n't exactly big time news most of the time . 
  33mph vs 40mph or 44mph vs 52 mph, 
  the traffic lights near me only turn red if traffic is turning onto the junction , they 'd be green in this scenario, 
  i think just ` dust ' works just fine here, 
  we eat our fish deep fried , so if anyone else has a better claim to fishing they probably are n't best pleased . 
  edit : and also drink our tea with milk, 
  coeur de pirate ( did the ost for child of light ) oublie moi - also the english version is top [ coeur de pirate - oublie-moi ] ( https://open.spotify.com/track/3lij9wkwj1k89thmwgmaqr ) [ english version - coeur de pirate - carry on ] ( https://open.spotify.com/track/2ywvcowituweppi06en289 ) for ultimate chill i can also recommend [ ocean 's brawl ] ( https://open.spotify.com/track/1iwhyi9ryd9hqtvachbr2j ) by the very same . 
  well , football culture is ridiculous here , so a lot of it stems from that, 
  i do n't feel like we can afford it, 
  grief , i watched the whole thing and although he sounds like he makes some valid points that cgp grey missed , i simply ca n't trust that video as an unbiased source as he is clearly hugely anti-monarchy . 
  i 'd like a totally balanced view with sources and clear numbers if you have one ? 
  it 's made me aware there 's more to the story though , so thankyou . 
  100 % william . 
  sorry charles but the young princes are n't getting any younger and they can make a difference . 
  they can do great things for the perception of the united kingdom and for people around the world, 
  i only love 2 people, 
  yes , i do . 
  the understandable problem is that potential innocence of death row inmates based on inconclusive or contradictory evidence is something ridiculous like 20 % . 
  could i accept a level like 0.05 % ? 
  sure . 
  there is a tolerance level for the greater good in my opinion . 
  a man rapes 100 children over the course of two decades and leaves them pregnant and starving in his basement ? 
  that man has forfeited his right to live on this earth . 
  i do n't think i could ever be swayed by the counter argument if the high error rate was n't an argument . 
  edit : my figure was wrong , i think i was remembering an extrapolated estimate . 
  multiple sources have it at 4 % . 
  i find i am not horrified by that number , but it is still unacceptably high . 
  is the lake calm ? 
  i 'm not a great swimmer ? 
  tripadvisor seems to be fairly balanced for young and old but we want the places to walk and eat a nice meal more than young things, 
  thanks !, 
  so much casually and accepted racism and homophobia amongst the working class thugs . 
  i know posh people can be racist and homophobic but my experience is the nore intelligent a person the more kindness they treat their fellow human beings with . 
  a roman empire tour would be a cool way to see europe and the mediterranean, 
  apart from largely being the captial of it until constantinople largely was, 
  hmmm ... how much , exactly , would you be willing to pay for air ? 
  god i hope not . 
  i 'm not from the major urban areas but i 've never encountered it . 
  almost entirely in documentaries , pictures or paintings, 
  look , things have been good for a while now , but i would totally be okay if the uk put its ' collective `` out of office '' on , closed the blinds , and pretended to be on holiday for the next 4 years . 
  we do n't want to cause offence , we 've had some great times together , we 're just not totally looking to be seen in public with you right now . 
  in my team at work there is one mormon , one catholic of some variety , and one person who seems the type to have faith in something but probably does n't . 
  and 14 atheists/agnostics . 
  edit : derp , and one muslim, 
  where i live , the english-speakers are especially * common * , 
  you clearly know a different kind of young adult to me . 
  instagram twitter and facebook is all most know round these parts, 
  not bad for an imaginary place, 
  maybe they just do n't talk avout it, 
  i am vaguely aware of around 4 people that use it as regularly as i do , of the 600 people in my workplace, 
  everything here is satire , we 're quite renowned for it, 
  yes, 
  we are n't all hooligans and/or from downton abbey, 
  you might enjoy playing eu4 ( europa universalis iv ) . . grand strategy game with a lot of focus on the balkans and the defenders of christendom against the ottoman menace, 
  backseat driver is someone trying to control a project that is not their own . 
  armchair supporter is someone who followes a sports team but never attends live games . 
  it depends on the obvious sexual attraction between them . 
  if they flirt a lot then yes , otherwise it can be friendly . 
  equally there are a lot of creepy guys handing out massages in workplaces . 
  i think we did n't do enough . 
  if you 're going to invade a country and depose a bad leader , you need to go the whole hog and make sure you finish what you started . 
  the apostrophe, 
  you would absolutely hear 20:45, 
  both , with little in the way of rhyme or reason outside of the forces, 
  my gut feeling was spain too . 
  we are n't particularly homophobic or even xenophobic as a rule , but the vast majority of the people you meet will have a thing against immigration , which might not be that good for you, 
  stay here illegally and cheat our benefits, 
  cheese ? 
  ham and cheese ? 
  jam , in some parts . 
  yeah , we 're all washing / u/xnicolex 's hair , sorry . 
  maybe next time though ? 
  poor and vaguely russian, 
  for the first time in my life , i 'm starting to feel that not living ` paycheck to paycheck ' might not be a million miles away . 
  we have 2 cars and a mortgage but no credit or store card debt . 
  potentially a promotiom next month ( but i 've fucked that up 3 times already so not counting my chickens ) and potentially a bigger house this year but still , its a nice feeling,
