really surprised by spain 's low number ... 
  i thought crysis emigration had been much bigger, 
  yup !, 
  our motto has it all : pride , balls and historical humor, 
  lol for me it was the other way round ... 
  watching boku no hero i was thinking about spain, 
  i was really conflicted ... 
  in the end , i just defended the top red stripe and let others fight for the bottom one, 
  that was the spirit i was going for, 
  iberian union 2 : colonial bogaloo, 
  i was too young to understand the scale of eta 's attack at the time , but my parents told me that the day my newly born brother was going to come home the atocha attack happened , and we live in the zone ... 
  a pity , it is quality shitposting, 
  to be fair south america would be quite more white because you would kill most of the people , and have no universities from before its independence . 
  to be honest , i think we as a country are too divided and fractured to create effective pressure or have enough presence in most places to actually change anything . 
  however , i am all in for this idea , and wish more of my compatriots thought likewise . 
  oh the irony ... 
  because not forty years ago we had a `` patriotic '' and `` proud '' dictatorship , and the divisions and tensions it created are still here . 
  i think you are misuntersanding me , i am not denying spain 's oppression during history , i am talking about this specific battle , which was n't a independence one , but part of a successive in which yes , the candidate they supported was more pro-federalism . 
  the fact that most of my country 's famous people are sportsmen is quite shameful , taking into account the amount of relevant and interesting historical figures we 've had . 
  meh , just imitators ... 
  we have the original title !, 
  they just claimed it later . 
  dude ... the 1714 siege had very little to do with actual independence ... 
  the leader of the resistance was pretty clear in his opinion of being fighting for all of spain . 
  its really such a pity ... a flag , which is supposed to unite people , is used by spaniards on both side to alienate others ... a republican myself , i would have no problem in keeping the current flag in a hypothetical 3rd republic . 
  after all , the first one used it , as so much people seem to forget . 
  maybe it is you who are gallegos in all but name ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i find it really interesting how until i visited portugal viriatus was always a spanish hero ... 
  i suppose it is an example of our common heritage with our portuguese brothers . 
  no , i meant the sixteenth century military unit , which adapted the incredibly powerful spanish tercio to portugal 's resources and experience, 
  well , the honest spanish silver part is accurate ... / s, 
  that it is rightful spanish clay , barely more than southern galicia , and that their ter\u00e7os are utter shit / s, 
  why is spain so dark ? 
  even un the more `` crowded '' zones theres not that muchos light, 
  tbh , i 've had conversations with portuguese guys with me talking spanish and they portuguese and we got the point across, 
  what is a belgium ? 
  so you 're a latino ? 
  triggered, 
  good guy spain ... 
  i honestly did n't expect these results, 
  i suppose that if i had decided to become a soldier i would have to be prepared to do this kind of thing ( after all , i would consider it my duty ) . 
  well wouldnt that be nice, 
  i am spanish , and have never heard a discussion in the malvines topic . 
  take that as you may ... 
  as a side note , i see dorne as a spain where the moors and christians decided to coexist instead of conquering and reconquering . 
  basically spains relation with portugal, 
  damn do i love these, 
  do n't try him, 
  and that is where you are too fucking right my dude, 
  i actually met a few quite hot basques on mallorca this summer, 
  they had skanderberg , and then four hundred years of ottoman occupation . 
  i am not saying that , i 'm merely stating that the us is a good place to be for different reasons than the eu , and that for me , safety and healthcare are usually more important than wealth . 
  if the us is ranked so highly it is because of its high purchasing power ( with high inequality , though ) , low cost of living and property prices because of the usa 's huge size . 
  in healthcare or safety you are worse than most if not all eu members ... 
  lol spain is [ ranked 5 in the quality of life index ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/quality-of-life/rankings_by_country.jsp ) , two posts before the usa , and greece is still in the top 30 ... and we 're talking about two countries that have suffered deeply during the last decade . 
  i 'm ashamed of my spanish countrymen , we did n't even get to the middle of the table, 
  i downboted the first one but upvoted this one , so you stay with the same karma, 
  what about spain ? 
  right now , even with its economic problems it is the 4th biggest economy in the eu , and quite euro-friendly . 
  should 've added absolute there . 
  but yeah , a state-dictated truth never is a good idea . 
  maybe with an impartial and apolitical body or institution . 
  in anyways , it would be impractical , and could become oppressive pretty quickly . 
  that seems a good point . 
  i see it as a question of principles : truth or freedom ? 
  peace or individuality ? 
  it depends on the person , and i do n't have it really sorted out yet , tbh . 
  tbh i think it targets people who knowingly do so . 
  however , you are right that making someone illegal is quite fucked up ... 
  if anything , he should be taught and helped , not criminalized . 
  the thing is ... a genocide happening or not happening is not an opinion , it is either a truth or a lie . 
  you can discuss about its size , consequences , objectives , etc. . . that aside , i am absolutely in favor of opinions , even if they do n't adjust to mine . 
  why ? 
  so you can freely ignore facts ? 
  i understand the freedom of speech arguments , but honestly , i like the truth thank you very much , not whatever one guy comes up with . 
  i do n't know man ... 
  i suppose it should be spanish by right , and i also believe getting it back would help this country come together a little bit more , and that is needed very much . 
  however i would in no way support war over it , or allow it disturb my relations with our british friends . 
  i mean , we are their big bro , of course they would look up to us, 
  spain is fucked :(, 
  in spain we have a saying ...  mejor malo conocido que bueno por conocer the known evil is better than the good to be known, 
  thanks for the thought !, 
  i find it quite sad that spain isnt as it could in european politics , as it will be , when britain 's gone , the eu 's 4th biggest country by gdp , and we have a quite eurofriendly population ... 
  i think we have just too many problems as a country to effectively project outwards . 
  ok , sorry , got my history wrong , they did indeed get their independence from le\u00f3n , but my point that it got its independence from a proto-spain still stands . 
  well , if you stretch the definition of spain , you could say portugal was born from asturias , whose legacy can be seen in today 's spain . 
  1581 best year of my life / s, 
  happy day of portugal , our little brothers, 
  was n't there a flag that combined all of europe 's shields into one ? 
  was n't there a flag that combined all of europe 's shields into one ? 
  of course they did , and that supports my point ( see `` diplomacy '' listed with the rest of qualities ) , instead of just making themselves an invader to be united against , they became `` liberators '' ( we know how this ended ) for the oppressed tribes , and led them to victory , this way also creating allies with invaluable information . 
  i am not saying spain is becoming a superpower , just that it is not as bad off as you seem to believe . 
  and it never will on its own , which is why i think our future lies in a unified eu . 
  on top of this , i still prefer to live here than the us , and if i get tired of this country i can just go to any other eu country , after all , knowing spanish , english and french does come in handy . 
  what is going back to europe is not the military leadership ( again , it probably will never do , it is not a position we want ) but the diplomatic and economic one , with countries starting to turn to us for example and economic and diplomatic treaties . 
  spains population problem is definitely a problem , since pensions are going to fuck the new generations over , but i partially blame the economic hardships this country has suffered since 2008 , before which it was quite higher ( and before you say it yes , it is our fault the crisis hit us this hard ) ; but even if that was solved , the growth has never been really high , and is a problem that our government should address . 
   you make it sound like spain had nothing to do with it ... like ... it was just a bad stretch we went through ... what ca n't we do ? 
  again , i did n't say it was luck , but this country 's polarization has fucked us over big time . 
  just over my head i can remember 4 civil wars in the xix and xx centuries , over 10 violent changes of government , and uncountable failed coups , the last one less than 40 years ago ( how strange , with usa 's involvement ) , on top of a lot of external wars , rampant poverty , corruption , underdevelopement , etc. 
  which in turn meant more social uneasiness and more inestability .
