this is the second map showing info for helsinki and ... oulu . 
  why oulu ? 
  it 's only like the 10th largest ( estimate , on mobile ) town and way north of the `` 60 % axis '' . 
  til some people think santa is from the north pole, 
   even at full force , the eg . 
  slovakian army is never going to be more than a road bump for any serious invader . 
  they are part of nato . 
   the eu has tremendously reduced the amount of red tape citizens and companies have to deal with , yes . 
  the eu has messed up tremendous amounts of national legislation and introduced completely arbitrary obstacles . 
  the protection of the baltic sea for example was stopped because every eu country had to agree on it . 
  not to mention how have they handled the latest crisis . 
   and how is that an argument against an eu army ? 
  it 's not an argument against , it was a reminder that your original statement was no argument for . 
   the eu is n't going to impose conscription . 
  then the eu wo n't have enough troops willing to fight for the eu . 
   how is that any different from a collection of 27 toy armies ? 
  not every country has let things fall apart like the netherlands . 
   it 's simply much more efficient to cut out the organisational overhead : instead of 27 command structures and organizations with their own peculiarities , you only have one . 
  like the efficient eu ? 
   any threat to a single eu member is a threat to the entirety of the eu , and presenting a unified front is the most effective way to prevent a conflict or deal with such threats . 
  a unified front does n't require one central command . 
   eu states are already obligated to assist each other , anyway . 
  there is no nato article 5 in the eu . 
  sending blankets wins no wars . 
   having a single chain of command would force people to actively desert if they do n't feel like fighting , so if you doubt loyalty , then you 'd still be better off with a unified army . 
  large countries like germany and the uk ( not to mention sweden ) already have huge problems recruiting people for defending their own countries . 
  how exactly are they going to recruit people to fight for someone else 's country when they 're already on the verge of reintroducing conscription ? 
  finland has conscription . 
  no one has agreed to fight for another country and are unlikely to do so . 
  but a larger organization makes for worse efficiency , more bureaucracy , internal power struggles , corruption and a waste of resources . 
  take a look at the us military for examples . 
  also , what about loyalty ? 
  why would a person from country x fight for country y ? 
  [ the castle ] ( http://www.operafestival.fi/layouts/soj_2014/images/bg.jpg ) provides excellent scenery for the opera . 
  the grim , cold stone walls , the way the light show combines with the surrounding darkness and the acoustics of the castle make for a powerful experience . 
  i believe they can kick you out for violence , drugs or alcohol abuse . 
  true , but the video is in the `` 360noscope montage '' - style . 
  the subtitles are n't supposed to match . 
  `` no true muslim '', 
  as mentioned ; too expensive . 
  besides all the r&d and production , you also need to compete on a global market and sell enough of the product to be able to put them into serial production . 
  if one or more products do n't sell well on the global market , the finnish military will be politically forced to buy the products anyway just to keep the industry alive . 
  this is likely what 's happening in sweden right now with saab . 
  that 's why they are planning to scrap 97 jas 39 gripen c/d ( newest version , newest plane model in europe ) before all of them are even delivered . 
  to force the airforce into buying the incoming e version to keep the industry alive . 
  no idea . 
  oh i thought you meant the tank was dressed in a `` burqa '' . 
  2/2 of your jokes over my head so far today ... 
  it 's based on the colors that stand out most to the human eye . 
  you have a steering wheel to compensate with . 
  is\u00e4nmaa = fatherland ergo , girlfriend . 
  because the swedish ( and german and british ... ) military ca n't recruit enough volunteers . 
  your ratio is way off . 
  why send 200 when you can send the 15 you managed to scramble . 
  the absolute cheapest booze ( % / $ ) in the whole country : sisuviina - 39.0 % - 0.7 l - ** 18.09 $ ** - 1.51 % / $, 
  they 're still not swedish . 
  finland swede is a cultural and linguistic term , not an ethnic one . 
  true that . 
  your link does n't support your statement . 
  the poll is from 2015 before erdogan went full retard so i assume turks and americans are on the list because they are # 11 and # 12 on the list . 
  in 2009 there were 3 900 americans in-country and the number has been growing , likely making them somewhere around # 12 if compared to germany with 6 253 . 
  syria has been very relevant because of the media frenzy surrounding the war . 
  afghanistan because of war , refugees and the fact that many of the refugees coming in during 2015-2016 have been afghans , not syrians as prognosed . 
  they 're based on the most common immigrants to finland , genius . 
  former soviet union ( 53,710 ) 2 . 
  estonia ( 39,327 ) 3 . 
  sweden ( 29,484 ) 4 . 
  iraq ( 9,264 ) 7 . 
  china ( 8,879 ) 8 . 
  germany ( 6,253 ) an additional 4 are thrown in because of relevance : syria , afghanistan , turks ( refugees ) and americans ( work-based migration ) . 
  they did n't pick the countries based on what is meaningful to * you * . 
  estonian organized crime has been spilling over to finland for decades . 
   i thought it would be much higher ... why ? 
  there are only 9 % swedes on \u00c5land . 
  estonian organized crime spills over into finland . 
  typically burglary sprees throughout all the summer cabins in southern finland . 
  because pieces of dry wheat are boring . 
   we are lucky here in sweden to have such great neighbours indeed , wish we had that :-) banter aside , the other nordics , germany and uk are my picks . 
  you dip the pieces of crust in different sauces . 
  and why would italians get upset about an american dish ? 
  yeah guys what did russia ever do to deserve all this hate ? 
  vasabladet 22.8 - `` the asylum seekers in ostrobothnia are causing few problems for the police '' vasabladet 24.8 - `` iraqi man suspected of mass murder , terror and war crimes apprehended in the vaasa-region '', 
  how many us states close the gulf of finland isolating the baltic sea fleet ? 
  how many us states provide airfields for direct access to the barents sea ? 
  how many us states border russia ? 
  and if you believe the number of troops has some relevance for nato , the number is a reserve of 900 000 with a war time strength of 230 000 . 
  more than most of europe . 
  buy a map . 
  ah yes , the classic `` no true communist '' argument . 
  such a fresh breath of air . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/retiredmemes, 
  `` b-b-but it 's not * true * graffiti guise '', 
  finland has been # 1 for a long time . 
  commercial forest = planted , grown and cut down for the sole purpose of lumber . 
  one type of tree , evenly spaced out to provide room for [ forestry machines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2swtk6p72u ) . 
  you 're not supposed to stick around after you slit their throats . 
  this is sarcasm right ? 
  if you 're from helsinki , you 're from southern europe . 
  damn southerners ... 
  only for cooking fighter pilots .
