no debate there ... 
  old people desperate for interaction are excempt from the no small talk rule . 
  you are expected to humour them until you find an excuse to get away . 
  not at all , he got flak for saying that we must be prepared to defend our * economic * interests using military force . 
  `` a country of our size , with its focus on exports and thus reliance on foreign trade , must be aware that ... military deployments are necessary in an emergency to protect our interests -- for example when it comes to trade routes , for example when it comes to preventing regional instabilities that could negatively influence our trade , jobs and incomes , '' k\u00f6hler said . 
  gauck propably was more sensible than telling the truth nobody wants to hear . 
  but ... 
  i thought that was the ^ fun ^ part, 
  propably the same reason people fly american flags in germany : because they drive a harley davidson, 
  well it was the longest ever used in any official kontext , afaik, 
  oh , it 's more like no beer no talking , do n't skip that step, 
  no , the actual reason is the shrinking beer consumption, 
  i hope cats are next . 
  they need to learn to kill only those birds not on the iucn red list, 
  you are missing the point . 
  the above post is supposed to show europe 's diversity and awesomeness and for these intents and purposes , nutella is italian , even if its german made nutella ... 
  sure , still an italian company, 
  german nutella is still italian . 
  like a mexican vw is still german, 
  well , you learn something new every day . 
  i never heard of this condition . 
  is there a name for it ? 
  now i am blinking to reign in the hypochondria, 
  wer saufen kann , kann auch arbeiten - who is able to booze is able to work , too a platitude that is exchanged regularly if you ( or anyone else or sometimes even everyone ) show up to work hungover , for example after one of the many german holidays that involve heavy public drinking was man nicht im hirn hat , hat man in den beinen - what 's not in your brain is in your legs when you have to walk somewhere to get something because you forgot taking it with you in the first place, 
  same in german : eine kr\u00e4he hackt der anderen kein auge aus * google * from the latin : * cornix cornici numquam oculos effodit . 
   interesting stuff : municipalities of berlin , k\u00f6ln , frankfurt & bremen have tried in the past to set up `` coffee-shops '' but usually were not allowed to do so for obvious reasons . 
  incidentally , my city is also trying to do that and i am on a comittee preparing the request for the special permit and i have to say , some of the reasons are in fact not that obvious . 
  the loophole so to speak is to get a special permit for a scientific experiment and that entails a bunch of not-so-obvious reasons why those applications where denied . 
  `` objectively '' probably means you have something to back that up ? 
  it 's 99 % hysteria and 1 % actual transgressions by asylum seekers . 
  it 's a shame how people start hyperventilating when the media start their mindgame . 
  if anyone will burn the reichstag , it 's the nazis, 
  nothing weird about that . 
  i do n't think so , you need a reason for annulment and those are not too common . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canonical_impediment#list_of_diriment_impediments_to_marriage ), 
  let 's start with the basics https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/intraspecific_competition, 
  i find stereotypes serve some purpose and some of them are just observations about cultural or culinary differences that are in many cases perfectly based in reality . 
  germans * do * like to be punctual british people * do * drink lots of tea i think what is important is the fact that many people do not know what confirmation bias is . 
  i used to think british people were loud mouthed drunks with a sort of square head and short stature who do nothing else but drink ale and pick fights then i challenged my stereotypes and went to meet some british people and discovered they actually drink stella instead of ale . 
  lesson learned ? 
  nah , those where enlisted royal army soldiers from our local british barracks . 
  so when i started consuming british media and went to london for a week i discovered there are at least three to four additional british stereotypes for each gender i first missed because those army lads where all the brits we had in my home town . 
  actually , the more stereotypes you have , the better . 
  that way , you get more resolution so to speak . 
  if you ramp that up even more , you at one point arrive at judging everyone individually . 
  but there are just too many people in the world for that i guess . 
  sometimes , lazy thinking is all you can really expect from people . 
  of course , i agree that the moment people start to actively base decisions on stereotypes , things gets messy, 
  oh , but i did n't mean positive stereotypes are * positive * per se , sorry for the confusion . 
  my point was that `` all russians are drunks '' does n't lead me to killing a random russian , so having positive stereotypes does not follow the same `` logic '', 
  i was n't debating you on this . 
  i was just saying that killing someone does not follow the same logic as having positive stereotypes about nationalities . 
  a bunch of things . 
  lack of impulse control conflict of interest mental health problems etc. 
  i am not even sure group specific violence and stuff is really causally connected with negative stereotypes because i think these are just used as rationalizations . 
  you either hate a group simply because they are different or you hate them because there is some sort of competition going on . 
  what ? 
  you just berated someone because you think their positive prejudices are just as bad as the `` logic '' by which someone in the uk just killed someone else which is i think over the top and besides the point because prejudices do n't make you go around killing people . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i have prejudice about a whole bunch of cultures/subcultures/nationalities and i expect everyone to have prejudices of their own about [ insert group ] . 
  be they positive or negative . 
  but * killing * someone ? 
  you do n't kill someone because you think they are [ insert prejudice ] . 
  arguing from stereotypes and killing someone are n't even in the same category , what kind of statement is that, 
  it also depends on the type of flower . 
  roses are for romantic intent only , for example . 
  oh yeah , but they do n't sit in shop windows, 
  i guess they are talking about the hookers, 
  we must support the kemalists , though . 
  have a little empathy for them . 
  jeesus , i almost did n't see that / s i felt really bad for a moment, 
  on the contrary . 
  many educated germans realize that germany is `` too big for europe but too small for the world '' and thus is in a bad spot on her own . 
  not anymore it 's not !, 
  it 's for real now . 
  at least i really feel the high energy, 
  it 's all in good fun if it 's at ground level , right ? 
  it was the latter part of the funeral where the family went for a dinner with the aunts who got flewn in from ireland . 
  first he got pissy with an irish guest because he used the short form of his name and went on a five minute rant on how he hates the short form and that it 's a completely different name ( it is n't ) and how the other guy would even get the idea of calling him that ( everyone would ) then he very loudly talked over someones toast with his own toast , in an otherwise very calm setting . 
  everyone was already slightly annoyed but he either did n't notice or did n't care . 
  later my friend got out his laptop to show me a song he and his band recorded ( at this point its basically only five people left , drinking in a german gasthaus ) . 
  the guy thought that somehow indecent ( not his call to make ) and started arguing in a very condescending manner with my grown ass friend ( who organized the whole thing ) , implicitly also calling his music shitty ( which it is n't ) . 
  he had it coming . 
  it was mostly awkward , not to obviously dickish, 
  a curse upon you oliver cromwell you who raped our motherland i hope you 're rotting down in hell for the horrors that you sent to our misfortunate forefathers whom you robbed of their birthright `` to hell or connaught '' may you burn in hell tonight ( from `` young ned of the hill '' by the pogues ) i was at an irish/german funeral and the only english guest was being somewhat of dick , so me and my friend ( it was his moms funeral ) sang that song . 
  it followed a very awkward conversation about how the opression of ireland and the mistreatment of the irish started well before cromwell as if that made it any less of a shitty thing, 
   in a similar vein , there 's been saxon dialects that have experienced the high german sound shift , and those that did n't . 
  i ca n't find anything about that . 
  the dialects that are nowaday called upper saxon are not related to the saxon language , the people that settled the area that is called saxony today spoke mainly frankish , and other middle and high german varieties . 
  the language luther used was based on those , not on actual saxon . 
  im not projecting germanness . 
  im just saying that low saxon is not a sister language of some high saxon . 
  because there is n't any high saxon . 
  naming is daft , ianalinguist and i ca n't find any high saxon for the life of me, 
   high saxon does , there 's saxon dialects that have the high german sound shift . 
  obersaechsisch comes to mind . 
  it 's mostly considered ` high german ' , though . 
  that is not in fact called high saxon but upper saxon and is not really related to low german/low saxon but is a high german dialect ... as you said , the naming is a bit daft . 
  low saxon and low german are the same thing ... high saxon does n't even exist ... 
  yes , the terminology is a bit daft .
