  fuck off back to tumblr , dumbass, 
  refugee crisis ? 
  there are a lot of places to send these people . 
  they choose europe, 
  good . 
  i live overseas , and the czech republic is so insignificantly tiny . 
  what crazy individual sees a need to put non czechs in those borders ? 
  it 's ridiculous, 
  maybe it 's because there are n't enough kids ? 
  sure it 's an option , but if you 're selling the fucking amazing experience of marriage , kids and having a family as ` the wife shuts up ' you 're the exact reason why people do n't have kids anymore . 
  you 're just brain washed into thinking it 's a bad idea , money is more important , etc. 
  i have lots of kids , my wife stays home , we 're broke but i could n't be happier, 
  you sound like you 're reading a script . 
  also , what is the point of importing people who 's kids will grow to cause trouble ? 
  are n't you looking for the best and brightest ? 
  easy , i want to know because i want to know . 
  that 's all anyone should need . 
  what are they trying to cover up here ? 
  that people may from prejudices ? 
  who gives a shit , if you 're inviting foreigners into your country , and a proportion are misbehaving , you have a right not to have that swept under the rug . 
  it 's astounding that people seem to have the attitude that the crime itself is n't such a big deal anymore . 
  how do you get unfairly stigmatized if you 're actually committing the crimes ? 
  then would n't they be intelligent enough to make their own decisions without censorship ? 
  it 's a pretty basic fact when it comes to identifying people . 
  why would you assume that her parents are good citizens ? 
  because it sure does n't show in their daughter . 
  did you know know them personally ? 
  excellent point, 
  rekt, 
  so because they stand up for themselves and their own , you suffer . 
  good job . 
  they would if it was white people raping girls in pakistan , you idiot, 
  holy shit , there must have been some interesting foreign relations in that huey for them all to fit, 
  because . 
  does n't say anything about a nato plane, 
  it also had green paint . 
  source ? 
  do n't call people leftist tree huggers then . 
  pointless comment . 
  what do you care about russia ? 
  hence my comment earlier . 
  you 're just letting someone else tell you who your enemies are . 
  how so ? 
  why would iran be friends with the west ? 
  they 're buying aa missiles , because they do n't want to get their asses bombed . 
  that 's not exactly warmongering . 
  100 % agree . 
  why the iran hate then ? 
  why do n't you just go ask netanyahu who to bomb next you cuck, 
  why would n't the iranians be hostile ? 
  the west fucks them at every opportunity . 
  are they supposed to like it ? 
  the russian war machine , kek . 
  too much cnn, 
  or you could side with the eu leaders like cameron who have been letting degenertes rape thousands of their own girls in their own country and do nothing about it . 
  or whatever the hell is going on sweden these days . 
  has it occured to you that the crimeans actually want to be part of russia ? 
  and that you 're the warmonger here ? 
  ok , but who gives a shit if russia took crimea . 
  do the crimeans want to be a part of russia ? 
  it seems to me yes . 
  so who the hell are you to go kill people over it, 
  100 % agree . 
  the world is full of warmongers these days it seems . 
  why do n't they go buy some fucking ammo and leae the rest of us out of it . 
  who the fuck wants to get their guts blown out for some shitty regimt no matter what side they 're on . 
  where is the proof that the russians shot down the jetliner ? 
  do n't you think if there was evidence the russians shot it down it would have been published by now ? 
  it would be paraded around in circlejerks for years . 
  instead we get a few fingers pointed , some incriminating tweets aaaaaand silence . 
  the us/nato has not said a peep more about this incident . 
  you are right that the eu is a mess and suck balls . 
  the whole situation is fucked . 
  today canada announced $ 7million in funding to support ` democracy in ukraine ' lololololololol you 'd think after this whole mess the west would learn to stop stirring shit up in the first place . 
  nope . 
  absolutely . 
  i get that people have to burn shit sometimes . 
  however if you simply put your money where your mouth is i 'd argue that 's step 1 . 
  oh believe me , i do n't want it to . 
  in a bad way . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  which part ? 
  * the us made a lot of money off of europe in world war 2 . 
  * the us killed and bombed european people and civillian infrastructure during the war . 
  * the us became a superpower during this time , as there was nobody left to compete . 
  are you on drugs ?? 
  the second world war was a massive boost to the us economy and influence . 
  this went from the war itself all the way until the 70 's . 
  all a war would do is replace markets for jeans with far more lucrative markets for guns and ammo . 
  plus the rebuilding costs , loans , and influence . 
  add to that the benefit of eliminating a major competitor . 
  the u.s. could use a good overseas war right about now . 
  and guess what , the msm propaganda mill is doing everything it can to demonize our new enemies . 
  if you do n't see this happening right before your eyes you 're either willfully ignorant or blind . 
  the us would make far more money arming , destroying and rebuilding europe than selling levi 's and big macs . 
  land/lease and marshall plan being perfect examples . 
  any cultural attachments are n't factors , as it did n't stop any of the carnage in the last 2 wars . 
  kek, 
  i will go there , i 'm curious what they will say . 
  my whole life i 've been a history buff , the second world war has always interested me .
