i said europe is being flooded . 
  this is true, 
  you have n't said anything useful all day, 
  i see , and is there some test for these values you speak of ? 
  or do you just add up the crime and economy statistics after the fact when it 's too late to kick them out ? 
  you do n't seek a serious discussion . 
  the numbers could be 10 million , it could be a billion , what 's the difference ? 
  you 're just being difficult and willfully ignoring the issue and derailing it . 
  look , you have to be utterly blind not to see europe is being swamped , and there is more to come . 
  they must be doing a stellar job ... 
  13 then, 
  what ? 
  build europe out of middle easterners ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  me trying to make a point, 
  you might have to, 
  they walk, 
  i agree , it 's only 1.5 billion that want to , it 's not so bad . 
  wake up you moron, 
  are you 12, 
  enjoy your grenades captain sweden , malm\u00f6 seems to be a fun place to hang out, 
  oh god your username brings back memories . 
  in any case , take 4 somalis and move them into your parents house . 
  there 's your examole, 
  amen, 
  show me this ` research ', 
  what kind of idiot thinks races are meaningless, 
  keep telling yourself that, 
  genetic diversity does not equal race mixing . 
  really ? 
  then why is europe the only place receiving such ` benefits ', 
  how is it beneficial ? 
  oooooooooooooo call me names, 
  in hobbit holes ? 
  i see a lot of women and children there, 
  explanation is gibs, 
  refugees of the same race , you banana, 
  they 're the same race , it 's the same family . 
  not african or middle eastern muslims, 
  when you say so, 
  good , and when they 're able they can go back to theirs . 
  again , why do they need to integrate ? 
  why does scandinavia or germany need to have 20 % dna from the middle east or africa ? 
  i 'm all for helping these people , but integration is not the answer, 
  i 'm not speaking freely at all , in case you do n't know , you 're living under a regime that oppresses speech it finds contrary to its agenda . 
  its agenda being simoly to weaken the family unit , flood europe with other races , and destroy our culture . 
  you must be either very young , or very blind not to see this . 
  why do n't you just move yourself to where they live ? 
  there 's millions of them , why do you feel the need to destroy our homeland and history ? 
  just remove yourself , if you need to live among blacks or browns or whatever . 
  we need a homeland too, 
  are you 12, 
  well you could start by letting free speech actually mean something , rather than stifle conversations that make you uncomfortable . 
  the left thinks everyone agrees with them because everyone else is either silenced , made illegal , or not given a platform to speak from . 
  this is n't a refugee crisis , this is an invasion in the guise of a refugee crisis . 
  if europe tore up the agreement the rest of the world would think at least europe had a shred of dignity and sanity left . 
  enjoy living in africa then, 
  can you elaborate, 
  tear that fucker up, 
  you 're right , but i never suggested we did it for altruistic reasons . 
  i do n't really know know why or care to find out . 
  all i know is thanks to western medicine there 's a fuckin ' lot of them there now . 
  who the fuck are you calling an ex liberal ? 
  we do n't need invest in shit other than bigger boats to send them back in . 
  africa rejected western leadership . 
  i 'm sick of hearing how white people are the oppressors , but for some reason we need to invest in some shit hole that ca n't stop multiplying ? 
  fuck them , we gave them medicine , and look at the good that did . 
  now they 're having 12 babies . 
  you ca n't educate someone to tell them having 12 kids is a bad idea if you 're already hungry . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  not yet , that 's like saying he ` only grabbed her and dragged her into a dark alley ', 
  calm your shit , cupcake our countrymen our brothers our men our women learn to english tumblerina, 
  can you provide those statistics ? 
  who cares , pakistani , not german . 
  so rape is on the level of littering ? 
  huh ? 
  find some then , go ahead , we 'll wait, 
  so if you 're bringing foreigners in by the millions , paying for them to live and they 're raping your women you do n't care ? 
  how else can they derail it ? 
  if it is n't a feel good story about asylum seekers , it is n't worth talking about . 
  illegal raping local women ? 
  ssshhhhhhh, 
  it does n't , go get butthurt somewhere else, 
  enlighten me, 
  why are you people so keen on ` dispersing ' foreign races into europe ? 
  i do n't want my kids marrying non-europeans . 
  europe is dying , faster and faster every year . 
  if these people need help that 's fine , but they do n't need to be integrated into society . 
  feed them , clothe them , and re-settle them where they are more compatible , or where there is open room . 
  yeah , and the chip stain and grease will come out in the bath, 
  maybe you should stop bombing their shit in the first place . 
  then you would n't need to have them in the first place, 
  i would n't drag my ass out of bed and go to work if it was n't so . 
  so do you currently look for fine dining that seats the homeless in your neck of the woods ? 
  sweden yes !, 
  yes , i am spreading illiteracy via text . 
  you raging idiot . 
  top kek, 
  i like you,
