  it was less organised . 
  there was n't really co-ordinated pan european terrorist groups . 
  just domestic ones . 
  here in britain we had the ira and that was it . 
  islamic terrorism did n't really exist here . 
  and it was a different sort of terrorism - mostly economic ( with warnings ) or against military targets and basically never suicide attacks against soft civil targets . 
  well blair had a lot to do with it too . 
  but yes he was a fool to listen to bush and kick that hornets nest . 
  the queen does n't voice personal opinions and interfere in politics . 
  she is reassuringly conservative and consistent . 
  a rock . 
  in public she acts as a monarch , not herself . 
  charles likes to speak his mind too much embarrass the family and interfere illegally in government ( see the spider memos scandal and his thoughts on hong kong ) . 
  frankly the queen feels like your gran while charles just seems like another posh nob who ca n't wait for her to die . 
  i love the queen but do n't really like prince charles so my stance will probably change if he ever becomes king . 
  i hope she outlives him . 
  wills would be ok . 
  tbf most of the home counties is conservative safe seats . 
  i 'm from surrey which used to be goves i think . 
  not really . 
  only until recently . 
  greenland wasnt always independant and was part of the eu until the late 70s , no ? 
  most indian food is made up . 
  like tikka masala . 
  invented in the uk in the 70s . 
  pajamas and mufti and various others are from india too, 
  the majority of english is loan words . 
  plenty recent ish ones from indian , french , etc. 
  never mind the old norse and latin etc. ... 
  so long as it does n't include the uk . 
   relatively similar governments no they arent, 
  uk supermarkets are quite different from european supermarkets ( but not like american ones either , maybe somewhere inbetween ) . 
  we find going to aldi/lidl here to be a bit weird for reason 1 and 4 ( we dont have baggers but you pack at the till normally here rather than their weird bench thing ) , but they are more mainstream now ( as the prices are great ) . 
  scotland * deep fried everything, 
  agreed . 
  ( thats why i brexited ) i would not have if there was a chance of meaningful change . 
  i fired an slr when i was in army cadets in the 80s . 
  if you are n't from the countryside , or posh , or did something to do with the forces , you probably wont have ever . 
  basically no one other than posh people and farmers ( somewhat synonomous ) own them for going shooting . 
  ( caveat : ni is probably a different story ), 
  people move around the uk a lot for work and study . 
  my dad moved from scotland to england in the 70s for example . 
  the population of his town went down from 180,000 then to 140,000 now , when the heavy industries left . 
  its not a massive deal . 
  someone from london might go to uni in birmingham , or even edinburgh , and then settle there , for example . 
  theresa may so we could quit the thing, 
  the eurostar is expensive . 
  as is domestic rail travel in the uk . 
  much cheaper to fly from london to edinburgh , for example . 
  not like the us , no . 
  my grandad served in north africa with the royal engineers in ww2 . 
  my uncle went to the falklands , some tours of ni , gulf war 1 and 2 , and afghanistan . 
  he joined when he was 17 , he just left a few years ago . 
  over a pint he told me some tremendously terrifying stories about the war of 82 . 
   but it is very easy to remember . 
  so easy the yanks copied the tune for `` america , my country , ` tis of thee '', 
  a number of nations have the same anthem tunes if they share some sort of heritage . 
  the us `` america , my country , ` tis of thee '' is basically `` god save the queen '' which i love pointing out to americans . 
  i 'm a brit and do n't particuarly like god save the queen ( just think it 's a bit meh ) . 
  rule britannia has a more fun tune but is a bit racisty . 
  jerusalem ( and did these feet in ancient time ) is kind of the unofficial favourite . 
  you should visit asia . 
  fax is * everywhere * in japan . 
  its easier for then to use them as they can hand-write memos in their script , rather than having to dick around with input methods on their computer . 
  also most c level execs are 70 + and grew up in the 3rd world so do n't know how to use outlook ... 
   let 's see how 2017 runs for putin too putin gets like 50 % + of the vote , and considering the # 2 party at 15-30 % is the `` communist party of the russian federation '' which is the successor of the actual `` communist party of the soviet union '' , then if he somehow lost , ussr v2 might not be far off !, 
  the rest of the eu apart from those 2 ratified the npt , so no , they ca n't . 
  well he wants to leave nato so the rest of europe had better be nicer to britain and france now if you want a nuclear deterrent . 
  28 + bank holidays + 2 training days a quarter . 
  i think you underestimate the security the channel tunnel has ... its as bad as an airport . 
  cambridge is nice . 
  also easy to get to from london . 
   there are extra checks at zaventem following the bombing in march . 
  its not that bad ( i flew from there about 2 weeks after the bombing ) , so long as you dont get put into the `` brown queue '' by the soldiers . 
  brussels to london , fly . 
  a lot cheaper than the euro star . 
  on the bus you can pay with contactless debit/credit cards/phones too . 
  buses in london etc too . 
  reading between the lines when that gets said it means only the white bits of the commonwealth . 
  definately not pakistan . 
  no but i agree with it . 
  most houses in the uk do not . 
  no not in the uk . 
  some ww2 shelters are used as garden sheds . 
  jelly ( jel o ) or jam ? 
  i 'm british and i do n't have any euros either . 
  in the uk `` sauna '' and `` massage '' is a codeword for brothels . 
  none . 
  scotland eventually . 
  ditto ( scotland ), 
  that we drink huge quantities of tea . 
  with lamb . 
  you would only have a yorkshire pudding with a roast dinner ( or chips and gravy ) . 
  never any other time . 
  fyi also look up neds , the scottish variant . 
  yes . 
  poles form a large % of neds ( scottish version of a chav ) here in scotland . 
  uk is am/pm apart from train timetables . 
  you wo n't get funding , probably . 
  source : had to pay because had n't been resident for 3 years .
