we do n't . 
  not unique to russia . 
  i did the army cadet force when i was 7 or so here in the uk . 
  the wto is unrelsted to the icj . 
  and they do very much ignore the icj and fines levied by the un - see united states vs nicaragua , for one instance . 
  they also quit the icc . 
   after all , how could they criticize china the the south china sea overall `` illegal '' activities , and simultaneously ignore international courts ? 
  it doesnt stop the us, 
  wrong . 
  it can try . 
  the icj can only advise . 
  enforcement is down to the unsc . 
  which britain is on . 
  and has veto power . 
  the us has used this before too after its got rapped on the knuckles for illegal wars . 
  so they ca n't actually enforce a ruling on us . 
  fair enough . 
  considering it was probably the us financed `` moderate rebels '' in at least one of the instances . 
  west coast of scotland . 
  fort william etc. . . 
  and chicken ? 
  neither played well . 
  very close . 
  the scotland game was much more fun . 
  did you watch the norwegian tv show `` okkupert '' ? 
  - its pretty good . 
  he is just a nob head . 
  like chris evans . 
  til piers morgan is more popular in the us than here . 
  him and blair are basically persona-non-grata on our shores . 
  the same charge non eu workers get . 
  perfectly fair . 
  they are n't illegal . 
  russia and the us did n't ban mines . 
  the one thatcher negotiated in the 80s ( the rebate - basically halves our eu bill ) and the other one cameron had agreed , until we decided to leave . 
  ireland should come and join the uk in the cool club outside of the eu, 
  oh i read it as starts and ends with . 
  and scotland . 
  and wales . 
  but i wonder if they are considered countries . 
  i mean they are n't really soverign , the uk is . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  is `` guernsey '' a valid answer ? 
  so , we need more nuclear then , like france . 
  that 's very revisionist . 
  it was in the shit well before thatcher . 
  the 3 day week and winter of discontent etc happened under labour ( calaghan ) . 
  the problem could partially be what they are comparing it to . 
  britain in the 70s and esrly 80s was very shitty too ( while the us was relatively prosperous ) . 
  i votes brexit so more like, 
  here in scotland it 's basically a giant piss up starting on christmas eve and finishing on new years day . 
  you know about the berlin wall , right ? 
  probably not . 
  a lot of military vehicles do n't have keyed ignitions or locking doors - just pushbuttons . 
  better than turkish occupation, 
  start treaty ended ~ 2010 , its replacement ends in the 2020s . 
  given trump is in office , its unclear whether he will renew it again . 
  in his first call to putin he described it as a `` terible deal '' and `` bad '' . 
  the abm treaty ended ~ 2000 under george bush . 
  and inf is being breached by both sides all the time . 
  sounds like the right man for the job , then ? 
  i wonder if there will be a return to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cod_wars, 
  good ? 
  would n't have changed anything . 
  the vote itself is paper . 
  only effect of the supposed ddos was the reg site went down on the last day of the deadline . 
  if you were idiot enough to wait until then rather than registering before like everyone else , that 's your fault . 
  they then extended the deadline anyway . 
  i 'm rather nostalgic for the british empire . 
  ford transit white panel vans, 
  british tv is nothing like continental tv and somewhat different from us tv . 
  come to britain we have loads . 
  there are older ones from like 300 . 
  its just shit expensive over hoppy versions of the beer we 've had here for 2000 + years . 
  you can , but its hard . 
  if you were a farmer or somethibg you could own some . 
  but not like the us . 
  on the second , no not really that 's what police are for . 
  yes and yes . 
  things like wonga . 
  italy ? 
  yeah i roamed on iwind recently and it sucked . 
  nope . 
  when an american is like `` i 'm scottish '' because some relation 200 , years ago was , i laugh . 
  i mean , my gran is from ni and i do n't feel at all irish . 
  britain is a melting pot , we all have ancestors all over the world . 
  english only . 
  on paper its 40h/week but in reality start at 8-9 and leave 5-7 , depending on your company . 
   students from eu countries have to be treated like native students . 
  i wish scotland was the same :( people from the eu get it for nothing but i had lived in england for a few years so had to pay . 
  worth noting that you have to have been resident in the eu or scotland for 3 years , though . 
  all the ones which have tiny versions of my one in the corners, 
  rare for white people here in the uk . 
  muslims are into it . 
  not at all in the uk . 
  too cold . 
  they are involved though . 
  they are like the number 1 exporter of uranium so have a big interest in the industry . 
  edit : ohhhh i thought you meant australia, 
  the vast majority of uranium is dug up there edit : ohhhh i thought you meant australia,
