  we say bless you in britain . 
  its some thing from the black death - evil spirits leaving your body or something . 
  britain here . 
  we still have plenty !, 
  til that it 's privatised in the us . 
  here is all run by the local government ( who may in fact outsource it ) . 
  in the uk the local council picks it up . 
  your monthly council ( based on property value ) tax pays for that sort of thing . 
  the same eastern ones that are responsible for their own seperate migrant crisis ? 
  it 's due to huge amounts of immigrants fron poland etc that the uk voted to leave ... 
  we have n't got the euro . 
  east of east germany . 
  poland , croatia , latvia , bulgaria , albania etc. . . 
  ah right . 
  i live in a town with an army presence and there are none . 
  why it 's so much more expensive compared to a ryanair, 
  how would it not have 100 % , it 's the only route ... 
  gb is only the mainland , there is ni too , and there are lands which are per se not part of the uk of gb and ni , which fly the union flag such as dependencies and overseas territories . 
  it 's more just a general british flag . 
  the queen . 
  `` gb flag '' . 
  sigh . 
  and stand on the right !!!, 
  the left is for walking . 
  on the continent , aure , but we do n't havemany bins in the uk hardly because the ira used to put bombs in them :(, 
  we already have the us did . 
  east germany already did ? 
  lots of people will have a gas boiler and electric shower , or electric storage heaters and no gas at all . 
  or just a gas fire and electric hot water . 
  that 's only a few . 
  normally it 's just a painted line on the normal pavement and/or they male the pavement wider and call it a shared a space . 
  scotland is friendlier than england . 
  tbf if it 's anything like the uk it 's really confusing . 
  most things by tunnocks . 
  gas was made illegal in tower blocks after some blew up in the 60s . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ronan_point the laws are quite strict in all flats , i think . 
  so most ex-council flats are electric . 
  also afaik in the 60s it was cheaper ( nuclear something something ) - lots have storage heaters so they could use the cheaper electricity at night when no steelworks ran . 
  lots of people do n't have gas . 
  or only gas for one appliance . 
  i live in a flat , so we only have electric hobs . 
  which would likely be even more inefficient . 
  sorry , mobile trying to be too smart !, 
  we do n't have one . 
   the ultimate sign of how far things had come came in 2011 when queen elizabeth ii popped over worth pointing out they did blow up lord mountbatten , her cousin , and prince philip 's uncle , so that was a big deal to go . 
  i still think they are scum . 
  but then again i 'm from a town which they blew up . 
  its a bit of clusterfuck really , ireland . 
  not saying the loyalists are any better but yeah fuck the ira . 
  nope . 
  but then again i want to quit it, 
  night trains would be nice :( here the london -  edinburgh one swaps staff with the one going the other way at newcastle , and they go back down . 
  cereal , porridge , toast , english muffins , fried things ( beans , bacon , egg , potato scones etc ) . 
  eggs in various forms , actually . 
  tea or coffee or orange . 
  same with our kettles . 
  25a * on your whole house * ???? 
  my oven is on a 20a breake4r alone . 
  and i think my immersion heather is the same again . 
  what else would you use ? 
  exactly . 
  my lathe is 1.5 kw and ive run it while having the kettle on just fine . 
  do n't worry all of ours are german, 
  the biscuits ? 
  we still have ours . 
  edinburgh is very gay friendly and it is pro-eu compared to other parts . 
  lots of foreigners there . 
  most of my work are spanish and polish in fact . 
  and it 's a great city generally . 
  so long as you are working and speak english you wo n't have any problems . 
  we do n't have it in the uk . 
  the cta between ni and the republic is probably the nearest thing . 
  proper i. e british english . 
  even as a brexit voter , i think he is a right knob head, 
  can you travel with just that ? 
  # 45/mo for unlimited 80mb from bt . 
  virgin would be cheaper . 
  yes . 
  a yank soldier murdered some bird in my town in the 70s and got away with it . 
  it happened quote a bit in the uk and germany during ww2 . 
  lots of pubs would n't serve american airmen . 
  british pool is different . 
  yellows , reds , and a black . 
  smaller table than a us one with smaller pockets . 
  also we have snooker . 
  well i do n't really like any immigrants , european or middle eastern . 
  there are some licenced ham radio operators in the uk . 
  like model steam trains . 
  and some stickers on the lights , if i recall . 
  else you dazzle the oncoming lane . 
  there is n't a border . 
  the uk is an island surrounded by water ... you go on a ferry or underwater train . 
  at the port yes there is a sign . 
  yes . 
  exaxtly , so there was option other than to leave . 
  it 's also auper expensive , used by nobody and undersea . 
  most of our other lines are n't even electrified . 
  they were never going to compromise on freedom of movement . 
  the a bombs were n't really for japan . 
  they were more to send a warning for the soviets to stop `` liberating '' .
