  its a unicorn , so ... 
  bonfire night in november . 
  a catholic terrorist called guy fawkes tried to blow up parliment with gunpowder so we tortured and killed him and every year born his efigee and set off explosions . 
  only if the nation is britain . 
  the answer is , it depends where you are from and where you are going . 
  you probably need to get an international licence with english on . 
  you may also be restricted to i.e. 
  only automatic cars, 
  i love in a 60s concrete tower block in scotland and it 's actually great . 
  warm . 
  good soundproofing . 
  decent size rooms . 
  lived in far worse new builds and tenements . 
  ruled most of it . 
  invented all sorts of things . 
  english a de facto language . 
  two world wars one world cup . 
  our government and the church are intertwined . 
  bishops have political and legal powers as lords spiritual . 
  the queen is the head of the church . 
  the monarch ca n't be a catholic etc. . . british unionism and the coes brand of prodestantism have a close tie . 
  labour say that but they actually do n't because most peers are actually labour members which comes in handy in opposition !, 
  people only know the chorus, 
  prince charles , philip , william , and harry can all fly . 
  probably more britain !!, 
  the one which is in britain , perhaps . 
  same in the uk it 's called link . 
  same in the uk . 
  most are free ( all high street banks are for starters ), 
  scotland has it too, 
  attacking police officers in general is very rare here . 
  if a police officer is killed or seriously wounded it 's always national news . 
  not at mine . 
  mine is never bloody open either . 
  not the uk . 
  yes . 
  basically nyc and florida , vegas . 
  to tell you when it 's lunchtime, 
  no but a cannon goes off at 12 at the castle . 
  well , britain is . 
  so not for long . 
  yes . 
  britain basically made metal . 
  * sabbath * maiden * preist * saxon * diamond head * venom *, 
  that would be the final of the euros football , surely ? 
  it 's because they and israel are members of the european broadcasting agency . 
  technically no unless every country in the eu accepts it . 
  and they would punish us hard . 
  doubt ni would go peacefully !, 
  they are extremely poor and the last time we let in countries like that immigration went through the roof, 
  also , besides coalitions , which you mentioned , you can run a minority government so long as you can get the other parties to lend you enough support so you do n't get defeated on your budget or other confidence bills , which would trigger an election . 
  labour did so in the 70s . 
  yes . 
  but they are called car boot sales or jumble sales boot = = trunk, 
   the black american community . 
  people transported there from africa i.e. 
  africans . 
  i much prefer jerusalem to rule britannia as an unofficial anthem . 
  but that does n't stop me belting it out when the proms are on tv, 
  my house has lead pipes, 
  who is total shit . 
  very . 
   do n't eat vegetables we do love root vegetables , though !, 
  that explains a lot . 
  my gran is from lurgan and says that . 
  in the uk we say mum ( or mam rarely ) not mom like the us does . 
  mummy if you are a kid . 
  likewise dad and daddy ( rarely pa ) . 
  gran/granny/nan / nanny for your parents mum . 
  grandad/grandad ( rarely papa ) for your parents dad . 
  uncle/auntie for your parents brothers/sisters but also other people in your life like non blood godparents and older second cousins . 
  brits . 
  scottish independence . 
  what is it ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/magic_roundabout_ ( swindon ) glorious roundaboutception, 
  interestingly it turns wilson probably was n't a spy , but probably was a paedophile, 
  it would be a constitutional crisis but technically she would have the law on her side , so long as the fraud was provable . 
  i mean she normally ( albeit cerimonally ) disbands parliment , and names the pm . 
  she legally has the power to appoint and dismiss a pm , that is known . 
  in the 70s she sacked the australian pm . 
  and she was prepared to sack churchill in the 50s when he lied about his ill-health . 
  and the army could also step in . 
  there was almost a coup in the 70s . 
  ( they thought harold wilson was a soviet spy ), 
  well we do n't vote for a pm we vote for mps . 
  and the largest parties leader us usually then pm . 
  so it would be harder to rig . 
  and we are all paper votes . 
  but if it did come out the queen could disband the government and call an election . 
  not at all . 
  very little . 
  europe has many seperate cultures but little in the way of a common one . 
  i think in future paedos ending up on money are probably going to be an issue . 
  `` two world wars one world cup '', 
  the queen ( elizabeth ii ) . 
  not in reality . 
  it would be a massive swing . 
  their domestic policies are a bit extreme and they do n't seem respectable/reliable enough for government . 
  the tories are reassuringly consistent and have always been euroskeptic to a degree . 
  5 or 7 or something technically .
