  we almost used it on them in europe instead . 
  tbf they did coventry . 
  considering the other option was ww3 with the soviets , bombing japan was the least worst thing that could have happened . 
  that 's why i brexited . 
  there are n't any in the uk either lol, 
  further to my other answer , how does your country feel ? 
  the failed `` negotiations '' . 
  no one wanted further political or financial integration leaving no option of status quo . 
  no one wants the euro as currency , or a european army ever , for example . 
  felt like a loss of soverignty i. e. european courts gave criminals the vote while out own people and supreme court wanted it to stay banned . 
  people just dont feel any real common connection to europe ( compared to thr uk or even the commonwealth ) - then there was the whole immigration angle on top , of course , which swayed a lot of people . 
  i was a conservative voter who would have voted remain if we had gotten concessions in the negotiations , bur grudgingly left . 
  we 've always been euroskeptic , just not enough to do anything about it until now . 
  with the uk out of it . 
  but you ca n't get those in your car . 
  yeah that and voyager were the big ones here . 
  ds9 was n't very popular . 
  everyone used to fancy 7of9 . 
  wtf else do you take a dog !, 
  yes . 
  in the uk at least . 
  nor with the current youth generation though , but 25-40 year old yeah . 
  it was really big in the uk . 
  like 2-3 episodes on every single day during the 90s/early 2000s . 
  ir does n't exist . 
  we have fm and dab . 
  yes, 
  you said no one else had done either, 
  very . 
  watch `` jeremy kyle '' . 
  really ? 
  gang activity and sympathisers in the republic . 
  . co.uk, 
  the russians were the first person to put a ) anything and b ) a human , in space ... 
  yes you must . 
  you also wo n't be able to go to anywhere not in schengen like the uk, 
  your diagram has a few errors . 
  its an error . 
  ni uses the same plugs and voltage as the mainland uk , as does the roi . 
  source : lived there . 
  as well as raul moat ( cumbria ) there was also hungerford which was before dunblane . 
  very few after those 2 though - outside of northern ireland of course . 
  no cheap solution, 
  we just get a biscuit and some orange squash here in the uk :(, 
  well 2 of the countries have nukes of their own , so they would probably be ok keeping russia at bay . 
  well it was originally a cottage , now a double garage . 
  these are all 1 level up in uk terms . 
  the medium car is medium/large and the large one is huge . 
  tbf we say `` smart car '' in the uk . 
  no one just says `` smart '', 
  large . 
  my garage is from the 1400s . 
  my house is 1800s . 
  tl ; dr the place i keep my lawnmower in is like older than the us . 
  exactly why i 'm brexit ing . 
  because he is shit and wo n't win an election . 
  apply for provisional licence . 
  do a theory and hazard test . 
  do a practical test . 
  ( you 'll want some lessons before that but not mandatory ) . 
  if you pass you get a licence . 
  england ! = the uk . 
  just british , especially if they were born here . 
  or black if we are specifically talking about their blackness or they were first gen people from abroad . 
  driving in the uk is very very different to on the continent . 
  quite the opposite . 
  nearly all uk law is common i.e. 
  set by precedent . 
  we are just better at writing down what that is so people can look it up , 
  i do n't really care . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i 'm voting leave . 
  the warsaw pact though , they are sort of synonymous . 
  aurotrader in the uk . 
  there is n't one for all . 
  it used to be part of the ussr so eastern . 
  yes in the uk . 
  but only public ones . 
  budget cuts to local govt . 
  i like it here in the uk . 
  germans did . 
  not in the uk . 
  there are indoor clothes horses . 
  source : scottish . 
  hang your clothes on it . 
  i 'm from the uk and found belgium cheap for tobacco . 
  i mostly smoke cigarellos i. e. cafe crrme and they were like 1/3 the price . 
  i bought a bunch back . 
  so long as it 's an amount suitable for personal use , no extra vat etc to pay . 
  my experience in the uk . 
  a person at my work transitioned to bring female and no one really cared . 
  when they came out the only question was abour changing their email address !, 
  in the uk taxes are automatic for about 80 % of people . 
  unless you are self employed or have investments you wo n't need to fill in a self assessment tax return at all , so a cost of # 0 . 
  i was self employed and i paid about # 100pcm for a service to do the books for my contracting company as well as my personal tax return . 
  the professional advice was worth it in that regard . 
  horlicks is basically the bastard child of weetabix and tea . 
  peace sign bur the othet way around ( knuckles side toward them ), 
  a reversed v `` peace '' sign in britain is like saying piss off , used like how americans use the finger . 
  the first one just looks to be a variant of the traditional british bread and butter pudding .
