  +1 for this . 
  lots of banking and tech startups . 
  more affordable but still lots on and great links . 
  source : live/work there as a software engineer for a banking startup, 
  loo up the difference between a glasgow and an edinburgh accent too . 
  or an edinburgh and a dundee one . 
  yes , in the uk , because takeaway is expensive . 
  it 's happened already . 
  no one here voted for the lisbon treaty , only to join the then eec 40 years ago . 
  bad . 
  which is what we are in the uk who want to vote no are afraid of . 
  you can buy pay-as-you-go sim cards in corner shops . 
  matt ? 
  do n't do journalism . 
  source : my brother in law did it in the uk . 
  the job market is shit and the pay ( if you get jobs ) not very good . 
  tbf you see that in parts of britain that had to rebuilt too . 
  coventry , for example . 
  it 's a 1960s concrete fest . 
  if they sell booze it 's almost certainly part of their licence . 
  it is in the uk . 
  it 's the law . 
  yup , not arguing that , i agree with the rules here on the mainland \u00b7 i have no need for a gun . 
  they are for farmers , really . 
  * just to be pedantic : you can get a handgun in ni still on a regular firearms licence ( much less difficult than the rest of the uk as there self defence is a valid reason for ownership ) . 
  their cops have them too . 
  they never clamped down after dunblane as people wanted them still due to terrorist reasons . 
  something like 400 thousand guns for a population of 1.8 million . 
  if you can prove a risk to life you are even allowed to open carry . 
  this has happened for ex british army officers who may be targeted , for example . 
  not too much of a problem in the uk lol . 
  yep . 
  flying or the ferry is cheaper . 
  domestic trains are dear too . 
  rains too much in the uk . 
  army ranges sometimes catch fire but it does n't endanger homes . 
  it 's about # 50 to fly easyjet from scotland to england and about # 100 for the train . 
  no and no . 
  but i live in the uk . 
  it 's the us that is the exception i think , lots of shops here in the uk have doors which open inwards too . 
  places rarely have just one fire exit . 
  that 's being quite skimpy . 
  i spend about # 75 for me and my wife on fppd , and we arent exactly shopping in waitrose or anything . 
  that bills figure likely doesnt take into account internet/phone/mobile / tv , too . 
  it isnt really a problem in the uk its not a tense situation like in the us as you arent about to possibly get shot by some paranoid policeman . 
  that said , i would stay in until the policeman invited me to his car , as motorways are bloody dangerous places , quite likely to be killed if outside the car . 
  yeah , varies wildly . 
  none of the above is required in the uk . 
  you just need a car with mot and insurance , and an appropriate licence . 
  american and british . 
  85/15 probably . 
  that 's in scotland . 
  good luck getting enhanced security clearance without being a british citizen - you wo n't be able to work on anything ukeyes . 
  there is also a residency requirement of a good many years . 
  source : did defence it , never saw any poles etc. . . in my bit . 
  because the eurostar is 3x the price !, 
  well we have the house of lords here in the uk . 
  the lords are an extra legislative chamber and can block things they believe unconstitutional and whatnot . 
  if you ever fancy meeting up with some redditors for a pint there are a bunch of us in edinburgh  . 
  one note on cars : fuel prices are high . 
  you 'll spend # 35-55 on the 5-8 hour drive from edinburgh to london ( take the a1/m1 ) go for something fuel efficient ( i. e. a golf and not a typical american massive car  ), 
  glasses or cans/bottles usually . 
  even if you used them our plastic cups are n't red . 
  in major cities you will be fine . 
  source : am english and speak only english and travelled to brussels and berlin many times . 
  make an attempt and be clear and polite . 
  we mention it all the time in the uk . 
  we are quite proud of it . 
  there is a running joke about `` do n't mention the war '' with german people you come across . 
  smacking by parents has public support in the uk . 
  something like 70 % . 
  recent government attempts at limiting it were divisive . 
  it was still legal in schools to cane students late into the 90s . 
  that has very little support now . 
  i am black mixed race and live in the uk and i feel much more comfortable here than when i visited the us , so i would n't worry about it . 
  youll do just fine . 
  here in the uk in the last 15 years at least black and mixed race people do n't really get much issues . 
  most prople get on well with native english speaking people regardless of skin colour . 
  the vast majority of low level racism is now due to concern over immigration and terror rather than pure racial prejudice - more against muslims and immigrants from romania to be honest . 
  central europe may be different though . 
  i 've had some comments in spain . 
  but no worse than some parts of the us for sure . 
  i 'm guessing that 's the aussie equivilent ? 
  here it 's chavs in england and neds in scotland . 
  they are both stereotypically working class like to wear tracksuits , bling , have loads of kids , live in social housing , and drive cars with body mods , while not driving white vans . 
  yep . 
  am scottish and like 1/3 of my work is spanish and polish 20-30 year olds ( software developers ) . 
  better jobs and wages . 
  well we have chavs and neds which are the equivilent of your `` white trash '' . 
  it 's called a guy because the effigy represents guy fawkes ( actual name ) who was a catholic terrorist that tried to blow up the houses of parliament ( hence the fireworks ) . 
  if you 've watched v for vendetta that 's heavily influenced by it . 
  not normally but you can . 
  usually the town park or local school or church has one in their field . 
  culminating in fireworks . 
  you often burn a guy too . 
  on bonfire night here in the uk . 
  we set fireworks off then too . 
  not in cental europe . 
  40 and i probably do 50-55 ( due to calling the us late into the evening , mostly ! ), 
  inter-railing is n't uncommon .
