  a lot of people in the uk will go for a random long weekend trip hostelling to amsterdam/berlin/prague / whatever at some point in their 20s . 
  i think its a bit naff compared to the union jack , which is dead cool . 
  i do n't really like the english/scottish cross ones ( ok , the second scottish one with the lion/dragon/unicorn / whatever on , is cool , as is the ni one with the red hand ) as they are a bit boring . 
  the eu one also suffers from the bore factor for me . 
  needs irregularity . 
  they suck . 
  americans work loads . 
  i work as a software developer for a us banking/finance firm , and our boss there sends e-mails at the equivalent of 6 am and goes home at like 7.30 pm ... 
  he has also not had a holiday in a year . 
   in some us this is askeurope , not askus , 
  legally there is no difference in lots of places . 
  do n't grocers also sell booze though ? 
  i worked full time in a shop at 17 in the uk . 
  many still at school worked saturdays . 
  i think its more restricted now but still common . 
  same . 
  i walk around glasgow with my iphone and whatnot for a large portion of my 26 years and never got mugged . 
  pretty common in the uk . 
  you are very unlikely to get mugged and especially not for a fitbit . 
  well i live in the uk and have never been robbed burgled or pickpocketed in 30 years . 
  then maybe sky news ? 
  it exists in ni . 
  there are quotas for catholics and protestants in the psni so it 's representitive . 
  plus all those scandinavian cop shows on bbc4, 
  pinewood ? 
  til there is an eu anthem . 
  that 's badgers is n't it ? 
  foxes here in the uk . 
  pigeons and segulls too i guess . 
  i do n't get the religion and guns . 
  there might be a ferry to aberdeen and you could train down ? 
  english . 
  then german, 
  it 's a little more complicated than that . 
  the uk is team gb in the olympics but fields it 's own different international teams for the world cup and stuff from each of the home nations . 
  and hardly any of the players from the latter are in the former team anyway . 
  there is a clock at kings cross station like that and it hurts my brain . 
  yep . 
  yep , though that 's usually wrapped up in a turban . 
  `` trendy '' people have long hair here . 
  acceptability depends on the profession - musicnans , barmen , students , arty folk . 
  i work in it and a bunch of guys here have ponytails . 
  imho scottish independence would likely be possible if the uk votes to leave the eu and there is a lot of support in scotland for staying in ( such support is by no means certain though ) . 
  yeah it was bucharest i was in , about 3 or 4 years ago , for a 2wk confrerence . 
  they barked a lot at night and slept everywhee in the days and were generally a bit of a pest but they didnt bite me or anything, 
  the attitude here in the uk sounds very similar to that you have in the us . 
  i went on holiday to romania and they had packs of wild dogs in the streets , which was weird , and might explain why those guys didnt like yours . 
  smart shirt for sure , maybe a jacket such as a blazer , formal trousers or smart chinos , with leather brogues or something . 
  defiantly no trainers or jeans ( jeans and trainers generally wo n't get you into the nicer casinos in the uk in my experience ) . 
  tie probably optional . 
  are you trolling ? 
  ireland is n't in the uk . 
  it 's it 's own country . 
  only northern ireland is . 
  yep , same in the uk . 
  once youve got your postgraduate degree in teaching like a pgde or similar , you usually do 1 year of practice as a nqt to achieve qts status , after which you are fully certified . 
  if you are an english teacher moving to scotland you have to jump through such hoops , i would imagine it would be worse for someone from the us . 
  not too uncommon in the uk but its sort of a recent-ish thing . 
  your parents wouldnt say it , for example . 
  but people wont think anything of it if you are american , we will still get it . 
  the hows it going girls sounds like a bad chat up line though . 
  yeah . 
  people will still put cheques to each other though in cards for birthdays/wedding gifts though , as it 's safer than cash . 
  people just put them in the bank . 
  there are no cheque caching places like the us as most people get paid directly by bacs . 
  in the uk they exist but are basically obsolete . 
  no shops take them apart from some trade places . 
  and then it 's only some tradesmen and mail order places that take cheques . 
  i live in the uk and we do . 
  if you have experience working offshore , aberdeen/dundee , i guess, 
  you could still pay by card . 
  visa is accepted widely inside the eu at semi reasonable charges provided you only use it for bigger things like evening meals . 
  but yeah that 's a good point . 
  the restrictions do n't ( yet ) apply to foreigners . 
  the uk ? 
  not at all in the uk . 
  basketball , baseball and american football are only shown in us themed bars , there are a few teams but nothing really professional and most people will have never watched it . 
  like curling and other niche sports football , rugby , and cricket are the sports which get the coverage . 
  edinburgh is better in my opinion , and a little cheaper . 
  yep . 
  one of those and a fudge donut and some irn bru . 
  meal of kings . 
  3 to 5 pounds . 
  scotland , uk . 
  i go to greggs . 
  less than in norway . 
  as a scottish person when i visited norway i was shocked . 
  things were much more expensive . 
  cooked breakfast or fast food # 5 or so . 
  pub lunch # 10-15 . 
  pint of beer 2.80-3 .50 . 
  a paper 50p-1 .50 . 
  haircut 7-15 . 
  that should give you an idea . 
  note london and the south east and touristy areas are like 2x the price of everywhere else esp for drinks . 
  in the uk you will get into clubs in flats ( maybe not flip flops or converse ) if you do n't have heels . 
  maybe . 
  in the uk whatever the local stone is in the area . 
  so granite in the scottish borders , limestone in many parts of england . 
  bruge and brussels 1 day 2 max .
