  but 16/18 in a pub . 
  try going to britain . 
  all the time in the case of the uk . 
  i want more . 
  yanks . 
  not yankees . 
  all the time . 
  i 'm a pro-brexit tory ( conservative , centre right ) party voter , i would * never * vote for the bnp and would be unlikely to vote for ukip ( only if the govt back slides on brexit , to make sure we get out ) . 
  scottish independence . 
  not let britain go ? 
  not everywhere . 
  uk uses miles for example . 
  it is in the uk , yes . 
  america just copied britain let 's be honest . 
  yes . 
  i 'm british . 
  we are leaving . 
  putin is legitamately popular . 
  and i would be careful what you wish for when the second largest party is the communists ... 
  `` white van men '' is a sort of working class subculture , also involves cat calling women as you drive by etc. ... 
  there is a scientologist church here in edinburgh . 
  so there must be some . 
  i think it 's nuts tbh, 
  well it was almost continuously at war until 1945 ... only really became less probable then thanks to `` nuclear peace '' and stuff . 
  yes . 
  look up `` chavs '' ( english ) or `` neds '' ( scottish variant ) . 
  the english stereotype is short hair , agreessive dog , wears england football shirt drives white van , lives on benefits , and drinks cheap lager . 
  the scottish version involves more sportswear , and drinking buckfast . 
  well the eu should get an army and some nukes of its own thn, 
  we are the only ones with nukes , so . 
  no chris evans did . 
  you mean the party which won a majority in the election ? 
  you do n't elect the pm you elect an mp ( and hers have since 1997 ) and then the party elects a leader from amongst them ( and they did ) . 
  perfectly fair . 
  and a few other islands and a bit of europe . 
  but most of them are n't in the eu . 
  in terms of tourism ( maybe not work ) i imagine not much will change . 
  we do n't actually dislike you we just like to take the piss with `` two world wars one world cup '' etc. ... that makes us fiends . 
  in the uk most cars are manual . 
  autos were super rare until the esrly 2000s but now somewhat more common . 
  the labour party promised to set up the welfare state . 
  some are bloody cold i. e. falklands . 
  i 'd like to visit the falklands because my uncle fought in the battle for mt longdon thee . 
  i do n't understand people which do n't like tea . 
  nothing really which is why i voted leave . 
  american chocolate is shit, 
  private eye is a decent source of british political news - its semi-satirical . 
  berlin is cheap and fun . 
  you can pick up german pretty easy . 
  a trump is a fart , so i have found the election quite amusing, 
  think english ones are bad ? 
  wait till you see the scottish ones ( or god forbid the welsh ), 
  it 's wich not witch . 
  that pronouciation is pretty common i.e. 
  norwich ( norr-itch ) . 
  that 's why brexit . 
  the conservatives have always been split - especially on the backbenches - ukip basically began as a splinter group of former conservative party hardliners . 
  and do n't forget that in the past ( 30 + years ) labour and the snp wanted to leave it too . 
  i mean , i 'm a tory member and voted brexit but would n't vote for ukip because of their domestic policies and conduct, 
  no one in the uk remembers the channel islands were occupied :(, 
  tbf i find it weird and i 'm english, 
  to be fair so do the irish, 
  easy to say just looks weird . 
  not that hard ? 
   the closest we get to older forms of english most places do chaucer which is * much * older ( 200 + years ) i did it at a level and at undergrad . 
  the canterbury tales is basically a road trip where they get drunk , make fart jokes , shag wenches , and call a blonde haired preist a gayboy . 
  literally nothing has changed from todays `` lads '' . 
  yes . 
  we do n't really have the whole black/white divide the us has . 
  a black guy here in britain who was born here is just as british as me . 
   that has exported its system to several countries britain was doing that long before !, 
   very instable governments the culprit there is the pr voting system , which encourages coalitions . 
  the uk uses fptp instead and generally ends up with majority governments which last their whole term . 
  a catholic terrorist called guy fawkes ried to blow up parliment ( gunpowder plot ) so we burn an effigy of him on a fire and let off fireworks on the anniversary . 
  it 's our main fireworks event . 
  i do n't really have any particular view other than that argentina need to shut up about our islands already unless they want another shoeing . 
  similar in the uk except you are allowed them around bonfire night mainly . 
  not really . 
  most people only really ( go out for their local areas display ) of fireworks on guy fawkes night in november, 
  most fancy restaurants sell chips in the uk . 
  it 's a common side to steaks , pies , etc, 
  scottish chippies are better than english ones . 
  one ca n't get more toylike than a euro !, 
  that we leave it, 
  * in england and ( maybe ) wales . 
  the qualifications are totally different in scotland ( and probably also ni ), 
  well not us, 
  right now . 
  scotland . 
  all euro coins look bit crappy so we have awesome # # # # s, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mr_blobby_ ( song ), 
  yes . 
  its not a specifically post 11/9 thing though - we were always afraid of ira car bombs blowing up shopping districts . 
  we do it for parades and stuff too . 
  not the uk . 
  not with the us . 
  but australia and canada . 
  with restrictions though . 
  do n't want eu 2.0 . 
  that 's why i voted brexit .
