  amusingly enough corsica is historically the biggest provider of police forces for france for its size , second being alsace . 
  i am , and every time i hear about dubbing in other countries it 's people complaining about how shitty it is . 
  i 've yet to hear a french person say our dubbings are `` bad '' . 
  some ( as i do ) prefer the original version in general , subtitled if it 's not english if necessary ( the movies who are n't originally in english are often the ones with mediocre dubbings anyway ) , but in general nobody really complains about french dubbing . 
  french dubbing is most of the time very good though , probably the best dubbing overall . 
  more `` porn spy '' than `` spy '' really ( google image sas de villiers ) he 's fairly known for having had a shittosn of ghostwriters too . 
  still , may he rest in peace . 
  frenchism , `` actuel '' meaning `` current '' in french . 
  pretty common mistake . 
  punching someone who does that in the face should be legal . 
  n2mjcu ? 
  = not too much just chilling , you ? 
  not huge , it 's france , we 'll have huge protests about anything . 
  it 's not like it 's going to happen in the next century in the us anyway . 
  old people, 
  i 'm pretty sure you 've just been incredibly offensive to the jews . 
  romas are also expert in various forms of blackmail and threats , and that shit does n't fly either in the us . 
  good luck with that , france is already incredibly lax with roma , nobody has enough power to do shit , bureaucracy and paperworks takes so long to allow for shit that they 're usually already gone once it 's approved . 
  manning is a woman now . 
  startribune | national !, 
  what the fuck is up in the east ? 
  i love slovenian !, 
  i am . 
  really ? 
  for me it 's about getting to a `` next level '' of commitment in a relationship , certainly not about a `` party '' . 
  the protests would be glorious . 
  yes , a civil union happens in the town hall , not in the church , and is devoid of any religious element . 
  lol a dna test hahaha are you for real ? 
  you need weeks to have a close to 100 % result . 
  probably more so than paris but i do n't think it 's enough to make the difference . 
  i 'll wait for actual paris/london numbers . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_tourism_rankings yeah the uk as a whole have only ~ 35 % of the tourists france has . 
  what myth ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  you should study charles de gaulle . 
  he 's ridiculously amazing , and his `` burns '' are numerous and hilarious . 
  he was also `` the dude that could have saved france if he had decisional power '' in 1940 . 
  and one of the best things in printed press . 
  that 's because they are . 
  they 're some of the french `` elite '' forces along with the paras but that does n't mean they 're systematically sent whenever something happens . 
  in france we 're basically taught that , while her policies were very harsh , she saved the uk from its moribund economic state of the 70s , more particularly by breaking the too strong unions that prevented any change . 
  overall while we too consider her a cunt , we 're glad she did what she did and would much rather have her in command of the uk than her successors . 
  too many scary things . 
  hem , it 's rwanda , so yeah ... 
  it 's 300.000 , they 're just making up numbers . 
  an article from le monde proved that a third of the associations represented were empty shells , and a lot of the other ones are either inactive , representing the same few people and most often backed by church , among other things . 
  i understand that some are harmless and some managed to get into actual society , but in general fuck gypsies . 
  germany already received well over 400 000 refugees so far this year . 
  with the recent announcement that 's not that big of a stretch . 
  that 's not their fault , it 's the government that 's not giving them the orders they need to take care of those issues . 
  that 's the greek anthem, 
   croissants from the day before that 's a sad reality some amoral bankers force innocent citizens into suffering . 
  very disturbing . 
  that 's rape . 
  if a woman had her vagina licked while she was sleeping what do you think it would be called ? 
  it 's not about safety , it 's about punishment , you confiscate a boy 's toys ( or console or w/e ) because he misbehaved . 
  you 're also not allowed to confiscate other people 's properties but you can take away your children 's stuff as punishment , even if they bought it with `` their '' money . 
  realistically you ca n't raise children currently ( unless you 're incredibly lucky and they 're angels ) without putting some limits with threats of punishments in one form or another , if only to prepare them for when they 'll be subjected to common law . 
  or so you think !, 
  that 's true in exactly 0 ways, 
  what happens in sauna stays in sauna . 
  i read that as 3.5 % annual growth in iq . 
  i was like damn . 
  like al jazeera . 
  children in a party island do n't generally bring their aks . 
  it 's wisconsin , it 's a goddamn metropolis . 
  german military marches are the best ( prussian marches really ), 
  well articulated . 
  just rebranded fascists who want to impose their view with violence . 
  because they 're irrelevant to gun control ? 
  monarchists are an incredibly tiny faction that everybody laughs about though , they 're completely irrelevant as a political force . 
  your translation makes it seem a lot dirtier ( room ) than it is . 
  the other guy 's translation is closer to `` the idea '' . 
  that 's molenbeek though , it 's basically an isis outpost . 
  that 's how it 's spelled in french at least . 
  do you want an american al-baghdadi instead ? 
  i do n't get people who make shit up like that , do they genuinely feel validated by upvotes ? 
  months i 'm guessing ? 
  that seems verrry light for the crimes he described though, 
  should n't you be in school ? 
  aaaand of course you can see on the video they 're breaking random cars . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  we could also not draw our own conclusions based on our prejudices and convictions on what had to have happened . 
  i consider plagiarism to be way worse than cheating , as an academic . 
  plagiarist cheating gun nut with a hero complex . 
  does n't make him a terrible person , but certainly makes him far from a saint . 
  well he was also a notorious cheater ( as in , adulterer ) as well . 
  at this point brothels are more respectable than night clubs . 
  at least for the money you spend in a brothel you 're guaranteed to get laid with a clean , nice-looking lady who wo n't be trouble down the road . 
  yeah not wanting to drink yourself to a stupor every night = boring . 
  i 'll stay boring with my boring friends thank you very much . 
  private schools , not public schools, 
  til, 
  the problem is that `` less immigration '' is the only half reasonnable thing in the entirety of the fn 's program . 
  unfortunately , it 's only the only thing that really matters at this point in public opinion . 
  2nd picture actually looks sort of cool , the first is hideous however . 
  except american mass media is one of the most self-censored in the world ? 
  if they aired french media on main news channels they 'd have to blur and `` beep '' a lot of things . 
  also https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free_speech_exceptions, 
  tell that to the native americans :p,
