  the overwhelming majority of soldiers around the world are under the age of 20 . 
  in palestine you 're considered an adult at 16 and can take arms . 
  oh i do n't mean to say that the intent is laudable , but the words alone are not `` wrong '' . 
  obviously they mean more than that in context unfortunately :(, 
  they 're saying jihadists are savages . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  yeah one amphibian ship is a huge threat to the alliance 's collective security . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  it 's called war , there are civilian casualties , especially when the government decides to use everything they can to make the enemy looks like shit internationally . 
  you think high-ranking people in the hamas are sad when children are killed ? 
  they 're happy as fuck . 
  the problem in africa is n't incompetence , it 's systemic corruption . 
  i know people who 've worked there for decades , a lot have given up and do n't think there 's a solution . 
  without context , a `` ban '' implies a lot more than forbidding a protest for one day and one day only , and you know that very well . 
  `` journalists '' are clickbaiting by saying `` france bans pro-palestinian protests ! '', 
  this is exactly what i said in my comment ? 
  they forbid the protest of the 19th because of high tension and security risks . 
  are you really going to say that saying `` death to all jews '' and `` death to hamas '' is similar ? 
  hamas is the reason no solution can be found . 
  there 's no ban , it 's `` journalists '' making it up . 
  one march was cancelled because there were too much provocation and escalation on both sides and it was deemed a security risk for everyone involved . 
  that seems odd . 
  well yeah in cantines and various places reserved for meals sure :p i was thinking in the actual work office . 
  it was allowed ? 
  odd . 
   ( erm ... if it does have that power , that is ) it does n't , it 's still nice to have it `` validated '' . 
  too lazy to murder people !, 
  bears, 
  might as well include lebanon and israel then . 
  and singapor , i like those guys !, 
  are you a writer for the daily mail ? 
  it really is n't , france has nearly 50 % more tourists a year than spain and china . 
  it 's a shittier ( albeit faster ) version of the m\u00e9tro , the problem is that the metro is pretty much only in inner paris while the rer goes through most suburbs , including the shitty ghetto suburbs you do n't want to visit , and some rer stations in those suburbs are ... pretty shady . 
  the quality of m\u00e9tro lines varies quite a bit as well , but in any case you should try to avoid both as much as possible at rush hour , particularly the evening ( 18-20 ), 
  i 've literally never even felt remotely in danger , threatened or `` omg i really need to get out of here '' . 
  inner paris is fine , just avoid taking the rer unless you 're in a hurry , as well as the very north , it 's pretty shitty and there 's not much to see anyway . 
  it 's the suburbs , outside of paris ' walls , that vary greatly in quality , and for the most part there is n't much to see for tourists anyway so i 'd just steer clear of those parts . 
  not to worry though as there is a hell of a lot to see/do/visit in paris intra-muros and it 's very safe there , at worst you can find pickpockets in very touristy areas and various beggars/scammers ; violent crime is close to inexistent . 
  honestly you can probably find a lot of information on the internet , including official french tourist sites like http://en.parisinfo.com/ or http://en.visitparisregion.com/, 
  saying that ex-resistance members were/are in the fn is n't an attempt to link both . 
  besides , the resistance was 80 + % communists . 
  what the fuck ? 
  what exactly have you been doing , touring the shitty suburbs and playing loud music at night from your car ? 
  most of my family has lived in paris all their life and the only person who 's ever been agressed is my aunt who works in a shitty suburb as a psychologist . 
  did n't happen to any of my friends there either , except one who got his iphone stolen because he was drunk and alone in a shitty street at 3 am . 
  except your analogy does n't work at all either . 
  in france ? 
  yeah . 
  granted i do n't actively look for that kind of news but i feel like it would be in papers . 
  what are you even on about ... 
  except we do n't know it has anything to do with racism or xenophobia and the french police said it was more likely a rival gang who beat him up for stealing in their turf and put his body in a public place as an example . 
  gypsi bands commit a variety of crimes , from scams and pickpocketing to blackmail and threats of violence , it 's also not uncommon in the country for them to harass women and scare them . 
  i 've yet to hear of romas murdering or raping anyone though . 
  the problem is that they bring a climate of insecurity and fear in small country towns where they choose to stay , and not only because of their reputation . 
  there are gypsy groups who do n't commit crimes and actually try to integrate but they 're part of a small minority unfortunately . 
  wait is n't the `` hate crime '' part just a supposition ? 
  according to the french police it 's more likely that it was a rival gang who beat him up because he was stealing on their turf ? 
  that 's not even offensive at this point it 's just funny and a little sad . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc56moy0poa the part about caliphate is very relevant :p, 
  more than you 'd expect i suppose , it 's not uncommon at all , especially older people . 
  i 'm guessing pew assumes that all arabs are muslims or something ? 
  it 's funny because most of the arabs i know either do n't give a shit or are christian ( people from algeria & morocco mostly ) . 
  i doubt we have 10 million muslims , 10 million arabs though , possibly . 
  europa !, 
  europa !, 
  la la la la la la la. 
  i did n't say you had to shame people , but it does n't change the core of the issue , which is a lack of willpower . 
  hell , overeating is n't even the worst part , you can overeat and still be healthy , you just have to eat lots of fruits and veggies , and it 's honestly not much more effort to make tasty veggies . 
  alternatively ( or ideally both ) , you go exercise , do sports , dance , jog , whatever . 
  i was guilty of not doing that for quite a while , it 's really mostly a matter of getting off your ass . 
  i 'm not saying it is n't hard ( to start ) , but it 's not something that 's out of your hands/power and that you can just dismiss and blame on genes/depression/disease and say it ca n't be helped , that 's horseshit , and it 's not the case for the overwhelming majority of overweight people . 
  that 's not horrible though , it 's great :(, 
  it 's a mental illness if being lazy and not trying to improve is a mental illness . 
  yeah no , unless `` conversation '' means being able to spout 5 memorized short sentences the % for france is just bs . 
  guess most catholics missed the memo . 
  catholics in france nowadays seem to be too busy doing all they can to be intolerant towards homosexuality to do anything else . 
  such tolerance, 
  guess the us pres really has a long arm then . 
  why the fuck does this have upvotes ? 
  i love racist jokes when they 're funny , that 's just stupid as hell though . 
  ( also the pic looks shopped ), 
  many , many civil wars had foreign agents involved , often agent provocateurs or actual fighters , or providing weapons and information , this is hardly a new thing . 
  why is putting yourself/your people in danger the honorable thing to do ? 
  when you 're in the logic of a `` us vs them '' mentality , this makes no sense at all . 
  orrrr germany thinks that you should respect your contracts and does n't want to align itself in a `` us vs russia '' separation . 
  much false dichotomy . 
  how 's unemployement up there ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's not too bad . 
  says on the pic that she 's a tourist . 
  ny caps on girls are n't exactly commonplace here anyway . 
  nope , very illegal . 
  i beg to differ , my uni professors ( and tas ) were pretty much all amazing . 
  the secretaries and paperwork though ... * shivers *, 
  sounds colberty to me . 
  puritania for new european hymn !, 
  he 's a fun guy to be around though !, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  those posters are horribly unfunny . 
  i 'm all for political satire but really that 's the best they could come up with ? 
  tolerance,
