meh , cunts are cunts , some people grow out of it , some do n't . 
  most people do n't bully anyone . 
  it 's credible , it does n't mean it 's true , and even if true it does n't mean anything other than this particular dude is an idiot . 
  oddly enough , calling jews `` jews '' is considered antisemitic/racist by a lot of otherwise reasonnable people . 
  that 's not how wars work . 
  never fast enough with today 's media, 
  cocaine is one hell of a drug . 
  since when is sweden `` west european '' ? 
  edit : confused by the downvotes , i 've always seen swedes themselves say they were scandinavians , or from northern europe , certainly not `` western europeans '' . 
  typically as in `` as per that one anecdote that 's repeated all the time on the internet '' ? 
  they 're not downvoted because they 're americans . 
  they 're downvoted for bringing up the exact same shitty arguments that americans always bring up when this issue is raised . 
  `` but muh totally unbiased study , but muh women prefer it because porn actors are all cut and social norms , but i do n't even remember it , but it was painless ( even though you do n't even remember it , magicks !, 
  ) , but it 's easier to clean ( by approximately 0.4 seconds , but it adds up ! ), 
  sorry we do n't think puritanian political correctness is a good thing . 
  teach the controversy !, 
  people say that occasionally . 
  also `` oh la la '' , it 's a thing . 
  at least the spetsnaz are actually special elite forces though . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  sad , but hilarious . 
  which would explain why leon is so high , americans have a boner for this movie . 
  damn muslims and their muslamic ray guns !, 
  are you french ? 
  what he says is true . 
  french dubbing is excellent and most people either do n't mind or prefer the french version . 
  french dubbing is overall excellent , i generally prefer watching stuff in original language but i 've seen many cases where the original voice ( thirteen in house , bruce willis in general ) is way more annoying ( 13 ) or way less fun ( willis ) than the french one . 
  goes for translated stuff too . 
  the french translator of asoiaf ( game of thrones ) , jean sola , writes much better than grrm , which makes the french version a lot more fun to read . 
  one of grrm 's weaknesses is his writing style , very neutral and bland , except for food descriptions ... 
  some authors like terry pratchett also have excellent translators , amazing ones really , and considering you need extremly good english to `` get '' everything in pratchett 's books , it 's certainly an asset . 
  i know a lot of people in other countries who complain about translated or dubbed stuff , but it 's really rare that french people complain , apart from when it 's shit ( it does happen ) . 
  edit : reddit people are n't representative of the french population as a whole . 
  she has no chance of winning the next presidential election and most likely the one after that . 
  then who knows . 
  you 're completely unaware of how french politics work if you think marine le pen has any chance of being elected soon though . 
  she could come first during the `` premier tour '' , that 's a very real possibility and it is saddening and is quite relevant . 
  she would however be annihilated during the `` second tour '' , by a very large majority (  60 % at the very least ) . 
  dawkins would make a horrible politician . 
  is n't it actually that though ? 
  because france would then be violating international law itself , and disregarding both a contract and contract laws basically mean that france 's word is n't worth shit . 
  russia does n't have the military capabilities to do that , there 'd probably be heavy mutinies anyway . 
  they 're helicarriers , they can do whatever the fuck you want them to do that involves being mobile and using helicopters . 
  they 're designed as offensive ships but they have great general utility because helicopters in general are extremely versatile , especially with a mobile base . 
  it 's 2 helicarriers , it 's frankly quite irrelevant to russia 's military capabilities , helicarriers are mostly used for support , rescue or humanitary purposes . 
  things that are not gon na happen : this . 
  it 's a terrible move for us , i hope at least nato will buy the warships and pay the non-delivery penalty fee , else we just get the short end of the stick in both worlds . 
  france selling that warship is hardly going to impact its relationship with most of the eu in any way . 
  i want zombie de gaulle :(, 
  yes , you are exaggerating , and being condescending to boot . 
  so i 'm sure i 'm being retarded but how does 12 % of 1630 becomes 0.51 % ? 
  we gon na need those helicarriers !, 
  you can still deport them off a cliff , or off a ship into international waters . 
  he charged the policemen after having been told repeatedly to freeze . 
  it was pulled wildly out of context and was clearly a sarcastic answer to the fact that romas were doing the nazi salute to `` greet '' him . 
  now was that a smart thing to say with journalists around ? 
  is that worth a fine or worse ? 
  it was pulled wildly out of context and was clearly a sarcastic answer to the fact that romas were doing the nazi salute to `` greet '' him . 
  now was that a smart thing to say with journalists around ? 
  is that worth a fine or worse ? 
  it was pulled wildly out of context and was clearly a sarcastic answer to the fact that romas were doing the nazi salute to `` greet '' him . 
  now was that a smart thing to say with journalists around ? 
  is that worth a fine or worse ? 
  hang the traitor !, 
  for scotland !, 
  na scots are proud liberty warriors in kilts and warpaints . 
  szut is probably why most people in france have even heard of estonia :d, 
  except for my grandfather and his remnants of shrapnel stuck in his thigh , who he got after sabotaging a railroad for the r\u00e9sistance , and my grandmother who tells us about life under nazi rule , how she hided some jewish families on a few occasions , food was scarce and she could n't go to school because of the bombings . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , we know better !, 
  do n't joke about that . 
  marine le pen wo n't win the next elections and most likely wo n't win the following ones either . 
  after that all bets are off though . 
  except despite what americans think , it is really not easy to get a gun illegaly in many european countries , yes even if `` you 're a criminal '' . 
  collapsing so hard we 're still the 5th economy in the world , behind the us , china , japan and germany . 
  note that i said `` young '' ( and i was thinking `` males '' really ) . 
  in my experience older people are a lot less hostile to identifying themselves as french . 
   go to a banlieue . 
  talk to the people . 
  still do n't understand . 
  they themselves rarely consider themselves native . 
  from personal experience in france , ask any young arab what 's his country , or if he had to choose between rooting from his country of origin and france , they would nearly all answer the former . 
  there are many reasons for that , but it 's still a fact . 
   2 ) france has a horrible colonial past . 
  the french state and army massacred literally millions of west and north-africans . 
  even though france recognize the armenian genocide , the horrible actions of vichy 's regime during the nazi occupation , they do n't want to recognize the massacres , tortures they did to our ancestors . 
  why the difference ? 
  are we subhumans ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  we literally ca n't stop hearing about how french colonialism was terrible whenever the topic is mentionned . 
  if anything , modern `` journalists '' tend to completely ignore all the positives and focus on how the big bad french people put the african man down . 
  now sure there was some awful stuff done in colonies ( same goes for literally every nation in the world that had colonies ) , but stop pretending it was some unknown genocide/holocaust , please . 
  it 's a terror group . 
  when did it begin ? 
  no , most people just actually do n't speak english . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  there 's no hidden conspiracy/agenda . 
  american *, 
  well it wo n't happen for various reasons , at least i hope so . 
  r/politics was originally pretty good , now there 's literally no reason to ever look at it . 
  if people would stop demonizing the people they do n't agree with we 'd certainly progress a lot .
