  oh he is a narcissist and a cunt , but that does n't change the fact that he did n't sit on his ass . 
  dislike him all you want , sarkozy actually tried to be a president too . 
  he worked a lot , unlike berlusconi . 
  apples and moonbases . 
  are you american ? 
  that 's when you wish you spoke german and could use gender-neutral without objectifying . 
  nope , many people actually ca n't speak english at all beyond a few words . 
  i doubt there are more than a few cases of people `` refusing to speak english '' . 
  it 's either `` refusing to speak to strangers '' , probably the most common : `` i 'm busy fuck off '' , or `` i actually do n't speak english so speak french or i ca n't help you '' . 
  you ... you mean i 'm not a genius mastermind ? 
  yeah we hate mutilating babies for religious reasons . 
  you 'd be amused ( or dismayed ) by how many muslims vote for the front national . 
  sounds like a shitty version of the iron dream ( very fun book , written by a jewish author ! ), 
  yeah let 's strip the people who actually commited those atrocities of all responsibility , they 're just innocent afwicans manipulated by evil `` whiteys '' and could n't know better . 
  cheater !, 
  technically i believe it 's been more or less proven that it 's financially better to just not pay . 
  but meh . 
  if you 're having hard times there are worse crimes for sure !, 
  never seen fancy-dressed people hop those , only `` youths '' . 
  as someone living in vincennes , do n't put all suburbs in the same basket :p , many suburbs are arguably better as far as everyday life than inner paris . 
  do n't make germany angry guys !, 
  an ally with no money and no ressources the eu would have to carry possibly forever , hamstringing the eu 's ressources . 
  pretty much the opposite actually . 
  heck qu\u00e9bec is a lot more nazi about their version of the french language than we are about ours . 
  the argument is especially retarded since there 's ton of homosexuality in the animal kingdom . 
  fortunately *, 
  `` a bit '', 
  source ? 
  it does n't have much . 
  when de gaulle was in power it was close to enlightened despotism . 
  pretty much . 
  the `` single-handedly '' part pretty much nullifies any sort of point this article is trying to make . 
  same in france . 
  nobody will hate you for voting green , at worst they 'll call you a hippie . 
  our green party is kind of ass unfortunately . 
  communist ? 
  what kind of academia are you in , literature ? 
  i 'm also in academia in france and it 's the contrary here . 
  everybody ( including me ) is a right-winger . 
  amusingly enough my university is still the one to throw fits whenever a law the left disapproves is being passed . 
  which president ( of the 5th republic ) was worse than holland ? 
  what does it have to do with `` getting their hands dirty '' ? 
  also it was before de gaulle and he was really , really mad about it when he learnt about the secret dealings with israel ( nobody wanted to tell him so he learnt that quite late ! ), 
  except it 's already a huge thing here in france , it 's nothing new . 
  it 's basically the rally cry made up by a controversial french comedian called dieudonn\u00e9 , who used to be a fantastic comedian ( and still is according to some ) but because he was criticized for his ( virulent ) anti-israel sketches , he stepped it up and started being a leader of anti-israelianism ( ? ), 
  in france , and makes a lot of borderline comments , especially about the shoah . 
  also the tweet has literally nothing to do with anything , he 's just being retarded . 
  it 's basically the rally cry made up by a controversial french comedian called dieudonn\u00e9 , who used to be a fantastic comedian ( and still is according to some ) but because he was criticized for his ( virulent ) anti-israel sketches , he stepped it up and started being a leader of anti-israelianism ( ? ), 
  in france , and makes a lot of borderline comments , especially about the shoah . 
  i was being mildly sarcastic but the fact is , it 's not as bad to be unemployed ( especially temporarily ) in france compared to the us . 
  one of the many reasons is that people rarely have debts to pay off for example . 
  well if you 're unemployed in the us you die so yeah . 
  eh , from my experience native speakers tend to make more basic mistakes ( `` idc lulz its ze internetz '' ) than advanced level non-natives . 
  your/you 're / their/they 're / there/he 's / his being standard fuckups . 
  most important leaders or ex-leaders her age speak perfect french tbh . 
  it 's not even that , the us did n't recognize de gaulle 's authority as temporary leader before september 1944 and generally ignored him . 
  the uk were only marginally better , he had to bully them all the way up to yalta , and then some . 
  yeah because everybody in greece is poor and most do n't give a fuck about beggars so few beggars last long . 
  in paris on the other hand ... 
  because far-left groups are just as dangerous as far-right groups , if not more because far right groups are dismissed by the immense majority of the population anyway , while far-left groups do n't have such a negative stigma . 
  welcome to the extreme left , just like the extreme right but somehow more acceptable . 
  you 're downvoted by ignorant pc-leftists , immigrants are overrepresented in sweden 's crime statistics . 
  in a study by the swedish national council for crime prevention in 1997-2001 , 25 % of the almost 1,520,000 offences were found to be committed by people born abroad , while almost 20 % were committed by swedish-born people with a foreign background . 
  in the study , immigrants were found to be four times more likely to be investigated for lethal violence and robbery than ethnic swedes . 
  in addition , immigrants were three times more likely to be investigated for violent assault , and five times more likely to be investigated for sex crimes . 
  those from north africa and western asia were overrepresented . 
  immigrants are overrepresented in sweden 's crime statistics . 
  in a study by the swedish national council for crime prevention in 1997-2001 , 25 % of the almost 1,520,000 offences were found to be committed by people born abroad , while almost 20 % were committed by swedish-born people with a foreign background . 
  in the study , immigrants were found to be four times more likely to be investigated for lethal violence and robbery than ethnic swedes . 
  in addition , immigrants were three times more likely to be investigated for violent assault , and five times more likely to be investigated for sex crimes . 
  those from north africa and western asia were overrepresented . 
  that 's the uk tho . 
  your reasoning failed at `` common sense '' . 
  it 's americans we 're talking about . 
  ( your second point is also invalid ) . 
  depends what you mean by democracy then , putin is infinitely more popular than pretty much any other major european leader , and not only for bad reasons , it 's very plausible that he could get reelected until he dies . 
  i think you 're underestimating the homophobia amongst the general population in russia . 
  sure , the state certainly goes along but i do n't think it 's particularly pushing against homosexuality against the people , it 's following the people 's will . 
  that 's what democracy is about , i seem to recall . 
  except the problem in russia is that the people are homophobic , it 's not like the state was terrorizing the masses of pro-homosexual crowds . 
  hollande showing backbone ? 
  good one , he 's just getting easy pr . 
  now if the olympics were held in the us and he did n't attend , that would be backbone . 
  he 's 27 ? 
  damn he looks like he could be 18 . 
  yeah because that 's clearly comparable . 
  like belgian jokes in france :p, 
  asian countries continue to systematically engineer '' ` test answerers '' instead of bright , adaptive students . 
  cheating is in fact rampant in tests in most of those countries , korea especially but china and japan are decent contenders ( no idea about hk ) . 
  it 's awful really . 
  it 's all about learning shit by heart without understanding any of it ( not necessarily anyway ) and cheating is incredibly rampant because test results have to be ace for everybody . 
  in most of the `` controversial burka bans '' cases it 's not the burka that is specifically banned , it 's visible religious symbols for laicity reasons or face masks for security/identification reasons . 
  yup . 
  it 's absolutely terrible on its own . 
  but then you look at other countries and you feel relatively happy about it . 
  while the basque secession might happen , it 's not going to be in the french part . 
  the french `` basque country '' has only a tiny minority of actual basques who actually give a damn . 
  yeah , normandy , occitan and savoy do n't actually really exist . 
  corsica is the more serious one , brittany is mostly isolated locals proud of their roots/history and who do n't like the capital much but they 're not going to do shit about it . 
  there have been incidents in corsica , still a tiny minority overall .
