most older males are circumcised and think that it is positive , and therefore they think that their sons should also be like that just try to change the sentence to this :  most older males * have been * circumcised and think that it is positive , and therefore they think that their sons should also * undergo the same surgery * . 
  does it sound a little bit different to you ? 
  you are n't born circumcised , it 's not a natural thing , nor circumcision has any appreciable benefit . 
  it 's a cultural thing inherited from a religious tradition that only made sense because anything related to sex in the past was taboo , including cleaning their own privates . 
  some cities hold a book where the married couples can be registered , but it is n't institutionalized . 
  then yes you are color blind , i guess, 
  uh , similar shades ? 
  they are like the opposite of each other :d, 
  italy is one of the first to decriminalize gay sex but of course we still do n't have any for of legal union for homosexual couples . 
  yeah i just remembered about liechtenstein . 
  fuck liechtenstein , at least vatican have good art, 
  if they become a penis you will be the balls, 
  yeah i mean it 's their fault they were born in a fucked up country , right ? 
  malta gives 0 shits about their hospitality duties , they would rather have a immigrant ship sink in front of their shores than help them . 
  libyan , too . 
  you know , after the bombardment and everything ... 
  uh could you link the article ? 
  this statement resent stupidity . 
  nah we were pretty fucked much before 2012 , for example , berlusconi had to resign due to spread in november 2011 , and the situation was already pretty grim . 
  still , the fact that italy is seen as a `` pig '' like a country that lives on the shoulders of other eu countries yet we are 3rd in place for contribution somewhat pisses me off . 
  til removing one of the most sensible parts of a sexual organ is a `` cosmetic procedure '' inb4 general butthurt, 
  in italy we do it , too . 
  italian here , i just realized it . 
  i mean , if does n't * literally * mean smith , it 's a slightly archaic term . 
  smith would be `` fabbro '' or `` ferraio '' though the latter is n't used as much . 
  i guess op was talking about european union, 
  but from spain to china going west or east ? 
  the fact is , those technological breakthroughs are already happening . 
  they are happening since 20-30 years ago an everything that is accomplished is that wealth is going into the hands of the few people who make/control those innovations . 
  or maybe other countries think we are too good, 
  he seems like the right man in the wrong place . 
  he probably could have done many good things in a country that was n't already doomed . 
  greece was already beyond fucked . 
  might be a surprise for you ... 
  i 'm surprised it 's not a lot more . 
  i bet the south ( and old people ) brings the percentage down quite a lot , today my fb has been a explosion of rainbow flags ( i live in the north east ), 
  i absolutely agree , it 's fucking stupid and useless . 
  people in that rally might be hundreds of thousand but they do n't represent the majority of italians . 
  despite what other people are saying there i do n't think islam represent a `` violent '' threat to europe . 
  however you need to understand that most countries in eu come from centuries long fights to become democratic and secularized ( or at least close to that ) . 
  most of our constitutions and law are written to put like freedom and equality on top of everything and that is n't really why most religions preach . 
  it is no surprise then that a culture/religion like islam which is really involved in what people can/cannot do is n't seen so well . 
  how many people are we talking about ? 
  every map projection is weir by definition . 
  lol i thought it was a limo too . 
  i was like `` yeah cause everyone has money for that , what a stupid ad '', 
  i would n't mind , too . 
  pass was not stolen . 
  or , more simply , google is a better search engine than duckduckgo, 
  more like classic statue in general . 
  the title of the submission is the same as the title of the article . 
  this is a , beautiful news . 
  they used the recoil of the guns to change direction . 
  do n't question the methods of great russian navy capitalist scum . 
  and homosexuality, 
  so what ? 
  she bullshitted . 
  prime ministers are n't elected . 
  just a nutjob then ? 
  from the article :  the government has now officially accepted that it 's a human right for parents to circumcise their sons . 
  nobody here is talking about people choosing to circumcise themselves . 
  and jew . 
  and widespread in most of us . 
  so , is killing infidels a human right or not ? 
  how is yemen 's government stance on drone strike any relevant ? 
  they are n't striking yemen 's government , they are striking terrorist , causing also many civilians causalities . 
  for fuck sake dude . 
  the guys from / r/bitcoin i guess, 
  bitcoin is there . 
  pretty sad to be honest . 
  however , it is much closer , and we partially depend on their oil and gas . 
   because if not , it is the right thing for a left-leaning party to govern with a center-left policy approach . 
  you need to form a consensus that is acceptable to 50 % + of the population . 
  see , this concept is something that since at least 1994 is completely foreign to the italian public . 
  every single person has their own ideas , and everyone is either for * all * or * nothing * . 
  no middle ground . 
  and if you try to build coalition then you are just a slimy politician trying to hold his chair . 
  5sm and other parties actually have their foundation on fomenting the hate on this kind of things . 
  transition government . 
  the south definitely had a greater support for the no . 
  but the regions where lega nord is stronger also voted for no , leaving basically just the central italy with a slight yes majority . 
  maybe you ca n't expect to have an immediate change after a major reform ? 
  maybe it takes months or years to have noticeable effects ? 
  this vote wo n't lead to immediate elections , we will have a transition government until the elections next year , but a lot of things can change in the meantime . 
  it should be remembered that renzi was already defeated once ( in the primaries of his party ) and came victorious later . 
  exactly , i voted yes but it 's not easy to see what are the pros and cons of this reform . 
  to me approving it was just slightly better than leaving things as they are now . 
  it would probably be better if they just let us vote point by point . 
  that 's not surprising . 
  the sad thing is we are letting them do it . 
  even worse , some are actively helping them . 
  yeah you are right, 
  americans be like `` hey , they copied our colors ! '', 
  gb is an old woman riding a pig . 
   it 's legal to remove the tonsils for no reason at all after the tonsils owner has given consent . 
  exactly , the point is to rustle jimmies, 
  france flag should be white, 
  fair enough, 
  is there a subreddit for overly-explanatory political comics ? 
  how did you get scammed ?
