  he posts here often . 
  a lot of the times it 's crackpottery , but he can be fairly lucid sometimes . 
  i do n't know , i think it 's possible to learn `` entry level differential equations '' over a weekend , which i think would be separables , linears , exacts , and bernoullis . 
  you 'd just learn the solution strategy for each , which should take only a few hours . 
  ( and forget it later , but for that weekend , you would `` know '' how to solve them . ), 
  wow this thread just keeps happening ... so much train wreck, 
  yup, 
  yes it is . 
  no i understand , this is important stuff . 
  oh , heath ledger ... ; - ;, 
  to clarify they do n't have to be attached in precisely the same rotation relative to each other to dock , right ? 
  why does everybody always say that when somebody refuses to take a joke ? 
  it 's saying that the guy is always some humorless straw vulcan that ca n't interact with people normally on a regular basis . 
  maybe , just this one time , they did n't get/like the joke , or they felt the need to explain it in case somebody thought it was n't a joke . 
  ( like a * certain beginner * who * created this thread * . ), 
  now try and rcs translate yourself upright , and go back to kerbin !, 
  you 've certainly got enough fuel . 
  you might have to burn some of it so the rcs thrust is enough . 
  i had that one coming, 
  aside from orbital rendezvous ( which you could totally do , and would be the safer option ) , you could take a risk and try a moon-style landing with thrusters and landing gear , if you think you have enough fuel . 
  are n't the two options in your either/or the same thing ? 
  well , i kind of expected it tbh, 
  ellipses, 
  this is vaguely what i do when i 'm being a bioengineer , never thought of it as hacking ( after all , the bacteria/yeast are hardware for me to run genes on , not life forms that might be offended if i think of them as hardware ) . 
  hobbies include winning, 
  studied at community college, 
  he 's not very good at his hobbies . 
  okay , but then it 's still not nice to be insulting someone and calling their position `` not worth engaging '' . 
  you do n't have to argue , but if you say that kind of stuff , you 're a dick . 
  wow i 'm glad i never thought this kind of stuff was funny as a middle schooler . 
  that would come back to bite me i 'm sure . 
  more importantly , vriska does n't < 3 < john . 
  what is `` csa '' ? 
  i can only think of `` confederate states of america '' ... 
  quadratically, 
  4 mb/s ? 
  what do you have , optic fiber ? 
  i thought it was because you emit blackbody radiation as you fall retrograde, 
   get thyself out, 
  ftfy, 
  you launched it , you process it . 
  strangely relevant ( if not appropriate ) name !, 
  what is the advantage of having two seats ? 
  surely not for there to be a passenger ? 
  we 're optimizing the joke . 
  the better the soda can flies , the funnier it is , so if we make it fly higher we can make it funnier as well . 
  well , classical physics is just special relativistic physics as c approaches infinity ( and with light traveling at , you know , 30,000,000 m/s ) , and ksp runs on classical physics . 
  so yeah . 
  more directly , the games are meant to imitate our universe , so it 's not surprising that they do . 
  billion . 
  giga is billion . 
  it 's an epicycloid projected onto a sphere !, 
  warning , comment graveyard below !, 
  abandon thread, 
  oh my god they are goose barnacles i love those guys . 
  if you want you can take one home to dissect , but really they do n't do much on dry land . 
  the only memorable thing they do in water is mate ( the standard aquatic way : release a whole bunch of sperm and hope some impregnate females ) . 
  it ca n't be done , even with the oranges and even with an optimized spacing the t/w is terrible . 
  i was able to get it to a few km aboveground but i do n't think it 's going anywhere from that . 
  maybe you could try a project with the only constraints being that the radius of the ship is always the same ( i.e. 
  always rockomax size ) , and you only use radial thrusters . 
  that sounds at least a little feasible . 
  rcs thrusters are actually quite stable if you put them just on the perimeter of an rcs fuel puck ( with parachute , port , command module , and battery sandwiching in between ) . 
  well , i certainly like having a more concrete way to visualize 3d meshes . 
  having to view 3d models using a computer screen is like being trapped in a shitty plato 's cave . 
  but that would make her only a half-sister , not a sister . 
  although , i guess that 's as close as you can get . 
  is n't # 3 hard mode just `` build a lightweight ssto ( with a control module ) '' ? 
  i mean , granted , it 's kinda hard , but it 's what a lot of us were gon na do anyway . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't understand either . 
  psychologists make money . 
  most well-known fictional characters are accounts . 
  dude , let prescriptivist pedantism die pls, 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i just deleted the icons , simpler, 
  positive-karma-only ? 
  out of the subreddits i regularly visit , this one has the highest average downvote-to-upvote ratio of all . 
  / r/indeedtheonion, 
  holy shit reddit actually produced a funny post . 
  get to the fallout shelters !, 
  `` the ninth edick '' , wtf does that mean ? 
  ^ ( ( just kidding i figured it out ) ^ ), 
  yeah , that really is fucked . 
  thank you for owning up to it . 
  still , this is the funniest thing i 've seen on reddit since i joined , and that was two years ago . 
  you and he should trade wardrobes . 
  yo yo yo , soviet is in da house, 
  would be more appropriate if bulgaria were hungary . 
  much rejoicings from hungary if romania is kill . 
  one of these days we can get together again ? 
  shift-wasd works wonders, 
  i tried to imagine that , and it did n't work . 
  ksp is multi-platform . 
  do n't be dense , windows , osx and linux are three different platforms . 
  if it were n't available for linux , i 'd be sad because it does n't support my platform . 
  i wish ksp would factor in a generic destructive environmental effect , like a directional one from kerbol and an atmospheric one on eve . 
  that way icarus-shaped spacecraft would suddenly have meaning . 
  option 1 : have roxy conjure it, 
  option 2 : have roxy conjure calliope,
