  i have just discovered the basis of the `` mv tv sv '' pattern in proto-uralic pronouns, 
  ending a sentence with a preposition ? 
  you know better , bot . 
  for the sake of my sanity i 'll assume that there was an intermediate form d\u02e0 or something . 
  i get that germanic is hard to classify phylogenetically , but sinor sounds like he 's claiming that germanic 's very status as an ie language is doubtful . 
  otherwise , why would he bring it up vs the ural-altaic hypothesis ? 
  i see . 
  kinda boring but in retrospect it 's the obvious interpretation . 
  that 's poison ivy, 
  did you mothball your italian forts to lure the ai there ? 
  the fuck did they do to japan ? 
  that 's the worst one out of all of it imo, 
  they do n't even have the good manners to include the hungarians . 
  and apparently the estonians are samis . 
  i guess it 's just finns , samis , and karelians all the way down, 
  1699 , never forget, 
  also ` importance ' and ` public popular belief ' . 
  [ i knew i 've seen this map of the americas before ] ( http://dresdencodak.com/2012/11/03/dark-science-22/ ), 
  also , this map makes filipinos , melanesians , polynesians , and greenlanders sad . 
  now with literary grammar !, 
   cnn is getting their thrills up their legs for hillary . 
  jim webb had waited patiently for what he says was 10 minutes to be called on , and it never came for an issue he cared about . 
  he finally got it , and anderson said that webb is agreeing to follow the rules , to which webb rebutted that anderson had let hillary ignore those rules . 
  later on , chaffey also voiced his opinion that he also was not getting fair time , while anderson kept setting up gotcha questions for hillary . 
  when chaffey was very direct about the issue , sanders grinned , nodded , and patted webb 's back , as a way of thanks for speaking up about it in lieu of sanders/clinton/o ` malley , who had noticed it was going on but did n't want to speak up about it . 
  you 're saying redditors would make good politicians ? 
  yes . 
  why did this stop happening , again ? 
  it does , but it also happens to describe redditors . 
  then what 's the problem ? 
  you 're not wrong either , and i was making a joke based on these two things . 
  it 's very sour do n't worry . 
  maybe hcl is sourer, 
  yes they are . 
  sour sensation is literally the detection of free protons . 
  ( dunno how . 
  those things are tiny . ), 
  edit : wikipedia on how :, 
   there is evidence that the protons that are abundant in sour substances can directly enter the sour taste cells . 
  this transfer of positive charge into the cell can itself trigger an electrical response . 
  ... according to this mechanism , intracellular hydrogen ions inhibit potassium channels , which normally function to hyperpolarize the cell . 
  by a combination of direct intake of hydrogen ions ( which itself depolarizes the cell ) and the inhibition of the hyperpolarizing channel , sourness causes the taste cell to fire action potentials and release neurotransmitter . 
  so it 's not just one proton per taste receptor . 
  that makes sense . 
  mind you , tsinghua is n't just some random `` chinese university '' , it 's the best one in all of china . 
  beating mit is n't necessarily a sign of a flaw in the ranking algorithm . 
  ( although gross amount of papers published is a pretty silly metric . ), 
  imo out of all of these the `` global research reputation '' seems to be the most realistic measure of its placement . 
  the family we 've tried to relate the most often to ie is perhaps uralic , but pu was very different from pie , except perhaps in its case system . 
  other families might have been typologically closer to pie , but they are less likely to be related . 
  edit : another possible external relation is afro-asiatic , but that 's even less likely and more different . 
  that teenager 's name ? 
  low sugar ? 
  have you ever eaten a tomato ? 
  nah , he probably spent a lot of time coming up with it in the shower beforehand , outraged . 
  or he came up with it on the spot . 
  it can happen when the issue is simple enough . 
  planes are very dry places . 
  it will dry * fast * . 
  something weird happened in your case . 
  things do dry very fast on planes , because the air is very dry . 
  i have lots of anecdotes to back this up , but what 's the point ? 
  instead , [ here 's a technical explanation . 
  ] ( https://www.quora.com/why-cant-engineers-fix-the-low-level-of-humidity-in-planes-during-flights ), 
  meh , it 's very filtered . 
  the moisture is literally just water , nothing bad . 
  / r/totallyhappened, 
  not even other europeans can read those billboards . 
  they 're the most pointless thing ever made . 
  they need to be redone in arabic , but the hungarian government is not known for its multilingual skills ( other than latin ) . 
  who said anything about them ? 
  they can keep their land !, 
  romania , though , probably would n't like it, 
  there 's three regions outside of the carpathian basin where hungarians have historically lived ( before getting wiped out by the mongols ) : bashkiria , astrakhan , and the crimean region . 
  if you wanted to relocate us there , you 'd have putin to deal with . 
  backwards canadians start their sentences with `` he '' . 
  we are backwards filipinos . 
  in vietnamese , \u0111 is pronounced `` z '' . 
  this makes sense . 
  i want an option to not change the culture of the natives in the colonized provinces !, 
  no more samoyed/yukagir genocide !, 
  it used to be pronounced like `` th '' in `` that '' , which is reasonable , but then a sound change occurred that made everyone sound like they had a german accent . 
  i know russian ( and the indo-aryan languages ) have a lot of consonants , but every large family will have * some * languages with a lot of consonants . 
  it 's just that every reconstruction i seem to come across seems to have a comparatively large number of consonants for the whole family , and a lot of consonants in general . 
  looking at pie 's phonology again , though , it 's a lot nicer than some other proto-languages ' are , although the fricatives are weird . 
  i was mostly basing my opinion of that case on the older reconstruction where each stop has a four-way contrast . 
   not bad, 
   contains rose and mickey, 
  not bad , maybe if you liked that dynamic !, 
  i mean , it * is * the family that contains ubykh . 
  :p ( which still only has 84 , but i 'm joking ), 
  a note on the single retroflex in proto-austronesian : would you believe that some formosan languages have exactly that , such as [ rukai ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rukai_language#phonology ) i 'm betting that 's the exact origin of the reconstruction , and it 's weirding me out . 
  anyway , yeah , i never said throw it out entirely . 
  :p i just want to confirm the presence of a phenomenon ( namely second-rate reconstructions having lots of consonants ) . 
  palatolabialization , such as in latin `` qui '' and `` quem '', 
   laryngeals, 
  that and the fact that \\* s is the only fricative apart from the laryngeals . 
   older reconstruction, 
  i was explaining an opinion i had .
