  i 'm fucking blind from it . ), 
  allah has a few different properties than god ; that is , the bible outlines different properties for god than the koran ( i am so sorry for butchering the spelling ) outlines for allah . 
  these properties are also valued differently . 
  i 'd give you actual quotes but it 's 2:41 am . 
  burn him !, 
  well , then they do . 
  i guess we need a different definition of `` different '' if we want to say otherwise . 
  we all worship the god of abraham , but we view him differently ? 
  maybe . 
  there is only one true god , we know for sure . 
  one thing though , is n't god all-powerful ? 
  [ some joke about a region of the british isles ], 
  i was wondering whether it would say that or '' [ ; \\ pm \\ infty  '', 
  ( get [ tex the world ] ( http://thewe.net/tex/ ) , it 's free ! ), 
  [ ` k\u00e6n\u0254n ] ? 
  thank you for showing me this !, 
  downloaded and installed !, 
  okay . 
  that 's a completely sound viewpoint . 
  what 's wrong with showing the prequels first ? 
  i do tend to read prequels first for almost anything . 
  this is why i read history textbooks left to right . 
  professional filmographer . 
  would n't his will be done no matter what ? 
  jesus fuck , that author . 
  i 've always liked the circular star designs more . 
  ten months , or between 60 and 72 ? 
  i 'm on a phone , forever . 
  i mean '' + / - infinity '' ( \\ pm is for `` plus-minus '' ) . 
  plus if you approach it from the left , minus if you approach it from the right . 
  find seven more stones of different composition , get a basketball , and you can build a model of the solar system . 
  what other such subreddits are there already ? 
  i think the idea is that it 's so fucking obvious that topology is a whole area of mathematics . 
  though i 'm not entirely sure of my interpretation . 
  he might 've actually won if he 'd been advertised in / r/karkat . 
  but nooo . 
  i can actually get behind that . 
  huh ? 
  but ... is n't there some part of the movie , maybe at the beginning when the title appears , that it 's made completely obvious ? 
  like , i dunno , matrix-like genetic code fills the screen , and in the middle they normalize to `` gattaca '' ? 
  or something . 
  maybe it could be accompanied by a huge raise in national education standards . 
  or maybe if you test below a certain level on some national placement test , you are exempt . 
  and of course since it 's a federally-controlled test deliberately answering things wrong is strictly prohibited . 
  or they can just incentivize doing well on it by making your scores available to future employers . 
  rescued you from the spamfilter . 
  yeah but now you can play it on repeat . 
  come on , this is at least the third time that this image was posted in this subreddit . 
  i know , but [ some calculators ] ( http://wolfr.am/ikurlt ) still give you an infinity of some sort , regardless . 
  shele 's post specifically wrote out the code , instead of expressing it . 
  ... are you sure you installed it ? 
  it looks unacceptably isolated , though . 
  at least here in new jersey i can reach nyc in less than an hour . 
  kankri is a much more minor character than john , though . 
  technically he was shipped with rose , inside the homestuck canon . 
  yeah , the four seasons is actually the one thing that i have looked at through a spectrogram , besides one bit of chiptunes . 
  strangely coincidental !, 
  my spectrogram is found in adobe soundbooth . 
  i like it better than this one because it 's colorful , and therefore distinguishes the notes better . 
  i 've always found it really interesting how you can separate the notes like that . 
  see what i mean ? 
  it was a useful trait for subjugglators to have that they could make the worst nightmares of their victims corporeal . 
  my power 's out , so you 'll have to wait a day or two until i can access wifi with my laptop again , so that i can upload it . 
  i have low population too !, 
  there are towns on the east coast as well . 
  more pollution , though . 
  last post ? 
  eight months ago . 
  that blog is officially dead . 
  seconded . 
  high-schoolers completely blow the whole deal out of proportion . 
  chemical engineer ? 
  come on , let it out !, 
  i ca n't forget about it , though , for some reason . 
  what if someone changes the password ? 
  `` dumping the believability '' ? 
  the first paragraph is already clearly recognizable as parody . 
  no one would ever phrase it that way . 
  i do n't see the neckbeard . 
  i suppose you got zero credit ? 
  to your first section :, 
  well , nobody wants to teach obscure subjects through textbooks , though . 
  you 'd still have to attend a university , which does use textbooks , but the better part of the learning is coming from the professor/ta . 
  i 'm assuming that these are relatively simple subjects that we 're talking about . 
  to your third section :, 
  i enjoy the same benefits from khan academy as i do from pirating spivak 's calculus . 
  what 's the difference between price and cost in this context ? 
  i do understand that one is monetary and the other is more material , but which is which ? 
  in terms of the former , i think that part of the reason khan academy is so relatively well-funded is because it 's unusual . 
  if internet video schools were one in a million and one could n't get publicity over the other , then none of them would receive any significant donations . 
  this sets a `` natural '' limit on the amount of sources of learning that can exist at one time . 
  the question is whether this also sets a limit on the average quality , or whether the average quality is a function of the amount of information sources that exist simultaneously . 
  is an oligopoly better ? 
  that just looks like a jpeggy shadow . 
  `` comments : before you charter a boat , please look up the collected works of hp lovecraft '', 
  negative mass : it goes in the opposite direction as you push it ? 
  ten months and seven days . 
  but they 'd also move in the opposite direction as you pushed them . 
  p = mv . 
  depends on what model of time travel you use .
