  :1910 s] i 've heard this before in the future ... care to enlighten me to its source ? 
  : romanempire] kill it with fire, 
  : victorian] not in a hundred years . 
  [ there 's a version with dave in it . 
  it 's my desktop . 
  i * want * to like this , but in truth it 's the weirdest fucking thing ever . 
   imaginary internet points are the point of reddit, 
  ftfy, 
  thank you for being nice and not deleting your post !, 
  reddit was conceived with imaginary imaginary internet points in mind . 
  link ? 
  i do n't want to try to get that far . 
  possibly only cueball bullets . 
  it 's not firing . 
  the scope is doing a lasery thing . 
  i took it off and put it back on again and now it works . 
  thanks !, 
  not just yet . 
  what 's so elaborate about dying ? 
  no , i mean homestuck has n't ended yet . 
  it 's standard onomatopoeia for machine guns firing . 
  it also doubles as a nice touch . 
  needs more / dunkass, 
  he 's the waste of space . 
  what ? 
  nothing to do with dragons . 
  i currently have two programming projects : the homestuck rpg ( buggy buggy buggy ) , and a conversational , heuristic ai ( i lost all my work for this one ) . 
  also waste of space and thief of life, 
  waht , i 'm not a troll, 
  nonono , this is actually all very simple . 
  did i mention it 's ascii ? 
  also it 's both p2p and server-based . 
  that processing power is n't going anywhere but out . 
  really , it 's pretty simple :, 
  - make up a few statements about weather that are hardly anything but strings and a few other very unintensive functions ( like wind , all that is is a changing variable that sometimes affects movement ), 
  - add a few initials to a blank map, 
  - generate perlin noise on that map, 
  - do some post-generation stuff on the map, 
  - simulate erosion in a very crappy manner, 
  - add tunnels if applicable, 
  - add a bunch of buildings, 
  - add a bunch of objects , like trees 'n shit, 
  - add a bunch of buildings, 
  - procedurally generate some music out of this library of samples using one of wolfram 's rules and some initial constants ( like [ this ] ( http://tones.wolfram.com/generate/ ) but shittier ), 
  - add some colors, 
  and you 're done . 
  it 's not a huge effort , mostly effortlessly picking a few random points and telling the game to use a particular string description for it . 
  and it 's ( gon na be ) loaded in chunks as well , so it 's not like it 's super intensive . 
  i mean check out skyrim for chrissakes , it loads the whole goddamn world before you even start playing . 
  this is n't nearly as intensive to generate or process . 
  just a stupid grid . 
  oh , i remember that !, 
  i thought that guy was joking . 
  heh , it 's ascii . 
  but thanks for offering to help !, 
  i dream of one day making this into a game with real graphics , but that 's never gon na happen . 
  kk , do n't worry about the ram ; that 's sorted out ( the slots are color coded and everything ) , but i 'll make sure to do the fan !, 
  thanks !, 
  but then i have to cut those if i want to adjust them !, 
  okay , will do !, 
  aw hell no , i never said i want to release it so early . 
  :p the game itself might never even get finished , and i barely ever have time to work on worldgen anyway . 
  i 'll be happy if this ever comes out . 
  sorry if i insulted you , it 's just that my vision really is n't much more than a glorified perlin noise generator with an ascii readout ... 
  i ca n't imagine how hard it can be to randomly plop a few objects into place post-generation ( generation itself just being basically perlin noise followed by erosion ) . 
  i will keep that in mind , thanks !, 
  what i meant by `` i ca n't imagine how hard it can be '' was `` i ca n't imagine how it can be as hard as you say it is '' . 
  i have plenty of support i can turn to in this case ; lots of my friends are programmers , and are eager to assist in any - stuff - i might currently be working on , if i ask . 
  i have hardly ever dropped a project for real , except once ; what i do is that if i find that i do n't have time for it , i just leave it and eventually come back to it . 
  and i do !, 
  this is how i get things done . 
  it 's inefficient , as it requires me to relearn stuff i have forgotten , but it produces results !, 
  and the results are usually quite pretty . 
  hmm . 
  you say you can have 3 bright dots maximum , but a cursory examination of the linked page yields a maximum of zero . 
  what gives ? 
  what makes it so complicated ? 
  who remembers that anymore ? 
  it was such a great game , but it 's not \\* around * . 
  but each world would have only \\* one \\* erosion paradigm . 
  it 's only a matter of which one to chose , and there 's only going to be a couple processes that each property can run ( same for initial terrain generation ; i have most of these worked out already , and , assuming that i put all of the necessary processes in a library of functions , each terrain property should be only a few lines each ) . 
  i 'm not trying to make something that in-depth ( yet , anyway ) . 
  this is supposed to just generate a pretty huge scalar 2d grid , with large blocks on it that could stand for millions of tiles on the personal level , very much like initial df generation . 
  it 's not going to bother with 3d . 
  it 's only in a very general context . 
  this is stage 1 generation , where the world is still ridiculously low-resolution . 
  stage 2 , for the rpg world itself , comes later ( and will indeed probably be embarrassingly hard , because then i have to start generating all these stupid building interiors 'n shit ) . 
  it 's a large array of heights , modified only superficially , and only in one or two ways , across the whole thing , with a few cheesy tags stuck onto each tile . 
  the way i 'm doing erosion * is * pretty resource-intensive , but not actually hard to program , from my point of view . 
  i 'm assuming a bit of excessive mem usage is n't going to be a problem . 
  it 's not like i 'm distributing the thing anyway . 
  ~ ~ i expected sound . 
  but wtf ? 
  and , uh , i was hoping that the intermission would end later . 
  i really wanted to see all three years play out , and have the beta kids arrive on alpha earth so that i would n't miss 'em all so much . 
  ; _ ; but on the other hand vriska . 
  lol , okay . 
  :p i 'll tell you how it works out !, 
  no , that 's pretty much spot-on , but it 'll be a smaller , blander grid ( or , depending on how you interpret it , less bland ) , displayed in ascii rather than pictures . 
   ** bright pixel defects : ** 3 maximum,
