  yes !, 
  although when i lived there i ate mainly sushi . 
  it was the best time of my life , for that . 
  do n't you mean `` tell us '', 
   i also love your flair, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's based on a relative of mine raised in america . 
  when he was asked whether he knew hungarian , he said yes , and when he was told to speak it , all he could say was , `` hurka !, 
  watch out for those unstable chains formed by sulfur and nitrogen . 
  although it 's not so bad if you get it into a ring . 
  the only problem i see is the hydroxy overlapping the phosphate, 
  many interesting stories set inside a school still have math class, 
  i am dumb , i thought it was uzbek who had the insane dictator . 
  you learn something new every day . 
  they probably both go to school, 
  what kind of newspaper reports trivialities like this ? 
  damn , who would run around in a gigantic tulip field like that ? 
  they 're tulips !, 
  you 'll kill them !, 
  ( the dutch ? ), 
  but small subreddits are better than bigger ones ; less riffraff . 
  when i first joined reddit , i naively took a look at the default roster , and figured that i was n't interested in any of these , and unsubscribed from everything except / r/gaming and / r/politics , and tried finding subreddits that reflect my interests instead , which were invariably small . 
  that was a very good experience ( once i unsubbed from the last two defaults , hah ) , and i found a lot of good material , and thankfully only discovered / r/atheism even existed 6 months after i joined . 
  ( since back then it was a default , nobody believed my accomplishment , heheheh . ), 
  unfortunately lately i have regressed and now i visit / r/all regularly . 
  it 's a complete waste of time ; not sure why i do it . 
  maybe because it 's predictable and therefore reassuring . 
  thank you , this is great !, 
  although , why are we supposed to have photoshop ? 
  not everyone has a mounds of cash/a willingness to pirate stuff . 
  unfortunately gif creation in gimp is terrible and should n't even be used as a last resort . 
  there 's a lot of annoying things about this site, 
  cmon though you should n't have to shell out thousands to be able to make damn pictures . 
  hey , gimp 's only shit for gifs !, 
  it 's very useful for pictures . 
  sure there 's no content-aware fill and such , but it goes a long way . 
  my gripe is that gimp is entirely terrible for gifs , and it would be reasonable to expect the existence of a tool for animations that did the most basic things right ( having frames separate from layers , being able to do basic interpolation like moving stuff and fading ) . 
  there probably does exist a tool that handles it well on its own ( `` do one thing and do it well '' is the unix mantra after all ) , but why it 's not in gimp is beyond me ; animation involves editing images across frames , therefore it is best to do in an image editor . 
  unfortunately alternative open-source image editors seem to focus on providing realistic emulation of physical tools ( which they 're pretty great at ) . 
  it seems crazy that either i stick to my shitty , unintuitive way of making gifs , or i spend mad cash to get a tool that can do it incredibly well . 
  i just want to amuse people on the internet , not make a goddamn movie . 
  naw , have you ever * built * an engine ? 
  making an animation is n't rocket science , it 's pictures in a sequence . 
  granted , photoshop has a lot of advanced features for it , but you do n't * need * all of them for relatively painless animation . 
  wanting an editor that can tell the difference between frames and layers is n't wanting your free , open-source tool to have any sort of grand , expensive , professional feature . 
  it 's like expecting your dollar-store set to have the basic tools needed to perform a ubiquitous task . 
  seriously though , are they a republic ? 
  how 's it work out ? 
  i was able to get revolutionary rebels exactly once as ottomans , in 1.7 , but they never took the damn capital , the idiots . 
  i just let them wander around sieging stuff while my vassals unwittingly cleaned up after them . 
  oh man i am totes buying this for a friend . 
  i did n't think i 'd have to wait this short a length of time !, 
  aww , no more infinite base tax for mamluks :( that did n't last long, 
  i * wish * i had the time to go build decent animations into gimp . 
  :( it 's on my bucket list for sure . 
  i guess it 's mostly a question of labeling . 
  if the post were titled , `` how to make gifs in photoshop '' then i would n't have given it a second thought -- okay , i do n't have photoshop , so this does n't apply to me . 
  might be useful if i ever get it . 
  but since it 's just `` how to make gifs '' , it 's annoying that it sounds like you * must * have this big expensive suite for it . 
  a proper tutorial of that scope would begin with a short section on what tool to use ; something like :, 
   we 're gon na use photoshop for this tutorial , but if you do n't have it then decent alternatives for windows are x and y , and z is pretty good for mac and linux , and you can follow along , mostly , using those . 
  unfortunately if you ca n't use those then the only alternatives are v and w , which suck ass and do n't work at all like photoshop . 
  the problem here is though that photoshop really * is * the only good tool for the job , and that 's terrible . 
  brilliant , looks very appetizing . 
  i have reservations about velveeta though . 
  do you know of an alternative ? 
  ( one that 's less ... mass-produced ? 
  something that tastes better and is healthier anyway . 
  i 'd try making my own roux but i 'm terrible at it . 
  bicameral means divided into two parts ( literally `` two chambered '' in latin ; `` camera '' and `` chamber '' are cognates ) . 
  have you ever heard of a `` bicameral legislature '' ? 
  the us has one , with the house of representatives and the senate . 
  i love this kind of script , i 've always liked it when scripts look vaguely based on latin or cyrillic but have completely different sounds for the letters , a la cherokee or armenian . 
  great job !, 
  form arabia, 
  form egypt, 
  form arabia, 
  form egypt, 
  form arabia, 
  form egypt, 
  then , whenever you formed egypt , a random province would have its base tax boosted . 
  do it enough times and you 're owning all the most valuable land in existence . 
  also mughals get formed most of the time, 
  is alaska also subjugated , or is it the new wintery home of us ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , i 'll try this !, 
  [ what about the innu ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/innu ) ( i literally learned this as a consequence of aaronc14 the other day ), 
  also that 's one horribly critical wikipedia article is n't it, 
  hmm that reads kind of like, 
  nationalism nationalism ` nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism . 
  nationalism nationalism/nationalism/nationalism-nationalism , nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism . 
  nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism ( nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism-nationalism nationalism ) , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism * nationalism * nationalism * nationalism * nationalism nationalism . 
  nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism . 
  nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism ` nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism-nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism ` nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism `` nationalism nationalism nationalism '' nationalism nationalism . 
  nationalism ` nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism `` nationalism nationalism/nationalism '' nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism , nationalism nationalism ` nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism nationalism . 
  just poking fun , 
   everyone, 
  * cough * hordes * cough *, 
  thank you , i 'll try this out !,
