  just letting you know , folks : mr. translator is trolling you . 
  it 's japanese . 
  edit : [ hah !, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/9gr4r.jpg ) not even google translate works on it !, 
  he had no choice but to conclude that it was japanese . 
  where was kankri when horuss said `` lowly lowblood '' to damara ? 
  the meteor is traveling at the speed of light . 
  you physically ca n't reach it , short of teleportation . 
  and jack does n't have that luxury . 
  \u03bctorrent ? 
  i 'm reporting you to the fucking police . 
  edit : someone does n't have a sense of sarcasm , i think . 
  how do you figure ? 
  if i 'm in solar system a and i send a beam of light to solar system b , and instantly teleport to solar system b , would n't i arrive there before the light ? 
  assume they 're a jillion light years apart . 
  well , obviously i did n't mean to follow physics . 
  it 's not like actual , instantaneous translocation is possible irl . 
  it 's also not like there was a speed-of-light delay before jack arrived from lofaf to the frog temple . 
  we 're talking about homestuck , where the reason that you ca n't cause temporal paradoxes is because a galaxy-sized squid monster will lead you to your doom . 
  galaxy-sized squid monsters are n't possible , exchanging virtual currency for matter is n't possible , items that are a superposition of a staff and an ak-47 are n't possible . 
  why would teleportation ? 
  exactly . 
  what i 'm saying is that the translator said it was chinese . 
  which it obviously is n't . 
  and i was wondering how he arrived at the conclusion that it was chinese . 
  so i looked at whether google translate will give you an approximate answer , since the logographic parts of their orthographies are very similar . 
  but it does n't . 
  that 's really impressive . 
  did you translate that by yourself ? 
  ( probably not , seeing as there 's a lot of basic mistakes in it , as well as words left untranslated . 
  at least make up something for `` upvoted '' . ), 
  i use it for updating libreoffice, 
  i can see the / r/atheism headline now : '' / r/christianity poster shames / r/atheism '' . 
  okay . 
  what things has he done to further that agenda ? 
  he certainly has n't lived up to his promises , but politicians rarely do . 
  yes !, 
  if i had n't donated , then it would stand at $ 2,485,245 . 
  crazy . 
  nope . 
  none . 
  huh ? 
  edit : please , could someone explain ? 
  it 's very , very good art , but i do n't know what the refrance . 
  which ones ? 
  i demonstrated that google translate would n't even tell him what the comments meant . 
  he was straight-up lying about it . 
  they were all google translated . 
  they 're really shitty japanese . 
  but the two lines that the pastebin says are chinese are in no way chinese whatsoever . 
  what if they actually wanted to be helpful , though ? 
  the way you put it makes it sound like they were actually trying to help . 
  did they specifically say it was chinese ? 
  both lines were sprinkled characters found only in japanese . 
  huh . 
  why do you say that ? 
  everyone thinks kurloz is sweet ( if unsettling ) . 
  edit : oh , haha , `` majority '' . 
  i get it now . 
  i 've been informed that it 's possible/probable that the sentences were so badly written and that the person did n't know enough about chinese that he assumed that it 's chinese . 
  and i prefer believing that to believing that he lied about it . 
  i can see what you 're doing . 
  i have no problem with it . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is * art *, 
  what subreddit , at least ? 
  guys ... 
  i think the person i 'm replying to means jack 's red miles ... 
  that ... was seriously avante-gard\u00e9 . 
  they 're kids . 
  `` god '' implies to me that they have some kind of inherent responsibility . 
  yes , they are saving paradox space , but that 's more circumstantial than anything . 
  they grew up as kids , not gods . 
  edit : i came up with a better and more precise argument . 
  i think of a `` god '' as someone who * rules * some part of the universe . 
  yes , they have superpowers , and yes , they are immortal , and yes , they have responsibility , but they also need to rule . 
  the kids do n't do that . 
  for a certain definition of `` god '' . 
  define `` god '' . 
  then gtgf 's comment has no weight . 
  edit : to clarify , i mean that if you 're referring specifically to homestuck gods , as in individuals that reached god tier , then that 's independent from the notion of `` god '' that we ascribe such grand ideas to . 
  if they had a different word referring to them , such as the nonsense term `` homestuck vroops '' , then it would n't make any sense to wonder at how , wow , i ca n't believe that these are vroops , getting drunk and rapping !, 
  of course they 're getting drunk and rapping . 
  no connotation says otherwise . 
   wub, 
  ftfy, 
  despite this post 's karma compared to all the other submissions , and the fact that you 've misspelled `` microbiologist '' , this is my favorite submission i 've seen in this subreddit thus far . 
  yes, 
  posting reviews of pieces , soon 's i listen to them . 
  careful with that opinion !, 
  put it somewhere safe from criticism . 
  / r/physicsjokes needs more posters and subscribers . 
  a 2 and a 7 . 
  beat that . 
  why not ? 
  finally , someone actually evil . 
  my / c/rirclejerk post got 700 % times as much karma as this post . 
  he did originally call it `` quiddle '' , but later instances of it were of the form `` squiddle '' . 
  ( my major is in homestuck history . ), 
  that 's a good theory , but it seems to me that the horrorterrors exist outside of the game , with the gl ` bgolyb being an exception , for all games , so i would n't vouch for it .
