  i still voted for her just in case , but really , if you live in a blue state and write in , you are not responsible for trump 's election . 
  hilariously , the first three words of that `` native '' translation of the alexandria melon 's name are completely legit classical mayan * :, 
  - k ` uhul : godly , god-like, 
  - ajaw : king, 
  - kakaw : chocolate, 
  reminds me of ken m 's claim that `` potato '' is latin for `` king of the peanuts '' . 
  ^ ( * but , of course , mayan was and is spoken in southern mexico , not peru . ), 
  edit : i 've been trying to figure out what the hell `` shi-jiiy '' is supposed to mean . 
  '' - ijiy '' and its syncopated form '' - jiy '' are deictic suffixes for verbs ( the latter specifically for passives ) , but `` shi '' ( `` xi '' ) is n't a word as far as i know . 
  `` ix '' is a word , but it means `` lady '' , which is n't a verb . 
   enjoy, 
  yet * another * 6-drop for evolve shaman . 
  evolvers are gon na be super familiar with the 7 slot . 
  it really became outdated fast , did n't it ? 
  itt : people who were n't paying attention to the news in 1989, 
  wow , it 's cobra shot with 7 health !, 
  astounding !, 
  he has the [ best version ] ( https://youtu.be/cc5lb_rafsu ) of the thrice holy hymn i 've ever heard . 
  so ethereal . 
  who was it who said hunter could be oppressively good if it had a strong 2 drop and 3 drop ? 
  thijs or something ? 
  now there 's kindly grandmother and this thing , so welcome to the jungle i guess ... 
  this was after wotog became a thing , but before karazhan was even leaked . 
  he meant on-curve hunter , i.e. 
  that 's a good point about cotw , but if you need to tempo it out on 8 , you can always run ragnaros or something . 
  not many decks have a strong tempo play on turn 8 anyway . 
  if we 're willing to include physics stuff , we can mix in a bra or ket vector . 
  maybe . 
  we have n't seen all the other cards yet , but the strong shaman cards are n't going anywhere , anyway , until the rotation . 
  / r/firstworldanarchists, 
  but you only spend , like , 30 hours on cursive in school , tops ( if cursive education in the us is anything like my hazy memories of a cursive education in hungary ) . 
  that 's not enough time to learn a language to proficiency in a group environment . 
  i guess you can get the basics down , though . 
  maybe you could also replace the second language curriculum with it ; i do n't know anyone in the us who still remembers their second language education from grade school . 
  if everybody payed a moderate amount of attention in class , it 'd become a lot more useful than the second language education would have been , not to mention the huge amount of support that this brings to the deaf community . 
  is n't it supposed to be a joke ? 
  what about the famous keyword cbtbsohp ? 
  wait , what 's wrong with the first and last ones ? 
  trotter is fairly tasty , as is pea soup ( among other ways to prepare peas ) . 
  no , you see , that 's a nabla . 
  the curly d 's are dels . 
  edit : looks like there 's some kinda isogloss happening . 
  some people call the upside-down triangle a del , and some people call the curly d a del and the upside-down triangle a nabla . 
  the original commentator who brought it up meant curly d by `` del '' . 
   funnily enough even though it is a cabal target since it effects both players that wo n't help the priest at all, 
  it 'll allow them to trade it a turn later , which is pretty okay . 
  one must imagine sisyphus happy ? 
  ysera ? 
  deathwing v2 ? 
  even og deathwing ? 
  malygos ? 
  regardless , `` most dragons are crap without their battlecry '' is n't true . 
  and n'zoth sees play . 
  mostly in wild , but it does . 
  over time , it 's gon na turn into the most overpowered wild card , except for maybe dr. balance . 
  sure , but if you 've got all knowledge , you 've effectively got more or less all power as well . 
  ( which still probably is n't run by the north korean government ), 
   america bragging to hungary about having no muslims, 
  you 're . 
  doing . 
  wrong . 
  since anyfin is by far the most common and viable murloc deck , he probably has, 
  the mike tyson one bears slightly more explanation . 
  that is a traditional maori face tattoo for warriors . 
  mike tyson is not maori , but he does think it 's cool , hence the tattoo . 
  in a world where tariffs have no effect on import rate and massive construction projects do n't have cost overruns , sure, 
  regardless , we know magic * can * change , both because dan said so multiple times , and because it was confirmed in-comic by pandora 's flashback . 
  two bricks , i think ? 
  not a horcrux made by voldemort , but trump probably is n't as good at making them as the top student at hogwarts was, 
  should n't it be , `` really * should n't * use spell check ! '', 
  or `` should n't use autocorrect '' or something . 
  spellcheck would definitely not throw an error on `` wife '' , but maybe it would on `` wifi '' . 
  i think he has n't actually , but mainly on account of supporting trump . 
  they 're enharmonic , but not the same note . 
  if your scale 's made up of sharps , then it 's an a # . 
  if it 's made up of flats , it 's a b \u266d . 
  he 's creating jobs !, 
  oh boy , it 's been a while since i 've read those . 
  it was in earlier commentaries , up to three ( ? ), 
  years ago . 
  it 's also possible it was in one of the q&a s. 
  later today i 'll have a little time and i 'll try to go back and find those , but no promises . 
  okay , i could n't find anything with a cursory search . 
  but i definitely remember dan talking about magic having its own agenda and not having to work the way it does , more than a year ago . 
  perhaps around sister ii ? 
  maybe later ? 
  maybe not in the main comic ? 
  i wish i could help more , but short of a proper archive dive , i do n't see a way to find out exactly where this was said . 
  it 's a satire, 
  yes , but has that ever happened ? 
  mtg self-mill strats . 
  he 's gon na brann into snapcaster mage, 
  wow , you figured out what the first letter is supposed to be ( other than \u041f , which is n't part of the latin alphabet ) . 
  good job !, 
  but they 'd have to be either of crappy quality or really short , otherwise they 'd take a while to load . 
  maybe they should be embedded gifvs instead . 
  augh one story a 's , go back to ipa and handwriting where y' all belong, 
  yeah , but the fact that carthaginian is n't a language makes it funnier, 
  poke , with a selection of various fishes and sauces available . 
  also probably one of the top ten meals i 've ever eaten .
