  the freedom just gets * more * with every year !, 
  1777 has even more freedom than 1776 !, 
  is n't silicone the rubbery material used for the frame , and then it 's filled with a saline solution to make it bulge ? 
  oh my god, 
  i expected them to cost about as much as condoms . 
  i dunno why , really . 
  no , he spent a year on reddit , and realized that capitalizing on current trends are the best way to make karma . 
  hah , i * wish * my mk skills translated over to good driving skills . 
  [ no , it 's already been shown . 
  made me look . 
  seed ? 
  is n't the seed usually in something , not on something ? 
  i do n't know , would it ? 
  i ca n't see any obvious bad effects , other than being very hypotonic , which i am sure us evolved , mulicellular euks can deal with . 
  come on , have n't you ever gotten on the wrong side of an argument on reddit ? 
  would you really give that kind of power to the idiots who downvoted you ? 
  gold pls, 
  but that 's the thing . 
  would n't you just piss it out anyway ? 
  holy shit , i totally forgot . 
  that makes it so much worse . 
  well i mean tonicity is definitely a problem for every organism on the whole ; everyone needs to watch their osmotic pressure somehow . 
  i was just under the impression that humans in particular had a magic waste processing system that simply eliminated any excess water . 
  maybe it would break the waste processing system ? 
  what would you ruin anyway , your kidneys ? 
  goddamn , for a biologist , i 'm pretty terrible at biology . 
  not to be rude , but sources ? 
  i 've read all of this every which way now , but i 'll be damned if i 've seen a single scientific paper describing the plasma physics of quasars . 
  also , have you heard of the firewall theory of the event horizon ? 
  all i know is that you might get [ euvolemic hyponatremia ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyponatremia ) . 
   beta, 
  i dunno , more like `` dev test '' . 
  or not . 
  i do n't think it was a dead nepeta joke or anything . 
  groped one , yes . 
  stepped on one , no . 
  live in small city , work job 12-10 ... fuck . 
  what 's the joke in # 4 , other than `` her vagina is like a tardis '' ? 
  it 's the exact same symbol as the one he used for the star charmdrant . 
  that 's probably where it 's derived from . 
  why stars in particular , we 'll never know . 
  i 'm on ah 's side . 
  i think it was a reasonable reference to an item of humor . 
  you know , like , `` hey , remember ? '', 
  not a joke , so not his fault that it got misinterpreted as an attempt at one . 
  especially , no shame in explaining it then . 
   either they succeed or they do n't, 
  every fucking plot ever . 
  ( or , most of them . 
  there 's also other kinds of plots , but you get the point . ), 
  sure , we know how sburb works , but just because you do does n't mean there 's no drama . 
  or you really are bored of succeed-or-don ' t plots ? 
  because then your problem is bigger than just mspa fanadventures . 
  or maybe you just lack empathy ? 
  ( so do i , but it ca n't be that * everyone * is constantly pretending to be emapthetic . 
  the more likely explanation is that most people are actually emotionally moved by stuff , and the rest of the people just play along and try to feel the same way but never quite do and wonder whether they 're psychopathic or not and whether it 's possible to be intrinsically a bad person and if so are they one and what makes someone bad anyway , after all everyone is just a product of their biology and environment , you ca n't really blame anyone for doing something you do n't like , because how can it * terminally * be their fault if they got every behavior they have from somewhere anyway , and what does meaningful fault look like anyway , and what would it look like if everybody thought in terms from which fault is completely excised . 
  or , rather , some of that stuff maybe ; point is , most people are probably genuinely empathetic and the rest are n't , or else it would n't be considered rude to not act empathetic in the first place . 
  anyway , i 'm pretty sure we 're in the minority . ), 
  i 've never been conpassionate at all , and i feel very guilty about it . 
  but i just do n't have that feeling . 
  i just ca n't feel sad on someone 's behalf . 
  i know what makes people happy and i try to live up to it . 
  but i do n't have a fundamental basis for ethics , just a rickety structure of inconsistent , self-referential , selfish justifications . 
  i see beauty in intelligent thought , but it 's an `` art/nature/computer science '' kind of beauty and not a `` fellow humans '' kind of beauty . 
  i simply * ca n't * think in terms that are n't objective , ever . 
  is that normal ? 
  is that bad ? 
  does it make me bad ? 
  am i worse than people who actually do feel compassion ? 
  if i had compassion , would i still so fiercely believe in the cause of universal immortality ? 
  how do compassionate people deal with people dying , by the fucking second ? 
  i feel like i would 've killed myself long ago if i had an ounce more compassion or an ounce less ethics , less ethics because i would n't take into account the people who would be upset by my death , more compassion because i 'd be too deeply struck by the fact that twice each second , an entire person disappears off the face of the earth . 
  i do n't know where i 'm going with this , but what are the full implications of the situation that i can never feel sad on someone else 's behalf , but i still feel responsible for everyone at the same time ? 
  `` confused '' is the last word i want to hear ; i 've put a lot of thought into this and it 'd be a bit insulting . 
  i mean , it just feels bad reading all these comments about how important empathy is , and having known all your life that you 've lacked this essential quality , and feeling like a monster . 
  i 'd never hurt anyone , because that would make people very sad , and that is very bad . 
  but what makes it bad ? 
  i 've heard the `` it could have been you '' argument , but it * was n't . 
  * i 'm * me . 
  * if i hurt someone else , that hurts them , not me . 
  but this is one theorem that i wo n't let lack of justification remove . 
  because fuck it . 
  then provide a real justification , for god 's sake !, 
  it sounds like you have a problem with drama itself , which is probably not the case . 
  thank you , that was very satisfying to read . 
  for the record , i agree : a story becomes interesting through a large , continuous space of uncertain configurations . 
  sburb discretizes that space , more or less , and condenses it especially on just two outcomes . 
  no fun . 
  what 's wrong with gay porn ? 
  yes , because they have an equal chance of dating every person on earth . 
  even then , that 's not an accurate probability . 
  first of all , they seem to only be attracted to women , which narrows it down to half of everybody they 'll ever meet . 
  you meet about 100 000 people in your lifetime ( and that 's if you meet new people often ) . 
  so they will meet about 50 000 people who they could potentially date , but that 's in their whole lifetime , and that 's not guaranteed to include any potential siblings at all . 
  at this point , one would have to make too many assumptions to give an estimate more accurate than 1/50 000 : did any of their female siblings move out of north carolina ? 
  how much do they travel ? 
  how much do their female siblings travel ? 
  what is the geographical spread of people that one meets ? 
  what is the geographical spread of potential dates that one meets , conditioned on dating pattern ? 
  what is their dating pattern ?
