  where ? 
  oh duh , i did n't even think of that . 
  thank you !, 
  depending on how powerful they are , the energy industry would collapse , because we 'd try to utilize their capabilities to generate energy . 
  every major government would try to develop a form of mind control . 
  the hero would probably be forced to leave eventually . 
  and you being condescending to him ? 
  jeez . 
  well , ideally , utility functions would and should be roughly consistent in anyone . 
  the management does n't want the people in it to die , the city planner does n't want the people in it to die , and the people in it do n't want to die . 
  however , the problem is that that may not necessarily be true , because it 's hard to pin deaths like that on bad arrangements , and so management probably would n't get any flak for it , and thus would have no reason to care for the lives of the people who lived there , in such a manner . 
  do you know how to program ? 
  it would be a fun project to make your own . 
  haskell says hello . 
  just a simple one , i mean . 
  you could make it command-line based , and be able to enter various commands into an interpreter , and it would print an ascii representation out of the city after every new command . 
  gee , that actually sounds sort of fun to make , brb i 'll waste a couple hours on a demo . 
  oh and i guess if you like learning experiences you could always go play dwarf fortress , with a texture pack if you like . 
  ( i have a feeling that any city planning game would slowly evolve into something like that . ), 
  really ? 
  what part of the country is it found in ? 
  also , so far i have groaned and tolerated the lack of scientific coherence , but after nearly four years of hs , this of all things is the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  ( i am officially a biologist , with a certificate . ), 
  still depends heavily on star type . 
  a spectral class b star , for example , has the habitable zone between 0.6 and 0.8 aus . 
  it also looks an awful lot like every other fucking avian egg ever . 
  how did you know that ? 
  i knew it because i read it in a biology paper . 
  but that does n't explain how you knew it . 
  rss notifiers have way too much of a delay to be useful . 
  he 's having a boner , i guess , basically . 
  you are invited to become a moderator of [ / r/homestuck : homestuck ] ( / r/homestuck ) !, 
  * to accept * , visit the [ moderators page for / r/homestuck ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/about/moderators ) and click `` accept '' . 
  * otherwise , * if you did not expect to receive this , you can simply ignore this invitation or report it . 
  why is the most thoughtful answer in this subreddit always at the bottom ? 
  never mind , i know ... they 're the ones that appear the latest , after most redditors ' votes have been cast !, 
  rip . 
  unfortunately the only thing this brings to mind is jade going crazy, 
  php is one of the few languages i have n't succeeded at writing some form of a cas repl in . 
  ( not that i 've tried very hard . 
  i have better things to do than waste my time with that . ), 
  i 'm at about where you are . 
  except i * have * written assembly for snes , so i 'm not sure whether that counts as a systems language like that , because i 'm still not sure how the fuck to use malloc in c. also , you seem to be missing an optional `` heavy-duty '' language for big programs and projects with end users , like java and c # . 
  does n't the way that zoning works annoy you , though ? 
  it annoys me , at least . 
  is ... is that ... yy-chr99 ? 
  oh god , memories . 
  but this is really cute . 
  props to him !, 
  i want / usr on the hdd because otherwise i will run out of space for my binaries . 
  okay , so if there 's a way to install it like that the first time around , i 'm all ears . 
  but where 's the installer say that ? 
  but cherub relationships are based on negative feelings rather than positive feelings , so would n't he hate softcore porn ? 
  we discussed that formerly , in the other thread . 
  jeez , this has n't been brought up in , like , half a year . 
  no it 's fine , i just wanted to note that . 
  in the us , scuba certification starts at age 10 . 
  guys , let 's not downvote this guy , he actually has a point . 
  you do n't just need to know that the max is 1 , but what value gets you 1 . 
  of course , that 's equally trivial . 
  i do n't know why, 
  if i die and the police look through my online profile , do you think they 'll think i 'm a marijuana smoker if i 'm subscribed to that subreddit ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  it 's pretty clear what he was saying . 
  the only thing i was confused about was that the numbers were coming off the left end , not the right end . 
  you 're being pointlessly pedantic . 
  of course n is a natural number . 
  edit : less than or equal to log-base-10 ( prime ) , sorry . 
  they 're very easy to know ; you can just look on bs01 wiki . 
  those are the only two i have , too . 
  also that jungle one . 
  yes there is . 
  common sense . 
  this is not a proof , this is a goddamn post in a subreddit . 
  the idea is to communicate a thing , not prove a thing . 
  it was communicated well enough . 
  then evaluate this : communication  formalism, 
  hooray , concession !, 
  now comes the kissing , right ? 
   that is vriskas plan . 
  to throw a million nepeta 's at lord english . 
  then painting our cheeks would still be socially acceptable . 
  and that 's all that matters . 
  i plugged in a processor power plug backwards , and i concluded that it was the hardware that did n't work . 
  i somehow ended up rmaing both the motherboard and the processor before having the same problem with their replacements . 
  then i realized that i 'm an idiot . 
  all that beautiful computational technology , wasted . 
  do n't tell me what to do !, 
  \\* upvotes \\*, 
  ( this is hardware-dependent , but generally it 's gon na be 4.10 * 100 grads expressed in radians , which makes i believe pi/20 = about 0.15307963265 ), 
  what the fuck ? 
  i do n't understand where so many people are chanelling their disdain from . 
  i ca n't think of a single other subreddit where this would be such a federal fucking issue . 
  poll : does anyone ( else ) mind the graffiti ? 
  the reason is that tumblr stuff tends to occasionally get taken down and messed with in general . 
  then you credit the guy in the comments . 
  what if i model communication as constraint-optimization of a utility function ? 
  would that be convincing ? 
  are you affiliated with high tech high ?
