  hijack has a house ? 
  and wii sports ? 
  reform society !, 
  it 's on the wikipedia page for `` false friend '' , no less, 
  huh , this is much more literally a nail house than in most cases ... 
  back when there were no crimes , because there were no minorities or poor people . 
  huh , back when i studied it , we used prolog to describe grammars ... it 's interesting to see how the focus has shifted to batch statistical analysis, 
  i want that kid 's keyboard, 
  i wonder if this could be made into a bot, 
  unfortunately , as one who studies languages and their development , i see communism kill cultures more often than any other form of government . 
  i 've even made a semi-tongue-in-cheek list of people who are the best at killing languages :, 
  communists, 
  the french, 
  the mongols , probably, 
  youtube is a form of social media . 
  it 's impressively dedicated to put stuff on social media when nobody 's paying attention to it , since people paying attention to what you put on social media is the only point of it . 
  wait til you hear about intelligent calcium . 
  tbf ottomans ca n't raze stuff , but have you tried exploiting the overseas coring costs ? 
  that and vacuuming the entire house . 
  when i went to college , vacuuming got a lot easier . 
  the simultaneous bad greek and bad cyrillic gave my cancer cancer, 
  in hungarian , we use the word `` pulyka '' , [ derived from a way to call birds to you ( `` puj puj puj '' ) . 
  ] ( http://www.szokincshalo.hu/szotar/?qbetu=p&amp;qsearch=&amp;qdetail=9275 ) the thing is , this is standard for the names of many animals , such as cats and dogs ... * native to the carpathian basin . 
  * the ones that are native to neither western siberia nor the carpathian basin , we use a loanword for , usually german . 
  what the hell ? 
  making ultra-specific versions of this is so fun . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about yukaghir , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know it 's the most widely-considered external classification for uralic , and it 's been implicated in numerous uralic loans in evenki , and it has over 300 confirmed uralic cognates . 
  it has voul harmony and it 's the most typologically uralic language in the entirety of siberia . 
  proto-uralo-yukaghir is nothing to me but just another node . 
  i will reconstruct it the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of uralicists across finland and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your comparative method . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  proto-uralo-yukaghir can be anywhere , anytime , and it can be reconstructed in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with bare morphemes . 
  not only is its morphology extensively well-motivated , but it is supported by the entire arsenal of janhunen 's uralic glossary and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable hypothesis off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  oh my god , i ca n't believe people spherify those things . 
  i 've only ever used the process to make pop boba . 
  no , it absolutely would n't . 
  - i imagine it 's made of the same thing as glass noodles , i.e. 
  potato/yam starch, 
  - cellulose is n't ~ ~ edible ~ ~ digestible ~ ~ , you 're thinking of other carbohydrates ~ ~, 
  edit : got schooled on my carbohydrates, 
  thank you for your suggestion . 
  the mit course will indeed do in a pinch , but i far and away prefer the paul 's notes format , where everything is a webpage , instead of being hidden away in pdf files . 
  those do n't display the equations , sadly , at least not when the notes are down . 
  i think it 's got to do with how archive.org archives things . 
  you ca n't type accents in eu4 anyway , unless they fixed that recently, 
  no way !, 
  ethics was solved on january 2 , 2016 !, 
  shoot accurately on the first day of lessons . 
  i 'm normally very clumsy . 
  both . 
  either way , with paul 's notes , i go from wanting to know something to knowing it quicker than with mit opencourseware . 
  thanks !, 
  i know , but pdfs are much harder to navigate than a website , and it does n't help that neither my computer nor my phone have decent pdf readers . 
  thank you for your suggestion . 
  i have done that , but i find pdfs much harder to use than websites , especially on my phone . 
  2nd world poor, 
  source : am from the 2nd world, 
  but were n't ancient egyptians ... not arab ? 
  that 's 3rd world . 
  2nd world is soviet countries . 
  i 'm from hungary . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_world ) ( technically , they 're third world , but nowadays we use `` first world country '' to mean `` rich western country with a high standard of living '' , which switzerland would definitely fall under . ), 
  not yet thankfully . 
  the russians return centennially to shoot everyone , starting in 1850 or so . 
  better lube up for 2050 . 
  aha , yes , gratin is the food to rule all foods , particularly if you 're drunk/high . 
  in hungary we hard-boil the egg and mix it in the gratin . 
  this is better imo . 
  getting fucked in the ass ? 
  probably . 
  in no way whatsoever is this true . 
  - hockey : more of a finnish , russian , or slovak stereotype, 
  - maple syrup : nobody produces maple syrup in europe . 
  the carpathian basin produces acacia honey , though , which is the closest you get, 
  - overly nice/apologetic : does n't really apply to anyone in europe as a stereotype either, 
  - moose : no moose in europe . 
  the sami have reindeer, 
  - tim horton 's : can you believe there 's none of these europe either ? 
  more generally , nearly all of europe has the stereotype of being heavy drinkers , especially the more eastern countries . 
  the probable actual heaviest drinkers are the czechs and russians, 
  - drugs : that 's the czech republic and russia . 
  not much of a canadian stereotype either , but it 's gained ground since that one mayor, 
  - socialism : that 's scandinavia, 
  - does n't / does want to be the usa : not really a stereotype in europe . 
  perhaps the uk, 
  overall winner : i 'd say either sweden or finland is closest to the `` canada of europe '', 
  sure , but the phrases still have meanings . 
  oops yeah , that does make everything better, 
  was n't the guy on the same ship as him , though ? 
  i just picture a drill instructor yelling at me to do my work , it works every time, 
  the copypasta , it 's evolving,
