  none of the subscribers who make good comics are actually going to go away , so it would n't even be a problem . 
  but telling people that they are butthurt makes it seem more real to them . 
  whether or not they are actually butthurt , telling them that everyone * else * is makes it seem to them that there is a very , very large amount of butthurt . 
  the upside is that it makes everyone feel edgy and gives the atmosphere of a major disaster . 
  the downside is that comics that only serve to make fun of one country or other will probably be put in the jlp , which i 'd hate to lose . 
  at least you saved an escaping trajectory , and not doomed one . 
  but then you * could n't * save . 
  no saving in atmosphere . 
  * clara, 
  there 's still lots of news links . 
  and they 're not even sensationalized as much as the / r/physics ones , either . 
  it 's bigger than i thought , i thought it would be practically invisible . 
  kind of like that map of africa made up of a bunch of well-known countries for scale , and all you could think was `` god damn i did n't expect switzerland to even show up . '', 
  please do n't steal it !, 
  anyway , here is the breakdown :, 
  - those lines on the side are actual parts of ellipses , although not the same ellipse ( the middle one is part of a different ellipse than the other two ), 
  - it 's built to look like the [ symbols of certain air forces ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_aircraft_insignia ) ; the us air force , among other ones , has the lines on the side , and the indonesian air force has a pentagonal symbol ( instead of a roundel , as is standard ), 
  - it looks like the periapsis symbol in ksp, 
  - unfortunately , it does n't display the full company name , but then neither do most car companies, 
  [ it was this map ] ( http://tariq.co/true-size-of-africa/ ) ( also * swaziland * is , however , an african country , and is a little less than half as big as switzerland ), 
  i 'm not sure if it 's actually accurate . 
  africa is huge for sure , but switzerland is the size of the us east coast in that picture . 
  the scale seems off ( maybe they sourced the countries from a non-equal-area projection ? 
  http://youtu.be/cwihnbmupdi ( except it is n't , at least in ksp ; you can do it in real life by having another body tug you into the right orbit , but in ksp you can only have one body influence you at a time ), 
  here 's an actually good equal-area projection : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/goode_homolosine_projection_sw.jpg, 
  and a tool to compare relative sizes of countries : http://mapfrappe.com/, 
  and holy shit , yes . 
  space stations always go unappreciated on this sub . 
  great job !, 
  wow , what a hub . 
  do you actually use it for stuff ? 
  also , those mini-ships have cool aesthetics , but have you considered replacing the pod with a lander can ? 
  it weighs way less , and would look almost as good . 
  it was probably very fun ; who does n't like their vision coming true before there eyes ? 
  a transfer stage consisting of 8 nukes , neatly asparagused ... and one skipper . 
  i know , but i always end up building space stations and rarely ever actually siphoning fuel from them because i do n't want to deflower the space station . 
  eat them to gain their powers, 
  while most of the things this guy says are terrible , we joke about how germany can not stop talking about how bad the holocaust was all the time , and how it 's israel 's get-out-of-jail-free card . 
  when somebody finally says out loud that the holocaust is brought up too much , we ask him whether he is serious !, 
  does n't that seem kind of inconsistent to you ? 
  we should agree that the holocaust is simultaneously terrible and overblown . 
  the one that gibs monies . 
  in a way , posting it on this sub ensures that it 's not stolen ; it is like mailing something to yourself to patent it ( which does n't actually work in the us ) . 
  you should put some empty tanks in the front , so that you can balance the weight depending on how much there is by transferring fuel !, 
  come to think of it , why do n't modern cranes use a system like that ? 
   vs muslims, 
  it sounds good !, 
  popcorn jellybeans , at least , taste great , and sea salt and caramel are delicious . 
  the whole thing should taste like ... caramel popcorn ? 
  do n't enter either , so i win . 
  :p ( but honestly no color looks better ... or maybe use solid colors for each shape . 
  but do n't put colored stroke on the outside . ), 
  * / k\u0252l\u0259 /, 
  going for the diplomatic victory . 
  what kind of strange flag is that ? 
  two names for the same thing, 
  i wonder what one could do with a hair dryer . 
  and i wonder if one could utilize this is cooking somehow . 
  oh ... did n't know hungary even had a flag back then . 
  i wonder if we could find a hat for hungary . 
  something like r\u00e1k\u00f3czi wears on the 500 ft note . 
  where else should it be posted ? 
  i do n't care , i just wanted to know . 
  the farmers , of course . 
  wait , did ayn rand actually say that ? 
  - whatever is required for a biology degree at your school is fine . 
  look out for anything molecular biology-related , and bioinformatics-related . 
  - yes . 
  it 's too bad , though ; you should n't . 
  - learn biology . 
  learn molecular genetics . 
  - look for research opportunities . 
  they will help you get into labs , later . 
  - ( sorry , ca n't answer this one ; too broad/vague ), 
  - what do you mean `` practical '' ? 
  do you mean whether it restricts your lifestyle in any way ? 
  if so , then , well , it 's not going to be very high-paying at first . 
  but other than that i ca n't really think of anything . 
  but they 're not all trying to accomplish the same task . 
  heck , rarely ever is anybody trying to accomplish the same task as someone else . 
  but , why would you assume that , even as a kid ? 
  that one 's on you . 
  i 'll say this much : at least her philosophy is internally consistent . 
  ( but oh god that 's terrible ), 
  most eve landers are actually absurdly tiny , since the challenge of it forces people to condense their rockets . 
  ( and partly because most eve landers need to be put on wheels to reach the summit of eve 's highest point . ), 
  check out [ my eve mission ] ( http://imgur.com/a/s01p8 ) as an example ; my lander is actually big compared to most . 
  this is from a long while ago . 
  for example , tylo takes more like 2270 , not 3070 . 
  not true . 
  jool requires twice as much dv to orbit , and thus square as much fuel . 
  use inkscape !, 
  super easy to learn and it makes stuff scalable ( i.e. 
  vector graphics ) . 
  i am talking about getting to orbit from the surface . 
  okay , yes , we get it , a vast amount of the us does n't produce gdp . 
  i do n't think so . 
  but kerbal science has progressed since then ( or newer maps use lower orbits because the surfaces have changed , idk ) . 
  it 's possible to land on it ; you just need a lot of luck . 
   fuck chromium users,
