  a well-written rebuttal : http://lesswrong.com/lw/mn/absolute_authority/, 
  and what 's wrong with using it , then ? 
  ( apologies if you did n't mean to imply that , it just sort of came off that way ), 
  he expects that not everyone will follow his advice . 
  it 's like the tragedy of the commons , but with positive instead of negative consequences . 
  i do n't think he missed that . 
  okay . 
  i do n't think that it 's worthwhile to call attention to it , though , since no preferences are choices , so it 's not unique . 
  they hunt in packs , too . 
  they cluster around a single vowel , and devour it . 
  you 're overthinking it . 
  people like blorange contrast . 
  so they put blorange constrast into their games . 
  you 'd prefer they do n't put things people like in their games ? 
  that makes the game worse than if they did put the things that people like into it . 
  i figured the game has blorange in it as well , and you 're upset with that . 
  ( i , personally , have n't seen the frostbite engine , and so i thought that the provided picture would be indicative of it . 
  i find it very strange that it is n't . 
  what 's the picture for , then ? ), 
  then i am on your side . 
  i 'd prefer that advertisements contain content from the game , to show you why you should buy it . 
  however , i think these advertisements mean to appeal to preteen boys , who are attracted to the feeling conveyed by the advertisement rather than things about the game itself . 
  i 'd appreciate it if they put up separate advertisements for older people , too . 
  correlation = / =  causation necessarily, 
  or maybe he was eager to share it with reddit because he wanted us to know . 
  come on , assuming the worst of peole does n't get us anywhere . 
  well , it 's bad , as most people see it . 
  i 'd personally rather not read bad intentions into anybody . 
  discovering the answer is a very good thing . 
  discovering it quicker is , of course , better . 
  if we wanted them to , 90 % of reddit comments could be this comment . 
  thankfully , only this comment is , which is just enough . 
  i 'm very happy about it . 
  if only more people were as charitable as you !, 
  think if people got offended by his comment , and concluded that he was a pretentious asshole . 
  who 's to say otherwise ? 
  i 'm so glad it turned out this way instead . 
  but that 's just as much of a generalization . 
  surely you realize ? 
  i could do without the editorialism , but as long as we 're listing ridiculous sources found on / r/politics , how about the daily mail ? 
  you can find more of this kind of text , `` enriching information '' , in books , if you read the right ones . 
  ( i 'm sure you knew that , but it 's worth mentioning . ), 
  i do n't know how many people are left that take karma as having intrinsic value seriously . 
  some new users , probably , some teenage users , probably , and some power users , probably . 
  we 're not in their heads , sadly . 
  maybe we should have a survey . 
  do you think askreddit is a randomized-enough cross-section of redditors ? 
  i can still see how one could perceive it that way . 
  `` i ca n't believe he 's going to defend america , land of the stupid and lazy , like that . 
  and then he has the nerve to say that i have no creativity , just because i disagreed with him !, 
  what kind of pretentious asshole * is * this guy ? 
  i ca n't believe he thinks he 's being creative , when he 's browsing * reddit . 
  a bit forced , but it looks like a plausible line of thinking , does n't it ? 
  a huge factor from the outset is whether you initially agree with him or not . 
  if you were strongly elitist and condemning of the american people , then you would probably have thought the other thing instead . 
  better link ( more stories , actually legible res ) : http://imgur.com/a/tokgn, 
  probably, 
  fucking incredible, 
  thank you !, 
  it dissipates kinetic energy after landing . 
  it 's a large box , and the egg is suspended in the middle of the box using wires ( straws , in this case ) , and it jiggles without breaking . 
  the air resistance criticism is fair , though . 
  just in : computers can do * anything . 
  no , it is n't . 
  translating any poetry is like eating spaghetti with a straw . 
  it 's easy to rationalize cheating , with the right tools . 
  and the accusations were stupid and malicious , but they probably do n't indicate a persistent , inherent malice in her . 
  i 'd say she just fucked up very badly . 
  which is okay to shame someone for , a bit , but i would n't call her a `` manipulative cheating liar '' . 
  [ fortunately for everyone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xfc0mom.png ) ( straight from my `` silly-drawings '' folder ), 
  do they ever ask about * downton abbey * , or is that too far out of your time period ? 
  * what ? 
  * where the heck do you live ? 
  i understand what you mean . 
  i grew up in hungary . 
  historical education is * still * terrible in every way there . 
  i just figured that it 'd be different in america . 
  everybody 's so progressive here ( in america ) , by comparison !, 
  so it 'll become a little more hazardous . 
  you 'll have to take greater precautions around your balloons . 
  but that 's just inconvenient , not deadly . 
  i fucking * hate * being the only person i know who knows latex . 
  and poland . 
  although i live ( d ) in hungary , where i had that every morning , sometimes minus the potatoes . 
  if i could , i 'd eat nothing but potatoes , forever . 
  you 're missing `` silver '' placement in the materials table under `` armor '' . 
  or am i very dumb and you ca n't make armor out of that ? 
  why ? 
  and for anyone who misinterpreted it , the [ x ] there is not the english `` x '' , but the sound of the german `` ch '' or russian '' \u0445 '' . 
  edit : technically german uses a sound that 's a bit further back in the throat , but you get the idea, 
   26 dimensions, 
  used to be 26 . 
  now we 've pretty much narrowed it down to 10 , or 11 at the moment . 
  ( although i 'm personally not going to even consider string theory as a serious model until it produces a testable prediction that would distinguish it from a universe without string theory . ), 
  sorry , my description was n't meant to be 100 % correct , just close enough so people get it . 
  proper german does use the voiceless uvular fricative , whereas this is the voiceless velar fricative ( although i bet there 's a german dialect or ten out there that use the velar ! ) . 
  i thought they were similar enough that the distinction is n't important to non-linguists . 
  any comments ? 
  i 'll bet you 're annoyed by the hiatus . 
  my attitude towards math class is the same .
