  to your edit : how can you dig without the wood piece , assuming no trees are available ? 
  my knowledge of minor details ( i.e. 
  tiny weapons that may be able to dig ) is n't great . 
  actually the cancer is merely a means to get the antibodies to reproduce . 
  i 'm not interested in curing the cancer ; just making more of the antibodies , which do useful stuff . 
  but they at least had removable busts and a hell lot of portals . 
  ( for anyone who does n't know about problem sleuth :, 
  take the mechanics of portal and square their relative complexity, 
  imagine someone making a noir-stlye adventure game with these mechanics , set during the prohibition, 
  imagine someone writing a webcomic parody of this game, 
  mentally animate it : this is problem sleuth ), 
  yeah , fast travel should work . 
  do n't know why you 'd go to all the trouble of retiring , though . 
  i feel you . 
  someone res-tagged me as `` shithead '' for disliking xkcd and references to thereof . 
  now he ca n't resist yelling `` shithead '' at me every time i make a post he does n't like . 
  wow , thanks for introducing me to c&en !, 
  i never have the time to read actual scientific articles , but i still want to remain informed about things that actually matter to me . 
  this is perfect !, 
  do n't forget that he 's otherkin . 
  you do n't see folks like that around here on reddit . 
  cronus `` has a sort of charm '' ? 
  gtfo . 
  ( come on !, 
  he treats everyone like shit !, 
  without even having the balls to be upfront about it !, 
  i 'm insulted that he thinks he is like a human . ), 
  `` konkri '' ? 
  oh my god . 
  i mean , the part about it being necessary was obvious ... ( why would n't it ? 
  occam 's razor ) ... but the thought of cronus in a codpiece , and all those stupid frills . 
  my god . 
  but what about the concept of dota ? 
  the funny thing is , i mentally pronounce `` karkat '' as [ ` karkat ] , but use an english-based mental pronunciation for kankri [ ` k\u00e6nkri ] ( wherein the r is upside-down ) . 
  ( wow , this is one of the few times when ipa works out so well with english pronunciation and the keys available on my keyboard . 
  i did purposely leave out the ipa for the english pronunciation for `` karkat '' , which would 've required me to start copying and pasting symbols from my internet browser . 
  i 'm on an iphone ! ), 
  once you carry it into english , though , there are multiple ways to pronounce it . 
  sure , there are ways that sound slightly closer to the sanskrit pronunciation , but that was with sanskrit phonology . 
  trying to mix english phonology with sanskrit phonology is pointless ; they 're two different languages . 
  when you say `` kankri '' in english , it 's in english , not sanskrit . 
  and you are given license to use any viable english pronunciation you like . 
  kankri : sjw , long , boring . 
  you : romance , long , insightful . 
  though i did see it when you mentioned the word `` essay '' . 
  i was being mad at cronus , not you . 
  [ ( y9o sh9ld really tag y9ur statements n9netheless !, 
  and the alpha kids , do n't forget them . 
  ( not like that 'll happen . ), 
  he 's a lime blood . 
   the op , a father who discovered a trove of pornography on his 13-year-old son 's computer , employs the cliche title structure of `` hey reddit ... did i do this correctly ? 
  '' , implying that he 's already harboring doubts about the way he handled this situation and needs to seek approval and reassurance from the reddit community . 
  that 's not what that implies . 
  it implies that he wants attention/karma/recognition for it . 
  well , in any case , you 're tagged as `` knows ipa '' now in lime green ( for `` homestuck '' ) , so now i know . 
   everything fully functional, 
  quick , click `` sburb '' !, 
  she still * has * them . 
  she just had them dream-taken-off in that dream bubble a year ago . 
  and lives near greenwich . 
  if i 'd do this , it would only be to troll . 
  i do n't have much of a statement to make either way . 
  it looks fun , though . 
   `` correctly '', 
  it 's no more correct than any other method . 
  it makes sense , but it 's not the one true way . 
  it 's pronounced `` querty '' , but spelled `` qwerty '' ( which is a homophone for it anyway ) . 
  so i do n't see what the problem is . 
  the problem with this is that it may devolve into `` do i really need to say anything '' when the linked comment is sufficiently long . 
  but ... that one was really obvious . 
  edit : who 's got that sistine chapel-type illistration of equius and dirk in clouds of robots ? 
  it was painted very shortly after dirk was introduced . 
  beaten by * two seconds * !, 
  whom . 
  it looks like the one we 're in . 
  john !, 
  or , alternatively , very * nearly * bites it . 
  shut up , i mean openbound/bubblebound/bubblr . 
  that 's the other possible one that we 'll get to see . 
  there are , like , no other possibilities . 
  also , this is an entire year later from the last time the meteor kids met up with the trollcestors . 
  it 's probably a different bubble , given that they are a different location in both time and space . 
  he was n't dead there . 
  there was no blood et cetera . 
  he disappeared before the trident hit him . 
  the trident dropped afterwards because of looney tunes physics . 
  edit : sorry , i was wrong . 
  new favorite term . 
  right here . 
  this is a good theory . 
  plausible , even . 
  ggg . 
  this has become less fun since it was confirmed that caliborn was le . 
  i love those names . 
  i love this verse and live by it . 
  i think he was trying to sarcastically present a counterexample . 
  i 'd go as far to say as he 's using it to feel superior to christians , but it 's not my place to say that . 
  it might have actually been relevant to the discussion , but only if he had been less confrontational and actually posted an argument to respond to . 
  then we could have had an actual , fruitful discussion !, 
  but now that all he 's done is express his condescension and go mute , we can do nothing but downvote .
