  i am becoming more and more convinced that he 's doing it deliberately to drive the republican spectrum to the right , like all of reddit 's armchair analysts say . 
  itt : people who see the word `` collage '' so rarely that they think it must be a typo when they finally do, 
  it took that long for someone to copyright a book in the us ? 
  i mean , i understand it was poor and war-torn , but come on ... 
  it 's coming out on dec 2 , not 24 , apparently, 
  the difference is , germany has hundreds of other flags to draw upon to symbolize their heritage . 
  whereas the only way that southerners can symbolize the fact that they are a separate ( but mostly unified ) culture from the north is by using civil war-era flags . 
  it 's a real shame it had to be connected to slavery like that . 
  i suspect hundreds of years from now the slavery part will be minimized , and the american civil war will be remembered as just the putting down of another separatist movement for a cultural minority . 
  we need a new southern flag , not connected to slavery . 
  although , ball bearings are really simple , and therefore really hard to invent . 
  when you 're inventing super soakers , on the other hand , you 've already got a number of founding principles to rely on . 
  `` i need a source of energy for my gun . 
  well , hand power is probably good enough . 
  oh , but one-shot is n't enough ; we need a way to store it . 
  how about compression of a fluid ? '', 
  of course , i 'm skipping the dead ends ( '' ... we need a way to store it . 
  how about springs ? 
  '' ) , but the key is that there is already a framework for you to think about in terms of just plugging things into other things . 
  alternatively, 
  ostravo ostravo, 
  ostravo ostravo, 
  brilliant i love stuff like this and used to draw it all the time as a kid . 
  but i swear there 's more fish in this picture than pixels, 
   where does it say they have to use a flag for a symbol ? 
  and if so , why a confederate flag ? 
  well , everyone * else * has one . 
  and what else besides the confederate flag ? 
  what other flag is there that is commonly recognized as symbolic for the south , besides the other confederate flag ? 
  there 's the flag of texas , but that ... belongs to texas . 
   and why is there even a ` southern pride ' ? 
  i 've never heard of ` northern pride ' . 
  the south does more to honor the people that died to preserve slavery than the north does to honor those that died in the civil war . 
  this is because the south has historically been somewhat marginalized in the us , both in politics and in the media . 
  they have n't been * terribly * marginalized -- there 's been southern presidents before , for example -- but their dialects of english are seen as nonstandard , they are generally treated as a token separate cultural group , they initially were n't a big component of the us government ( there were no ( well-known ? ), 
  founding fathers who were southern , for example ) , and , perhaps most importantly , they live in a poorer part of the us than the north . 
  the reason the north does n't have a `` northern pride '' flag is that the usa and its flag already serves as an identity for them , since it was always `` about '' them from the beginning . 
  also maybe because the north is less culturally unified than the south , but that could just be the [ out-group homogeneity effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/out-group_homogeneity ) talking . 
  this is one of the differences between the usa and europe . 
  in europe , if you 're a separate culture , you 're `` supposed to '' have your own state , or at least have had one in the past . 
  this is why europe abounds with separatist movements , from catalonia and scotland to less well-known ones like the belgian ones or the italian ones or galicia , or even motherfucking transnistria . 
  nobody in hungary or romania ever wonders why the gypsies need their own flag and do n't just use the flag of where they live . 
  meanwhile in the us , people look upon southern separatism with disdain , and just do n't really grasp the idea of cultural diversity applying to the us in a way that does n't go hand-in-hand with ethnic diversity . 
  this is probably because the south has never had its own state ( besides briefly the one that was defeated in the civil war ) , and is both funny and troubling . 
  well , i did say `` fluid '' :p i know water is incompressible , i meant air , i was just covering my ass in case it somehow worked with water, 
   also inadvertent visual pun in that florida 's flag kinda looks like a baseball . 
  the flag it 's probably based on , the flag of the spanish empire , looks even more like a baseball , since it lacks the crest, 
  it 's beautiful , the prosody even lines up correctly, 
  it can , at great expense . 
  it is very hard to compress . 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af that 's probably the case . 
  i was talking about something in between , which he did n't necessarily invent but i thought we were discussing . 
  you 're right , the real idea behind it was an idea for a product , not an idea for an invention . 
  so , does this solve the problem with black holes and quantum mechanics ? 
  even the oversea converter is passive ? 
  why in god 's name would they make it that long then ? 
  the text animation is really annoying , though . 
  just make it appear !, 
  also i really do n't think they 'd bother with an `` interim ceo '' for a few bans and firings . 
  if anything , this new `` content policy change '' that reddit hates and which they totally could have brought in under pao is evidence against it . 
  but whatever , this is a funny gif, 
   but because it 's usually built like a tank . 
  all of my possessions from east germany are like that , too . 
  although east germany was more famous for its products ' lack of durability ; see : the trabant, 
  ah , i 'm not terribly educated about this . 
  the one that made people propose firewalls ? 
  got kicked out of iberia ? 
  sad, 
  i 've always figured that it 's the most abstract mechanic in the game , put in entirely to control rate of expansion . 
  `` coring cost reduction '' is just code for `` this country can expand quickly '' ; the ottomans and nomads have them because , historically , they expanded far and wide , and paradox wanted to mimic that . 
  `` increased local coring cost '' is to make it difficult to expand through a region ; historical conquerors had trouble getting through the caucasus , or bohemia , or north africa , so they have that increased coring cost . 
  it is meant not to be a reflection of any particular historical mechanism , but to be a tool for paradox to shape eu4 's history in historical ways . 
  a more sophisticated game would model the * reasons * for why it was easy to expand for certain nations and hard to expand through certain nations ( like the mongols ' form of warfare and administration allowing them to get control of an area quickly , or the mountains in the caucasus preventing people from getting through ) , but as it stands , coring is a catch-all abstraction for this . 
  i kind of like it , myself ; there 's been much odder gaming abstractions . 
  ultimately how any strategy game plays is a function of what you decide to abstract and how , and paradox decided to do it like this , which is reasonable , all things considered . 
  it * is * , however , explained away as administrative control over a province , and a couple changes to the coring mechanic would make it a more obvious stand-in for it . 
  only one country can have administrative control over a province at a time , so there 'd be no such thing as multiple cores of the same province . 
  and the province would behave as though it belonged to whoever had the core there , ignoring the * de jure * borders . 
  a country would only really cease to exist once its last core got converted to a core of another country . 
  but this would destroy coring as a mechanic for controlling expansion , and i can not recommend it for eu4 . 
  i have to ask , who originated the suffix '' - erino '' ? 
  i know there is a youtuber known for it but i do n't know who . 
  one of my friends keeps saying `` ripperino '' and i 'm curious as to where he got it from . 
  edit : [ for example , it was parodied on videogamedunkey ] ( https://youtu.be/6n83k-chhg4?t=20s ), 
  well , best if you like reflex and memorization games . 
  if you like strategy , i have some trick-taking card games to show you ... 
  i know that he 's known for it , but it 's become common in certain video game communities as well and i believe it stems from one guy . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure flanders never said specifically `` rip '' and `` ripperino '' ( and `` rippy-dip '' and what have you ) . 
  yeah i think he popularized it in general, 
  do austria and abkhazia next !, 
  ( also andorra but who cares about andorra honestly ), 
  nah that would just devalue humor . 
  it 's the equivalent of throwing away every effort at delivering a joke deadpan, 
  some people do . 
  i did , even in the middle of `` singing '' , and i specifically had to train myself to use [ \u014b ] on its own for the purpose of learning languages where [ \u014b ] is phonemic . 
  now i ca n't go back . 
  :p although i still occasionally accidentally pronounce [ \u1d51\u0261 ] at the beginnings of words that are supposed to begin with [ \u014b ] . 
  i was a less smart pedantic little snot and was wondering what shape it was actually making . 
  i 'm still not convinced about the parabola ; does n't it look like it 's curving a little * inward * towards the bottom ? 
  like a grape or something,
