  ( a simple , multiple-hours-but-less-than-a-day task . ), 
  it is also to be assumed that i can understand the scheme code that a professional wrote to solve a simple task ( but not a complicated one ) . 
  hungarians say `` ja '' as a synonym of english `` oh '' . 
  it 's probably from german , but maybe not . 
  power . 
  it 's still out there , though , in solar orbit , is n't it ? 
  edit : nope , it deorbited !, 
  i thought it escaped . 
  damn . 
  it also makes spaceships with higher part counts more stable , since the spring physics is calculated with higher granularity ( what does ksp use anyway ? 
  euler integration ? 
  that is a very epic-looking ship !, 
  do those ion engines do what i think they do ? 
  isopropyl alcohol is not potable , do n't bother with that one . 
  ethanol however would definitely be a waste . 
  in minecraft . 
  irl though it is a pretty useless answer ( if funny ) . 
  whoops . 
  i copied / u/chainersummons 's phrasing . 
  hahaha , looks vaguely similar to bubble chamber etchings . 
  we have statues of anne hutchinson , and we do n't know what her face looked like . 
  well i mean , what kind of person * would n't * be a clich\u00e9 ? 
  there 's a lot of us , of course there 's going to be ones of us that are similar to each other . 
  i live less than a km from cal , and i find out about it through the la times ? 
  what the hell is wrong with me ? 
  do n't , berkeley makes you walk to places on a slant . 
  it 's kind of inconvenient . 
  i was kidding . 
  cal is as good a place as any . 
  i am an experienced hiker too . 
  my one problem with cal is the many students in each room . 
  i prefer stanford . 
  ( also stanford has better weather and is next to palo alto . ), 
  i do n't like him primarily because of the education cuts he has made . 
  i noticed !, 
  i was like , `` damn , this is unbelievable , imagine how many people are confused right now . '', 
  anyone know whether yosemite is actually closed ? 
  i mean , some of the people who work there * live * there . 
  what do they do , take a day off ? 
  what an asshole !, 
  oh my god , i get it now !, 
  thank you . 
  it 's three years of difference . 
  it 's hardly any difference at all . 
  reprap is indie , sort of . 
  okay , this is the third place i 've heard that idea . 
  number one was smbc , number two was dresden codak , and number three is this comment . 
  so there . 
  escape the hash sign with a backslash . 
  hey , you 're right !, 
  especially appropriate because hashtags collect posts that mention them ( i.e. 
  posts relevant to the hashtag ) , whereas subreddits collect posts relevant to the subreddits ( although not automatically ) . 
  what is your favorite color ? 
  then again , it 's not like they usually get anyone to photograph the surgery itself . 
  `` lol trolled '', 
  edit : geez , i thought i 'd get downvoted . 
  you guys !, 
  if you use chrome , that 's the same as going directly to the address . 
   all of these subplots are just continuing to reach out into numerous directions , which i would n't have a problem with if there was any semblance of mood . 
  nothing feels like it 's coming to a head because there 's almost no tension . 
  this has always been a problem of hussie 's . 
  he used to estimate that homestuck will be done in october of 2010 . 
  six plus one acts has always been the plan , and he 's invested too much in it to deviate from it now , but it 's the reason we 're now on act 6 act 6 act 6 act 2 or something . 
  hussie likes to fray the plot , since ( and this is speculation ) it makes it easier to get over writer 's block , since he can just pick up another thread and keep going . 
  it has the same feeling as procrastination . 
  it 's not looking hopeless , though . 
  problem sleuth is an example of something he * did * wrap up fairly well . 
  if you look at it that way , there 's few things to worry about : this could be the last time we see vriska , so there 's that . 
  the ghosts are dead or dying ; the fairly obvious conclusion after le 's defeat is that they stop dying and are comfortable in the afterlife for eternity . 
  aranea can get sent back to the afterlife or whatever . 
  that leaves all the corporeal people : the b1 kids , the b2 kids and the remaining trolls , gamzee , the dogs , the condesce , noirlish , and slick and the felt . 
  the kids are going to come together anyway , slick & amp ; co. will probably only have one more role to play until they get croaked , and gamzee , the dogs , the condesce , and noirlish can get killed off individually . 
  that whittles it down to just le and the kids , at which point they can have a battle . 
  then you get an epilogue , in which dad reappears , having been mostly ignored for act 6 . 
  at least , that 's one way to wrap it up . 
  it 's anyone 's guess what hussie will do , but just knowing that a solution exists does n't make it look so bad , does it ? 
  heck , if hussie had to end it by tomorrow , he 'd be able to do so in 20 or so panels , although obviously with much choppier pacing than normal . 
  the more difficult part is building up the tension again so it becomes a surprising ending . 
  i think he 's doing pretty well so far ; aranea was unexpected and a huge spanner in the works . 
  everybody already knew roughly how everything was going to play out , so it was great going of him to subvert their expectations so handily . 
  the clefs look weird , but the notes are beautiful !, 
  that sounds like me , except that i would have forgotten that i had that class , for a quarter , instead of deliberately not coming . 
  i can proudly say i passed choir class with a `` w '' !, 
  it 's the dragon fractal , sorta !, 
  actually , i think , two of it . 
  or maybe it 's the julia set ? 
  we have tenses in hungarian , but they 're mostly for preschoolers , and do n't include the future tense . 
  we call them `` t\u00edz\u00f3raik '' . 
  that 's funny , 20-30 comics down , this is the first one i 've seen . 
  the question was rhetorical and sarcastic . 
  he was saying that he only expected posts like this in / r/atheism . 
  not sure whether you are referring to this or not , but while `` begging the question '' * is * a way we refer to a fallacy that we also call `` circular logic '' , we additionally say `` begs the question '' to mean `` invites the question '' and `` brings to mind the question '' . 
  read that as `` 5 a m '' , maybe i should go to sleep . 
  wait , the navier-stokes equation is not the be-all end-all model of fluids ? 
  what is it missing ? 
  i guess it 's not good if your fluid does n't stay a continuum . 
  i dunno , i 've only seen the first season , and i clicked through the first three , and thought , `` good thing i do n't understand any of this . '', 
  ( also , `` good thing my connection is so shitty . '' ), 
  no , i mean we stop eating ten-o ' - clock snacks . 
  ( mostly . ),
