  gandhi 's hostility was set to 1 initially , but over time everybody acquired modifier traits that knocked down their hostility by 1 or 2 points . 
  once gandhi 's hostility was knocked down by 2 points , the integer rolled over and it became 255 . 
  and so a monster was born . 
  * oblidisk, 
  i know !, 
  it was fun to sound out . 
  do you really think he 's `` begging for comment karma '' ? 
  he does n't want reddit to vote based on opinion , and squash any actual discussion . 
  or maybe he wants his post to be seen , and that 's why he does n't like being downvoted . 
  i do n't understand why everybody immediately jumps to `` he wants karma '' . 
  that describes only a small part of the people on this site . 
  there are many valid reasons to not like downvotes ,, 
  i swear , downvoting if anybody so much as * mentions * the votes their post got has got to be one of the worst habits that a reddit user gets exposed to and generally takes up . 
  it does n't make much sense at all . 
  there is nothing wrong with disagreeing with the people who vote on your comment , and there is nothing wrong with saying so . 
  edit : i 'm pleasantly surprised , reddit ; i was n't expecting any upvotes, 
  is that [ ` swovo ] ? 
  james , while john had had `` had '' , had had `` had had '' ; `` had had '' had had a better effect on the teacher . 
  in hungarian we also pronounce `` w '' as [ v ] , but i find it hilarious that the approximant that the bar modifies the < l  to is neither alveolar nor lateral . 
  ( then again i was expecting it to be [ j ] , which is palatal , so maybe i 'm just surprised that [ w ] is a phoneme at all in the region . ), 
  the term for the liquid 's temperature is supercooled , and the term for the ice in that context in `` nucleation sites '' . 
  ( obviously you should n't have used those terms ; i 'm just saying so as an addendum ), 
  same thing in serbian , i think . 
  it 's why i said `` most '' . 
  why his right hand ? 
  was he left-handed ? 
  was his left arm a better throwing arm ? 
  was his right hand heavier than his left hand ? 
  [ is used of aeronomy . 
  / r/noisygifs, 
  huh , my map for france says `` mot '' . 
  does quebec french diverge linguistically from french french ? 
  no problem, 
  mind giving the differential equation that generates the graph ? 
  i 've got only a cursory knowledge of zeta field theory . 
  this is a very good approximation of my impression of the world . 
  good job . 
  man , we could do these for smaller regions , too . 
  scandinavia :, 
  - sweden : atheists and notch, 
  - norway : oil, 
  - finland : snow, 
  - \u00c5land : swedes, 
  - iceland : geology, 
  please tell me there 's mushrooms in it . 
  ahh i see , you put down letters and skip turns , very clever ... 
  i think . 
  how do you get new letters ? 
  swap to pile ? 
  why is serbia death ? 
  so many other countries could be death . 
  also i vote britain for conquest , although spain is excellent too . 
  huh ? 
   most likely apocryphal, 
  it probably did n't happen , fortunately . 
  an alcubierre drive is a device that would theoretically let you travel faster than light , by warping space into shapes . 
  but it needs negative mass to be a thing , which it is n't . 
  reddit is populated with people who have read science fiction . 
  i 'm sure most of everybody will get it . 
  wow that certainly is a reference, 
  what i do is ally with him , take out everybody else , conquer/buy so that i have all the uranium , and then nuke his capital . 
  `` pain '' would be more fitting for him, 
  a bunch of trash ? 
  like , prayer flags ? 
  national flags ? 
  trash ? 
  holy fuck . 
  well , we have quite a few senses ... 
  - light ( sight ), 
  - sound ( sound ), 
  - heat ( thermoception ), 
  - relative positions of our body parts ( proprioception ), 
  - orientation of head ( equilibrioception ), 
  - damage to body , spiciness ( pain/nocioception ), 
  - chemical composition of food ( taste ), 
  - passage of time ( chronoception ), 
  - chemical composition of air ( smell ), 
  - displacement of skin ( touch , actually broken up into light touch and deep touch ), 
  - quite a few inwards-monitoring ones , such as the sense that lets you know whether you 're hungry or not, 
  the first time evolution was proposed , creationists used dinosaurs as evidence against it . 
  i do n't know how exactly it worked , but it 's called the theory of many creations . 
  i 'd believe that most creationists do n't dispute dinosaurs . 
  they * mean * something . 
  they 're sort of beautiful in their own way . 
  like looking at a holy site , where many people before you have come to pay their respects . 
  the actual trash , though , that has to go . 
  impossible to riffle shuffle , sadly . 
  i think it goes something like this, 
  the main demographic of rap is black people ( given ), 
  the city is full of rap ( implied by news article ), 
  conclusion : black people live in the city ( considered not a good place to live ), 
  proposition 3 is sort of racist . 
  not just any oneshot , but a * head * shot !, 
  i think that 's sliiiightly too elitist, 
  i finally know what a crumpet is . 
  probably three different pictures :, 
  - the woman, 
  - the apple, 
  - the hands, 
  or in my case , now i have the authority to tell the person how fucking awful their programming ability is .
