  it 's weird , if i concentrate on my tonsils really hard i can smell the inside of the simulation . 
  or something . 
  the ones that do n't hold a favorable view see the us as a self-interested backstabber . 
  this is why they favor a transition to china as an ally . 
  i 've always found it dumb that the online gallifreyan `` translator '' is just a cipher . 
  have some creativity , people . 
  cllllll, 
  depends on how large of a scale , and where . 
  i definitely believe in large scale voter fraud [ in russia , ] ( http://cdn.phys.org/newman/gfx/news/hires/2012/86tr8ug.jpg ) for example . 
  this is a really bad card . 
  compare explosive trap that costs 1 less and activates much more reliably . 
  auto-include 2-of in control hunter as a low-cost flexible removal , good job . 
  balanced compared to execute at two mana and deadly shot at three mana . 
  edit : this might single-handedly be able to make control hunter ladder-viable , and fits the style of the hunter class . 
  i like this card very much . 
  ( part of control hunter 's problem is an inability to remove 4-health minions efficiently , similar to priest 's inability to remove 4-attack minions at all . 
  this is a cool way of fixing that . ), 
  specifically those two , since this secret will otherwise almost never trigger, 
  - bbc is good for things not involving the uk, 
  - reuters is pretty good in general, 
  - al jazeera is good for things not involving the arabian peninsula, 
  - die welt is pretty good for things not involving germany or the eu ( but is in german ), 
  reporters go abroad ; al jazeera and the beeb are known for this . 
  it 's more that the people who run the news site do n't have a stake in things when the news does n't relate to their country . 
  edit : also , nowadays with social media , it 's possible to gather some info without even leaving your house . 
  in the beeb 's [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-37682947 ) examining trump 's voter fraud allegations , for example , one section cites 23 angry tweets by a philadelphia inspections officer . 
  it 's not wise to stand in front of a running engine either way, 
  to take over the world * and turn it into wow . 
  not really , '' \u03c0\u03bf\u03bb\u03bb\u03bf\u03af '' means `` many '' . 
  it is not cyrillic , because cyrillic does not have lambda or epsilon . 
  also , that first letter [ does not look like ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/24/08/9d/24089d4e39ce8781e95bbad4d5c6b5e6.jpg ) a cursive gamma ; it looks like a tau . 
  it was in my latin class . 
  it was n't too fun , because we had to translate basically * every * catullus poem . 
  i know more about catullus 's opinions on women more than anyone else 's . 
   and flames from beyond could see play in control shaman . 
  getting a fourth/fifth hex or another healing wave or ancestral spirit is preeeeeeeeeeetty good . 
  hard removals are costed 4-6 mana , and shaman has some of the lowest-costing spells in the game ( possibly having * the * lowest average spell cost ) . 
  i 'd say it 's costed just right . 
  wrath of the winds functions like rockbiter when you play al-akir . 
  good old face shaman . 
  would see play in any deck that runs a win condition spell . 
  anyfin can happen and call of the wild are the main candidates here . 
  shuffle x into a deck is worth almost nothing , especially when x is a low-cost card that 's probably a dead draw by the time you draw it , * especially * when your class is hunter and does n't run any card draw . 
  it 's okay for it to be blatant powercreep over st , partly because it 's a class card and partly because st is underpowered . 
  but the why the chmod and so on ? 
  even in english , constructing nouns from verbs is very very common, 
  now that i think about it , the shuffle seems more like a drawback , since the animal companions are usually only good when played on-curve . 
  maybe change it to `` shuffle a call of the wild into your deck '' ? 
  fun fact : that shoe is patagonia brand . 
  patagonia no longer makes shoes . 
  what a reliable pair they were ... 
  yeah , and how many overkill cards can you run in one hunter deck ? 
  not many . 
  how do you die of hypothermia in tucson ? 
  no way , if you build a deck around it then +2 / +2 is almost overpowered . 
  just run naga sea witch and drop your 5 mana 11/11 . 
  control hunter player here : i 'd run it . 
  it eats your enemy 's removal , so that they run out of ways to deal with call of the wild . 
  also can occasionally contest board if your enemy ca n't easily deal with it . 
  this kills the control hunter, 
  opness is how it would work, 
  this is a common misconception . 
  there were plenty of microscopic organisms that could break down cellulose . 
  they just sucked at it . 
  * two * vanilla beat sticks . 
  the sea witch also has stats , and is a 5/5 . 
  10 mana for 16/16 stats distributed over two minions is right in line with what the power level of a two-card combo is supposed to be . 
  control hunter 's deck is 80 % burn , to be used for removing anything the opponent plays . 
  get rid of their ability to use their burn efficiently , and you win . 
  edit : also , this minion is effectively a 4-6-health minion for them , and hunters suck at removing 4-6-health minions . 
  there 's huffer , there 's explosive shot ( which is at most a 1-of ) , and there 's hard removals . 
  that 's * it . 
  * this is definitely something you 'd want to kill with fire . 
  oh my god , i just realized you can see the reflection, 
  what writing system bothers to have this letter ? 
  you cheeky cunt etc etc etc, 
  eh , that 's every good post here . 
  it 's fine , we 're not picky . 
  baroque  renaissance anyway . 
  it 's a windows termrnal , but a linux command . 
  does ` cron ` run in kernel space ? 
  i just think , `` the html label wants to be international , so it 's in latin '', 
  would n't you use chdir ? 
  same thing, 
  oops , misremembered it as masculine, 
  they fixed that , i think, 
  maybe not , but it paves the way for people like trump to exploit widespread distrust in the government . 
  i do n't disagree with what wikileaks is doing , but the drawbacks are more obvious than ever . 
  it looks very much like a render . 
  is it ? 
  arranged in order of least amount of narrative elements to most :, 
  braid, 
  axiom : verge, 
  portal 2, 
  undertale, 
  we do n't actually joke about scotland , which makes me doubt the rest of this map . 
  please translate this into hungarian so i can show my father . 
  he 's interested in wireless energy and he 'll believe anything if it 's on facebook . 
  as someone who does n't know what this dish is :, 
  - green and yellow zucchini,
