  are you thinking of a thing on ground where variable numbers of spacecraft fit ? 
  because that would be great . 
  a nuclear explosion . 
  i 've designed a device that could do it , too , theoretically . 
  basically you take two subcritical masses of uranium that together would be a supercritical mass , fashion them both into hemispheres , suspend one hemisphere relatively high over the other ( e.g. 
  on rails ) , you somehow trap the kernel in between the hemispheres , and you drop the top hemisphere on the bottom one . 
  if it 's only powerful enough to create a radiation event , what you do instead is let a meteor drop on top of the device and push them together for you . 
  after you 've prototyped it , prototype yourself . 
  well ... what did you think was the difference ? 
  this took about 5 hours or so . 
  pretty terrible considering it took me 6 hours from starting up the game the first time ever to landing people on the mun . 
  `` vegeta , what does the scouter say about his bitterness ? '', 
  `` it 's ooover nine thoouusaaaaand !!! '', 
  well done !, 
  on the random physics trivia : dump the rcs fuel as soon as possible , obviously . 
  the amount of gain in delta-v you get by expending it early ( from the reduced mass ) far outweighs the amount of delta-v you get by expending it at a decreased mass . 
  note : that orbital service module thing was very brave . 
  i am still scared to do things like that . 
  my anti-satellite weaponry is the tracking station . 
  instantly zap and destroy anything anywhere . 
  huh , good call . 
  i 'll see what i can do about that . 
  for the record , i have n't landed on minmus , either !, 
  it is small and has no atmosphere . 
  then again , i have a lot of fuel . 
  thank you , that is a very good idea . 
  it 'll be hard to place them , though , because they ca n't be placed radially . 
  the converters are attached directly to the largest available kind of kethane tank , each . 
  they might look like residence pods , but they 're larger and less patterned . 
  about the side tanks : that was going to be the thing that i did next if * that * base crashed . 
  thank you for pointing out the specific parts , though . 
  i did n't know you were supposed to orbit first before escape . 
  what 's the use of that ? 
  when i saw the thumbnail i was like , `` ugh , another comic where the punchline is that usa is hypocritical . 
  we need a joke life preserve on these . '', 
  and i opened it and i found that that * was * the punchline , but it was a long , educational comic !, 
  well done , / u/dickrhino . 
  no playstyle is the right one . 
  if it 's fun the way he plays it , then it 's great . 
  the perspective on america in the last panel is kind of strange . 
  it makes me feel like the panel got cut off or something and i have to scroll or resize to see it . 
  maybe you should have included all of the shades . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i 've always had more success ditching the orbit altogether . 
  i 'll try this out next time . 
  not that there are n't college-aged girls who * can * protect themselves from rape ( in fact , they 're probably in the majority ) , but these frat guys look dangerous . 
  * i 'd * be scared of them . 
  i think the freshmen girls do need protection . 
  i would n't take it that far . 
  i think most redditors agree that giving black people legal rights that were n't par to the legal rights of whites was a bad thing . 
  i 've never heard anyone on reddit defend otherwise ( except for one or two downvoted people ) . 
  i think they 're more of the `` i do n't hate black people , i hate black culture '' type . 
  so do i land another base , or what ? 
  there were a couple , but they all got deleted swiftly . 
  wednesday is pronounced the way it 's spelled , if you understand that the voicing of `` s '' is variable . 
  because there is a good mod team . 
  i know , i saw !, 
  that was hilarious . 
  wearing crocs makes you look gay ? 
  i have bad eyesight , and for a second your comment looked like `` phd '' . 
  conclusion : the amount of people on reddit varies over the course of a day , and over the course of a year . 
  dead languages take the same amount of time to learn as live ones . 
  source : i know german and latin ( on top of hungarian and english ), 
  huh . 
  i 'll go try this out next time . 
  thank you !, 
  ( i 'm only installing far after i 've won ksp , though ), 
  i was eager to try out the drogue chutes and rockets anyway . 
  thanks !, 
  ( what am i going to do with all that fuel though ? 
  oh right , siphon it to the skipper ), 
  i attribute all of my success to discovering asparagus staging , mechjeb , and struts . 
  maybe you need more struts ? 
  or more rockets . 
  pfft , who needs boosters when you can attach mansails to orange tanks ? 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thank you . 
  that ... actually makes sense from your point of view !, 
  congratulations on good logic . 
  i wonder why i never had this view as a child ( grew up in hungary ; the amount of english any of my immediate family speaks is inversely correlated with their age ) . 
  it 'll never work , you ca n't asparagus stage boosters !, 
  ^ ^ ^ kidding, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ ^ seriously ^ ^ ^ ^ you ^ ^ ^ ^ ca n't, 
  are you saying learning a dead language is pointless ? 
  i majored in biomedical engineering !, 
  yes , but it said `` specimen '' , which is totally possible for rocks . 
  `` species '' was tongue-in-cheek . 
  but if you hold on to the rcs fuel , the same amount of thrust produces less delta-v , so your peak velocity would be lower . 
  the question is , can you make up for the difference in peak velocity by dumping your rcs fuel at that point ? 
  and i do n't think you can . 
  well , they want you to not make the same mistake that they did . 
  that 's allowed . 
  i hope . 
  i hope you 're not mistaking the physicists for being the dumb ones here . 
  it 's the journalism that 's bad . 
  billy piper ? 
   morgan freeman 's death, 
  never happening , ever . 
  hi , i can see that your comment was very well-intentioned but i think it is a little off-base . 
  this subreddit is made for telling funny stories about comic book characters inspired by irl nations .
