  also , i 'm not sure whether the term `` old gods '' makes any sense inside the homestuck canon . 
  yes . 
  well , you might eventually admit to yourself that it is n't optimal for notetaking , but i 'm not at that stage yet . 
  or i 'm just stubborn . 
  but latex is n't good if you have a very short amount if time . 
  otherwise , holy shit , it blows everything else out of the fucking park . 
  everything you 'll make will look fantastic , and they 'll be formatted exactly the way you specified them to be formatted , in fucking text . 
  i spend all my time wishing that there were such a software for creating animated presentations ( or just animations ) , because that would be radical as hell and i wo n't have to deal with shitty wysiwyg and semi-wysiwyg interfaces like powerpoint and flash . 
  ( did you know powerpoint can be used as a fairly good animation medium ? 
  it 's cumbersome , and definitely not what the software was intended for , but it actually works , for beginners . 
  i moved on to flash after a while , but shit 's complicated . ), 
  nasa pr department : okay , we need something to show the public again . 
  what are you working on right now ? 
  researcher : uh ... 
  i 'm modeling the rate of change of [ variable x ] in type [ i fucking forget spiral types ] spiral galaxies . 
  pr : you 're modeling galaxies ? 
  rs : ... yeah , i guess . 
  pr : great !, 
  can you make a short video that 'll impress the public ? 
  rs : but all i have is graphs . 
  pr : where do all those simulation videos come from , then ? 
  rs : [ y commercial software ] , but i do n't use that . 
  pr : make it happen . 
  rs : i do n't really have a choice , do i ? 
  rs : i 'll see what i can do . 
  [ 5 hours of learning and 2 hours of animation later ], 
  rs : this any good ? 
  pr : make it more swirly . 
  more dynamic !, 
  rs : okay . 
  [ 5 seconds of typing , 30 minutes of compiling ] how about now ? 
  we 're using this . 
  edit : yes , i understand that this was not actually how it happened . 
  i just thought that this could be funny . 
  you do n't have to also downvote me . 
  ron paul 2012, 
  it could also be called `` squub '' . 
  ( `` skwub '' . ), 
  but , anyway , this is a theory . 
  not fact . 
  personally , i just think that the horrorterrors have always been around . 
  before even the first sburb session . 
  before anything . 
  boring , i know . 
  i am in the progress of writing a fanfic based on it . 
  i 'm finished with chapter 1 , which is 18 pages . 
  hey fifteen people have already pointed it out , but let me say that you used literally wrong, 
  but , that 's a really cool telescope . 
  what are you going to observe with it ? 
  how far/tiny does it go ? 
  i 'm personally more impressed by the exotic patterns on the surface of jupiter ( as if you can actually see them with an optical telescope ) . 
  i mean , those are * huge * storms that are brewing there . 
  i know , i know . 
  :p fun to pretend , though . 
  in the seven thousands . 
  heart attack . 
  i 'll release the first three here once i 'm done with them . 
  i started reading problem sleuth far towards its end , when the part-pickles were colliding . 
  i do n't flip the fuck out whenever someone yells `` sepulchritude '' . 
  but i 'm a very devoted fan of homestuck . 
  my peak level of devotion was around '' [ s ] john : rise up . 
  '' , with '' [ s ] cascade . '', 
  a close second . 
  maybe he was being sarcastic ? 
  like , that 's the entire point of this subreddit ? 
  i am so with dave on this one . 
  could this be the end of rose/kanaya ? 
  well , where did she get her alcohol , then ? 
  simplest way would be to take some wood and burn it , collect the condensed vapors , and distill them into methyl alcohol . 
  i think that 's what rose might have : methyl/grain alcohol . 
  it 's certainly the easiest to prepare . 
  and it 's what 's in rubbing alcohol . 
  i fear for her health . 
  but especially her liver . 
  and blood vessels . 
  especially high-activity ones , like those near the eyes . 
  why not use off-site storage space ? 
  i 'd say it 's possible . 
  that 's okay . 
  typos all round . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.mspaforums.com/showthread.php?24618-homestuck-sheet-music&amp;p=6321754#post6321754 ) is your go-to for homestuck sheet music . 
  sadly , it only includes a piano transcription . 
  ( i ca n't access my comment for some reason , so i 'm replying from my profile instead of editing . ), 
  i see that you 've already seen the thread . 
  however , i think it 's always worthwhile to bring it up , for those who might not yet be acquainted with it . 
  fertilize the soil with their bodies !, 
  that 's true . 
  another blind seer would be funny , though . 
  what 's that ? 
  it 's not a circlejerk until someone agrees with him . 
  ( i 'm not that person . ), 
  not anymore since we stopped taking it literally . 
  i know !, 
  no , it 's `` disagreement '' , liable to be downvoted . 
  how would you incorporate the ungamelike elements ( you mentioned medical conditions and staying dry ) ? 
  / r/bestof 'd you ... hope you do n't mind !, 
  nope . 
  huh ? 
  i know how you feel . 
  this happens to me every day .
