  time travel has a lot of potential for thought experiments and tough situations , but there is n't even a wikipedia list for time travel puzzles . 
  i know of the p = np trick for stable time loops , where you can cheat reality out of a solution to an np-hard problem by just sending the solution back to yourself , and setting it up so that the only stable time loop is the correct answer . 
  it 's a bit more involved than that but you can google it if you like . 
  anyone got any other ones ? 
  this idea was brought up in the thread asking why this subreddit is turning into / r/futurewhatif . 
  lots of posts here would rather belong there , and both communities are rather small and would benefit from each other . 
  why do n't we consolidate the two ? 
  i am all for free information . 
  information empowers , and so long as everyone has it , it does n't empower anyone over anyone else . 
  i have no qualms about pirating textbooks or anything similar . 
  however , communicating information takes time and helps people , so it should be rewarded . 
  people who write textbooks should be paid . 
  how do we do this while making the product itself free ? 
  donations are hardly an option . 
  any sort of `` tax '' makes it not really free . 
  one option that i 've thought of is that no single individual should put all their time and effort into making information known , and instead everyone will be regularly required to share a bit of their knowledge ; an information tax , if you will , in the form of something similar to stack exchange but with a complex voting and verifying mechanism ( maybe this would create new jobs in the form of positions for verifying and classifying things ? ) . 
  i know that that might not fly well with those of you that abhor coercion , but it 's a way to get what we want without any significant drawbacks . 
  i 'm not really a fan of this , because what if i * want * to publish a textbook ? 
  and the world * does * need textbooks . 
  sure , you can electronically compile them from our imaginary federally-sponsored stack exchange answers , once they are sorted and classified properly , but that 's not the same as something cohesive , coherent , and consistent . 
  and in our world , we want * any * information to be free , not just the national stack exchange , so it 's not like you would be able to sell a textbook . 
  maybe if the national stack exchange was good enough , we would n't * need * textbooks ... ? 
  i do n't know . 
  what do you think ? 
  i 've become increasingly fed-up with grapher for a variety of reasons , including not being able to graph every kind of implicit equation , not being able to graph explicit vector fields , having a shitty zoom feature for 3d equations , not being able to graph 4d equations ( or , well , it can do it , but it looks horrible ; try using color and not size to denote value ) , not being able to graph 4d equations in explicit form , and handling points badly ( can you see the hole in sin ( x ) / x ? 
  neither can i ) . 
  surely there must be a better , free graphing application that i can use that is more sensible with these things . 
  edit : oh , and it does n't have a gradient or divergence operator . 
  wtf apple ? 
  signing 11,000 prints is apparently harder than hussie thought . 
  [ look at this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bkst8.png ) every time i change the slider , i get two more warnings . 
  i get it . 
  tangent is n't defined at certain points . 
  how do i make these warnings go away ? 
  [ what the fuck ? 
  edit : figured it out . 
  that 's actually a log plot you 're looking at . 
  the most pussy-ass log plot you 'll ever see . 
  how do i change the log base to something more manly ? 
  so , 0 , pi/6 , pi/4 , pi/3 , pi/2 , 2pi/3 , 3pi/4 , 5pi/6 , pi , etc. . . 
  i 'll start . 
  i know of the collection of albums that include the land of fans and music . 
  is there anything else ? 
  `` it is a curious subject of observation and inquiry , whether hatred and love be not the same thing at bottom . 
  each , in its utmost development , supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge ; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another ; each leaves the passionate lover , or the no less passionate hater , forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his object . 
  philosophically considered , therefore , the two passions seem essentially the same , except that one happens to be seen in a celestial radiance , and the other in a dusky and lurid glow . 
  in the spiritual world , the old physician and the minister -- mutual victims as they have been -- may , unawares , have found their earthly stock of hatred and antipathy transmuted into golden love . '', 
  i am looking at [ this ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16834246466 ) lenovo thinkpad . 
  my father used to have one , and it served him very well . 
  however , i am dissatisfied with its processing power . 
  funnily enough , it has 0.2 ghz more than [ this ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16834310562 ) tablet , which runs an i5 instead of an i7 ; however , the latter costs a little bit more . 
  how do i get more out of a tablet of this caliber ? 
  can i overclock it ? 
  is it a realistic endeavor to replace the processor entirely ? 
  also , can anyone a recommend a better tablet for drawing than a lenovo thinkpad ? 
  i like it for taking pictorial notes very fast while simultaneously storing them on the computer , but it 's pretty bad for drawing because it ca n't sense how hard you 're pressing ( unless technology has progressed since the early 2000 's ... ? ) . 
  is there a powerful tablet that is as good as the thinkpad that is also desirable artistically ? 
  i 'm not getting a drawing tablet ( you know , one of the ones with the gray surfaces and like 1024 degrees of pressure sensitivity ) because that would be difficult to also lug into the lecture hall and just generally carry around with me with the laptop . 
  just the laptop by itself is much easier . 
  although i * could * picture myself doing just that , going around with both of them . 
  finally , should i keep windows on it ? 
  i much prefer unix-based operating systems to anything else , but i am planning to install the following utilities on it :, 
  - adobe production suite cs6 ( holy shit this is suddenly literally over ten times cheaper ; what * happened ? 
  - mathematica , or matlab if so required, 
  - texworks ( no problem here obviously ), 
  - universe sandbox 2, 
  - maybe some games, 
  would any of these become unusable on linux ? 
  i know that us2 ( or us1 , anyway ) is only available for windows , along with a lot of other games , but could wine make up for it ? 
  should i keep windows on it ? 
  i much prefer unix-based operating systems to anything else , but i am planning to install the following utilities on it :, 
  - adobe production suite cs6 ( holy shit this is suddenly literally over ten times cheaper ; what * happened ? 
  - blender, 
  - mathematica , or matlab if so required, 
  - texworks ( no problem here obviously ), 
  - universe sandbox 2, 
  - maybe some games, 
  would any of these become unusable on linux ? 
  i know that us2 ( or us1 , anyway ) is only available for windows , along with a lot of other games , but could wine make up for it ? 
  i do n't want to compromise in anything . 
  i need all of these for different things ; even minecraft is something that i use for things like easy 3d modeling and collaborative design . 
  i know minecraft is completely usable on linux , but what about for-fun games like starcraft or mirror 's edge ? 
  does matlab work with wine ? 
  i 'm currently eyeing a lenovo thinkpad , but it 's not final . 
  my problem with it is that , going by the one my father had almost a decade ago , it 's not good for drawing ; once , i tried to draw on the thing , and it felt really uncoordinated . 
  that 's not even the problem with that , though ; i 'm sure i could get used to drawing like that . 
  my main problem is that it ca n't sense pressure , or at least it could n't ten years ago . 
  this makes it rather unfit for drawing . 
  i 'm getting adobe production suite cs6 ( what the fuck is up with its price , anyway ? 
  that 's over ten times less than it used to be edit : oh i was looking at the upgrade price , whoops ) for it as well , so i want to be able to produce some good drawings with it . 
  i do n't expect any tablet to be like professional drawing tablets that have , like , 1024 degrees of pressure sensitivity ; but i need something that 'll be able to serve the same purpose . 
  because , well , it 's too expensive to get both . 
  hi , i 'm new to vxing , and i just got my first consumer-grade single-chamber factory-condition vx codfeox 2m-j + usb 3.0 ( i wanted to save money , but also wanted to retain flux precision in calorimetric spaces ; that 's why i went j + , but got a modular set ; i know that having multiple chambers `` adds a whole new dimension to vxing '' , but this is only my first vx , okay ? 
  i 'm just not prepared for that kind of stuff ) , along with * 413 things to try out with your brand-new vx * ( frine ) ( you know the one ) . 
  i want to recreate experiment 3 and its variants , where you hydrolyse particular compounds into their constituents . 
  i 'm very excited about it , because up until now i have only been able to do ionic compounds , electrically , and hydrolysing covalent compounds is the first thing that i can do with my vx that i could n't have otherwise . 
  so , i prepared 4 compounds for hydrolysis , 2 ionic and 2 covalent : table salt ( sodium chloride ; nacl ) , epsom salt ( magnesium sulphate ; mgso4 ) , table sugar ( sucrose ; c12h22o11 ) , and milk sugar ( lactose ; c12h22o11 ) . 
  i did n't have to do much except dehydrate the magnesium sulphate by heating it ( something i did with the vx , because i was so eager to use it ; i felt so giddy from how easily i was able to do something so simple so easily and completely ; i victoriously drank the couple drops of water generated afterwards ) . 
  in case you would like to critique my procedure , i just set the vx to 0.1 \u2206 , toggled the plasticity dampener to `` on '' , and ran the flux directed at a z of -17 cm ^ ( 3 ) / s/cm ^ 2 ( the codfeox 2 's chamber is 2 cm taller than is standard for consumer hardware ) , with x and y at 0 .
