  and you proceed to calculate your instances with this model . 
  that seems to be the case . 
  lol , once it 's usable of course i 'll release it , for all . 
  but the final goal is so damn far away , that i 'd just be happy if the worldgen itself ever sees the light of day . 
  which of course i 'll release in the form of an application , titled `` sbplot '' . 
  this belongs on meta-circlejerk ... 
  better than anyone i know . 
  spends all his free time coding . 
  this is \\* beautiful * . 
  many thanks for sharing it with us . 
  seed and location or it did n't happen . 
  no thats diamond f u you toooooool, 
  or just sign up for the sburb beta !, 
  who says you have to be thirteen for our version ? 
  fedorafreak certainly was n't , anyway . 
  who actually is she ? 
  i read on wikipedia that she 's an actress , but her cinematography is made up almost completely of ` as herself ' , so she must have already initially been famous . 
  why is she such ? 
  i did it , came out just under three hundred bucks !, 
  it 's a joke ; i think you might be overestimating it a little , but still it looks hella expensive . 
  yup , that 's the total they got above !, 
  would the hackintosh still work with all those damn parts ? 
  like you can paste a seed ... :(, 
  now i just do that with my cpu fan heatsink . 
  texture pack ? 
  my newest old computer is a ten-year-old emachine . 
  it 's just not up-to-date enough . 
  i do n't have any spare dvd drives , unfortunately . 
  i have a cd drive , but the os is on a dvd , and i do n't have and pen drives big enough to boot from , nor any sufficiently big cds . 
  definitely not the kids ' parents !, 
  this is much more impersonal than that . 
  and the school would never lend anyone any money , they 're much too stingy and impartial . 
  i 'd also like to auction the machine off after it 's built , if possible , so if the only thing preventing me is one of \\* my * parts , then i 'd rather buy a drive for eighteen bucks . 
  meh , this is just a district event . 
  not all the kids come to it , and the school is nowhere near fully-staffed . 
  it 's all community-fueled ... nothing is official ; if everyone decided not to show up , then the halls would be empty . 
  i 'd guess there 's about a couple hundred kids total , out of the 1,200 that attend the school . 
  it 's , like , any guy who lives in the school district can host a workshop . 
  it 's the `` learn from adults '' day , the one day where a portion of parents decide to practice imparting their knowledge . 
  there is no training or qualification . 
  the kids have a fun time , and the adults get a feeling of having successfully shared a bit of their life . 
  :o looks brilliant !, 
  yeah , i was definitely careful to avoid parts that looked like they should never be bought , ever . 
  this is also why i refused to pick a psu ; i heard that anything under $ 50 is liable to die , but i could n't afford $ 50 . 
  i 'll take your word on this !, 
  edit : also , heh , i almost bought that case for my recent build . 
  looks like i 'll get to see it after all !, 
  fair 's on the 28th of this month . 
  a dormouse . 
  it 's been in use for thousands of years . 
  have n't decided yet . 
  i might auction it off , depending on whether i need to borrow some parts . 
  this is a brilliant idea !, 
  i 'm going to do this . 
  how much do you think i should make one ticket ? 
  i 'll post a thread to gague interest . 
  i 'm looking at $ 16 or so a ticket now , i think . 
  that 's a huge amount !, 
  more than a quarter of the cost of the pc !, 
  i 'll gladly take it , and make sure to pay you back once i hold the raffle . 
  thank you so much for this !, 
  i promise it 's for a good cause . 
  yeah , i was hoping they 'd get to see it work . 
  : / there is a single local business , but they 're very new , and need all the money they can get ( i bought 4 gigs of ram off 'em and a sata-ide converter for a total of nearly $ 40 once , to support them ) . 
  there is no way the school would sponsor it ; they 'd prefer not to get their hands dirty , and since holding a course is optional , all labor regarding it is seen as a personal undertaking , a volutary act in which they will not have part . 
  what i was thinking was putting up a request on freecycle , and dividing the kids up into groups to work on individual machines . 
  the $ 200 one , i 'd use as an example with myself , as a sort of demonstration so that they see what they 're supposed to do . 
  it 'll end with us starting up each computer in turn , so that they see and feel the success of having actually built it . 
  the new one i need so that they learn about sata and such . 
  that is very true !, 
  i 'll contact her to see what i can do , she 's generally very receptive to that sort of stuff . 
  i think she might like the idea !, 
  heh , i always wonder what they did with all the old machines ... this school has so many , i would n't be surprised to learn if there were enough for every kid . 
  realistically , i could probably divide them into pairs ... 
  i 'll need five or six machines for that . 
  easy to get if she agrees !, 
  thanks for the idea !, 
  it would have been fun to do the cheap build though . 
  ` k , posted to that subreddit !, 
  hopefully something becomes of it . 
  do n't worry !, 
  in terms of manpower , i have more help than i 'd ever need . 
  the college sponsorship is a great idea , though ; i 'll look into it . 
  custom install lets you choose what disk/partition to save to . 
  you should be fine . 
  but do disconnect the hdd when you install on the ssd , for double precaution . 
  asrock makes some of the prettiest boards i have ever seen , especially the newer ones that stray from the blue/white color scheme . 
  i got the same feeling too , but it 's definitely normal . 
  i would n't worry about it . 
  my first experience with installing ram was into my macbook . 
  it was successful , but the metal in the left slot is still frayed . 
  :p ( first i accidentally got ddr3 ram , then i accidentally read the instructions for the wrong laptop ... hopeless . 
  turns out that her department technically does n't own the machines ; rather , the school district itself . 
  i have to ask the superintendent . 
  hell , the board of ed has to * vote * on it . 
  nope , these machines are n't going anywhere . 
  and it 's now linked to the end of act 6 intermission 2 !, 
  steps :, 
  invert capitalization . 
  add '' [ uhhh , ] ( / at ) '' before nouns redundantly at multiple points .
