  good job not editorializing the title . 
  ^ ( ( not . 
  ) ^ ) but anyway i agree with your opinion about it : i do n't think it makes sense to call a programming language feminist or not . 
  i mean , the terminology could be ; maybe if a programming had a fundamental object that was called `` man '' instead of `` person '' , or if it had an object that was subordinate to another where the subordinate object is called `` female '' and the other one `` male '' . 
  or something like that . 
  but i ca n't think of a single instance of programming languages that use that kind of terminology . 
  this post is nonsense . 
  on the other hand , i think once a lawsuit arose over the nomenclature of the concept of `` master/slave '' . 
  all the comments below you , and one comment above you . 
  this is a terrible ranking . 
  it should be like this :, 
  usa , canada , australia , korea , japan , south africa , western and central europe, 
  eastern europe except moldova , south america , russia , nigeria and similar african countries , the rest of asia except for the middle east, 
  mexico , middle east , north africa , moldova, 
  the rest of sub-saharan africa, 
  ancient greek, 
  that first sentence/paragraph ... seriously , that is completely useless . 
  the article would be much better if it just started at sentence 2 . 
  wait , why does he believe that aspirin wards off cancer ? 
  he studies/d dna , he * must * have a good grasp on what factors affect it . 
  my hero 's always been crick . 
  anyone care to disillusion me ? 
  oh man , i remember carefully matching out mario 64 's castle and `` worlds '' on paper . 
  i think it was one of my first experiences with drawing . 
  this is very pedantic . 
  there 's three bases , that both constitute a codon and a tf binding site . 
  if it were not being used as a codon ( e.g. 
  it were just part of a promoter , or it just coded for functional rna , or it were n't used for anything at all ) , then it would be a little weird to call it a codon . 
  but not only is it three bases , it also actually plays the role of a codon . 
  who cares if we call it that ? 
  as always , my heart goes out to anyone who may have been scooped . 
  [ here 's a free version . 
  ] ( http://bede.im/science-2013-stergachis-1367-72.pdf ) credit to / u/gatekeepr . 
  so just visualize grant ? 
  fine , the puppeteer then, 
  nonono that was before disney bought pixar . 
  and good times they were !, 
  whoa , high-tourism areas sell wacky things to tourists ? 
  moved from new jersey to berkeley , can confirm the two coasts look roughly the same . 
  imo it was unnecessary , although i 'm guilty of the same sometimes, 
  russian is a minority language in nearly all bordering countries !, 
  ( and a * majority * language in belarus . ), 
  what about russia ... ? 
   central europe, 
   somehow not including hungary, 
   including france for fuck 's sake, 
  this is ... central-western europe . 
  i really like the map , though !, 
  that 's the point , why ca n't it do regular sushi with a motor ? 
  sure , sounds interesting !, 
  you could have stylized the palestine flag so it looks more like a flower but eh . 
  funny comic !, 
  as someone who moved to us from hungary , and as a scientist , i * still * like fahrenheit better than celsius . 
  why ? 
  because 0 \u00b0 f is about the coldest temperature you 're going to encounter throughout a year , and 100 \u00b0 f is about the hottest temperature you 're going to encounter throughout a year . 
  this is in a temperate climate , anyway . 
  i just moved to california , and the weather is ... different . 
  i also wish metric had feet , because far too many things are approximately 1/3 m in length not to have a unit of measurement for it . 
  however , football fields are a stupid unit of measurement and should get cut out of imperial too . 
  holy shit this image needs some scale . 
  that baby looks about the size of my pinky . 
  ( please nobody shop a banana into it ... ), 
  texas needs its own temperature scale : 120 \u00b0 f should be 10 \u00b0 , and 32 \u00b0 f should be negative a billion degrees . 
  i 'd prefer a universalized scale : either 0 is at 0 and 1000 is at the boiling temperature of water , or 0 is at 0 and 1000 is at the freezing temperature of water . 
  i like the former better , partly because as a biologist the boiling point of water has more significance to me , and because i 'd rather say a three-digit number than 1000 and a three-digit number after it . 
  for me , it 's usually my nuke . 
  probably used kos or something . 
  why would you want to launch off of the legs ? 
  to test whether they hold up ? 
  would n't launching it and then doing a powered landing burn up a significant amount of fuel though , making it less of an accurate assessment ? 
  or do you use the debug menu ? 
  i understand about the floor space . 
  for me , they usually get in the way of small wings at the bases of tanks ( although i 'm not sure i 'd need those ) . 
  usually i test my landers separately from the whole craft , so burning fuel really concerns me . 
  what i 'll do instead is put it way high in the vab , affix it there with clamps , and just drop it . 
  also have you ever tried keeping your eyes closed for extended amounts of time without something covering them ? 
  i ca n't do it , my eyelids immediately start fluttering . 
  matt smith in particular, 
  maybe spell his name in ascii . 
  actually , that might not be too much of an additional challenge even . 
  and the chessboard is very well-suited for 8-bit-wide things . 
  although he 's cursed with an unfortunately dense pattern :, 
  spelling `` tony '' ; with lowercase it 's even worse . 
  with `` stark '' it 's not much better :, 
  `` iron man '' is impossible :, 
  ksp has no nuclear missiles . 
  although the non-idiot one is clearly terrible at teaching . 
  wow , that drive does n't look damaged at * all * . 
  do they specifically proof them against fire , or something ? 
  why would it have probably supported life in the past ? 
  even discounting the radiation , there 's still hardly any nitrogen , and it 's fucking cold ( although the warmest temperatures are good enough for earth 's extremophiles ) . 
  good luck getting enough organic compounds in one place for life to become a thing . 
  life is very not probable anywhere in the solar system . 
  the body in the solar system that i 'd rate the highest for probability of having life ( apart from earth ) is titan . 
  it has a very large variety of exotic compounds , and it has oceans for the compounds to mix in , and it does n't have to worry about radiation . 
  the only two problems are that it 's really , really fucking cold , despite the greenhouse effect , and that its oceans are methane , which has a very low dielectric constant compared to water , meaning it does n't dampen charges very well at all , meaning molecular machines in the style of proteins or ribozymes are much less structurally stable in it . 
  we 'd have a great shot at colonizing titan , though , at any rate . 
  he second most probable i 'd rate is europa , which has probably has water and heat ( due to tidal forces ) and lack of radiation but might lack the necessary components and/or sources of energy for complex chemical reactions to occur . 
  i 'm not sure ; i do n't know what compounds are in europa 's theoretical subsurface ocean besides water ( and i do n't think we do anyway ) . 
  the third most probable i 'd rate is mars ( in the past anyway ) because it presumably had oceans for compounds to mix in , and is presumably warm .
