  i knew that a carbon only makes four bonds before i even ever took a single chemistry class . 
  this is really not excusable . 
  thank you !, 
  damn , that 's smart !, 
  i did n't realize that a building could be funded by more than one billionaire . 
  iq is a relative measure . 
  try as hard as you like , you ca n't make everybody 's iq grow continuously by a measure relative to their average iq . 
  were those * really * the best wishes jasmine could have come up with ? 
  she could have become a god , and fixed everything herself . 
  what about the tardis ? 
  it would be kind of cool if russia was a ( dwarf ) planet . 
  no that 's okay , nobody really cares . 
  about # 2 : jasmine could have also wished for the knowledge of what to do with her omnipotence to achieve whatever she wanted , in conjunction with the omnipotence itself . 
  i mean , it should be spherical . 
  as i said elsewhere , she could also have wished for the intellectual capability to be properly benevolent with her omnipotence , aside from omnipotence . 
  something like this :, 
  i wish that if i ever wished to be a genie , i 'd immediately become free . 
  i wish i were a genie . 
  i wish i knew how to use my genie powers to create a ( e ) utopia . 
  you should n't * care * about whether facebook matters to someone . 
  it 's not your problem . 
  if liking someone 's status will make them happy , like it . 
  they do n't deserve not to be happy only because facebook makes them happy . 
  i have always been a fan of the 3d collect-a-thon genre , because it makes gameplay simple but immersive while giving the developer the opportunity to make it varied . 
  the only positive attribute that makes collect-a-thon different from platformer ( and metroidvania , but that 's irrelevant ) is that you revisit areas , to get more out of their atmosphere . 
  ( that , and i have a lot of nostalgia for it . ), 
  if sm3dw includes this additional attribute to a satisfactory degree , i will have nothing to complain about . 
  i feel that 3d games are more amenable to exploration and replayable areas , because they have an additional axis on which the player travels . 
  they are , in a very mathematical sense , inherently non-linear . 
  i am therefore more hopeful for this game , as it is 3d . 
  well , if it becomes a problem , just tell them that it 's getting annoying . 
  do n't be all `` now that you say so , * no * '' out of the box , is all . 
  i do n't use facebook much , so i may be wrong about this , but does n't liking a post increase its visibility on the news feed ? 
  if so , could n't it have been a ploy to make other people see their status ? 
  i would n't mind giving anyone exposure . 
  if not , then it still seems mean to not like someone 's status if they ask , if the only difference that it makes is that it makes them happier . 
  it 's not like it inconveniences you . 
  all you would be doing is make someone happier . 
  are you going to argue that it makes them happier in the long run because it grows them as a person faster ? 
  you might have something there , but i personally doubt that rejecting their request would do anything besides make them dislike you . 
  unless , of course , you initially wanted to draw a squid , and realized that the joke only works for animals with shells . 
  ... of course it is ? 
  hey , i remember that !, 
  it resulted in the birth of / r/circlebroke . 
  it ... it actually looks kind of fun ... although sort of a waste of time . 
  they mean / r/all . 
  you mean , ` guten tag `, 
  needs a gold star somewhere . 
  am i crazy , or is it at a bit of an angle ? 
  more to the point , minkowski spacetime prohibits anything from traveling faster than the speed of light , including vibrations ( which carry information ) . 
  vibrations that start behind the event horizon would need to travel faster than light to escape , which is impossible . 
  these vibrations would therefore need to start outside of the event horizon . 
  which , if you read the article , they do . 
  the weakest minds go on reddit to read quotes . 
  edit : geez , we ca n't even poke fun at ourselves anymore ? 
  sorry , but `` fourty '' is not the right spelling of 40 . 
  it is in fact `` forty '' . 
  the real unexpected thing is that there is a door in the side of the turbine , for people . 
  ^ ( disclaimer : i 'm not an airplane mechanic ), 
  huh ? 
  it was a self-deprecating comment ... 
  edit : actually , how did this level of mutual distrust arise in the reddit community , anyway ? 
  i 'm sure it 's quite a story . 
  communist ukraine ? 
  sorry , but nobody has screens this small anymore . 
  would make a nice wallpaper on my ibook g3 , though !, 
   kind of like i/me/my, 
  exactly like i/me/my . 
  those are cases . 
  english has three cases for pronouns , two for nouns . 
  that 's pretty much my hypothesis as well . 
  however , i ca n't help but wonder how many assholes our mutual distrust generates , vicious cycle et cetera . 
  i wonder if , for example , srs would still be there if everybody on reddit suddenly acquired genuine friendliness towards one another . 
  they might still see issues in reddit 's discourse , but maybe they would just ... bring them up in text , or something ? 
  i 'm convinced that the voting system plays a part , as well . 
  seeing someone 's score encourages split-second judgement , leading to a halo effect/horns effect . 
  i wonder if we could compare reddit 's inward hostility to the inward hostility of other internet sites . 
  not much . 
  i used to visit / r/circlebroke , which frequently talked about this , but it 's 95 % spite now ( and , for the most part , has always been , really ) . 
  it 's still your best shot for it , though . 
  i wish they compiled some of their base theory into a list of links : they have historically spawned insightful posts , such as [ this one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/15s60l/anatomy_of_a_circlejerk_or_a_grand_unified_theory/ ) . 
  a pseudo-compilation may be found in their top links of all time , from which i pulled the linked post . 
  in my above post , though , i was drawing specifically on [ this ] ( http://lesswrong.com/lw/lg/the_affect_heuristic/ ) article , which explains a more general principle known as the `` affect heuristic '' , the tendency of people to conflate an initial good or bad impression of something into an overall good or bad impression about it , and maintain that impression over time . 
  when the something in question is a person , this is the [ halo/horns effect ] ( http://lesswrong.com/lw/lj/the_halo_effect/ ) . 
  i suggest reading those articles in order to gain insight into this kind of behavior . 
  ahahaha the english flag for the english language ... 
  go with the american flag or the union jack ; they 're easier to recognize . 
  otherwise it 's pretty great !, 
  i 'd definitely use it . 
  i disagree with the sentiment that it does n't give a minecraft vibe . 
  the minecraft logo , the minecraft-y font , and the minecraft scenery in the background are together enough to give it a minecraft vibe . 
  it 's not , at least in the sense that it appears in any dictionary . 
  it can be theoretically formulated according to hungarian 's rules , and it means the following :, 
  `` the ability to resist being rid of the ability to resist being rid of the ability to resist being rid of the ability to resist being rid of ... a substance that stops hair from fragmenting . '', 
  you wo n't find it in a dictionary , but if you told this word to any hungarian , they 'd understand what you mean , which is enough proof of wordship in any language for me . 
  i think hungarian is hardly unique this way , though . 
  certainly it is very agglutinative , so much as to be the poster child of agglutination on wikipedia , but it 's not the only such language . 
  i 'll bet the finns have something similar . 
  ( interestingly , the limit of that word as the repetition of the posterior segment approaches infinity is undefined , as each successive addition of the posterior segment essentially negates the meaning . 
  it 's like trying to find the limit of the cosine as it goes to infinity . ),
