  ( note that this is n't the `` style over substance argument '' -- that fallacy would have only been made had i implied or stated that his actual argument was invalid/unsound . 
  but i acknowledged his argument , and recognized it as valid/sound . 
  i 'm merely saying that the style he 's saying it in makes us unable to * discuss * it . ), 
  sometimes . 
  if you actually find the content interesting , it goes by pretty quickly . 
  ( it took me four or so chapters to slow down to a heavy pace . ), 
  i was surprised to see ioawnat pop up on here . 
  it 's certainly a fascinating book , and i gave it as a gift to all of my english teachers in middle and high school , but i would n't say it has much to do with math . 
  by that measure , problem sleuth is equally qualified for mathiness . 
  the number devil , i feel , is something to give to children to read , not anyone who 's made it past elementary school . 
  it 's obviously meant to be essentially educational , and the concepts it outlines are very , very simple . 
  what should we call them , then ? 
  it describes who they are , in general , and it 's certainly a better term than `` dumbasses '' . 
  if a less insulting term existed that still conveyed their negative qualities that i was trying to point out , i 'd use it , but it 's hard to be negative without being insulting !, 
  i still treat those people with the utmost respect when i talk to them . 
  i always try to see from their viewpoint , and consider it seriously !, 
  but i still criticize . 
  i have a very large share of my own criticism , coming in 60 % from my parents , 30 % from internet strangers ( like you !, 
  ) , and 10 % from my educators . 
  i try to listen to it !, 
  i do n't see why * i * should n't be able to criticize . 
  most of my character development comes from criticism of me !, 
  ( the rest comes from things like bible verses . ), 
  i feel obligated to return the favor . 
  ( what i * should * work on is actually saying these things to their faces , rather than somewhere where they 'll never find them like / r/circlebroke . 
  but i do n't want to come off as rude ... also , i 'm sort of afraid of downvotes . 
  :( it 's not a good feeling , not being accepted or liked . ), 
  ( i should also probably talk less about myself . ), 
  and use less parentheses . 
  while i find this feature of english very useful , my usage of them borders on abusive . 
  that was pretty mean of you to say . 
  although i 'm not condoning his argument , either ; was it you who posted that long spiel that was a refutation of it ? 
  ( i 'm on an iphone ; i ca n't just look at the sidebar and write a post at the same time . ), 
  but sometimes you can make a good point about the voting that makes voters rethink it . 
  for example , if i make very long , well-thought-out post that promotes discussion , but get downvoted because the voters disagree with me , then are n't i justified in adding a small reminder about reddiquette as protest ? 
  do n't tell me that i should `` fix '' my post . 
  the only way to do that would be to change the opinion it reflects , and then it defeats the purpose and i may as well delete the post altogether . 
  a save : please provide one asap . 
  spread the multiracial love ... 
  the reason i visit circlebroke is not to take a look at redditors and point and laugh , but to find rebuttals to opinions that would generally go unchecked on reddit . 
  people who disagree tend to post high-quality criticisms there , as opposed to as actual replies to the posts they criticize , and so i follow the criticism . 
  i do n't want to miss a chance to see the other side of an issue ; i can be so oblivious sometimes , if it is n't pointed out !, 
  you 're right that i probably should n't comment , though . 
  and i * have * succeeded in doing that less and less over time . 
  do n't worry ; difficult saves are literally my manna . 
  thank you !, 
  where is it from ? 
   why ca n't i, 
   hold all these image macros ? 
  the most comprehensible mituna-text i 've seen to date is [ this comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/10h9dk/more_smooth_operator_mitunas_d/c6dn7jw ) . 
  i did n't know this reference , either !, 
  where ? 
  for a moment , before i opened up the picture , i was sure that it was going to be some order or other from the mayor . 
  it 's different for everyone , too . 
  while assigning jobs was the first and most obvious thing to me when i started playing , it took me literally years to figure out how to have a military . 
  ca n't you stick a new sim card in it ? 
  huh , i think i remember reading that somewhere . 
  smooth operator mituna , bad joke aradia , that one with meulin . 
  * then * we 'd have a problem . 
  and by problem , i mean dramatic tension . 
  how do you expect me to mention downvotes without mentioning downvotes ? 
  imaginary internet points are what is being discussed . 
  the problem is n't that they disagree with me ; they 're free to do that all they want . 
  i welcome it . 
  but then they downvote my post just because that , which discourages discussion . 
  that 's what i want to remind them about , so why ca n't i say it ? 
  no , he was just talking about how you said that the bible does n't specify any thoughtcrime sins . 
  srd needs to make a thread about this . 
  not because it 's drama , but just so we can continue to be even more meta . 
  it becomes a slap-fight at that point , though . 
  eridan 's around somewhere !, 
  i think 2 is the one character he never uses . 
  he uses 6 's and 9 's occasionally and interchangeably for g , but his s 's are always 5 's . 
  it 's a lot like an opposite of sollux 's quirk . 
  she 's like nepeta ii . 
  well , they do definitely have college educations , which you should n't discount at any cost . 
  lots of them probably also go to grad school . 
  of course . 
  agree to disagree . 
  ( that smiley actually helped engineer my concession . 
  congratulations , you 're a psychologist ! ), 
  you die and get superpowers . 
  it 's after a long quest , and hard to get . 
  individual cases are n't overpowered , besides jade ( and lord english , but we 're not sure whether he 's godtier or not ) :, 
  - john can put lots and lots of energy into air . 
  - rose can predict some things . 
  - dave can travel through time . 
  - vriska can steal some luck . 
  - terezi ( although not god tier ) can see the consequences of her actions . 
  ( she did n't exactly freeze time for jack , since he was still conscious . ), 
  - aranea can cure blindness . 
  - feferi can resurrect people . 
  - gamzee ( if he is really godtier ) can so far do fuckall . 
  jade and le really are op , though . 
  jade has around [ 4,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 ] ( http://wolfr.am/vklxv4 ) exajoules ( 1 exajoule equaling 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 joules or newton-metres ) at her disposal , which she can use for absurd things like instantaneous translocation ( implying that her * power * , or how much of it she can utilize in a second , is infinite ) and accelerating things to relativistic speeds . 
  if she inherited bec 's powers , she can also generate gigantic amounts of electromagnetic radiation , and can probably ( or even just by extension , since they 're [ actually the same thing ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_unified_theory ) ) mess with the strong/nuclear/color force . 
  if she used her imagination , she might discover that she can utilize them in every physical way imaginable , like heat or gravity or mass ( creating things out of thin air !, 
  fun ! ), 
  or the weak force or magnetism , or some obscure application of energy that i do n't know about . 
  she can scale things down both in volume and in mass , although maybe the density has to remain constant .
