  oh jesus this was shitposted to pikabu.ru ( russia 's clone of reddit ) several months ago , it haunts me, 
  not on your * tongue . 
  * that 's not your `` outer layer '' . 
  it 's alive , make sure not to kill it, 
  what about cytu.be , or synchtu.be ? 
  it 's not only for youtube . 
  you can even stream from google drive if the file is under 1 gb , and it 's trivial to break up any tape into segments . 
  magyar needs friends, 
  it 's more like the thee-legged stool of theodicy . 
  you can have at most two of these at the same time, 
  jesus , i need to find this place and buy every single xbox controller, 
  let me guess , you work in agricultural science ? 
  i think it needs some sort of streaming front-end , like the youtube player . 
  not sure how to put one on your server . 
  there might be a limited list of sources that can be streamed . 
  if you can get it to be practical , make sure to tell me , because i 've tried to arrange movie nights with it before , but due to various issues it was a huge pain and i never tried it again, 
  what 's your username referencing then, 
  just remember the 1 gb limit , took me forever to figure that out, 
  hah , no , but people do n't just name their accounts after durum wheat for no reason ... 
  i wonder why the scandinavians have n't culture-converted the sami yet . 
  are they just that progressive ? 
  edit : just remembered , it actually takes remarkably little development to get a culture accepted , so the ai is prone to just shelling out the monarch points on them, 
  holy crap , genetics before almost everything having to do with modern genetics was invented . 
  respect . 
  but the kalevala is in karelian . 
  he may as well just read the english translation . 
  as someone from an older and more orthodox church , this post is what i imagine all the hymn books and other documents are like in america, 
  we were there first, 
  karelian may be largely mutually intelligible with finnish , but they 're two different languages for a number of reasons . 
  ( not that karelian is really one distinct , well-defined language itself ; it 's a dialect continuum of whatever 's spoken in karelia . ), 
  knowing finnish would have helped in reading the kalevala in karelian , but the language barrier would have made it very difficult for a language learner to read it . 
  i guess you probably do n't lose much on the translation . 
  edit : wait . 
  just to be clear , you might be confusing the karjalaismurre 's with the actual karelian language . 
  these are two different things . 
  the former are dialects of finnish . 
  the latter is a language . 
  have you been on this site recently ? 
  apparently it 's the muslims, 
  normans are a hell of a drug, 
  it 's not * all that * different , but there 's a variety of vocabulary differences that would be difficult for a relative beginner in finnish , not to mention a gap in grammar that might be insignificant or completely insurmountable depending on what and how much grammar he 's studied . 
  but you 're right , it depends on what kind of karelian it is . 
  the real question is what languages and dialects the kalevala was available to him in . 
  if he only had a finnish version available , what language to read it in would be a moot point . 
  but if he has finnish , karelian , and english available to him , then if he 's not going with the karelian for the additional insight from the original format ( and he 's almost certainly not , considering how difficult karelian would be to read for a finnish learner ) , then he may as well read the english . 
  he 's not gaining too much by reading the finnish . 
  that said , finnish is a fun language to learn , although i may be biased as one who studies uralic languages . 
  i 'm sure his own interest in linguistics played a large part in learning finnish . 
  he probably did n't mind it . 
  although you can tell this one is n't multiplayer because it 's turned up to speed 5, 
  `` this hoe '' is a fairly neutral term , like `` this guy '' . 
  it 's undergone a lot of semantic bleaching by this point . 
  the point of it is how casual it is , not how insulting, 
  oh my god , this is like god-tier nettle . 
  i 'll stay far away from it, 
  this is probably the most entertaining response in the thread, 
  is this a british unit or an american unit ? 
  the british units produce an exponential curve with those settings, 
  edit : no , wait , maybe it 's just sample bias . 
  the middle chroneme could easily shift to the left side on a reanalysis , making the distribution symmetric . 
  funny how it accidentally lines up though, 
  i mean that 's different , it 's a loan from aae where it 's a completely neutral term of address . 
  the problem is using `` nigger '' in an obviously derogatory way . 
  also , the problem is being racist . 
  yeah , what the fuck ? 
  fanwanks belong in the joke scp directory, 
  probably literally . 
  your stomach lining cells , for example , have lifespans of less than a week . 
  sounds like a comedy . 
  watch the wacky gangster deal with impressionable small children !, 
  no it 's a polynomial , he just fucked the formatting up because reddit markdown is kinda unintuitive . 
  he meant to write 6x ^ ( 2 ) +5 x. 
  all intents and purposes ? 
  well , where do you think the king milk came from ? 
  hey , that 's actually a pretty cool idea . 
  also najd is still alive somehow, 
  there 's no guarantee that the languages would loan anything but broadly similar vocabulary as they otherwise loaned . 
  perhaps we do n't get a `` kumusta '' - type word at all , rather just loan a calque ( `` gaano pumupunta yan ? '' ), 
  or just stick with a native phrase ( `` saan ka pumupunta ? '' ) . 
  in the end the process is pretty random at the level of individual words and phrases , so you can just make up whatever you feel like . 
  [ xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/569/ ) accidentally nailed it several years ago : this is totally natural for in-depth worlds like eve 's , it 's just unfun from the perspective of a player , who is generally in it to create havoc . 
  would this erase my syslinux settings ? 
  more to the point , would this erase the linux kernels in my bootsector ? 
  thanks , i 'll guess i try the arch install iso . 
  i 've just kinda been looking at it as the nuclear option , because options for what to install it on are pretty limited . 
  well , but conceptually what i 've done so far * is * reinstall the bootloader . 
  i dd 'd the bootloader straight to the mbr , it just did n't take for some reason . 
  if i use the install disk , then i 'll use the syslinux bootstrapper , which probably does things other than just install the bootloader . 
   `` all the biochemists whom i talked to told me that there is no way one of these enzymes can inhibit the other . 
  there is simply no known biochemical mechanism through which this could happen , '' he says . 
  it 's pretty weird , but sure there 's ways to do it . 
  one-time switches are harder than the usual continuous ways of inhibiting transcription , but there 's several ways this could happen . 
  the most likely mechanism is some sort of damaging of the dna , perhaps by changing pretty much any codon in the gene ( changing a codon or two in the promoter stops transcription , changing anything after it causes the protein to misfold ) . 
  but there 's also plenty of room for esoteric stuff , including deliberately kicking off some sort of continuous inhibition mechanism . 
  edit : i guess the point is , how is chitinase specifically doing it , when it 's supposed to digest carbohydrates ? 
  the answer is probably that it moonlights and modifies some random signaling molecule, 
  i do n't think eu4 is based on this . 
  it looks like in this world , the course of events was frequently driven by things other than the conquering of land . 
  hmm , very few of those maps include the philippines either , and none of them have palawan . 
  edit : actually , a couple have palawan .
