  then during and after his third series , people started to hate him again because they felt like his popularity was unjustified ( e.g. 
  due to his romantic appeal ) . 
  that 's where people still stand on tennant . 
  with capaldi , reactions have been generally positive throughout his whole career as the doctor , but it has been at the expense of smith 's image . 
  ( there was recently a thread on / r/gallifrey titled , `` anybody think capaldi had better chemistry with both coleman and kingston than smith ? '' ), 
  i live in hungary intermittently , but i cook for myself . 
  i learn recipes from family and friends . 
  i wonder if that talk is going to become obsolete in the next several years , due to self-driving cars . 
  oh it 's such bullshit to equate the windows driver/hardware situation to the linux one . 
  i own a thinkpad t430s . 
  here is my experience with arch and windows 10 :, 
  arch :, 
  - wifi works out of the box thankfully , so i install the rest of the drivers using ` pacman ` . 
  i restart once or twice and everything appears to work . 
  - a month passes . 
  pulseaudio breaks for no apparent reason . 
  i fiddle around with pulse to try to fix it , but i end up just switching to pure alsa ( after a brief period of using oss ) . 
  - i try to connect my computer to an external screen . 
  but since there are two graphics cards and i 'm using nvidia optimus , it 's next to impossible . 
  i post on an arch forum and they tell me to fuck off and read the wiki . 
  eventually i manage a half-solution , but the next time i want to connect my computer to an external screen , seven months later , i ca n't reproduce the solution for some reason . 
  it remains broken to this day . 
  - i update the computer . 
  my video drivers break for no apparent reason . 
  cue screwing around with ` xorg.conf ` and ` pacman ` . 
  eventually i fix it . 
  - i never manage to figure out how to print anything . 
  windows :, 
  - wifi does n't work out of the box . 
  i transfer a driver to the install via usb . 
  i install it . 
  i go to the lenovo website , and download ~ ~ all the other drivers ~ ~ an automatic updater that downloads all the other drivers for me . 
  everything works smoothly afterwards , although not being able to change the scroll speed is annoying . 
  - i never manage to figure out how to print anything . 
  you might be tempted to say that i had all those problems with arch because it 's arch and not a wholesome works-out-of-the-box distro like ubuntu . 
  but i 've had the exact same series of problems with linux mint , which is supposed to be like ubuntu in that respect . 
  in fact , video broke more often in mint than in arch . 
  and this is n't even counting the many minor problems i have n't bothered debugging . 
  i 've learned to blame random problems on shitty drivers . 
  the galaxy is probably * really * well-connected , though . 
  well , unidiomatic translations are bad , but that 's the only problem with this translation . 
  and so was * titanic * . 
  some say that cameron was trying to replicate the conditions for * titanic * 's commercial success when he was making * avatar . 
  honestly i do n't see the logic of summer releases making more money . 
  there is less competition in the winter , both in terms of less movies and less alternative activities . 
  it 's a continuum . 
  people who are geographically close to each other look similar . 
  people who are geographically far away from each other look less similar . 
  edit : that said , some countries are really fucking heterogeneous . 
  i 'd never be able to definitively identify someone as e.g. 
  filipino , because they have a huge range of skin tones and face shapes . 
  same for malaysians and indonesians ( although they tend to be lighter-skinned than filipinos , despite paradoxically more southern ) . 
  it does n't help that malaysian malay and indonesian malay are phonologically practically identical , so you ca n't tell them apart easily by accent . 
  you have to listen for british expressions characteristic of malaysian english ; if they 're present , they 're malaysian , otherwise , they 're indonesian . 
  ( and do n't even get me started on indonesian minorities , like the javanese or the balinese or all the random people from borneo and sumatra ... ), 
  but the balinese are n't a subset of the javanese , are they ? 
  since bali is n't a part of java ? 
  ( although stranger ethnic identities have happened ... ), 
  but people do n't drink the actual supersaturated solution , it 's just a step in the process of making it . 
  singlish has obvious hokkien influences though . 
  but yeah , especially since singapore shares a bunch of history with malaysia that indonesia does n't , including british rule . 
  for me , differentiating between malaysians and singaporeans is a futile effort, 
  yeah , yeah , you care about something and suddenly you 're pretentious ... get over yourself . 
  when malaysians and indonesians speak english ? 
  what are the signs ? 
  ( if it 's their malay dialects you 're talking about , then , duh , they 're different dialects ), 
  interesting . 
  i do n't know much about the phonological differences between indon malay and malay malay other than that wikipedia does n't bother to write out separate phonologies for them . 
  thanks , i work in the sf bay area , which is almost se asia , zing !, 
  but most of my se asian friends are from new jersey , which has a respectable se asian population . 
  i 've probably met the most se asians through the tagalog courses i 've taken ( which do occasionally include malays and others , who i was always paired with for pair exercises on account of us being the only non-filipinos ) . 
  i wonder what the actual sugar content of southern sweet tea is . 
  probably varies quite a bit . 
  in my current multiplayer game , they got a pu over austria within the first 10 years . 
  they had to fight a succession war against hungary for it , who actually thought it was a good idea to contest the succession . 
  ( the players had nothing to do with this ; we 're granada and the ottomans ), 
  tbf after the turks took constantinople , they killed all the greeks there immediately . 
  no point in returning it to them after that . 
  ( israel was a plausible mistake ), 
  by its nature you wo n't use it often , but it 's not like it 's useless . 
  in hungarian , our commonly-cited longest word is `` megszents\u00e9gtelen\u00edthetetlens\u00e9gesked\u00e9seitek\u00e9rt '' , which basically means `` for your inability to be blessed '' . 
  this word clearly has a context in which you could use it . 
  i like the hilarious amount of misinformation on wikipedia 's `` longest words '' page . 
  they have a table at the top which lists languages from longest longest word to shortest longest word , by * amount of letters * . 
  sanskrit is at the top , with simply `` infinity '' . 
  a bunch of agglutinative languages , including hungarian , are listed as having a certain length * slash infinity * , and are listed some ways below sanskrit . 
  the `` slash infinity '' qualifiers are a relatively recent addition ; a couple years ago sanskrit was the only language in existence with the ability to form infinitely long words . 
  edit : turns out it 's sanskrit , not tamil . 
  and it does have a number now ... 431 . 
  in second place is polish , with 176 ... and in third place is greek , with that hilariously long word from that one play , that 's 173 letters long . 
  clearly , sanskrit is a king among languages . 
  ( at the very bottom of the table are languages with simply `` infinity '' but fuck 'em . ), 
  then he should n't have taken anakin 's eyebrows off in rotj !, 
  i 'm not in sf a lot ; it 's expensive . 
  i live and work in berkeley . 
  at least here , it 's easy to get to know locals ; it 's a pretty friendly and unique city . 
  if you 're just visiting , a week is just about barely enough to get to know the place , depending on how active you are . 
  i dunno about sf though . 
  i 've been sporadically visiting it for three years now , and it 's still just this big city that i go to occasionally . 
  i think it 's one of those places you do n't get a feel for until you 've been * living * in it for a bit , like nyc .
