  but it 's vaguely related , which is good enough for a joke . 
  it was so hard for me to read that . 
  first i tried to parse it as a google logo . 
  no , i totally understand . 
  i 'm happy you were able to raise awareness . 
  is there a subreddit for them ? 
  my mother 's side of the family , full of pilots , thinks i 'm crazy when i say that i never , ever want to be a pilot . 
  oh my god , so that 's why they call it `` ringworm '' . 
  hungarian here , ours are not any big deals . 
  they 're all in ruins , tourist attractions , or , most commonly , both . 
  horizontally-opening freight elevators happen , and the carpet might be on the other side . 
  although i ca n't see how a wooden floor is good for a freight elevator . 
  i 'm a biomedical engineer !, 
  i 'm not in the business of prosthetic joints or anything similar , so unfortunately i do n't have anything insightful to say about them , but these look freakin ' * awesome * . 
  did you know that that metal is held there with [ * glue * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polymethylmethacrylate ) , instead of screws ? 
  i did n't find that out until undergrad !, 
  but it 's not much longer that we 'll be using glue . 
  now we 're looking into making the bone bind directly to the titanium . 
  we can do that by making a titanium mesh and let the bone grow into it !, 
  eventually . 
  growing up i never had a graphing calculator , only computers ( which are better to program anyway ) . 
  when i finally needed to buy a graphing calculator for a class , i got a ti-89 because i figured i should buy the newest one . 
  one day , i forgot to bring my ti-89 with me to class , and there was a test . 
  i made it through about 70 % of the test fine , but then there was a problem that involved the use of a graphing calculator . 
  i borrowed the teacher 's ti-84 , and i could n't figure out how to use it !, 
  it was much less user-friendly than the ti-89 . 
  so , i did everything manually on it , e.g. 
  newton 's method for a puny intercept . 
  it was a lot of work that did n't pay off , because i ran out of time for the rest of the test . 
  the lesson : if you are using a less popular version of something , always learn how to use the more popular version too . 
  meanwhile , concerta and ritalin are methylphenidate . 
  the egg one is the best , i think . 
  construct, 
  they changed it so the amber stop codon stood for a synthetic amino acid . 
  we have n't even found any bacteria that use that amino acid ( and finding new amino acids is already rare ; we 've only found 2 new ones altogether ) , much less any sequences that code for it . 
  and these sequences are n't even ones that arose due to evolution , they 're existing proteins with that amino acid and a few others added on to the end . 
  you will not find these sequences in nature . 
  edit : you will not find these * amino acid * sequences in nature , sorry . 
  ah , thank you , i never bothered to check . 
  50 shades ' a no, 
   tv shows , movies, 
  is that supposed to be code for porn ? 
  that one was n't pixar , actually . 
  believe it or not , sony pictures animation . 
  i know , i 'm as surprised as you !, 
  wait , are you saying that there 's maybe some alien planet with life like ours that uses this amino acid to make proteins ? 
  or are you saying there 's life on earth that might use this amino acid ? 
  you have to understand , the materials to make this amino acid do n't exist on earth except in labs , and neither do the materials to make those materials . 
  on earth , at least , you are not going to find this used whatsoever . 
  even if it were , the amino acid sequences that use them were created by changing the meaning of a stop codon in a regular sequence , so the protein ran long , which is not what evolution does at all . 
  that is different than how evolution produces proteins . 
  it 's , like , if you combine a bunch of letters together in a certain way , you get english , right ? 
  you can say that those sentences were produced according to the laws of english . 
  but if you add a bunch of random letters onto the end of each sentence , you get sentences that english ca n't produce . 
  you 'd get much better sentences if you took off those extra letters , right ? 
  the same deal is at work here : even if you had a bacterium that utilized that amino acid naturally , evolution would never get to the point at which any of those sequences exist perpetually , because it could come up with a better one easily , without the extra stuff . 
  ^ ( ( if you visit the whole universe , you might eventually find bacteria that are just like ours but use that amino acid . 
  good luck to the human race to find that planet , though , in time . 
  when he says `` roll in '' , what he really means is `` stuff the prostate with '' . 
  but ... it 's covered in solar panels !, 
  :o is the wattage not enough ? 
  would one blue parachute be enough , though ? 
  i 'm picturing radial parachutes all around the edges , on top of those cannisters ( whatever they are ) . 
  [ tfw casual racism ] ( #green - text ), 
  and poland , poland is very significant too ... 
  use linux !, 
  you 'll get x64 ksp as a complementary benefit . 
  hey , i was entirely joking . 
  ( i 've never heard `` pleb '' used in an unironic context , so i thought it 'd be appropriate . ), 
  of course there 's good reasons not to use linux : lack of compatibility , and the learning curve are its two main drawbacks . 
  also mine at least is buggy , due to lack of dedication on my part . 
  where did you find the `` general linux community feeling of ` if you do n't use linux then you 're inferior ' '' ? 
  i 've gotten chilly reception in a couple forums , telling me to `` go back to [ os or distro perceived as inferior ] '' , but they were mostly related to asking how to solve a problem before doing everything i possibly could to solve it . 
  i 've often grown to dislike things with poor communities , but then i realized i was being fucking stupid . 
  using linux , i rarely interact with anyone else who does , so the community is irrelevant to me . 
  same with my things like xkcd . 
  hungarian who moved to the us here , i prefer the large amount of minorities in the us to the monochromatic character of hungary . 
  it makes for more fun politics and more level-headed people . 
  hah , no offense taken about the comment !, 
  i assumed you were being equally not serious as me . 
  yeah , i do n't understand the weird stackoverflow-type attitude to computer problems on linux help forums . 
  yes , i could have theoretically solved it myself , but it would have taken days !, 
  i mean i guess nobody signs up for linux to be an it person , but then just do n't comment if you do n't want to help , right ? 
  physics is the thing we are best at . 
  we have n't hit rock bottom yet ( there 's still a lot of particle physics to be done , plus we have to find an explanation for qm ) , but we 're certainly scraping the bottom of the peanut butter jar . 
  of course , that 's what they thought in the late 1800s ( `` all the greatest discoveries in physics in the future will be in the 6th digit '' or something to that effect ) , but we 've really got it pretty much down now , except for susy , as far as we can see . 
  no new major phenomena or anything . 
  all things considered , it 's probably not an ftl universe . 
  if you count the cosmic microwave background , then we can see all the way back to 300kyo . 
  considering only atomic matter , though , i think this galaxy is the oldest . 
  what 's so bad about win 8 , though ? 
  my computer came preinstalled with it , and nothing jumped out at me as immediately terrible . 
  the one ridiculous thing i saw was that for some reason you have to right click in the start menu to bring about the `` all apps '' button , but that was about it . 
  oh , that makes sense . 
  well then , cheers !, 
  visiting those other solar systems would be a hell of a lot more convenient if we had ftl , though . 
  you wrote your thesis in * word ? 
  how did you get that from what i said ? 
  literally everything in physics is `` everything '' . 
  the point is trying to find out the rules .
