  it 's the same thing except it does n't allow you to download any part of yt videos -- neither the audio nor the video , not even the subtitles . 
  that 's probably what got yt center banned in the first place . 
  that 's okay , that 's what ` youtube-dl ` is for . 
  thanks , i 'm definitely keeping this !, 
  ha , well the point of downloading was never to replace yt , just so that i could use it on all the flights i go on . 
  i 'll be using this , no question . 
  it 's not especially dumb , but i kind of hate lexical distance charts because people always misinterpret them . 
  list of minor gripes :, 
  - not enough west germanic languages . 
  you included l\u00ebtzebuergesch and frisian , great . 
  what about the weird dialect continuum running across the entirety of the germano-dutcho-sphere ? 
  where does , say , boarisch fall on this continuum ? 
  you 're clearly not an american , because you did n't include yiddish , either . 
  - in that vein , where 's tsakonian ? 
  there 's two hellenic languages in existence and you ca n't be bothered to do both ? 
  - did n't give all the codes for the uralic languages . 
  for the record , `` chm '' is mari , `` sme '' is northern sami , and `` krl '' and `` vep '' are clearly karelian and veps respectively . 
  also , why the random arrow from hungarian to chuvash ? 
  it 's not like especially many of our old turkic loans have cognates in it . 
  it got bad , so everyone fled to reddit, 
   hey thanks for the feedback . 
  oh mean-spirited rants are n't anything to thank , lol . 
  but thanks for being polite about it !, 
  i did not realize you were the author . 
   well it would be cool to be able to break up the german bubble into different macro languages and show how low german is a lot closer to dutch , but this is not my original research , i have no means to systematically determine the lexical distance between bavarian and franconian . 
  if i find literature that lists those distances , then i would put together a diagram . 
   since scots has no official status or clear boundary i did not include it . 
   i think it is save to say that 96 % of americans have no idea what yiddish is . 
  i took the 66 150 faroese speakers as a cut off line and anything bellow that was not included ( except languages that tyshschenko had already included ) . 
  yiddish is basically dead in europe, 
  no way , americans totally know what yiddish is . 
  well , maybe people in the south and midwest do n't , but in the west and northeast they do !, 
  there are many jews in america and they cluster along the two coasts . 
  also ethnologue estimated 1.5 million speakers a decade or two ago , so the `` small language '' cop-out is no excuse !, 
   again , too small, 
  but , surely you can make an exception since the hellenic family is otherwise so tiny ... 
   i would like to translate the [ last diagram ] ( https://alternativetransport.wordpress.com/2015/05/04/how-much-does-language-change-when-it-travels/ ) here which would then complete those missing languages, 
  it 's strange how it 's missing the actual distance values for them , what a shame . 
  for the record , this diagram does very well at dispelling the false impression that lexical distance = relatedness , but seen out of context people are still probably going to get dumb impressions such as `` look , hungarian is as related to finnish as it is to ukrainian ! '', 
  there is no stopping this , as far as i can tell , although if you put a big block-letter warning in the diagram outlining how lexical distance only measures the relatedness of vocabulary and how that does n't mean the languages are related and how vocabulary is only a small part of a language anyway , that might do some good . 
  that is inelegant and patronizing , though , so there 's no winning . 
  if you can ignore the fact that there 's technically a france , i can ignore the fact that there 's technically no spain !, 
  i mean look at that castile , is n't it still horrible ? 
  it is right at home , and that is exactly what i 'm planning to achieve with my shaman!perm game . 
  i think here there were finno-ugric patriots that defected to it for some reason . 
  a country of ameriboos, 
  if you really want to know , you can use [ this thing ] ( http://www.bioanalyt.com/products/icheck-fluoro-and-iex-mila ) to test for it , although there 's cheaper ways to do it that are harder to uncover , such as the old-fashioned way where you feed rats a vitamin a-deficient diet plus your potatoes and see if they develop symptoms of deficiency . 
  ( but make sure you use a control group . ), 
  `` hungarian is a language that arose near the western carpathians circa 800 ad . 
  it was constructed by speakers of slavic with the unique purpose of having no roots in common with indo-european languages , thus making it non-indo-european , as well as one of the oldest known constructed languages . 
  it caught on in the carpathian basin very well and eventually spread to cover most of it , except for the southwest part , where romanian differentiated from slavic in the 1200s , at the same time as ukrainian further north . '', 
  either that or a deadly plague spanning centuries killed everyone in the carpathian basin , or at least removed their ability to speak indo-european languages . 
  also a lot more butter . 
  all those southeast asian nations but not my poor sulu ? 
  i guess technically their ni 's are unique , but they 're `` malayan '' and they suck . 
  why ? 
  it 's just like any other forum . 
  to their credit , they do n't even have admins to curate content like on 9gag . 
  more merchants ? 
  -5 % idea cost five ni 's in ? 
  those are the best kind though , it 's like a reward for being able to survive and get big, 
  eheheheh , as eu4 players we are very likely to know and care about cham and root for them , whereas out of actual cham people it would n't be surprising if none of them have ever played the game . 
  brilliant, 
  ah , i thought i was in / r/labrats, 
   cb required to take capitals, 
  noooo then you ca n't do jewish germany and other such shenanigans . 
  possible out : conquering land that equates to nations that have already been annexed, 
  - observing ramadan : check, 
  - charity for the poor : nil, 
  - converting infidels : check, 
  - not declaring war on other sunnis : nil x100, 
  - declaring war on infidels : check x1000000, 
  - killing infidels : check, 
  - stopping heretical research : check, 
  - turning away men of science : check, 
  - burning books : check ? 
  - protecting pilgrims : are you kidding ? 
  - killing infidels : check, 
  - killing infidel advisors : check, 
  - denouncing sect practices : check, 
  - establishing sheikh ul-islam office : nil, 
  - adopting the title of khalifa : check, 
  - not establishing jizya : check, 
  - establishing a center of islamic scholarly learning : nil, 
  - killing infidels : check, 
  they 're leaning towards `` pious '', 
  let me guess , someone made castile release le\u00f3n , and portugal annexed them ? 
  who was it ? 
  also , did england get a pu over navarre ? 
  it looks like it got released from castile as well , since it 's got vizcaya ( now biscay , i guess ) . 
  similar reasoning for granada , although it could also just have conquered the cores back from a weak castile . 
  but then why does it say `` mac '' rather than `` mac '' or `` apple device '' or something ? 
  no , now that macs are popular the spectrum stretches across every sort of user, 
  you need tone marks for the first `` aw '' !, 
  bah you need some major group break symbols in your life . 
  while they 're easy to confuse with lateral clicks , presumably you do n't need those, 
  and [ \u0251\u026a ] is dubious ; i 'm more inclined to believe it 's a misspelling than an accent thing, 
  edit : it 's inconsistent , so definitely a misspelling, 
  discworld , for all its glory , goes without saying, 
  i think there 's some cognitive bias here -- you 're * definitely * more familiar with the shapes of real-world geography than with those of fantasy settings , and thus you find them more distinctive .
