  it * helps . 
  * do n't knock it . 
  clarification : nobody hand-optimizes * machine code * in 2015 . 
  obviously people still optimize in general . 
  edit : just to be clear , `` nobody '' is hyperbole . 
  once i saw a picture of tehran and everything there was written in arabic so i do n't think you know as much about turks as you think you do, 
  how do you ever find the time to do that ? 
  i ca n't think of a single game studio whose biggest problem is that their * machine code * is n't optimized . 
  firmware i could believe being hand-optimized . 
  screwing around in assembly can be necessary in systems programming . 
  and ireland is n't in england , your point ? 
  `` form of middle english '' is misleading . 
  it 's a * descendant * of middle english , just like english and scots . 
  so the more relevant relationship here is that it 's a close relative of english . 
  the sheep and the horses : a sheep that had no wool saw horses , one pulling a heavy wagon , one carrying a big load , and one carrying a man quickly . 
  the sheep said to the horses : `` my heart pains me , seeing a man driving horses '' . 
  the horses said : `` listen , sheep , our hearts pain us when we see this : a man , the master , makes the wool of the sheep into a warm garment for himself . 
  and the sheep has no wool '' . 
  having heard this , the sheep fled into the plain . 
  it 's a fable a linguist wrote in proto-indo-european , translated into proto-germanic . 
  translations of certain words :, 
  - awiz : sheep ; cf. 
  latin `` ovis '', 
  - ehw\u014dz : horse ; cf. 
  latin `` equus '', 
  - habd\u0113 : had, 
  - sahw : saw, 
  - wagn\u0105 : wagon ( acc . ), 
  icelandic `` gumi '' , old english `` guma '' , and of course latin `` homo '' and `` humanus '', 
  - wurk\u012b\u00fei : makes ; cf. 
  english `` work '', 
  - warm\u0105 : warm ( acc . ), 
  i know octopuses are emotionless , but that 's incredibly cute . 
  faking pi ? 
  it 's exactly equal to pi , so the difference in accuracy is just up to how accurately each are defined in your programming environment . 
  clarification 2 : nobody hand-optimizes machine code in 2015 * outside of niche applications . 
  * in most production environments , it would be pretty unheard of , but if your hardware is limiting then there 's still reason to do so . 
  french flag would have been best imo , since the attackers were citizens . 
  which makes me wonder , once syrians get on the internet en masse , will they lament syria becoming the face of depictions of isis ? 
   i ate some asbestos once ^ it ^ was ^ good, 
  this is why no one likes you , quebec . 
  after reading this , a couple hours later i misremembered it as an smbc comic . 
  i want to say that it 's because of the thematic similarity and vaguely ( and i mean vaguely ) similar visual style , but it 's actually probably because it has a ginger in it . 
  [ this article , ] ( http://www.rfreitas.com/astro/xenopsychology.htm ) perhaps the most popular article written on the subject of xenopsychology , says otherwise , but i admit it could be wrong :, 
   probably the cleverest nonemotional creature on earth today is the octopus . 
  this eight-tentacled , highly educable animal is an invertebrate mollusc with a ganglionic nervous system having 5 % as many nerve cells as the human brain . 
  the octopus has a few minor endocrine systems which influence the maturation of its sexual organs , the onset of sexual behavior , body fluids , and maternal behavior and which react to the changing length of day with the seasons -- but compulsory hormonal responses appear to be absent . 
  the animal is , from the strict mammalian viewpoint , virtually without emotion . 
   octopuses are fiercely independent solitary carnivores with no social inclinations whatsoever ; crowded into a small tank they will fight and establish a dominance hierarchy . 
  they have no fear of fire and are insensitive to burns . 
  the animal knows sex , but does n't get very excited about it . 
  the heartbeat of a male octopus in the midst of copulation is as steady as in a resting animal . 
  the sexual displays of males during courtship appear to serve only for identification , never for stimulation , of the female . 
  broods are enormous impersonal affairs -- up to 250,000 eggs per batch . 
  no maternal love is lavished on offspring after birth so the young must fight for their own lives . 
  yet females often fast themselves to death guarding their own unhatched eggs . 
   the creature may not even know what it means to feel hungry . 
  mammals long deprived of food become excited and venture out in an agitated search for dinner . 
  the response of the octopus to food deprivation is totally different and utterly alien . 
  when crabs become scarce , octopuses resign themselves to long watchful inactivity until the day the supply improves . 
  they become less likely to emerge from their caves and houses to attack possible prey passing by . 
  motivation is not as adjustable as in mammals , yet octopus behavior under stress is considerably more cool and calculating . 
  after hundreds of hours of direct observation undersea explorer jacques cousteau admitted that while the octopus is a timid animal ( its first reaction to a diver is to flee or hide ) , `` its timidity is a reasoned reaction , one that is based primarily on prudence and caution . 
  it is not an instinctive and groundless fear ( that persists regardless of circumstances . '', 
   octopus mentality seems to be more oriented toward calculated prudence , more plastic than reptiles and more aloof than mammals . 
  is this , perhaps , a clue to the possible psychology of intelligent emotionless extraterrestrials ? 
  sure , but i would n't really be able to follow it up !, 
  i 'm not well-read on octopus psychology , although i 'd like to be . 
  once syria is better off economically , i mean , decades from now . 
  you 'd have to be brain-dead not to . 
  even the most basic act of choosing a faster algorithm over a less fast one is considered optimization . 
  i 'm hoping it will turn out to be another japan . 
  long-term occupation , but help rebuild and let them keep their civil liberties . 
  ( i was trying to troll these people as punishment for not realizing that my first comment was obviously a joke , but it seems not enough people know that tehran is in persia and that farsi is completely unrelated to arabic to get properly angry at me . 
  i ca n't believe there has n't been a know-it-all yet talking me down . ), 
   purple barrel machine, 
  what is it , and is someone using it as a name for their band yet ? 
  case in point : practically anything biological that is n't absurdly simple , such as creativity . 
  nitpick : turkish does n't morphologically mark the topic and comment . 
  it marks it with word order , like e.g. 
  hungarian . 
  examples of languages which do mark them morphologically would be japanese , and most austronesian languages that are n't nuclear mp , such as tagalog . 
  while we 're at it , morphological marking of topic in japanese is no longer obligatory . 
  it seems it 's not a popular thing , cross-linguistically . 
  i 'd be interested in the literature on the status of tagalog . 
  the few native speakers i 've met seem oblivious to the idea of topic and comment ( instead opting to describe the different patterns of alignment as `` active '' and `` passive '' , by analogy with english ) , but as far as i can tell the alignment system does serve the purpose of marking focus as well . 
  maybe ? 
  every single android charger of mine has turned into this , despite my best efforts . 
  * why ? 
  this resembles shitty tumblr gifs in length but not resolution, 
  sort of . 
  i do n't thing the gif is implying that he 's an insensitive jerk , just that he does n't know what he did . 
  meh , you can take 'em, 
  well , he said so himself , did n't he ? 
  vowel harmony is phonological , though , unless you use harmony groups to encode something morphological ( such as deictic level in hungarian ) . 
  you answer your question in your post . 
  what 's spongebob demonstrating here again ? 
  ah yes, 
  never really got how they narrowed down the `` survival needs '' in the first place . 
  this is a magic cloaked being we 're talking about .
