  sf definitely has malaysians , more than there are on the east coast , but we 've already established i 'm not good at identifying them . 
  :p there are probably whole malaysian neighborhoods somewhere around here , but i do n't know of any specific ones . 
  i chose to learn tagalog because i was sick and tired of my first language of hungarian having no closely-related languages , and having lost many of its distinctive uralic features to europeanization . 
  i decided to go study a language with similar structural properties to hungarian and uralic languages in general , and i figured that since i was surrounded by filipinos , it may as well be tagalog . 
  well , in ep iii the jedi temple was broadcasting some sort of code that obewan and yoda had to fix , and clearly was broadcasting many others , so they have something approximating radio . 
  not to mention the frequently used holograms ( for which you somehow need to know someone 's location to contact them ... while their location is clearly readily available to the comms ... is there * any * scene in the prequels that was n't a badly written mess ? 
  sorry , you 're right , that was dumb , i do n't know where i got it from . 
  but the fact remains that modern istanbul is mostly turkish , mostly sunni , and barely greek . 
  it has no place in greece now , if you like nation-states . 
  right , for sure there 's longer ones , and infinitely long ones ( a simple loop is just adding '' - s\u00e1gos - '' arbitrarily many times ) . 
  it 's just the one everyone knows . 
  the route is analogous to the world , not the seed . 
  the seed does n't have an obvious counterpart in the gps analogy . 
  because o is rare , or why ? 
  david tennant is scottish , does he count ? 
  ( and he was in * harry potter * to boot ), 
  wait , not even kotor is canon ? 
  augh the poor font :(, 
  goodblock seems to be unaffected . 
  and i pronounce `` pseudo '' as `` sudu '' , so it 's perfect, 
  are you kidding me ? 
  this is a fantastic base . 
  the bases on here tend to be really cramped , because people tend to build them like irl houses . 
  but in terraria , you have wings and rocket boots and space cars , so the most easily-accessible way to organize everything is to leave large open spaces between them . 
  this is a really great and flavorful way to accomplish that . 
  good job !, 
  it looks as though it were made by a genetic algorithm or something . 
  like it grew there . 
  i mean it did . 
  but more so . 
  wait , is n't the sanskrit word for `` cow '' * dhenu * or something or other ? 
  what part of * gavisti * means `` cow '' ? 
  ( my first language is hungarian , which gets its words relating to cattle from 9th century indo-iranian languages ), 
  0 in hungary . 
  but i guess this thread is united states-only ; obviously there 's still places with phones you can `` hang up '' . 
  thanks , will try !, 
  although dunno how to tell steam to do that really , i assume i have to go find the files and enable compatibility mode in the properties . 
  \u00e9n is k\u00f6szi ^ ^ this ^ ^ is ^ ^ now ^ ^ a ^ ^ uralic ^ ^ thread, 
  so that 's what those are, 
  and more importantly , they live in the us !, 
  ( except the people who learn it as a second language in the jao but no one cares about them ), 
  to be fair , even though the prequels were already going to be terrible without it , they were further compromised by lucas 's need to shove as many merchantable things in there as possible . 
  it 's `` lying im '' backwards , too, 
  / r/unexpected is what you 're looking for, 
  except he does !, 
  * avatar * was a very carefully precipitated box office hit . 
  i think there 's also a german series like this , but i do n't remember what it 's called unfortunately, 
  although mind you it 's actually a j without the dot and with a line through it, 
  hell , in hungarian , most of our lexicon is borrowings , yet the formal register is the one with * less * borrowings , not more . 
  edit : this is because the same sentiments as the ones expressed in the linked post got ahold of our literate elite around the 19th century . 
  this sort of thinking is dominant in most countries that were part of some other one until relatively recently . 
  i see the same thing when i study tagalog : the formal register uses many more `` native '' words than the colloquial one , for the same reasons . 
  ah yes of course a czech would be making sure people know * wait a minute *, 
  ( enjoy this [ flag of the philippines in the style of the presidential standard of the czech republic ] ( https://i.imgur.com/m3a8akz.png ) ), 
  same , it has a former-soviet-satellite-state feel to it, 
  \\  not browning your meat correctly, 
  this is technically no longer canon :(, 
  a sphere is the structurally strongest choice , and less surface area means less potential places to attack it . 
  ( however , less surface area also means less weapons you can fit on it , but eh . ), 
  is he committing suicide ? 
  that 's fairly recent , though . 
  if you look at older , respected literary works , you 'll find a lot of magyarizing ( no pun intended ) . 
  and while formal political speak and technical speak may involve a lot of latin ( as is tradition ) , most other fields , if they want to sound formal , will use very magyar-y constructions . 
  the turkic loans are not really a point of difference anymore . 
  there 's about three strata : the ones from before the ugric languages were distinct , the ones from when the magyars were in central asia , and the ones from the cumans . 
  ( apparently we got a hundred or so words from the ottomans that nearly all disappeared from usage after 1700 . 
  i ca n't actually think of any that were left behind off of the top of my head -- perhaps `` gyere '' , but the l  r makes me think it 's older . ), 
  all of these are old enough to have diffused over most/all varieties of hungarian , and generally relate to things like agriculture . 
  it 's the only funny thing i 've seen on / r/funny in months though, 
  you know , you can de-culture-convert provinces if you have cossacks . 
  i think . 
  i 'm guessing you started the game before it came out , or like me decided that $ 20 was way too expensive ? 
  as the ottomans , op is supposed to * vassalize * transylvania and eventually get it beaten out of them by austria in 1699 or so . 
  after watching all of the movies ( except ep i ) with my sister , * this * was the one plot element from ep v that she could n't remember , even though i actually got her to pay attention during the whole thing . 
  it was very weird . 
  but cornwall is the primary nation of cornish , is n't it ? 
  confirmed : the `` sudden burst of speed '' in ep i was completely pulled out of someone 's ass . 
  but gigabyte does n't produce computers . 
  what then ? 
  i think most people from / r/all also saw the 727 pp get , so they 're a lot less confused now . 
  slowed down the track a little, 
  it is also the best fanfiction i 've ever read , but i do n't think it 's good . 
  it 's full of problems , most notably extremely over-indulgent writing and a wild swerve in tone about a third of the way through . 
  i ca n't speak for gsurfer , but in the us , you are prohibited from donating blood if you have spent more than 6 years in europe . 
  this may change some time in the future , though . 
  that 's a sign that you should stop using autocorrect . 
  ( i definitely turned mine off . 
  i mean what i type . ), 
  better use safety goggles , would n't want your eyes to get hurt, 
  oh , i see , you made elsa !, 
  no , but the us for sure is n't part of the uk . 
  i doubt gsurfer checked the blood donation laws of every single country , so there must be some set of countries he was referring to that he has visited . 
  there 's a good chance one of them is the us . 
  hence my comment . 
  but the way that it puts together the two possibilities is beautiful . 
  ( and also if you 'd seen it used more often , you would n't think there 's anything wrong with it , but meh ), 
  there are no commonly used gendered pronouns in finnish . 
  anything a writer could use would be more awkwardly literary and obvious than `` that man/woman '' . 
  this is a universal feature of uralic languages . 
  i am not aware of a single uralic language which has gendered pronouns , not even hungarian , which has borrowed many indo-european features over time .
