  where are you from ? 
   3x as many articles in hungarian as other languages, 
  oh , look , finally a place on the internet wh -- good god the featured article is `` zsid\u00d3k a fideszben '', 
  i love it when that happens . 
  unfortunately i have a low budget and want to stay thin , so i do n't drink many sugary drinks nowadays . 
  it 's too bad . 
  essentially . 
  as you can see , though , it 's very big . 
  they are more complex than your average slug or clam : they have ink sacs and a shell , on the inside , and much bilateral symmetry even internally . 
  oh man , french people . 
  with respect to art , you are like the japan of europe . 
  you should go to australia sometime ; there 's some really great diving opportunities there , if you dive , and if you do n't , there 's still a lot to see . 
  i recommend fraser island . 
  i was going to link you to http://www.metapedia.org/ , but it turns out that they do n't have it in polish . 
  oh well , if you knew hungarian you 'd be able to read such glorious articles as `` jews in the hungarian government '' , `` jews '' , and `` the zionist agenda '' . 
  i will turn it into a space station , mostly because it looks cooler than a space station that * is n't * built on an asteroid , and also because it is easier to find . 
  i used to use it , but then i got bored of it and discovered i can do the maneuvers myself , without help . 
  then , i got bored of kerbin ascent , so i strapped mechjeb onto my lifter stages and let it do the ascent for me . 
  now i am doing challenges , so i am not using mechjeb . 
  what about china ? 
  wow , i am surprised a single rockomax 48-7s can lift that much . 
  i am even more surprised that a nuclear engine can lift that much on duna 's surface . 
  congratulations , that was a really cool mission . 
  i may have to build one . 
  it would go great with all the space stations there are in the orbits of most bodies . 
  well , i do n't know about that ... 
  no , it 's because the asteroids in all the rest of the places have been scared away by gravitationally massive bodies or turned into gravitationally massive bodies themselves . 
  asteroids , save the gilly-size ones , are too small to have meaningful gravity , and are unlikely to have any gravity at all in ksp . 
  \\  not using a tetrahedral arrangement, 
  \\  thinks he 's done, 
  where did you hear about that ? 
  if it 's true , either they mean attach to the asteroid , or the asteroid has to be nearly as big as gilly ( otherwise its escape velocity is , like , 5 cm/s ), 
  polish speakers seem especially enthusiastic about it , though . 
  or , maybe i 'm just stereotyping based on [ this one idiot ] ( http://claritaslux.com/blog/ ) . 
  we have a new brunswick in new jersey . 
  i wish i could make a funny joke like `` can confirm , new brunswick not into english '' but the truth is they can into english just fine . 
  yellow to blue is a terrible-looking scale . 
  it 's hard to tell how far along the scale a color is , and i do n't think it begins and ends at 100 % ukrainian , 100 % russian respectively , either . 
  ( central and eastern ) europe : contains people further right than america, 
  because it was founded by hungarians . 
  because many ( i think a majority of , even ) hungarians are anti-semitic . 
  hungarian anti-semitism is not exceptional compared to the surrounding countries , but hungarians had the idea for metapedia first . 
  maybe he wanted an uninterrupted experience ? 
   egypt who was conquered by that european guy, 
  do n't forget the turks . 
  but , it is not true that china never got conquered . 
  what about the mongols and the yuan dynasty ? 
  yes . 
  i used to only like classical music ( here `` classical '' being a catch-all term for baroque , classical , and romantic ) . 
  now i only like classical music and chiptune music . 
  because irl breasts are n't rods with torsion springs at the base . 
  they are more like a net made of tiny springs with a very low limit to how far they can stretch . 
  it 's orange !, 
  yes . 
  not sure what it could be , though . 
  whoah , it wold be * awesome * and completely unrealistic if neutron stars were implemented ( although those are bigger than your average asteroid ) . 
  i hope one day we can find a whole range of exotic objects in ksp , traveling relativistically . 
  ah , i suspect the 100 % thing was part of because it was so hard to tell in the first place . 
  thank you for listening . 
  maybe the solution is to change only two color-values at a time ( e.g. 
  red and green rather than red , green , and blue ) , rather than three . 
  substituting i for d by accident ? 
  do i see another dvorak typist ? 
  this was particularly bad in 0.22 . 
  i 'd exit the command pod and i 'd be flung away from the craft very fast . 
  but it does n't happen now that you have 0.23 , right ? 
  we * have * three people . 
  i just do n't want to be the one to remind javacode . 
  i think they purposely did it inside , so they 'd have something to do together for a few hours . 
  that 's okay . 
  the search continues ... 
  well , duh . 
  that was pretty much the purpose of this sub from the beginning , was n't it ? 
  it was foam rather than liquid and so probably did n't discolor so much , and these people probably had little income of their own , so in all likelihood nothing was replaced . 
  not that i recommend this either , of course . 
  edit : at least they had a nylon sheet on the couch . 
   can not into spelling paprika, 
  ... are you hungarian or are you not ? 
   nobody here cares, 
  i translate kolb\u00e1sz as sausage ... in fact , i often tell people that similar to how sami has tons of words for snow , hungarian has many words for sausage . 
  ( in fact , one smartass told me that so does english : sausage , hot dog , frankfurter , weiner , kielbasa . 
  loan words do not count ! ), 
  but muh oss, 
  wow , i can not believe i recognized indonesian just by looking at it . 
  language detection skill +1, 
  wow , # 2 is really skilled at this . 
  jumped up and everything . 
   you 've never worn a clean labcoat . 
  this is a property that people are born with and as time progresses the only thing one can do is lose it . 
  i propose that it be changed to `` the last time you wore a clean labcoat was five years ago . '', 
  huh . 
  i would n't have thought such a long comic would get a high score . 
  kudos for somersaulting over the attention span barrier !, 
  apparently you are supposed to stuff it in a bamboo tube and roast it , in addition to braising it . 
  i want to try it out , someday . 
  maybe eat someone 's tumor ? 
  then again , transformed cells are arranged much differently than regular ones . 
  but ... they 're sapient . 
  do n't worry , you will learn !, 
  everyone starts out that way , but kerbal rocket science is n't hard once you learn the ins and outs of it ( such as when twr is important and when it is n't , how to maximize delta-v , how to line up your transfers with stuff , which way what kind of burn will send you , etc. ),
