  that sounds dangerously playable . 
  quest reward is 5 mana though . 
  p o w e r c r e e p, 
  i wonder , on average , how badly this would ruin you before clearing board . 
  it 's really hard to * completely * clear the board with random spells , so you 'd get a lot of weird crap before it stopped . 
  maybe it would draw out your deck too much to be run . 
  i * knew * that thread would find its way here . 
  bonus pro-language death thread elsewhere in the comments . 
  posting the thread once is enough imo . 
  i tried to sarcastically agree with the pro-language-death guy in a way that highlighted the value that language diversity has to us , and then somebody just linked / r/iamverysmart . 
  then i managed someone else replied with actual insightful discussion , which the mods deleted . 
  you ca n't win . 
  this is wonderful flavor and a cool mechanic . 
  kinda figured there was an opportunity to make the shaman one even more busted than ui because of the overload . 
  not sure if this lives up to the hype , but i guess compared to elly d and flamestrike , it 's appropriate . 
  to be fair , black lotus was/is completely busted . 
  but in the quote , that was just exaggerating for the sake of rhetoric . 
  if you read the whole thread , it seems mandarin is n't even necessarily less conservative . 
  it preserves the alveolar vs retroflex distinction in onsets , for example , unlike cantonese . 
  but who really knows , it 's only a reddit thread . 
  not in standard , though . 
  how would they borrow features from one into the other ? 
  through writing , i guess , but that 's a relatively recent invention . 
  i wonder if his cadre of snipers will follow him here and snipe him . 
  it 's way easier to snipe someone in eternal than hearthstone . 
  a friend of mine managed to play against kibler completely by accident , just by playing draft while kibler was also playing draft . 
  ( he dc ` ed two turns from lethal due to his laptop running out of battery . 
  it was unfortunate . ), 
  am / r/hearthstone poster . 
  completely true . 
  if i 'm playing hearthstone , then all i 've got is my tiny collection vs a not very diverse ladder . 
  if i 'm watching someone stream hearthstone , then they 're usually playing an interesting deck i do n't have the cards for and making interesting comments about it . 
  and if it 's on youtube , then it was probably an interesting game versus * another * interesting deck . 
  it 's a much better experience , and i think hearthstone is specifically designed to be fun to watch . 
  it 's kinda regional in the us , strongest near nyc . 
  it 's a borrowing of yiddish `` shmues '' meaning `` chat '' ( the noun ) , itself a borrowing of ( pre-reconstruction ) hebrew `` sh ` mu ' \u00f3t '' , meaning `` news '' . 
  as for other weird `` created by '' messages , what about `` created by another card '' ? 
  that one 's for benedictus i think . 
  `` except maybe swadesh distance '' is a charitable way to put it . 
  swadesh 's method does n't even care about phonological distance , just preservation of word roots . 
  most of the article is about `` why we do it '' . 
  it walks you through the history of spaces after sentences , showing and explaining the time period when one space became the standard . 
  remember the wotog druid nerfs ? 
  they nerfed three staple druid cards . 
  there 's no way that this will be more brutal than that . 
  switches just once , so that he can kill dr boom with his hero power . 
  pretty sure he just forgot about brann . 
  he 's seen the interaction before for sure ; i doubt he was mistaken about it . 
  valeera is the second most fun death knight to play after rexxar , and she really shines in the mill rogue deck . 
  it might be the most fun marginally viable deck in the meta right now, 
  oh that might be what i 'm remembering . 
  can anyone confirm that benedictus is called `` another card '' ? 
  sidenote : where does your flair come from ? 
  it 's a joke , right ? 
  ohh . 
  that makes sense . 
  but then it would n't be possible to cheese a bunch of heroic adventures with it . 
  is that really what you want ? 
  i wonder if any warriors managed to beat him with it before turn 7 . 
  i do n't think it 's possible . 
  yes . 
  it 's a joke , because the now the giants are broken . 
  same , throughout the whole recipe i had no idea where this was going . 
  expected the brown stuff to be used as filling for a chocolate bar , but then they added * eggs . 
  this video is great . 
  but maybe it 's a little late , considering the impending nerfs ? 
  still , it is wonderful to hear zalae share his expertise about tryharding . 
  oh man , i wish ice block were basic . 
  coughing up the 1600 dust for a pair was not fun . 
  yes sorry , edited . 
  behold , the beautiful partnership between finland and hungary . 
  i ca n't believe you were right about the nerfs not affecting jade druid . 
  ( i mean , it 's too early to tell , really , but it seems jade will survive and possibly get even stronger . ), 
  but mtg does n't have voice lines . 
  there 's always flavor text , i guess . 
  `` i am glad there are on dumb 4chan users . '', 
  no , you need to bluff more to get the trade to go through . 
  pretend it 's fair and that we 're totally not scamming the west coasters !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  they gave you full dust for just * having * ragnaros and sylvanas . 
  if they 're going to rotate classic cards into the hall of fame , i would definitely prefer them to do it this way . 
  do deer type in all caps ? 
  while the essay is garbage , the thesis outlined in the title of this submission is n't completely ridiculous ; with how well modern media allows language information to disseminate , i would n't be surprised if language diversity went down significantly in the future . 
  arena 's really bad , but somehow the best format right now . 
  i think they were referring to the use of a double pipe as a letter, 
  but why did this guy have to go and write something containing `` my knowledge of formicidae '' instead of just writing something like `` the line is ruined if you know ants do n't have scrota . '', 
  if it were rng on just one card , it would n't be regarded as such a dumb mechanic the way it is , but having it as a major theme infected a bunch of cards in the set with an inconsistent coin flip . 
  hence why tgt was a boring set . 
  because you could n't a third of the dang cards !, 
  just pump all the air out of the room before going to sleep . 
  also , go to bed on an empty stomach and bladder . 
  ehh , `` guy gets three of funny mage card off of tome '' has been posted to this subreddit countless times . 
  who wants to watch yet another one ? 
  when will they ban blue already ? 
  first time i 've ever actually been able to read kufic, 
  i feel like sarah is overthinking this ? 
  seeing a movie with someone you are wondering about whether you want a romantic relationship with totally fits the idea of a date , even if you 're not sure if it will `` go somewhere '' . 
  probably why it 's hard for her to avoid calling it one . 
  in any case , good luck to her and sam . 
  there was reddit mold a while back , but it was actually kinda fun to have .
