  however , in general , i need something soft and brooding , not something loud and profound . 
  i need it to set a mood , not accentuate it . 
  but i mean , you mentioned `` baroque and classical '' . 
  why not romantic as well ? 
  ( i 'm assuming you did n't use `` classical '' to refer to it , since you took the trouble to distinguish `` baroque '' . ), 
  but hopefully they 'll be different enough for people to divide into camps over specific important details . 
  i 've created / r/hydraulicsporn . 
  let 's see where it goes . 
  ( / r/tubeporn was , surprisingly , taken . ), 
  it 'll take me some time to process all this !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  edit : jesus chris this fits my criteria much better than i could possibly have imagined, 
  wait , his pre-scratch version died twice ? 
  oh , right , god tier !, 
  probably what he means by `` died twice '' , unless i 'm missing something . 
  he ascended to god tier , unless his wings come from somewhere else . 
   [ irregardless ] ( / at ), 
  fuck you too , tavros !, 
  it should be noted that i 've upvoted every single person who 's disagreed with me here , as far as i know . 
  that said . 
  in 7th grade , i took an sat test without preparing for it at all , it was spur-of-the-moment , i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and did n't do any research or anything . 
  i scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area . 
  an iq test has shown me to be in the 99.9 th percentile for iq . 
  this is the highest result the test i was given reaches ; anything further and they 'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test . 
  my mother 's boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated virginia tech . 
  at the age of 15 , i understand physics better than him , and i owe very little of it to him , as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of anything , just tell me that my ideas were wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics . 
  he 's not particularly successful as an engineer , but i 've met lots of other engineers who are n't as good as me at physics , so i 'm guessing that 's not just a result of him being bad at it . 
  i 'm also pretty good at engineering . 
  i do n't have a degree , and other than physics i do n't have a better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer , but i have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things . 
  for example , i independently invented regenerative brakes before finding out what they were , and i was only seven or eight years old when i started inventing wireless electricity solutions ( my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy ; admittedly not the best plan ) . 
  i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i 've come across . 
  every question of existentialism which i 've seen discussed in smbc or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else , the thoughts have n't been new to me . 
  philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me ; i 've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is . 
  psychology , i actually understand better than people with degrees . 
  unlike engineering , there 's no aspect of psychology which i do n't have a very good understanding of . 
  i can debunk many of even sigmund freud 's theories . 
  i 'm a good enough writer that i 'm writing a book and so far everybody who 's read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published . 
  and that 's not just , like , me and family members , that counts strangers on the internet . 
  i 've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far ; people have critiqued it , but not insulted it . 
  i do n't know if that will suffice as evidence that i 'm intelligent . 
  i 'm done with it , though , because i 'd rather defend my maturity , since it 's what you 've spent the most time attacking . 
  the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code . 
  i believe firmly that everybody deserves a future . 
  if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii , i would be against executing him . 
  in fact , if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he was n't just faking it , i 'd even support the concept of letting him go free . 
  this is essentially because i think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future , and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self 's actions , it should n't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment , especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them . 
  i do n't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices are n't harming others . 
  i do n't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia , pedophilia , or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i do n't care what a person 's fantasies consist of , as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them ) . 
  i do n't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to , or clothes they wear , etc. 
  i know that 's not really an impressive moral , but it 's unfortunately rare ; a great many people , especially those my age , are judgmental about these things . 
  i love everyone , even people i hate . 
  i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness . 
  rick perry is a vile , piece of shit human being , deserving of zero respect , but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible . 
  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my life . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself . 
  if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them , i 'd prefer to do that over killing them . 
  i consider myself a feminist . 
  i do n't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles ; they may happen naturally , but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally . 
  as in , the societal pressure for gender roles should really go , even if it 'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord . 
  i treat women with the same outlook i treat men , and never participate in the old reddit `` women are crazy '' circlejerk , because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities . 
  i do n't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who are n't awesome . 
  that does n't mean i look for places to victimize women , i just do n't believe it 's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything 's ok when it 's really not ( and that 's a particularly harsh example , because all humans do that ) . 
  i 'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i 'm guessing you 're getting tired of reading them , if you 've even made it this far . 
  in closing , the people who know me in real life all respect me , as do a great many people in the reddit brony community , where i spend most of my time and where i 'm pretty known for being helpful around the community . 
  a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times , and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there . 
  yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was , and that comment was second to the top , so i guess other people agreed ( though , granted , it was a pretty low-traffic post , only about a dozen competing comments ) . 
  and , uh , i 'm a pretty good moderator . 
  all that , and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish . 
  so what do you think , now that you at least slightly know me ? 
  my right hand 's broken , and that 's why i draw with my left hand . 
  res says you have -1 downvotes . 
  and 6 upvotes . 
  and a total karma for your comment of 7 . 
  checks out . 
  but everyone knows she 's actually serenity . 
  no , rufio got god tier . 
  otherwise , how would he have wings ? 
  so , that would make his running total :, 
  died to get god tier, 
  killed by meenah, 
  post-scratch self died, 
  his ghost dying would be an additional fifth death . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm still not through with that other list , but i 'll listen to these as well . 
  edit : wow , schoenberg sounds a lot like my [ friend ] ( https://sites.google.com/site/janstoneman2/ ) , but more subtle . 
  or , well , my friend sounds a lot like schoenberg . 
  schoenberg came first . 
  i should ask him about it sometime . 
  of course we ca n't know for certain yet , but like you said , it 's `` pretty reasonable to assume '' . 
  best thing that comes out of this is that we might get to see the rogue god tier clothes . 
  wow . 
  beautiful picture . 
  i 've seen a lot , lot , lot of them in fouling communities in maine , but those were all brownish ( probably from algae and coevolution with it ) and hard to see .
