  ( answer : i 'll be in an elliptical orbit ! ), 
  pfft , you care if you have to time-warp to the transfer window every time ? 
  edit : come on , it was a joke, 
  could n't you just have removed the borders and made it work ? 
  if you 've been using it for a year , how ca n't you tell that it 's not solarized at all ? 
  but the 3d is a completely superfluous element that throws the rest off . 
  it 's not minimalistic , if there 's still something to take away . 
   dallas, 
  well , i thought at least i 'd take pictures of their biology textbooks , and get dinner at a bbq place there . 
   you also wont `` rest '' in new orleans . 
  why ? 
  i 'm sure there 's a continuous way to transform the mercator projection into the goode homolosine projection , even though the two projections have different bounds ( except at the poles ; that 's impossible ) . 
  you can have the transition stage ( s ) be as smooth as you like . 
  yeah , it 's nice !, 
  although i 'd much prefer it w/o the 3d ( which is , like , 2 seconds in gimp ) . 
  it makes me feel like my desktop is about to tip over backwards from inside my screen . 
  i 'm not comfortable with things that are n't flat being inside my flat computer screen . 
  pfft , programmer 's nightmare for , at most , a day , if the software is sensibly implemented . 
  ( maybe i 'll write my own goddamn mapping software and make a google store extension out of it . ), 
  and google employs a * fuck * ton of programmers . 
  anything in particular to recommend there ? 
  i know nothing about texas . 
  i * should * ... but i 'm a grad student and i barely have time for that stuff . 
  i 'll look into it , though . 
  we appreciate you trying to help , and i personally do n't believe you deserve any downvotes , but you 'd have to be seriously colorblind to think they are anywhere near the same thing . 
  if nothing else , it should stick out to you that , while solarized has a blue background ( or beige background if you 're using the light version ) , this has a dark gray background . 
   i was n't aware there were no black people up north !, 
  there are , but not in great numbers , and i do n't interact with them very often . 
   you wo n't see any alligators crossing any roads . 
  my mother went to the south once . 
  hungarians like lakes and like to bathe in them ; our biggest geological pride is the large lake balaton , where people go to bathe year-round ( although in the winter it 's mostly just young people showing off ) . 
  when she went to the south , and asked which lakes are the best for bathing , people thought she was joking . 
  it turned out that the lakes are full of alligators . 
  that is where i expect to see them . 
   if you really only have a couple hours you ca n't really explore any city . 
  just try me !, 
  i had a lot of fun in monte carlo even though i was only there for six hours . 
  i mostly walked uphill admiring expensive cars and the view , and had dinner at a french place . 
  that is my modus operandi for being a tourist in a city only for a few hours : walk around and look at stuff ( sometimes buy it ) until an hour or two before i have to leave , then go to a restaurant , then leave . 
  conversely , i lived in singapore for months but never quite explored the place fully . 
  i have learned to be content with what i can get . 
   because you will be pretty busy exploring the city . 
  there is a bunch to do , and one day is n't enough to do it all . 
  well , rest in the sense that i 'm not driving all day , lol . 
  but i plan to spend only a maximum of 12 hours out ; the rest is reserved for relaxing at the campsite . 
   atlanta is not all that exiting of a place to visit for a city its size . 
  i heard it was a great textile production city back in the day . 
  if you google `` detroit of the south '' , then the first eight results are about atlanta . 
  that 's why i figured it would be worth visiting . 
  a potato * does * cut cheese : you can cut cheddar and softer cheeses with potato chips , if the chips are robust enough . 
   as far as black people go you realize - detroit is 82 % black , - cleveland is 53 % black - newark nj is 52 % black - washington dc is 50 % black - chicago is 32 % black, 
   you get my point . 
  there are indeed great numbers of black people in most cities . 
  maybe not where you have lived , but its not a north/south thing . 
  my basis for believing that the south has large amounts of black people is [ the maps on page 11 of this document ] ( http://www.census.gov/prod/cen2010/briefs/c2010br-06.pdf ) . 
   well if you see any alligators in new orleans let me know because that 's where i live , and id like to know !, 
  seriously you mentioned a bunch of cities , and yes there are alligators in the south , but they do n't exactly roam around where people live . 
   i also have friends who live in atlanta , houston , dallas , and i grew up in nw florida before moving to new orleans , so trust me when i say you wo n't find people swimming next to alligators . 
  they are around , and people are not scared of them , but people tend to keep any water they swim in separate from where they swim . 
  do n't worry though . 
  there are plenty of lakes , and river without them . 
  lol , i certainly do n't expect anyone to be swimming with alligators !, 
  i 'm not a herpetologist , but i 'm fairly sure they 're pretty dangerous . 
  thank you for all the input and the wishing me well . 
  fascinating article , thank you !, 
  only if you 're going to be a professional programmer . 
  otherwise it 's useless . 
  it does inflate your gpa , though , and not just because of the weighting . 
  have you seen how usaco does it ? 
  yes !, 
  basically , unit tests . 
  [ wow , finally a comic small enough for me to read !, 
  ] ( http://redd.it/1lllm9#mini --------------------- ), 
  ( but really great otherwise ... although fixed width whyyyyyy ), 
  make the borders and no-man 's - land take up less real estate , make the pixel-width of the comic higher , make the text smaller and and variable-width . 
  - * do * send more rescue missions . 
  that 's how you rescue kerbals . 
  - use the claw to grab the ships , or , better yet ... 
  - ... instead of carrying the whole ships , just send a ship with empty command modules ( or hitchhiker modules if you 've unlocked those ) and eva the stranded kerbals out of the ships and into the empty modules . 
  if you 're worried about the science in the ships you 're leaving behind , kerbals can pick up science from any kind of module if you get the kerbal close enough to kiss the module , and at the same time right click the module . 
   has ksp made you better understand the perils and complexities of space exploration ? 
  sure . 
  it used to seem hard , but now it does n't . 
  ( yes , i know it * is * hard , and also why , it 's just that my brain does n't appreciate it ), 
  i do n't mean the exam . 
  the course . 
  you take the course , and get an a + . 
  inflation . 
  that , and life support . 
  no , the world literally began at jan 1 1970 00:00 , but it was created in motion , omphalos-like . 
  i used to do this with my sister !, 
  also give her rides on my shoulders when she was tired , make a stool when she wanted to sit down , etc. 
  tbf she is 3.5 y younger than me . 
  yet our relationship was pretty bad , we 'd frequently fight . 
  we 're a lot closer now . 
  wait . 
  does n't the philippines have 19 official languages ? 
  i could just feel the knowledge of swedish cultural attitudes towards immigration pouring into my brain while i watched this video . 
  you 've never heard [ pa\u026a\u02c8\u03b8\u00e6g\u0259\u02ccri\u02d0\u0259n ] ? 
  no , it 's still subliminal .
