  - not enough torque : your rocket is really not maneuverable, 
  - add more reaction wheels, 
  - not enough electricity generation : you run out of electricity, 
  - add more solar panels or generators, 
  - too much air resistance : you land on eve, 
  - do n't land on eve, 
  - too much angular velocity ( due to maybe a reentry burn ) : your ship breaks into pieces, 
  - orient your rocket retrograde, 
  - you do n't have enough rcs fuel, 
  - add more rcs fuel tanks, 
  - you do n't have rcs and you 're trying to dock, 
  - good luck, 
  - you do n't have a docking port and you 're trying to dock, 
  - put eas seats on your transfer stages, 
  - you 're about to crash into a body from far away, 
  - antiradial burn , and then optional retrograde burn to circularize ; you could also try aerobraking, 
  - you 're about to crash into a body from close up , and there 's either no chutes or no atmosphere, 
  - try burning retrograde ; otherwise you 're pretty much screwed, 
  if i were writing in my native hungarian , or for a euro audience , i 'd write 1,016 , but most people on reddit are american so i 'd assume they 're more familiar with 1.016, 
  i just use my thrusters , or eva the kerbal over into the presumably present eas seat . 
  i do n't agree with the idea that perks need to go , because i 've seen a good implemementation of perks , in the game * altitude * . 
  i 've played * altitude * almost since its birth , and watched it grow , and never once did i think , `` damn , i hate the fact that there 's a leveling system . '', 
  if you 're unfamiliar with it , it 's a game where you fly planes in 2d and try to destroy other peoples ' planes . 
  the player divide you were talking about was n't very present at all , since it was mostly divided into beginners-only and experts-only servers ( i think the threshold was level 30 out of 50 ) , but that was n't even the cure . 
  what i think made the leveling system work is that beginners actually earned xp faster than experts , in addition to leveling up faster . 
  xp is awarded for killing people , yeah , but people are very fragile in that game , and the game is very liberal when figuring out whether it was you who killed someone . 
  if you hit them with even one shot , and thirty seconds later they crashed into a wall and exploded , without healing , then you killed them . 
  this means that even a noob will get some kills each game . 
  a noob also has another thing going for them : the tutorial and achievement systems . 
  you get xp for completing a variety of only slightly challenging offline tutorial missions . 
  to be clear , this is n't just handing out xp . 
  you can spend some 15 minutes completing each tutorial mission . 
  but only if you 're new . 
  this is not only a great way to level up noobs but also to improve their technique . 
  and then there is the achievement system , where you earn mounds of xp for completing simple achievements ( e.g. , `` kill three planes in a row using this plane '' nets you 30 additional xp , which is equivalent to about three kills ; you can repeat this mission for all five planes ! ) . 
  more experienced players wo n't have these achievements giving them xp , since they 'll have already completed them . 
  in conclusion , it 's still demonstrably possible to maintain leveling in a perks system . 
  the tutorial system is something i think every leveling game should have , and you can go from there to add more xp sources for noobs . 
  why did you have a jr in the first place , though ? 
  what the heck is nse ? 
  east ? 
  i just realized that \u044d and \u0437 are really fucking hard to tell apart . 
  `` what the heck is an azrofloat ? '', 
  how i use it :, 
  - soda : carbonated water , cola and sprite, 
  - coke : cola, 
  - pop : sprite, 
  cola is substituteable with pepsi , sprite is substituteable with anything that is n't cola or sprite . 
  oh god , armenian !, 
  once i stumbled onto the armenian wikipedia , and i realized that this was the funniest script i had yet seen . 
  it took a while to figure out that it was armenian . 
  later , i did a linguistic puzzle that involved translating an armenian subway ( ? ), 
  map , and i actually had to figure out the script . 
  i 've since forgotten it , but that was extremely entertaining . 
  oh , i 've done a puzzle with that one too !, 
  but it was too hard to figure out for me , since the solution hinged on me figuring out that the twelve words were the twelve months . 
  :\\ i never did figure what language it is . 
  the wikipedia has the flag of morocco on it ; is it moroccan ? 
  has it ever happened that a plane * has * gotten hit ? 
  hahaha , that 's really funny !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard that kind of joke before . 
  it sure does look like noodles , does n't it ? 
  warning , spoilers below, 
  wow . 
  finnish . 
  hello . 
  whoah , nc 's flag is just a vertical mirror image of texas 's with some decoration !, 
  maybe not . 
  what 's the difference between a kinase and a phosphatase ? 
  any reports from linux ? 
  i do n't believe they 've found a port . 
  no , he is n't . 
  we have repel and repelled , but repulsive , repulsion and repulsor . 
  they all come from the latin word * pellere * , which means `` to push '' . 
  its perfect passive participle form is * pulsus * , so in latin you * would * say `` repulsed '' , but in english you form the participle from the verb stem , with few exceptions . 
  i 'd personally prefer `` repulsed '' and i have no trouble with someone using it , even though it 's `` wrong '' ( inasmuch as a completely arbitrary language can be wrong ) . 
  why are you assuming they 're point charges ? 
  ( but , anyway , like everybody has already said , wires same charge blah blah blah ), 
  i double-majored in bioengineering and chemical engineering ( and minored in physics but that one was pathetic ) , and i 'm now pursuing a phd in biomedical engineering , with a focus in nanotechnology . 
  i 'm entirely broke , though . 
  edit : and , anyway , your joke was very mean in general . 
  it belongs in the same category as racist jokes , and sexist jokes : a joke based on unfounded self-superiority . 
  liberal arts majors are no worse than stem majors . 
  gta ? 
  hardly . 
  he 's not even a mediocre asshole . 
  his pranks could be much more interesting and annoying . 
  actually , it 's a hungarian commercial . 
  i saw prometheus when it came out , and i knew it was part of the * alien * franchise , but i did n't bother to connect it to anything ; i had n't seen the other movies . 
  that did n't really count . 
  then , later , staying at a hotel in transylvania , * aliens * came on at night in hungarian , and i watched that . 
  ( i speak hungarian . ), 
  after that , i understood all the references . 
  there was * one * ^ ^ ^ additional rule ... 
  wow , i should try this !, 
  ( it works on adhd too right ? ), 
  ^ ( ( no it does n't , adhd is a molecular/genetic problem ; it 's like trying to shoot cystic fibrosis ) ^ ), 
  i am going to try this for my ramen . 
  [ italy ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ organized ] ( #green - text ),
