  so all in all they are idiots for believing that their facebook prayers work and you should n't be bothered by these reason less people attempts at comfort because that 's all they know . 
  jesus chris my sides, 
  i did n't really experience any crime ( though there 's a bit of an issue with cars ; if your windows are all the way up when you 're parked , they 'll get smashed when you 're out diving , and rental cars get stolen like once a month ) , and everybody spoke english ( i mean jesus dick everyone 's trilingual there ; the national dutch , the ancestral papamiento , and the lingua franca english ) . 
  they even use the american dollar as a currency !, 
  ( smart choice for a small island . 
  i do n't think there 's a need for currency regulation at that level . ), 
  but it was far from a typical caribbean tourist trap . 
  there was n't a single giant , shiny , million-storey hotel with its own pool anywhere ( not profitable enough ) , and indeed there was hardly a building above 25 meters tall save radio towers . 
  the villa resorts are slightly dilapidated , like everything else , but are always building and improving , like everything else as well . 
  there 's some ( relatively ) cheap realty , too , like from sunbelt realty . 
  lots of empty lots to build your dream villa in . 
  the thing about this place is that it 's simply not as * comfortable * for easy tourism yet . 
  it 's very deserted in a lot of places , and gas stations are few and far in-between . 
  there 's no hotel rooms that are completely cut off from the elements , where you can rest in 10 \u00b0 c air conditioning with room service , overlooking the shore from far above . 
  the supermarket is like a grab box : they get regular shipments from holland , but their content always changes , and if you find a thing that you like , you should n't rely on it being there next week . 
  there 's tons of mosquitos , day-in , day-out . 
  if you leave wet shoes outside , they will collect about twenty of them each which will fly out when you touch it next morning . 
  you always have to worry about keeping the ( screen ) door closed so that they do n't get in . 
  all in all , it 's a really nice place , and especially cheap !, 
  however , their boxy , pastel architcture and slightly-aloof attitude simply is n't so far developed yet that they offer the carefree tourism experience that a lot of people are looking for . 
  ( which i respect !, 
  to not have to endure any hardships for any duration of time , and to bask in comfort by the waterside ... sounds like a good experience to me ! ), 
  i think real intense tourism like elsewhere in the caribbean is like keeping one big perpetual guest -- there 's this guy around who 's unfamiliar with everything and just looking for a good time , and you get some stuff from him , but in return , he expects everything to be about him . 
  it sounds pretty exhausting !, 
  the natives would n't really be used to that level of foreigners around , i think . 
  no problem !, 
  i warn you , though , i do n't actually have a phd in caribbean tourism . 
  this is from two weeks of bonaire experience , and word-of-mouth about the rest of the caribbean . 
  someone more experienced might be able to call me out on this !, 
  really ? 
  i musta missed it in one of my three weeks of absence , because this is the first time i 'm seeing it . 
  umm ... hmm ... 
  i think , he 's holding a sickle , and the limb to the far left is his other arm , the one in the middle is one of his legs , very bent and with the knee stuck out ( he 's running or something , see ? 
  ) , and the limb on the right is his other leg , straight out behind him . 
  wow . 
  why eridan ? 
  he 's one of the least-liked characters in homestuck . 
  there is n't a space one . 
  that 's the void one . 
  edit : please do n't downvote me , i was screwed over by buggy technology . 
  at least this pun thread ca n't go any further . 
  i hate pun threads . 
  hey , me too !, 
  but i 'm actually serious about it . 
  is bottom left march eridan ? 
  the album that i was shown by my iphone only has 6 wallpapers , and none of them are space . 
  cool !, 
   r/atheism leaks into r/worldnews, 
  what an event . 
  as much as i agree with your general message , i just ca n't condone you telling op to kill himself . 
  i tried to read that backwards [ 3 ], 
  relevant username lol, 
  still not worth spending all that time and money on to make it work . 
  edit : no , come on . 
  would you prefer they spend a bunch of money on servers and dns stuff , or spend that money on their next satellite ? 
  jesus christ all i meant that i think eridan should actually get together with himself , as opposed to only saying eridan should get together with himself but actually joking about it . 
  i thought we prided ourselves on intelligent discussion ? 
  how about , let 's make an effort to stay civil . 
  i * love * the top comment . 
  so intellectual . 
  what , you 've never known anything that made you think , `` i wish more people knew about this ! '' ? 
  any time you are telling people about something and how good it is , you are advertising it . 
  the only way anything will get known is advertising !, 
  even if a well-known service is talking about a new feature , * it might make people want to sign up * . 
  they 're telling people about themselves , and the people are free to decide whether this makes them want it . 
  i do n't understand why coke needs to advertise itself , though . 
  coke never changes , and everyone already knows about it . 
  \\* shrug *, 
   op 's assholery does n't do shit for the world, 
  no , it does some good . 
  op and commenters help out homeless people . 
  ( but only the witty ones . ), 
  most people do n't do that at all . 
  homeless people tend to loiter . 
  wait , they defend * cosmetic * eugenics ? 
  well , okay , i do n't understand why they even defend eugenics in general , but * cosmetic * eugenics ? 
   debtfree, 
  so brave, 
  could you please put up with it ? 
  when i have kids , they * will * be going on the airplane , and you * wo n't * like it , and i * will * be embarrassed , but could you * please * not hate me for it ? 
  this is why people usually give comment point numbers when quoting comments on circlebroke . 
  fuck , do these people know the first thing about oil ? 
  there was never enough biological matter on mars for there to be oil . 
  the american government , and especially nasa , is n't stupid . 
  maybe this is why redditors like to claim to be gay . 
  : / why ? 
  they 're advocating companies that pay them money . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i love how it 's not strictly a doctor remix , but is definitely an `` answer '' to the doctor theme . 
  \\* cough * counterpoint , if you will . 
  if that 's all i had to go on ... 
  edit : no , listen . 
  if that 's * all i had to go on * . 
  i 'd make assumptions about the person 's age , which is n't unreasonable , since older people tend to like older music . 
  then , i 'd use that age to make assumptions about the person 's knowledge , because * age directly correlates with intelligence . 
  * i think i could come at least somewhat closer to the mark , if i did this a thousand times , than someone who took a completely random guess a thousand times . 
  [ hyperbolic reaction time !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/xvz8q/this_hurt_my_feelings/c5q30a1 ), 
  because it * sounds stupid * . 
  have you ever tried saying `` yolo '' ?
