  india i do n't know about ; i 've only played there as timurids/mughals . 
  sure !, 
  no that was just now , it 's all good, 
  title of imgur album shamelessly stolen from erfworld book 0 . 
  it 's not too bad , it just needs more `` na '' and less `` ay '' . 
  care to take a stab at translating it properly ? 
  i would be forever grateful , since it would be my first real tagalog-english comparative text , and reciting it would help me get over my stammering, 
  yeah thanks , if you read above , that fixed it !, 
  cheers !, 
  you want a product , not a ratio !, 
  but anyway , enter is a good one ; it has action , but no one dies , thus no major spoilers . 
  the other entering flashes are good , too ; some of them have people die , but they 're rarely ( or never ? ), 
  explicitly shown . 
  descend is an exception , as are synch/unite . 
  act 6 act 4 is another good flash , since it conveys the setting of middle homestuck while explicitly revealing literally no plot points . 
  it 's a shame their ni 's are generic . 
  i think instead of culture-switching to uralic , i might just release perm and play as them instead . 
  some of their ideas are really sweet . 
  me too . 
  although they would n't fit estonia very well . 
  sapmi and karelia need them , though . 
  more or less . 
  eastern , wierdly . 
  not a problem now though , what with western focus . 
  if you 're into that , there 's also erfworld , although it 's a little more serious , and a different sort of game ( grand strategy ) . 
  also the artist seems to have run out of steam somewhat . 
  but it updates regularly !, 
  edit : oh , and order of the stick , which has strictly , unflinchingly marched away from being centered around the game since day 1 and has loads and loads of panels . 
  nah , the finnish ideas contain some rather finland-specific ideas , e.g. 
  the hakkapelitta . 
  it 's better to come up with a novel set of ideas for the remaining uralic states instead . 
  based mainly around reindeer herding , i guess , lol . 
  but they should be called `` uralic '' , not finno-ugric , since the samoyeds are included in the culture group as well , and so are the komis in perm ( who speak a permic language ) . 
  and finno-ugric is n't really a useful classification anyway ; the `` ugric '' ( also a classification of questionable utility ) languages and the finnic languages are almost at opposite ends of the spectrum of uralic languages . 
  thank you , thank you so much !, 
  i find it interesting how there 's no code-switching to english . 
  only a proper l1 speaker could have done it like that . 
  thank you !, 
  as an opm . 
  it 's really hard . 
  it might be easier to conquer the mamluks as some already animist african country , and release them as a vassal . 
  i think as of the new patch you 've also got to convert their land to animist , though , or else they wo n't switch religions . 
  well , it 's still not good for you . 
  so much sugar !, 
  how does this happen ? 
  i 'm doing a uralic domination game , and i can only dream of a karelia this big , not to mention an independent perm . 
  ahhh . 
  that 's true , but the humans and carbon-based life and elemental matter are still a lot more relevant to me than anything else !, 
  i heard a guy write on his blog that every native speaker he spoke to about tagalog told him it was an easy language to learn . 
  also , it 's in spanish , further detracting from / u/cageweek 's transparency . 
  it makes sense , sorta, 
  they 've added music , too, 
  to piggyback on this post with a related question , how do i pronounce devoiced stops ? 
  what i mean is , stops that are written in ipa using a voiced symbol , but have a voiceless marker . 
  for example , in ipa for danish , you write [ b\u0325 ] , not [ p ] . 
  what makes it different ? 
  yeah , but they want to be mamluks specifically, 
  i think they might have changed how regency councils are rolled in the patch . 
  i 've gotten five or six regency councils since it , and they 've always had better-than-average-for-kings stats , and every single one of them contained at least one 5 . 
  before the patch , the best regency council i ever got was a 2/2/3 , and usually my regency councils contained at least one 0 . 
  the problem is , i 'm shitty at talking to friends , too, 
  alas , they 're mayan now , not animist, 
  i like this guy 's treatment of emoticons , emojis , and sentence-ending punctuation as syntactically the same thing . 
  well , the latter is only true if you absolutely must interpret the period as ending the first sentence for good . 
  plus , emoticons do n't necessarily need to be bound to any one sentence , nor come at the end of a sentence . 
  this is only habit from ending ims/texts with them ( which do n't require periods anyway ) . 
  it 's actually kind of weird that we postposition them . 
  most languages with modal particles put them near the beginning of the sentence . 
  german puts them somewhere in the first three words ; they generally wo n't be found later than right after the verb . 
  hungarian makes them either the first or last word-that-isn ` t-a-nominative-pronoun , behavior that was probably borrowed from german . 
  tagalog has `` enclitic '' particles that usually go right after the first word , but also contains opening and closing particles . 
  singlish modal particles , however , exhibit [ pretty much the same behavior ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/singlish#summary ) as english emoticons . 
  maybe modal particles eventually migrate the to the beginning of a sentence if they 've been in a language long enough ? 
  to be fair , i 've seen emoticons put at the beginnings of sentences , too . 
  but never as the second word in a sentence , which would otherwise be commonplace . 
  does :p this look weird to you ? 
  or on titan , which actually has seas . 
  although titan 's more yellow and brown than red, 
  every time i 've tried to kill someone with oe in eu4 , they just ended up coring all the land miraculously . 
  my new philosophy is to only give people land if you want them to core it . 
  damn, 
  try editing the mod to provide a more liberal version, 
  sorry to be persistent about this ( although i 'm not the guy you originally talked to ) , but have you * ever * installed any mods ? 
  they 're stored in multiple places ( * three * places in linux ) , and you might not have gotten all of them when you deleted them . 
  do any mods show up under the `` mods '' section ? 
  as a possibly related problem , in-game ( not in-menu ) screenshots are now completely black for me . 
  i 'm not sure what happened . 
  did you try changing the sampling settings ? 
  the graphics were unplayably bad for me when i set the sampling rate to 0x . 
  setting it back to 4x fixed everything . 
  you might have to just accept the fact that the drivers for your card suck ass , and that the new version broke them . 
  this is why i was never able to play vic 2 until i got an actual windows install , because the vm i was using 's drivers sucked too hard to display the map properly . 
  if that is the case , then you can either raise the issue with paradox and hope they eventually patch it , or you can swap out your hardware . 
  relatedly , have you tried installing different drivers , if there are any ? 
  admittedly , the intel proprietary drivers are usually the best ones . 
  when you click on a province , in the pane that comes up , one of the buttons is the `` return province '' button . 
  usually clicking it will return the province to whomever you took it from ( if applicable ) , but if there 's a releasable nation there , it will instead instantaneously release them as an independent nation , and give them that province . 
  if there 's other provinces that the vassal has , you can `` return province '' those to them too . 
  this way , you can release entire independent nations yourself , without the bother of having to first release them as a vassal , and then end their vassalage a day later , which is only possible if you have decent prestige , and incurs a relations penalty . 
  why no cultural revolution ?
