  what does it do ? 
  hmm , i doubt ` tp_smapi ` is the problem either . 
  it only has marginally more to do with input than ` nvidia ` . 
  well , either way i 've installed the dkms version of it and i 'll see if that works . 
  thanks !, 
  ( ` tp_smapi ` is not essential , but not having it is n't fun either ; it allows me to read my battery life , for example . ), 
  yes and yes . 
  as a biologist , i want to crack open that rock and see whether there 's any archaea in there , so bad . 
  ( there probably are n't . ), 
  yeah , i 'm * that * horrible !, 
  i thought it was because pseudo is slang for pseudoephedrine anyway , and if you asked a street guy to spell it ( e.g. 
  badger or the other guy or jesse before he met walt ) then they 'd write `` sudo '' rather than `` pseudo '' . 
  sounded like you were implying all of them were bad . 
  if 8-year-old me can learn the central dogma from [ * the cartoon guide to genetics * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/cartoon-guide-genetics-updated-edition/dp/0062730991 ) , then so can your family . 
  one could argue that conceptually it should be pronounced `` ess you do '' . 
  certainly , i , at least , pronounce su alphabetically . 
  since that sounds dumber than `` soo dough '' , i can live with the latter . 
  i prefer the sweet middle ground of `` soo doo '' though . 
  so do you mix it up with fakeroot often ? 
  i thought it meant that china has apparently still not reached menopause . 
   as unlikely as nobody realizing that continuous exposure to the radioactive paint used at first in read-in-the-dark clocks and gear would be bad for the workers who spend all day painting said watches ( some licking the brushes to keep them pointy ) . 
   as unlikely as nobody realizing that the old water pipes drove many people crazy . 
  and if not the water pipes , then because the petrol at first had it as additive and covered the landscape with it . 
  these were because people actually did n't know that could happen . 
  historically , our biological knowledge lags horribly behind our physics knowledge . 
  compared to that , paint being flammable is obvious . 
   as unlikely as someone forgetting to tell someone else which is inches and which is millimeters for a mars lander that promptly crashed from the mixup . 
  actually , it was foot-pounds and joules they mixed up . 
  the result was the craft missed the whole planet . 
  jesus christ that was the stupidest fuck-up ever . 
  i interpreted / u/thelordofcheese 's post as meaning that it 's got other benefits besides safety ; if you did n't have the law in place , people might start occasionally climbing around the car and doing dumb things . 
  and of course there 's always the dumbest of the lot who would n't wear them anyways : teenagers , drunk youths , and drunk teenagers . 
  try reading * course of theoretical physics * by landau/lifshitz . 
  they derive everything they can . 
  ( this might be terrible advice . 
  i read this a decade ago . ), 
  the bottle thing was probably a joke . 
  the original scam ? 
  well , there 's probably some people out there who would fall for it !, 
  what is the email program russia has ? 
  unfortunately even with dkms versions installed of both tp_smapi and nvidia i still had to go through the whole ordeal . 
  ( strange : it does n't work if i reinstall using rescue mode . 
  it has to be the liveusb . ), 
  oh well i 'll see what else there is i can do !, 
  strange , my fstab does n't actually have an entry for my boot partition . 
  should i oh fuck me i 'm an idiot of course i should n't have an entry for that . 
  apparently i do n't even have a / boot/efi folder though , which is as it should be . 
  so i guess that 's not the problem . 
  there was that post where they had two parts to orbit . 
  they only pressed the spacebar once , and after that it was something about toggling the engine . 
  ( that was the trick for the two parts : even if a craft does n't have a command module , you can still toggle stuff like the engine . ), 
  the craft tipped over on its own , and they did a very interesting spiral ( ? ), 
  path upwards until they reached orbit . 
  for gaming , there is no reason to care about linux . 
  i am one of the very few whom linux actually benefits gaming-wise : the only pc game i play is kerbal space program , and having linux allows me to run it in 64-bit . 
  but generally , having windows is better for gaming than having linux , although linux still trumps mac , because of wine and the existence of games that are released for windows and linux but not mac . 
  if the only thing you use your computer for is gaming , use windows . 
  the benefits of linux lie elsewhere . 
  but that does n't make sense . 
  what 's the point of getting people to not believe it who would n't believe it anyway ? 
  but it 's latin ... :(, 
  word order in latin is infinitely malleable . 
  you could even have `` quaeris si peninsulam circumspice amoenam '' ; in fact , i think i saw a sentence with that word order somewhere in caesar once . 
  i love it !, 
  i did n't expect there to be such an even distribution ; then again the gap only grows logarithmically . 
  the columns though were expected ; after all , this is just the cartesian analogue to the polar ulam 's spiral , is n't it , roughly ? 
  it makes weird aliasing patterns when i resize it with res but i 'm not sure whether that 's res 's shitty interpolation at work or something interesting about prime numbers . 
  there is gypsy waiting outside house , to steal russia belongings !, 
  time cube ? 
  is ... is that you ? 
  edit : apparently people thought you meant metal gear ? 
  we know what they 're focusing on now though . 
  well ... he did !, 
  itt : common knowledge among latin students :, 
  - * circumspice * is a latin word, 
  - romans preferred to put the verb at the end, 
  - latin word order is malleable, 
  - vergil arranged words into pictures, 
  - vergil copied homer, 
  - vergil was called vergilius, 
  why is the hidden corner of israel drawn and not the stripes or back ? 
  does it look better that way ? 
  [ in chinese too apparently !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/1v6vfy/zambian_insults/cepmvmi ), 
  once i move to germany , i will introduce the fuck out of kerbal space program to them . 
  one of the only times i 've felt * really * sorry for romania . 
  so what , it 's not even okay to want to win ? 
  i would also be infuriated to see someone ask what the best whatever is in a chat , but it would be because using a consistent build rarely ever gets you anywhere . 
  generally , different equipment is good for different purposes , and chances are if you do the same thing , someone can counter it fast . 
  and i 'd have to patiently explain this in said chat . 
  but anyway , if they want to win , why is that bad ? 
  people play games for a lot of different reasons , and there 's no reason any of those should be * bad . 
  * ( and , anyway , what are the chances that this guy is going to win ? ), 
  there 's one situation in which i have found winning is bad , and it 's when you need to be nice to opponents who are worse than you at the game . 
  otherwise you 're being mean , and probably stopping them from improving . 
  the words are n't unnecessary . 
  they make it easier to understand . 
  the * station * docks to * it . 
  * ( cue roscosmos jokes ), 
  i 'll give give you `` in degrees '' .
