  you know , there * was * a sbahj flash ... 
  lrn 2 enlgish, 
  hamn , i was wrong about what word you left out . 
  i 'm too hipster to play mianhrcfart, 
  [ too fkicenun solw ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraftcirclejerk/comments/sniba/just_got_opped_on_this_server_ive_been_playing_on/ ), 
  seal liion clels, 
  they seriously segregate the bowling alleys ? 
  ~ ~ wait , how was joseph genocidal ? ~ ~ i am bad at christianity today . 
   before we fall asleep , we each take out our personal , leather-bound copies of the atheist agenda . 
  the atheist agenda is our bible . 
  we do not look at the real bible because we are atheist and therefore have no religion or morality . 
  we read and strategize how we can best destroy american society tomorrow . 
  sharing a good , hardy , atheist laugh , we each fall into a sound , atheist sleep . 
  they are people . 
  the only difference is that they are gay . 
  they are n't kissing , or in fact doing anything out of the ordinary for any other person . 
  what 's justified about staring at people ... * living * ? 
  they might as well be anyone , including you . 
  gog dammit , i accidentally clicked `` nope '' without reading the question first . 
  lookit what well over a decade of education has taught me . 
  aww , but commas are , like , the best fucking thing !, 
  they 're the closest we can get to actual parens delimiters in this language , oxford commas especially . 
  they were all absolutely absurb . 
  i once composed a scientific auxlang that had official delimiting particles , * de * and * re * . 
  they doubled as nonvulgar emphatics , which is something that i wish for in this language as well ( i mean seriously , how can i get roughly the same kind of emphasis as `` fucking [ something ] '' without using a curseword , like substituting '' [ something ] as shit '' ? 
  i really do n't think it necessarily needs to have to be indecent ) . 
  you told me , dog !, 
  i 'll forgive them eventually . 
  i. . . ca n't find t\u00dcv ? 
  specifically all of the ones as far down as you can bear to read . 
  edit : wait , exrepublisheep i think is on our side . 
  of course , of course !, 
  i just do n't appreciate occasionally being called names , and generalized about . 
  actually , name-calling is really a form of generalization . 
  i just really dislike being generalized about . 
  `` hey , a lot of the members of this group of people are dumb , so now i 'll refer to them as ` dumb [ group of people ] s ' ! '', 
  i also do n't like it when people use it as an excuse to feel superior . 
  `` lol check out what this christian is saying , it 's so amusing in the manner that the things five-year-olds say is amusing . 
  i am to a christian what an adult is to a five-year-old ! '', 
  all of these things apply to both sides , of course . 
  but obviously it hurts more when my group is the one that is being targeted . 
  it was about whether video game companies had really gone that far in making things so realistic . 
  someday , this is going to appear on naclo or iol . 
  then , i will cry and give up . 
  `` what part of speech is the phrase ` even go want ' substituting ? '', 
  [ read . 
  ( it 's part of the best webcomic on the face of earth ), 
  sure , just do n't take it as an excuse to feel inherently superior to us . 
  edit : [ see , this is what i 'm talking about . 
  do n't worry , that 's not why i am not an atheist !, 
  if i took that as a valid reason , i would scoot out of christianity faster than ... uh ... a neutrino ? 
  wow that was lame . 
  anyway , i have my own reasons for believing in a creator , and for following christian values ( however ill-defined they may be ) . 
  that 's absolutely absurb , there has to be a. . . 
  wait . 
  if i do n't believe that some of those events happened , am i still a christian ? 
  belittlement ? 
  why ? 
  it 's full of contradictions anyway . 
  ... why would i dismiss those ? 
  i 'm totally cool with it , man , unless there is objective physical proof against these things existing ( like unicorns : totally ca n't exist ) . 
  but it 's just another belief system ; it 's not like i have anything against it . 
  hell , i 'm even on board with those laveyan lhp-ers . 
  they certainly know what they want . 
  maybe this makes me a bad christian , but that 's cool with me . 
  i do n't think a religion should require you to think less of people and try to change them to fit that religion 's standards anyway . 
  it is not the type of dismissal that you describe . 
  i reject them for myself . 
  i do n't think less of , or make fun of , people that believe them . 
  sounds about right . 
  i do n't know much about every existing religion , this is true , but it would be hard to find one that would make me lose my respect for the people that practice it . 
  unconditional hate towards non-believers . 
  edit : actually , towards * anyone * . 
  are you kidding me homestuck fandom . 
  vandalizing wikipedia is bad !, 
  i lose my respect for the people who thought that that was okay . 
  i lose my respect for those forms of those religions as they were practiced . 
  i do n't lose my respect for the people who practice said religions now , in a ( mostly ; we ca n't avoid it ) hatred-free manner , nor those religions practiced in the same manner . 
  but , fuck the extremists who murder people . 
  seriously . 
  i do see from an atheist 's perspective !, 
  i swear !, 
  i get it . 
  the bible is a really inconsistent bunch of stories about things that could n't possibly happen , fraught with a bunch of nonsensical rules and views that its authors felt like putting in there . 
  i feel this way too !, 
  as a solution , i ignore the parts that are quite obviously outdated in favor of the parts that * make me keep being a christian * . 
  the parts that make me glad about people putting their pen to the paper , and writing about how they think a human being ought to act . 
  the parts that amaze me at how much * good * a religion can do . 
  i think it really helps to have these things written down !, 
  i think that 's what people have been doing for a while now . 
  ignoring tiny bits of the bible , because it just does n't add up anymore . 
  ask a christian , `` do you support brutally beating your children ? '', 
  they 'll say no , and if you tell them that there 's a bible passage supporting the inverse , i doubt they 'll change their views . 
  they 're totally ignoring the bible in * some * part then on . 
  someone should really rewrite the thing to be more relevant , without changing its messages . 
  well , the good ones anyway , which i have no right to define . 
  anyway , back to the point about the atheist view of the bible : i empathize with it . 
  it 's totally reasonable ; much more reasonable than believing the bible , i 'd think . 
  i just do n't understand why people have to be such dicks about it sometimes . 
  i understand christians even less when they do the same thing !,
