  i can speak czech , but not only would it be easier for me to pronounce \u0159 as r , but that is the * only * way i would have been able to pronounce it before learning how . 
  ( well , generally i would have tried to emulate it as `` r\u017e '' , but that was after hearing about the phoneme . 
  before hearing about it , i would have just said r. ), 
  he is widely considered the best ottoman sultan there ever was, 
  -- various turks , arabs , persians throughout history, 
  which makes all the nuclear malayo-polynesian languages disgusting and malformed . 
  proto-austronesian had a really great alignment system and you threw it all away !, 
  the first florents spoke proto-indo-european, 
  he did actually !, 
  take a look at the box labeled `` sultan of the ottoman empire '' in the infobox on [ mehmet 's wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mehmed_the_conqueror ), 
  holy crap , the first time i 've seen one of this pair of gifs posted without the other . 
  at the top of / r/all , too !, 
  krikkiters ? 
  although arguably if it were daleks , you would have said something about collectivism, 
  some days , i ca n't tell the difference between / r/chemistry and / r/labrats . 
  this is one of those days . 
  ( funny submission , though ), 
  yeah honestly being ungrateful is just bad manners . 
  my instinct is still to turn it down , though , similar to if they had offered food or medication . 
  is it really that fucking unimaginable that someone would say that seriously ? 
  honestly , it 's even good advice for when you 're in the company of people you trust , which is probably like 90 % of the time you 'll be offered drugs . 
  really , just fuck kipjak for not being familiar with reddit 's exact stance on drug use , right ? 
  more seriously , http://textfiles.com/ offers a very complete corpus of lots of random text files from the older internet . 
  also , the [ jargon file ] ( http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/index.html ) describes pre-eternal september hacker culture , dating back all the way to the 60s and 70s . 
  ( and i mean * hacker * culture , not cracker/warez culture that most people think of when they hear `` hacker '' . ), 
  joke 's on you , i have terrible eyesight so i did n't notice, 
  well , they 're certainly not individualists, 
  i believe it 's scandinavian actually, 
  ahh , the eu4 strategy, 
  i present : the birth of the idea of `` no sex before marriage '', 
  he is supposed to be populist , so yeah, 
  which is why [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/chemistry/comments/3sjrdn/_/ ) submission confused me even more as to which subreddit i was in, 
  i ... thought there were little switches in them , or something . 
  ah , so goth then, 
  what this explanation always makes me wonder is , if the shape of the stellarator solves this problem , why make tokamaks in the first place ? 
  only the fifth caliphate ? 
  jesus christ germany , step up your game, 
  i do this anyway , because how are you supposed to look at both eyes at once ? 
  it has n't got a higher than normal pitch ? 
  i 've never heard anyone use the proper restored classical pronunciation of it . 
  even latin teachers i 've only heard essentially read it out loud as though it were english/german/hungarian ( whatever their first language was ) . 
  i 've never ever heard anyone do , say , the nasalization or vowel reduction properly ( or at all ) . 
  that graph of cumulative loss will never `` plunge towards zero '' . 
  it 's cumulative . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  a graph of net loss might , if you reforested everything , but arguably it 's the virgin forest that counts , and the biggest reason loss has slowed is because settling has slowed . 
  in order to reforest , you 'd have to kick out the people who are already settled there , which will never work . 
   and i did n't mean that everyone who uses the classical pronunciation observes every detail of it . 
  then what 's the point ? 
  it 's not some minor `` detail '' , it 's how it was pronounced , and both changes i cited are very major ones ( affecting almost every syllable in an obvious way ) . 
  pronouncing a language differently from how it was pronounced 2,000 years ago is okay , but you do n't get to call it the classical pronunciation then . 
  i 've studied the culture of most siberian peoples and i 've never seen anything remotely like this . 
  whose is this supposed to be ? 
  ( i will say with 100 % certainty , it 's not samoyed . ), 
  edit : and the belt is n't woven , and it looks like the spikes are made of the same material as the clothes , which looks like some kind of * rubber ... * i 'm calling bullshit on this . 
  i 'd call it the `` spelling pronunciation '' , since it seems to be based on pronouncing each letter as its own phoneme ( arguably even in the case of the vowel digraphs , although it makes sense there ) . 
  and , come on , yeah sure , `` ca n't be expected to get every detail right '' , and i 'll give them the nasalization ( which really is n't hard , though ) , and the more obscure allophony rules like the differing pronunciations of `` qu '' in front of front vs back vowels , but you 'd expect them to at least do the vowel reduction . 
  it 's the one characterizing feature of the latin vowel system !, 
  and it 's only hard if your language does n't have some of the reduced forms of the vowels , but english does !, 
  why ? 
  corner kick is worse than outright control of the ball . 
  lots of the game was built on the premise that certain things , like self reference , are super cool and smart , when they 're only super cool and smart if you 're a teenager . 
  thinking something is super cool and smart , when it 's actually not that if you 're an adult , is usually called `` edgy '' . 
  tradition, 
  what do you mean ? 
  what we call the `` classical '' pronunciation of latin is the reconstructed pronunciation for the prestige variant how it was spoken a little less than 2k years ago . 
  we do n't call anything `` classical english '' because it 's not a term that 's in use . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i do n't care about it being authentic . 
  but what op said was that practically everybody either uses the ecclesiastical or classical pronunciation . 
  that 's extremely misleading . 
  what people use when they 're not using the ecclesiastical pronunciation is nothing like the classical pronunciation . 
  ( it 's incidentally also nothing like any dialect of vulgar latin , but that 's neither here nor there . ), 
  and the classical pronunciation refers to a particular pronunciation . 
  africa needs unique religions is the problem here imo, 
  it happened to me once , i think , but iirc some external program was causing the problem . 
  it 's probably not relavant to your case . 
  i did n't mean the onus was on you to solve the problem , lol . 
  paradox should finally make an africa dlc is what i 'm getting at . 
  alternia sounds like the kind of place with many casino towns, 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  hungary should be somewhere next to turkey ( and , really , other geographically close countries ) . 
  the philippines is ... nowhere to be seen . 
  do they count as anglophones ? 
  edit : no , wait , it 's based entirely on their test . 
  then i 'd chalk it up to response bias . 
  the average `` english speaker '' in hungary is terrible at english , and the fact that this does n't even loosely correlate with the portion of english speakers in a country makes it very suspect . 
  do n't you remember where dave was talking with aradia about cities , and aradia seemed to understand what they are ? 
  admittedly my impression of alternia has been elaborated some by fanfiction . 
  first song i 've heard telling me to go study, 
  0/10 did not change any of the emojis, 
  it is par for course in taglish , though , which is what i was speaking, 
  it 's bad , but it 's also the best and only of its kind , so good job !, 
  after listening to a wide variety of nightcore , i 've determined that it 's characterized by higher than normal pitch and not much else . 
  therefore alvin and the chipmunks could totally pass as nightcore ( if they bothered to identify as that , which they do n't ) . 
  caliborn is like the single least reliable source on that though, 
  as a hungarian speaker : everything 's similar to hungarian if you look hard enough , especially japanese, 
  but not ethiopia , which is kind of the whole point of being italian, 
  what does that event do ? 
  it 's the warsaw pact minus russia , belorussia , estonia , and maybe the rest of the baltic states .
