  sure !, 
  when you 're communicating , it can be possible to distinguish the ** topic ** and the ** comment . 
  ** the topic is the thing that you are currently discussing , and the thing that the sentence is about . 
  both you and the person you 're talking with should already know about the topic . 
  the comment , meanwhile , is whatever you 're saying about the topic . 
  the comment is new information ; if a part of the sentence is the comment , it is the thing that the listener might have expected to be something else . 
  english marks the comment or the topic sometimes , but not usually . 
  we still have examples to work with , though . 
  for example , consider the following pair of sentences :, 
  - my keys are * here . 
  - my * keys * are here . 
  here , the comment is getting marked with italics . 
  in the first sentence , my keys are * here , * as opposed to there , or in the car . 
  the sentence answers the question , `` where are my keys ? '', 
  in the second sentence , my * keys * are here , as opposed to my wallet , or my shoes . 
  the sentence answers the question , `` what 's here ? '', 
  do you see what the comment is now ? 
  here 's a pair of examples where the topic is marked instead :, 
  - as for joe , joe killed the rabbit . 
  - as for the rabbit , joe killed the rabbit . 
  whatever follows `` as for '' is the topic . 
  in the first sentence , it 's joe who killed the rabbit , as opposed to jim or tom . 
  the discussion before the sentence was probably about who did what . 
  in the second sentence , it 's the rabbit whom joe killed , not the goose or the duck . 
  the discussion before the sentence was probably about what happened to what game they were hunting . 
  this is critical , though : can you see how marking the topic conveys broader information than marking the comment ? 
  in the first pair , the only thing that changed with the comment was which part of the sentence was under question . 
  the scope of the comment was restricted to just that sentence , and maybe the one before it . 
  in the second pair , though , the entire context of the conversation changed !, 
  that 's why it 's called the topic . 
  and , since the topic is usually predetermined by the discussion at hand , it 's marked less often ( in languages in general ) than the comment . 
  you can infer it more easily . 
  the comment , however , directs how the conversation will flow forward , so many languages find it important enough to mark regularly . 
  ( what 's prominent in a language is n't actually necessarily what 's important to the speakers , mind you , but that 's another comment for another day . ), 
  note that marking the comment or topic will usually determine what the other is anyway ; if you mark the comment , then the topic is the entire rest of the sentence , and vice versa . 
  there 's gray areas , though . 
  i hope this cleared things up for you !, 
   full speed, 
  i wish :(, 
  you 're right , oops . 
  i tried to look for a way to fit more marking methods into the post , but it would have made it bloated . 
  grew up in rural hungary : no , no one i knew has ever done this, 
  today on reddit : hungarian animals are hairy, 
  it 's the same technique , ultimately . 
  you take shapes and translate them into electrical signals . 
  both projects required an understanding of how to use oscilloscopes , and neither of them were real-time , manual manipulation of the signal . 
  my 69-year-old grandmother still hunts sometimes . 
  mostly it 's just collecting mushrooms , though . 
  also we need bahai . 
  it was founded in persia in eu4 's timeframe . 
  there 's a map reveal bug , though , and the full points would make sense if he wanted to westernize . 
  how he conquered all that is beyond me though ; probably haxx, 
  oops . 
  i was , like , 4 centuries off . 
  coulda sworn either 1444 or 1544 . 
  thanks !, 
  it might have to do with the fact that nasrid is an extremely shitty ruler , especially militarily ( 1/1/0 ) . 
  maybe your effective army tradition when recruiting rulers as military leaders is whatever you have multiplied by their mil stat divided by three ? 
  but i had different results hiring my ruler as a general as sulu . 
  my sultan was 3/2/1 ( not sure about military skill ) . 
  i hired him a bunch of times ( ~ 20 times ? ), 
  with 0 army tradition , and the worst i got was 1 pip ( do n't know what category ) , and the best i got was 5/1/1 / 1 . 
  then i learned about the 100 army tradition exploit . 
  i hired him once , and i got 3/3/2 / 2 , which i 've seen for 100 army tradition rulers . 
  it 's got to have * something * to do with your army tradition . 
  that 's because the `` accumulate money '' mission needs to fire first . 
  basically just get at least 60 ducats ( mostly by lowering army maintenance ) , and then do the cheesy thing where you queue 6 armies , get the mission , and unqueue the 6 armies , all in the same day . 
  with this technique you should be able to fill out both missions in an alternating fashion . 
  the point of the money is so that you can hire enough troops , so that you can take away enough manpower to get the event . 
  some events have higher priority , though , but they 're usually easy , like `` insult our rival '' or `` the rival of our [ enemy ] '' . 
  if it 's the latter , do n't actually take the mission , just improve relations with them until it goes away ; that 's faster . 
  they 're proto-ukraine . 
  there 's a lot of ruthenian countries in eu4 since 1.8 , most notably galicia-volhynia and ruthenia . 
  they 're one of the several countries that tend to explode out of lithuania , like polotsk and kiev . 
  [ this one comes up clean ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d6qaich.png ), 
  hell , i just want gold . 
  i make too little money to be able to justifiably pay for it , and i love organizing my saved links . 
  it 's probably relatively good by global standards , but shitty from your perspective, 
  links to important things like news and blog posts from people in my profession . 
  unfortunately i spend way more time in threads like this one, 
  that just tells you its complexity , not its size, 
  the asiatic one actually appears among the ones the bot already has , and i parodied the `` i 'm getting a little tired '' one above . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i was just playing granada for fun as opposed to for glory , but the plan was to accumulate insane amounts of money , get insane amounts of mercs , ally morocco and tunis , and kick castile and portugal 's asses with my beautiful three-star general . 
  morocco and tunis pulled me into a war with all iberia in late 1447 , though , which on one hand was nice because peacing out added five years of truce , but it also spent all my money and certain amounts of admin . 
  what 's your strategy ? 
  do you annex tlemcen asap ? 
  i petitioned for all the secondary colors too !, 
  the programmer in me wants color-coded menus, 
  \\  not aspirating your stops at the beginnings of words, 
  what kind of degenerate dialect is this, 
   just say no, 
  you mean , say yes and steal your exploit !, 
  you need to have had a lot of exposure to horses , or have superi\u00f6r turkic genes, 
  this is called an [ echo vowel . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/echo_vowel ) it 's probably there because english does n't normally allow words to end in `` rg '' . 
  you mean / r/gonewild ? 
  but that does n't collapse into a bunch of smaller subreddits all the time ... that might be one of the banned hate subreddits like / r/niggers . 
  or since ming does n't disappear entirely when it collapses , it might be some other subreddit that underwent a huge schism some time ago ... / r/unidan ? 
  which reminds me , the satire subreddits are the hre .
