  i think this last power is all that she would 've gotten had she not prototyped with bec , which is entirely reasonable for god-tiering . 
  le 's case is similar , although again his godtiering is just a theory . 
  it can be assumed that he has all of jade 's powers , minus maybe the scaling , since he plausibly inherited doc scratch 's first guardian powers . 
  however , he seems to have enough energy to rip apart the fabric of spacetime . 
  the energy required to do that is theoretically infinite . 
  and also therefore utilizable at infinite power . 
  imagine having infinite amounts of energy to hand out . 
  you could accelerate things to exactly the speed of light . 
  you could think , and implode entire solar systems in eyeblinks . 
  ( not anything much bigger , though , since you 're still restricted to the speed of light . 
  what you could do that is n't a solar system is a nebula . 
  the orion nebula is about 2,000 times the mass of our sun , and about 24 light-years across . 
  it would take 12 years to condense it to a point , but what 's 12 years to the lord of time ? 
  then it would explode into something resembling a star , but somewhat less than 2,000 times more massive . 
  a [ black hole the size of earth ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intermediate-mass_black_hole ) , maybe . ), 
  you could also instantaneously fill the universe with matter , up to its bursting point . 
  i 'm sure you can get much more creative with this . 
  the point is , jade is a goddess and le is a god . 
  it does n't get much more op than this . 
  by the way , 4 \u2022 10 ^ 69 joules is enough to raise the temperature of 10 ^ 66 liters of water by one degree . 
  that much water occupies as much space as a cube with a side length of one quintillion kilometers ( conveniently a round 621 quadrillion miles ) , or a sphere of a radius of 621 quadrillion kilometers , a volume about 2.2 times that of the milky way . 
  ( by the way , a cube with a side length of n miles will have about the same volume as a sphere of radius n km . 
  this is because the cube root of four pi over three is about 1.611 , while the conversion rate from miles to kilometers is about 1.609 . ), 
  thanks !, 
  man , how did i not know about this ? 
  did you look at it ? 
  it hardly even looks like a smiley face , let alone anything related to gamzee . 
  thanks !, 
  but i still feel like i assumed too much . 
  water is known to be pretty much incompressible , but it compresses some , does n't it ? 
  also , i 'm not sure whether a nebula is made of the same material as a star , although it would make sense because stars like to form in nebulas . 
  lastly , i do n't know whether getting your power from the green sun entitles you to its entire mass-equivalence of energy . 
  there has to be some sort of failsafe that prevents you from burning the whole thing up and destroying it . 
  if there is n't , all jade has to do is put all of the sun 's energy into a tiny clump of particles and fling them at relativistic speeds at jack . 
  he should n't be protected by the sun 's energy anymore , so he 'll just die in a [ huge nuclear chain reaction ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/1/ ) . 
  she does n't have to be physically present to do it , so this would totally be a solution . 
  but that depletes a major weapon that they could 've used against le . 
  ne * pe * two , no ? 
  that 's true , too . 
  but there 's so many other things that the same dangers would apply to that are much less dangerous on the whole . 
  by the way , what does cesium tea taste like ? 
  explosions , with a metallic tang ? 
  sadly , my geometry exam in ninth grade amounted to a 4 ( a b ) , because i accidentally skipped a page . 
  are n't there trace amounts of that in cigarettes ? 
  conservative . 
  the tie does n't look very high-quality , though : cotton , not silk . 
  thanks !, 
  i learned this when i was , like , four years old , and had n't bothered to check it since , so i was n't completely sure whether i had been fed a completely inaccurate baby-version or i was actually told the truth in my formative years for once . 
  i 'm betting more that he 'll rip off jade 's banner , if things were to take that sort of turn of events . 
  or , alternatively , and more likelily , just softly grasp it . 
  i think it may have been a rhetorical question . 
  this was already shown in [ s ] seer : descend . 
  how dare you not take hours to explore every damn inch of the castle ? 
  ( i do n't blame you ; i did n't have much to do that day ), 
  do n't count your frogs before they 've hatched ... 
  he could still stab them . 
  it sounds similar to eversion , but it 's not it . 
  man , i 'd like to play this . 
  i 'm glad you like it !, 
  he seemed enthusiastic about bashing that guy 's head into the wall far foo many times . 
  ... your * face * is a fractal . 
  are n't there , like ... * better * things you could be doing with an mri ? 
  that thing 's practically magic . 
  ( not that i do n't appreciate the great gifs . ), 
  is there a compilation of these somewhere ? 
  it 's been an hour !, 
  panic !, 
  ( for future reference , it said `` go kill yourself '' . ), 
  no , i do n't mean the numbered list . 
  i mean lne that includes this one . 
  i really only need it for fractions . 
  i have a splint and some elastic . 
  edit : now i 'm in a cast . 
  hahahaha !, 
  finally a panel colorful enough to distract the reddit thumbnail algorithm from the troll symbols !, 
  victoryyyyyyyyyyyy !, 
  [ romatic sign ] ( / dunkass ), 
  wait ... what ? 
  where did they grow up/go to elementary school ? 
  also , the one called `` tri-tone '' is nothing of the sort . 
  i ' b greek catholic . 
  we use the same cross as the eastern orthodox guys , though . 
  i put it into the box next to `` save flair '' . 
  it formatted poorly because the flair system was reengineered for all these different crosses , not anything involving text . 
  i have one . 
  hungary . 
  must be . 
  after this is done once , * k * is put into * p * , and wiped clean , and the process repeated , and i do n't know why but every time i 've run this it was almost a straight decrease . 
  calling it now : it 's one of those tiny metal tops from inception . 
  i know , i 'm currently studying there . 
  does it skip e so that an f could be a * f * ailing grade ? 
  or atmospheric noise . 
  but yeah , i think my rng is shot . 
  you can say le is his reincarnation . 
  sort of . 
  are you supposed hrac , rahc , hcra , or rhac ? 
  makes sense , then . 
  this was a question in the reddit q&a , and hussie said he does n't want to answer it yet , just let us draw our own conclusions . 
  expected value of * k * . 
  we never saw nepeta die .
