  how about karazhan ? 
  people were disappointed with the adventure * and * lamented the fact that shaman was the only tier 1 class . 
  wotg did n't really reach that level of salt . 
  maybe msog did n't quite reach it either . 
  the `` ee '' sound at the end of `` eighty '' and `` ninety '' blends into the `` ee '' sound at the beginning of `` ies '' . 
  hence , `` eighties '' and `` nineties '' . 
  it 's just a different writing convention ( not sure who actually uses it apart from this guy , though ) . 
  shadowflaming a poisonous minion to clear board completely makes sense , if you interpret `` its attack damage '' in the card text as referring to the damage itself ( which is poisonous ) rather than just the numerical amount of the damage . 
  the most intuitive form of the spell , given the card text , is it directly copying the attack damage from the minion , along with whatever properties the damage has , and applying it to all the enemy 's minions . 
  like you said , you can use similar logic for blade flurry . 
  that is a different context . 
  that question is obviously asking for the number of the damage ( although i 'd still honestly be tempted to qualify with `` but it 's poisonous '' ) , because that 's how you ask for the value of attack damage . 
  the relevant question is , `` what does emperor cobra deal when it deals attack damage ? '', 
  it deals 2 damage , but that 's not the end of the story . 
  no , that 's a different distinction entirely , buffed attack vs base attack . 
  it 's not specified which one it 's dealing , but it would confuse less people to have the one on the board , i.e. 
  the buffed attack . 
  i see where you 're coming from , though , since you * would * get the base attack if the minion were moved to the graveyard before the attack were copied , and that 's the most literal interpretation of the card ( even if probably not the most intuitive ) . 
  but you do n't have to implement the card that way ; you can copy , destroy , and deal , in that order . 
  the attack being from a past state of the minion rather than the post-destruction state is a minor caveat in that case : `` destroy a minion and deal its ( current ) attack damage to all enemy minions . '', 
  i think they meant closet homosexual ? 
  not necessarily , bec has been known to fetch bullets she did n't even fire at him . 
  ca n't remember where though , may have been a paradox space comic . 
  holy crap , miegakure is still in development ? 
  i thought it was never going to be finished for a while now . 
  which is both content and tone !, 
  but in context it 's because everyone else in the reply chain wrote it . 
  no , it 's definitely in fahrenheit , unfortunately . 
  thanks , that is very strange . 
  the instructions in the manual say essentially what i did last time , except they give 2 hours rather than 4 . 
  one interesting thing in there is that a `` possible reason for unsatisfactory results '' is that the vacuum was incomplete . 
  the vacuum packer at my parents ' is older than i am , and i was having a lot of trouble using it . 
  i believe i ended up with a vacuum seal , though , just maybe not `` 99.8 % '' , as they put it . 
  reddit has made sure i will never get a cat . 
  the american models consistently display fahrenheit , sadly . 
  i 've never been brave enough to go into the settings to see whether it can be changed . 
  what kind of thinkpad ? 
  they changed the keyboard between the xx20 and xx30 series , and the older one is generally considered better . 
  i even went so far as to [ buy an xx20 keyboard and stick it in my t430 , ] ( http://www.thinkwiki.org/wiki/install_classic_keyboard_on_xx30_series_thinkpads ) and i 'm really happy with it . 
  ah , at the very end , that wedge bot !, 
  the battlebots meta is leaking :(, 
  sap/vanish will also do it . 
  or `` 10 mana : set a hero 's health to 1 . '', 
  so that you ca n't just deal 1 face damage earlier in the game ( although thaurissan/innervate/prep / etc still work ) . 
   idk about murlocs, 
  murloc paladin is a thing , so definitively no . 
  i picked lnl but immediately felt bad for not picking tracking . 
  you go through three draws for 1 mana , and the draw quantity is not overpowered to the point that it makes face hunter oppressively viable !, 
  and it comboes well with lnl !, 
  going through as many draws as possible to draw the right thing is crucial for any control deck . 
  they are both cool cards . 
  it is unfortunate for lnl about the `` cheap '' cards , though . 
  you had to thaurissan your hand to make that happen , and even then , you had things like explosive shot costing 4 mana . 
  just garbage . 
  hunter needs a radiant apprentice of some sort to make that happen ( a 2 mana 2.5 / 2.5 i guess ) . 
  because you wanted to experience the historical version !, 
  really shoulda filled the balloons with mineral oil, 
  did you read the article ? 
  the name `` polish plait '' and related names were invented by those who were racist towards poles in the 17th and 18th centuries . 
  admittedly , the article does state that it enjoyed the most popularity as an actual hairstyle in poland , but it 's mostly a medical condition , and the person in the picture probably just was n't able to care for their hair properly , rather than anything to do with early modern era poles . 
  i mean , there is definitely a lot to be said for confidence . 
  if he really thought that showing the jury his dick would convince them that his dick is crooked , i 'd totally believe him . 
  he figured out orbital hybridization , and later on he was part of the generation of biochemists who predicted alpha helices and beta strands as the two core protein structural motifs . 
  kinda makes up for endorsing alternative `` medicine '' . 
  i have also heard `` do n't shit where you eat , '' but it sounds unnecessarily vulgar to me . 
  the total incoming energy . 
  this is pretty impressive compared to plants , which hover around 5 % . 
  but alongside them some famous innovations have become huge , like li-ion batteries . 
  to be fair , modern tires have a hell of a lot of engineering put into them . 
  the axle behind your back tires has changed a whole lot less , although there 's innovations regarding that too . 
  no , the opposite , a quarter as much . 
  plants , compared to solar panels , suck four times as much at capturing sunlight 's energy . 
  ah , that sounds like the opposite of what they said . 
  well , given the complicated nature of the relationship between intake of a single nutrient and plant growth , you 'd not get anywhere near 4x crop yield . 
  you 're better off putting the plant on some equivalent of steroids , but i can not speak to what that may be , as it falls outside my expertise . 
  ( one thing that can be done is [ inducing polyploidy , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polyploid#crops ) which is standard practice for a few types of crops . ), 
  having upstairs neighbors in a flat can be annoying because you can hear [ every weird thing they do . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/4irb0sxw-yu ) in a college town , there is a good chance that this sometimes includes throwing loud parties , although that 's usually reserved for next door ( where the students are likely renting the whole house ) rather than upstairs . 
  a question on the flipside : are your neighboring coyotes so distinctive that you can keep track of them individually ? 
  lower tier than zoolock lul, 
  to be fair , one does not need to go further than arena to find a meta where warriors are garbage and priest is one of the best classes . 
  if we have a constructed meta where that happens , the feeling will be familiar . 
  like , they use reddit live for breaking news and developing events ... and the apple wwdc ? 
  without even writing `` apple '' next to it ( not sure if that 's to avoid advertising apple , or just a poor design choice ) ? 
  i am generally skeptical of accusations of shilling , but this sub was the first thing i thought of when they put apple 's frickin expo in the same news box they usually put terrorist attacks in . 
  i mean it 's not fully featural , i.e. 
  with every design choice motivated by phonology , but op 's clearly got some motifs in there that encode phonological stuff , most obviously the single line used to represent voicing in fricatives and trills . 
  there 's also the fact that all of the rotationally symmetric consonant glyphs are fricatives or suprasegmentals ( the `` empty '' or `` repeat '' glyphs ) . 
  and harsh rule on 5 !, 
  wow !, 
  maybe it would see some play if icaria were n't a card . 
  this one little gamemaker game called * an untitled story * ( by the same guy as who made ogmo ; you may remember him as a very useful playable character in * super meat boy * ) . 
  i do n't think it was the first metroidvania i ever played , but i loved that game , and metroidvanias are now my favorite genre . 
  it was unexpected , because it was such an obscure game and i was n't really expecting anything . 
  i think i learned about it from someone 's youtube lp of it ? 
  anyway , gamemaker games are broken on modern windows , so you have to emulate a win 7 or earlier computer to play it properly . 
  oh yeah also * undertale . 
  * never cared about characters in a game so much before . 
  i only played it because i was a * homestuck * fan and heard our boy , toby `` not called radiation anymore '' fox , was making a game . 
  turns out he can write a very moving rpg .
