  it has happened before that i have run out of them . 
  then i put on bach . 
  if he were to run out , then i 'd put in beethoven 's piano sonatas , which would last the whole goddamn day . 
  i do n't remember either , just some grevious punishment for `` carrying chinese seed '' . 
  and , of course , detonate a nuke underground . 
  that is , fling a shit-ton of stone with an atom smasher in a cavern ? 
  who * writes * these ? 
  like , who has the * motivation * ? 
  just , what ? 
  edit : woops , i are guilty of not reading article !, 
  turns out that she never received threats by letter . 
  it was phone calls !, 
  great , now i sound like a prick . 
  portal is getting old !, 
  i have finished the first game liek five times already , even the bonus levels , and i 've finished the second game twice on both singleplayer and multiplayer with dlc each !, 
  ... did that do anything ? 
  karma , replies , and incredulity . 
  i am actually working on a terrain generator for a version of sburb !, 
  it 's nowhere near done yet , though , so much less sburb . 
  you play as yourself , and there is a gm ( named skaia ) . 
  it 's not that bad , just it 's incomplete and misleads people into thinking that they are pronouncing it correctly . 
  personally , i think they should teach ipa in middle school . 
  i loved braid , and imagined this guy to be more humble . 
  not exactly . 
  sophomores are generally less wise than freshmen . 
  edit : ask any teacher who teaches both !, 
  * people * make a mistake by * generalizing * about it . 
  but this particular person is n't ; rather , he is just reporting this generalization . 
  i prefer to just create models . 
  minecraft is a really good medium for that . 
  waksman 's last year : `` okay , so the ip for our visual rna database is ... '', 
  actually , the athletic institution is completely separate from the rest of it . 
  they ca n't outright `` increase the budget '' to it . 
  so , is the solution to remove these laws , or to patch them ? 
  wow , way to go for putting this into words !, 
  i could n't put my finger on exactly why i hated that subreddit so much , but there you go . 
  they have insulted me ( as a christian ) time and time again , and it was getting really hard to bear . 
  maybe everyone just likes having someone to feel superior to ? 
  ( almost wrote '' ... just needs having ... '' until i realized that that ca n't possibly be correct ) specifically , likes two things , in this order :, 
  feeling superior to most of the people around them, 
  being able to feel superior in said manner with a group of people, 
  huh . 
  although i have known to the contrary , i have always seen mercury to have been depicted as a dark red of sorts . 
  or maybe just my memory sucks . 
  ... go on . 
  but , is quake * free * ? 
  ( honest question ; i am not in a position to research it at the moment . ), 
  is moving out not a viable solution ? 
  that 's what i 'm doing . 
  does n't capitalism work * because * of the economic divide ? 
  there 's still lots of potential for jake to be lord english here . 
  was john immune to witnessing really fucked up shit ? 
  and english in particular because pool . 
  i figured it was a game construct ? 
  that 's because poor jake still does n't get it . 
  by far ... close second ... \\* contradiction absorber explodes *, 
  ( human ) derse dreamers is a better name for them . 
  wow . 
  please excuse me while i go play it . 
  no , very uninformed at best . 
  actually , i might delete the post because it is so stupid . 
  edit : deleted it ; could n't stand it . 
  nope . 
  the aspect `` perfect '' relates to an event happening * before * a specified tense . 
  so , the present perfect is happening at a point before the present , as in `` i have drunk '' . 
  the past perfect is happening at a point before the past , as in `` i had drunk '' . 
  the future perfect is happening before the future ( but after the present ) , as in `` i will have drunk '' . 
  comprende ? 
  i suppose , technically true ... first create the particles and energy you utilized to make , transmit , and maintain the webcomic . 
  all of it ? 
  even suprasegmentals and that sort of stuff ? 
  calling any group of people you disagree with the '' - tards '' instantly invalidates your argument , no matter how well-reasoned . 
  they have a book ? 
  i was joking about it actually invalidating the argument . 
  really , it 's just really pretentious and never a thing that anyone should do . 
  i was saying that any instance of someone calling a group with whom they disagree '' - tards '' makes said person pretentious . 
  it is childish and unfairly debases every individual member of that group . 
  it is fine to call me a `` tard '' if you disagree with me personally , but do n't do that to such a huge number of people whom you have no basis in reducing in such a way . 
  disagreeing with them and disliking them for holding the opinion that you disagree with is also reasonable , just do n't squash them into a demeaning paradigm . 
  i 'm subscribed to [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) , and i 'm christian . 
  it 's not very fun . 
  i watched a discovery channel special featuring the inventor on this once . 
  apparently the signal degrades very heavily with amplitude . 
  oh , i unsubscribed from those right from the start . 
   it just was n't in my area of interest . 
  i think your downvote was because someone thought you were referring to op . 
  edit : rather , what he means is that unjokes must be prefaced by real jokes to be funny . 
  \\  20 times as much as history class ? 
  damn , i was hoping for something less opaque . 
  proceed to dissect !, 
  also , i would kill for that `` experience '' . 
  good lord , how can everyone acknowledge what a huge problem this is and not do a thing to change it ? 
  geromy represents the condesce, 
  i was talking about the entire education system in general , though . 
  but your brief words on how plays a role is quite facepalm-worthy as well . 
  sometimes i think the only way the world can get better is abolishing completely , as opposed to trying to keep it from corrupting everything it touches . 
  edit : holy crap i thought i was in [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) . 
  whoa . 
  donald glover . 
  the batterwitch had him assassinated , though .
