  edit : khanty-mansiysk is said to be built on seven hills , so it kinda fits ? 
  regardless of what designation dan ends up using , i really like the one floated here a couple months ago , `` witch hunter '' . 
  nice compilation !, 
  everybody 's talking about red being ooc , but i dunno . 
  i ca n't think of anything she 's done that 's mutually exclusive with her being able to come to these sorts of conclusions . 
  so far we 've mostly seen her having fun , and interacting with other ( former ) forest-dwellers in the strange way that they do with each other . 
  this does n't really rule out her occasionally being able to be serious , especially when she 's recently been through two stressful incidents ( rescuing jeanne , and giving ayilu her name ) . 
  they already met , whether it 's vonnie or thomas . 
  vonnie probably is n't eager to introduce herself as leviathan to kim , anyway . 
  generally not out of the box , though . 
  wottif i 'm red-green colorblind, 
  itt : accents from britain are `` retarded '', 
  good job , reddit . 
  why ? 
  they happen before episode iv in their entirety . 
  notice the `` 20 '' in the bottom right corner . 
  this is how many points ( `` loyalty counters '' ) he has . 
  each turn he is in play , you may activate him once , choosing one of the options . 
  this changes his number of points by the number next to the option you chose ( so choosing the middle one would make it go down from 20 to 15 ) . 
  you ca n't choose an option he does n't have enough points for , so on playing him you would n't be able to select the bottom option . 
  but you could go with the top one the first turn and the bottom one the second turn . 
  the points are also his health . 
  enemies can choose to swing at your face , or at your planeswalker . 
  if his points go down to zero , he dies . 
  edit : another special thing about this card : its tribe is `` douchebag '' instead of `` planeswalker '' . 
  there is a rule that only one planeswalker with the same name may be in play at one time , but there is no such rule for douchebags . 
  hmm , wait , wiktionary says it really is used to mean [ an installment set between two of its predecessors . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/interquel ) so then , pedantically , the two latter prequels really would be interquels . 
  but taking groups of movies together , the prequel trilogy as a whole is a prequel to the original trilogy , whereas the rogue one-type standalones are an interquel set to the first two trilogies . 
   e : s, 
   ( ** sv , ** en ), 
  your flair agrees with your punctuation conventions . 
  not quite a fault , more like a known undesirable property that they figured they were just going to roll with instead of not building the plane at all . 
  it 's not like they only figured out that it ca n't recover from spins really late in the design process and decided to strap on parachutes ; it 's a trade-off that they knew they had to make , and were comfortable making , since it 's still a completely usable plane with it . 
  edit : that said , a plane that costs as much as this one should n't have this sort of problem with it . 
  but it exists , because there 's a market for it . 
  in hungarian , we use hyphens to bind endings to words that do n't naturally inflect , such as words from other languages written out in that language 's writing system ( as opposed to just plain loanwords , which make up most of our words ) . 
  it was interesting to see that our language cousins , the finns , use a different convention . 
  people still say `` mountain dew '' out loud , though . 
  historians purposely try not to speculate about counterfactuals , since everything is very complicated and involves a lot of randomness . 
  this post being shown as stating something that would have likely happened if hitler had gotten access to nuclear bombs makes me very uneasy as well . 
  my welcome, 
  do n't you dare bring the united states into this !, 
  uh , i mean ... whichever country this is from . 
  force of the wild : 9 mana , summon three huffers and you gain +2 attack this turn . 
  the huffers die at the end of your turn . 
  edit : and discard a card . 
  thanks for reminding me . 
  edited . 
  n'zoth will eventually completely break wild , along with barnes and maybe singleton-requiring cards . 
  just you wait . 
  well , silence priest loses 4 mana 7/7 this rotation . 
  so , it can only get deader . 
  or 6 to tutor :(, 
  stealth . 
  deadly shot op, 
  that 's the ultimate universe . 
  different timeline . 
  naw , it 's a * starter * pack . 
  not an expert pack . 
  the ultimate timeline is a more dickish timeline than 616 , though . 
  it 's kind of unfair to use it as an example of x-men dickery . 
  what if it shuffled three copies of itself into your deck instead , would that be balanced ? 
  also yinz . 
  imagine gollum being from philly, 
  edit : although then you open yourself up to the teacher going , `` dialectal words are n't real words ; the only english that counts is the standardized one they speak on the news '', 
  ... convergent evolution for a social species ? 
  a magical origin as a cursed mammalian species ( like the naga ) ? 
  it * is * really strange, 
  they also had smartphones in that movie before they were invented !, 
  i wanted one really badly , and was later overjoyed when they actually started existing . 
  there 's apparently a transfinite number of timelines in the marvel multiverse ( a really big kind of infinity ) . 
  the one most of the stories take place in happens to have the ridiculously low designated number of 616 . 
  i 'm not sure who comes up with these numbers , in-universe . 
  just 'cause it ends in s , it has to be a plural of a countable noun ? 
  i have some * news * for you ... 
  pannonian , like the gypsy language ? 
  or what is it ? 
  seems to be a romlang related to romanian ? 
  also , nice touch translating even the reddit, 
  fair point , but as someone who likewise thinks of / x / when reading it , i wan na ask : what do you think of when you read `` x '' ? 
  prolly / ts /, 
  but it could just as well be an uncountable noun that happens to end in s. `` i could go for some news '' passes this litmus test , for example . 
  but yeah your phrasing would make it more likely that someone asks `` what 's upgamers '' rathern `` what 're upgamers '' . 
  edit : to be fair , though , the s in `` news '' comes from a plural , even if it does n't any longer indicate one . 
  an example where the s is completely unrelated to being plural is `` i could go for some hummus '' . 
  three . 
  three news . 
  well , in that particular case , the reasoning is incorrect ; the universe is expanding , so we can see things even 30 billion ly away . 
  wait , if it 's pronounced / q / , why 's it written with ghayn instead of qof ? 
  damn sound changes , messin up persian orthography, 
  farsi ; that first letter , \u067e , does n't exist in arabic ( since arabic has no p sound ) . 
  fair enough , but it 's not urdu . 
  to be fair , water vapor is a greenhouse gas . 
  not really the one we should be worried about , though ... 
  is n't it supposed to have an indentation in its head to hold water ? 
  jesus , frogs so rarely know what they 're doing, 
  i think that would be lookamancy . 
  ah come on dude , that 's quite a lot of assumptions . 
  maybe dave is from new jersey or something .
