  oh , also , do n't tell erdo\u011fan . 
  in hungary , we are good at math and love pizza hut . 
  what more do they want ? 
  we do have mind-reading organs , they 're our ears . 
  and our thought transmitters are our mouths . 
  and i can confirm , people suck at transmitting songs . 
  well , whatever it is , it 's not very interesting, 
  am from carpathian basin ( hungary specifically ) . 
  i know the feel of producing terrible pop music . 
  every single song on the radio here sounds exactly the same , and barely has lyrics . 
  we were the ones , for example , responsible for `` dragostea din tei '' ( which is romanian ) and indirectly the ones responsible for the `` gummy bear song '' ( which was first released in hungary ) . 
  what is some typical terrible vietnamese music ? 
  excuse me , but erotic eskimo literature is * important *, 
  but is n't `` freeman '' horribly misspelled ? 
  there 's no meem , for starters , and the body of the ya looks like a ` ayin . 
  so , a two-dotted ` ayin in this font is `` eem '' ? 
  but how does it scan ? 
  i see a counterclockwise hook , with two dots under it , which looks like it 's preceded by a \u0631 and succeeded by a \u0646 . 
  are the two dots supposed to represent the \u06cc and the hook supposed to represent the \u0645 ? 
  i see . 
  is there a name for this kind of handwriting ? 
  also pigs , although maybe that 's only asian elephants, 
  what is context, 
  the imgur hate on reddit is really weird . 
  i can understand disliking a community for being completely cancerous and for disliking your community , as reddit does with 9gag , but every time imgur hate comes up , there 's invariably a bunch of highly-upvoted comments like `` it 's so weird , they 're completely oblivious to the fact that imgur 's sole purpose is to be reddit 's image hosting website . '', 
  i mean yes , it was created for that , but where do they think the fully-fledged social media interface came from ? 
  it just grew there ? 
  is `` tsar '' with slavic spelling, 
  the other shoe will drop later , do n't worry . 
  the characters seem to have either forgotten about it or not care about it, 
  i have been on this sub for about 5 minutes and i was expecting the comment you replied to to be at the top . 
  this sub is incredibly predictable, 
  like the star wars prequels . 
  it 's the order the database can fastest retrieve them , which is generally the order in which they were put in . 
  wait , but that should n't work . 
  the two keys at your index fingers on home row are attached sideways , or at least they were in 2008 . 
  matlab , r , and i think mathematica ? 
  most modern scientific computing software , that 's for sure . 
  it 's not inherently worse or anything . 
  ( there 's been articles arguing about this for 50 years now . ), 
  sorta . 
  the \u011f used to be the velar approximant , and nowadays mostly just takes on a vocalic value , like you said . 
  in some places it still behaves like a consonant , though , like after consonants , and in really old peoples ' mouths . 
  honestly though , american vernacular and british vernacular are still far closer to each other than yiddish and german , and the standardized dialects are far closer yet . 
  now , english and scots ... 
  it 's notes and they suck, 
  but is n't western classical tradition encouraged in china ? 
  or is that just chinese immigrants ? 
  aspirated stops that are n't alveolar . 
  they just come out as affricates . 
  even my unvoiced aspirated alveolar stop is really affricate-y , it 's just harder to notice because the alveolar fricative is usually a sibilant rather than a regular fricative . 
  aspirated clicks . 
  is n't the airflow somehow contradictory for those ? 
  the `` kp '' and `` gb '' coarticulated consonants . 
  the bilabial trill , somehow . 
  that one flap in pirah\u00e3 , not that it really matters . 
  many vowels , although for every language they 're different to an extent . 
  there 's a bunch more phonemes i just ca n't hear the difference between , such as every click and most front-ish close-ish vowels . 
  i 'm also in the weird position of being able to auditorily tell the difference between / h / , the unvoiced epiglottal fricative , and the unvoiced uvular fricative , but whenever i try to do the epiglottal one it sounds like one of the other two . 
  but ... none of those languages are genetically related . 
  ( although phonemes typically * are * areal features . 
  although i 'm not aware of a velar approximant in arabic . ), 
  which ones ? 
  as far as i 'm aware yiddish is basically only spoken in the us and the jewish autonomous oblast nowadays . 
  seconded . 
  they might be somewhere inside the furniture . 
  what 's wrong with replying to really old comments ? 
  it 's one of the best features of reddit . 
  ( that said , * cloud atlas * the book is fantastic imo . 
  have n't seen the movie , but screw the haters . ), 
  it 's not , sadly . 
  not to be confused with nautiluses , which are a different mollusc altogether but frequently look similar . 
  i mean , tails are a continuation of the spine , so there 's only one obvious answer, 
  dear god i just want all the complaining to stop, 
  i hate these articles so , so , much . 
  i do n't like trump at all , but there 's like fifty angles from which you can explain how this analysis is completely irrelevant to anything you could possibly care about . 
  but nooo , everyone 's going to go , `` hahahaha what a moron he is !, 
  everyone knows everyone who talks kind of like an 11 year old on tv is basically an 11 year old in every way . 
  people should n't talk like 11 year olds on tv , they should talk like politicians usually do !, 
  you know , because it shows that they were educated in the same way other politicians were . 
  i 'm glad * i * do n't talk like that . '', 
  also , this post is still kind of dumb too , because i doubt that the people who produced the analysis just used these online reading level testers , unless they were just overworked journalists . 
  come to think of it , i doubt there 's a real linguist on this planet who gives a shit , so that 's actually likely . 
  but anyway , even if the analysts did use this kind of tester , all you 've shown is `` garbage in , garbage out '' . 
  clearly the algorithm is n't meant to be used on urls . 
  that explains everything . 
  as a hungarian , i thought , `` wow , that looks nothing like czech traditional clothing nowadays . 
  i wonder what happened . '', 
  guide to pie charts :, 
  do n't . 
  oh my god , * that 's * what i 've been doing wrong . 
  ( broken window fallacy ), 
  huh , you can tell they 're not totally randomly-but-evenly distributed , they form rows and things . 
  cool . 
  i * knew * there were a few countries most of whose provinces were independent for a time before being assimilated , and was struggling to remember whether the usa was one of them . 
  singapore and cantonese stir fry . 
  my extended family and i have collectively been trying to create good stir fry for years , and we all suck at it . 
  our stir fry is terrible . 
  one day , however , i cracked the code , and now i am the star . 
  it is me , because i can make delicious stir fry now , and nobody else even dares try now , even though they 'd probably get it if i showed them how i do it .
