  damn , that last one is hilarious . 
  ... i do n't get it . 
  was that poster then implying that the limebloods were killed so that their blood could be used as a food additive ? 
  i do n't know , what is that ? 
  ( ca n't google ; about to sleep ), 
  so the theory was that lime green blood contains sopor ? 
  that 's kinda dumb ; i thought that it was that the limebloods had placation-based powers . 
  perfect . 
  now , so , what you need to do is :, 
  - put each item in terms of the six variables that describe them , from 000 to 999 ( if you leave any out , then they 're automatically 499 ), 
  - come up with a short text description for each , to be inserted into the text description of the planet when its description is generated, 
  - come up with a series of tags for these using the tag system , to rule out impossibke combinations, 
  i am also in a hurry so i do n't have any more time , bye !, 
  it ... got blown up by the tumor , did n't it ? 
  a sun as massive as two universes * has * to reach at least that far , does n't it ? 
  ... it 's not as big as you make it out to be . 
  it 's radically possible to contain the whole thing in your mind . 
  i know i can do it , and i 've seen other people do it ; do you really think its * author * ca n't ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  we already know that act 6 was n't planned at the very beginning . 
  b1 was destroyed . 
  they might exist elsewhere , like , dimensionally . 
  the past of jane 's consorts seemed pretty real to them . 
  ... b2 came into existence after b1 was destroyed . 
  that i know . 
  but they ca n't have been an entire universe-length from derse , could they ? 
  nnnn, 
  no , a successor . 
  a damn good one !, 
  [ jake no what r u doin ] ( / stg ), 
  [ 2 r bb ] ( / stg ), 
  p2p like * sburb * . 
  the gm also has a central server that stores and processes prospit , derse , and the veil . 
  heh , the style of the bottom-right one reminds me of illustrations of bionicle , back when it existed . 
  really cool !, 
  it is n't !, 
  it was on a train of thought about how one could commit suicide and still have their heart intact for harvesting . 
  we agreed that the brain is dispensable in this respect , but short of lobotomy , which people usually ca n't do at home , making your brain cease to function is pretty painful ( bullet to the head et cetera ) . 
  so then someone suggested sleeping pills , and we were all like , does that affect any organs to the point of unusability ? 
  and thus was this thread born . 
  thanks , [ lokianeule ] ( / u/lokianeule ) !, 
  just wanted to remind people that there 's tons more material down through the comment thread that i wrote ; it 's just that a top-level permalink would 've been the best . 
  bullets travel faster than pain ? 
  til . 
  this question has already proven useful . 
  edit : i mean , as in , i learned something . 
  i 'm not gon na go shoot myself now . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i meant more the physical aspect , though , but you covered that as well . 
  so the sleeping pills do n't damage any other organs ? 
  not a power of 2 ? 
  what the hell would ever need that much ram ? 
  running a simulation of the planet ? 
  and what are we using that for ? 
  rendering . 
  you can always use more ram for rendering , i guess . 
  faster render rate . 
  but when will the typical user ever need half a terabyte of ram ? 
  rather , what for ? 
  because their consciousness will be uploaded to it ? 
  running a simulation of the planet ? 
  i 'm not ruling it out . 
  i aspire to do it someday . 
  but that would need petabytes of ram , depending on how closely you want to simulate it . 
  wait , what * are * we using it for ? 
  storing game worlds , i guess . 
  but really , what keeps my ram usage at a steady 700 mb ? 
  who wants it that badly ? 
  a megabyte is like a book , so ... why do i need 700 books ' worth of ram to run at idle ? 
  vram is accounted for on my graphics card ... 
  there we are !, 
  although , as someone who is n't all that into gaming , that seems kinda pointless . 
  but that 's just my opinion , heh . 
  okay but that 's not what people would do daily . 
  it 's like , hey , let me turn on this simulation of the earth today !, 
  it is vital to my computing needs and i do n't know what i would do without it . 
  i feel no remorse after turning it back off . 
  surely you incur more than 700 mb of ram for that ? 
  :d ( seeing as with no tabs open i incur 700 ), 
  instead of `` an unholy fucking time vampire '' , you should have at least put `` rainbow drinker '' instead of `` vampire '' , but i think simply '' [ the thief of time ] ( / aa ) '' would be best . 
  after all , our target audience is the mspa forums . 
  you are literally me . 
  except , snapple rather than arizona . 
  :d and haskell instead of python . 
  but you even got the name right !, 
  so whuddyugunna major in ? 
  cool . 
  i , biomedical engineering . 
  by the way , while i have a passion for terrible code in haskell , and lisp , all of my * good * coding effort is going into c , and at the moment i am producing [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/tx619/im_not_creative_enough_for_this/ ) , if you 're interested ( i really need help with the accompanying sburb file ) . 
  it should be ready by the weekend . 
  cue the next update being vriska punching hussie with a big '' [ 8wopp ] ( / ag ) '' . 
  `` zero fucks not given '' ? 
  that means he gave all of his fucks . 
  and clearly if that 's the case he has a negative number of fucks to give . 
  you can set which workshops make what quality items out of what material . 
  no more accidental adamantine hammer crafts !, 
  unless it 's a fey mood , in which case haha i laugh at your pain . 
  i am going to assume you 're not being sarcastic . 
  pcs have much better hardware than consoles . 
  although , that is n't even the point of this .
