  you put it under the counter and forget about it , and then panic when the register comes up short several dollars . 
  it 's usually not the worst thing , but it 's very annoying . 
  non-standard currency is for putting in banks , not registers . 
  i do n't need anyone to feel smug watching me try and place the $ 2 bill . 
  i get it !, 
  i think you got downvoted because people got offended when you called them lazy . 
  it could 've done without the caption . 
  still funny , though . 
  ironically , my favorite song on danny 's site is probably jimmy hinson 's `` clubbing of isaac '' . 
  it combines boi instrumentation and smb melodics so well !, 
  exact same scenario !, 
  although i got quite a bit further than chapter 6 ; in fact , i practically 100 % ed the game , except for the fucking kid from `` i wan na be the guy '' and some of the dark levels in the pink world ( chapter 9 ? ) . 
  then i switched to my new xbox 360 controller and i was like `` i ca n't do shit with this '' . 
  what keyboard were you using ? 
  i was using my crappy keyboard on my lenovo thinkpad ( the new one , unfortunately , without the colored keys and with the weird layout ; i 'm kinda sad about that ) . 
  it 's slidey and sticky at the same time , but it sure can take a beating , and it 's pretty responsive , since it 's a rubber membrane keyboard with some keys overlaid . 
  wow , you own the top * two * posts in / r/adviceanimals right now , a major sub . 
  way to go !, 
  i 've been a redditor for two years and somehow i only realized now . 
  at that point do n't you just get a dive watch ? 
  i wish my wrist was big enough for me to carry a dive watch everywhere . 
  [ tally ] ( / lordenglishsecrettext ) [ ho ] ( / lordenglishsecrettext ), 
  huh . 
  i thought that was impossible to do . 
  well , we 'll just have to see !, 
  edit : also , it is time to start practicing my sans-mechjeb skills . 
  i think `` everyone plz read '' was sarcastic . 
  it is not a form of testicular cancer . 
  it 's something you get from breathing in silica dust . 
  i hope you 're exaggerating . 
  no this has nothing to do with the extraplanetary launchpads mod . 
  edit : [ i launched , to this . 
  i think it makes sense . 
  i hope you do n't literally think that i do n't know what sarcasm is , but it 's evident that you at least do n't like the fact that i called it sarcasm . 
  ap cs unfortunately now uses java . 
  and every person !, 
  so no generals or victims . 
  you 're reading too much into it ; he might have chosen qtd to appear smart , but i do n't think he put a lot of thought into it . 
  let 's not make fun of him for something he did n't necessarily imply . 
  eh in / r/shittyaskscience you can practically taste the tongue in everybody 's cheeks . 
  ken 's stuff is partly funny because he 's masquerading as a person . 
  still waiting for `` zounds '' . 
  but then there was that time when you were going too slowly , and the decoupled thrusters crashed into your bottom thruster and wiped it out , and you had to dump the rest of the stage argh . 
  but ... 
  i do that and i 've never smoked pot . 
  i do n't know , last time i complained about someone using that line , they just repeated it . 
  it 's like first grade : once someone called me `` not fun at parties '' , so now i 'm a `` not fun at parties '' guy !, 
  yeah , i 've been using arch with an intel centrino for months now , and i 've had no disconnections . 
  i find decoupling goes worse when i 'm not accelerating . 
  the problem i described in my above post , for example , can definitely only be solved by accelerating , or by lowering the radial thruster + tank things . 
  it 's the * best * is how it 's like aluminum . 
  i kinda liked the `` before '' look !, 
  so much character . 
  but you made a good choice cleaning it ; it would 've eventually rotted away . 
  now you can enjoy it longer !, 
  what is a sepratron ? 
  i 've been hearing about them all over , but i still do n't understand . 
  my impression is that it 's a powerful decoupler provided by a mod , but google does n't turn anything up . 
  huh . 
  i 'll have to take a look at this . 
  thank you !, 
  whoah i just discovered xfce has alt-tab . 
  awesome !, 
  read that as `` roasted '' ... ? 
  i need sleep, 
   only in the uninteresting parts, 
  dark matter !, 
  well ... neither is e. ( except sometimes , but if that counts then p might as well be a letter grade too . ), 
  i lived in new jersey for several years and went through their school system . 
  never seen it . 
  so it seems to be a thing at least exclusive to virginia , if not exclusive to your school . 
  most of what i know about fpses is secondhand , and when i heard bf3 has destructible scenery , this is exactly what i imagined . 
  i need to find this game and play it . 
  my solution : move to california , never worry about arm length again . 
  well , radio * waves * are very low energy light . 
  i 'm not sure what a radio is , though . 
  would n't perl need a semicolon after the print ? 
  cobol is very easy to recognize due to it yelling `` identification division '' and a whole lot of other stuff in every program . 
  abap does n't have that . 
  it taught me that there 's a difference between racket and scheme , though . 
  i thought racket was a scheme interpreter , but no . 
  but why would you want to retract it ? 
  i envision it thus :, 
  the tray opens . 
  the coworker notices , and closes it . 
  two minutes pass . 
  the tray opens again . 
  the coworker , now slightly irritated , closes it again . 
  two minutes later , the tray opens again . 
  the aggravated coworker closes it again . 
  another two minutes later , the tray opens again , and so on ... 
  it would close again two minutes later !, 
  and then open again two minutes after that . 
  it 's annoying no matter what . 
  thank you for teaching me !, 
  i 'm afraid i do n't have the know-how for perl golf , though . 
  i allowed this post to come into existence , by supporting reddit . 
  i made this !, 
  til this is a popular thing . 
  ( i grew up in hungary , mostly sans computers . ),
