  is meditation, 
  i was actually going to adapt the deck to a card game , since i 'm not into all that `` fortune '' stuff . 
  it only happened recently ( a few months ago recently ) , but tumblr links started working . 
  titles and everything . 
  i assumed the software was updated for it . 
  sounds fun !, 
  ( maybe print * two * sets , if the first one does n't take so long to make . ), 
  edit : ooh , it 's trick-taking !, 
  i love those !, 
  thank you !, 
  i will make sure to make use of you as a resource . 
  yes , the sz is indeed hungarian ... though i believe it exists in polish as well !, 
  and i continue to learn more about how the world works every day . 
  this is a brilliant plan . 
  maybe , if i find a good one . 
  i was thinking of doing gardener and potential verdancy . 
  i 'm not a philosophy major , but what 's wrong with that ? 
  ( i mean everything you said . ), 
  and the prints , definitely . 
  the entire deck is on the kickstarter page in picture form . 
  they make me want to use the cards for games . 
  what if you were im-ing with recent abel laureate szemer\u00e9di endre , and he made that mistake as a second language english speaker ? 
  would that give you the right to call him an idiot ? 
  shh , copyright . 
  they changed its name to synthesia . 
  while i agree with you , you could have been more polite about that . 
  they describe how to do not gates . 
  why are you everywhere ? 
  ( also , i see your plan . 
  once everyone grows to loathe this account , then any comment in its style will be downvoted !, 
  and then we wo n't have to suffer remarks like these . 
  good plan ! ), 
  edit : i 'm not endorsing this account , though . 
  try `` never '' . 
  he 's not the lowest class . 
  if he had a class ( which he does n't ) , he 'd be between nepeta and sollux . 
  i definitely choose to believe this . 
  people who mistake `` your '' and `` you 're '' are usually idiots ? 
  i doubt there 's even a correlation . 
  he never claimed to be a limeblood . 
  that was only in a q&a . 
  ( racial slurs ftw . 
  am i technically offending trollkin ( s ) ? 
  if so , who cares . ), 
  we must have different definitions of idiot . 
  they probably did . 
  do you also think people who mix up `` its '' and `` it 's '' are idiots ? 
  ( i 'm really just curious . ), 
  is it easier ? 
  why do n't you give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they know the rule but accidentally had a lapse of attention and mistyped it by accident ? 
  how did the rest of the conversation go ? 
  did you ask who else they talked to ? 
  [ his son . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/benignexistence/comments/10oxkj/i_had_dinner_with_an_old_family_friend_yesterday/ ) how do you know him ? 
  if you were/is his student , he might 've mentioned your name . 
  sorry , i 'm suffocating in irony ... 
  good post , though . 
  i think we 'll make it by tomorrow morning . 
  arrrgh . 
  i imagined that frog a zillion times bigger ... 
  poor jack . 
  i do n't want him to die !, 
  what 's wrong with content aggregation ? 
  when i think `` content '' , i think `` news '' , and i do n't have time to browse multiple news sources . 
  you 're lucky . 
  i have homework that i did n't do any of the other days . 
  the angels do n't run on clockwork . 
  it seems like he 's almost definitely surfing on it . 
  obviously . 
  well , i liked it better than if it were a guitar with vocals or the solo piano . 
  well , maybe a very spirited piano sonata would 've changed my mind . 
  but i was definitely glad about the departing from conventional instrumentation . 
  not a shred . 
  even if you adjust for word count by counting pictures and flashes as a certain number of words each , it does n't even come close to things like the harry potter and lord of the rings series . 
  there was a detailed statistical analysis of this , but i do n't remember where . 
  it also fails to beat war & peace . 
  he 's being suffoc8ted . 
  i just want jack to live through this . 
  but now i 'm worried for john . 
  getting stabbed through the chest in a dream is different than getting suffocated . 
  stabbing , it sends a jolt that wakes you up . 
  but suffocation is slow , and your mind makes it real . 
  john could actually die . 
  it would be heroic of him to do so . 
  but that 's pretty unlikely . 
  i hope the mechanics do n't work that way . 
  he does n't have a mouth and his glasses hide his eyes , and you want to talk about his expression ? 
  the clock is merely a display . 
  your computer would n't stop working if you broke the monitor , would it ? 
  ( unless it 's an emac/imac . ), 
  i was gon na go look at those . 
  i think noirscape would work best . 
  okay . 
  i think i 'm getting the hang of latex , though . 
  do n't count your frogs before they hatch . 
  you should n't say this sort of thing around here . 
  instead , simply upvote to express how you like it . 
  imagine having to read 300 comments to the effect of `` haha , this is great '' !, 
  that 's why . 
  biology * nerd * ?
