  it 's the ones where nz is cut off due to being in an odd place , but are otherwise detailed . 
  yeah but you can eat from stuff other than bakeries , it 's just not as good, 
  it 's also nowhere near the same place, 
  muphry 's law, 
  that 's definitely ginger . 
  source : have eaten both lots of smoked salmon and lots of sushi, 
  you can just draw the 2 or 3 biggest ones , it 's like not drawing the us and using the excuse `` because nobody wants to draw 2000 + peninsulas '' . 
  maybe you do n't know what the philippines look like because maps leave them out so often !, 
  tbf the malay peninsula and borneo make it on there most of the time , so technically malaysia 's there too, 
  eh not just white people , in indochina for example you have vietnam and thailand right next to each other where in vietnam most people have one of four or five surnames , whereas in thailand the surname of almost every family is unique . 
  / r/oldpeoplefacebook can be just replaced with an ss-like markov chain at this point . 
  90 % of that subreddit is repetition of memes . 
  depending on the event , this is by far not the thing that will get me out of bed the fastest , since sometimes you can just think , `` oh well , this is terrible , but if i missed it i missed it . '', 
  this sausage has many names , but none of them are bratwurst . 
  english speakers call it `` vienna sausage '' or `` wiener '' . 
  sincerely ,, 
  central europe, 
  we eat this with both ketchup and mustard . 
  since we invented it , your criticism is invalid . 
  a traditional austro-hungarian breakfast is two of those sausages with ketchup and mustard on the side , and a slice of bread . 
  do n't let your dreams be dreams . 
  thing is , a suicide is more damaging than someone killing you , at least if it 's ffa, 
  well , there it is . 
  the lowest-effort `` polandball '' comic . 
  bratwurst is completely different . 
  it is larger and smokier ; in my opinion unsuitable for breakfast , but it happens . 
  the konami code . 
  mobile users like me would n't know :p, 
  we 've sat through so many hiatuses that it wo n't matter that the comic 's actually dead this time . 
  plus , we have hiveswap to look forward to . 
  i for one will remain a subscriber here until reddit goes under . 
  omg yes . 
  next step is something more sophisticated , like an rnn . 
  i think the homestuck `` ultimate self '' concept is mostly philosophical ; just that you are what you do in every conceivable course of events , not just those that happened . 
  this is a comforting thought for those who feel that they did n't make the best choices . 
  the one way it does really impact the story is that sprites seem to gain the memories of every version of themselves , leading to them appreciating this concept for what it is . 
  honestly it was nothing compared to the gigapause, 
  well , technically it exists now , by virtue of just having been described , but it 's pretty shittily presented, 
  they 're pretty old, 
  what the fuck ? 
  amerifat jokes are simply unoriginal , unfunny and untrue , there 's no `` butthurt '' about it . 
  the fact that you use it as an example for your comic is just sad . 
  edit : / s, 
  your maleness certificate will be in the mail, 
  i do n't think all of those have plastic bags, 
  i can too , but only the capitals . 
  it 's the most useless writing system i 've ever learned . 
  ( i can also read arabic and hebrew letters , but do n't know arabic or hebrew well enough to guess the vowels . 
  hence , the two second most useless writing systems i have learned , tied . ), 
  same , i am terrible at remembering so many things , up to and including who people are , but somehow i 'm supernaturally good at film release dates . 
  it 's so useless . 
  wow , i scrolled through the whole first page of comments , and no mention of ray william johnson . 
  i guess he 's gone out of style . 
  reddit used to hate him . 
  there was a conlang somewhere on here that entirely used sounds that can be made while a cock is in one 's mouth . 
  well , generally i read scripts to see what they say , even if i do n't necessarily understand them . 
  but i do n't know what arabic says , because i do n't know the vowels . 
  the show does . 
  the letters one is a fan script . 
  i also wrote a logography for it , for this reason . 
  i use tab for a cause , which allows it , although it 's kinda ugly . 
  your ubuntu may be compromised ... 
  well , most humor ( as well as storytelling ) is comprised of stuff that 's false . 
  here , the point of it is representing our frustration with graphs . 
  lel , i [ did this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/2tld9i/my_experience_with_sieges_your_mileage_may_vary/ ) a couple months ago . 
  nice to see that it 's still funny . 
  ironically , this was probably made by an american . 
  wait , you did n't mulligan on a one-land draw ? 
  i made that mistake in my last round . 
  sounds like my games , except for the part where i get a clue and mulligan . 
  are plastic tents flammable ? 
  eh , the outcome 's pretty random . 
  look at how much it took to get them to discuss in my thread . 
  and my thread likewise had someone who did n't understand graphs , but he got downvoted for some reason . 
  and both threads have annoying `` confirmation bias '' posts . 
  do these people really think that i think there 's some sort of conspiracy or something ? 
  every board game ever has people lamenting when the rng screws them over . 
  few people have illusions about it . 
   december 24th , 2012, 
  and one has massive amounts of glare while the other does n't . 
  two photos for sure, 
  ha\u062danal, 
  trillions is far too small ; remember , avogadro 's number is ~ 600,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 , and that 's just the amount of atoms in 12 * grams * of carbon . 
  so this is trillions of trillions of atoms . 
  it was the coast in the late cretaceous , and is full of chalk deposits from washed up sea life ( mostly diatoms ) . 
  [ one of my favorite cross-disciplinary articles ever ] ( http://www.deepseanews.com/2012/06/how-presidential-elections-are-impacted-by-a-100-million-year-old-coastline/ ) was written about it . 
  but that 's not how russians work . 
  we 've had glasses for decades in eastern europe . 
  i appreciate the multiple locations from russia . 
  it 's interesting to see them plotted against one another . 
  this summer i will go to khanty-mansiysk , and a friend of mine will go to yakutsk . 
  ( i know it 's a bad idea to do it at this time , due to mosquito season , oh well . ), 
  this kind of data is good , for knowing what to expect . 
  would n't that make it kind of dangerous to stay there for extended amounts of time , due to decompression sickness ? 
  how do the workers get around that ? 
  do they use a very gradual decompression chamber ? 
  yes , every single language ever / s, 
  would that make ksp the videogame equivalent of some kind of alcoholic olympics ? 
  even hurt ? 
  how are you supposed to do this ?
