  whatsisname who draws oots is a complete douchebag ? 
  i 've seen him reputed otherwise ... 
  we 're very small . 
  we are smaller than the fanbase of , for example , harry potter . 
  / unfaircomparison, 
  i paid $ 261 !, 
  do n't worry , nobody 's been completely and terminally killed off yet in homestuck , except nepeta , equius , eridan , ar ( unless you count subsequent iterations ) , most felt members ( actually , all of them except lord english and also probably clover ) , bec , all of the non-player trolls , a significant amount of horrorterrors , and a similarly significant amount of squiddles . 
  i am extremely sorry for the crappy screenshot . 
  ( and , if we 're going there , you 'll notice the clock is set to est rather than the timezone i 'm in . 
  i 've been too lazy to change it ever since i 've gotten back from america , which was , like , a month ago . ), 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  edit : oh my god , * he * said that . 
  hopy shit . 
  this is true !, 
  i 'll edit it in . 
  there is/are parauniversalism , lovecraftianism , apocalypses and wastelands resulting thence , exiles , mass murderers ( including one whose great feat was murdering several hundred thousand people in the afterlife ) , time travel and teleportation , ridiculously massive sources of energy ( and power ) , and super powers and ways to acquire them ( involving excruciating pain , but also science ) . 
  the basic premise is , what if there was a universal message that contained all of the laws of physics , but once you started applying all the cooler shit , those things would suddenly stop working ? 
  well , okay , that 's not , when you get down to it , the basic premise at all , but it 's a significant facet of the story . 
  i read this years ago , and i 've read it occasionally ever since , but i have n't decided to share it with you guys until now . 
  i expect some of you will have already read it , but i think it 's something every homestuck fan should know about , given its similarity and similar individuality . 
  ( and by `` individuality '' , i mean `` complete inability to be made into a feature presentation '' . ), 
  i am having the exact same issue , from the exact same point . 
  it 's a really good drawing , but one thing that bugs me is the awkward distance at which the eyes are set from each other . 
  it may be the style , but then change the style !, 
  it does n't look very good . 
  we have subsequent iterations of the first three : roxy , jane 's dad , and dirk . 
  but you 're right about colonel sassacre . 
  wtf . 
  ^ ... link ? 
  and also evolution !, 
  that 's horrible . 
  ca n't something be done about it ? 
  more like congressional election iv : the sopa hunt . 
  i say it 'll close at around $ 1.5 m dollars . 
  stop linking to funnyjunk . 
  also , the image you wanted is probably [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/52lcc.jpg ) . 
  not now that she 's with john !, 
  by the way , jade should be able to do direct mass-energy conversion . 
  which includes being able to appearify bacon out of thin air . 
  * for anyone, 
  right . 
  fixed . 
  she has access to energy twice the mass-energy equivalent of the universe . 
  some bacon definitely would n't be a problem . 
  well , guess what !, 
  there is now totally a homestuck game in the making !, 
  also , i have a mysterious torrent titled `` sburb '' that i 've had going for a long time that has n't returned a single byte . 
  my secret hope is that , when the time comes , it 'll start downloading . 
  no , just a tiny portion of it . 
  if you had two universe-masses ' worth of bacon , that would be fucking spectacular . 
  i know the feeling . 
  it would undergo gravitational collapse and become not a star , but a black hole . 
  one that fuses carbon . 
  ( mm , carbon . ), 
  beats me . 
  maybe they want to protect their content ? 
  they have content that 's theirs . 
  i do n't want any sort of social networking site superiority complex here . 
  i just looked at the curve for the money and deduced that it 'll end up somewhere around there . 
  your guess is probably somewhat more educated than mine . 
  this is just a hunch , and i apologize if i 'm wrong , but i think you 're using alternate accounts to upvote yourself and downvote people who disagree with you . 
  i get this from the strange distribution of upvotes and downvotes around the place . 
  everyone has at least four upvotes and four downvotes . 
  these are symptoms of reddit countering lots of votes coming from the same ip address . 
  oh , also , explain / u/battrollsucks . 
  you know , this really is n't convincing me that you are n't one and the same . 
  typed on an iphone ? 
  i do n't know anything about ca ( because i am part of the glorious nation of europe ) . 
  could you please explain this post ? 
  well . 
  you both refer to the mods as `` your mods '' , are the same degree of liberal , and seem to be somewhat obsessed with each other . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  also , i 'm not `` get [ ting ] the mods to remove the comments '' . 
  i have n't even talked to them . 
  how delusional do you even have to * be * to believe something like that ? 
  i 've seen the `` i have more money than everyone else therefore i 'm superior to everyone else ( also i 'm lying ) '' jerk in lots of other places on the internet , but i 've always thought it was n't reddit 's cup of tea . 
  let 's hope it does n't go in that direction . 
   your mods are n't very bright realizing that all the censorship can be seen, 
  it 's not `` censored '' for me . 
  [ but here , have an image , then . 
  [ funnily enough ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/zhpss/in_a_rare_turn_of_events_op_of_rpolitics_post/c64y56i?context=3 ), 
  i was gon na ask : why ? 
  it 's an infuriating mistake to make . 
  i hate it when i constantly replace spaces with n 's . 
  i hear that too , but i hardly ever get any of their jokes . 
  this is the definition of a circlejerk post . 
  i do n't care , though !, 
  i 'm incredibly amazed at the success of the kickstarter . 
  we deserve some self-backpatting . 
  what is this ? 
  i need context . 
  help me out here , man !, 
  feels good !, 
  it better have two sides/disks . 
  oh my god , i saw the first and second parts individually , and never mentally put them together !, 
  this is amazing !, 
  it 's also a very succinct summary . 
  i will be using this to tell people about homestuck . 
  i was of the same opinion as him . 
  but somehow , all the same , i 'm excited for the game .
