  why the beverly hills in particular ? 
  wow , i wonder how accurate your mental model of neanderthals was at that age ? 
  it must not have been especially good , unless your class spent weeks covering them . 
  this made me discover vim adventures . 
  thank you . 
  norwegians were slaves of sweden and denmark almost throughout their entire history , norway is the most worthless country in europe that no one cares about . 
  these boring fucks are not known for anything at all , they have never invented anything and have never contributed to the world with anything , sorry norwegians but your country really is just a boring little shithole that most people ca n't even find on a map . 
  i mean how often do most people think of norway , never , no one fucking cares okay ? 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ love ^ ^ youtube, 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ putting ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ comic, 
  i got them all mostly in the first minute when probably everybody loaded the page after i made the comment but before i got any replies . 
  no harm , no foul , i guess . 
  the remove kebab song was put into a comic . 
  good for you !, 
  a very good-looking base . 
  i 'd be proud if i had this in orbit around anything . 
  i never could get kosmos working , unfortunately . 
  it causes a really bad memory leak or something every time ksp is loading the stuff , and it crashes everything . 
  okay , but conceptually , how did she teleport `` just the planet '' ? 
  it would have made sense for her to think `` teleport anything that is n't me , jane , spidertroll , or jake '' . 
  i guess she can issue such high-level commands as `` teleport anything that is n't a player '' . 
  this is useful because then she can check an area for invisible players by doing `` teleport all players '' in that area and teleporting them in front of her ( or into a gas cloud , laser chamber , whatever ) . 
  wait , i have a new model : she swapped a particular set of objects , not selected by position but selected atom for atom . 
  so she selected derse , and swapped that ... but since roxy was hiding , she was not noticed or selected . 
  * that * means that roxy can hide from space powers like that . 
  atp synthase , and flagellum motors . 
  atp synthase is more like a dynamo , though , and flagellum motors are more like electric motors . 
  neither are non-concentric gears with teeth that rotate in synchron with each other . 
  this gives me an idea : write a genetic algorithm that plays df . 
  i do n't play df well at all ( except for being able to route magma like a pro ) , so i wonder how many iterations it would take to become better than me ... maybe a couple thousand ? 
  why does everyone fear jade 's gon na die ? 
  aranea was right next to him when he hopesploded and she 's fine . 
  ( and why would hope power kill anyway ? 
  does that field look even remotely deadly to you ? 
  slammin into the ground and getting squished against it , now * that 's * deadly . ), 
  i think you 're a troll . 
  just putting that out there . 
  the `` fedora-clad redditor '' archetype is usually a brogressive , not a social justice warrior . 
  are quicksaves allowed in weekly challenges ? 
  ( i 'm new to this , still trying to complete the eve one . 
  also , hey , this challenge is totally based on the soda can , is n't it ! ), 
  for algebra , aluffi is awesome too . 
  it 's considered graduate-level , though . 
  useful derivative , and useful to represent stuff with in general . 
  i mean , where would i be without the ability to get the angle of a vector with cartesian coordinates ? 
  now try piloting a ship a couple of centuries ago . 
  guys , chill . 
  jane can resurrect people . 
  now , if * john * did it ... 
  it 's easier for jane to just resurrect her . 
  i know , i 'm betting on jane , unless she dies too . 
  then john . 
  i do n't think stealing the ring from aranea is going to happen until much later , because otherwise she would have had no impact on the session , except for fixing jake . 
  it would make sense for roxy 's power to not work on artifact-level items . 
  that remains to be seen , though . 
  and was n't jane 's power * 3 * resurrections per person ? 
  artifact level : things that ca n't be bought with grist . 
  for example , the caledfwlch . 
  when you make them , their grist cost shows up as '' -- '' . 
  yeah , she might die herself ( although i 'm counting on jane to subdue aranea ) . 
  then we have to rely on john . 
  and then the ring . 
  what kind of horrible people favorited sep 11 ? 
   soon, 
  who does dirk get then ? 
  it ... it looks delicious : /, 
  ( although , i 've dissected a cow 's heart before , which is similar in structure , but it did n't look delicious ; i 'm pretty sure it was the discoloration due to preservatives ), 
  but it 's multiple people , and most people on this website are american . 
  understand , it 's not just a date that some people picked , but it 's one of the most popular dates . 
  [ a funny video made by a norwegian ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebqdwqzmshm ) has a beautiful and poetic comment that has this to say about norway :, 
   norwegians were slaves of sweden and denmark almost throughout their entire history , norway is the most worthless country in europe that no one cares about . 
  these boring fucks are not known for anything at all , they have never invented anything and have never contributed to the world with anything , sorry norwegians but your country really is just a boring little shithole that most people ca n't even find on a map . 
  i mean how often do most people think of norway , never , no one fucking cares okay ? 
  this would do well as a copypasta . 
  i think the idea was that if you live in the usa , it looks like japan is to your west ( left ) , so he mimicked it . 
  or if you know a little about computers , you could try opening it up and reconnecting any loose cables . 
  it used to be . 
  i visited recently many times , it is now allowed . 
  edit : further down i get a report from a resident , apparently still banned . 
  what ? 
  oh my god so that 's what the black spots on streets are, 
  i always thought they were spit or something . 
  it 's hard to make out what they 're doing in the picture . 
  the only thing that would keep me from making the u-turn is my adherence to rules , not the fact that it 's wet cement . 
  although , it * does * look very much like wet cement . 
  the funny part is that this comment was made by a guy named `` indiarulezzz '' . 
  that does n't even explain it . 
  why was n't it originally a screenshot ? 
  ( then op would have it as a screenshot ), 
  if that were a heatsink , it would have many more layers , and thinner layers , and it probably would n't be circular . 
  i do n't think they dissipate heat . 
  ( unless i 'm totally wrong and heatsinks work differently in space than on earth . 
  after all , most earth heatsinks work by convection , not radiation . ), 
  allow me to offer a different interpretation . 
  mansails , indeed representing companies , work best when they are many , given their high thrust/weight ratio . 
  the nervas represent the government , standing triumphantly over the fallen company , with little power but large reach . 
  this work is complaining about the slow transformation of the us into a communist nation , and about the ubiquity of monopolies in today 's economy . 
  it 's because you 're a sadist and want dirk to be unhappy forever . 
  no , but it 's really because dirk is the only human with which caliborn has had any meaningful , positive interaction . 
  irrelevant , but unfortunately true .
