  how does leaving it out make your state stronger ? 
  ah , you 're using a vm ? 
  try bootcamp !, 
  it 's much more likely that it will work . 
  is windows 10 out ? 
  my windows partition uses 8.1 . 
  partitioning a 128 gb is not worth it in my opinion . 
  windows 8.1 unfortunately takes up ludicrous amounts of space , like 40 gb if i recall . 
  do you have an external hard drive you could use ? 
  it 's slower , but at least it 's got space . 
  wait , why are you using a vm , anyway ? 
  eu4 works on osx , too , after all . 
   what is weird is that eu 4 runs better in the vm than the os x ones i find , but the trade-off is battery i 'm pretty sure . 
  it does that on my computer too , but i figured it was because of better drivers , or possibly a better os-specific implementation . 
  on linux , on near-minimum settings it heats up my computer enough to sometimes shut it down in an emergency due to overheating , whereas on windows i can play with full settings and the computer does n't even break a sweat . 
  it 's interesting that this would extend to vms as well . 
  this may point to the eu4 implementation being better , not the drivers . 
  my advice is to try and find some way to run it outside of a vm . 
  parallels is an excellent vm ( or at least , it was several years ago when i used it ) , but it 's also an imperfect facsimile of what windows can do , and things like this can break . 
  after all , i do n't hear too many native windows users with iris complaining about the map !, 
  and the egyptian language * still * manages to survive today , in the form of the liturgical language [ coptic . 
  sorry , i just looked it up , it 's apparently `` only '' 20 gb . 
  but when i made a 32 gb partition for mine , after installing windows it practically ran out of space , with 29 gb or something occupied . 
  i guess the rest is boot partitions and things , which you might be able to forego with bootcamp ( unlike with my inexpert linux manual partitioning ) . 
  it depends on how many games you want to use the partition for though . 
  i only keep a few games on my win partition at a time , and even that 's 60 gigs in size . 
  also , that pie chart is 3d , which is horrendous . 
  ( well , it 's a pie chart . 
  its existence will be horrendous no matter what you do . ), 
  well , good luck with it then !, 
  i hope you get it working . 
  what ? 
  it 's clearly descended directly from demotic . 
  its descent from egyptian is one of the surest things in afro-asiatic linguistics . 
  nah , people suck at estimating sizes of sections of circles , and actually area altogether . 
  give them a stacked bar chart instead . 
  linear distances are so much easier to get a sense of . 
  sure !, 
  the [ ethnologue ] ( https://www.ethnologue.com/language/cop ) entry is a good place to start for any language . 
  if you follow the link `` language resources '' , there should be a good-sized list at the other end of it . 
  if you 're just looking for a general overview , though , [ wikipedia 's page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coptic_language ) on it is more than sufficient . 
  yeah sure !, 
  usually advertisers only give money when the link gets clicked . 
  youtube advertisers do n't quite work that way , though , so i dunno in this case . 
  sorta . 
  it 's easy for sweden to declare independence and win , but a lot of times they do n't do it . 
  well , if ai sweden gets independent and then gets weak , then denmark goes in for the kill . 
  i * wish * it were . 
  i 'm trying to play a sami game right now . 
  i bankrupted and generally ruined sweden before releasing myself . 
  clever , right ? 
  except denmark had no qualms just randomly conquering all of sweden 's good provinces , and then promptly declaring me a rival . 
  pfah . 
  who 'd you form it with ? 
  it 's comparable to the hungarian anthem , where we complain about all the shit that 's happened to us in the past half millennium or so and beseech god to give us a break . 
  they chose ... poorly, 
  the sad thing is , it probably was n't even easy to make that game, 
  huh ? 
  that 's perfectly good english . 
  `` that '' + the subjunctive is a well-known construction , although nowadays it 's considered a little formal . 
  the best weapon is the one you never have to fire . 
  \\* proceeds to be the subject of ~ ~ three ~ ~ five films involving his weaponized suit \\*, 
  well , depends what you need it for . 
  if you want to kill someone ( s ) with a weapon , that * is * the best . 
  but it 's shit for any other purpose . 
  what if you want to blow up a vehicle ? 
  weaponized prosthetic suit , then . 
  although after iron man iii , he gets rid of the shrapnel in his chest , so the suit becomes a tool like anything else . 
  edit : ( and it was never the suit that was keeping him alive , anyway , it was the generator . 
  the suit was slowly killing him by using the generator 's power more . 
  that was fixed in iron man ii , though . 
  you could argue that the generator was also weaponized , since it powered the suit . ), 
  glory to perm !, 
  wait ... what am i ??!? 
  d : is anything real ??? 
  it 's cheap and precise , which is the best middle ground there is . 
  well , it was never originally meant as a weapon . 
  not in the movies , at least . 
  i mean cheap-ish to mass-produce . 
  look at it , it 's 3d-printed !, 
   is , finally , my point clear ? 
  ;p funnily enough , that does n't look too bad, 
  uptalking is n't usually indicated with a question mark though lol, 
  oh god i knew someone would write that exact comment . 
  ( although i thought they 'd capitalize the y hah . ), 
  no it is n't , not in subtitles anyway where question marks usually have semantic , not tonal content . 
  but then again it 's not like there 's some universal subtitle grammar that every subtitlist adheres to so it 's conceivable some sets of subtitles would do that . 
  but it 's not common i 'll tell you that . 
  if anything it would become tediously weird to do it on every single sentence said by the uptalking character . 
  and skanderbeg , albanian national hero , also is named after alexander !, 
  but unfortunately very few people will know why you made your comment , since most people do n't look at op 's username . 
  [ i thought that was the finnish flag ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/1wn1l7/swedish_and_finnish_flag_xpost_from_funny/ ), 
  you sure got all of them !, 
  the seto flag is clearly the best one , since uralic knitting patterns are undeniably awesome . 
  the joke is , you 're not a spy , so you do n't understand . 
  now now , it could also be fight club . 
  statistically speaking , i should only be slightly more surprised to find out that both places i 've ever lived in the us are one of them . 
  but there 's already a slogan on it ... 
  you 'll reich ? 
  there 's been continuous smearing before ( [ dave 's katana , ] ( http://www.mspaintadventures.com/?s=6&amp;p=002513 ) anyone ?
