  i started playing after wotog came out , and i fondly remember this brawl as the only fun brawl i 've played . 
  i love sniping as mei . 
  mei is the best sniper . 
  it 's a natural weathering process : human weathering !, 
  fatwa # 58008, 
   fieldwork, 
  pick one ^ ^ ( / s ), 
  why would it need thrust to stay in orbit ? 
  is it orbiting really low ? 
  both of those would be closer to how they sound in their respective languages of origin ( nahuatl and greek ) , so i 'm all for this, 
  you 'd be horrified by my linux install , then ... 
  what 's this a reference to ? 
  other than bots, 
  that bottom line returns 0 , at least in a language that uses '' & '' rather than '' & & '' for boolean `` and '' , like matlab . 
  in languages where '' & '' is bitwise `` and '' , it returns 1 . 
  have you got any good books/tutorials you can recommend ? 
  cool , thanks !, 
  itt : ways out, 
  stuffing them in a bay is a good idea . 
  i think the problem is that i was opening the chutes prematurely . 
  it never made a difference before the heat patch . 
  thanks !, 
  were they all bavarian ? 
  10 + spell yogg is consistent . 
  it may as well be replaced with :, 
  - draw 1-6 cards, 
  - deal 1-8 damage to all minions, 
  - deal 0-6 damage to each hero, 
  - with 20 % chance , summon a random minion, 
  he is most reliably a combined board clear and a card draw , and is more consistently good than [ [ doom ! ] ] . 
  at 10 mana , a board clear and card draw better do something amazing , should n't it ? 
  rarely does he actually get you board . 
  you have reinvented `` so brave '', 
  that 's more common anyway, 
  feary ? 
  it 's an antimeme !, 
  but wait , if it 's an antimeme , why does everybody know about it ? 
  hey , i did mayan-style hieroglyphs too !, 
  it is the * best * writing system , there 's no denying that . 
  i wan na decorate all, 
  my kitchenware with it one day ; conveniently the primary standard sequence exists for that exact purpose . 
  do you have a language and a syllabary to go along with them ? 
  did debian suddenly stop having a gui ? 
  it 's like a more stable ubuntu, 
  thing is , putin 's golden decorations are anything but tacky , at least as far as moscow goes . 
  i love playing yogg 'n' load . 
  - it 's a control deck , meaning you usually have answers , and you need to make decisions, 
  - it includes two of the memest cards in the game , yogg and cotw, 
  - lock 'n' load gets you crazy card advantage , and playing 3 + cotws in a game is really hilarious . 
  also , you get very familiar with every hunter card in standard ( or wild if that 's what you 're playing ; i 've been meaning to build a version of the deck for wild ), 
  - yogg can do really weird things to the board state , and can take games `` off the beaten path '' , so to speak . 
  although , 95 % of the time he 's just card draw and a board clear, 
  no no i 'm right with you . 
  fuck removing 4-6 health minions in general , yeah ? 
  there is almost no one on earth who says `` a couple of '' to mean exactly two things . 
  so , if you 're referring to that idiom , you 're objectively wrong . 
   [ [ cardname ] ] is too random, 
  let 's be real , you do n't even need the fill-in-the-blank . 
  complaints about yogg outnumber others 10:1 . 
  that 's the thing , people play hearthstone in all sorts of weird situations , and i 've seen people blame misplays and ropes on someone being a shitty player , instead of circumstance . 
  there 's no way to tell someone you 're playing renolock from a hovel in rural siberia ; you just have to let them put up with it . 
  usually there 's country-specific flavor events that you accidentally miss like that , though . 
  i 've restarted from a save because i did n't read the event text before . 
  sorry , i meant arbitrary minion , not just anything . 
  edited . 
  yeah , i do n't think there 's much hope for battlecries . 
  if only lorewalker cho interacted with yogg , we 'd be able to get spells , but i do n't think it does ... 
  ah , that 's true . 
  did n't think of it because it was really side-effecty . 
  removing from list . 
  it can only target enemy minions ( as many yogg players have gleefully found out ) . 
  yup , already in the list, 
  sorry , i should have clarified , discarding cards * in their hand . 
  * edited . 
  yes , being able to discard your opponent 's cards follows trivially from being able to give them control of yogg ( which is already in the list ) . 
  but this is dependent on two conditions :, 
  - the game being wild, 
  - the opponent 's hand not being full of non-minions, 
  if either condition is n't met , then you ca n't do this . 
  the interesting part is finding a way to do this without needing those conditions . 
  brilliant !, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i 'm adding these, 
  edit : you know what , though , you 'd have to get rid of yogg first , so you can only play 45 pyroblasts, 
  any spell that can make you discard cards can make your opponent discard cards if they took control of yogg via sylvanas , but they can only get a sylvanas in the first place if their hand is n't full of non-minions . 
  if it were possible to discard one of their cards even in that case , then that opens the door to all sorts of shenanigans in that edge case ( most notably taking control of yogg , but also putting cards in either deck ) . 
  you can play more than 30 spells in one game , sure , but yogg is hard-capped at 30 spells . 
  60 spells with brann . 
  hey , i play control hunter on wild !, 
  how dare you !, 
  i only do it casually , i do n't try to ladder . 
  currently at rank 18 , and i think my winrate is about 60 % ? 
  i expect it to drop sharply as i run into more of the annoying deathrattle cards , but at least my lack of minions removes the typical advantages of dr. boom and the sludge belcher . 
  and explosive shot + an aoe efficiently removes dr. boom . 
  i 'll try , thanks !, 
  you know what , though ? 
  cotw is less useful in ynl than in other hunter decks . 
  in other decks , the opponent has already spent some removal on savannah highmane and possibly other threats like dr. boom . 
  they 're poorly equipped to deal with cotw , never mind two of them . 
  in ynl , however , it 's pretty much your only threat .
