  sort of like `` golden age '' , but of your life . 
  edit : here we go , from wikipedia :, 
   `` halcyon '' is a name for a bird in greek legend generally associated with the kingfisher . 
  there was an ancient belief that the bird nested on the sea , which it calmed in order to lay its eggs on a floating nest . 
  two weeks of calm weather were therefore expected around the winter solstice . 
  this myth leads to the use of halcyon as a term for peace or calmness . 
  but that requires someone to go to your house . 
  they should just email you ( or change the tracking status ) . 
  could have done without the stupid text, 
  after learning about reaction wheels in ksp i puzzled out how i think they are supposed to work . 
  i 'm so happy i was right !, 
  homestuck is guilty of this as well . 
  to be fair , most peoples ' kids never end up having temper tantrums on this scale . 
  maybe their spouses ( who are technically someone 's kids , but it 's not their parents ' problem at that point , is it ? 
  i had to perform genuine scientific experiments in my game !, 
  and i * liked * it !, 
  when i first found ksp i hated that the wiki did not document all of the mechanics , because they * mattered * . 
  so i had to find them out myself . 
  now , i 'd advocate leaving the mechanics off of the wiki , so people could find it out for themselves . 
  except a lot of people do n't know how widely applicable the scientific method is , so they might only find out by accident . 
   source : my parents thought i was a mouse wizard with an army of monkey kidney cells primed to do my bidding until they saw the reality . 
  while the reality is n't exactly glamorous , how * are n't * you a lord over the kidney cells ? 
  i consider myself similar to a toymaker because i make tiny wind-up machines ( proteins ) !, 
  all the facebook math posts get mostly wrong answers . 
  and it 's all arithmetic , too !, 
  i just do n't get it . 
  three times a day . 
  you also seem to like talking about you ( not that that has anything to do with your point ), 
  it looks like the oceans are ammonia and the rest is ice . 
  sea dog . 
  and also that nothing actually * cures * any version of cancer . 
  part of msg is inorganic . 
  um , micronutrient metals needed for cofactors , especially iron , although these are usually gotten by digesting the cofactors themselves . 
  is magnesium sulfate edible/eaten ? 
  oh , and do n't forget lead , which used to be a sweetener . 
  or it could be plasmised or worse . 
  i 'd pay $ 10 for a tupperware full of neutronium . 
  i 'm not sure how i 'd do something useful with it , but it 'll be very impressive for the brief few nanoseconds while i 'm still alive . 
  but that defeats the purpose of leaving the card in the first place . 
  in most cases they could simply just bring the package . 
  that many nervas ? 
  are you * insane ? 
  * ( awesome mission btw ), 
  this has nothing to do with relativity ? 
  edit : actually , since conservation laws imply symmetry laws , there is something in this, 
  i think that was what this comic was referring to . 
  what is polan holding ? 
  wow , i totally expected it to fly apart when it splat . 
  ( i 've even seen this gif before . 
  fail , fail . ), 
  and yet it had nothing on proteins . 
  :( that 's okay , we did n't know so much about them back then . 
  i 'd totally sponsor a two-page spread on protein motors and dynamos if i had the money . 
  ( i 'm a protein engineer . ), 
  that 's expensive !, 
  that 's from philadelphia . 
  i lived in jersey for six years and never heard it , but apparently it 's all around philly and has bled to the southern part of jersey . 
  i 've always called them `` sneakers '' , but i 've called them `` gym shoes '' and have heard them called `` gym shoes '' in the context that they 're shoes you , you know , wear for gym . 
  like , with `` gym '' describing `` shoes '' , not as a whole phrase . 
  and mischief night is regional to philadelphia . 
  [ by the way , if you liked this and you live in north america you might want to see this ] ( http://aschmann.net/ameng/ ), 
  no kidding , once in new jersey we had a regular , cold winter for most of the winter , and then suddenly it turned basically summer . 
  and so i went skiing/snowboarding ... in a short-sleeved t-shirt and snow pants . 
  i never got cold . 
  i always wish this could happen every year . 
  the figure is the amount of lines of cobol existing grows by like a million lines per year or something ? 
  depends on where . 
  the border between ny and nj , you have to put up with fucking graffiti . 
  you can use anything as a verb . 
  it 's a new feature of the english language . 
  good job on having a truly unpopular opinion . 
  but , i do n't think so -- drunk people can be dangerous and violent and sometimes even drive . 
  stoned people are very docile and do n't have any capacity to cause real harm . 
  driving stoned is an activity that can go fuck itself , though . 
  and both being drunk and stoned are n't as good as being lucid , in most ways . 
  thanks , but all of these are pretty useless . 
  i was looking for , like , kitchen utensils and furniture . 
  that 's why you * read it all the way through before you actually do it . 
  coming up : * serbia revolutions *, 
  ah , i 'm in california now . 
  this was several years ago . 
  it worked on me to the extent that i thought i heard a vaguely high-pitched sound for a moment when he said `` high-pitched sound '' , but i could n't tell whether it was supposed to be there or whether the audio quality was shit . 
  combined with that i guessed the intention from the beginning , as a result i experienced nothing . 
  oh man , this is very inspiring . 
  mobile bases are awesome . 
  although personally i do n't think it can accomplish much more than a space station , especially since space stations are so much more easy to rendezvous with . 
  i 've got ta fling one of these onto duna or eve or laythe one of these days . 
  i have kethane , kas , mechjeb , and universe replacer . 
  but the kethane and kas are obsolete . 
  maybe it 's one of those ? 
  i love the improvements they 've made to making the physics smoother , at any rate . 
  with mansails on it . 
  ( basically describes all of your work ), 
  all those tanks and boosters are * full . 
  * do n't you just love that feeling ? 
  believe it or not the thing [ kept falling apart when i was sending it up ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/1tl58p/has_anyone_noticed_the_kraken_being_more_active/ ) . 
  i blame the kraken . 
  ( btw i actually have a * ton * of space on there , mostly on the orange tanks . 
  i have no idea what to do with it . 
  ox-stats ? ),
