  ( i was making fun of it ), 
  that would be `` cano '' . 
  and then yes . 
  kill it , it 's invasive !, 
  why ? 
  i do n't think you understand the role of coral in marine ecosystems . 
  our oxygen would be fine . 
  things that feed on coral , though , like certain fish , would indeed die . 
  huh . 
  every professor i 've listened to says `` moo '' . 
  but the two are n't even semantically equivalent . 
  the first is comparison , the other is assignment . 
  make up your minds !, 
  wow , that has to be some of the worst formatting i 've ever ever seen . 
  i wish there were some way we could fix it , or , failing that , bring it to the attention of people who can . 
  unfortunately , i do n't know enough wikipedia to do that . 
  do you at least know of some sort of alert thingy we could put on it ? 
  edit : tada , it 's slightly less horrible now . 
  still rather bad , though . 
  edit 2 : fully fixed . 
  the only part that is confusing to me is the line that points straight out left . 
  are you supposed to just turn left ? 
  could you tell me what that book was , please ? 
  i 've been diagnosed with add ( and depression , now ) and i still do n't believe it . 
  thank you for the lengthy compliment !, 
  personally all i see when i look at it is lots of flaws and not enough character voice . 
  it was written offhand . 
  oh well , good to know that an outside observer likes it !, 
  this was n't a thoughtful or funny post . 
  lol he has no legs so we should recommend something that needs legs , boom hahaha . 
  it was a waste of time looking at it . 
  let 's hope it was n't a waste of time commenting on it . 
  i look forward to better content in the future . 
  you should have saved the sj disdain for the replies to the comment you replied to . 
  they 're along the lines of , `` only women and gays are shallowly interested in trinkets like expensive bags ! '', 
  well , elevated above anyone who seriously considered the comedic content of and still upvoted the post , maybe . 
  i do n't think the average person ( over 13 ) would find this funny . 
  education is throwing money down the toilet ? 
  jeez . 
  thank you very much for the flattery !, 
  you will get it back one day . 
  i was n't really thinking of any of those things when i wrote it though . 
  more like , `` some curse words , not too much because he does n't do that , insult the guy , go with the traditional ' i ca n't believe you 're me , i 'm not this terrible ' route like karkat often does . '', 
  it 's more of a direct copy of hussie than any original stepping in karkat 's shoes . 
  yeah , but it would hurt your eyes because the fill for the renewables would overwhelm the fill for the other ones . 
  you would n't be able to fit the other resources as well as they fit on that graph . 
  the inaccuracy here is still a crime , though . 
  if you 're going for reddit , you can scratch the `` white people are evil '' part . 
  reddit is brogressive . 
  swimming ? 
  rowing ? 
  personally , i think anything competitive can be a sport , including golf . 
  yes , we may give it that . 
  it 's a sport . 
  but it 's * violent * , and * hurts people * , and is * generally played by assholes * . 
  that 's why i 'm against it . 
  it 's a sport , but a bad sport . 
  nooo !, 
  you 're scaring it . 
  \\* mantes, 
  or mantises, 
  no [ 8 ] ( / ag ) s at all . 
  which makes the fantrolls less canon and more hypothetical . 
  whoopie . 
  semantically , it might be better to express it as : dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd . 
  yes . 
  for some reason , whenever anyone asks on the internet the id of a rock they found , invariably at least one person replies that it 's slag , no matter how ridiculuous the claim . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  the problem is more interesting for n  0 . 
  hey , i missed you !, 
  hey , what 's wrong with the other six beta trolls ? 
  did the artist not get around to them yet or something ? 
  html would like to have a word with you . 
  well okay it 's not exactly pred-eight-or , but she and vriska have done the 8 quirk one a fair number of things that do n't have the [ ei ] diphthong in them . 
  i got to `` whose insignificant name i struggle to remember '' and cracked up . 
  jeez , you do n't have * that * much of a reputation for being sardonic or otherwise hurtful . 
  i just miss having one of the regulars around . 
  in particular , motivated skepticism . 
  which is n't actually the same thing . 
  voldy resembles lenin more , though . 
   idreaminmeme, 
  well , this certainly checks out with your post . 
  please do n't do this kind of thing here . 
  exactly , so why use the german spelling of [ \u0283 ] ? 
  it only serves to confuse people who have n't internalized the various orthographies of the world to a degree enough that they 'd know that it was german . 
  and shostakovich had nothing to do with germany . 
  he was russian . 
  and it 's also not the overwhelmingly widely used spelling that you 'll find in any textbook or encyclopedia . 
  it 's not an appropriate spelling . 
  `` menc '' ? 
  what 's that ? 
  methyl ... with a nitrogen and carbon attached ? 
  methyl-isonitrile ? 
  or am i misunderstanding ? 
  then i guess so . 
  although it 's hard to see why he thought of it that way . 
  i guess german must have been the first language he learned with the latin alphabet . 
  but then he must have thought of it as sch in german , not also english , which means we would write it with sch in german , but however is most appropriate in english ... so maybe that 's still not justification enough . 
  by the way , why did he use e-flat for s ? 
  was it because it sounded good , or were there any reasons behind it that derived from some verbalization of e-flat that would make you associate it with the letter s , like b for h ( i actually learned all my music theory in hungary , so really i 'm more comfortable with saying h anyway ) ?
