  it 's bad viral advertising if i have no idea what product to buy . 
  ( then again , i do n't work in advertising ... maybe someone who does can explain it to me ? ), 
  no , but this person sure is . 
  `` china sucks . 
  the culture sucks . 
  they 've always sucked . 
  they 're terrible . 
  nothing good comes from china . '', 
  if this is n't sinophobia ( or more generally xenophobia ) , i do n't know what is . 
  i stayed in a camping on fraser island ( world 's largest island made completely out of sand , right off the coast of australia , full of forests and towns and car rental places ) in the middle of the forest for two weeks . 
  the worst thing that happened to me is a snake in the middle of the path out the camp . 
  i walked around it . 
  i am so glad they only showed the skin and the after , i would n't have been able to stomach her face with the skin ripped off . 
  ( yes , i see that that picture has been posted in this thread . 
  no , i 'm not opening it . ), 
  technically everything does , so that 's not such a huge achievement . 
  i 'd say `` has its own satellites '' . 
  edit : everything physical that is n't a boson , you pedants . 
  elevation differs between different seas , so it 's potentially not a stupid thing to ask on a beach . 
  but this is right next to the pacific ocean right ? 
  then it 's mostly inexcusable . 
  ouranos , we 're looking at you . 
  that one 's kind of a complicated issue though ( although most of the complexity ends up being irrelevant , and gives a straightforward answer ) . 
  we say it 's not the same continent , and that it is not part of the eu , but it is an autonomous region under the british crown , so at least they have some relation to europe . 
  heck , it 's not hard to ask questions the teacher ca n't answer even when they know more about the subject than you . 
  if you do it three days straight then they stop accepting questions from you for the rest of the semester , since you are wasting class time ( which i totally agree with ) . 
  wait till you hear about jupiter and saturn !, 
  they have three layers of clouds : white/vanilla-colored ammonia clouds at the top , and then ammonium hydrosulfide clouds in the middle ( which are the gas that gives stink bombs their smell ) , and then water clouds below . 
  it also contains traces of other gases like phosphine ( which is what walt used to kill people in the first couple episodes of breaking bad ) . 
  it would actually be pretty good for producing our kind of life if the pressure were n't so damn high . 
  heat would n't be a problem because charles 's law ; if you go a short ways down , it 's actually pretty lukewarm . 
  the way jupiter gets its colors is that it has light bands , `` zones '' , made of updrafts where all the ammonia clouds are blown up to the surface , and cause it to be light-colored . 
  the dark bands , `` belts '' , are downdrafts , where the ammonia clouds are sinking and exposing all of the more exotic trace gases below ( as well as the ammonium hydrosulfide layer ) . 
  saturn is really light-colored because it contains tons of ammonia clouds , so i guess it wins the respect medal . 
  uranus and neptune are different ; their color comes from methane , which is the top layer of clouds they have . 
  if you want to see what color methane is , look uranus straight in the eye . 
  ( not literally ; it does n't have any eyes or major vortices afaik . ), 
  that pale blue , completely featureless complexion is pretty much the exact fucking color of methane . 
  neptune has some sort of other gas in addition to methane that makes it more deep blue . 
  we 're not sure exactly what it is . 
  anyway , these guys have four cloud layers !, 
  first there is the methane cloud layer , and then there is the ammonia and hydrogen sulfide layer ( hydrogen sulfide is an evil form of water where instead of oxygen you use sulfur ; it causes brain damage and is explosive and colorless and is a heavier than air gas ; i took a bath in a pool of it once ( yes we are talking about a colorless gas ) , the smell was fucking disgusting ) , and then there is the ammonium hydrosulfide layer , and then the water layer , like on jupiter and saturn . 
  what is funny though is that instead of an ocean of liquid hydrogen ( liquid because it 's compressed ; if you compress it further , it actually becomes a metal !, 
  it 's present as a metal a ways further down on jupiter and saturn , but it 's not the core ) like on the gas giants , the ice giants have an ocean of liquid water below the atmosphere . 
  well , water and probably some other stuff like ammonia . 
  it 's really really pressed together though , so it 's more like a hydrogen/oxygen plasma , and at lower altitudes it gets even weirder . 
  it 's called the `` icy mantle '' but that name is stupid , since the temperatures there are very very very high actually . 
  i think he means the statement that `` technically everything has its own gravitational field '' , which is indeed not true ; i forgot about bosons , which do n't have gravitational fields because they are massless . 
  i 'll concede those . 
  and technically things like ideas do n't have their own gravitational fields , but that 's a dumb objection and i wo n't concede that . 
  edit : `` the ass is n't real , therefore it does n't have a gravitational field '' is another valid but pedantic objection you could have . 
  it is the kind of feeling for which there is no name . 
  you listen and what you feel is n't pleasure , in fact it makes you a little uncomfortable and you think , `` i came here to have honey poured in my ear , not salt . '', 
  so the closest word would be discomfort ? 
  thank you for the compliment , i wish i could write sentences that are n't run-ons but i 'm sleep-deprived, 
  nah , it would explode very quickly unless you kept it at trillions of pascals of pressure . 
  i said it off of the top of my head mostly , but i learned most of it from wikipedia and this one book i had as a kid . 
  nah astronomy ( astrophysics really ) is n't even anywhere near the field of things i can say intelligent things about the most . 
  i know less than a tenth as much about the subject as a professional . 
  i am a biomedical engineer ; if i had the opportunity to say interesting things about protein engineering , or biochemistry , or virology , then you would hear much more interesting and unique things than if i were talking about astrophysics , since most of my knowledge of the latter comes from wikipedia instead of courses . 
  then again some of those would be like me describing a game to you without you getting to play it . 
  tbf it was mixed with high amounts of co2 , so it was n't so bad . 
  but anyway i did n't realize it was hydrogen sulfide until it was too late . 
  the locals and `` tourists '' said it had healing properties ( not that that was a reason that i went there ) . 
  this was in a village on top of a hill in romania ; i wish i could remember the name of that kind of place . 
  what 's funny is you can feel your crotch get very warm from it . 
  i 'm not sure what it is about it ; my first thought is that it stimulates blood vessel widening , but i 'm not so sure about that anymore ( how did it get inside , magic ? ) . 
  in the tourist book it said `` sulfur bath '' , and i thought water full of sulfur would be pleasant to bathe in . 
  yeah sure !, 
  but you might be picturing different music when i say `` honey '' than what i mean , which is just `` harmonious music '' , which is a vast and not-at-all-boring soundworld . 
  i love bash.org . 
  all i have to do to be funny is copy/paste . 
  no i mean i know the * effect * , i believe nearly all of us have experienced it personally , i just think it 's kind of hilarious to have a property of people called `` male masturbatory effectiveness '' , and have an acronym for it . 
  i went to summer school in america , they only made me memorize the names of all the states , not the capitals ( and they did n't teach me any geography outside of america !, 
  but minecraft logic gates do n't work the same way as in real life , and redstone `` circuits '' are unintuitive . 
  ( i do n't care that it 's not an actual circuit , since clearly they 're demonstrating gates , but a block + torch is a very weird way to represent negation . ), 
  there 's a huge fishing industry i hear, 
  what 's the point of making it into a pie chart ? 
  what portion are you plotting ? 
  gas giants have similar cores to ours . 
  ( not the ice giants though . ), 
  biologist here : nope . 
  also let me remind you that the melting point of iron is 1500 c !, 
  it 's not telling me the resonances . 
  they actually do n't mention whether it 's on the centigrade scale or the rankine scale , which really bothers me . 
  edit : by the way , the wikipedia article confirms that its surface temp is somewhere between 2000 c and 2800 c , so there . 
  that 's thermite-hot !, 
  it 's okay , people do n't seem to realize it 's a whole thing , as opposed to a single comic . 
  ah britain * wished * it had a continuous vertical bar like that . 
  then they would have been able to build a transcontinental railroad . 
  germany cut them off , however . 
  there 's different ways to average things . 
  one is mean . 
  another is median . 
  once , i even had to use `` half maximum '' . 
  that 's like telling the president of the us `` you have no power here '' in russia because he told you to stop planning an attack on the white house . 
  if you found atlantis and it still had a civilization but a really weak military , and you were in the mid 1800s , would you try to keep it a secret ? 
  i spent half my childhood in nj , never heard the phrase `` mischief night '' . 
  thermophiles are organisms ( mostly single-celled ) that can withstand temperatures * maybe a little above 100 c * . 
  for 2000 + c , picture lava , molten rock , molten iron , a forge , a very very hot furnace , thermite .
