  some of them try to be at least somewhat nice about it in what way their belief permits them , with their quite annoying `` i feel sorry for you for not being in the light of christ '' or whatever comments , but at least their intentions are good , or neutral . 
  but outnumbering them , or at least overtaking them in voice , are those who are openly attempting to be hurtful towards atheists ( and , i presume , other people who reject the christian faith ) . 
  there 's too damn many of these guys !, 
  they believe the bible verses that you mentioned about hating nonbelievers precede those about loving everyone . 
  ( lulwut a contradiction ? 
  the bible needs a supreme court ) even if that 's what they believe , they should know that that 's not what they should be acting on . 
  common sense !, 
  and human empathy , and all that . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  :( but i continue to be a christian , because i believe in a creator and think much of the bible to be wonderful to behold , some parts as advice , and others as ... stories ? 
  maybe , but that 's not what i 'm going for here . 
  what gets me every time is the thought that god loved us * so much * that he sent his * only son * down to earth to die for our sins . 
  well , those are pretty much the exact words of my priest , anyway ; i do n't care about what it implies , just as long as i hold on to the idea i know god is still in my heart . 
  i 've never really been good at debating the bible , though . 
  :( i think it all comes down to which verses you think hold precedence over which other ones . 
  how are you supposed to argue that ? 
  it 's an injoke !, 
  :d see the top comment . 
  it 's a miniscule fraction of the best thing ever . 
  i think that that particular misspelling is in one of the odd-numbered abominations . 
  but what if everyone followed this philosophy ? 
  it 'll be the first thing i do !, 
  but i 'm in it mostly for the morals . 
  but there is no empirical evidence of their existence , is there ? 
  and there is rational evidence * against * it ( of the `` surely someone would have seen one by now while working in the field '' ) . 
  if you make up a kind of unicorn that is impossible to observe empirically , i 'll condone it !, 
  you 've got me there !, 
  will a `` family '' suffice ? 
  actually , now that he mentions it , i see it too . 
  i 'm a theist , but i downvoted . 
  yeah , i 've noticed . 
  :d apparently you 're the first best , succeeded by the mormons . 
  depending on how useful they are to the beholder , i 'd say . 
  but the recolada !, 
  this place was a default sub ? 
  :o i never even noticed !, 
  i ca n't read the words . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  edit : nvm it 's fixed now !, 
  it 's awesome . 
  except , jade * english * , and how is roxy already alive ? 
  i am fine with nearly all people !, 
  it 's not that i do n't like all atheists , just those few that take insulting theists a bit too far . 
  similarly , i like most christians , with the exception of the fine gentlemen you may find in the comment thread for that article . 
  ... what ? 
  when ? 
  i must see this !, 
  he 'll return on skaia !, 
  in his ship ? 
  besides a sugary drink replacing water , not really . 
  for example , the president is n't just pretty stupid , they 're actually batshit insane . 
  gosh , i love how the condesce body suit design was used for feferi !, 
  that was dissension remix , was n't it ? 
  i got ta go check once i get to a computer that plays flash . 
  edit : my gog , you 're right !, 
  how epic . 
  and because it caulks the holes science does n't cover . 
  so yeah !, 
  12-year-old me would be offended by this . 
  the first two were napoleon and hitler , though . 
  the guy above cites nostradamus . 
  the link is in the present perfect , not the present simple or progressive . 
  it means that , before the present , jake , at one point , hoped that jane would take over bccorp . 
  it does not say how far before the present . 
  i do n't get it . 
  less expensive would be to just use redstone , but then it ca n't sustain the signal without a refresher at some point . 
  what did they usually use ... ? 
  not that you do n't have a good point , but this is the wrong thread to make it ; the christian in question here was n't disparaging anyone . 
  it seems like a double standard here because the majority of the community is comprised of atheists . 
  however , in the `` real world '' , particularly the nation of the united states of america , theists ( especially christians ) greatly outnumber atheists and will take any opportunity to be socially unfair to them . 
  they do everything atheists do here and much worse . 
  atheists often feel alone in that region , especially in the so-called `` bible belt '' , and rightly so . 
  it is not an easy thing to be the target of so much aspersion . 
  holy shit , now i know why someone replied '' [ 11 ] '' when i made a long post about making the game of dwarf fortress four-dimensional ... 
  ... * i * thought it was a good idea . 
  i know dat feel !, 
  recently i 've had an embark whose only ore was native gold . 
  i actually had so much of it that i had enough to make * offerings * to traders . 
  shit , must 've been exceedingly frightening . 
  elephants are one of the most badass creatures there are , along with carp , and ... elephants . 
  someone help me out ? 
  what 's as badass as an elephant ? 
  then you 'd have to find historical evidence . 
  i got it to be stereographically perfect , and i had a potential infinity seconds of glorious 3d . 
  i stopped after like ten , which is way too long to be staring at a guy 's face . 
  but 3d !, 
  okay , so technically not atheism . 
  so what ? 
  and what about `` fake-belief '' ? 
  i dunno , i was a closet atheist for the first several years of my life as well . 
  but the rest of my family is greek catholic , and i 'm totally a christian who goes to church and everything now . 
  ** progress : it can be made backwards **, 
  this goes here because a lot of atheists are outwardly pastafarians , as a joke . 
  but you 're right , this really is a thought-worthy issue !, 
  i 'd discuss it if i had more time . 
  yes, 
  no indication, 
  i 'm saying i used to be an atheist too , but then i took a bible to the knee . 
  okay , but it 's still acceptable to post it here , depending on what people you want to see it . 
  especially in this case , as the people you want to see it are those who saw the original link posted earlier in [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) , which are the people who visit [ / r/atheism ] ( / r/atheism ) .
