  the uber driver arms race continues . 
  i 'm kinda interested to see how it ends , but mostly incredibly relieved that i 'm not an uber driver and incredibly worried for said drivers . 
  southern africa and certain zoos, 
  relatedly , can anyone tell me what the adjectives in front of the classes in the spinner are supposed to be referring to , if anything ? 
  `` damp druid '' sounds like a pun on ramp druid , and `` rouged up rogue '' is a visual pun , but the none of the other ones sound like puns on anything , except maybe `` huffy hunter '' with huffer . 
  here 's all of those , from the wiki :, 
  - mopey mage, 
  - rouged up rogue, 
  - waifish warrior, 
  - damp druid, 
  - huffy hunter, 
  i just do n't get it . 
  whenever i play against this deck , i do everything to stop my opponent from drawing , yet they play like 5 quarries and have their combo by turn 10 . 
  i guess small sample size is the issue ; i 've played a total of , what , 7 games against these guys ? 
  yeah , but it 's maybe the worst title ever posted to this subreddit, 
  except xanthines . 
  those are pure poison . 
  what about ireland, 
  looks like [ sark ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sark ), 
  new card lul, 
  * moana * got chickens so , so right . 
  they 're some of the dumbest and most robotic vertebrates that humans still hang around for some reason ( another one being frogs ) . 
  they 're lucky they 're so tasty . 
  ynl ran two wincons , call of the wild and call of the wild . 
  jeeeez , anyone read the forum thread for this comic ? 
  i just wanted to know whose eyes those were ... 
  eventually , somebody will link the xkcd comic where a guy does that . 
  and then somebody else will replay saying , `` how is it possible that there 's a relevant xkcd for absolutely everything ???????? '', 
  you just wait . 
  unlucky , two off of lethal even if he rolls a huffer ... 
  looks more like something with a smart fill tool with adjustable opacity and threshold , e.g. 
  photoshop or gimp, 
  also , the opponent ran the acolyte into a 1/1 searing totem instead of one of the big dudes . 
  makes me think they had a wincon buried somewhere in the bottom couple of cards in their deck . 
  no , he was correcting the previous poster who said savjz does n't `` wait around and rope his turn away '' . 
  as opposed to american amaz, 
  the counter iron juggernaut tech !, 
  petition to change the wording to , `` choose a friendly basic totem . 
  summon two more of it . '', 
  this works slightly differently from my wording ; this implies that the copies keep any buffs on the totem . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that ... 
  i do n't think tortollan primalist can target itself . 
  so 5 options ? 
  edit : apparently it can . 
  huh . 
  in hungary , a common traditional dish for dinner we have is `` csirkeh\u00fasleves '' . 
  you boil chicken to make soup and broth , and add vegetables , salt , pepper , paprika , and noodles ( such as [ these ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=csigat\u00e9szta&amp;tbm=isch ) , `` snail pasta '' ) . 
  it is not an opaque , brothy , reduced soup , like the american `` chicken noodle soup '' ; rather , it is water that has been flavored by the fact that many things have been boiled in it . 
  nowadays it is also popular to add the swiss broth/spice blend `` maggi '' , which improves the flavor with msg , among other things . 
  growing up , my mother would make this dish a lot , but it would taste bland as you said , because she would not use maggi , on account of some articles that were published back in the day that said msg is unhealthy ( and maybe on account of assuming that everything that is an acronym is a carcinogen ) . 
  my grandmother , however , would make the same recipe , but she would also add maggi , because she had not read those articles , because they were in english , and she does not know english . 
  i would always complain to my mother that she does not make the soup as tasty as my grandmother does , but to this day she will not budge . 
  she insists that it tastes good . 
  one day , when i have enough money and experience , i will make this dish and invite my mother to eat it . 
  i will find a way to outdo the both of them , and i will take on my mother 's self-imposed restriction of not using maggi in order to make it as fair as possible . 
  then my mother will see how good of a chicken soup one can make even if one can not directly use msg , and that she has been making subpar chicken soup this whole time . 
  then i will become recognized as the one in my family who is the best at chicken soup . 
  ( this thread gives me a lot of ideas . 
  possibly , i will make the chicken separately via sous vide , and synthesize the broth some other way , maybe with seaweed and/or fish sauce . 
  got ta experiment to see whether that pans out . ), 
  cooked fish is almost always bland . 
  raw fish is flavorful . 
  even cooked salmon is ruined by how delicious raw salmon is , and cooked salmon is great . 
  what , are you kidding ? 
  handlock does n't need more draw , and it ca n't afford to replace its cards with other , more useless cards . 
  although now at least they can run two-ofs , but what if you mill jaraxxus ? 
  that 's not really how it works here . 
  you 're right that `` what if you mill jaraxxus '' is kind of a silly example and i apologize for it ( i was still in the mindset of msog-era handlock , whose deck was dense with cards that make or break the matchup ) , but this card 's effect is relevant even before you hit fatigue . 
  compare tracking :, 
  - tracking draws a card of your choice out of three and mills the other two , giving you much higher quality for one draw in exchange for replacing what are effectively your last two draws with fatigue draws ( the worst kind of draw ) . 
  because you almost never reach your last two draws , this downside is negligible despite how much worse fatigue draws are than whatever you had in your deck . 
  looking at it another way , your rng does n't become worse until you 've drawn your entire deck . 
  - fel addiction draws two cards and replaces two random draws you may have over the course of the game with a bad to unplayable draw , giving you card advantage in exchange for reducing your draw quality later in the game . 
  besides killing two of your draws , there is another way that this card can be relevant before fatigue . 
  the rng of this distributes differently than shuffling rng , and you have a much higher chance of replacing a particular important card with this than you have of bottomdecking that card . 
  every deck gets away with running certain cards that lose you the match if they are not drawn , because that is very unlikely to happen , because there 's a lot more possible shufflings of the deck where it 's not at the bottom versus where it 's at the bottom . 
  if you are playing 2 cards you ca n't win without , your probability of bottomdecking either of them in the last two cards is 1 - ( 1-2 * 29 ! / 30 !, 
  ) ^ ( 2 ) , or about 13 % . 
  fel addiction , however , replaces cards evenly throughout your deck . 
  if you have 20 cards in your deck after the draw , then the probability of replacing any particular card in two tries is 1 - ( 19/20 ) \\* ( 18/19 ) = 10 % . 
  if you have 15 cards , then it 's 13 % . 
  these are really bad numbers . 
  if you are playing 2 cards you ca n't win without , and you have 20 cards remaining in your deck after the draw , then fel addiction has a 1 - ( 1-10 % ) ^ ( 2 ) = 19 % chance of replacing one of them . 
  this is nearly a best-case scenario . 
  your only saving grace is that , throughout the game , you will probably draw your irreplaceable cards , and it will become less bad to replace cards in your deck in terms of deleting good cards . 
  however , the reduction of draw quality effect will be stronger ( because there will be less cards in your deck , so you will be more likely to draw another fel addiction instead of something useful ) , and drawing cards just is n't needed or useful for mid-late game handlock anyway . 
  so about the only way this is useful is playing this turn 2 and landing a mountain giant or 4/10 twilight drake on turn 4 or 5 , or maybe a demonwrath on turn 3 . 
  a card that you have to topdeck for it to be useful is ... not a good card . 
  not to mention one that has an 8-10 % chance of deleting jaraxxus or something even when it 's played on curve . 
  this is in * addition * to the bottomdecking possibility , unlike tracking , which makes no difference . 
  probably targeted hero powers just would n't get cast . 
  go move to greece , they still distinguish non-final and final s, 
  winner gets land continuous over all uralic speakers ( except through hungary and romania ), 
  edit : you people are [ bad at geography ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0b/idioma_h\u00fangaro.png ) ( shown is map of current extent of hungarian language ), 
  how do american english speakers live with having a long vowel before what used to be a double consonant ? 
  it 's so un-germanic . 
  [ map of hungarian speakers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0b/idioma_h\u00fangaro.png ), 
  yeah , either it 's playable and you 'd queue into questlock on ladder and die on turn 4 to cancer , or it does n't see play at all . 
  it 's not an issue , i 'm just making fun of you . 
  i guess the closest it gets to being an issue is that one wants to spell `` stopped '' as `` stoped '' because of the long vowel .
