  actually some even before that , during a5a1 and some parts in the middle of a5a2 . 
  i still follow it though , because i will damn well see it through to completion , and because you guys are fun , and because , despite getting tired of homestuck itself , i love the serial experience , which happens only once in a lifetime . 
  a squiggly line in tikz ? 
  just \\ usetikzlibrary { snakes } and snake style the line . 
  why would they ? 
  / r/buildapc is short for `` build a pasta cookout '' , noob . 
  if you were thirteen you 'd understand ; it 's a joke . 
   is concerned with pirate lingo , uses the term `` thems the breaks '' , loves spiders, 
  are you vriska serket ? 
  * voxels, 
  either one , just not pixels . 
  what i 've never understood about general relativity is , if gravity is only the curvature of space , then how come if i have a thing that 's completely lacking velocity in the outer reaches of a gravitational field , and i let go of it , then it starts to move towards the center of the gravitational field ? 
  what 's moving it , if not a gravitational force ? 
  but because new paragraphs are n't indented , usually it looks like you did n't do the break at all , so this is not an advisable thing to do . 
  well , since the rate at which your lips grow inwards when shut is exactly 0 cm/yr ( from each corner ) , and your lips are somewhere around 3 cm long , the answer is 3 cm / ( 2 * 0 cm/yr ) , which is approximately infinity . 
  so never . 
  - minecarts, 
  - pigs, 
  - boats, 
  - gravity, 
  exajoules is way too big a unit to use . 
  unless you 're taking advantage of the fact that numbers between zero and one are referred to in the plural . 
  any actual papers on this ? 
  ( also , this article would point to the time for your lips to grow shut to be between 1 day and 2 years . ), 
  what about mersenne twister ? 
  it 's supposed to be very good . 
  ( not like i 'm an expert or anything . ), 
  but * everywhere ? 
  you do n't like having to walk everywhere . 
  however , i have shown that you can go to :, 
  - places where you 've already been, 
  - across bodies of water, 
  - places where a pig can go , for a limited amount of time, 
  - anything straight below you , as long as there 's water at the bottom, 
  without walking . 
  therefore the places where you have to walk are no longer everywhere , just places not included in that set of places . 
  i 'm remarking that you still have a problem with it . 
  finnish has an actual fourth person ( as opposed to a technical definition like `` first person plural '' ) . 
  it is roughly equivalent to our usage of `` one '' , as in `` one gets tired while running '' . 
  i do n't know how strictly it is the fourth person in the way that all the rest are generated , but it is an additional perspective from the other three . 
  it is also notable that you can combine persons . 
  first person `` inclusive '' ( grammatically distinct in certain languages ) is really first plus second person : it refers to the speaker and the person spoken to as a group . 
  you can generalize this idea to any combination of persons , of which , counting singletons and the fourth person , there are 2 ^ 4 - 1 = 15 . 
  then you can also inflect for number . 
  there is no shortage of persons . 
  ... doing * what ? 
  close , it 's waterford whispers , which is like the irish version of the onion . 
  sigh . 
  my friends do this , and i have to be the one to look out for whether we are actually standing in a place where we are n't intruding . 
  and we always are . 
  a lot of the time it 's actually unavoidable . 
  if it were up to me , every room everywhere would measure at least thirty metres both ways . 
  but that does n't necessarily solve the problem , even . 
  so i dunno , maybe we could ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'll move to a hut in a goddamned meadow someday . 
  this is what we use in hungary . 
  also japan . 
  and apparently it 's iso standard ? 
  they could ban people that comment on the post . 
  edit : i 'm giving a description of what other subs that do enforce the rule do . 
  or did . 
  what 's wrong with my comment ? 
  if they had posted in the meta thread . 
  it happens a lot , actually . 
  it was enough genetic code to fit in a small notebook . 
  that 's , like , five proteins . 
  that 's hardly enough to code for a virus , forget even a bacterium . 
  at most what it did was give scratch some sort of marker that gave him user permissions for the green sun . 
  the rest was done by the sburb alchemy system . 
  ... anyway , it 's not a shitload . 
  more of an assload . 
  huh . 
  we 've looked at the same poster as each other , before . 
  that 's `` lelmer '' - s. 
  was the first anime actually incorporated into canon ? 
  if it was , i missed it . 
  sorry , no . 
  the problem is , first of all , that it 's made up of a complex mixture of moving gifs , static gifs , pngs , and colored text . 
  those are all things that are nontrivial to put in , at least , a pdf , which is meant only for static stuff . 
  second , besides that , there 's also interactive bits too : swf items are fairly ubiquitous , and three or four of the pages incorporate html5 games . 
  these are of course impossible to put into any sort of compilation without doing lots of work to find a usable medium ( which exist : for example , wolfram cdf ) , convert it to that medium , and put that medium on a phone . 
  lastly , sometimes the site layout also changes as you progress through the comic , which is actually , as of recently , particularly critical to the viewing experience . 
  it 's possible to work around this in a compilation , though . 
  if i had infinite time , one of the things i 'd do is find a way to creatively make a pdf out of it . 
  there 's a similar idea in the graphic novels of it that were released . 
  however , they do n't offer the full experience ( and do n't yet cover anything but the beginning yet anyway ) . 
  i once visited that place , and the current top link was one that told people how to not sound stupid when they are using the internet . 
  it was a list of common homophones ( like `` your '' and `` you 're '' ) . 
  and that 's what they found useful to upvote . 
  i think teenaged me would have felt very , very insulted if someone had presumed that it was useful to him . 
  i guess the subreddit somehow accumulates individuals who are below average ( in terms of ... 
  i do n't even know ) more than anyone else . 
  the facebook ones show up very often in ggg , too . 
  i think it 's less of a gender thing in that case and more that these people somehow do n't want their friends to post to facebook , irrespective of gender ? 
  do they not like facebook or something ? 
  what would constitute a post they 'd like to see ? 
  i 'd better ask . 
  but anyway , they perceive ggg in the same manner in terms of facebook posts . 
  although it 's ~ ~ unicode ~ ~ extended ascii characters that df uses , `` ascii graphics '' is an idiomatic phrase that refers to any usage of fixed-width text as graphics .
