  i shall return thence , and drag whoever is responsible for this unbearable torture with me . 
  then we will be equal . 
  then we will have suffered . 
  ( they 're korean ; you might have already known that , but it was too good not to correct ), 
  oh , no , it was !, 
  it looks very pretty . 
  but i regard tatooine as mostly astronomically impossible . 
  no , no , you misunderstand me . 
  we 're in the same boat here . 
  i only vaguely remember certain aspects of the game , and ca n't tell whether this is the same thing or not . 
  yeah , but the question is , what the fuck happens when it goes in between the two stars . 
  well , not directly in between , as i know figure 8 orbits are unstable as fuck , but , you know , the point at which it is equidistant from both stars . 
  they 'd have to be pretty damn close together to pull that off . 
  that means that eventually the two stars would lose their momentum , and merge . 
  we could be there before it happened , but there 's life on there . 
  i do n't think it would be possible for life to evolve in such a short amount of time , while it 's still binary . 
  astronomy fan , not a star wars fan . 
  i know next to nothing about star wars ; i have seen some of the movies , and picked up a lot from the internet , but i have n't ever actually read the books . 
  i know they are possible . 
  just life would be horribly unlikely . 
  and 3 miles was hyperbole . 
  oh , i know !, 
  well , orbiting the barycenter with a highly eccentric orbit . 
  or , if you prefer , it 's orbiting both stars . 
  well , i 've had to design several planetary binary systems , and if there 's one thing i 've learned is that the sky never looks like that on tatooine . 
  i use dreamweaver , but never the wysiwyg editor ; just for the syntax help ... in fact , i just wrote a website in it , purely with text . 
  it was a small one , though , and looked a damn hell lot better than [ this monstrosity . 
  ] ( http://www.stmarysbcc.org/main.html ) ( look at the fucking source code , holy shit ), 
  in my total revision , i have one css sheet , with all of the elements neatly grouped into top-levels , classes , and ids , and alphabetized . 
  well , one particular element has its own css sheet , but that hardly counts . 
  i have two javascript linkages , one to jquery hosted off the server . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
  hmm , i 'd say my favorite would be the earthscraper . 
  if it exists ( googling right after i make this post ) , i really must visit it . 
  besides that , i 'd definitely stealing [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/47sdc.png ) design for my barracks , and if i ever get far enough that it becomes sandbox-like , then i 'll build something similar to glimmerhold . 
  broken link d :, 
  err , `` historical evidence '' then ? 
  evidence based on history . 
  as opposed to evidence from present findings . 
  like , calculations and experiments . 
  yes , i know that . 
  apparently there 's about twelve or so of them . 
  but life supporting ? 
  really ? 
  but to support life at all , it needs to be in the habitable zone of both stars at the same time , always . 
  this means that the stars have to be at most the sum of the distances of the outer limits of their habitable zones apart . 
  let 's say they 're both spectral class k , the type of star that is both smaller and dimmer than the sun and most suited to life . 
  k stars ' habitable zones lie at around \u221a ( 1/2 ) = 0.7 au , meaning that the two stars would have to be around 1.4 au apart for planet habitability . 
  for comparison , there 's about 20 au between alpha centauri a and b ( a g star , like our sun , and a k star ) , as well as between sirius a and b ( a class a star and a class b star ) . 
  no way in hell are the two suns of tatooine orbiting each other at 1.4 au . 
  edit : tried to find closest binary orbit , but was n't able to do so . 
  however , i know that mass transfer would generally begin before that point ( unless it 's like two brown dwarfs or something ) . 
  no , i stated that a figure 8 was stupid as fuck in another post . 
  i mean an ellipse . 
  i know that they function like two solitary stars ; what i 'm saying is that their habitable zones have to overlap for the planet to be in the habitable zone at all times . 
  which , thinking about it , is n't even fucking possible . 
  unless one star had a farther out habitable zone than the other . 
  no , even then . 
  just no fucking way . 
  edit : you know , if the planet 's orbit period was long enough ( read : the planet orbited slowly enough ) , it could evolve life by spending enough time in a given habitable zone ... question is , would the life die out when it moved back out ? 
  or sands . 
  \\* all the profanity supplied by me *, 
  where would that be , and would that make a difference ? 
  may i see some sort of contour plot ? 
  [ legit questions ], 
  edit : poked around for such a thing , found nothing . 
  :( guess we 're gon na have to make one . 
  d : [ searched `` luminosity binary star system contour plot '' in google images ], 
  the lack of trading might result from your relationship between you and the other person . 
  my friend and i trade often when catan-dueling . 
  where 's this from ? 
  kinda made me go & amp ; amp ; # 3232 ; _ & amp ; amp ; # 3232 ; , then & amp ; amp ; # 3232 ; o & amp ; amp ; # 3232 ; . 
  would n't mass transfer occur if they were that fucking close ? 
  that 's , like , some serious stellar homoeroticism there . 
  as someone who only knows very obscure brands of boats ... wow looks like the one brand i knew for sure flew right off the map . 
  anyway ... as someone who knows no brands of boats , i think the joke can be gotten from context , as well as the association of `` craft '' with nautical navigation . 
  for my purposes , it, 
  that 's what i figured . 
  :( no tatooine for us !, 
  really ? 
  i must see this in action . 
  this law may be helpful to me ; i 'm both looking for sources of creativity , and am a known procrastinator ( i 'm wanted in 41 countries , and the city-state of singapore ) . 
  also , i never miss an opportunity to draw a good skeletal structure . 
  just no . 
  xkcd has one of the most arrogant , delusional fandoms ever . 
  please do n't make me think you 're one of them . 
  edit : surprise , a downvote to me !, 
  keep 'em coming , xkcd fans are fucking everywhere , and about 20 % assholes . 
  how do you play without stands ? 
  memorization ? 
  i 'll bet that works great with sight-reading . 
  i do n't think it 's inherently bad , undignifying , etc. 
  to like xkcd . 
  but if you think it 's the funniest and truest thing since the invention of `` that 's what she said '' , and think it 's absolutely hilarious to reference it whenever , then you qualify as `` arrogant and delusional '' . 
  i think you are neither ( i think it 's a pretty okay meme to have ) , but whenever i see an xkcd fan on the ` net , i reflexively default to the `` complete retard '' impression . 
  i suppose i should n't be talking as a homestuck fan , whose fandom is actually notorious for being the biggest collection of the weirdest , most fucked-up , and morally unbounded people on the planet , even though it contains an actually large percentage of people who are n't aspies ( if the reader is at this point preparing to make a comment about political correctness , please shut the fuck up whoever you are ) , including me ( well , i am on the autistic spectrum , but i was using the derogatory term ) . 
  best wishes and have a nice ~ ~ day ~ ~ night !, 
  i can not upvote this hard enough . 
  yeah , but i was under the mistaken impression that he was replying to another comment which did involve a korean group . 
  yes,
