  those are nowhere near prominent enough that you would see them with a high shutter speed . 
  and anyway the fundamental overwhelms all . 
  we have a whole forest of these . 
  edit : really , the place is called `` the b\u00fckk '', 
  no , it 's an actual stereotype people have about women !, 
  unfortunately even my own father had this ... has this i guess . 
  ( in fact iirc in saudia arabia driving is prohibited for women , but i 'm not sure that that 's related . ), 
  ... are you guys in fourth grade or something ? 
  money buys you peace of mind , at least for some amount of money . 
  probably if you are a large business owner or something like that then money probably does the opposite of buying you peace of mind . 
  no , it is n't chi . 
  chi is deeper : \u03c7 . 
  some people just write their x 's like that . 
  like me . 
  wait , for serious ? 
  poor guy ... 
  meanwhile i never had a big bro , but i fell for this at arcades when i sat down and `` played '' the demo sequence . 
  jesus chirst graywolf, 
  fun fact : in translations of `` cinderella '' to languages other than english , the `` cinder '' root is kept roughly the same . 
  for example , we call her `` hamupip\u0151ke '' in hungarian ; `` hamu '' means `` ash '' . 
  ( i do n't know what the rest is supposed to mean exactly . ), 
  it does n't take too much thought to figure out what `` aschenputtel '' is cognate to in german , either . 
  directed by m. night shyamalan . 
  seriously , that 's a terrible twist . 
  well sure you ca n't be * everything * you want to be , not in 75 years . 
  the solution is to want to be the person who invents immortality . 
  people only hate it when they have to * hear * about crossfit . 
  that 's not necessarily a good thing , because they 're potentially missing out . 
  tell that to all the downvotes chillax got . 
  what i mean is , that is a surprisingly fast plane . 
  sorry , meant plane . 
  imagine taking it to eve !, 
  i 'm still trying to optimize my eve-and-back mission , and it 's recently come to my attention that i might be able to get to orbit with just a tiny ssto . 
  unfortunately i am downright horrible at making planes in general , let alone sstos . 
  i read that !, 
  i thought i 'd stop sucking at planes , but it turned out i was wrong . 
  ah , do n't worry , much messing around has taken place . 
  :d my most successful creation is a fuel tank with wings and three eas seats , meant to tow people around on eve . 
  it ... needs work . 
  i just ca n't go for long amounts of time designing a plane and not feeling like i 'm wasting my time and should get back to * real * rocketry . 
  mostly because it 's incredibly frustrating !, 
  i 'll get that perfect ssto someday ... :p but anyway congrats on your plane , i hope one day i 'll build something like it . 
  bitches to land though . 
  i put parachutes on mine but they 're not so useful if i accidentally fly into the ground . 
  i have discovered , though , that kerbals can get flung out of their seats due to large shocks , which makes my `` orbital drop a fuel-tank-with-wings with a kerbal on it '' strategy quite useless . 
  yeah , that 's their purpose !, 
  see , the original plan ( actually the ongoing plan ) was/is that i 'll leave the transfer stage in orbit , plop my gigantic lander down on eve , pilot the lander back up to the transfer stage , rendezvous with it , and , instead of docking because i hate docking , i just eva jeb and co. and seat them on externally-attached girders-with-seats-and-parachutes-attached-to-them , hightail it back to kerbin , and crash the transfer stage but eject jeb and co. 
  this went smoothly up until the last step , where , upon the parachutes opening fully , the shock snaps jeb out of his seat and into the air . 
  i 've been trying to make it more friendly but i 'm not sure how . 
  where tiny planes come into this is that i plan to rescue thebkerbals i stranded on eve in my previous experimentation , except i have no patience/ability to do a precision landing so close to them . 
  the solution is to bring along a tiny plane with me that seats more than one kerbal and use it to find them . 
  great , except i suck at making and piloting planes . 
  moreover it is logistically very hard to find out where to attach it !, 
  i tried putting it horizontally on top of the lander and the rocket tipped over very soon after launch . 
  i 'm currently investigating attaching it stack-like . 
  i might have to redesign it to be better , though . 
  i do n't think it 's meant to be a realistic depiction of being high ; after all , polandball is not a realistic depiction of history . 
  or all of europe, 
  google image 'd it . 
  conclusion : there 's no * good * place to have an abscess polyp . 
  ( worst ones are probably the ones in your nose or on your gums ... or maybe the real flat ones that are hard to pop . ), 
  it 's adorable !, 
  that 's actually considered really rare . 
  you 'd be surprised as to how common `` rare '' diseases are . 
  i 'd remove lines 8-10 . 
  that way , either they have to close it for themselves , or it stays open until the next time . 
  same amount of noise , potentially several times the annoyance . 
  i tried doing this , then i remembered in linux that 's the screen-switching shortcut . 
  ... i 've been using linux since it was invented . 
  edit : the point is i 'm an idiot , not that i use linux, 
  sci-fi : making my profession slightly relevant since 1977 . 
  more like , / r/iamaforgetfulidiot, 
  edit : hey , that 's actually a really fun sub !, 
  thanks !, 
  edit 2 : holy shit , / r/archlinuxcirclejerk exists, 
  you 're posting online instead of talking to your wife about any of this . 
  how do you know he did n't talk to her about this ? 
  you should at least give him the benefit of the doubt . 
  good lord that floor is dirty . 
  is that outside ? 
  yes , * much * less than guys fabricate crazy girlfriend stories , amirite ? 
  i just never , ever sit down . 
  mustard gas , that 's worse . 
  joke 's on you , it 's a laptop !, 
  would n't that be an aileron roll that google does ? 
  i have to reinstall ` linux ` and ` udev ` using the liveusb , every time there 's a kernel update . 
  ( except once , but it broke my nvidia drivers then . ), 
  who cares, 
  they also refunded all the internet i used during hurricane sandy . 
  '' ... on a frictionless planar surface in a vacuum with uniform gravity ... '', 
  for me , it was the opposite . 
  i ran out of games to play that i liked , so i figured i could finally get away from video games and spend all my time reading and stuff . 
  then i discovered ksp and it seems to take up all my free time and non-free time . 
  pff , bioengineering ? 
  i got spore because i was * interested * in bioengineering from the very start , and then i got it and realized there was no way a bioengineering game would have worked anyway . 
  organisms are n't made of legos ; it 's not better arms , or better legs that give you evolutionary advantages ; it 's a more creative process than that . 
  you get really , really unique evolutionary strategies that vary practically from species to species , often relying on unique metabolic processes . 
  it 's not about designing the organism , it 's about designing the * parts * . 
  ( spore could have been a lot better , though : differentiation and biomes , just off of the top of my head . ), 
  i am now a biomedical engineer , currently a protein engineer ( no thanks to spore ) , and i think it might be a good idea to look into making a ksp-type game , but for proteins .
