  how did you make it big enough ? 
  did you splice the pictures together ? 
  i love how you can zoom in on the labeled parts . 
  now i know what reverse-transcriptase looks like . 
  i 'm pretty stupid at iupac naming conventions . 
  is it a or c ? 
  i 'm not sure whether that 's technically the macintosh logo or not . 
  could just be the finder icon . 
  ( i 'm operating on the unproved theorem that `` one company may have only one logo at one time '' . ), 
  come on . 
  it 's an angular s , and then another angular s through it rotated 90 degrees . 
  ( if you also reverse the next s , you get what is sort of the fedora logo . ), 
  i have a apple laptop i bought in 1994 that does that . 
  pb duo 280c, 
  american netflix feels like this as well . 
  that 's what i figured , too , but i 'm very not sure . 
  edit : okay , now i 'm sure . 
  it 's a. i thought both of them said bicyclooctane , but c says bicyclononane , which is n't the case . 
  edit 2 : wait , do n't methyl groups come before ethyl groups ? 
  it might be b. 
  ( in the future please put statistics-related questions in / r/statistics ), 
  it 's a measure of deviation from the expected outcome of the results of an experiment . 
  if your results deviate enough , then it means that you 're basing your expectations on the wrong thing . 
  particular chi-square values correspond to particular probabilities of those values having deviated that much , and usually there 's a rule for how low the probability has to be for your results to be considered `` statistically significant '' , i.e. 
  to be considered an indication that something is wrong with the model . 
  you calculate chi-square by finding the difference between each of your values and the value you expected it to be , squaring it , and dividing it by the expected value . 
  sum this up over all your values , and you have your chi-square . 
  in equation form :, 
  where o is the observed value , e is the expected value , and sum ( ) just sums the argument up across all the different values . 
  you then find the probability for your chi-square by plugging it into the chi-square distribution ( a function that takes a chi-square value and outputs a probability for it ) . 
  you also need to know the `` degrees of freedom '' of your data , which is basically how many different independent variables you had , with some leeway , as the chi-square distribution changes based on that . 
  ( for the ap bio problems , degrees of freedom is always gon na be 1 . ), 
  higher degrees of freedom make higher chi-square values more `` unimpressive '' , i.e. 
  have higher probabilities . 
  questions ? 
  a then . 
  there 's a function known as the [ chi-squared distribution ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chi-squared_distribution ) . 
  if you put a chi-squared value into the function , it outputs the probability that you 'd get a chi-squared value that big or bigger . 
  you do n't have to know how to calculate the function yourself , but you do have to know how to use one of these [ tables ] ( http://whichbobareyou.com/uploads/2/9/4/6/2946053/9419235_orig.png?288 ) , which are tables of precomputed values of the function . 
  if you want to see whether your chi-squared value has a probability that is less than a particular probability ( making the data statistically significant ) , then you find the column for that probability , the row for the degrees of freedom you 're using , and compare the chi-squared value where they intersect to your chi-squared value . 
  if the table 's value is less than yours , then your probability is under the probability you 're looking for . 
  if the table 's value is greater than yours , then your probability is greater than the one you 're looking for . 
  the standard barrier for statistical significance is p < 0.05 : if your probability is less than 0.05 , then it 's statistically significant , suggesting that there 's something wrong with the model you used for the expected values . 
  ( or that you 've fucked up the experiment somehow . 
  large sample sizes and repeated experiments are your friend . ), 
  yeah , it acts more like ... some sort of non-viscous goo that has uniform physical properties throughout . 
  i love what it can already do , though . 
  i was going to rant , but [ someone has already done so for me . 
  ] ( http://lesswrong.com/lw/mm/the_fallacy_of_gray/ ), 
  someone else did that too ( specifically , hitchhiked to alaska ) , and starved . 
  potatoes are unreliable , i think , was the cause of that . 
  ... that 's a new idea . 
  why do you say so ? 
  no trust me , once i got -50 in five minutes or so . 
  and once i saw this guy , like 9 months ago , who got over a thousand in just a few hours . 
  did n't delete the post or anything . 
  no , just a random guy . 
  he said he was n't too worried about it , since he usually gets guilty and deletes his reddit accounts every 2 months or so . 
  milk cooling . 
  edit . 
  it was a joke ... 
  i feel the same about white people , too . 
  it 's a paradox . 
  naively , you 'd pick 0.25 , but there 's two of those , making the probability 0.5 . 
  however , another turn of the logic crank shows that there 's only one answer saying 0.5 , making the probability 0.25 instead , bringing us back to the beginning . 
  the correct answer is , in fact , 0 . 
  ( appropriate , since it does n't appear among the answers . ), 
  probably 0 < n < 10 . 
  that works for wikipedia links , but sometimes it 's very non-obvious how to remove it . 
  for example , i once linked to an amazon review , and there was a large public outcry that it was mobile . 
  the solution ? 
  there was a part of the path in the middle of the link , like `` mw '' or something ( probably for `` mobile website '' ) that you had to remove . 
  it 's terrible . 
  the question is asking what your probability of getting the question right is before answering the question , assuming you guess randomly , not what it is afterwards . 
  also , you ca n't choose 0 . 
  it 's not on the list . 
  you 're supposed to `` get a job '' . 
  i 'm not sure what that means . 
  `` job '' means `` phd '' , right ? 
  no , it 's proven ( theoretically , not experimentally ) that no atom may exist with a weight more than 131 . 
  edit : nuclear charge , sorry . 
  my bad . 
  edit 2 : aaand it 's 137 , not 131 . 
  ( 1 / \u03b1 ; alpha is the fine structure constant , the coupling constant of em , for those unaware . ), 
  no , i am . 
  you should read * fine structure * by sam hughes . 
  it sort of takes the idea and runs with it . 
  heh , not * so * deeply ingrained in our brains . 
  you 'd be surprised at the amount of people who will expect pendulums going circularly to fall circularly after they 're cut loose . 
  sorry , it 's nuclear charge and not atomic weight , and , furthermore , it 's 137 , not 131 . 
  that 's what i get for trying to remember physics trivia at 4 am . 
  what makes the hetalia fandom bad ? 
  i know nothing about it , but i 've read the hetalia comics . 
  yeah always watercool all your carps . 
  i tried building a low-end pond with a fan setup , with just one common goldfish , and it overheated and died on me in less than a day . 
  i rma 'd it and got the same results . 
  meanwhile , * both * of my ram carps overheated and died , along with my canadian pondweed unit . 
  i could n't believe it ; i had sunk so much money into that build !, 
  my harsh lesson was that you should * always * get yourself a watercooling setup , no matter the cost -- your carps will thank you for it . 
  welcome to maoz !,
