  heir of breath : can create wind . 
  ( godtier : tornadoes and such . ), 
  maid of breath : can increase or decrease air movement in a large area . 
  ( godtier : hurricanes and such . ), 
  thief of breath : creates acute vacuums . 
  rogue of breath : changes pressure of air in a large area ( godtier can do planet-wide weather changes ) . 
  prince of breath : can create fluid `` wells '' . 
  ( godtier : black holes ), 
  bard of breath : can lower or completely annul air resistance . 
  ( godtier can crash planes and such . ), 
  witch of breath : can redirect existing wind . 
  mage of breath : can reorganize large areas of the atmosphere . 
  knight of breath : can fashion solid objects out of air . 
  sylph of breath : can create temporary buildings out of air . 
  page of light : can see all of his potential dice rolls before he chooses to make them . 
  seer of light : can only see d20 actions , but for everyone . 
  heir of light : can add a certain amount to their dice rolls . 
  maid of light : lowers the amount needed to complete/save for everyone . 
  can redistribute these per turn . 
  thief of light : worsens enemies ' dice rolls and uses it to augment theirs . 
  rogue of light : same , but less , and can give it to * anyone * . 
  prince of light : can cause anyone to fail their dice rolls . 
  bard of light : heightens the amount needed to save/accomplish for enemies . 
  witch of light : can determine the dice roll ( lower levels just set a range ) . 
  made of light : sets range of dice rolls for everyone ( of the `` can not roll below a 2 '' variety ) . 
  knight of light : can choose from a variety of special effects to accompany dice rolls . 
  sylph of light : higher chance of critical hits for everyone . 
  note : all heroes of time always know exactly how long the session has been running for . 
  they also all have a beat mesa on their planet . 
  note for redditors : the game allows , and sometimes enforces , time travel , usually within causal bounds . 
  page of time : is able to view his stats at any point in time , projected into the future as well . 
  seer of time : can view everyone 's temporal position on a nice big timeline . 
  heir of time : can stop or slow down time in a small area , or go really fast ( but get tired and hungry much quicker ) . 
  ( godtier can stop the whole session , and teleport around instantly . ), 
  maid of time : can stop time for specific people , or the inverse of freezing those people in time . 
  thief of time : can age enemies . 
  rogue of time : can channel the enemies ' productivity towards the team 's . 
  has an awesome fraymotif with a lot of seers . 
  prince of time : can render the endeavors of any enemy futile . 
  bard of time : \\* bad combination warning * around him , less can be accomplished than usual . 
  how much less depends on his level . 
  chats slow down , throws slip ... you do not want a bard of time . 
  witch of time : can appear anywhere at any point in time , and is given the exclusive privelege of violating causality like nobody 's business . 
  mage of time : can alter the flow of time in localized areas . 
  his power has a greater effect when concentrated in smaller spots . 
  knight of time : can make minute , precise time jumps in order to collaborate with self to defeat enemies . 
  the only type of player able to control multiple copies of themselves in a fight . 
  sylph of time : can do similar things for everyone else , but defensively , like chronologically vibrate everyone in an evasive flash step to escape attacks . 
  page of space : gets a 3d model of the area around them . 
  seer of space : can view any physical location . 
  heir of space : can create pocket dimensions , like , for example , greatly elarging the interior of a police box , or simply making a disembodied door lead to an actual room ( but not another , existing door ! ) . 
  maid of space : can enlarge the dimensions of any given room , or quickly literally put distance between themselves ( or anyone else ) and an enemy . 
  thief of space : \\* bad combination warning * can enlarge things in exchange for making other things smaller . 
  but , what the hell would they enlarge in the first place ? 
  a real clever person would steal space from themselves ; that 's about the only way to make this combination useful . 
  rogue of space : can move stuff around !, 
  what 's actually happening is the space is being stolen and redistributed , but really , it 's the same thing as extremely high-power telekinesis . 
  ( godtier can break the light barrier by as much as they want , effectively teleporting anything anywhere as long as there 's a direct line of sight . 
  and they do n't die like sollux . ), 
  prince of space : can implode rooms , or pretty much any cavity . 
  can bring two or more objects together . 
  ( godtier can smash entire planets into each other . 
  actually , godtier can single-handedly activate the reckoning ! ), 
  bard of space : can bring things closer together , and can make stuff conveniently smaller ( but not bigger ! ) . 
  witch of space : can modulate the size of objects , and fling them around at high velocities ( no tell-a-pork for you , miss not-a-first-guardian ! ) . 
  mage of space : can create and supervise a network of `` warps '' , 5d torsions in space that allow people to cross from one point to another instantaneously ... that is , magically connected doors . 
  ( only godtier can make warps that cross planets . ), 
  knight of space : probably irl he 'd end up as a mr. 
  fantastic sort of guy , but since that makes no sense in an ascii game world , i must think of something else instead . 
  how about he can teleport around in small increments , \u00e0 la `` dave : accelerate '' ? 
  sylph of space : can significantly increase the momentum of other entities , most notably when fellow players are attacking enemies . 
  leads to some sweet multiplayer fraymotifs . 
  page of mind : the gm always tells them exactly what they have planned out for them . 
  seer of mind : they get big pictures and `` what-if `` s from the gm . 
  dead useful . 
  heir of mind : get to perform some actions for gm , but only if gm agrees . 
  maid of mind : gm listens strongly to their suggestions . 
  thief of mind : can make certain actions for gm , but only if the gm does n't want it ( if the gm is ambivalent or concurrent then theres not much point ) . 
  rogue of mind : gets to take over as gm in a limited state for certain periods of time . 
  ( by godtier , they can already take over as gm for any amount of time ... godtier just unlocks a bunch of key abilities . ), 
  prince of mind : can veto certain actions of the gm . 
  ( godtier has full veto power . ), 
  bard of mind : can undo minor actions of the gm after a certain period of time has elapsed since their enactment . 
  ( how minor and how shortly depends on level . 
  godtier is automatically better than prince 's , as it can undo actions that have already been made . ), 
  witch of mind : determines certain gm actions for herself from the start , such as alchemies . 
  ( godtier has complete control over every action pertaining to her , whether it has already been made or will be made . ), 
  mage of mind : certain responsibilities of the gm fall to her instead . 
  ( godtier can take over as gm if she wants , but can not undo actions made by the gm prior to getting the tiger . ), 
  knight of mind : controls own alchemies and fraymotifs , up to a certain expense . 
  ( godtier has no limit . ), 
  sylph of mind : controls others ' fraymotifs as well , but controls enemy generation and sprite recombination rather than alchemy . 
  page of hope : sees the exact location of the items related to their own quests . 
  seer of hope : sees really important big-picture items , like the white king 's scepter , and , if applicable , things like ** the tumor ** . 
  heir of hope : uhh ... 
  i need ideas for the rest of them , and want to rework a lot of the existing , like most of the `` light '' ones . 
  you guys got any thoughts ? 
  edit : added a lot more . 
  anyone have any ideas for hope and doom ? 
  char a = ' / ' ;,
