   being able to afford a therapist or meds, 
  i 'm like this but with natlangs . 
  who needs to know spanish or arabic when you can learn nuxalk and chorti ? 
  can you tell a little about the history of your language ? 
  how and why does it diverge from the rest of the inuit languages ( if that 's what it is ) ? 
  there 's a couple prominent languages that do that ( e.g. 
  italian ) , but generally it does indicate a change in sound . 
  in central europe , you have it indicating phonemic vowel length ( in hungarian , czech , and slovak ) . 
  in south europe and latin america , you have it indicating stress ( in spanish , croatian , and greek ) . 
  in french , icelandic , and polish vowels , it is just a way to have more vowel letters , and there is little or no systematic correspondence between accented letters and unaccented ones . 
  in polish consonants , it indicates alveolo-palatal or palatal placement . 
  in most of the rest of the world , it indicates tone , such as vietnamese , pinyin , and ipa-derived african orthographies . 
  fixed, 
  is it `` earth moves , empires fall '' ? 
  i have heard `` proc '' used to mean `` activate '' or `` activation '' , but only in the context of card games . 
  also never figured out the etymology of the word . 
  it 's ridiculously interesting to see it being used in the wild like this . 
  hank venture has sure grown up . 
  how did it form ? 
  eroded by a river ? 
  at least this is a little less predictable . 
  you 'd have to do a lot of editing to turn any amount of footage of my life into something that does n't make me look like a douchebag . 
  can not believe i 'm not the only one . 
  it 's just really uncomfortable unless it 's as empty as possible , yeah ? 
  yeah the way you used it was right on the money for that usage . 
  that was the most surprising part . 
  to be fair , `` freshly-squeezed orange juice '' is a big deal to a lot of people . 
  this is the only way that it can be guaranteed that the orange juice is freshly-squeezed , so it makes some sense . 
  maybe they 've got a connection, 
  so , i 've been trying to make some sort of jade druid work somehow but it 's just impossible . 
  the deck is all over the place and jade synergy cards do n't help at all with the current tools the class has . 
  although this can be fixed with some support cards in the next expansions , there is one card i ca n't see working at all : ultimate fuckin ' infestation . 
  the first use i found for it was the obvious deal 5 damage , summon a 5/5 , gain 5 armor , and draw 5 cards sinergy , but then it ends up being a situational kazakus potion that screws your opponent for the rest of the game . 
  then , i tried to combo it with innervate and fandral to try and gain more tempo , but there 's no point doing that when you can just hold him and play him with synergy cards for less cards and no clunky combo , even in a greedy control matchup . 
  then i finally realized ultimate infestation 's only purpose in my collection is to make me sad . 
  it made me sad when i opened it . 
  it makes me sad whenever it 's in my hand , and it sure makes me hate my life whenever i try to find an occasion to play it . 
  the only instance it made me happy was when my opponent stole it with mana bind , that 's how bad it is . 
  i do n't usually dust legendaries from expansions but this thing has to go . 
  it came to the point i can no longer be happy while ultimate infestation is in my life . 
  buy the dutch one , and dip the bottom third into bleach ? 
  the guy you replied to was referring to aramaic , or more specifically nabataean . 
  yes , kufic was used to write arabic , but the reason it 's so poor at representing it is that it 's just a minor modification of the nabataean script . 
  it 's not ; regular matrix multiplication is where you take the matrix on the left as a stack of row vectors and the matrix on the right as a `` bookshelf '' of column vectors , then have each element of the resulting matrix be the dot product of the m-th row vector from the left side and the n-th column vector from the right side , where m and n are the row and column indices of the element respectively . 
  so a 1x3 matrix ( just one row ) and a 3x1 matrix ( just one column ) would multiply together to get just a single element , which is whatever the dot product of those two vectors is . 
  phrased succintly like that , it sounds kind of confusing , and it is a little , but there 's a lot of decent explanations and diagrams on the internet that can help you understand it , if you feel like googling around a little . 
  ho wait , you 're right , if you reverse the order it 's actually the same as the kronecker product in this case . 
  nvm then , sorry for being confusing . 
  ^ ( ( although arguably the kronecker product better conceptually represents the operation we want to perform , but it really does come out to the same thing with an nx1 and a 1xn matrix multiplied together in that order . 
  is n't bangladesh a moon ? 
  like , the muslim one ? 
  speak for yourself !, 
  yogg 'n' load is the only deck i have the cards for . 
  ( except i disenchanted cotw and yogg back when they were nerfed , so not even those . ), 
  arthas is a paladin , nefarian is a mage , malchezaar is a warlock , ragnaros is a warrior , rafaam is a rogue , and kel ` thuzad is a priest ( i understand that in the lore he was a mage and then a necromancer , but mage is taken and priests are the closest thing to a necromancer ) ? 
  if illidan ever gets to be a boss , then he can fill in for hunter . 
  then we just need a shaman boss and a druid boss . 
  are there any evil druids besides fandral ? 
  i was thinking about that , but that sounds too off flavor-wise . 
  that 's true , but a big part of his identity is having a particular weapon . 
  and said weapon was given to the warrior class in hearthstone . 
  i agree that shaman makes at least as much sense flavor-wise , though , given the `` controlling the elements '' aspect of the class ( although fire in particular never got much love in hearthstone ) . 
  then who 'll be warrior ? 
  mysterious challenger and yogg were both meant to be meme cards . 
   only cards that literally break the game/require extra equipment banned, 
  specifically , the only cards outright banned are :, 
  - shahrazad , which makes games take way too long via a bullshit mechanic where it starts a new game ( and the previous game resumes after that one is finished ), 
  - chaos orb and falling star , which have a bullshit mechanic where you flip the card onto the table and it does things to the cards it touches, 
  - cards that reference playing for ante , where you offer a random card from your library as a reward for winning the game ; wotc was worried about mtg being legally recognized as gambling if this were allowed ( and , as pointed out below , it feels extremely bad to have to stake a random card on your game to gain an edge ), 
  - conspiracy cards , which were never intended for constructed play in the first place , and would be absurd if you could choose which ones to run, 
  in hungarian , our word for `` face '' [ descends from ] ( http://www.szokincshalo.hu/szotar/?qbetu=a&amp;qsearch=&amp;qdetail=497 ) a portmanteau of our words for `` nose '' and `` mouth '' ( a lot of uralic languages do something like this ) . 
  flamewreathed faceless does n't have a nose , and if he has a mouth , it 's not visible in the art . 
  so by those standards at least , he 's pretty faceless . 
  ^ ( ( side note for estonian speakers : the etymology dictionary i linked claims that there is an estonian word for `` face '' that descends from a portmanteau of `` suu '' and `` silmad '' in that order , but afaik your word for `` face '' is `` n\u00e4gu '' . 
  do you know by any chance what this dictionary is talking about ? 
  according to the mtg wiki , it was both . 
  but honestly , considering just how many unfun mechanics made it into vintage , i do n't think the main motivating factor was that it 's an unfun mechanic ( even if it 's the mother of all unfun mechanics ) . 
  glad you could bake it etc etc etc, 
   only the neutral tar minion saw play at all , with the other ones being too expensive with little proactive impact . 
  tar lurker did n't see standard play because warlock in general was trash during un ` goro . 
  it saw play in wild renolock lists , sometimes replacing sludge belcher for lists that were n't running n'zoth . 
  it 's actually a pretty great card , although maybe not as good as sludge belcher . 
  ( it 's like the two halves of sludge belcher were stitched together , but only on your opponent 's turn . ), 
  as one who is familiar with both finnish and english , it was still totally impossible for me to understand any of the first sample . 
  i guess in order to understand the 450 wpm audio , you start with slower audio and eventually work your way up once you start getting too comfortable at a certain wpm . 
  yeah , the disguised toast `` missed lethal '' compilations from back in the day show a lot of patron warrior games where the warrior could have lethaled someone at 60 + health from hand , but it was too complicated a sequence to figure out in time . 
  the amount of burst that patron warrior had was absolutely horrifying , and there has n't been comparable burst in hearthstone until quest mage , whose burst combo is much less consistent and buried under a bunch of drawbacks . 
  that was even less consistent . 
  ehh , they learned not to make busted 1 drops . 
  each iteration was progressively less busted :, 
  - small-time buccaneer : 1 mana 3/2, 
  now it 's really only patches that 's the problem , and it 's not a 1 drop per se , more like `` you start the game with a 1/1 token , but sometimes you have to draw into a 1 mana 1/1 charge instead '' . 
  it is the only wotog legendary i 've ever opened , and the first time i ever put it in a deck was for the lich king encounter ( where he was pretty useful ) . 
   paladin : i think secret paladin would get blown out in this brawl . 
  not sure what goes here . 
  secret paladin with the effect from that other tavern brawl active that made you draw an n-costing card on turn n. 
  meanwhile priest gets msg-era dragon priest , but their hero power costs 0 and is shadow visions . 
  this idea gets posted about once a week ; it might be the most popular tavern brawl idea out there . 
  it would be really cool to have . 
  i got the same vibe from the `` biden bro '' memes .
