  make sure not to catch the weird water disease there , though . 
  yes , this is what i instantly thought of . 
  truly , there can be no better ksp video . 
  the amount of stupid memes stuffed in there is incredible . 
  there 's even a shitty polandball . 
  you should read the roomcarnage albums if you have n't already . 
  they 're very informative , and have gifs . 
  did even the first guy who wrote this believe it or was it a parody all along ? 
  ( also , reported for spam , sorry ), 
  [ ] ( / johnstaredown ), 
  in my experience it 's the best time to go take a shower or have dinner or something . 
  if the commercial breaks themselves are relatively infrequent , it can actually be kind of refreshing , like an intermission in the middle of a play . 
  ( i live in hungary some of the time ; we get commercials about twice per movie and in blocks of a little over 10 minutes . 
  or rather , the first half of that period is commercials , the second half is trailers for what else is going to be played this week . ), 
  wow , a real barrel roll !, 
  you do n't see those on the internet often . 
  good job , that 's both a real impressive build and super flying . 
  well , part of the benefits of the ksp experience is getting a sense of the scale of space , and the methods of traversing it . 
  even the current planets are n't * too * off ; iirc kerbin 's about the size of the moon and jool 's slightly smaller than earth ? 
  i would n't want to get a false sense of scale just to see something pretty . 
  but not everyone has my priorities , so such a mod would still be valuable to many , many people , and i 'd love to see it happen . 
  i 've noticed a lot of negativity on this sub in general ( and your post is n't helping , lol ) . 
  vx is for anyone and everyone . 
  we do * not * want to perpetuate the stereotype that we 're all a bunch of opinionated elitists . 
  around these parts we just call 'em noun classes . 
  but anyway that 's hilarious . 
  i 'd advocate for 57 also referring to mops . 
  seriously though it 's like every week we get a `` what the hell guys you 're doing it all wrong '' post . 
  it 's getting quite toxic honestly . 
  we need an irc channel or something to sort these things out , imo . 
  vx is a complex field , but not so much that it makes sense for everybody to disagree on it . 
  you do n't see people arguing so much in / r/buildapc or / r/physics , do you ? 
  she 's already seen all of eternity , so i 'd say she 's off to a good start . 
  [ not comprehensive but has got a lot of examples with gloss ] ( http://www.linguistics.fi/julkaisut/sky2012/fell.pdf ) ( pdf warning ! ), 
  that 's awesome . 
  what would be even funnier is if you had to specify the number of words in the sentence by adding a certain amount of specifier words to it , but the number of specifier words could change depending on what the number of words in the sentence was . 
  thus , you 'd have to find a self-consistent way to inflect the sentence . 
  man i wish i had money for this stuff . 
  i kept a lot of different kinds of fish as a kid , but i ca n't revive my hobby anymore . 
  why betta fish exactly ? 
  they 're hardy , but you need separate tanks for them . 
  let me guess , they 're pretty ? 
   ( as a kid i used to go looking for them in puddles . 
  little did i know they did n't live in hungary ), 
  no , we 've known that this gene is connected to learning for quite some time . 
  language is just one item in the pile of things that it does , and we 've known * that * for years too . 
  the new findings are that it does a little more than we previously thought it did . 
  that 's an aloe . 
  or maybe an agave but probably aloe seeing as though it 's plump and there 's no imprints on the backs of the leaves . 
  huh , good demographic to target . 
  in czech rep at least vietnamese are a high-crime demographic . 
  ( not to make a statement about vietnamese people in general ; you 're cool ), 
  but bending over adds time to your lifespan, 
  currently redditing from under bed , can confirm clara is absent . 
  ( of course that 's when she would get on top , is n't it ? ), 
  and in cicada season you can hear the trees buzzing around you : * `` i 'm lovin ' it '' *, 
  cereal boxes are probably smaller than you remember them, 
  brb stealing `` star window '' for terminology for black holes, 
  for the non-biophilodynamicists on this sub : it 's meta because / u/kowbell is himself being sarcastic . 
  obama actually gave a pretty accurate , if simplistic , explanation of what you 'd do . 
  / u/kowbell 's just commenting on how everybody seems to discredit anything government officials say about science . 
  source : protein engineer , have studied the effects of philodynamic manipulation on viruses before . 
  phage capsids , though , not a filovirus like ebola . 
  i was hoping that the amphitrophic effects might result in better-behaved tertiary structure in the proteins , which could have led to honest-to-god nanobots once we found the right protein to construct them . 
   every devoted vx amateur, 
  i take issue !, 
  not everyone is interested in philodynamics , there 's so many fields to vx, 
  no of course not . 
  just research and practice , you 'll be fine . 
  or if you find it too hard to be fun , find something else to play !, 
  when i first heard about * the secret of nimh * , i thought it was some sort of documentary made by animal rights activists . 
  possibilities :, 
  - fourier series, 
  - fourier_series, 
  - fourier-series, 
  - fourier series, 
  - fourier_series, 
  - fourier-series, 
  - fourier series, 
  - fourier_series, 
  - fourier-series, 
  - fourierseries, 
  - fourierseries, 
  - fourierseries, 
  - fourierseries, 
  - fourier, 
  - fourier, 
  straight into the terminal is quickest !, 
  # sbcl, 
  * ( format, 
  ( loop for beginning in ' ( `` fourier '' `` fourier '' ) append, 
  ( loop for middle in ' ( '' '' '' _ '' '' - '' '' '' ) append, 
  ( loop for end in ' ( `` series '' `` series '' ) collect, 
  ( concatenate ` string beginning middle end ) ) ) ) ), 
  and just type out fourier and fourier for yourself you lazy ass . 
  perfect , we 've got an `` actual hacker '' here, 
  :p no but the land of lisp obviously, 
  right ? 
  although in this case the readability can be attributed to the idiomatic style of the loop macro , and to decent variable names . 
  and that format command is probably the least readable thing in the whole language .
