   that 's how trans people feel all the time . 
  that 's what gender identity is , the unconscious-until-you-don ` t-have-it sense of being comfortable with your gender . 
  it would be different , but i would n't exactly mind ( other than the feeling of `` damn it 's going to happen more often now that people treat me like a sexual object '' , and `` damn i 'm gon na have periods now , that 's gon na suck '' ) ; i 'd go even so far as to say that i 'd like it . 
  it would be a change . 
  i * like * changes . 
  i get a happy , fresh feeling from moving to a new place , or changing my desktop wallpaper , or meeting a new group of people , or changing my mind about something . 
  i travel all the time . 
  i do n't get tattoos , because i know i 'd grow bored of them in a year . 
  but even if i were n't like this , and did feel uncomfortable in a body of the opposite sex , i 'd still be surprised to learn that that feeling arises in people in the way that they 'd like to permanently switch sex . 
  i 'd think that i was comfortable as the former sex because i became accustomed to it over time , not because my mind had some sort of intrinsic quality associated with that sex . 
  people are uncomfortable with drastic change in general ; i 'm in the minority . 
  if , in a world where everyone had structurally exactly the same brain but different bodies , somebody whose body got changed drastically would be uncomfortable with it , i really would n't be surprised . 
  this is the time for reddit 's ~ ~ physicists and mathematicians ~ ~ physics majors and math majors to ~ ~ shine ~ ~ be smug . 
  thanks , i already have enough daily reminders to keep my ego in check . 
  in the question about the amount of brain cells involved in signaling in the brain , do you really mean the brain , or the whole nervous system ? 
  it seems the `` right '' answer is 100 billion , but that is five times the amount of cells in the brain . 
  ( the textbook sample does n't mess it up : it says `` nervous system '' . ), 
  also , `` skin cells '' is unclear in the question about which cells signal ; some cells in the skin signal ( e.g. 
  nociceptors ) , but some do n't . 
   middle/high schoolers, 
  ftfy, 
  edit : i 'm not sure whether i 'm being downvoted by undergrads who also go on / r/supershibe and are offended by me assuming they are middle/high schoolers , or middle/high schoolers who are offended for being mentioned in a vaguely derogatory context . 
  either way , sorry to have offended you guys , i really thought it was mainly grade schoolers . 
  i think that 's supposed to be a homer thing , not an american thing , anyway . 
  no but would n't you consider a dead bro as having been broken ? 
  fake , fakey fake . 
  i had a good laugh , though . 
  yeah i did n't get that one . 
  what jeb is this ? 
  is it really the mc dev ? 
  i have n't heard anything involving him . 
  declaring variables in for loop inits only became a thing with , like , c99 or something . 
  ( unless you were implying that the `` oh god it hurts '' guy was the young coder , in which case i agree . ), 
  thank you !, 
  the idea is , you look at what he 's saying , and you decide for yourself whether what he 's talking about is good advice or not . 
  ( this is different from an anecdote ; an anecdote is not an idea , it is a record of a thing that happened . ), 
  well , the difference would be that `` arriba - riba '' thing is supposed to make speedy gonzales sound like a latino , whereas `` d'oh '' is supposed to make homer sound like homer ( rather than an american ) . 
  but i personally think that `` arriba - riba '' is a characteristic that is supposed to be personal to speedy gonzales , so it is n't different , at least in my opinion . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're joking , but i have to ask : are you joking ? 
  edit : for clarity , i thought he mean `` comparing '' in a bad way , like `` haha we 're better than you '', 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  barely any pure math goes on there , sadly . 
  all the submissions are made by people who are inexperienced ( and there 's nothing wrong with them making submissions , i 'd just like it if professionals submitted stuff too ) , and it 's always `` solve this moderately hard problem '' after that , which is sort of fun but it 's like the crossword puzzle of the day in the newspaper , not too interesting . 
  occasionally you 'll get a halfway interesting post like the one submitted recently on kolmogorov , but that 's still not an actual paper on interesting mathematics , just on interesting mathematicians ( like the 60-year-old guy who proved a weaker version of the twin primes conjecture ; the article was fine , and in that case i actually enjoyed reading his paper , but usually these articles do n't come with papers ) . 
  i want to see some real mathematics posted there , some papers you can read . 
  or recommendations for books of problems or something . 
  currently it 's like that kind of torture where you let water drip on someone 's face and they go crazy waiting for the next drop , but much less bad . 
  read * the poisoner 's handbook * by deborah blum . 
  in addition to learning about several different kinds of poison ( trust me , even ones you did n't know about ) , you will learn about the prohibition . 
  i thought the point was that the stereotype it gives is obviously unrealistic , not that it 's not giving a stereotype . 
  the link uses parentheses , and markdown sucks at parentheses . 
  watch :, 
  [ [ citation ] ] ( http://www.biologicalpsychiatryjournal.com/article/s0006-3223 ( 07 ) 00198-9 / abstract ) ( embedded link ), 
  http://www.biologicalpsychiatryjournal.com/article/s0006-3223 ( 07 ) 00198-9 / abstract ( free link ) ( oh wait , this one actually works , okay ), 
  that 's been happening to me sort of forever , e.g. 
  in gimp . 
  are you using a different mouse/keyboard since switching to cs6 ? 
  web designers ... that do n't code , rather use dreamweaver or something similar ? 
  looked like a taxi to me . 
  huh . 
  np , and thanks for approving !, 
  really , i 'd be more impressed by the stop motion . 
  i mean it looks so smooth , with people and cars and everything ... making a couch drivable is pretty straightforward , but the logistics of the stop motion would be very complicated and difficult , at least for it to turn out so well . 
  you missed out on so many great opportunities with \u00e5 , like `` kn\u00e5w '' instead of `` know '' . 
  but that is so beside the point that i give this comic an a !, 
  why is belgium sideways ? 
  ^ ( just joking i know it 's a mistake ), 
  sure , i understand that , but at least you do n't have stupid technical limitations like the precision of a mouse . 
  depends which versions you have to support . 
  i never make anything that supports 6 and below . 
  it 's behind the beer can , i thought . 
  that is robert downey jr. , not any stark, 
  in which case typing . 
  but okay . 
  yes, 
  i am crossposting this to / r/astronomy , although i 'm pretty sure everybody there is familiar with this already . 
  i submitted this because it might be a good introductions to the concepts of emission and absorption spectra , which are important to classifying stars and understanding the sun . 
  the virtual orchestra sounds bad , and the arrangement is n't great either . 
  i 've said things in more detail on these before . 
  b - , would not buy . 
  me too , i derived it from the concept of `` sex '' . 
  `` what if i try simulating it with my hands ? '', 
   i figured you 'd cave . 
  although you 've done outstandingly so far , could you please not make it sound like a bad thing somebody changed their mind ? 
  you invited them to either justify their statement or stop believing it , and then you made fun of them when they did the latter ( which was the right thing to do , of them ) . 
  btw thank you for doing this for everybody . 
  i would n't have the energy to type out all these replies . 
  for a second there i thought you were zephir . 
  i was ready to say , `` wow , even zephir thinks this guy is terrible , and he 's a rabbit farmer . '', 
  you would love reading about microeconomics . 
  boatloads, 
  this is the standard size port , and both ships have the side with the little ring facing out, 
  i 've tried pressing them together , too . 
  [ the human cerebral cortex is about 20 billion neurons , and the human nervous system is about 85 billion neurons . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_animals_by_number_of_neurons ) yes , citing wikipedia is poor form , but if you want to follow up there 's a list of references . 
  well , we could , but it would take years and it would be expensive and imperfect and i 'd lose the ability to have children . 
  maybe sometime in the future . 
  edit : though , again , even if i did have any discomfort , then i 'd assign it to discomfort with change , not discomfort with not having the body of my former sex ; ie it would go away after an amount of time . 
  if it did n't go away after an amount of time , then i 'd believe you . 
  rabbit farmer and physics crackpot .
