  also , change the post ranking algorithm , cause that shit sucks . 
  i 'd prefer something that favors longer-to-read posts over shorter-to-read posts , but in the long term slowly buries older posts . 
  maybe this could be done using cookies . 
  oh , really ? 
  name one . 
  edit : come on . 
  he made a claim , and i was skeptical of it , so i demanded evidence . 
  that 's not a wrong thing to do at all . 
  sure , i assumed that he would n't be able to present the evidence ( which carries its own baggage ) , but i 'm entitled to opinions and voicing them , right ? 
  reddit is anonymous . 
  you do n't have to give any personal information whatsoever . 
  but , self posts receive karma !, 
  do n't they ? 
  comment karma ? 
  this is the best thing . 
  we need to mobilize all of our mathematicians and sociologists to come up with a better algorithm . 
  they 're being hypocritical about being hypocritical ? 
  is it possible to talk about hypocrisy without being hypocritical ? 
  ( but i agree . 
  there are levels of hypocrisy . 
  and they have all of the levels . 
  all of them . ), 
  it 's the same reason that facebook makes so much money and has so many users . 
  people post their opinions . 
  this , by itself , is lame . 
  no one gives a flying fuck about your opinions . 
  but combined with an audience that , most importantly , * agrees * with it , they get lots of recognition for this opinion , and it gives them a sense of self-worth , something which the less mature members of this kaleidoscope of communities are desperately seeking . 
  the audience is also given a sense of self-worth , as they find something in common with someone else opinion-wise , and conformity registers , which at the gut level drives self-worth , no matter how much you claim to hate it . 
  so le upvotes . 
  find smaller subreddits for very specific interests . 
  for example , i subscribe to / r/homestuck . 
  it 's ... really great . 
  about the only sane place to discuss homestuck on the web . 
  i have other interests , too . 
  / r/biology . 
  / r/environmental-science . 
  / r/talesfromtechsupport ( a tiny bit of a circlejerk , but you learn a lot ) . 
  i like being part of these so much . 
  the big subreddits can kiss my ass . 
  huh . 
  i thought literally everybody knew about this . 
  how long have you been using computers ? 
  this works in essentially every application that has text as a feature ( like everything in ms office , any text editors , any web browser ) ... the only place where it is non-obvious why it does n't exist is command-line text editors like vim and emacs , but i 'm sure it does there too and i just do n't know about it ( there 's no way that the shortcut is ctrl/cmd-f though ) . 
  tilesets look like gibberish to me . 
  i can only understand the ( fake !, 
  yes , really !, 
  i thought it was the most well-known feature of computers out of anything . 
  no , i really ca n't read the tilesets !, 
  i 'm never sure what the little pictures stand for , whereas in ascii there is a naming system that mostly makes sense . 
  the most legible one i 've found is the one that does n't replace the ascii totally , just makes everything brighter ( i think it had tower in the name ? 
  as the subreddit gets bigger , time sensivity goes down . 
  really , i think the problem is that they 're pretty indistinguishable from 20 + year olds from the perspective of looking purely at the way in which they post ( less circlejerking etc. ) . 
  it 's only by superficial facts that they reveal , like whether they have gone to college yet , that they are teenagers . 
  who downvoted this guy ? 
  it spells 413 . 
  what those animals are ( deer ? 
  ) , what all those other guys around the fortress are ( i 'm assumig they 're all dwarves ) , what the wall is made out of ( and i mean precisely ) , and , most importantly , what that red stuff is ( probably either magma or entrails ) . 
  edit : oh and wtf is that thing in front of the fortress . 
  it 's like a little building or something , but i do n't know what it is . 
  door ? 
  table ? 
  well ? 
  no idea . 
  edit 2 : and that pile of stuff by the river ; what is that ? 
  metal ? 
  but that 's what we 're trying to filter out here . 
   are you a girl naked ? 
  ftfy, 
  namecalling ? 
  casual/hardcore ? 
  really ? 
  back to / r/circlejerk with you guys . 
  shit , and i like this guy , too . 
  man , it sucks to be him . 
  if / r/gaming had a face , i 'd punch it . 
  in the face . 
  ( not really . 
  i was only in it for the problem sleuth reference . 
  but it 's weird how they can change their opinions on a dime , y' know ? ), 
  edit : [ let 's have a civilized discussion while we can . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/vsz9x/wow_totalhalibut_cynical_brit_is_kind_of_a_dick/c57e1l7 ), 
  not exactly . 
  ahaha , woops , that went over my head . 
  never mind , keep it ; i was once walloped for something similarly inflammatory that was meant to be ironic . 
  ( also noooo i 'm not defending / r/gaming . 
  i hate them . 
  i just do n't abide by namecalling and such . ), 
  fuck , 43 seconds . 
  not even close . 
  also ... ; - ; wv !, 
  why is gamzee fatter than vriska ? 
  rectify . 
  that 's failure . 
  in the case of sburb , failure is not succeeding . 
  besides the issues with your argument already stated by trueeyes , there is also the fact that the actual purpose of the particular subreddit that he is in is complaining about reddit . 
  nice !, 
  i like how you mixed in the showtime theme ; that 's one of my favorite homestuck themes . 
  i do n't care much for the other themes , but you have no problem with flow . 
  ( also i 've always wanted to know what 8-bit dubstep would sound like ), 
  may i ask how ?
