  one last time , to get it out of my system in its entirety :, 
  i used to be an adventurer like you, 
  but then i took an arrow to the knee, 
  hahahaha herp derp arrow to the knee hahaha, 
  huh . 
  that 's weird . 
  cool !, 
  like what ? 
  a water source zone ? 
  i love how you have the nether portal just peeking out there at the left ... 
  the strongest magnets available are [ here ] ( http://www.unitednuclear.com/index.php?main_page=index&amp;cpath=70 ) , but i 'm afraid you might not be able to separate them afterwards . 
  i instead advise something ceramic , or made out of alnico , like [ this ] ( http://www.rubbernation.com/servlet/the-4383/diy-magnets,-magnet-supplies,/detail ) . 
  i love how minecraft is larger than brown dwarf stars ( and of course , pictured , sirius b ) . 
  \\* name is kurtjmac * i believe that the older version of minecraft that he uses has a smaller world size . 
  probably not too much so , but certainly not the size of uranus . 
  okay , thanks !, 
  those were the figures i was looking for . 
  what ? 
  sirius b is a white dwarf , and its spectral class gives its non-brown dwarf status away anyway . 
  your mother showed me ... 
  i hate to upset the balance of 40 points on this -- someone down vote to counter !, 
  kids these days , so unhealthy ... 
  i would but last time i tried to mod my dreams i lost all of my save data :(, 
  wow , hearing about the sorts of things one can do with python makes me want to learn it ever more !, 
  but i just ca n't make myself do it . 
  listen to beethoven 's 7th mvt . 
  2 instead . 
  the whole thing is based on not doing this . 
  you know what i think i 'll unsubscribe now , thank 's for the fun while it lasted, 
  used in the climax of the king 's speech . 
  why , what did he post ? 
  unsubscribe, 
  you say ironic : opposite of what expect !, 
  i 'm only interested in sex that i can see with my eyes, 
  once i was doing a cave-in to make a stalactite drop into an aquifer so that i could tunnel through it . 
  i had a one-block leeway around the whole thing , and could n't remember how to direct dwarven traffic , so i thought `` to hell with it '' and set them to channel around the collapsending piece . 
  they started channeling from the outside ... and about halfway through the job , they switched to the inside of the piece , because they wanted to tunnel to their right . 
  given that this was dirt that they were channeling , i barely had time to utter an `` oh shit '' before they finished their job , sending themselves tumbling through the floor and into a rather deep aquifer . 
  not only did my brand new colony lose both its miners , but i failed to plug the aquifer . 
  afterwards , though , i managed to save the colony from destruction . 
  my remaining five dwarfs proved quite industrious . 
  :d population is now in the two hundreds , and we 've just slain our fifth legendary beast . 
  someone should fix that . 
  i 'm using alien blue right now , and the other thing is that exponents also fail to come out . 
  oh really, 
  this is the first time i have seen that image , but the millionth time i have used or heard that phrase . 
  not cool . 
  dark age of empires ? 
  then again , anti-popculturalism is n't exactly justified either ... although if i were to advocate submersion in popular culture , than i may be called a hypocrite . 
  ** shut **, 
  i dream of a hyperdemocratic worldwide government fueled by and founded upon the internet . 
  everyone could participate in worldwide decisions ... it would be so easy . 
  just upvote or downvote . 
  it would look sorta like reddit . 
  with the right perspective , one can write off anything . 
  that 's just the majority of kids born in the 90s . 
  as someone born in the 90s , i do n't feel that any of my contemporaries that i know represent this perspective , although i admit that my sample size is relatively small and considerably biased ( the second half of my primary education was/is being spent as a `` damn preppie '' ) . 
  however , the only social networking that i use is reddit , populated by much more educated and mature people than me , due to the slight decade-wide age gap ( although my experience with technology has been the same as a consequence of my parentage coming from socialist hungary ) , so my opinion might not be the most qualified that exists . 
  `` how are you going to change the world ? '', 
  `` by posting something to reddit . '', 
  this breaks so badly in alien blue, 
  why you got ta ruin a good thing ? 
  point 'n' click , elegant ? 
  i must see . 
  why does the absolute value of your post go down when i upvote it ? 
  once i tried to write a c++ library that converted it to latin . 
  :d i did not make much progress , but the progress i made was epic . 
  it is the will of the people ... 
  it 's hard for me to even contemplate a world with no original ideas ... 
  empty post ? 
  no , wait , i can see the text in the reply window . 
  it reads , `` so you 're probably the only ones who can see this , heheheh ... '', 
  that 's just reporting bias , though . 
  i think the occasional * emphatic text * helps . 
  have you done naclo ? 
  they had a problem about this a couple years ago ... 
  tl ; dr he changes the virus to be harmless and injects your immune system with it so it learns to kill it, 
  you probably did , but the virus changed too fast for you to make a proper vaccine ... :(, 
  yeah , superscripts fail to become superscripts . 
  but your post strangely became nothing at all . 
  i also think we 're going to laugh at how we thought quantum wobble was truly `` random '' and not deterministic like everything else . 
  there 's no reason for it to be random ; somewhere , a pattern is occurring that produces it ... 
  i 'll bet these old ideas of `` randomness '' ( already somewhat obsolete ) , will by looked back upon as silly . 
  it 's less pretty . 
  we naturally want to `` be '' in nature , and that departure from the comforts of a planetary ecosystem is what makes it or breaks it for a lot of people , i think . 
  what amazing pixels !, 
  note : literally unbelievable . 
  well , it 's possible that he wants to put them in private schools or something ... 
  dude , i did n't see the context , and this is exactly what i believed when i read that quote you so conveniently highlighted . 
  huh ? 
  oh , good trolling , dude , * ohhhhhhhhh , this is a novelty account . 
  * lame . 
  he probably reads [ literally unbelievable ] ( http://literallyunbelievable.org/ ) . 
  sorry , i 'm on my regular computer now ... :p i 'll try this when i get back to my iphone . 
  wait , i 'm confused . 
  does this apply to adventure mode , fortress mode , or both ? 
  really , as someone with a dick , i 'm not, 
  and now they have specialized platforms for classes that do teach programming that are only useful unto themselves ( this existed `` back then '' too , obviously , but now its use is common practice ) , unlike , say , c , lisp ( it 's legit , i hope it will rise someday ) , or , well , basic . 
  well , okay , not basic . 
  no one actually programs with that anymore ( unlike c which is a door to c++ , c # , java , and a whole host of other languages based on it ) .
