  cats are maintenance . 
  and if reddit is to be believed , they are ungrateful bastards about it . 
  that was already there though , mind you, 
  do you even substantive, 
  ah , sorry , i did n't see the `` not '', 
  gimp is terrible for editing gifs though, 
  1540s , when most of the original inhabitants died from smallpox . 
  the new settlers never ended up growing brains, 
  does he shower with the sweater on ? 
  wait , what ? 
  they scalped the wolves but did n't kill them ? 
  why ? 
  is it deus ex machina if you can foresee it ? 
  it 's not just that , the physics are unsettlingly weird in this one . 
  it does n't splash or fold over itself properly , and it looks pretty gloopy too . 
  2/10 would not mistake for real water, 
  are you trolling or joking or serious or ... ? 
  ( i apologize if you 're joking , but not otherwise ), 
  edit : sorry , never made the homophone -  homophobe connection , i just thought this guy just really had something against words sounding alike, 
  i was n't referring to the genocide . 
  i was referring to the death beforehand of large portions of the population from diseases contracted from the europeans ( which , for the sake of the joke , are assumed to have killed everyone in the area , rather than only a lot of them ) , which spread from central america all the way into north america . 
  it strains the imagination that it could have happened as early as the 1540s , but 1640s would have been far too late for that . 
  side note : `` europeans '' ? 
  the ones committing genocide on the north americans were generally born and raised in north america , although genocide happened in many forms over a long period of time . 
  we identify that region as turkey , though . 
  not everyone knows where anatolia is . 
  what about the lack of a real keyboard , that does n't bother you ? 
  can confirm , made my own with a raspberry pi , it was dirt cheap . 
  i used a pico projector instead of a little screen , though . 
  people who are told santa claus lives in lappland know where lappland is . 
  i guess it 's about what you were told as a kid . 
  do many people tell their kids santa claus is from anatolia ? 
  i do n't think so ; maybe . 
  do many people tell their kids santa claus is from turkey ? 
  i dunno ( that 's what the survey is for ) , but i 'll bet it 's more than the amount of people who tell their kids that he 's from anatolia , and i 'll bet that people who heard anatolia growing up know that it 's in turkey . 
  the real solution is to have separate entries for turkey , anatolia , and lycia , as well as lappland and sweden ( although i 'd argue that the idea of him living in lappland is that he lives in the broader sami-inhabited region , including finnmark and northern finland ) . 
  nah , mine was pretty underwhelming . 
  no case , the battery only lasted two hours or so , and the keyboard/mouse was crappy ( but usable ) . 
  i could probably make it better now , but i 'd need to design and print a case for it . 
  what did they do with it ? 
  [ ] ( / obvious ), 
  how does one pretend to bring in wolf scalps ? 
  i mean , it 's a `` corruption scandal '' , so i assume one could just ask to collect the certificates in exchange for giving back a cut of the resulting cash to whoever gave the certificates , but the article makes it sound like they actually fooled the whole administration somehow . 
  ah no , we better save the english before it -- !, 
   error : invalid mime type, 
  ironic . 
  but i 've also never heard anyone claim hungarian is the oldest language . 
  i wonder if it has anything to do with it being so innovative among the uralic languages . 
  nah , this is my phone , it does this all the time ; the new link does n't work either . 
  i just open it up in the browser and it works . 
  well yes , but you do n't see antineutrino shockwaves traveling through subspace powering anything !, 
  fine , i 've amended my comment . 
  ( plus , arguably the ( anti ) neutrinos are n't doing anything in that reaction , and the `` shockwave '' bit just does n't make sense ), 
  imo the style is distinct enough that i did n't make the pbf connection until this thread . 
  pbf tends to be more absurdist . 
  i actually own [ this !, 
  ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sumerian-ural-altaic-magyar-relationship-sumiro-hungarica/dp/0914246534 ) it was expensive , but worth it for the masterpiece it is . 
  bad linguistics is one of the most interesting bad whatevers because people put so much effort into being wrong , while the general public denies the importance of linguistics in the first place , and is absolutely awful at it . 
  bad history is perhaps the bad whatever that people put the most effort into , but also the public tends to care deeply about at least some aspect of history , and as a result people are generally much better at it . 
  it 's entertaining to read bad linguistics , and you can shrug off the guilt pretty easily , because you know that the situation with the public ca n't get much worse . 
  sometimes i look at how * everyone * seems to have linguistic prejudices , and wonder if that 's just part of being human , and this horrible ignorance will stay with us forever . 
  but i feel like someone in the 18th century wondering whether a world where everyone is n't horribly racist and sexist is possible . 
  i think it 's too early to call it as of yet . 
  62 % of this statistic is made up . 
  wait , is n't canadian a sexual orientation , like lesbian or bohemian ? 
  and all he had to do was add a line break after each sentence !, 
  the simplicity of it really is impressive, 
  sorry for hijacking this thread , but : i 'd love to play meiou , but the game is a lot more boring for me because my ( not actually very ) crappy computer ca n't go above speed 3 , and the different administrative mechanics make the whole game feel like you 're walking on eggshells . 
  how do i have fun in meiou ? 
  well , the text obviously played a part , but the typographical aspect is much more interesting imo . 
  lol , did n't even notice , no harm done, 
  pure , unadulterated fact, 
  the entirety of waifu.pl is down for some reason , i doubt it was us, 
  ... such as what happened at the beginning of the chapter . 
  being greek catholic , my church used the byzantine rite ( and sang everything in church slavonic ) . 
  in our liturgy , that point was definitely the most climactic , but it only marked the 2/3 point at best . 
  the end was generally signaled by the cantors singing `` mnohaja lita '' ( in english , `` many years '' ) . 
  as a greek catholic i never knew people did it the other way at all . 
  although , i vaguely remember being surprised by the difference as a teenager at a friend 's confirmation . 
  what i 'm interested in is , was it a firmware rootkit ? 
  the article does n't provide a definitive answer . 
  if it was n't , then it 's more evidence that wiping your computer 's disk when you get it is a good idea . 
  your username has the same stress pattern as `` boston butt '' from the op, 
  did n't want to go over the general limit, 
  it 's not about the characters , it 's about the phonotactics . 
  it 's like when italians add '' - a '' to the ends of words when they end in consonants . 
  ( meanwhile , in italian opera , the final vowel of a word is frequently left off . 
  i do n't understand it , are the opera singers just that much more versatile in their pronunciation ability ? ), 
  people often confuse phonotactics with whatever 's permitted by their writing system . 
  i have a tagalog instructor who says that d and r are often interchangeable in tagalog because they used to be written with the same letter back when tagalog was written with baybayin . 
  no they 're not , you dummy !, 
  r used to be an allophone of d between vowels !, 
  it still is , for the most part !, 
  someday , after the consonant in the middle of `` madder '' starts appearing regularly in any position , american english will reform its spelling , and the consonant at the end of `` mad '' and the consonant in the middle of `` madder '' will get written with different letters , because they are different sounds . 
  and someone will ask , `` why is it that when i add '' - er '' to something ending in d , the d changes to r [ or whatever letter is used to write that sound ] ? '', 
  and someone will answer , `` because it used to be written with the same letter , '' completely ignoring the fact that they used to be allophones of the same phoneme . 
  according to my halo experience , you are correct, 
  that 's true . 
  although often you really ca n't pronounce something , unless you practice and learn it . 
  the italians who deliberately say `` head '' instead of `` head-a '' learned how to do it .
