  i do n't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices are n't harming others . 
  i do n't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia , pedophilia , or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i do n't care what a person 's fantasies consist of , as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them ) . 
  i do n't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to , or clothes they wear , etc. 
  i know that 's not really an impressive moral , but it 's unfortunately rare ; a great many people , especially those my age , are judgmental about these things . 
  i love everyone , even people i hate . 
  i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness . 
  rick perry is a vile , piece of shit human being , deserving of zero respect , but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible . 
  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my life . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself . 
  if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them , i 'd prefer to do that over killing them . 
  i consider myself a feminist . 
  i do n't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles ; they may happen naturally , but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally . 
  as in , the societal pressure for gender roles should really go , even if it 'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord . 
  i treat women with the same outlook i treat men , and never participate in the old reddit `` women are crazy '' circlejerk , because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities . 
  i do n't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who are n't awesome . 
  that does n't mean i look for places to victimize women , i just do n't believe it 's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything 's ok when it 's really not ( and that 's a particularly harsh example , because all humans do that ) . 
  i 'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i 'm guessing you 're getting tired of reading them , if you 've even made it this far . 
  in closing , the people who know me in real life all respect me , as do a great many people in the reddit brony community , where i spend most of my time and where i 'm pretty known for being helpful around the community . 
  a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times , and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there . 
  yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was , and that comment was second to the top , so i guess other people agreed ( though , granted , it was a pretty low-traffic post , only about a dozen competing comments ) . 
  and , uh , i 'm a pretty good moderator . 
  all that , and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish . 
  so what do you think , now that you at least slightly know me ? 
  i know , right ? 
  in case you did n't know , it 's / u/darqwolff 's work . 
  his account has been inactive for a while , but he might be masquerading under an alt . 
  right this way . 
  here 's your complaining headwear . 
  incorrect . 
  it was n't really a crusade to spread the faith . 
  wherever they went , people did convert to islam , but that was n't because they politically instituted it . 
  those who converted were more social climbers seeking to impress the muslims , or people who felt that it was a genuinely more compelling faith . 
  there was pressure to convert , but it was n't any more than any other time a government with a new religion takes over . 
  i 'm not saying that the muslims did n't conquer by killing . 
  they most certainly did . 
  it was pretty brutal . 
  that 's not different from anyone else ever . 
  i am only saying that they did n't formally or practically force people to convert to islam , particularly not upon pain of death . 
  this is what i learned in history class , and i still have the high school textbook to back it up . 
  irrelevant . 
  he makes concessions , but the reason you 're supposed to dislike him is his unforgivably low level of maturity . 
  but ... god is omniscient . 
  and so the entire calvinist argument . 
  he would then also know whether we will go to heaven or hell at our death . 
  there 's also http://detexify.kirelabs.org for the latex escape sequence of a character . 
  oh , absolutely . 
  that is what i personally believe . 
  i 'll have to check with the local priest ( i 'd link you our website , but the problem is that i 'm in charge of it so it 's terrible at the moment ) whether anything contrary is specified by the denomination of christianity that i associate myself with , but otherwise it remains my belief that god does know who is going to heaven and who to hell . 
  if calvinism says anything of the sort about calvinism , then i have just found myself good reason to dismiss it . 
  however , i think a more interesting problem arises in the nature of responsibility and forgiveness : how can god judge you if he created you with your entire , eternal life already in mind ? 
  i believe i can answer this satisfactorily , but it 's past 2:30 am and all i want to do is go to sleep . 
  post this as a link ( '' [ fixed ] '' ) , and i 'll upvote it . 
  [ relevant shitty ms word mockup ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ic1fl.png ), 
  but hitler was n't so bad !, 
  * he killed hitler * amirite ??? 
  source ? 
  / r/circlejerkcopypasta needs some love . 
  this came to mind for me , too . 
  funny how timely it is . 
  it 's better this way , trust me . 
  there 's still the condesce . 
  still humanoid enough to plausibly kiss . 
  trolls are like humans but with grey skin and horns . 
  you probably drew it backwards . 
  have you checked out the work of mario szegedy ? 
  / promotion, 
  not a physical impossibility , though . 
  new otp : roxy/condesce . 
  have n't figured out what quadrant yet . 
  edit : god , i got every quadrant , sort of except flushed . 
  father/son . 
  ashen with two characters is easy , you could have meenah/roxy/condesce or past condesce/roxy/future condesce , or roxy/condesce/dream roxy , or a million other different things . 
  as a rule , all professors ' websites suck . 
  kernelsprites are n't made of matter * or * antimatter . 
  evidence for that is that they do n't `` react '' with air at all , ca n't be pushed/prodded , float in the air , etc. 
  how i explained it away is that , while a kernelsprite has no mass , it has some amount of energy bound to it . 
  when you prototype something with a kernelsprite , the original thing you prototyped disappears/is destroyed , and the kernel morphs into an imitation of certain qualities of it that existed along its timeline ( not necessarily an imitation of the object itself , though ; when john prototyped his nanna 's ashes , the kernel turned into nanna , not the ashes ) . 
  however , it 's impossible to destroy a kernelsprite ( how would you even do that ? 
  it 's a gaming abstraction ) , and so when one kernelsprite was added to the other , they each copied the other , including the energy bound to them , creating a point where the energy was increasing by a factor of o ( 4 ^ ( n ) ) . 
  if you put enough energy into one place , it becomes a [ kugelblitz ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kugelblitz_ ( astrophysics ) ) , a kind of black hole . 
  thanks , but it 's out of proportion . 
  i 'm looking to make a better one . 
  i 'll probably get my lazy ass to it eventually . 
  man , i do n't even understand why you are getting downvoted . 
  sure , native mac support would be nice , but parallels is the next best thing , and , from the looks of it , a completely viable solution . 
  sorry that you 're getting punished for just reminding us of an alternative !, 
  one dirk , one ar . 
  or they can communicate via telemetry , and have ar exist in multiple pairs of glasses ? 
  it 's far from inconceivable . 
  but ... that 's incorrect . 
  / r/circlejerk is just one big circlejerk ? 
  incon * ceiv * able . 
  see , this is a problem .
