  yay . 
  ( the professor is very tyrannical . 
  she should learn python . 
  she 'd love it . ), 
  i do n't do computation very well , though . 
  i mix the numbers up in my head . 
  once , i actually added 2 + 2 to get 5 . 
  i 'd probably do well in oceania . 
  the theory , though , is very easy always . 
  historically , though , everyone who bothered to form an opinion , except my father and some math teachers , which is to say my mother and some other math teachers , thought that i suck at math . 
  i guess , in a way , they 're right . 
  ( i 've also experimentally verified that i think about 20 % slower than the average between all of my friends . 
  i am the slowest thinker i am aware of . 
  that 's okay . 
  the problems are n't going to just escape or anything . ), 
  i 've confirmed my suspicions that i think extra slowly . 
  i performed an experiment with my friends , involving a multi-part short quiz , that measured on-the-spot thinking ability . 
  i designed it , but i had a program procedurally generate the specific questions . 
  i got my whole drawing class and whole math class to take it . 
  i 've determined that i think 4/5 as fast as average , coming out the slowest out of anyone , but my test time multiplied by 10 cm * min + the area of the amount of work that i showed is the third least out of anyone . 
  no , she just looks fat , due to the sagginess of her clothes . 
  if you 'll notice , all she is is short and ... proportioned . 
  not even that ; it gets stopped at an earlier stage . 
  the sperm normally has an acrisomal vesicle at the tip , a puch containing signaling molecules that correspond to receptors near the egg 's surface that , if activated , let the sperm through . 
  how it 's supposed to work is that the acrisomal vesicle breaks when the sperm bumps its head on the egg , releasing the signaling molecules , which trigger the receptors on the egg , which let the sperm in . 
  however , these signaling molecules are essentially species-specific ( which is the whole point of the system ) ; no way in heck that the dog acrisomal signal could have matched up with the cat receptors . 
  i 've seen this everywhere in gie\u00dfen , germany , where i visit a lot . 
  sorry , but that is n't possible !, 
  a sperm cell normally has an acrisomal vesicle at the tip , a pouch containing signaling molecules that correspond to receptors near the egg 's surface that , if activated , let the sperm through . 
  how it 's supposed to work is that the acrisomal vesicle breaks when the sperm bumps its head on the egg , releasing the signaling molecules , which trigger the receptors on the egg , which let the sperm in . 
  however , these signaling molecules are essentially species-specific ( which is the whole point of the system ) ; no way in heck that the dog acrisomal signal could have matched up with the cat receptors . 
  what makes you think that 's american ? 
  and the worst part is , it seems that people conclude that you 're too stupid to be helped , or too antisocial , or anyway that it 's your fault that they ca n't fix your depression . 
  oh god , i feel so terrible blaming other people for something serious , but just ... this ... once !, 
  it ca n't be the case that one could do it on their own , so it logically becomes the responsibility of others to help . 
  but so , if you try to convince them that it 's the wrong way to go about it , it immediately becomes your fault to them . 
  that 's really frustrating . 
  for me , one useful theorem did come out of those thoughts : i concluded that everyone 's experiences are relative , and we resize our emotions to fit our context , despite the fact that comparing those contexts to each other on an absolute scale yields a great overall disparity . 
  that 's kind of sad , because it means that even if our standard of living improves , it wo n't make us any happier , unless we directly modify our brains . 
  s/now/meow /, 
  i wonder how she designed the ai for that . 
  did she copy the ai bundled with the regular-sized chess sets ? 
  did she design her own ? 
  did she base her approach on her own strategy , or did she do the `` every possible move to n depth , evaluate best scenario '' thing ? 
  ( the original idea was that you 've seen the picture so many times that you do n't need to see it , just the link , because you can visualize it in your head ; some people use it now as a way to communicate an idea comically ; this one is the former usage ), 
  there really is no way to tell over the internet , is there ? 
  every complaint is worth listening to , except if you 've heard it before and have n't forgotten . 
  this one goes under `` forgotten '' . 
  ( or to put it another , meaner way : whiny is what you call someone when you want to dismiss a complaint you do n't want to hear . 
  usually , you do n't want to hear complaints because you do n't want to change , not because you think they 're unfounded or trivial . ), 
  well , by `` over the internet '' i meant `` using mini-markdown formatting , and interpreting only the output , using no self-reference '' . 
  but i 'd prefer < abbr  if it were available !, 
  how would it collapse under its own weight ? 
  major scandal , followed by riots ? 
  the cash suddenly all gets funneled away somehow ? 
  second american revolution ? 
  and * that 's * why i want a 3d printer . 
  awesome build ( although you could have saved hundreds of dollars here and there ) , but one thing confuses me : what 's the msata for ? 
  it 's not a laptop , and you have three other ssd hard drives to work with . 
  are you gon na use it for swap space or something ? 
  i did n't know windows was sub-30 gb . 
  great going , then !, 
  this kills the wallet . 
   a cartoon, 
  no , hashtags are also used to signal suprasegmental stuff ; that is , stuff you ca n't say with words . 
  they add nuance in meaningful ways to a post . 
  all in all , i think they 're a fine supplement for compensating for the lack of tone of voice and facial expression in the internet medium . 
  they 're words plus a hashtag . 
  the hashtag tags them as thoughts rather than explicit things said , sort of like parentheses . 
  you would n't be able to say that that way without them . 
  or just wrong, 
  well , a dump is a place you put trash , and a source is a place to get things from . 
  so i 'm guessing dump-source means to take something from a dump and use it . 
  i have no idea what upcycling is , though . 
  but that one just lacks consistent gravity , not containing any actually impossible shapes . 
  this one is more relevant : [ * waterfall * ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e8/escher_waterfall.jpg ), 
  that 's not a very good sign , for your grade . 
  what about physics ? 
  you need to know what you 're talking about for that . 
  that mostly holds true for the other sciences . 
  you could bs your way through a few math classes , though , ironically ( ironic because math is supposed to contain absolute truths ) . 
  a very large amount of fields ( here , `` most sciences , including physics '' ) that do n't follow a rule do n't qualify that rule to be `` just about '' followed . 
  the ones i am thinking of are very many . 
  sure , they 're not the only jobs in existence , but there 's a lot of them , they 're well-known , and they 're not even the only jobs that do n't meet the criteria . 
  for example , any wage-paying jobs are also excluded . 
  the technique is applicable in teaching , but it 's not going to get you very far on its own , and is n't very good . 
  athletes also do n't benefit from it . 
  it is n't `` just about all '' , it is n't `` most '' , it 's probably not even `` a majority of '' . 
  it 's just wrong . 
  would n't that make the feeling worse , though ? 
  little-known , `` or '' can mean that both things are true as well , at least formally . 
  come on , you have to at least admit , the graphics are fucking * amazing . 
  that 's not its intended use . 
  the guide specifically states that maxing out [ reasoning ] requires you to abandon the [ rhetoric ] school . 
  it took me a while to understand what was different here . 
  it 's difficult to see !, 
  which is what 's happened now . 
  your comment 's almost expired . 
  i did n't know what bro tales were up until your comment explained them so well . 
  ... how , with your wrists ?
