  and i really think you 're putting too much faith in the humor element here . 
  you know all those xkcd comics everyone always links to to make a point ? 
  this comic is equally quotable , and probably not by accident . 
   suddenly now that it 's on your turf , it 's not funny ? 
  nah , i find * most * smbc comics unfunny , either because they rely too much on niche references to compensate for weak humor , or because they lack both references * and * humor . 
  but the good ones are really good . 
  but would a muslim country really be called `` hindu '' - stan ? 
  does n't that literally mean hinduland ? 
  no , arguing about it is what 's stupid , since it 's a stupid picture . 
  he did n't say which side is right . 
  yup . 
  i 'd love to be out there playing the game with all of the fascinating useless bugs , but it just wo n't start . 
  a day or so, 
  not much . 
  i mainly posted it because it 's funny and relevant . 
  how does one create sapmi ? 
  they do n't have cores . 
  edit : i figured it out !, 
  they need to revolt, 
  nope . 
  i should have written `` i thought you guys would like it '' . 
  i do n't find it funny ( like most things ) , but people here probably do . 
  if i was n't fairly confident most of the sub would already agree with it anyway , i would n't have posted the rant . 
  i hate getting into arguments over the internet . 
  they are a waste of time and nobody learns anything . 
  sure . 
  [ this ] ( http://crev.info/2013/10/bah-fest/ ) is mainly what i 'm talking about . 
  looking at it now it seems pretty ignored , but last time i searched for something related to bahfest , it was the second result , so it has to be * somewhat * popular . 
  to its credit , it seems somewhat neutral ( unlike other articles on the site ) , although that depends on how you read it . 
  yeah , bahfest was a great and funny endeavor and the fact that it happened is awesome . 
  but if the majority of your audience is going to misunderstand your satire ( which is n't quite what 's happening with this comic , since it 's not quite the same sort of satire as bahfest , if it 's satire at all ) , then you 're doing it wrong . 
  nah , you know what , i 've changed my mind . 
  one comic wo n't make much of a difference . 
  trying to get most people to stop being prescriptivists is impossibly hard ; who cares if one comic reinforces their beliefs ? 
  oh , it 's not new ? 
  i 'm having a hard time thinking of too many applications for it , but since 1.12 the ai does love to build , and for the first time , you can annex provinces you have n't occupied . 
  thus , you might be able to take a lot of the ai 's money and manpower for `` free '' if you can get them to peace out before they 've lost it . 
  in practice , this means occupying only forts , since they contain the lion 's share of warscore . 
  it also allows transfer of manpower between players in multiplayer , but that 's less useful . 
  when you put it that way , it sounds like it 's a walk down the street . 
  it does n't matter who you 're watching movies with , you 'll get to holy grail * eventually * all the same, 
  they sort of are , are n't they ? 
  they collect content that fits the label, 
  tbf that does sound reliable and scalable, 
  the joke is python is easy to use , rather than python syntax is lax, 
  that 's really weird . 
  usually nogai gets raped by everyone surrounding them very early on . 
  i guess they allied the timurids ? 
  it 's always good to know exploits . 
  kinda like munchkining in d&d, 
  ahhh . 
  is perm independent ? 
  just without common sense ? 
  some of the features * are * pretty sweet , but you 'll be fine without them . 
  lack of vassal actions might get annoying , and some of the buildings are nice , but that 's all . 
  yesss , this is a highly desirable strategy for my perm game . 
  my only regret is they 're not shamanist . 
   consider getting rid of forts , they still take .8 ducats a month when mothballed . 
  .5 for me as champa . 
  does it depend on tech ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  it 's all the abuse of poorly-thought-out mechanics for one 's benefit . 
  by the book playing . 
  will this significantly increase my risk of skin cancer ? 
  i was referring to both . 
  laypeople would be more concerned about uv though, 
  i thought you ca n't change mode or lucky nations for ironman ? 
  or just regular small snakes . 
  many animals contain blood, 
  finland senior, 
  edit : remove russia remove russia, 
  you are worst russia . 
  you are the russia idiot you are the russia smell . 
  return to georgioa . 
  to our finland cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , novgorod we will never forgeve you . 
  bolshevik rascal fuck but fuck asshole russia stink novgorod perkele perkale . . russia genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead russia . . ahahahahahnovgorod we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . finliand we kill the king , finland return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot russia and novgorod smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove russia from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + finlan + stalin = kill novgorod ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in karelia , tupac making album of karelia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink russia ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt, 
  tupac alive numbr one # 1 in karelia ... . fuck the ingria , . . fuckk ashol russia no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the rusia farm aminal with rap magic now we the karela rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and belorusisia wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  lepak time here . 
  now isleep too, 
  yes they own the most important part of karelia, 
  \\  bladder, 
  you misspelled `` blood vessels '' ( which , to be fair , are collected into a sort of bladder-ish structure , but are n't really different from how blood is stored anywhere else in the body ; having just bags of your blood , especially hanging off of you and hooked up to the entire rest of your circ system , would be a horrible evolutionary disadvantage ), 
  [ implying you ever got independence ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ implying you 're not the 51st , 52nd , and 53rd states of the us ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ implying you 're not the # 1 us fanboy ] ( #green - text ), 
  i remember captaincrunchie taking a stab at this one once , this is of equal caliber, 
  also does tl actually use `` ay '' that much ? 
  i always thought it was just a formal thing . 
  in hungarian our word order reverser ( `` az '' , in certain contexts `` ez '' ) is uncommon at best . 
  i was trying to figure out what a `` fingernail oder '' was before i realized that it 's germanglish for `` fingernail or '' haha, 
  in genetics we call it a [ `` palindrome '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palindromic_sequence ) , despite it not actually being a palindrome in the traditional sense,
