  you can still deliver the punchline !, 
  finish him !, 
  holy hell , how did you get that into space ? 
  : o my second stage always falls apart because of the structural stress from being attached to the completely gigantic lower lifter stage !, 
  most inefficient ? 
  why ? 
  i 'll give you inefficient usage of atomic thrusters : i had a middle stage with an orange tank in the middle , ringed by eight asparagus-staged triple-tall normal-width tanks with an atomic on each . 
  the orange tank was hooked up to the last asparagus stage , so its thruster drained from the radial tanks as well . 
  do you know what thruster i put on it ? 
  a skipper . 
  i 'd be happy to debate the former with you , but in fact my entire argument is summarized by [ this ] ( http://lesswrong.com/lw/ih/absence_of_evidence_is_evidence_of_absence/ ) article . 
  if you want to read it , i recommend it . 
  priceless !, 
  okay . 
  i definitely agree with you on that one . 
  well , i guess if i wanted to be talking about * proving * a thing , i 'd say `` absence of proof is not proof of absence '' . 
  i just learned a new way people use the word `` evidence '' , i guess . 
  ah , then that 's where our ideologies diverge : mine is `` multiple launches do n't win contests '' . 
  well , i was using `` lithobraking '' in the more general sense . 
  i meant it simply as stopping your fall by hitting the surface , whether you 're going at 0.5 m/s or 500 m/s . 
  i can land at ~ 4 m/s , which does n't really stop me from calling it lithobraking . 
  can you turn it ? 
  til i have more than a naive understanding of relativity . 
  yay ? 
  10 ^ 130 is nearly square as many atoms there are estimated to be in the universe , ~ 10 ^ ( 88 ) . 
  edit : you put that figure in your post , actually . 
  ( well , i 'm off by a factor of ten million . ), 
  why are you still calling it an overestimation ? 
  that 's the man, 
  no , i am saying that i 'm * not * confused by it , for that reason ( accelerating reference frames and whatnot ) . 
  thank you for explaining anyway . 
  other than being good for hunting ( which totally counts ) , how have dogs contributed to human society ? 
  `` comfort '' does n't exactly cut it . 
  edit : thank you for the great responses !, 
  i love this sub . 
  i dunno , i prefer my controller for fpses . 
  not because accuracy , but because ergonomics . 
  i play on a pc . 
  i mean that i plug my xbox controller into my pc , and use that . 
  no fair , i wanted to do that !, 
  well , the sooner the better , i guess . 
  that ... is not any chinese characters . 
  wait , are you really a biochemist from nk ? 
  i am a biomedical engineer , so i 've vaguely dabbled in your field before . 
  high-five !, 
  yeah i was gon na say the same thing . 
  fuck , op , i nearly had a heart attack . 
  ( figuratively . ), 
  i 'm surprised that was still in kerbin soi !, 
  i was unable to read the article , but based on the title : did n't this happen a while ago ? 
  or is this new ? 
  i should make an account like this , but manned by a bot . 
  it would be a great exercise in programming ( and computational linguistics ) , but where it would really pay off is all the funny hatemail i 'd get . 
  hmm ... point proven , since your comment got upvoted . 
  and the autonymic response would be , `` apology . '', 
  ^ ( ( sort of ) ^ ), 
  i 'd complain that i expected a latte that actually had heisenberg ( the physicist ) on it , but the guy was pretty ugly , so i 'm not disappointed . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what does masturbation have to do with going blind ? 
  huh . 
  i 've never heard it . 
  if that were true , nearly all men would be blind , and have hairy palms . 
  they do n't . 
  qed , it does n't . 
  edit : somebody else replied and said it was an `` old wives ' tale '' . 
  okay . 
  ~ ~ the story of my ceiling . ~ ~, 
  let me try :, 
  i have this really thin metallic disk , that i spin in place using a tiny motor . 
  there is a little implement on top of the disk that can change the magnetization of the disk in small spots , using electricity . 
  it 's also got a feature that if it detects magnetization on a part of a disk , then it can produce an electric current . 
  so this way , i can store information on the disk , by checking whether individual spots on it are magnetized or not . 
  there 's a simple code for converting sequences of magnetized parts to letters . 
  here , you can make one up yourself : five non-magnetized parts after another is a , four non-magnetized parts and one magnetized parts is b , three non-magnetized parts after another , one magnetized part , and then another non-magnetized part is c , and so on . 
  we call the amount of information stored by one of these parts a `` bit '' , and we call non-magnetized `` 0 '' and magnetized `` 1 '' . 
  so a would be 00000 , b would be 00001 , c would be 00010 , and so forth . 
  i could also store numbers . 
  0 could be 0 , 1 could be 1 , 2 could be 10 , 3 could be 11 , 4 could be 100 , and so on . 
  it 's like counting with our ten digits , but there 's only two digits , so you move up places quicker . 
  [ other bases had , i think , long since been invented in 1916 . 
  i mean , the babylonians counted in base 60 , but i 'm pretty sure by then base systems were also part of math education . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , though , which is why i 'm explaining it . ], 
  i can also store colors this way , because a color is just three numbers : the amount of red , the amount of green , and the amount of blue . 
  no , * green * . 
  no , you 're thinking of cyan , yellow , and magenta , which you can use when you mix paint to get any color . 
  you could do it that way too , but we prefer the inverse , red , green , and blue , since when you mix light , you use those to get any color . 
  no , i swear !, 
  try it out !, 
  anyway ... if i can store a lot of colors after another , these can make up a line of colors laid out one after another . 
  we call that a `` scanline '' . 
  if you stack scanlines on top of one another , you can make a mosaic !, 
  and since there 's a lot of space on my disk , i can make really big and detailed mosaics that , if you look at them from far away , look like regular pictures . 
  in this way , i can store pictures on my disk . 
  i 've also got a camera that can take a picture , and , without developing it , just store it on the disk immediately . 
  it can do this because instead of film covered with a chemical that turn shades of gray when light hits them , instead it 's got little metal pieces of metal in a mosaic grid that emit electricity when light hits them . 
  in fact , it 's divided up into different kinds of pieces so that there 's kinds of pieces that are only activated by red light , and kinds that are only activated by green light , and kinds that are activated by blue light . 
  i think . 
  i do n't know too much about the details . 
  but , anyway , based on the electric charges coming from the little pieces of metal , it can write down on the disk using the reading and writing implement on it which ones were activated , in the format i told you earlier . 
  it can do this nearly instantly , too , since the reading and writing implement can go really fast .
