  although i do n't have the luxury of checking out his user history . 
  ( i 'm on alien blue , and it 's too hard to bother with . ), 
  if the floor is made of legos that are all at the same height , then that 's not that bad and maybe even therapeutic . 
  but if the legos are n't connected and their orientations are randomized ... 
  think of a floor made of legos in heaps with a consistent very high absolute value of slope , though . 
  it 's like laying on a bed of nails where the nails are 2 cm thick and 20 cm long . 
  spaced put randomly and sparsely . 
  and you ca n't just shuffle your feet between the nails because the floor is made of very splintery wood . 
  either you are young , really socially inept , or have direct evidence in hand that contradicts your beliefs . 
  hmm , i started out liking his hypothesis , but i disagreed with him more as the paper went on . 
  i completely disagree with his last point , for example . 
  i have a burning , inescapable desire to be * powerful * . 
  i mean this in every way . 
  i want to literally be able to move mountains , or any equivalent . 
  i want to go beyond even that . 
  i want to be able to create a universe with a word , to resurrect with a breath , to stop time with a thought , to take the reins on fortune and command it , without the slightest effort . 
  and , as is evidenced by five hundred years of rapid technological improvement , the best way to get to that point is to use and the scientific method and apply the result . 
  however , first you have to catch up . 
  i remember the day when i learned the law of sines and the law of cosines . 
  i was * euphoric * . 
  just fucking * try * and stop me now , i can solve any triangle with minimal information , * bitch !, 
  * i remember the day i learned how to find the volume of a rotational solid . 
  everything was suddenly just another transparent object to me . 
  you ca n't deal with * me !, 
  * * i can calculate your volume . 
  * i remember the day i learned how to solve a separable differential equation . 
  i remember the day that i learned that things were made of atoms , were made of electrons and protons and neutrons , were made of quarks , were made of strings . 
  i remember the day i learned about nuclear fission and fusion , and that e = mc ^ ( 2 ) , and that as your kinetic energy increases your speed asynptotically approaches the speed of light . 
  i remember the day i learned about dna and genetics and plasmids and ribosomes and rna and enzymes . 
  i remember the day i learned about cells and organelles and the cellular membrane and cytoplasm . 
  i remember the day i learned about the earth 's mantle and core , and convection currents and protodisks . 
  i remember the day i learned that the universe was 14.6 billion years , and had so many stars and galaxies and nebulae in it * and there were black holes and quasars and dark matter and dark energy in it too . 
  * i remember the day i learned to program in c on my father 's ibm , and assembly on my snes . 
  and that * is * improvement , and i did n't improve because i made myself do it , i improved because * it made me feel powerful * . 
  that 's * inside of me * . 
  do n't tell me that everything inside of me opposes improvement . 
  then why have i improved ? 
  * what , over all of this time , has made me into the person i am now ? 
  do n't tell me that was n't me !, 
  i have a purpose , and i am working toward it , and it is * *** mine *** . 
  * do n't you dare discredit it !, 
  edit : other things i appreciate learning :, 
  - differential optimization, 
  - regressional analysis, 
  - newton 's method, 
  - newton 's laws, 
  - bayes ' theorem, 
  - taylor polynomials ( i can calculate a fucking * sine * from a fucking * cave * ), 
  - anything by einstein, 
  - anything published by feynman, 
  - the standard model and how to derive it, 
  - introductory string theory, 
  - introductory organic chemistry, 
  - how to make a ruler, 
  - how to make a calorimeter, 
  - how to make a fridge, 
  - how to make an electric motor, 
  - how to make a dynamo, 
  - how to make a microscope, 
  - how to make a telescope, 
  - how to make a mass spectrometer, 
  - how to make a spectrograph, 
  - how to make a lightbulb, 
  - how to make a radio, 
  look at all of these things i can use and apply !, 
  fear me , fucker !, 
  sorry , i took the word `` opposite '' to mean something else . 
  i took it it mean something like this :, 
  a = { x : x is a beefy douchebag }, 
  b = { x : x is someone who ca n't get laid }, 
  original statement : m is an element of a implies m is an element of b, 
  `` opposite '' statement : m is an element of a ^ ( -1 ) implies that m is an element of b, 
  so , i took your statement to mean that , '' ... while , in reality , * only * beefy douchebags get laid . '', 
  hey , come on , i spend a few minutes writing that , and you think that i put my entire life story on the page ? 
  that 's not fair at all . 
  i 'm not saying that i know all these grade-school facts , and now i 'm content with it and i recline uncomfortably and lazily on my shoddy pile of `` facts '' . 
  that 's not what 's happening at all !, 
  the entire point of my post is that i * learn * . 
  and of course , learning is n't very special !, 
  everyone does it !, 
  i 'm just saying that the desire * does * come from within and i have * proof * . 
  also , grade school facts are the most important ones !, 
  do n't tell me that the most frequently used mathematical operations in both science and engineering are n't arithmetical ones , and do n't tell me that you can be a biologist without knowing about cells . 
  ( unless you want to be a taxonomist , but even so . ), 
  even with only a grade school-level knowledge base , you can already accomplish amazing feats of engineering . 
  and no , i ca n't repair a fridge , but i can certainly build one . 
  ( i mean , a prototype fridge . 
  if i devoted a lot of effort to the matter , i * would * end up with a usable and pretty advanced fridge . 
  but building and refining fridges is n't what i want to do . ), 
  look , all i am is passionate about knowledge , and science , and engineering , because it 's the best solution to most of our problems that i 've yet encountered . 
  if you think there 's something wrong with that , then i am happy to hear your argument . 
  but i really ca n't find any reason for someone not to be passionate about something that * helps * people . 
  edit : also , some people never make great contributions to the advancement of humanity . 
  i just have n't made mine yet . 
  or if i do n't , then it certainly wo n't be for lack of trying . 
  oh , i definitely was n't getting upset !, 
  there 's other reasons to use exclamation marks and capital letters and emphatic formatting . 
  but anyway , i am getting a degree in biomedical engineering . 
  once i have a phd in it , i hope to research forever !, 
  the best thing that i could possibly do in that career is end death .
