  oh god yes, 
  yeah , but that 's only two uses of revelawesome . 
  i need a third instance of revelawesome to add it . 
  ( also , i 've run out of space to add stuff . 
  i 'll make a new post once vol . 
  10 comes out ! ), 
  fuck pun threads !, 
  about two and a half cm ; like , the length of one of the longer segments of your fingers, 
  not really , i hate pun threads . 
  i do n't know , i 've always seen face-covering as more of a feminist thing . 
  it forces men to relate to the woman as a person , rather than through physical cues . 
  it makes a woman only identifiable through her eyes and voice . 
  this gives men less to sexualize , and forces them to focus on what * matters * ( the voice , ie her words/thoughts/mind ) . 
  the men are n't covering their faces . 
  s/loyal/brave / g, 
  well , granted , the men need to change their attitude ; i.e. , women should not need to cover their faces to prevent being sexualized . 
  but covering one 's face prevents one from being sexualized . 
  preventing oneself from being sexualized is , assuming the axioms of feminism , a desirable thing . 
  ergo covering one 's face is desirable for feminists . 
  if they do n't want to be sexualized by women , then they could . 
  i made a theme a while ago . 
  [ here it is . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/v7ih0/i_made_a_green_sun_theme_for_chrome_and_i_really/ ), 
  so , you 're 14/under ? 
  nearly fits in the top row , too . 
  saturdays . 
  yes , how do i do that ? 
  i 'm on a mac . 
  ( i know how to import an audio file into an audio editor , and then export it from the audio editor . 
  i do n't know how to use this power on a video file . ), 
  thanks for using my theme !, 
  and thank you for the celebrity comment . 
  i 've only heard that once or twice before . 
  exactly . 
  searching through a pile of identical-looking pieces for the right one takes o ( n ! ), 
  steps to solve , where n is the number of pieces ( the expected value of the steps needed to solve it is about sqrt ( n !, 
  ) , which is n't that much better ; this does n't account for the corner-edge-body strategy , and also does n't account for the fact that the puzzle is shaped like a rectangle instead of a straight line . ) . 
  putting together a regular puzzle is fun because you can see a picture start to take form , and because the strategy is kind of fun , and because of the satisfaction of the finished product . 
  this looks like an experiment where someone decided to take away the first thing , to see whether it was still fun . 
  but it is n't !, 
  hardly , anyway . 
  you 're just testing two pieces , over and over , until you get enough correct matches . 
  that 's work , not play . 
  you may as well be doing something productive , like sorting stuff at an assembly line or something . 
  it 's not intellectually engaging at all . 
  that 's true , i had n't thought of remembering puzzle shapes like that . 
  that does make it more enjoyable . 
  ( though not for everyone , i would think . ), 
  instead of a mechanical exercise , it becomes a memory game . 
  i should try that next time . 
  i maintain , though , that if you did n't develop that strategy , you 'd be stuck comparing puzzle pieces one at a time over and over again , and that 's not fun . 
  well , maybe to some people it is , but i think they 're in the minority . 
  i personally do n't like the kind of video games where you have to grind , either ; i think the appeal there is that there is some larger purpose to it ; that is , the reward has value . 
  ( at least , when i asked / r/truegaming , that 's what they said . ), 
  i was only predicting something based on knowledge and analysis , not `` complaining '' or anything . 
  i 'd be complaining if i thought it was great , bought it , tried it , and did n't like it . 
  i was n't saying `` do n't get it , this sucks '' . 
  i just thought that it would be boring to play . 
  i tried to imagine playing it , and i found that my imaginary self was extremely bored by it . 
  then i tried to come up with an explanation for why . 
  i 'm not asserting that i 'm some authority on puzzles or anything . 
  ( and it 's not like i have n't played puzzles before . 
  they used to be the only toys my mother would buy me when i was between ages 2 and 9 . 
  true , the largest puzzle i 've ever put together was only 1,500 pieces , but you ca n't say i do n't know what i 'm talking about . ), 
  imovie . 
  solving the entire puzzle is o ( n !, 
  ) , i mean ( and o ( n ) ) . 
  but even that 's not accurate , because there 's multiple pieces that will fit the previous piece . 
  and we 're not accounting for the fact that people tend to first sort out the corners , then the edges , then the body . 
  and then on average it 's not n/2 for the next piece ( assuming the puzzle is linear instead of rectangular ) . 
  i thought it was sqrt ( n ) , but i 'm not sure about that . 
  assuming it 's sqrt ( n ) for one piece , then the entire puzzle should be sqrt ( n ! ) . 
  edit : i 'm using o here to mean `` worst-case '' , and also fudging the calculations a bit ( i think it 's actually o ( ( n-1 ) !, 
  ) , for example , since even if it 's the last piece in the pile , you do n't have to compare it ) . 
  maybe that 's what you mistook ... 
  the problem is you would n't retain your degree . 
  well okay , \u0394 = change is taught in middle school/early high school . 
  you do n't have to be a math major to find it funny . 
  `` hah , like it actually requires effort '', 
  no , paper is bigger than that . 
  it suffocates the rock to death like a boa constrictor . 
  if you can , read his book , * how the mind works * , by steven pinker . 
  it 's full of this stuff . 
  ( i have free pdfs if anyone wants them . ), 
  edit : https://www.dropbox.com/s/2zyvf0ej99jtnj9/steven%20pinker%20-%20how%20the%20mind%20works.pdf, 
  i do n't suppose i can help as an independent researcher ? 
  i have equipment for analyzing the physical and chemical properties of the water ( nothing too complicated , just things like a thermometer and various dyes that indicate the presence of whatever ) , and a microscope . 
  or , since this is mostly useless , can i stand around and watch while whatever lab goes and gets samples ? 
  i 'm not a microbiologist per se ( yet ) , but this is pretty exciting for me and i 've always loved marine biology , particularly the fieldwork . 
  the book that taught me genetics as i was growing up was * the cartoon guide to genetics * . 
  however , it 's very cursory , and i doubt you 'd gain much from it if you already know what happens on the cellular level . 
  ( it deals more with how rna and dna work in the first place , rather than mendelian or population genetics themselves . ), 
  is that the one that teaches integrals ? 
  okay . 
  look at paul 's notes and khan academy . 
  especially , from the latter , the part where he does questions from ap calc bc ap tests , since those have problems with more creative applications of functions and integrals . 
  also if there 's a concept you do n't understand , there 's probably an mit opencourseware lecture for it . 
  take the mit ocw exam on the topic as practice . 
  i walked around the area my hotel was in in socks , programming and trying to get wifi . 
  i did n't have such a rad table , though .
