  dunno , physics ? 
  the only thing we 've actually seen rick do is transfer matter in and out of the microverse , at scale . 
  something something `` strictly better '' something something not literally all the time, 
  beetleberries ? 
  edit : also innervate + relying on big minions to turn up in your deck . 
  the top 2 brawl is better suited for this quest unfortunately . 
  hah , compared to the rest of those , however , nautiluses are very special . 
  no nautilus species have chromatophores , and all of them are as dumb as a sack of bricks compared to other cephalopods . 
  they are very good at not getting decompression sickness , however . 
  that is such a good visual pun . 
  props . 
  well , assume he gigantifies some solar panels and puts them around a star inside the microverse . 
  the giant solar panels will produce giant electricity . 
  if he could use giant electricity to power normal-size appliances , he would n't have to do anything other than take a regular generator and gigantify * that . 
  * he has not done that , so presumably giant electricity is incompatible with normal-size appliances . 
  they have comparatively simple neurology , and not very good memory . 
  compare this to other cephalopods , which can do complex problem-solving , and sometimes social stuff . 
  the state of their neurology `` says a lot '' mainly about their ecological niche . 
  other cephalopods have to be very smart because they are hunters , and hunting is a complex task . 
  nautiluses are scavengers . 
  most of the things they eat do n't move . 
  if a nautilus is born that is smarter than other nautiluses , it can not benefit from this . 
  so they remain dumb . 
  calling them dumb was not meant to demean them . 
  every animal is as smart as it has to be ; sometimes this means they are very smart , and sometimes this means they are very dumb . 
  the point of it was that nautiluses are a huge outlier compared to other cephalopods in this regard , more so than in perhaps any other aspect . 
  it is one of the things they are famous for . 
  ( but also , pointing and laughing at them is funny , so if you want to demean them for being dumb relative to other cephalopods , totally go ahead . 
  the best part is , they ca n't read or understand language , so they ca n't get offended about it . ), 
  well , i do n't think everybody wants to `` shit on [ him ] '' . 
  both trump and this subreddit have been very self-aware about how badly his and our predictions were off . 
  i think the majority of people here feel for him , and just like to see him go over his failures for fun . 
  halfway through includes priest , though , so that is n't a very good place to start sampling . 
  it 's okay , though , if we cared enough to analyze the whole thing , we 'd have done it by now . 
  of course !, 
  there is for example troggzor , the best card in hearthstone . 
   nozdormu works on small minions too , so it would be the opposite of patches - loading your deck up with trash that you do n't want to draw in late game . 
  nozdormu , the timeless one would be good in burn mage . 
  i ca n't see it being played in paladin , though . 
  paladin 's bombs are tirion and buff cards ( especially steed ) , and it already has stonehill defender and that one murloc to get extra copies of those . 
  i 'd really like to see a version of that nozdormu that costs 5 or less in mage . 
  that way you could have a fatigue strategy with time warp that beats jades a lot of the time :, 
  draw your whole deck, 
  obtain time warp, 
  play nozdormu , time warp, 
  smack opponent in face with nozdormu , play time warp, 
  goto 4, 
  but once per game * every * game . 
  unless you 're not quest rogue . 
  the only situation where the original is better is if your opponent has played a wrathguard . 
  i guess it 's not completely self-contradictory to say , `` i think meteor is op . 
  it should be even slightly more op . '', 
  the implication is that you 're alright with it being op . 
  on a friendly acolyte or imp gang boss , or an enemy acolyte if you 're trying to fatigue them . 
  really , if we list enough of these , we 'll discover op was right all along and it really is a nerf !, 
  my facebook is in hungarian . 
  the word next to the rainbow react it writes is `` b\u00fcszke '' . 
  this means `` proud '' . 
  so i am assuming you are supposed to interpret it as a `` proud '' react . 
  9 attack malygos that dies to flamestrike ? 
  wow !, 
  truly a broken card combo, 
  probably living with their parents , that 's the only way you can afford avocados short of being a millionaire, 
  well , it needs a turn to warm up . 
  alternatively , the card does n't say `` free from ice * this turn * '', 
  ( we are meming ; tim gurner , an australian multimillionaire , recently said that avocado toast is the reason millennials ca n't buy homes . 
  here is [ a rather unkind article ] ( http://www.9news.com.au/national/2017/05/15/08/39/melbourne-property-tycoon-hammers-millennials-over-spending-habits ) about it . ), 
  what kind of fatcat eats meat ? 
  its sole purpose is to make ironforge portal worse . 
  it could also be like kazakus , where she gets her own limited pool . 
  but other versions of this card that have been posted generally said , `` discover a deathrattle card and gain its effect . '', 
  eagle is a really big deal for hunter , which both does n't have healing and deals damage in 3s ( except for the overcosted explosive shot ) . 
  it should really cost 4 , though , otherwise it competes with explosive shot . 
  i wonder , would battlecries trigger ? 
  cheap neutral swing cards , like original bgh , are very overpowered . 
  expensive neutral swing cards are less so . 
  look at blazecaller ; on paper , a better firelands portal , but nobody runs it . 
  ( however , people do run firelands portal itself , so it ' e not like there 's never any room for that kind of card . 
  but firelands portal is a precious bit of burn in burn mage , and also has medivh synergy , so it makes sense for them . 
  not a lot to do with it being a swing card . ), 
  that said , this gives druid a real removal . 
  arguably they already have a cheaper one in bgh , but a lot more cards die to this than to bgh . 
  this would n't necessarily make druid overpowered , but it might warp the class identity . 
   stack some thaurissan ticks, 
  thaurissan into inner rage into blood warriors/sudden genesis ? 
  op said elsewhere that this only swaps your health , and not your armor . 
  so you can just gain a bunch of armor beforehand . 
  challenge accepted i guess ? 
  draw wolfrider with this card . 
  next turn , play wolfrider . 
  play blessed champion on the wolfrider . 
  hit face . 
  if your opponent is not dead yet , goto 1 . 
  the only problem is consistency . 
  edit : with a thaurissan discount on all 3 cards , you can play wolfrider and 2x bc the same turn for an otk . 
  wonderfully balanced around pyroblast . 
  it 's a 10-drop that does n't immediately affect the board , except for the underwhelming hit with forstmourne or something ? . 
  it definitely would n't see any play , especially not in the death knight class it 's designed for . 
  the inconsistency kills the card . 
  sure , sometimes you get to equip forstmourne , but just as often you 're equipping something ? , which is much worse .
