  that is actually way more delta-v than you actually need , but xenon tanks do n't get smaller . 
  to get that into kerbin orbit , seven fl-t200s with a rockomax 48-7s under each , asparagus-staged in a hexagon with the seventh tank at the center , would probably be more than sufficient . 
  edit : according to the single downvote , someone did n't believe this was possible !, 
  i decided to , against my better judgement , [ try it out ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kwmtu ) . 
  it worked better than i even imagined . 
  yes . 
  :\\ specifically , you can mute everything , and if you do n't pause the game they stay muted , but if you pause and come back , the aerodynamics sounds come back on , permanently . 
  [  wishlist ] ( / 4chan ), 
  [  karkat or dave dies permanently ] ( / 4chan ), 
  why do you think so ? 
  what bases are there left to cover ? 
  emotional reaction has nothing to do with it . 
  he knows that things are statistically likely to turn out badly , and so he makes decisions based on that knowledge . 
  in case you did n't see my edit , here is an album of [ me getting to eve ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kwmtu ) with a very small rocket . 
  if i actually wanted to land , i 'd make the beginning stages a little bigger , and i 'd put a horizontal decoupler and a chute on the front between the eas seat and the rest of the craft , and then just dive into eve and separate and deploy the chute . 
  if i wanted to get to eve * and back * , then i 'd lose the ion-driven part altogether , make the rocket even bigger , and attach it to a rocket that can transport it * full * to the surface of eve , which would consist of a lifter stage of mansails and orange tanks and an interplanetary stage of nuclear rockets and less long versions of the orange tanks and a remote control module and another eas seat that is also attached to a parachute . 
  then i 'd drop the lander on the surface of eve and have it come back up , and use jeb 's jetpack to circularize , and have the transfer stage rendezvous with jeb in low eve orbit and then bring him back to kerbin , where it would dive into kerbin and eject jeb on the parachute and the seat and then jeb would have been to the surface of eve . 
  do adhd meds count ? 
  harry hardly knows anything about the wizarding world yet , so he is trying to be as pessimistic as possible . 
  finally that stupid cube would have a use !, 
  they 're used for changing the perspective , and that 's important !, 
  it 's easier to just have you try it out . 
  they rotate the view around a point , along the vertical axis . 
  but with the mouse you have to move it to one side of the screen , and drag it back ... and move it to the other side again , and drag it back ... 
  then i ca n't do precision building in the vab . 
  since i have the little red trackstyle pointer , i thought of a funny way to solve this problem : make a driver that processes the mouse 's signals as newtonian , rather than aristotelian . 
  tilting it changes the velocity , not the position . 
  it exerts a * force * on the mouse , as opposed to an impetus . 
  yeah !, 
  the best possible summer program i 've ever seen for marine biology so far for high schoolers is the [ acadia institute of oceanography ] ( http://www.acadiainstitute.com/ ) . 
  : set hype = intensified, 
  nice , but most of these are absolutely terrible . 
  my favorite ones are euclid , archimedes , pascal , newton , gauss , r\u00f6ntgen , curie , bohr , and hubble . 
  tesla would look a lot better if the lightning were more toned down , pythagoras would look better with some other font besides papyrus , and bernoulli would look very good if those stream-lines had solid edges . 
  my least favorite ones are aryabhatta , ibn al-haytham , * fnwwwwvvnv * ( fourier ) , young , planck ( * shudder * ) , bragg , o tto hah n m eit ne r , oauheo ( noether ) , de broglie , bose ( seriously what is it with these guys and faces ? 
  ) , fermi ( which would look very good if the particle part was made smaller and less detailed ) , g oe pqe r tma yer , g\u00f6de , franklin , ralph hans george , rubin , and `` hiogs '' ( higgs ) . 
  the iss is in earth 's atmosphere . 
  ( the exosphere , in particular ; pressure is very light but still significant . ), 
  the air slows it down . 
  sorry , did n't read `` recreational '' in there . 
  makes sense . 
  it 's * physically * impossible . 
  when you are making a burn to adjust your orbit , the point at which you make your burn is the only point that has to be both part of your former and new orbit . 
  ksp physics fudges a lot , but this is basic newtonian physics that is definitely implemented . 
  unless you mean that it can actually do a burn that is n't in the atmo ? 
  that 's a little more believable but unless it 's a rapier i do n't think that 's possible . 
  also the original thirteen colonies, 
  you could pay someone an amount to get it for you . 
  then you could sell the account ( or the gold ? 
  not sure how it works ) to someone for more money than you spent on the guy who got it for you . 
  would a better motto be `` ad astra per aspera '' ? 
  to the stars through harsh things ( figuratively , hardships ) . 
  it 's been a saying since before tsiolkovsky , even . 
  use cmd-alt-d to toggle dock hiding . 
  once i get a 3d printer , i 'm not stopping at * anything * to make one of these . 
  ^ ( and sell it . ), 
  nothing ? 
  first language hungarian , second language english , here . 
  first try , 81 % ( 1 false positive ) . 
  second try , 89 % ( no false positives ) . 
  edit : apparently one of the words i said `` no '' to the second time was `` td '' . 
  that 's not even something you can say out loud !, 
  how was i supposed to know that a common word in english is one with no vowels ? 
  yes . 
  it 's in a hexagon :, 
  o o, 
  o o o, 
  o o, 
  o o o, 
  o o o, 
  i ca n't take extra pictures right now , sorry . 
  [ here 's what pictures i have that are relevant . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zlkvy ) i use the biggest radial decouplers possible . 
  i used to put an additional modular girder segment between the coupler and the tank , but i deemed it unnecessary here because the tanks were staged in 6es , not 8s , leading to less crowding . 
  if anything , i * wanted * the lifter stage compressed.the tiny cubic octagonal struts you see in the last picture are between the decouplers , making the lifter less wobbly in the final couple stages . 
  sometimes the decoupling of the third-to-last stage blows up the second-to-last stage , and sometimes the decoupling of the fourth-to-last stage blows up the whole rocket . 
  in one unfortunate case , decoupling the very first stage brought on the wrath of the kraken , with random explosions shaking the rocket briefly ( i think where the struts were ? ), 
  and then the whole thing completely dissociating . 
  last time i asked about this , they told me that launching rockets from the vab instead of the launch pad makes them more stable , and asked if i had any mods . 
  i 've uninstalled my relatively old version of kethane for the time being , and i 'll see how it pans out . 
  thank you for helping . 
  your cluelessness helps just as much as advice , because now i know it 's probably a glitch . 
  i 've heard of it , but i need this mission to be no mods ( for a contest ) , and i should n't need joint reinforcement anyway . 
  i 've built * larger * lifters than this . 
  much larger . 
  they 've all been fine !, 
  i do n't know what 's wrong . 
  i wonder what would happen if i coated them in girders ? 
  those have very high impact tolerances . 
  unfortunately for you , its gravity is still the same strength !, 
  you 're now stuck * extremely * deep in its gravity well . 
  what do you do ? 
  i meant like a knockoff . 
  i do n't care about the precious gems , i care about the look and astronomical accuracy . 
  i doubt anyone else would either . 
  i do n't think so . 
  this is a relatively small lifter . 
  the largest lifter i 've ever built was 189 mansails , and * that * did n't explode . 
  19 mainsails should be nothing . 
  it 's a bug with 0.22 + , i 'm convinced of it .
