  i just do n't want anyone thinking i 'm a bad person . 
  i 'm not !, 
  i ca n't stand it when even one inconsequential person thinks that way . 
  ( and i was n't trying to start a petty internet fight . 
  he really did remind me of him !, 
  i guess i have n't met too many people on the internet who do nothing but insult other people . ), 
  i 'd stick with `` ironic '' . 
  am i getting outed for being a loser now ? 
  * please * , can we just delete these from the thread ? 
  no one wants to read this . 
  [ if you do n't want to scroll down , or just ca n't find it on the page , the link to the swf itself is here . 
  kanaya 's capitalization and punctuation is terrible . 
  she never uses any periods or question marks , and always capitalizes the first letter of each word , not like you 're supposed to do in english . 
  i 'd like nothing more than a huge amount of mercury to play around with . 
  i 'd disregard all sorts of safety rules with it for a full twenty minutes , except putting it in my mouth because that would be borderline suicidal . 
  but i 'd roll it up into balls , make tiny waterfalls with it in my hands , flick little droplets of it around the table , pour some into a petri dish and put something on the surface and flick * that * around ... then , when i 'm done , i 'd pour some into a tube and make a barometer . 
  that would be the * best * . 
  first i 've got ta get a solo diving certification , though , so i could sip from a pony bottle the entire time . 
  and dae remember caloric ? 
  i 've always found this really ironic too . 
  except that i do n't think the plum pudding model anticipated that the plums would be concentrated together at the center . 
  ~ ~ what 's that bright one in the center ? ~ ~ never mind , answered : polaris . 
  i should 've thought so ... 
  not to me . 
  did ... did you misspell it on purpose ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's really hard to build buildings with root structure . 
  ( i 'm only operating on common sense , though ; i 'm not an architecture major . ), 
  hmm . 
  but the mercury swallowers of the 19th century certainly died because of it ... ( and bichloride ( hgcl * _ 2 _ * ? ), 
  is absolutely lethal of course . ), 
  it 's awesome , though , is n't it ? 
  bucharest - gone !, 
  there is a blood shortage where i am . 
  no one would appreciate wasting blood like this . 
  the fact that the death itself is used as a component of a joke . 
  it turns it into something we laugh at . 
  that 's not okay . 
  i disagree . 
  the cals are an analogue to jekyll and hyde . 
  therein , it is assumed that humans are a natural composition of some part good and some part evil . 
  dr. jekyll discovers a potion that allows you to transform into a physical form that is only either one . 
  when taking it himself , he transforms into a form that is pure evil , hyde . 
  the rest of the story is mostly about how hyde takes over jekyll 's person , to the point where when jekyll goes to sleep , he wakes up as hyde , until hyde gains complete control over the body . 
  the cals ' story is obviously very similar , but it differs in that there is n't a state where both calliope 's * and * caliborn 's personalities are active at the same time , and they form a complete person . 
  it 's either one side * or * the other that 's active at a time . 
  the point is , if we draw a parallel , then calliope and caliborn must * necessarily * complement each other as counterpart personalities , calliope being roughly the `` good '' side , and caliborn being roughly the `` evil '' side . 
  that is , caliborn is evil not because of experience , but because of biology . 
  really ? 
  could you point me to some more of these ? 
  i 'd love to just read them . 
  i think the money would be managed so that it 's out of my actual hands . 
  that is , except if i suggest it with a sockpuppet in the first place , then i 'd have the donation account . 
  ... tempting , but no . 
  also , mods , if you read this , can i have a flair that says `` social engineer '' ? 
  there was one about `` what 's the worst fandom '' , of course we showed up somewhere down the line . 
   yeah , i grew up in a horrible corrupted ex-communist country just to spite you . 
  wait , which one ? 
  i happen to live in one !, 
  hungary !, 
  what 's yours ? 
  ( i would n't call mine necessarily `` horrible '' though ), 
  cool !, 
  i do n't know too much about you guys , actually . 
  what 's your country 's general opinion of the 1920 treaty of trianon ? 
  [ d --  ] ( / ct ), 
  his name is gary . 
  stop feeling good !, 
  wait , how did you achieve * that * ? 
  yeah , but this one sucks because , on average , it makes the codes twice as long . 
  of course every encoding is going to have weaknesses , but this one is especially shitty . 
  this belongs on circlebroke . 
  it 's really perfect material for it . 
  i 'm the only one in my landlocked country !, 
  i 'm the ... hmm . 
  so , my hungary address typically showed no one in the whole country , but for my us address , on the other hand , the person closest to me was ... 
  afrokid251 . 
  wow . 
  i consider you a celebrity here , so this is a big wow for me . 
  you 're still like 30 minutes away , though !, 
  for an all-1 string , you could `` compress '' it to a string that 's 1 longer than the max length . 
  no way . 
  those codes are real simple . 
  also , aradia was already dead . 
  like a ghost ? 
  wow . 
  ( her name is damara . ), 
  everyone on beforus wore some kind of eyewear . 
  there once was a gif of that . 
  where did it get off to ? 
  ironically , both 6 's and 9 's can be g 's . 
  also , the left column is the same as the right column . 
  how did they get the eyes ... ? 
  nothing other than the suggestion thread . 
  as far as i can tell it 's totally made-up . 
  could be . 
  or maybe her eyes are closed and that 's eyelid paint ? 
  ah , there we go , then !, 
  good one !, 
  that 's how it was confirmed .
