  i thought they post comments there from reddit . 
  if there 's evidence that it happened , why is it not believable ? 
  there is also http://qntm.org/structure . 
  i recommend it very much . 
  who says he has to name himself after an enzyme in particular ? 
  it looks like spina bifida . 
  aww man ... 
  i know computer lessons * exist * , just that very very few people ( probably less than 0.0001 % of computer users ) * get * them . 
  it might look to you like mental gymnastics , but it looks pretty simple to me : treating people like they are less than people , including comparing them to things that are less than people ( for example , in the current top post , a woman is compared to a video game ) is something they watch for and do not like . 
  i ca n't speak to whether there is usually a horns effect surrounding the person they quote , since this is only the third time i have ever visited their subreddit , and i do not like to dwell there long . 
  if there is , that is certainly to be condemned , but also expected ; they are but people , after all . 
  i also disagree with their voting on submitted comments , but i guess you ca n't really stop them if they really want to ; reddit is , after all , a democracy . 
  could n't you have segmented + rna genomes ? 
  wait till you try to find out the perimeter of an ellipse . 
  in my high school they taught physics before teaching calculus . 
  fortunately i had learned calculus for a while by then , but it was sort of exrcuciating to listen to all the same . 
  no , acceleration is n't velocity divided by time . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  i did it once , and then derived loc from the general case , since i was taught that i can derive formulas from general cases . 
  your method might have made you a better person , though , since you had to understand what you were doing every time you used it . 
  i remember deriving the 2d rotation matrix and feeling satisfied for understanding how it works , but now i can barely remember any intuition for it . 
  life goes on , i guess . 
  but would n't someone who was stood up at their date be less statistically likely to be a good romantic partner ? 
  i 'll bet there 's * some * correlation ... 
  * how long have i been out ? 
  * ( about six months it seems ; minecarts , yay ), 
  that does n't even apply here . 
  the person you replied to might have a different definition of `` wiccan '' than you . 
  nts only applies if their definition changes over time/has remarkably specific exceptions . 
  no good , they put watermarks on them , and also yell at you if they see you do it . 
  eh why not , have a downvote if it makes you happy . 
  but the bitches bitching about other bitches are also bitches , so he is also a bitch bitching about other bitches . 
  and also just a bitch . 
  we lead pretty detailed lives ... usually . 
  i learned it `` red touch yellow , kill a fellow ; red touch black , venom lack '' . 
  but ... even if you had n't seen his username , how would you know that he had n't gotten the joke ? 
  his phrasing was very humorous by itself , and it fit the joke anyway . 
  i noticed the username after the fact . 
  that 's strange . 
  without natural light , the human sleep cycle extends to 26 hrs iirc . 
  can any redditors here confirm based on empirical data ? 
  and hungary , and probably most of eastern europe at least . 
  what kinds of mistakes arise from being lonely ? 
  { happy stories } \u2243 { stories with happy endings }, 
  anyone could say that . 
  i thought of it too when i looked at the image . 
  ** feather **, 
  but great otherwise, 
  if you become a linguist , you will become a descriptivist ( by analogy with `` prescriptivist '' ) , and will become uninterested in adding new words to english . 
  not affordable , but have you seen das ? 
  oh i thought das sold ergonomic keyboards too . 
  i must have misremembered . 
  thank you for the link and correction . 
  neither of those scenarios are realistic . 
  sorry , i 'm too tired to explain why , but the short version is that for # 1 finding life on europa would n't drastically change our understanding of anything ( the odds of life being a thing elsewhere do not , for example , `` jump exponentially '' ) , and for # 2 , legislators do n't act independently of informed thought . 
  make a selection , right click it , and click `` feather selection ... '' . 
  just a few pixels of feathering make any cut/paste job look a million times better . 
  but how do you imagine a guy as cancer ? 
  cancer killed a plurality of my relatives and grandparents , but i 'm directly getting revenge on cancer . 
  i ca n't imagine imagining that a person with a face and limbs being a personification of cancer , even . 
  or maybe he was n't really paying attention to the guy in front of him , and instead was thinking of cancer as a thing that was currently existing somewhere else but existing all the same . 
  a fistula is a more general concept than that , though . 
  a fistula can be any hole between two spaces in an animal . 
  this is relatively common with drugs like that . 
  someday , when i have time , i will finish this list . 
  then they 'd nuke you . 
  special provisions . 
  because i have things to do that are equally as fun , and a whole lot more important . 
  it 's misogynistic for sure , but where did you get mormon from ? 
  ( note : i know very little about mormons . ), 
  just wondering , how can red blood cells be `` dead '' ? 
  they 're hardly alive in the first place , seeing as though they have no nucleus or anything . 
  i do n't really feel like they did virtual particles justice . 
  the fruit fly gene was hedgehog , and the human gene is sonic hedgehog . 
  or just `` men '', 
  have you been living inside a cave ? 
  realistically , it should be one of those pythagorean fractal trees , with every junction point a `` fail '' . 
  then we 're supposed to repeat to ourselves , `` everyone thinks approximately the same , everybody thinks approximately the same ... '', 
  a third of the comments are `` black people ca n't swim '' jokes . 
  i 've heard both in new jersey . 
  exactly this . 
  the most visible effect , sans potential , would be that every particle in the field would suddenly have no mass . 
  it 's actually a whole arm . 
  strained the shoulders , more like . 
  however , our prosthetics are * movable * . 
  they 're reduced . 
  i guess they 're specifically halved . 
  so are upvotes iirc . 
  which also made it vulnerable to the change-the-system-clock-to-2099-to-accumulate-interest trick . 
  i musta done it like twenty times . 
  if you ca n't access the image for some reason . 
  it happens often . 
  oh my god it 's finally happened : i get  0.95 of the references !, 
  hooray !, 
  ( although i initially confused the elebits for pikmin for some reason . 
  the title being written out was helpful . ), 
  although , they did go for the really popular ones , did n't they ? 
  could you please give me examples though ? 
  this sounds interesting . 
  to catch regular flies , i hang bags of water everywhere .
