  if you find it puzzling , then you should know that hungarians stereotype poles as very religious !, 
  ( and afaics it 's true . 
  jesus everywhere . ), 
  it does n't grab the scroll-wheel for me . 
  oh , sorry , i mean that if i use a scroll-wheel , it scrolls the page in addition to zooming in or out . 
  edited . 
  what ? 
  that sounds fun . 
  i agree about 11th hour ( have n't watched spearhead from space ) . 
  i suppose it 's partly because the doctor is awake and active from the get-go , in-character . 
  i 'm not a mathematician , but i do n't see why you ca n't just use a variable to represent the function , and find the integrand in terms of that variable . 
  to find ssinxd ( sinx ) , y = sinx , sydy = ( 1/2 ) \\* y ^ 2 + c = ( 1/2 ) \\* ( sinx ) ^ 2 + c, 
  this is going to go terribly long before 10000_10 . 
  ever since * the matrix * ... 
  i expected bbc to eventually gloss over it somehow . 
  and they did . 
  makes me wish i could read arabic . 
  lisp 's vocabulary is based on a bunch of arbitrary abbreviations of english ( like every other programming language , but lisp 's got many more built-in functions than a typical language ) ; it would be cool to see how they translate into arabic . 
  presumably the whole thing is someone 's dsl , anyway . 
  6 years of latin say `` boreales '', 
  try it with an octopus , they 're actually smart, 
  let 's test it empirically !, 
  geographically close languages tend to have similar phonologies even if they are in totally different language families . 
  example : hungarian has similar phonology to slavic languages , finnish and estonian have similar phonologies to nordic languages , and the ob-ugric languages have similar phonologies to russian . 
  i actually make use of those two things frequently when docking , so i guess docking mode is n't for me ( or my ships , anyway ) . 
  oh yeah , that second thing is a great idea !, 
  i do n't need to make many different subassemblies , and i can do the descriptions in hungarian . 
  thanks !, 
  do the people 's clothes disappear with them as well ? 
  anything made of rhodium , like certain rings , will last until it 's pushed into the mantle ( about 5b years ) . 
  this is why you use latex . 
  inserting figures into the document never messes it up . 
  nope , ever . 
  i do n't want to do that , because it 's not like i need this for very long ; i 'm only bringing my laptop for one or two more days ( i need to be careful about it not getting stolen ) . 
  thank you for the suggestion , but that would take too much time . 
  on the accented characters , though : iirc , it 's possible for ksp to display them , but they look like shit . 
  that 's not much of a problem , though . 
  +1 for this . 
  use it as well : extremely simple , relatively cheap , and very informative . 
  that 's not so bad, 
  because everyone 's been there and knows how big it is ? 
   the entirety of information known to man, 
  hell no . 
  have you ever actually tried to learn about something obscure through the internet ? 
  yes you can . 
  i 'm a protein engineer . 
  that 's literally what i do . 
  and then there 's tissue engineers , cellular engineers , prosthetic engineers who do sort of count ... arguably the oldest form of bioengineering is genetic engineering ; people have been selectively breeding things for millennia . 
  hamas is a city state , it ca n't even denounce anything, 
  not really , i do n't see it as enough of a state to be considered a whole civ, 
  dear god, 
   mars, 
  he was talking irl . 
  edit : please do n't downvote him , that 's stupid, 
  what exchange rate ? 
  you ca n't trade dollars for kerbal money or vice versa . 
  for the record , `` isten '' probably comes from the name of the father god in our former pagan religion, 
  [ if you have n't seen it already , take a look at the larger-scale color survey randall munroe did in 2010 . 
  ] ( http://blog.xkcd.com/2010/05/03/color-survey-results/ ), 
  ( technically , second world anarchists ), 
  potatoes !, 
  they can be good as a single ingredient , so that you just bake or boil them , but there 's endless other things to combine them with :, 
  - olive oil , salt , pepper , and paprika ( or , depending on the potato , some other spice ) for baked potatoes, 
  - milk , cheese , onions , and salt for mashed potatoes, 
  - eggs , flour , onions , and salt for potato cakes, 
  - salt , pepper , and some sort of condiment for fries, 
  potatoes !, 
  wow , this might be the worst comment section in qntm history , given the amount of vitriol . 
  the fact that the topic is so provocative is surprising . 
  i 'd never be able to write fiction to provoke argument ( other than for the fun of it ) ; if i care about an issue enough to make fiction about it , i have my own opinion about it , and i 'd make my work unilateral and unambiguous . 
  idea : make a unique flag for each grave-flag , that acts as a proper inscription . 
  maybe just a stylized version of each kerbal 's name . 
  nowadays everything is either steel or pig iron ; no pure iron to be found, 
  10/10 a\u030b is n't even a character we have, 
  or prefixes . 
  or you dislike spaces . 
  learn a slavic language !, 
  we share like 20 % of our vocabulary with them . 
  the other four 20 % s are latin , german , proto-ugric , and completely untraceable . 
  this comes from leoncavallo 's opera [ * pagliacci * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pagliacci ) , where the main character , canio , is a pagliaccio , i.e. 
  a clown . 
  he 's sad because his wife had an affair . 
  no , german strings entire words together . 
  we only do that for german loanwords . 
  we 've got actual prefixes and suffixes that do n't stand alone as whole words . 
  not all of them are prepositions !, 
  meg , for example, 
  completely different ? 
  like slavic languages , hungarian is synthetic , with many different cases . 
  it 's got the same moods and tenses , too ( although it 's missing a perfective aspect , which iirc most/all slavic languages have ? 
  ca n't check atm ) . 
  the only big difference is that hungarian is agglutinating where as slavic languages are generally isolating . 
  i write young adult fiction , it 's okay to hit them on the head with things because the stuff you 're exposing them to is probably novel for them anyway . 
  of course there is the odd misunderstanding , that 's unavoidable , but giving your work an obvious slant is n't hard . 
  yeah , but that does n't make it not similar . 
  ( we share vocabulary , though !, 
  at what point does a language stop being from a particular language family with lots of loanwords and become a creole ? 
  not hungarian , obviously , but it does happen ), 
  i never said it was , just that they 're similar, 
  are you sure it 's not a [ by-the-wind sailor ?
