  so , a pan-ainu state ? 
  was it ever real ? 
  edit : just saw wikipedia link . 
  cool !, 
  thanks , i realized i could get to the deviantart by clicking on your link . 
  wonderful !, 
  the more telling entry is `` k\u00f5rgus '' . 
  your attitude is terrible and condescending . 
  i was using a reddit copypasta , anyway . 
  spain , italy , greece , anyone not in europe e.g. 
  serbia or the us, 
  [ existential comics did it better ( i.e. 
  actually understandably ) ] ( http://existentialcomics.com/comic/35 ), 
  edit : my comic recommendation pissed people off enough to get over * 40 * downvotes , and even got one guy to go through my history and downvote everything . 
  i wish i knew what i did , because i could n't for the life of me intentionally repeat this accomplishment . 
  i 'm sorry you guys do n't like the comic , but i really do prefer it to the monty python , mostly because it has real philosophy jokes , and can usually teach you stuff about philosophers . 
  and i think the writer has earned enough cred to be allowed to do a mp homage . 
  i 'll admit , though , it 's not for everyone . 
  a cheap , * better * derivative . 
  do n't worry , the other comics are original . 
  well fuck i have no idea !, 
  i am just about sick of reddit and their complete lack of faith in everyone . 
  not sure if you guys have seen this yet . 
  it is a comic by [ mat brinkman . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mat_brinkman ) my personal interpretation is that skeleton jelly represents us , and our collective ignorance as a species . 
  reading the comic did feel kind of like reading the history of this or that people ( where things happen to the people and they ca n't do anything about it and they end up not remembering it later ) . 
  but of course there 's other ways to see it . 
  it seems to be jelly 's way of remembering things ? 
  but jelly ca n't remember much . 
  holy fuck i may have to put my great perm run on hold for this . 
  this is not the best change they could have made to the mechanic , but it is certainly the best change for me . 
  edit : i mean the culture mechanic, 
  single cells are different from single-celled organisms though . 
  if you take any cell out of your brain , it would die . 
  but as with any definition it 's fuzzy and arbitrary : if you take an amoeba out of a pond , it also dies . 
  ( unless you put it into someone 's brain , then it will be very happy . ), 
  the difference between our cells and single-celled organisms is that our cells are very closely dependent on each other to survive , and ca n't reproduce . 
  but the cells themselves do n't reproduce , which is why they 're less alive than real organisms . 
  if we burned every part of you to a crisp but your germ cells , your genes would still theoretically be able to propagate ( via artsem and stuff ) . 
  the brain cells are indirectly propagating their genes by guiding the germ cells ( which share their genes ) to a mate , but they 'll never have children of their own . 
  plus , due to mutations , the germ cells will have slightly different genes than your brain cells anyway . 
  an amoeba is a one-stop-shop amoeba factory . 
  brain cells need to play this convoluted role in the functioning of a much larger system before their genes get anywhere , and even then it 's not really `` theirs '' . 
  this version was buried somewhere deep in a thread in / r/badphilosophy . 
  ( not because it 's bad philosophy , of course . 
  you do n't get much of that on there , despite its name ; it 's more like a friendly / r/philosophycirclejerk . ), 
  but also , googling `` skeleton jelly '' will turn up an ancient reddit thread with the whole thing . 
  \\  mixing eu4 and vic2 terms, 
  there 's more ? 
  is it an austronesian language ? 
  the only problem i see with that conjecture is that it uses - s to pluralize . 
  then the consetting would be `` portugal colonizes the phlippines/malayndonesia '' . 
  probably indon because you know dutch . 
  my only problem is they 're kinda tacky . 
  \\  substrata, 
  and also native austro-asiatic languages n stuff, 
  peeeerm !, 
  i 'd say that that 's way too much added complexity for the little depth that it contributes , but then again they just revamped the region system . 
  it 's a terrible place to start , though . 
  in late cold war-era central europe , we started with c , which is not a terrible place to start , but it is a frustrating place to start . 
  nowadays i would advise people to start with python , or javascript if you 're into websites . 
  some people did leave , but it was over stuff like not being allowed to insult fat people . 
  ( alternatively : the snow glows white on the mountain tonight ... ), 
  ( alternatively , something actually in norwegian ), 
  fuck why ca n't i be original, 
  wow , that 's a pretty modern poland you have there . 
  i am a native english speaker and they still sound the same to me . 
  clearly , they 're actually the same thing and you 're completely correct . 
  i love the first comment . 
  because * english * is a `` fluid language '' . 
  as opposed to , say , sanskrit , which is eternal and unchanging . 
  i know you 're joking , but it appears to be japanese, 
  in * independence day * , at least they were pivotal in stopping the disaster, 
  and what 's that thing made up of pozsony and croatia ? 
  edit : ah , occupied italy, 
  no i get it . 
  now that we 've got the information revolution , we should start compiling this stuff, 
  when your argument can be reduced to a tautology , then it is probably fallacious . 
  it ca n't be invalid , but usually the starting assumptions are wrong in the first place , hence the bad ( unsound ) argument . 
  is n't it capped at -95 % though ? 
  or am i thinking of maintenance ? 
  i remember that . 
  i 'm still sad about how hired troops and ships get erased now after releasing something as a vassal . 
  all that money , down the drain ... 
  well , sure you have n't made any useful conclusions , but in practice , arguments go backwards ( people start with a conclusion and try to rationalize it ) , and if their conclusion is wrong , the only kinds of arguments they 'll be able to find for it are circular ones . 
  and `` es '', 
  but more pops is more unhappiness . 
  at some point it 's just not sustainable . 
  ecclesiastical languages can still change !, 
  in fact , phonologically they 're subject to a lot of change , because they 're pronounced however the first languages of the people who are speaking it are pronounced , which varies greatly . 
  grammatically , though , yeah they 're pretty much the same forever and ever amen . 
  i wonder if english will survive as an ecclesiastical language . 
  or as an internet language , maybe . 
  too late i 've already incorporated your comment into a buddhist ceremony , now it will survive for time beyond time, 
  there is n't any such thing as convergent evolution for languages , but there * is * such a thing as widespread areal features -- such as agglutinativity for most asian languages outside of china and indochina . 
  ( i speak hungarian and learn tagalog . 
  easy , because both are agglutinative . 
  finnish is more phonologically similar though . 
  typologically however i 'd have to hand the prize to hungarian , partly because we have a zero copula and obligatory articles like in tagalog and unlike in finnish . ), 
  well , there * is * the uralo-dravidian hypothesis .
