  and '' [ s ] wake . 
  '' , but actually closing a whole character arc is another deal and is another level of difficult compared to a couple character-centric plot points . 
  apparently he will deal with this in the epilogue , which is fine by me , although i thought act 7 was supposed to be the epilogue . 
  - ** telling us what happens after all the telegraphed plot points are resolved ( `` extra plot shit '' ) : ** hussie wanted to leave this ending fairly open , apparently . 
  so this is out . 
  maybe having just one linear flash was simply the wrong choice for act 7 . 
  this is the one plot-related thing i 'm not mad about in the flash . 
  homestuck was rarely ever about romance . 
  the only time romantic stuff was ever actually relevant was the gamzee/terezi thing ; the rest was just extra character stuff . 
  dave/jade and dave/kat were barely teased in the comic . 
  it 's not even in the list of the top 50 most important plot threads in homestuck . 
  ship stuff is one of the few things that did n't necessarily need or deserve resolution . 
  it 's just hard for me to imagine op not introducing it as the cell sorter . 
  `` oh yeah , i work with something called a facs machine . 
  it sorts cells . '', 
  `` it 's an acronym for ` fluorescence-activated cell sorting ' . '', 
  i thought ... you know ... '', 
  `` yeah , that 's spelled differently . '', 
  i have the opposite problem ; due to some clever renaming , nobody realizes that the `` mr '' in my `` nmr spectrometer '' is the same `` mr '' as the one in `` mri '' . 
  wait , but if jake is n't a7 jake , then which jake is he ? 
  i was under the impression that john warped them to caliborn post a7 . 
  is n't it simpler to assume that they 're just our kids ? 
  what 's the flaw in that ? 
  i 'll admit , this other-timeline business is pretty in line with davepetasprite 's monologue on one 's `` ultimate self '' . 
   unless we break einstein 's laws space exploration will be multi generational adventures . 
  ... or we extend the human lifespan . 
  or travel faster ( considering special relativity ) . 
  on the other hand , $ 60 is probably lowballing it . 
  same age , but with a laptop . 
  we 're really good at this huh, 
  huh , the perhaps more interesting thing in that article is that their left lung became vestigial and they just have one big tube . 
  except vriska was explored as a character far more than azula was , and zuko was explored as a character far more than tavros was !, 
  not to say azula and tavros were completely flat . 
  i will eat an entire dick if the epilogue has no dialogue . 
  i very much mean it . 
  i really hope , for all our sakes , that i wo n't have to follow through . 
  tbf , if you go off to the side , you 're likely to get hit by a tank . 
  does n't help that it 's on something called `` eupedia '' . 
  :p does n't sound nationalist at all , nope !, 
  that said , i 'm glad you found it interesting . 
  genetic anthropology is fascinating . 
  the most interesting conclusion i 've come to from it is that while migrations always impact the genetic makeup of a population * somewhat , * over large populations , the invaders will only ever become ancestors to a minority of the future population . 
  also , borders totally do n't stop people from fucking apparently . 
  i mean , that 's every organism . 
  some of them are just more complicated . 
  but i see what you 're getting at . 
  it probably does n't know much about the outside world , and probably ca n't do much to interpret its senses . 
  wow , did n't know that . 
  til, 
  the black is n't the point of it , it 's the thick cotton that provides insulation . 
  there are , there 's at least 5 vowel phones, 
  what the hell is english 's vowel system ? 
  i wonder if there 's any places named after religions , with the name now being more recognizable as the place rather than the religion . 
  ( santa cruz sort of qualifies , not that it 's a religion per se ), 
  sounds similar to the formosan languages . 
  look at [ thao ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thao_language ) for example . 
  ( most formosan languages have retroflex d as the isolated phoneme , though , not / q / ), 
  nah , there 's still claimants to livonian heritage and livonian speakerness . 
  see the main vocalist of [ tu\u013c\u013ci lum ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu%c4%bc%c4%bci_lum ) , for example . 
  she is [ still alive . 
  the thing to know about austroasiatic languages is that they have many vowels ( similar to uralic or germanic languages ) and they have some some sort of vowel phonation contrast ( e.g. 
  clear vs breathy vs creaky ) . 
  in vietnamese , the phonation contrast mutated into a tonal contrast thanks to influence from the sinitic languages , but they kept the many vowels . 
  thus , half of the diacritics are used to specify the kind of vowel ( u vs \u01b0 , o vs \u00f4 vs \u01a1 , a vs \u00e2 vs \u01ce ) , and the other half are used to specify the tones ( a vs \u00e1 vs \u00e0 vs \u00e3 vs \u1ea3 vs \u1ea1 ) . 
  hence , huge confusion . 
  hey , heritage languages are first languages !, 
  but yeah , the speaking community is totally destroyed . 
  [ sa'och , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sa%27och_language ) for example , differentiates between clear , breathy , creaky , and breathy-creaky . 
  it 's on the more complex side of phonation contrast in austroasiatic languages , though . 
  based on hiragana , looks like ? 
  i ca n't tell you how many times reddit has immediately , baselessly assumed that i am a moron . 
  it 's not even always a jokey or sarcastic comment , a lot of the time they 'll just interpret the post in the most boneheaded possible way because they have no faith in others whatsoever . 
  i 'll always assume good faith on these kinds of comments . 
  there 's not enough of it on reddit . 
  what makes it scary is the pressure and darkness . 
  otherwise 11km is n't that much ; literally every other kind of vehicle can be used to go much further than that . 
  hell , i dunno , i mostly work with uralic languages , and it 's not even my job . 
  the pearic family is apparently known for four-way phonation contrasts , though , and i imagine it 's at least difficult to get the number of contrasts wrong . 
  if you spend enough time around conservative muslims , you 'll realize they say it all the time , and your ability to predict when there 's a suicide bombing about to happen will atrophy, 
  most of the philippines speaks languages from the philippine language family , often mixed with english , but there * is * a widely-spoken spanish creole in mindanao called [ chavacano . 
  i once beat smb1 on one of these systems . 
  i could n't believe it . 
  it was a really long flight from newark to singapore ( with a layover in between , do n't remember where ) . 
  the person sitting next to me was a chinese ( or , less likely , malay ) guy in his 20s or 30s who did n't speak a word throughout the flight . 
  when i booted up smb , he started watching . 
  i got to world 8 pretty quick via pipes , but those hammer bros levels in it were devilishly tricky , especially with what i then suspected and now got confirmed were bad controls . 
  my seatmate watched me for maybe 10-15 lives in world 8 , but after i died for the umpteenth time to a hammer bro , he gave up on me and started paying attention to something else . 
  that felt kinda terrible , but i perfectly understood the reaction and knew it was n't something i should be upset about . 
  joke 's on him , though , because i ended up beating the game . 
  bpa is a known estrogen mimicker , alongside several other hazardous chemicals that leach into americans ' diets , mostly through plastic containers and the water supply . 
  there is no chance that endocrine disruptors are n't partially responsible for this trend . 
  there 's regional variation in water supply quality , sure , but it 's a real phenomenon . 
  which is why i went and learned tagalog . 
  oblique cases for everyone !, 
  ah , so my life is n't interesting enough for yet another person ? 
  you see , the true genius of my story is that you are actually identifying with my seatmate , who ... 
  ( yeah it 's not particularly interesting is it ? 
  i originally just wrote that i beat smb on that system once , and i got downvoted , so i figured i should give more context . 
  but any longish comment about a story looks like it 's supposed to be interesting , so here we are . ), 
  ( also , you 've just summed up the current mood in / r/homestuck . ),
