  it 's a shame they do n't screen for mental disabilities at birth , you sociopath . 
  i saw how you treated those kids with down syndrome . 
  edit : god , i was paraphrasing the post in a way that juxtaposed one opinion of the attacker with another contrary one , not actually expressing my opinion . 
  i figured it would be obvious , so i did n't need quotes . 
  i have n't played either . 
  what makes it a good game ? 
  too subtle . 
  believe it or not , your opinion is commonly held . 
  what 's wrong with scheme anyway ? 
  sure it 's a small language , but so is c. i use it most of the time for my day-to-day needs , because it 's easy to keep the whole thing in my head . 
  if i want something more complicated , i use clojure or python . 
  i do n't see where the flak comes from . 
  with what , stairs ? 
  the brightest known quasar is about 2.3 gigalightyears from us . 
  i do n't understand . 
  the one person i decide to ask about it , and they 're joking . 
  aargh curiosity is terrible . 
  i dunno , i believe them . 
  read * godel , escher , bach * by douglas hofstadter . 
  you know , he does n't * look * half bad . 
  well , then what should he link to ? 
  and maybe you should cool it on the res slightly ? 
  me looking at these comments : `` i hate how everyone is making stupid , off-topic jokes about the one that reads ` baby ' . 
  obviously it means that it 's * for * babies . 
  i have n't seen a single on-topic comment about the ` pizza ' bag . '', 
  i do n't think this has any bearing on my intelligence , but boy , did i miss that one . 
  that 's what i thought this post was about . 
   came to comments to look for an explanation, 
   top comment is an explanation, 
  i 'm so happy that , for once , things turned out perfectly . 
  how exactly do you post this to imgur ? 
  take a lot of screencaps of the tumblr post an stitch them together ? 
  `` aids '', 
  we really have to do this * every time ? 
  but even the adults have those beliefs for reasons that are n't inherent stupidity/evil . 
  how could you ever execute anyone , especially those guys ? 
  it would be much better to try to reason with them , even if it 's the most difficuly reasoning with that anyone 's ever done . 
  i swear that i know what clinton looks like . 
  somehow i just did n't recognize him . 
  this subreddit is for biologists to chill out . 
  biologists spend all of their time discussing biology , so they wo n't discuss it in depth while they chill out . 
  if you are also a biologist , you can come here to get advice on some stuff . 
  you , you 're so enlightened !, 
  a white guy lands in a strange new world , and gets acquainted with the natives , falling in love with one of their women . 
  pathogen, 
  homestuck ( not a movie , but who cares ), 
  i ca n't evaluate your sincerity over the internet . 
  do you really mean it ? 
  ^ ( if so may i have your mod position ? ), 
  i , too , have been to a production of * inherit the wind * . 
  duh , it 's for aliens . 
  it 's like shadowing a professional , except in a game , and you learn from their failures instead of their successes . 
  how does a player 's strategy evolve as they gain experience playing the game ( besides motor skills things like better aim ) ? 
  does anyone know why / r/bionicle is private ? 
  it really confuses me . 
  why would a bunch of college professors * incidentally * possess the secret to immortality and raising the dead ? 
  discovering the secret to immortality and raising the dead is the entire reason i 'm getting a phd in the first place . 
  completely original, 
  at least the pic is oc . 
  [ it 's one of the most common jokes in hs . 
  ] ( http://www.google.com/search?q=karcat ), 
  or few friends remotely relatable to , and this guy happens to be one of them . 
  tesco is evil ? 
  news to me . 
  ( hungarian ), 
  i have a vegetable drawer . 
  so do probably a lot of my friends . 
  where else would you put all the vegetables ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  this is stupid . 
  only if the posted was already selected , and who does that ? 
  ( mario kart actually brings in a couple significant innovations with it every time , though . 
  can the same be said for the sports games ? 
  ( i dunno , maybe ? ) ), 
  terrible , terrible word-for-word translation . 
  ( does latin even have a middle voice/fourth person ? 
  if it does and it 's done using `` unus '' , i 'll shut up . ), 
  one thing to call sentences constructed with `` one '' is `` fourth person '' , like in finnish . 
  i believe so , yeah . 
  her ? 
  this applies to everyone ever . 
  also , the nazis win wwii . 
  ( but seriously this is hilarious ), 
  this is such an original and non-obvious thought , i think i just peed in my pants a little . 
  * yes it would be great , * now why are you telling * us ? 
  * every single person who read that headline had that as their first thought , probably even the middle schoolers . 
  go try and solve the problem yourself instead , or go and make a legitimate argument for not killing other people in a place where people * do * want to kill other people . 
  you 're wasting your time here . 
  what did they need a gui for ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i could n't arbitrarily get someone fired . 
  how did you do it ? 
  oh man , if i ever succeed at my life goals , i want to go to space so badly afterwards . 
  i want to spend months at a time in null gravity , and get used to it . 
  i 'd love that . 
  then i 'd become a psychologist . 
  i hope to god this is oc ? 
  `` also i 'm 15 in 10th grade . '', 
  you 're missing the dutch city bikes . 
  i 'd say ... some sort of pickup truck ? 
  you must worship some sort of phony god .
