  i have no idea . 
  primarily regressional analysis for pretty much everything , and almost always linear regression at that . 
  and i 'll always forget the formula , too , so i 'll have to derive the whole thing by hand again . 
  i have this little notebook that i do calculations in , but i tear out the top pages because it 's a shitty kind of notebook that is impossible to use unless you do that . 
  i 've considered writing a bunch of formulas on the back page and hey i should do that sometime , too bad i left it at home . 
  besides that , i do optimization problems often . 
  and i 've calculated the volume of a rotational solid once or twice . 
  besides the notebook , i carry around this cheap ruler/compass/thermometer combo by swiss army . 
  an example of the whole thing is this one sort of embarrassing situation that i had when i was at a cheap coffeehouse and wanted to determine whether i would be able to go to the bathroom before my tea had cooled too much , but it turns out that even on the short term the rate of change in the temperature of tea is n't * linear * , it 's probably something like ke ^ (-x) . 
  i feel like i 'm the only person here who 's taken a proper chemistry course ( or its equivalent ) . 
  i mean , that 's definitely not actually true , but whenever something like this is posted , i do a tiny groan and lament the state of contemporary education a bit . 
  it 's not anyone 's fault , but still . 
  hair ? 
  have you ever seen flamingos ? 
  they 're like those tripod aliens . 
  but that 's still not even acceptable . 
  i mean , what do these people * do * growing up ? 
  i got my first real chemistry textbook when i was 7 ; my father bequeathed his high school learning material upon me on my birthday . 
  i had read somewhere between 2/5 and 2/3 of it by the time i was 8 , and i read the rest of it when i was somewhere around 12 . 
  i know that 's not typical , but i ca n't believe that anyone can just * reach * the age of whatever is the minimum age in this subreddit ( probably 13 or something ) without picking up some of it . 
  i think even globally education is pitifully slow ( although i have n't actually visited south korea , i 've been read accounts of their education ) , and i think that lots of things just should n't be * news * at certain ages . 
  the reactivity of krypton and xenon falls under that for the population of / r/homestuck . 
  these standards sound `` high '' , and they are high compared to what currently exists today , but i really do n't think it 's asking much , considering that it 's in everyone 's best interest . 
  knowledge makes you * powerful * , and it 's our duty to make the succeeding generation as powerful as possible . 
  that includes teaching introductory chemistry ( as early as possible , to lay the foundation for more complex parts of chemistry ) , which includes an intimate knowledge of the different elements and their behavior . 
  i think that it 's a problem with it not having been made clear to those people that learning and thinking rationally , scientific method-wise , baconian-wise , is the most fundamentally important thing that they are able to do . 
  this comes down not to just absorbing large amounts of information , but also to learning the importance of experimentally determining things about things , and doing it * properly * , so that your beliefs genuinely reflect reality . 
  when you know reality , you can make it do what you want . 
  combined with a large base of knowledge of the world in various areas accumulated in youth , this should make anyone * unstoppable * . 
  i do n't think anyone does n't want that . 
  i 'm sad that i did n't receive the education that i retroactively want when i was young . 
  if you ask someone , `` do you want to be able to achieve your goals optimally ? 
  '' , and they say `` no . 
  '' , * then * they are allowed to step outside the curriculum . 
  or if they want to pursue some sort of goal that would need a large time-investment in their youth , like playing an instrument on a globally competitive level , then they are also excused . 
  but there is no other way that rationalism and a large amount of accompanying knowledge is not the best thing to pick up in one 's youth . 
  i know . 
  the article said so . 
  but also several chemistry textbooks . 
  no , the textbooks say , `` noble gases hardly ever react , except for a few exceptions . '', 
  really good textbooks will even mention krypton difluoride , or xenon difluoride . 
  failing that , in the day and age of wikipedia , it can be looked up there , or if you own the * crc handbook of chemistry and physics * then on page 9-64 ( 89th ed . ), 
  it will tell you the bond dissociation energy of all of the bonds that exist . 
  they are all single digits , but they are there . 
  edit : actually , krypton-lithium bonds have a dissociation energy of 12.1 kj/mol . 
  that 's not bad !, 
  and fluorine-krypton bonds are valued at 6.6 kj/mol , and fluorine-xenon bonds at 14.18 kj/mol . 
  i know how to do this !, 
  and also get two different decks of french cards , and make the first deck four resources ( usually spades is wood , clubs is clay , heart is sheep , and diamonds is ore ) , and one of the suits of the second deck will be the remaining missing resource ( we used to use diamonds for wheat ) , and the other three suits will be development cards ( number cards are +1 / 2 victory point ( to avoid easy victory ) , jacks are knights , queens are harvest cards , kings are road-building cards , and aces are monopoly cards ) . 
  it 's caliborn who 's the most important character in homestuck . 
  do n't worry , there 's been more people that called it . 
  ( like me !, 
  hooray !, 
  but i did n't make the prediction myself , i let my expectations be decided by a tumblr post that was put up here , which , upon careful scrutiny , i decided to believe . ), 
  the funny thing is `` six months '' is n't even all that impressive considering the hiatus ... but still , [ ] \\ ( / sweetcatch ) . 
  you deserve it . 
  [ but this has been posted here before , with twelve other poems ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/p8qpt/troll_valentines/ ) but the link 's broken , so goddammit . 
  well , caliborn was there , watching , when it said , `` the most important character in homestuck ... watches ... '' . 
  we 've assumed it was lil cal , but that does n't make sense . 
  lil cal is not a character , it 's a goddamned puppet . 
  however , we now know for sure that lil cal contained caliborn 's '' [ hideous soul ] ( / le ) '' , with lil cal 's eyes being windows to it . 
  so the obvious conclusion is that it 's caliborn . 
  lol . 
  sorry , i thought it was obvious . 
  that was where my mind immediately went after it was confirmed . 
  i went to make a post about it in the discussion thread , but i came too late and it got buried . 
  then i thought , `` well , it sort of deserves its own post anyway , '' but i could n't really find anything to say about it , since i thought that , given today 's update , the connection would be clear ( since the status of `` the most important character in homestuck '' in your mind would have previously been occupied by lil cal , and if i suggested that you replace that with caliborn , then you 'd look for a connection between lil cal and caliborn , and you 'd realize that my suggestion made sense because it 's turned out that lil cal contains caliborn ; i came to the conclusion myself by looking for significant places where lil cal is in my memory , and replacing lil cal with caliborn ; i 'll update my beliefs more completely later ) . 
  i 'll edit the post later , right now i have things to do . 
  i keep reading `` ngogn '' as `` nlogn '' . 
  / r/iwantout, 
  did the counselor have a written-down curriculum and lesson plans and everything ? 
  what did you call him ; were there honorifics involved , or was it a first-name basis ? 
  let me just link to the wikipedia article on the `` everybody is entitled to their own opinion '' fallacy . 
  or not !, 
  this is a `` starbucks is everywhere '' joke , right ? 
  i can use adderall to reduce the amount of sleep that i need to about 3 hr/day ( consistently ) . 
  i 'll bet there are people that can do it without adderall . 
  well , yes . 
  it does n't work 100 % of the time , but diplomats use it , and it 's taught in non-english schools as a second language almost everywhere . 
  this is what i get for not playing for a year . 
  well , try to think of a `` sticky '' version of any existing block . 
  how would that be different from how they already work ? 
  ignore the player and mobs for now ; how would that block `` stick '' to other blocks in ways that would n't already be available with a non-sticky block ? 
  see , now this is why i play adventure maps . 
  this makes my water-based surface mob trap from alpha look so ... inept . 
  well , `` sticky '' is usually used to refer to things that slow down or other things that stop other things when they come into physical contact with it . 
  the person who originally made the comment about the `` sticky '' block was going to propose a block that can be described as `` sticky '' , but realized that it would be meaningless to make a block that slows down or stops other blocks that are in contact with it , because the blocks do n't move anyway . 
  was that a trace , or did you just use the picture as reference ? 
  unless you have a source , this is a myth . 
  well , reddit in general likes laughing at/chastising children . 
  but still , if he 's so smart , then why ... is n't he actually smart ? 
  i mean , i feel incredible amounts of secondhand embarrassment from him , and i 'm only a few years older . 
  it 's not just laughing at a kid , it 's laughing at a * dumb * kid . 
  i 'm not going to try to justify it , because it 's still wrong . 
  but surely you understand ? 
  i will download this and camp out in anatolia . 
  or put it on a server and make everyone initially spawn in the places of one of the four river valley civilizations ( latecomers will be added to the americas ) . 
  i heard that tumblr is a bit of a time-sink . 
  i do n't want to participate in any more of that . 
  i can manage reddit pretty well .
