  hungarians and finns come from western siberia , which is why many finns look kinda asian . 
  it 's like howtobasic, 
  new york also borders vermont :(, 
  technically they do originate from asia , but wtf does `` three races '' have to do with this ? 
  honestly a `` carpathian '' culture group makes the most sense , or perhaps a west carpathian ( slovak , magyar ) and east carpathian ( szekler , romanian ) . 
  you ever see foreigners making hungarian food ? 
  do you live in austria or something ? 
  ( on another note , the guly\u00e1s recipe i learned as a kid involves saute\u00e9ing the onions for a fair bit without paprika . 
  in fact the paprika does n't come in until halfway through when you add an entire tube of piros arany ... ), 
  overtone, 
  huh , i 'll have to visit sometime . 
  the location of every single uralic-speaking community needs to be documented !, 
  latex is n't actually that widespread outside academia . 
  you 're more likely to find something proprietary, 
  game of thrones, 
  it 's alright , you 've finally returned home after 16,000 years !, 
  but they ca n't, 
  holy crap , i 've never seen anyone make it more clear that they 're south of the don-dawn line, 
  gravity is when heavy things pull you towards them ( we do n't really know how this happens ) . 
  our gravity comes from the earth , which is very heavy . 
  the further away you get from the heavy things , the less strongly they pull you towards them . 
  in a very , very , * very * tall skyscraper ( that is almost impossible to build ) , you can be far enough away from the earth that there is almost no pull . 
  when there 's almost no pull , if you jump up , you 'll only come back down very slowly , kind of like a feather . 
  but it 's not exactly like a feather , because when you come down , you get faster and faster even if there 's only a little pull , but when a feather comes down , it keeps going at the same speed , because the air stops it from getting faster . 
  if you jumped off of the edge of the building , you 'd keep getting faster , both because that 's how the pull of gravity works , and also because you 'd be getting closer to the earth . 
  so , when you hit the ground , it would hurt a lot . 
  but if you just jumped up and down on the top floor , then the floor would keep you from getting too fast , or getting too close to the earth . 
  so you 'd just float down really slowly until you hit the floor . 
   the latin noun malus can mean either `` apple '' or `` evil , '' which is probably why the `` tree of knowledge of good and evil '' in the garden of eden is often depicted as an apple tree , even though the biblical book of genesis does not say what sort of fruit tree it is . 
  jesus christ do i severely doubt this . 
  is n't it simpler to assume that an apple is just artists ' `` default '' concept of a fruit ? 
  yup , the central asians tend to name all of their cities after weird shit . 
  kazan/qazan is another example ; it is named `` heater '' or `` cauldron '' . 
  per wikipedia :, 
   one legend claims that the city was named after the river kazanka , which was named after the son of a bulgar governor dropped a copper cauldron into it . 
  other local legends , including research by the tatar scholar shigabetdin marjani , claim that the city was named for the resemblance of the hill on which it sits to an upturned cauldron . 
  the epidemic extends to turkey , too , although their shtick is that all their city names are random greek phrases taken from the local greeks . 
  '' \u0130stanbul '' is from `` eis tin polin '' , meaning `` to the city '' , and `` ankara '' means `` anchor '' . 
  honestly `` almaty '' is the most sane one , since it is at least approximately where apples are from . 
  nowadays yes . 
  back then it was still short for ( v ) ladislaus . 
  was n't this one interrupted at some point recently ? 
  it 's ambiguous , but either way , it 's kenm, 
  but i thought wild apples were very inedible, 
  had to scroll down way too far to find this, 
  where 's your parents ? 
  ( which is inconsistent with some other physics . 
  and we still usually posit a graviton , which has n't yet been observed and is extra super inconsistent with other physics . 
  i 'd say we do n't fully understand gravity ), 
  there 's several species and they 're all freakin ' amazing . 
  it 's super impressive that they 're surviving . 
  the people must know !, 
  how is that relevant ? 
  the art in question was done by western european artists , who had no clue where apples were from . 
  if someone asked * you * to draw a fruit , what would you draw ? 
  it 's actually out now, 
  there 's a reason some of us do n't visit this sub anymore . 
  linguistics is a really depressing field for so many reasons, 
  seriously the description fits him perfectly, 
  then they slowly become clich\u00e9d and outplayed again . 
  if i have to listen to one more kundiman , i swear to god ... 
  i mean , a spoon and fork makes sense . 
  you use the spoon to cap the end of the fork while you 're twirling the fork to reel in more spaghetti . 
  but a knife ? 
  it 's called `` concern trolling '' now, 
  looks like elisp in particular, 
  second from left ? 
  it comes up eventually, 
  nvm , i thought some of the variable names were emacs-related . 
  ` setq ` is n't common outside of elisp though , if nothing else because it was superceded by ` setf ` . 
  it 's pretty funny how we keep using flavor words for this . 
  `` salt '' and `` bitterness '' in english , `` sauer '' in german , `` m\u00e9rges '' ( `` venomous '' ) in hungarian ... 
  it 's a phrase that implies that you 're trying to pick up women, 
  it 's also not very much a country, 
  were you designing a hex-and-counter map ? 
  really bad taffy, 
  whoa , how did you get a doctorate that fast without even having graduated high school ? 
  ged + 3/4 year bachelor program + 5/6 year doctorate ? 
  rock on , dude !, 
  or let 's just never read medium blogs , that also solves the problem, 
  the subscriber loss might have been the ellen pao scandad ? 
  the people on horses who invaded north india a few thousand years ago who gave them the indo-aryan languages were called the aryans . 
  this is not up for debate, 
  one has kebap , the other has \u0107evapi . 
  both sunni , both important parts of the ottoman empire . 
  same difference, 
  yo dawg , i herd you like conjugations , so i put some conjugations in your conjugations so you can conjugate while you conjugate . 
  seriously though the uralic languages send their regards . 
  i think it 's because toy story was n't a disney movie ( although disney does own pixar now ), 
  finnish conjugation tables beg to differ . 
  ( although certain languages of the caucasus might have been a better example , considering the polysynthetic agreement ), 
  so acetone and delicious delicious fats ? 
  first on-panel confirmation that isaac not only lives anime but watches it as well ? 
  also , i love the fun this pokes at the anachrony of the phones in the comic due to how long it 's run, 
  it 's a certainty that if he had n't explained it , some well-meaning knob would have corrected him, 
  wait , are you talking about kashmir ? 
  kashmir does n't count . 
  ( for the love of god before somebody posts about arunachal pradesh or some shit , i 'm making a joke ), 
  edit : beaten to the punch, 
  hallo am alien gib art pls .
