  yeah , but this is by far one of the odder ways of loaning things i 've seen . 
  you 're allowed to call it stupid if you 're joking . 
  i think that might just be because spanish softens `` g '' at the beginning of a word now . 
  i 'm pretty sure columbian-era conquistadors did n't have `` hwa '' in their language , but did have `` gwa '' . 
  unfortunately as perm it makes me sad . 
  watch in horror as spain fully annexes your overlord , making them your new overlord, 
  except for owning the kra isthmus ( ligor and kedah ) , which is n't in the malaccan region . 
  what did ayutthaya do to deserve this ? 
  hmm , maybe they 're planning to do something smarter with it, 
  and the candle dude cutting vegetables or something, 
  the campfire , heart container , and star bottle , along with the armor , are n't needed . 
  i genuinely did n't expect this to work as well as it did . 
  just make a rope climbing very high into the sky , put a solid cup at the top as in the picture , and put two more solid blocks some 15 blocks below it , around the rope , leaving a 1-block buffer between each solid block and the rope so that you can climb up and so that the nimbus rod rain can pierce . 
  if that was n't clear , here 's a diagram :, 
  then just put two clouds at your feet , and sit back , and relax . 
  bring something to defend against the wandering eyes though . 
  it should be on the wiki , really . 
  i 'll say , the pc version is a lot harder than the mobile version , almost entirely because of the inability to use items while moving ( except auto ones of course ) . 
  it took me a while to figure out , but weapon uses do n't work if you 're moving ( or if you 've moved in the past half second or so ) , unless it 's an auto weapon you started using before you started moving . 
  it 's an annoying contrast between the mobile version , where almost everything is auto and always usable , but i admit it does do interesting things to game balance , e.g. 
  i have to put mental effort into figuring out how to beat bosses and events , whereas on mobile i 'd just run around with a high-damage weapon dodging everything . 
  it 's kind of bizarre but i think i prefer it to the mobile mechanics , except for construction cause that 's bullshit . 
  a thing i unilaterally dislike about pc vs mobile mechanics though is that on mobile it 's possible to easily auto-dig a 3-block-wide hole if you 're positioned right , but on pc it 's either 2 blocks or hulk smash . 
  they should really import the mobile auto-dig/auto-place mechanics , since they 're way more versatile . 
  russia is using the wrong name , it should be `` perm '' or `` kazan '' or something . 
  also , why is libya green ? 
  what does it correspond to ? 
  i know tunisia = tunis and algeria = tlemcen/algiers , but wtf is a libya anyway ? 
  but nobody knows that, 
  i looked it up . 
  apparently it 's a windows 8 thing . 
  yeah , but a fresh install of windows 8 has a `` feature '' that makes sure you do n't accidentally use the mouse while typing . 
  i turned it off and now i can use my mouse and keyboard at the same time , thanks !, 
  this is amazing !, 
  tripoli is tunisia , but also i 'm pretty sure it 's not in the game anymore ( or maybe it 's only got cores ? 
  that 's what i mean , in smart cursor mode i ca n't dig a three-block-wide hole downwards . 
  i can do two blocks , but i have to move my cursor at least 45 deg clockwise before it starts mining a third block , even if i 'm standing on top of said third block . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  tripoli is also tunisia ; for one , it 's the capital , after all . 
  as far as i know the libyan region is owned by the mamlukes at the start . 
  well , fwiw it made things pretty interesting . 
  shit man a pb comic had an inaccuracy ? 
  how embarrassing, 
  oh , wow , it 's the capital of libya . 
  huh . 
  no way it was cool . 
  being able to do these simultaneously feels like cheating now ( but i ca n't stop !, 
  maybe , but you ca n't create intercal in 10 minutes . 
  you know how reddit can be summed up by `` that 's bullshit ; you 're oversimplifying to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the conversation '' ? 
  intercal can be summed up with your comment, 
  meh , the games suck at simulating history . 
  half the reason they even vaguely resemble our history is flavor events and railroad-y tech mechanics . 
  laptop yes . 
  i read that , but it does n't tell you that there needs to be a platform of solid blocks in a protective shape at the top , nor does it tell you that if you place the nimbuses at your feet , it will go through the blocks and wreck all the probes ( without you having to `` fight them off '' ) . 
  it describes a somewhat more primitive technique whose conclusion , along that line of thinking , is this post . 
  - eow : really easy , just used a blue moon nonstop, 
  - eoc : built enclosed chamber , water bolt-ed it to death, 
  - skeletron : used enclosed chamber in dungeon , water bolt-ed it to death, 
  - wof : water bolt , water walking potions , boots . 
  the wof moves slowly and wb auto-fires , so it 's possible to periodically hop from place to place, 
  - destroyer : as above, 
  - twins : i was currently working out a strategy with the megashark , but it did n't seem to kill them in time, 
  needless to say all of these were done with fantastic armor , except the eow which is easy as hell, 
  i do n't have the patience for expert mode . 
  modern sardinian is a romance language . 
  its substratum , however , is the ancient sardinian language considered in the above post , which is called paleo-sardinian . 
  paleo-sadinian was , naturally , non-indo-european , and not related to any known language . 
  edit : bertoldi and terracini can only reconstruct a couple suffixes , so it surely was n't a very influential substratum for modern sardinian . 
  do n't wan na think about it , that would be a horrible timeline indeed :( but for the record , similar raids to the mongol raids were conducted across most of europe anyway , e.g. 
  the magyar raids , and that did n't have much impact . 
  it might be different though if the ruling class of the states were affected too . 
  what is the ph version of amazon ? 
  no , they 're very similar . 
  agglutinative and cases , with not-so-free word order , like persian too . 
  they did n't have the same sound changes , but you ca n't have everything . 
  as a non-ie speaker , i ca n't tell you how bored i am of you ie speakers and your `` diversity '' . 
  it 's the same fucking thing all over again , for every language !, 
  - singular and plural , never dual, 
  - gender distinction or something, 
  - cases , but not too many, 
  - suffixal everything , except for prepositions which are at the beginnings of words, 
  you 're all so fucking unoriginal it hurts . 
  would richmond remain the capital of the confederacy ? 
  it does , as do sorbian and a dialect of croatian . 
   well the cases thing is n't the case if you 're learning lithuanian , russian , or really any slavic language . 
  and a lot of the indo-aryan languages preserve tons of cases . 
  so that 's like most of them . 
  albanian has a bunch , icelandic , greek ( not sure about that one ) . 
  i mean , it 's kinda funny though cause all the languages where there is a purpose for learning did lose all the cases in favor of more complicated syntax . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the one of those that has the most cases is probably russian , and that 's only got 7 . 
  greek , btw , used to have 4 ( like german ) , and now only has 3 ( like english pronouns ) . 
  `` cases , but not too many '' means `` it 's got cases , but there 's few of them '' , which perfectly fits every ie language ever ( which i do n't think go above 8 cases , even historically ) . 
  david w. anthony 's * the horse , the wheel , and language * is a good introduction to the historical spread of ie languages and why they completely rolled over europe , persia , and northern india . 
  you have to understand that before the ie migrations , europe was a linguistically diverse place , with many different languages unrelated to pie and more often than not unrelated to each other . 
  paleo-sardinian was one of these . 
  basque 's ancestor was too , as were pre-germanic , etruscan , and probably pre-greek . 
  if you 're looking for stuff on paleo-sardinian in particular , then ugas 's * l'alba dei nuraghi * covers what scant knowledge we have of paleo-sardinian , as well as everything else we know about the ancient nuragic civilization . 
  my first language , hungarian , has at least 18 cases without counting morphological duplicates , and at least double that many case-like suffixes . 
  and you do n't want to know how many cases our pronouns inflect for ...
