  ) , but it 's far from common . 
  i think here it 's supposed to mean that jasprosesprite \\ ^ 2 is literally distorting . 
  whnt 's wrong with it ? 
  it 's moss !, 
  which one is burgundy ? 
  i see provence , an irrelevant irish opm ( munster ? 
  ) , and sweden 's old coat of arms which were supposed to have changed this patch , but no france . 
  it would be really really expensive to do anything else, 
  oh god that is a brilliant way to cheat not having a dev mapmode . 
  although only for your country . 
  that makes cruise sound like a good fit, 
  the combined forcelimit of that region is unfortunately probably about double a unified france 's, 
  oh no , they spelled a misspelling wrong :(, 
  every single language family ( that 's not in africa or the americas , obviously ) , you will find a dumb hypothesis linking them to dravidian . 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uralic_languages#uralo-dravidian, 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classification_of_japonic_languages#dravidian, 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dravidian_languages#proposed_larger_groupings, 
  although the uralic thing is kinda uncanny . 
  do n't know , do n't care !, 
  always being able to peace out enemy allies in a war for just war reparations , cash , and trade power is wonderful . 
  i do n't think so . 
  reddit is n't that dumb . 
  who wants to sacrifice their dignity and try it out ? 
  noon est tomorrow ? 
  that kind of makes sense . 
  the attached armies belong to them for the purpose of doing battle , so why not treat them as theirs for the purpose of all calculations ? 
  it takes extra thought to realize that the attached army would n't stay attached if they were to declare war on its owner . 
  seconded . 
  if you play civ v , did you see the ui overhaul mod , and if so , how much did you love it ? 
  i still think we need something similar for eu4 , even though i have no idea where to begin improving on its interface . 
  it makes so much sense now !, 
  but why bother trolling if it 's clearly ? 
  noon est is one of the most optimal times for posting !, 
  - i do n't know who lives in burma , because it does n't correspond to any single nation in indochina at the start of the game, 
  - i still have no idea how napoleon was able to win so many coalition wars, 
  - i can never figure out whom the provinces that venice owns in the mainland are owned by today ; i believe istria is owned by croatia ? 
  what about friuli , is that part of slovenia ? 
  - i do n't know where the border between france and germany begins and ends, 
  - similarly about belgium , the netherlands , and france, 
  - similarly about malaysia and indonesia ( or for that matter why the archipelago was divided up in the first place ), 
  - i do n't understand why the ryukyu islands are n't independent ; they do n't even speak japanese as a first language, 
  - i do n't know anything about how the historical hre worked : who the electors were , what they did , and what reforms were actually passed, 
  try getting into a war !, 
  your navy is now unstoppable and takes virtually no attrition . 
   patch 1.12.1 :, 
   - fixed the ai declaring suicidal wars, 
  the biggest lie ever told . 
  `` russia has begun diplomatic annexation of abkhazia ! '', 
  i believe that was an actual headline posted to / r/paradoxpolitics and it could n't be truer . 
  but that 's not true for countries like ryukyu . 
  wait what really ???? 
  i just realized what you meant , six hours later . 
  you mean south , right ? 
  not low ? 
  oh man i have that board-on-a-cylinder thing . 
  it 's sold by a company called indo board and i used it to prepare for surfing . 
  it also comes with a rubbery loaf-shaped thing if you want an easier task . 
  i 'm currently trying to attach my phone to it and use its tilting as an analog input for a virtual gamecube . 
  they should both be independent if they want to be . 
  unfortunately , the reality is that if they become independent , russia will absorb them . 
  russia is like the tide : it patiently waits for you to break into little pieces , and then it washes them away . 
  it looks like a typical eu4 ottoman empire . 
  i know , just saying . 
  plus de facto is a lot different from de jure . 
  and russia is absorbing them !, 
  although , they 're only de facto independent , which , while counting for a lot , does n't get you very far in international diplomacy . 
  oh , i meant a beginner player ottomans . 
  historical , though ? 
  tell that to the hungarians !, 
  i never said it was less important , just that de jure is important too . 
  you 'll never gain international respect without it !, 
  yeah , but you do n't know where that blood goes . 
  maybe they fuse it , and do n't violate conservation of energy at all . 
  do n't forget respect from the other unrecognized states !, 
  much important . 
   there is also more to do in peacetime . 
  some countries may have the means to colonize territory not currently ruled by any state , others focus on building up trade . 
  playing as the holy roman emperor forces you to protect and maintain very high relations with otherwise meaningless and weak states . 
  civ honestly has more to do during peacetime than eu4 . 
  you can play an entire civ game without going to war . 
  in fact , it is somewhat of a preferred playstyle for many people . 
  in eu4 , never going to war is unheard of . 
  well , more complex and more realistic is not always better . 
  sometimes we prefer to play a less complex game . 
  chess is much simpler than both eu4 and civ , but neither game really displaces it . 
  no hotlinking / ! \\, 
  ah , the surefire way to get to the top of the thread : post an irrelevant joke to the top comment . 
  tell that to paul jennings . 
  edit : be prepared for people to not get your reference !, 
  ca n't be him !, 
  do n't you remember the lyrics ? 
   let his flesh not be torn, 
   let his blood leave no stain, 
   though they beat him, 
   let him feel no pain, 
   let his bones never break, 
   and however they try, 
   to destroy him, 
   let him never die ... 
   let him never die ...
