  it 's the third person jussive subjunctive , or perhaps the third person optative ( expressed using the subjunctive in some languages ) . 
  it 's not extremely exotic , but not extremely popular , either . 
  he apparently has empathy . 
  well done for him . 
  it 's not the fact that it 's ornate that makes it hard to read . 
  it 's the fact that it uses minims in the font , which are just really fucking hard to read anyway , no matter how fancy you make them . 
  they use the same short vertical bar to construct any letter with a short vertical bar in them . 
  four minims in a row : is it nn , mi , im , ini , iin , or nii ? 
  or a tall vertical bar followed by four minims : is it lnn , lmi , lim , lini , liin , lnii , hni , or hin ? 
  it 's non-obvious unless you know the language well , unfortunately . 
  edit : ooh , not to speak of the possibility that two minims after another could also be u. 
  ^ ( please do n't say anything embarrassing , reddit , please do n't say anything embarrassing , reddit , please do n't say anything embarrassing ... ), 
  it looks very good on you from here !, 
  somebody with a better eye for it might be able to tell you whether it fits well or not . 
  you * can * feel the same feelings as someone else , because they are feeling them . 
  it 's called sympathy , and it 's a valued trait , usually . 
  but i did mean empathy . 
  he is getting angry at the fact that all of the other people are less happy because they are not eating those kinds of chips . 
  the feelings are second-order , not first-order . 
  empirically , somewhere below 93 % of people who have drunk water have died , though . 
  maybe we can reduce those numbers in some way : ban water , solve immortality , or breed a lot . 
  how much do you think it is , then ? 
  it 's pretty statistically well-grounded , using exponential fitting and such , although they must have used a more complicated kind of curve for that . 
  fit the curve , then integrate from the beginning to now , take that number and subtract the amount of people still alive , and divide it by itself . 
  i prefer my copy of * tablicy integralov , summ , rjadov , i proizvedenij * , by gradshteyn and ryzhik . 
  i bought it after reading [ this review ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/review/0122947576/r1uryc1puraezo?cursor=1&amp;sort=rd ) ( hopefully it comes out correctly for you guys , and not as a mobile version ) . 
  i posted the infamous review further down . 
  here : http://www.amazon.com/review/0122947576/r1uryc1puraezo, 
  i do n't see too many advantages . 
  it ripens the banana very quickly , and it ca n't even store more than one banana at the same time . 
  what , the two are n't interchangeable ? 
  they take up the same amount of space , and fit in the same place . 
  or does n't like having their time wasted by that sort of non-content . 
  which is mostly the same group of people as what you said , except this is much more of non-content than even regular reddit-content . 
  ( i do n't usually read too many replies in , just top-level comments and what follows . ), 
  i 'd rather not read it . 
  reading it reinforces hindsight bias , no matter how aware you are of it . 
  i 'd really like to , but it 's bad for my thinking . 
  in my first language , hungarian , brain is also a verb . 
  i never really understood what it meant . 
  the `` h '' in `` hiv '' stands for `` hv '' , which stands for `` hiv virus '' . 
  they probably mean that they 'll call the police . 
  mine has them bent * apart * . 
  different paper , probably . 
  in a moment of stupidity , i plugged in the molex power to the hard drive of an old , cherished computer while the computer itself was still running . 
  not only did the rug catch fire , but worse , the hard drive was ruined . 
  i still do n't understand at how i could have made such a bad decision . 
  my first cloud chamber was slightly more ghetto : plastic cup , turned over on top of a black ramen noodle bowl lid , with vodka-soaked cotton stuffed into the back of the cup , and dry ice pellets below the ramen noodle bowl lid . 
  i had no radiation source ; i just watched for cosmic rays and things . 
  i ran an egg drop event for 5th and 6th graders once , with the materials being straw paper , napkins , and duct tape . 
  every person who won the highest event , 20ft , had made a roll cage for the egg . 
  so , in order to distinguish a winner , we had a 30ft event ... then a 40ft event ... then a 50ft event ... then a 60ft event . 
  none of those eliminated * anybody . 
  * i suspect it has to do with the air resistance of the paper frame they used for the roll cage . 
  the commenters , or comment readers . 
  wow . 
  it took you two minutes . 
  way to go !, 
  i 've watched literally * one * porn video in my life , and it was a backroom casting couch video . 
  i feel very lucky . 
  ( and no , i 'm not watching any more porn . 
  i do n't like it . ), 
  but unfortunately the reaction is laughing rather than anything else . 
  casual racism is rarely any joke , and why would it be okay to laugh at a joke that hurts people , anyway ? 
  sorry , i 'd really like to discuss this more , but i need to sleep . 
  :( i found this thread though , for you : http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1d02gb/that_awkward_moment_when_the_shadow_of_thors/ ( there 's a comment thread further down . ), 
  if you do n't call that casual racism , then we 're using different definitions . 
  but i 'd still consider making fun of a race in any way to be hurtful humor , like / r/ghettojerk . 
  there are plenty of other things that are funny that are n't undeservedly negative . 
  bazoopers . 
  getting stoned . 
  it 's a pun . 
  what about if you yeah , you 're right . 
  compressing the spectrum into a tighter band of wavelengths does n't work , because what if there 's something that absorbs that band inside the cloak ? 
  bending it around does n't work either , since there 's no way you could bend light into such a shape . 
  where would i live then ? 
  pennsylvania ? 
  * thal, 
   vietnamese set as base density of 1, 
  god help us all . 
  i did n't even know that it was possible to be much denser than chinese . 
  ( although i guess it 's only ~ 20/19 times denser , so maybe my hypothesis holds . ), 
  and an * extremely * powerful magnetic field would disable * anyone , * ripping the iron straight out of their body !, 
  ( the strongest pulsed magnetic field ever created was 730 tesla , in tokyo . 
  that 's probably enough , seeing as though 16 tesla levitates a frog . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orders_of_magnitude_ ( magnetic_field ) ) not totally relevant , but cool anyway . 
  what do you want from them ? 
  to exert a bunch of pointless stress on themselves throughout the ride when it ca n't change anything ? 
  you might even get there faster if you 're not distracted by feeling bad about being late . 
  they could have hurried up before , but it 's too late by that point , so why worry ? 
  it looks like one of those pens with the clear insides to me . 
  non-geologist here : is it safe to walk on top of the overhead part ? 
  is it safe to be under it ? 
  ( i mean , it 's held up for thousands of years , but if i ever visit it , i wo n't do so alone , so i want to have a good reason to go under there with people , who will probably say that it looks dangerous , which it does . 
  otherwise , i 'm not going to make what feels like a gamble to them . ), 
  that 's very good . 
  when i go in the bathroom , there 's * one * other person , and they have to listen to me taking a shit . 
  but atheists believe that the coin is weighted greatly so that it will land on heads ; it 's not like either side thinks that there is an equal probability that the coin will come up either way . 
  that 's agnosticism , described accurately here . 
  but the rest look as though they were described from an agnostic viewpoint ( not necessarily reflecting your own beliefs ) .
