  what 's the best kind of mouse to use ? 
  by the way . 
  the inventor of the first mouse ? 
  was named bill english : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_english_ ( computer_engineer ), 
  whoops . 
  shit . 
  because rubber rots over time ? 
  those need an internet connection to work , apparently . 
  oh yeah , i think i remember that , maybe . 
  what * did * happen to that ? 
  sorry , `` f-planes '' is [ already taken . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f-plane ) that 's okay ; the contexts are so different that you can still refer to both as that . 
  hussie specifically stated in one of his q&a s that his white eyes did not mean that he was dead . 
  i 'm the worst at searching through q&a s , though . 
  cool . 
  hold on , let me dig up my source ... 
  it 's a kind of fleuron . 
  that 's not very helpful to know , though . 
  the bloat on the input is still 2-3 times higher than * any other language * , and that sort of thing matters especially much on old machines like that that take it in byte-per-byte . 
  it 's obvious that you 've never even * used * it to solve a thermonuclear stabilizer fault . 
  sure , the actual command is just ` solve `` t396 ; 45 ; 86 '' - t - n - c ` , but you must have missed * the other 90 kilobytes of dependencies you have to include * . 
  there is no magic wand for working with quasienthalpic w-form hardware . 
  it 's always going to be a lot of code , and a lot of work , at least for * someone * . 
  the only advantage of t2-1983 is that you do n't have to remember how to do it . 
  but only the laziest of people trade out work for efficiency . 
  you still have to debug the euler mats on all cycles where the accretion base is greater than * e * , which is practically always . 
  it 's a no-win . 
  oh , * really ? 
  * well , tell me your ways , * master . 
  from what i understand , hilbert is essentially trash if you do n't want heavy interference with the flux surface in stochastic spaces . 
  you should just suck it up and go non-hilbert ; it 'll pay off after the first time you 've prebited the writeframe , because you 'll only have to make cursory parametric adjustments after that . 
  when i draw it , i get the libra symbol , a wavy aquarius symbol , a bat , \\ approx , and \\ dotso ( which as far as i can tell is just the same thing as \\ cdots ) . 
  you 've given me yet another reason to learn it . 
  i just ca n't get over it , however , that there 's whitespace ... \\* shudder *, 
  hah , i did n't mean for this to turn into such a wall of text . 
  really all i want to know is whether i have anything to worry about when i hydrolyse magnesium sulphate . 
  i just think that it 's always important to state the context !, 
  for the clarity of the metaphor you should also note that the apple and lemon come from the 7-11 's competitor down the street . 
  also , would n't it be in front of the 7-11 , so that they can see you ? 
  and it 's only saturday if the 7-11 closes on sunday , so you should mention that . 
  i 'm just going with the metaphor here . 
  the fog was so thick that the * police did n't realize * that they were * dealing with multiple accidents * . 
  i mean jesus christ that 's far shorter a render distance than `` very short '' . 
  well , just curve the population growth so that it does n't get too out of hand . 
  the reason that population growth in ecosystems in the real world is n't exponential is because there is a natural limit on the amount of individuals an ecosystem can support . 
  if you introduce a new species to an ecosystem , its growth will be exponential for a finite period , and once it reaches the population limit of its niche , it 'll hover sinusoidally around it until something unbalances the ecosystem . 
  oh , it 's absolutely possible to simulate `` evolution '' very quickly on a computer . 
  i 've made a general-purpose evolutionary modeler in c if you want to try it out . 
  ( it 's single-gene , though . 
  it would have been more work to code for additional genes , so all of the variation is in individual alleles . ), 
  it can happen very quickly in real life , anyway ; you can do experiments on evolution in microbes in petri dishes . 
  with a bit of creativity , you can do lots of interesting things like that . 
  there 's no reason this would be harder to do on a computer . 
   as for epsom salts , you should be fine for now . 
  if the manual recommends it , you can always return it to the manufacturer if you run into issues . 
  of course , if you 're wanting to experiment , do n't forget about the testing function ( mode 7754 or 354 if you 've got a b-board ) . 
  it wo n't tell you much about performance , but as long as you run it with the node cables unplugged , you should n't blow anything up . 
  but would n't it void the warranty if it was i who damaged it ? 
  i 've been told that vx co has a history of being sketchy with its warranties . 
   as for transmutation , it 's perfectly feasible . 
  the issue is you 're going to be spending about 10 to 50 times more ( depending on power costs and efficiency ) than if you had simply bought the neon . 
  sure , it 's a great experiment to learn more and just for bragging rights , but do n't expect to be producing tubes unless you 've somehow discovered revolutionary new method ( and if you think you have , triple-check your calculations ) . 
  but once elemental helium runs out on this planet , would it take more energy to try to reclaim it from the air , or to just make more from standard flux-catalysed atomic anabolism with hydrogen or flux-catalysed atomic catabolism from any higher element ( carbon , for example , which breaks down pretty neatly ) ? 
   modular does seem to be the way to go thanks to motoshu operators . 
  the only people not using modular units are those who ca n't afford it , hardcore pan-5 addicts , and people in it for the nostalgia factor . 
  who ca n't afford modular ? 
  on consumer units it 's only an extra , like , $ 100 , max . 
  i 'd understand if it were laboratory equipment , but those should be modular anyway . 
  although i know that this is n't the rigorous definition of `` continuous '' , `` continuous '' can be thought of as `` defined at every point '' , right ? 
  edit : oh , no , because stepped functions , where limit = / = function . 
  augh , genius . 
  i am designing a robot for a competition , where it will play soccer with another robot , and it 's running completely on its own , meaning no input from anything outside the robot . 
  i have been agonising for days over how to , short of mounting a camera on to the robot , detect the position of the other robot . 
  * and this seems to work . 
  echolocation . 
  * robots are noisy . 
  the clanging of the ball ( it 's heavy and plastic ) , that 'll make noise , too . 
  from here it 's only a simple matter to resolve the noise from different microphones ( 2 ? 
  into the position of an object . 
  * thank you so much . 
  i will look into this extensively . 
  i 've already made something like this in c , but it 's sort of bare-bones . 
  there 's just one gene , and it can have up to 32 different alleles . 
  if you want , you can take a look at it . 
  what the fuck did you just say etc. 
  i do n't entirely agree with mr. cheeze , but it 's not just logic . 
  who do we know out of all of homestuck that talks like this ? 
  there 's hussie , and ... well , there 's ar , which is a possibility . 
  but ar would n't need a radio , he 'd just upload himself on to the device . 
   tapping the clock/top bar on a page will take you quickly to the top . 
  ahahaha like anyone needs to be told this . 
  it 's such a constant pain in the ass everywhere . 
  but it 's also useful when you want it to happen . 
  the problem with mc is that you ca n't do horns . 
  here 's my attempt at a solution . 
  sorry for the bad handwriting . 
  i 'd say you did everything right , except you were supposed to get 1/5 , not 2/5 . 
  whee , time for another flash !, 
  i hope . 
  someone should update the faq .
