  my all-time favorite would be moocs , though . 
  i 've been to the first two !, 
  do n't forget the vla . 
  i liked the pvc pipes one . 
  wow , did n't expect to see hungarian here ( native speaker ) . 
  i think the poster was asking for temporal interrogatives that are still asking about what is the point at which something happens , but with different nuances , such as `` in what month '' , `` at what time ( in the past ) '' . 
   favorite online dictionaries, 
  it 's really gone downhill in the past decade . 
  depends where it hits . 
  it ca n't hit the us * and * europe at the same time , but it can hit china , or the atlantic ocean . 
  it * would * probably hit ocean . 
  we 've roughly got our asses covered , harvest-wise ; we can still use lamps and hydroponics . 
  there 'd definitely be famine , though ; that ca n't support everyone . 
  but not crippling . 
  how did you deal with it when margaret thatcher died ? 
  the internet was full of this same shit . 
  i 've tried restarting too , but i 'll make sure to try the killall command anyway . 
  simplix, 
  my reaction always is , `` hey , i got my first laptop at a black friday sale . 
  do n't knock it . '', 
  you can get the different viols in left-handed versions . 
  if i were left-handed , i would n't bother , though . 
  or just a large magnet, 
  the number keys were labeled abc def efg etc. , so i do n't think it was unintended . 
  as opposed to terrestrial neutrinos from radioactive minerals ? 
  yeah , i 've only ever heard this from teachers and luthiers ; i 've never actually seen one in person , except at a luthier 's shop . 
  i do n't imagine any professional player uses them . 
  no , neither of them should . 
  she should n't have said it , but if she 's already said it , it does n't matter ; after that it 's only important that * he * does n't say it , but he accidentally failed that , too . 
  i do n't care that you have n't . 
  who the fuck goes around telling people they have n't done things ? 
  sorry , i was trying to be brief . 
  what i meant was , before either of them said anything , it was inappropriate for either of them to say they 're attracted to the other person 's sibling . 
  but once she 's said it , then it 's still inappropriate for him to say it , regardless of whether it was right or wrong for her to say it ; i.e. , `` it does n't matter '' that what she said was inappropriate , he still should n't say anything . 
  but he said it anyway , and so we 're here discussing it . 
  i guess my comment could be summed up as , `` who said it was okay for her to say it ? '', 
  piggy-backing here to say a reply to the deleted comment : thank you for deleting it , that was very considerate ; i have n't seen it yet , either . 
  empirically , i think you 're wrong . 
  could you please look at any other / r/worldnews thread in the past  1 year , especially from a few months ago ? 
  we 're not making this up , this sub really , really hates muslims normally . 
  edit : holy shit , you do n't even need to look at other threads , just scroll a little further down . 
  islam is literally the same as scientology ? 
  are these people fucking kidding me ? 
  is now !, 
  i think i just upvoted excellent satire , but i 'm not sure ... 
  relatedly , the idea that muslim beliefs were `` spread by the sword '' is incorrect . 
   2x as saline as regular seawater, 
   completely closed off from outside world, 
   trapped in sediment, 
  even some halophiles would be a miracle . 
  edit : to clarify , this is because halophiles are photosynthetic , not because they would n't be able to deal . 
  well now i feel kind of silly , but still , what kind of archaea are you going to find down there ? 
  sulfate-reducing ? 
  should have told the mailman to destroy the message . 
  dammit , and i was sure i had found another person with a dvorak keyboard . 
  that was the most made-up post i 've ever seen, 
  why should that matter ? 
  does it really use kerbin 's surface as a frame of reference in orbit ? 
  ( i mean , you can get the surface velocity , but that 's quite different from actually using it . ), 
  14/20 , a little okay . 
  i really liked the last one . 
  dump all billion into a volcano at once, 
  oh man you got incredibly lucky . 
  enjoy those canned peaches !, 
  ( although you 're probably not the person who took the picture ), 
  what 's the context for that gif ? 
  i 'd wonder whether this is a user being funny or a shill trying to hide in plain sight , but it 's hard to imagine a food chain having a large centralized operation that has people who are paid to be shills . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : wow that was charismatic and entertaining . 
  i should watch community . 
  i think i 'm gon na call / r/hailcorporate on this one . 
  why do we care that it 's la fitness that 's the fitness place ? 
  just take a picture of the parking space . 
  every time i see nes stuff , i kind of lament the fact that there 's a lot less of these for snes , which i liked a lot better , mostly because it had vastly better hardware . 
  that 's okay , i 'm sure there 'll be one like that eventually ( or already ) ... 
  why ? 
  the bottom one would probably be prone to falling out , but what 's wrong with the rest ? 
  reminds me the tables we have in my lab . 
  they have these , but they 're not pop-out , just protected by a large metal cover ; you have to push on one end of the metal cover to open it , and it opens slowly but with great force . 
  you have to start pushing on one end and then reach under the partially-opened lid to complete the opening , otherwise your fingers will get caught behind the lid and get crushed like hell . 
  then under it there are two electric outlets and an ethernet port , but they 're on some sort of raised platform , with , like , this * moat * around them that 's less than a cm wide . 
  i accidentally drop [ tiny capped plastic test tubes ] ( http://www.dhgate.com/product/500pcs-centrifugal-tubes-plastic-test-tube/156775372.html#s1-1-1 | 3641746774 ) into that moat all the time , so much that i 've actually bought a set of chopsticks for the lab . 
  goddamn i 'm jealous of your much more sensible table . 
  i think it 's more that the nes is far more iconic , and the angular features just happen to be a bonus . 
  you see nes cases for everything , up to and including tables . 
  snes , less so . 
  holy shit , memes with * sound * . 
  how long have i been missing out ? 
  ( to be clear i 'm familiar with ytmnd ), 
   bears up, 
  would n't that be `` bares up '' ? 
  ( i 'm not a native speaker of english , and i have n't heard either expression , but `` bares up '' would make more sense , i think . ), 
  i love the refs ' reactions, 
  thanks !, 
  i thought it was on netflix anyway , huh . 
  ( hola unblocker does n't exactly work on my system , since i 'm using linux so i have to use windows 's firefox to watch it , but i think i can work around it . ), 
  but it 's not that you do n't understand it , it 's just that it takes a bit of time to read . 
  technobabble would be like , i dunno , a string-theoretic description of the hdmi cable, 
  dammit , what did it say ? 
  it 's deleted .
