  can you recommend a non-conspicuous , non-annoying place for a reference electrode ? 
  just make people put them in text posts . 
  use automoderator if you want to filter stuff . 
  i guess you have n't heard of [ * d\u0101t\u012bvus possess\u012bvus * ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dative_case#latin ) . 
  it 's pretty common , actually . 
  this is not a frozen mammoth . 
  it 's a 3 billion-year-old imprint in rock . 
  oh okay , thank you !, 
  i was trying to avoid the ear . 
  maybe , but you get a bandwidth cap . 
  no amount of freedom is worth that . 
  i thought the top high school in america is high tech high . 
  or ice . 
  ( almost certainly not , though . ), 
  still is , no one cares . 
  google `` us news and world report '' . 
  they determine the top high schools and universities in multiple ways in the us . 
  i 'm more stupid . 
  i thought it was a hyena . 
  well , it worked . 
  it got the reddit front page . 
  til i 'm dyslexic and have been confusing the acronyms of process capability indices and consumer price indices . 
  you do n't `` work '' as a certified dive master . 
  you just are . 
  ( source : i got certified a divemaster by age 16 . 
  that 's not even the fifth percentile of how young you can be to get certified for it . ), 
  i went into biomedical engineering because cyborgs are cool and i want to make people immortal . 
  i was hired to do bioinformatics work by uc berkeley at age 16 , and a year later multiple places offered me paid internships to research neurology . 
  ( i went back to uc berkeley for that ; they allowed me to pick up what i was working on last year as a hobby and turn it into a real research project . ), 
  i did all of that without a degree . 
  i am not even finished with my secondary education yet , never mind my phd , but empirically , it looks to me as though having a degree is nearly irrelevant to whether you can meaningfully contribute to science . 
  however , i do hope that eight ( ? ), 
  years of post-hs education will make me smarter and better at what i do . 
  and a phd will probably get me into labs that i can only dream about now , as a faculty member . 
  but i think that most of my ideas , interests , and have-researcheds come from my willingness to explore those areas on my own , usually on a shoestring budget . 
  hooking up a brain to an eeg to a microcontroller to a pico projector to an eye to a brain was not something that i pursued because of any education i got in school . 
  randomly distributing quizzes to middle-schoolers was not something i was paid , told , or encouraged to do . 
  ( i actually got suspended for that , because i skipped driving class to do it . 
  i got wonderful data though . 
  turns out , thought speed ( measured using a battery of 10 different np-complete problems ) is approximately normally distributed , with a rather small standard deviation , but surprisingly the distribution is exactly the same for high schoolers as for middle schoolers . ), 
  i did that because * i * wanted to know how the speed of thought changes as children age . 
  that was * me . 
  * not my education . 
  i should probably try to informally publish the data i collected in high school , though . 
  it might be of use to someone . 
  god knows cognitive science would need the help . 
  ( by the way , as long as i 'm rambling about stuff i did in high school , beginner 's luck is statistically insignificant , at least at mario kart and qbert . ), 
  ^ ( sorry if this seems too self-indulgent . 
  it 's just that , in order to make a statement about your scientific successes , you have to enumerate them . ), 
  when i first heard it , i immediately began thinking of a way to work it into a conversation ; after all , it is semantically unique , if you include subtext in semantics . 
  unfortunately , it 's too weird to be able to be worked into a conversation . 
  ~ ~ but that 's not actually implementing minecraft in minecraft . 
  that 's just hardcoding a monitor into minecraft and then hooking it up to a minecraft session outside of that session . 
  that 's at least a million times less effort . ~ ~, 
  i did n't watch the video . 
  somebody did the thing that i said and called it minecraft in minecraft . 
  that 's a popular video , too . 
  and then when someone finally says , `` ea is a company ; it 's * supposed to * care about money , '' it 's treated like some huge revelation . 
  i remember when these rules were instituted , but i do n't get the logic behind them . 
  you would rather have us complain unproductively than share ideas in a setting where we are united by our smugness but have different views that we are willing to discuss ? 
  why can i see the points for the posts in this thread ? 
  ( i 'm using alien blue on an iphone 5 . 
  all other threads just show a `` 1 '' for all the posts , as they should . ), 
  okay , so standard discussion issues . 
  man , debate is fragile on the internet !, 
  it looked to me as though we are doing quite well , capable of being friendly to one another while disagreeing and at the same time seriously considering each others ' ideas . 
  but i guess that 's just my imagination filling in for the lack of resolution ; indeed , debate necessarily only goes two or three comments deep here , and does n't really follow through at all , rationally or otherwise . 
  i 'll take your word for it that they 'd more often than not end badly . 
  except that the other fandoms sort of dislike us too much to let us in their armies . 
  ( also , i think we could be replaced with any other fandom in that picture . ), 
  good luck being ever getting published . 
  well , i mean , it sounds very biased , coming from * cern * , after all . 
  but i agree with them . 
  although i do n't think research is optimally prioritized . 
  that correlates with what / u/bzratfink said, 
  that 's different from colorblindness, 
  hmm . 
  i 'll keep that in mind when i want to burn out a programmer . 
  ( i 'm not sure why i would want to do that , though . ), 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ missing ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ point, 
  if they had n't discovered the hilden-geiddenfeld theorem , someone else would have soon after . 
  the relation between modal field points and resistance was a hot topic of the time . 
  everyone know what sort of benefits variable resistance would bring . 
  i see what i 've been doing wrong now . 
  i 'll print out my pdfs and bind them . 
  wow , that did n't even occur to me . 
  good call . 
  buy larger underwear !, 
  i do n't think they do n't realize that . 
  maybe they did n't have time or money to port it , or have too many other things to work on . 
  it looks exactly like the sort of thing that precedes more hiatus . 
  like that time when all the b2 kids died . 
  that succeeded and preceded a bunch of hiatus , up until '' [ s ] synchronize . '', 
  and '' [ s ] unite . 
  that 's very unsafe . 
  he has to hold his breath for a short period of time to do that , which could lead to lung rupture if he starts floating upwards . 
  getting rid of a cat because of allergies is reasonable , though . 
  i thought they were living together . 
  but i am stuck between a rock and a hard place : either i make the simulation too slow to play ( and i am not a god of hardware ) , or inaccurate ( which defeats the point ) . 
  quantum mechanics is a needless overcomplication of the universe .
