  - them , 2 : play 1 mana 3/2 , southsea deckhand , patches . 
  patches and the hits from ship 's cannon go face , while ship 's cannon itself trades with the guy . 
  - you , 3 : topdeck and play shielded minibot ? 
  - them , 3 : play n'zoth 's first mate ( cannon goes face ) and hit the minibot with the weapon . 
  play southsea deckhand ( cannon kills minibot ) . 
  everything goes face . 
  that puts you at 15 and him at 28 , if i 'm mathing right , so it does n't quite add up . 
  edit : oh shit , forgot ship 's cannon is normally 2/3 . 
  this changes everything . 
  then turn 3 was aldor peacekeeper rather than minibot , but everything else went the same way , resulting in the opponent having 27 health rather than 28 . 
  it 's coming together ... 
  if only unlicensed apothecary were a dragon and a priest card . 
  yeah , but he meant post-damage . 
  well , scots is also a language , not to be confused with scottish english . 
  this is arpanet . 
  not sure if it qualifies as the internet . 
  more like the internet 's dad . 
  we welcome you over at / r/shittypopanalysis, 
  hah , panacea used to be a totem . 
  it 's always nice to know kazakus believes in me . 
  the only two city building games you can build true dystopic megacities in are sim city societies and dwarf fortress , and one of those is the worst game in the sim city series . 
  ( and the other one has a restricted technology level and ca n't handle a population of over 800 dwarves or so . ), 
  the idea of it was alright , but everything good about it can be more or less accomplished by modding one of the better games , and everything bad about it is terrible . 
  well , megacities by the game 's standard . 
  100-floor fortresses with many rooms are pretty megacity-ish . 
  `` it 's a unit vector with an amount of dimensions that 's a power of two '', 
  each qubit in the system doubles the amount of dimensions . 
  edit 1 : this is because each dimension represents a possible discrete state of the bits . 
  ( so for three bits , there 's an axis each for 000 , 001 , 010 , 011 , etc. ), 
  more generally , in qm , each axis of your amplitude distribution will represent a state variable of the system . 
  for convenience , since it 's only the amplitude ratios and not the absolute amounts that matter , we normalize the amplitude distribution to have a sum of 1 , which is why in quantum computing we use unit vectors . 
  edit 2 : to be clear , the axes of a traditionally-described amplitude distribution do n't correspond to the `` axes '' of the vector representing the state of the quantum computer . 
  rather , the state variables are binary , so the space of possible states is discrete and has a number of possible states equal to 2 ^ ( n ) , where n is the number of state variables ( which are just our bits ) . 
  each state is just a bucket with a certain amount of amplitude in it , so for the purpose of quantum computation , we can just treat our amplitude distribution as a vector of those buckets . 
  i mean , we have n't actually measured the risk of bear attacks anywhere except earth ( and the moon , but with really low sample size ) . 
  i do n't think it 's wise to speculate until we have empirical data . 
  so it 's kind of like the antibiotics arms race ? 
  also , does n't salting your stuff solve the issue ? 
  you should ask / r/linguistics , as they 've got historical linguists who 've worked on turkic languages . 
  that 's not the * bee movie * script , is it ? 
  if only there were some sort of watertight bag to hold your blood inside you ... 
  but do n't worry , we got to do the riding around on horses and killing people part , too , after we left !, 
  it would n't be fun , but it would n't be immediately deadly either . 
  get yourself some pressurized goggles . 
  great , now the people who voted for duterte are validated . 
  :\\ `` america is an unreliable ally ! '', 
  it 's a terrible situation all around . 
  it could be used in secret paladin , where you want to play as many secrets as possible . 
  edit : sorry , i guess i do n't know the deck very well . 
  see rationale below . 
  `` homeland '' , `` motherland '' , neither work ? 
  i never played it , but my understanding is that you get your 6-drop to take all of the secrets out of your deck and put them into play , resulting in much better draw consistency . 
  would n't you then want to play more secrets , so that your draw consistency increases ? 
  ah , i see , thanks . 
  that is very interesting . 
  i 'd 've thought you 'd put some sort of viscous component to the motion , rather than add more springs . 
  i guess hair can be modeled as more or less completely elastic . 
  well , being able to transfer connotative meaning without heavily paraphrasing is usually asking for a little too much when translating anything , not just specific words . 
  but i see what you 're saying . 
  i like how you found good artwork for clockwork raider . 
  is it that easy to just google `` clockwork pirate '' or something ? 
  also , i really like the flavor on worgen scout , but i 'm not sure what deck it fits in . 
  i ca n't think of a hunter deck that ever ran 2x tracking , let alone needs more and also a 1 mana 1/1 . 
  maybe it 'd be good with barnes ? 
  2x tracking is a choice that a lot of people fiddle with sometimes , but ultimately the meta version of the deck ends up running 1x ( like yogg 'n' load earlier this year ) or 0x ( like most minion-based hunter decks ) . 
  keep in mind also that worgen scout has negative synergy with king 's elekk , which is run in most hunter decks . 
  that said , i hope there 's a place for it , because tracking is a really cool card , and hunter deserves more draw . 
  how do you `` take advantage of the iberian wedding '' as aragon ? 
  do you care about keeping it simple when you have years to render a couple hours of footage ? 
  this is where they topdeck deathstrike , annihilate , execute , permafrost , eye of winter , or withering witch + anything that deals damage . 
  also a bazillion good board clears, 
  `` chugga chugga '' will go down as one of the memest sfx in hearthstone history , alongside `` everybody , get in here ! '', 
  and `` well met ! '', 
  well , but `` caucasian '' is n't used to mean `` from the caucasus '' here , it 's used to mean `` white '' . 
  and azeroth 's got white people . 
  edit : what is wrong with you all ? 
  when have you ever heard someone use the word `` caucasian '' on the internet to refer to someone with bushy eyebrows who lives in some mountains , eats khachapuri , and speaks russian as a second language ? 
  no , it always just refers to someone who looks like a european , and azeroth has got those . 
  what kind of ridiculous gotcha is `` azeroth does n't have the caucasus lol so nobody there is caucasian '' when none of the other people you call `` caucasian '' are from the caucasus either ? 
  if you want to use the term with its geographical meaning , go somewhere where people use it that way , like wikipedia , / r/paradoxplaza , or your local university 's history department . 
  purposely misunderstanding what someone is saying just because you know what the caucasus is is n't helpful or anything , it 's just dickish . 
  you can thoughtsteal or mindvision one , though . 
  edit : oh yeah , context . 
  yeah , i dunno what he was going for . 
  oh yeah , you 're right , forgot that ms was the point of the post . 
  dunno then . 
  ( and if entomb into renounce darkness counts , then really you can have secrets in your deck as any class , since yogg can play both of those . ), 
  edit : actually , the most efficient way for yogg to do it would be maelstrom portaling a warlock minion , ganging it up , and then playing renounce darkness . 
  as a bonus , this works in standard ( because if you 're restricting yourself to using the entomb , the only way to guarantee your opponent a warlock minion would be mulch into ancestor 's call ) , although in standard you do n't have mad scientist , so it 's a bit of a moot point there . 
  that 's why you play board clear feln !, 
  4x lightning storm , 4x harbinger , 2x plague , 4x withering witch , let 's go . 
  if the guy i replied to was joking , that 's alright , it 's a decent joke . 
  but i got downvoted to -5 within minutes , much more likely because voters took the guy 's comment seriously rather than because they thought i was missing a joke ( which people do n't usually downvote for ) . 
  this does n't matter so much , but it means these people do n't really see how words work , which is unfortunate . 
  help , i know phonology but ca n't read lips . 
  teach us your ways, 
  well , but that was voltaire 's fault . 
  let 's see if they can figure that out . 
  i believe in your ability to converse like intelligent people , pandora and raven !, 
  poor rick astley , what 's he done to you ?
