  lovely indeed !, 
  although i ca n't help thinking whoever took this picture was really frustrated by the moon messing up his photo . 
  is it okay if i joke that you must have a degree in english ? 
  wow , this is really great !, 
  it must have taken a lot of effort . 
  ca n't say you did a good job with india , though . 
  ^ ( ( i mean really ? 
  ) ^ ) but all the other ones are pretty spot-on . 
  i particularly liked that brazil 's last line devolved into `` huehuehuehue , hue '' . 
  it made me laugh a lot . 
  actually , op made it ; he just applied the wrong flair, 
  i never said , `` therefore i conclude that he did n't commit suicide . '', 
  i just said that it makes it less likely , therefore it deserves to be on that list . 
  we 're arguing about whether it 's evidence against turing 's suicide , are n't we ? 
  well , if it makes his suicide less likely , then it 's evidence against it , practically by definition . 
  i mean , sufficiently strong evidence against it would be able to bring you to a conclusion about it on its own , but that 's definitely not the case here . 
  once it looks close enough to one end , though , since you 've gathered enough evidence , you can make a decision . 
  edit : sorry , it does look like i concluded turing did n't commit suicide , does n't it ? 
  `` i came to a conclusion about the left side . '', 
  what i meant was that i concluded that i concluded that the left side was smaller than p ( a ) . 
  it looks like jello . 
  mmmmm , i 'm hungry just looking at it . 
  that only arises from looking at the wavefunction like a probability distribution for the state of a classical system . 
  if you understand what role the wavefunction plays in physics , and the fact that it is able to evolve in ways such that particles are not independent of each other , entanglement is suddenly an intuitive concept . 
  this comic initially confused me a lot , because i mistook slovenia for some form of russia . 
  well , but if you were gon na say something about india , why would you talk about its prevalence of rape ? 
  there are so many more worthwhile things to say about it . 
  i meticulously plan out every hypothetical way a conversation could go , in advance . 
  i do this almost all the time whenever i 'm anticipating speaking with somebody , even in the company of others . 
  the thing is , my imagination leaks outside , so i frequently get asked why i am muttering to myself , or why i suddenly said very loudly `` ow , no '' . 
  i do n't hope that * everybody * does this , because that 's clearly not the case , but i hope i 'm not alone . 
  what kind of new technologies did byzantium develop ? 
  the only technological exploit i remember them having is figuring out silk , but they stole that one from china . 
  did they use any of the chemical weapons of the greeks ? 
  ( i 'm thinking of greek fire specifically ), 
  for a moment , i was wondering what lolsail was doing in / r/askhistorians . 
  anyway , though , thank you !, 
  as someone from hungary , new jersey , and california , how do you pronounce `` iowa '' ? 
  three syllables , right ? 
  is it accent on the first syllable or the second syllable ? 
  italy ca n't into war in general . 
  is of worse than france . 
  sooo ... [ ` a\u026ao\u028a\u028c ] , right ? 
  wow , i think that 's the longest word i know made completely out of vowels . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's ipa . 
  you should learn it !, 
  it will help your pronunciation of every language by a whole lot . 
  that 's just , like , your opinion , man ^ ^ \\ ( plz ^ ^ let ^ ^ of ^ ^ me ^ ^ happy ), 
  well , i had access to a lot of linguistics material as a kid . 
  they do n't teach this in hungary , either . 
  this is why linguistics should be part of the standard curriculum everywhere , though . 
  ^ ( also wtf plosives are you drunk ? 
  since when are you called `` stops '' ? ), 
   calling gnu unix, 
   mfw gnu is not unix, 
  sardinia + france is not exactly italy . 
  yeah , i was talking about the popular stigma that the french flag is the white flag . 
  france can into war pretty decent . 
  oh i was talking about how i went to the wikipedia page for ipa and apparently plosives are called stops now . 
  this has to be a recent development , because it was n't this way some two years ago , for sure . 
  but thank you for the insight into your name anyway !, 
  or ... maybe he 's just pretending to be gullible ? 
  i do n't knowings . 
  every eastern european country say of fact that central , but are terribly wrong . 
  what of special makes hungary ? 
  and bear in mind , it 's a logarithmic scale . 
  a 6.8 is nearly three orders of magnitude worse than a 4 . 
  hey , me too !, 
  a fake explanation completely fails to explain anything whatsoever . 
  `` psychic echo '' at least has some merit . 
  but all religions prevent an easy route to heaven . 
  take christianity : if you kill yourself , you go to hell . 
  if somebody else kills you , you do n't necessarily go to hell , but then the other person does . 
  you 're calling it ? 
  it was essentially outright stated back in `` space magic '' . 
  red is also sort of a dick . 
  they did n't have to make such a big deal about liking black 's status the first time around . 
  here 's how the conversation could have gone if red was nicer :, 
   hey red , can you go like my status ? 
  the one about my cat ? 
  cheers xx, 
   sure !, 
  hold on ... 
   wait a minute , this is a copy of mine from a few weeks ago . 
   it 's not a copy actually , i came up with this status ages ago and you can even ask green because i was telling him about it ages ago, 
   i do n't know who green is , but it 's no big deal . 
  i do n't really care . 
   k , i liked it . 
   thanks dude !, 
  cheers, 
   happy to help, 
  wait , what tv service is it that lets you watch movies that are still in theaters ? 
  ( i see pacific rim towards the bottom ~ ~ left ~ ~ right ), 
  most of these are really easy , though . 
  edit : never mind , a good number of these could take days . 
  i thought assignments like `` wysiwyg html editor '' were not the norm , but a lot of them would need to be pretty sophisticated . 
  ~ ~ yeah , but for every problem like `` wysiwyg html editor '' , there 's ten problems like `` bulk file copier '' . ~ ~, 
  actually looking a bit more closely a lot of these could take more than a day . 
  i revoke my judgement of `` easy '' .
