  maybe he goes to canada for vacation for 2 or 3 months per year , and meets up with his family there . 
  probably none !, 
  even so , it 's true . 
  good luck !, 
  you should look up recipes that have the pot over a stove , too , for reference , though , since chances are you do n't have a bogr\u00e1cs or a fire . 
  the paprika paste ... hmm . 
  i get mine from hungary , because i visit it often . 
  i 'm not sure what else is in there except for ground paprika and water . 
  maybe grind up a bunch hot , non-dry peppers with garlic into a minced paste and mix them with paprika ? 
  to be honest , a significant percentage of the paprika paste you find in stores is suspicious-sounding artificial flavoring and coagulants . 
  you 're not missing out . 
  in downtown miskolc you ca n't turn a corner without stumbling into a l\u00e1ngos bakery . 
  the way to get guly\u00e1s is to get yourself invited to a hungarian friend 's house , and tell them to make guly\u00e1s for you !, 
  if one of these summers you decide to visit the area around miskolc , pm me to see if i 'm around . 
  i 'll take you up to my house in the hills and we can make guly\u00e1s together . 
  man , i 've always wanted to write a book called `` molecular genetics for programmers '' . 
  looks like i 've been beaten to the punch !, 
  i 've only skimmed this , but it looks like to me that he 's totally left out noncoding rna , and post-translational modification of proteins . 
  maybe an analogy is , dna is source code , rna is also source code , and proteins are bytecode ? 
  this would make post-translational modification of proteins binary editing , and ribosomes compilers , but all noncoding rna ( including rrna ) interpret * ed * . 
  wherein the interpreter is the universe . 
  what 's funny about this is that introns are then therefore preprocessor commands , except for introns that fold into noncoding rna , which have no direct analogy ( because programmers are n't stupid and do n't make part of their code interpreted and part of it compiled ) . 
  i 've always liked ram as a metaphor for rna . 
  sequencing a transcriptome is making a savestate ( for non-gamer folks , ram snapshot ) . 
  * it finally came ? 
  edit : you liar, 
  while she was alive my grandmother would sometimes softly chant , `` istenk\u00e9m , istenk\u00e9m ... '' which , while not being plural , is diminutive ( and means `` god '' , at least in hungarian ) . 
  since oct 16 ? 
  how would you consider an update posted in oct 16 `` current '' ? 
  and ask someone their thoughts on it ? 
  well , you 're not exactly goodsell , but good job anyway !, 
  the word `` doublespeak '' was never in 1984 . 
  that was doublethink , and means something totally different . 
  well actually , what does `` doublespeak '' mean ? 
  lying as done by a politician ? 
  i think it leaves out very common words like `` i '' and `` a '' . 
  beats me why `` have '' is n't on there though . 
  this is intro immunology for laymen ... good for a summary , i guess . 
  i do n't agree with the gif , but damn that guy is so expressive so i upvoted anyway . 
  where is this from ? 
  hungarian dawn is n't even what we need to worry about . 
  jobbik actually has significant amounts of people voting for it . 
  like , it 's insane . 
  in 2010 they got 16 % of the votes for parliament . 
  i shudder to think about next year . 
  who , kurdistan ? 
  what the heck is a quaternion outside of math ? 
  native to china and vietnam ? 
  it 's malaysian , is n't it ? 
  or , 23rd at this rate , 24th counting selenocysteine . 
  cool !, 
  no , posting funny things to / r/funny . 
  okay , now show us the painting . 
  wow , i ca n't believe what i wanted to write is at the top . 
  i was a little tentative about posting it , though , because i felt that `` midnight '' is kind of a weak link . 
  it feels like a low-budget psychological thriller ( which it is ) . 
  i do n't usually like episodes where the imagery is entirely superfluous . 
  i mean , the whole thing was one scene !, 
  that said i enjoyed it enough to think your assessment has merit . 
  although , 9/10 seems a little high . 
  why sf communities in particular ? 
  god !, 
  that is so much cuter than my impression from * the deep * . 
  look at those widdle tentacles !, 
  his joke is n't original , but it did sound like you misunderstood it . 
  oh , i 've heard this one !, 
  this was in my unit on english phrases in esl . 
  a synonym is `` not the sharpest tool in the shed/sharpest knife in the drawer '' . 
  also , `` dim bulb '' . 
  itt : sexism , stereotypes , nonsense , and some humor, 
  reddit is usually much better than this . 
  not like it does n't act sexist sometimes , but i would have expected it to be more levelheaded here . 
  if i 'm reading this right , the value of the dollar actually went * up * between 1996 and 1999 ? 
  thanks for the input , i 'm still looking for a solution actually . 
  the solution i 've heard that people have come up with is that they keep unblocker turned off when they do n't need it . 
  are you kidding ? 
  render times usually take hours per frame , for movies . 
  i guess it 's not so high because it 's only snow and surfaces that do n't have textures or many shaders . 
  i heard about this , too !, 
  i like it because it allows me to access netflix when i 'm in hungary ( i 'm hungarian ) , but the fact that it only lets you access american stuff bothers me because there 's all sorts of great movies that i 'm missing out on . 
  um , i had already known about negative numbers by the time i was in 2nd grade , and i 'm pretty sure they were taught in that year , too . 
  where the heck did you go to school ? 
  for some reason , i 've upvoted you at least 10 times . 
  i tried to go through your history to find at least one of the posts/comments of yours that i 've upvoted , but i did n't find a single one . 
  i ended up contributing 3 more to the pile . 
  i feel you on the negative numbers thing , man ; by 2nd grade i had already known negative numbers , and i 'm pretty sure they taught them in 2nd grade at my school , too . 
  you definitely got the short end of the stick on that one . 
  `` you 're the nicest person i 've ever met . '', 
  clearly , this person did not have much life experience , because the nicest people i 've ever met are two people who are both composers and definitely way nicer than me . 
  dammit . 
  well , i 've already posted it ; as soon as i get to -5 i 'll be hidden from sight forever . 
  what 's way more impressive is that it came out in one piece . 
  as a bioengineer who mostly hated having to learn about botany as an undergrad , i 've got to say this is one of the coolest things i 've learned in it . 
  do you see how it 's not necessary to change the twirling strategy even after it catches on something ? 
  it just keeps on wrapping around in the same way as if it were whirling around otherwise . 
  awesome job !, 
  you are fantastic for being the first in your family to do this . 
   implying that `` down for maintenance '' means he is having a break, 
  usually when i take stuff down for maintenance i work on it . 
  nobody thinks this is unusual .
