  another benefit is that it 's less likely to get mixed up . 
  people inadvertently italicize and superscript stuff by using * , _ , and ^ in completely reasonable ways . 
  people make bullet point lists by trying to write '' - abraham lincoln '' underneath a quote . 
  people are surprised when their numbered list is n't interpreted the way they want it to be . 
  people try to post a hashtag and end up making their post a heading instead . 
  that said , there are good reasons why we use markdown nowadays . 
  but there were also good reasons why bbcode was popular . 
  the shitpost bot works via a markov chain . 
  it has a database of which words come how often after which other words among the shitposts on this subreddit , and it randomly picks word after word based on this database . 
  i 'm saying you 're good at imitating the shitpost bot , but not quite good enough . 
  do n't worry , i knew , i was just poking fun , 
  wuuuuu, 
  that was already possible in the original switzerlake . 
  but its name is spanish . 
  does n't that imply that it was first settled by mexicans ? 
  san francisco is unreasonably chilly in the winter . 
  the wind blows through all the blocks and you freeze your ass off . 
  well now he 's definitely gotten gold for making shit up . 
  funny how the logic of it works, 
  i thought janis would show up, 
  sure , not even necessarily prehistoric . 
  the turkic , mongolic , and tungusic peoples , for example , still live next to each other . 
  so , it was founded by ... * mormon mexicans ? 
  as someone who 's been to a lot of aquariums and recently moved to the bay area , it did n't seem much better than any of the other aquariums i 've been to . 
  but i keep hearing about all the cool exhibits that they 're getting , like that new species of squid they just got , and keep wanting to go back . 
  maybe i just went when they did n't have any particularly special exhibits ? 
  thank you for the insight !, 
  i was indeed referring to pajama squids . 
  teratoma . 
  or , y' know , han solo, 
  he 's , like , the sokka of star wars, 
  yeah , if there is n't anything readily available i think i 'll just write some python . 
  thanks !, 
  to be entirely fair , in his suicide monologue , he does hit it , weakly, 
  oh god , i wrote that years ago and am now naturally super embarrassed about how poorly-written it is . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/3mz4bzzx29ql4vp/uptime.pdf?dl=0 ) a fresh download link . 
  if i had the time to revise it , i totally would . 
  fun fact : the first draft was written on an iphone , in one night . 
  edit : dammit , [ this ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/shjhmgxuf0ja0c3/uptime.pdf?dl=0 ) link should work, 
  there is no coincidence with / u/mindbleach , he 's omnipresent on this subreddit . 
  that 's really weird . 
  hold on . 
  edit : fixed , see original post, 
  damn dropbox , this has happened before to things i posted years ago . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/shjhmgxuf0ja0c3/uptime.pdf?dl=0 ) you are !, 
  the hockey stick also comes out if you speak an inuit language . 
  we know the origins . 
  it was left behind from the people who inhabited europe before the indo-european invasions . 
  we just do n't know what other language families it may be related to ( popular candidates include etrurian and paleo-sardinian ) , but that 's true of every language family ever . 
  there are two kinds of people who are good at killing languages . 
  communists , and the french . 
  between all the political posts on / r/all , i thought this read `` clinton got very old '' , and i was very confused wondering which one of these girls is the young clinton and where 's her husband . 
  mariomaker is pretty decent , it just needs a way to mess around with graphics, 
  what machines ? 
  you mean the ones your body is made of ? 
  ( which do n't produce heat , usually ), 
  wow i can tell that this thread will be really good at linguistics, 
  are you kidding ? 
  every modern romance language speaker speaks a descendant of latin , which means more people speak a descendant of latin than speak any other language . 
  that 's like the opposite of getting the shit murdered out of you , it 's every languages 's dream, 
  but it 's the chinese too . 
  there are n't sinitic languages besides mandarin , nooo . 
  the rest are just `` dialects '' of it . 
  also the communists killed our dialects slightly more in hungary , and they managed to suppress a lot of indigenous languages in indochina ... come to think of it , they had the bad luck of being both french and communist . 
  it 's better for dyslexics, 
  that 's still cheaper ; trucks do n't cost $ 250k, 
  oh , that makes sense . 
  i see . 
  ( your body * is * constantly producing heat , but it 's the vast minority of the proteins in your body that produce it . 
  it 's not like everything in your body is producing heat all the time , and your body is just great at dissipating it in space . ), 
  oops , it 's hard to tell . 
  sorry , i 'm usually good at this, 
  just play as pagarruyung and conquer the hre, 
  h and n look kinda too similar , otherwise good job !, 
  i think it 's just one old guy , two panels in one, 
  i do n't understand what is americans ' ( reddit 's ? ), 
  obsession with this . 
  congratulations , you have a job , during which you can poop . 
  yes , if you do n't work , they make less money . 
  why is it important to accomplish this , in particular by pooping ? 
  how does that work exactly ? 
  what do you need for this method ? 
  have i got this list right ? 
  - printer that can do cardstock, 
  - printer ink/toner, 
  - hex cutting template, 
  - x-acto knife or scissors, 
  - if x-acto knife , then cutting mat, 
  if so , the big problem is that my printer ca n't do cardstock ( probably ; the printer bends the paper while printing it , and i doubt that would go over well with cardstock ) . 
  i imagine i could go to a print shop , but that costs extra money . 
  also , toner is expensive . 
  the other problem is i suck at cutting around templates . 
  thank you for the detailed reply . 
  hmm . 
  math . 
  if i want 3.75 `` x3 .25 '' hexes , which is the size sold by makeplayingcards.com and also about the size of catan hexes , then i can fit 10 hexes on a 8.5 `` x11 '' piece of cardstock . 
  ( three rows , two columns , and four hexes in between . ), 
  $ 17 will get you 250 sheets of cardstock at staples ; the smaller denominations are n't worth the money . 
  that 's 2500 hexes , which is plenty . 
  all for $ 17 .
