  but in that case he should n't have made such assertions at all . 
  you 've already called him that . 
  that 's a great idea and it sure sounds like it 'll solve a lot of problems . 
  dave knew nothing about time ? 
  also , you do n't know whether rose knew anything about statistics ... no one 's talked to her about it yet . 
  yes ? 
  what exactly is all that shiny stuff that 's on nasa 's equipment ? 
  please forgive me if i sound ignorant . 
  i 'm just trying to learn . 
  what would happen if you shot equius with ahab 's crosshairs ? 
  nothing much . 
  it was in that conversation in which he told rose a bunch of things . 
  lem me dig it up , because not providing a source is starting to make me feel bad . 
  edit : [ aaaaaaaand here  ( http://www.mspaintadventures.com/?s=6&amp;p=005532 ), 
  [ what would you say if i said a vengeful boy on a path of nihilism was taken under the wings of fearsome angels , and learned to destroy hope with their light ? 
  ] ( / docscratch ), 
  my impression was that * roving mars * is a movie , and he played it on his computer and screenshotted it . 
  after all , there is even a '' ( 2004 ) '' in the name . 
  though , for the sake of the joke i must point out that that was / u/supermanv2 as opposed to this commenter / u/supermanv3 . 
  i think he knows that . 
  [ is it too late to bring this up ] ( http://www.theaxeeffect.com/ ), 
  wait , so what * did * happen ? 
  cool , but could you post a picture of the soundpost ? 
  ( assuming there is one ? 
  not having one and not having it in the right place , just under the e string , is criminal . ), 
  [ it 's almost like there should be a mathematical term for it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simplex ), 
  oh my god i 'm staying as far away from that place as possible, 
  not really , when you do n't think of it as `` light '' but as `` luck '' . 
  that notion is only for people who lack any self-discipline whatsoever . 
  i 'd like to think you 're better than that . 
  how about the * first * humans , not the main humans . 
  but i guess i 'd have to agree , since the beta kids have five acts about them whereas the alpha kids do n't have a whole one yet . 
  i have practically the whole database memorized and i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  why not start working on a gigantic dwarven engineering feat ? 
  build a fucking tower or something . 
  as long as we 're talking about barrels , may i mention rock pots ? 
  probably not just you , seeing as though there is a `` tv tropes will ruin your life '' trope . 
  but i always thought that that 's referring to the amounts of time that some people spend on it . 
  maybe i 'm just too dumb to let the tropes bother me when watching something ? 
  i just do n't think of them . 
  i think i should be . 
  i 've never really understood how you can apply markov chain techniques to language . 
  i mean , i like to stay away from computational linguistics and focus more on syntactics and field linguistics ( the latter is so much fun , you get to meet so many people ) , but this interests me a lot . 
  how do you randomly combine sentence parts and still get somewhat coherent statements ? 
  furthermore , how big is this markov chain ? 
  is the entire text contained in some sort of web , or is it just three to five possibilities that roll with their assigned markers in the text ? 
  no i mean use them instead of barrels , if you 're using barrels . 
  shit . 
  do that . 
  give me one pair . 
  i never said it fixes op 's problem . 
  i 'm just promoting rock pot awareness . 
   hussie never played sburb , and he showed up in vriska 's dream bubble . 
  that 's how he exists in the first place . 
  in dream bubbles . 
  hussie is largely an anomaly . 
  i mean , come on !, 
  he * writes * the thing !, 
   plus , whether or not nanna played sburb depends on if you define her as being a different person to jane in terms of paradox space logistics . 
  she is a different person . 
  it was stated outright that bro never got a dreamself . 
  why would nanna ? 
  i do n't think we need any more self-awareness here . 
  i 'd be glad if everyone just stopped mentioning it . 
  ( that sounded like a terrible thing to say , but honestly , we get it . 
  this is a circlejerk . 
  i do n't need to be reminded of it in every single submission . ), 
  i really doubt it . 
  \\* shrug * i 'm just arguing the point that she does n't have an afterlife . 
  whether that makes her human or not is not really any of my business . 
  shit . 
  yes , that 's it !, 
  the shiny golden brown stuff !, 
  thank you !, 
  i think it has to be pretty cold , too . 
  if all of the mass from the two universes became mass and all of the energy from the two universes became energy , that energy being heat , then that 's still pretty chilly . 
  i would like to ask you a series of useful questions , including your age , gender , taste in music , country of residence , phone number , and other things that are completely remarkable about you . 
  this is more appropriate for tumblr rather than reddit . 
  i 'm sure we can produce a better and more relevant version of this story . 
  but you can still message him to open one for you . 
  wow , this is way too complicated for me . 
  you mean gb ? 
  i thought it was some strange typographical error . 
  it 's interesting to learn of other languages . 
  i mean the whole subreddit . 
  it seems unlikely . 
  does he have dialogue , and if so what is it like ? 
  ( afrokid251 , i 'm not necessarily asking you ; i do n't know whether you play the game or not . ), 
   sadists who are really excited to have found a way to fulfill their sick fantasies without being seen completely immoral, 
  is n't this also what reddit thinks of cops ? 
  that 's pretty ironic . 
  would you suggest an alternative job for them ? 
  in all likelihood , they do this because that 's what their parents and grandparents did , and that 's the only social niche that they can possibly fill . 
  it 's impossible for me , at least , to speculate on another way that they could make money , because i do n't live where they do and know what sorts of opportunities lie there . 
  but then i am obliged not to judge them . 
  but are you sure that there 's something better for them to do ? 
  it would be inappropriate to suggest that they * do n't * kill rhinos if the alternative is that they die themselves . 
   ( by the way , etymological funfact : a byte is 8 bits , so octet comes from the same word as octopus ), 
  : o you insult me .
