  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my life . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself . 
  if someone points a gun at me and i can get out of it without harming them , i 'd prefer to do that over killing them . 
  i consider myself a feminist . 
  i do n't believe in enforced or uniform gender roles ; they may happen naturally , but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally . 
  as in , the societal pressure for gender roles should really go , even if it 'll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord . 
  i treat women with the same outlook i treat men , and never participate in the old reddit `` women are crazy '' circlejerk , because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities . 
  i do n't think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who are n't awesome . 
  that does n't mean i look for places to victimize women , i just do n't believe it 's fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything 's ok when it 's really not ( and that 's a particularly harsh example , because all humans do that ) . 
  i 'm kind of tired of citing these examples and i 'm guessing you 're getting tired of reading them , if you 've even made it this far . 
  in closing , the people who know me in real life all respect me , as do a great many people in the reddit brony community , where i spend most of my time and where i 'm pretty known for being helpful around the community . 
  a lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times , and i spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there . 
  yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was , and that comment was second to the top , so i guess other people agreed ( though , granted , it was a pretty low-traffic post , only about a dozen competing comments ) . 
  and , uh , i 'm a pretty good moderator . 
  all that , and i think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish . 
  so what do you think , now that you at least slightly know me ? 
  wow . 
  how did you find those ? 
  i do n't expect that you just googled `` nail art '' . 
  if you want to buy a good dutch city bike ( two gears ) , it 'll cost you ~ $ 1,300 usd . 
  at least , the last time i looked in a dutch bike catalog , that 's what it said . 
  that 's pretty standard , as far as i know . 
  no one actually reads the ~ 47 sources they cite . 
  edit : what the fuck ? 
  that 's how much it cost me to * rent * one . 
  but you 're probably right . 
  i was talking in terms of new bikes , though . 
  i knew that statistic because i liked their bikes so much that i wanted on for myself . 
  so of course i looked it up , and told myself to forget about it . 
  the final sentence struck me as pretty immature though . 
  `` lol group sex '' is n't a very appropriate remark to make in a paper on differential equations . 
  for the millionth time, 
  go to / r/circlejerkcopypasta and search any part of it, 
  the dude who did this is / u/darqwolff , famous in the brony community for being an argumentative asshole and a sore loser . 
  he posted this deep inside a thread in / r/gaming about ~ ~ an email ~ ~ a * letter * ( an electronic one ) he sent to gabe newell . 
  people started calling him out on his letter being fifty paragraphs about how he 's going to be ceo of google one day , and he started being really immature about it and he eventually spawned this valuable mineral . 
  i 'm sure he 'll grow up one day : he 's only fifteen , after all . 
  but he 's still an example to us all . 
  use a stamp !, 
  ( jk , that 's less authentic ; trick is to get one of those automated signing machines that the president has , that oughtta do it ), 
  huh ? 
  this is now my phone background , replacing an especially colorful part of the eagle nebula after so many ( 1 ? 
  years . 
  good work on this !, 
  also , i brought some more exclamation points in case you need them ; you seem to be using up your supply really quick : !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  however , mostly harmless and see it are still worthwhile . 
  ( i 'm surprised mostly harmless was n't mentioned . 
  google it , it 's great : every page you visit on the internet , it shows in a little box on the top right whether it was submitted to reddit , and if so how many times , and gives you a little frontpage-style breakdown . 
  it of course also adds a submit button in the same breakdown . 
  this is useful not only for finding out whether a submission was crossposted or where the crossposted thread is , but useful to people like me who read online comics , where every new panel has a discussion thread on reddit that i want to visit . 
  i can also find discussion threads for any old panel . 
  it 's also useful but mostly entertaining on wikipedia . 
  practically every article on there was submitted at least once . ), 
  [ nope !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/autopen ), 
  hey , they said `` bodies '' . 
  i take no blame . 
  plus , i 've already heard smbc make a joke about the three-body problem and threesomes , so ... yeah , it 's my fault . 
  dammit !, 
  i do n't think he was being serious . 
  but his username is inexcusable . 
  i wonder if you can replicate things like the miller-urey experiment at home . 
  that would be impressive . 
  gim me that chrome icon . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  that costs , like , hundreds of dollars , though . 
  and it 's hard to use . 
  i 'm looking for something like grapher , but prettier and less na\u00efve . 
  ( tbf i have a pirated version of matlab , but then i need to start up wiiiiiindows ... . . and the mac version only works with rosetta which is n't a thing anymore ), 
  omg , the sburb icon was made with word/powerpoint ? 
  but i guess i 'll just pirate mathematica for my mac , then !, 
  edit : it worked !, 
  oh , haha , just the gradients and borders , i guess . 
  here , i can replicate it in word . 
  brb . 
  edit : [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ic1fl.png ) the shitty six-minute twelve-second version . 
  the glasses are shaped wrong !, 
  the proportions are shitty , though . 
  time to invest a whole lot of money . 
  hussie 's timezone is the one i 'm going by . 
  and on the website , it wo n't be dated `` 11/11/12 '' . 
  some of the things he lists are pretty impossible to teach . 
  hardly anyone really understands mri . 
  dna is basic . 
  quantum mechanics are n't . 
  they were discovered recently , and are 99 % irrelevant to things that we interact with on a daily basis . 
  dna has an active and profound effect on our lives . 
  should we teach highschoolers the metabolism of halophilic archaea for the sake of it ? 
  like ? 
  ( i am prepared to enter into the realm of ... aristotelian physics . ), 
  dammit , i was hoping you 'd be angry at this submission for being really uninteresting . 
  despite how people say you 're an asshole , sometimes you say what none of the rest of us want to say , because we 're too nice . 
  do n't worry , he 's probably using a truncated mean .
