  it 's not necessarily meant to be an accurate portrayal of anything , just a bunch of funny comics based on irl events . 
  since a majority of irl events are precipitated by governments rather than citizens , you 'll find that a majority of the comics will feature the countryballs acting like their governments . 
  we try to keep each character consistent : america has a slightly too big ego , and is not exactly the smartest , but tries to be friendly if he can help it . 
  poland is idealistic , a little naive , and is not bothered by his hardships . 
  sweden has a superiority complex , drinks a lot on weekends , and likes to fight with denmark over who is stronger/richer/more relevant . 
  these are characters , and we like to use them to create stories . 
  the stories may represent reality in some way , but they 're stories , not news reports or history lessons . 
  that said , welcome to / r/polandball !, 
  i hope you enjoyed your stay . 
  you should distinguish your comment , since it 's stating a subreddit policy . 
  yeah , but that 's only if it 's on sleep . 
  if you 're using it , it does n't flash . 
  you said `` romania '' on purpose , right ? 
  has science gone too far ? 
  stick with romania , they 're our arch-enemy . 
  what ... ? 
  okay i hope she knows what she 's doing with this . 
  i thought it was large-scale superposition specifically that he thought was ridiculous . 
  i 'm not sure why , though . 
   if you win $ 1 million , what would you do ? 
   make more websuites !!, 
  please god no, 
  everything on here is a repost . 
  there simply are n't enough chemical reaction gifs on the internet ; it 's not anyone 's fault . 
  they 're really short !, 
  i wish they had implemented procedural generation of puzzles . 
  not as fun without the plot , but still endless puzzle solving . 
  or more likely , call centers lay off the entire workforce often . 
  this looks really hard !, 
  but i commend the effort . 
  no i mean , it 's more likely that it was n't his/her fault , and laying off workers was a thing that would have happened anyways irrelevant to the fact that he/she was there . 
  he 'd look kind of respectable if he had n't written that . 
  i 've had more than one professor with a similar look . 
  i think he 's about 80 % linux nerd , 10 % misc nerd , and 10 % a romantic . 
  what is the capital c for ? 
  she was drawing cylinders for the stems . 
  cylinders are three-dimensional shapes . 
  should be noted that on earth , wan hu * did * explode . 
  idgi . 
  well , you mixed it up with `` posterity '' , unfortunately . 
  irl satellite constellations take into account precession due to general relativity , though , and ksp is classical . 
  she does not look like kebab , more like rosbif , herring , or wurst . 
  i think it was both op . 
  itt : `` if you do n't go up to him and rip his heart out with your bare hands , you 're being a conflict-avoiding pushover . '', 
  well , it 's the arabic alphabet , but a lot of different languages use it . 
  to name a few major ones , arabic ( duh ) , farsi , urdu . 
  could someone pls fill me in on which ? 
  if i had to guess , arabic , but i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  the last letter is `` la '' ( pronounced [ la  ) . 
  by itself , it means `` no '' . 
  great going !, 
  it is both expressive and well-put-together . 
  what is up with her left pupils ? 
  they look a little smudged . 
  totally uncommented !, 
  not good . 
  i want to * see * what he 's doing . 
  buckyballs used to be a thing , great for making geodesic anything , but now they do n't make them . 
  putting hungarians and romanians into the same stadium ? 
  there will be blood . 
  ^ ( at least we do n't have historical revisionists ), 
  when i opened it up , it said `` you 're doing it wrong '' , so i assumed it was a witty statement about not being a lazy coder . 
  you can learn cyrillic easily , because there 's a one-to-one correspondence between letters and phonemes . 
  ( sort of ; there 's letters that encode vowels with [ j ] prepended , but it 's not a big deal . ), 
  welsh is hard because there are rules for which combinations of letters create which sounds , like english . 
  / r/unnecessarygif, 
  you can put the cows in these merry-go-round wheels that milk them . 
  there 's other ways to do it too . 
  i think they meant expensive as in contributing to mass . 
  case in point : see the tsiolkovsky rocket equation . 
  yes , but extreme emotions make you act irrationally . 
  people with no time to play it are definitely another candidate for people who should n't play it . 
  this is what i imagine living in a relativistic universe with a low speed of light is like . 
  not relative to my personal scale of perception . 
  the speed of light might as well be infinite for all i can perceive . 
  i 've heard about it a lot on reddit , but i have no idea how it 's actually * played * or that it was so popular . 
  i guess now i do . 
  if you have n't played `` velocity raptor '' , you might want to ; it 's more sophisticated in terms of gameplay , but less pretty . 
  all i can think of : desert bus . 
  cleaned that up for you :, 
   what if i told you, 
   that statements are independent of the ideology that produced them ? 
  how do you get your hands on anything you can ? 
  i 'd imagine you 'd quickly have tagged all office supplies known to man . 
  that is the strangest arabic font i 've ever seen . 
  it 's really cool-looking though !, 
  vile prescriptivist , get behind me, 
  jeb `` i fly boosters with wings attached '' kerman ? 
  wow ... they are literally the pc gamer master race . 
  op was casting suspicion on the fact that conservatives would have anything good to say , so i think / u/cationbot 's comment was still fairly justified . 
  ^ ( ( someone maybe edit this to homestuck-related form for me ? 
  i always keep my small dog on a leash , but that 's because i 'm afraid of not being able to catch him and also him getting run over . 
  props to / u/rafe !, 
  that poor cassette !, 
  imagine if someone made art with your entrails . 
  ah you are not going to draw the whole gypsy flag with many arms ? 
  ( also i am honored that you consider hungary not of south eastern europe . ), 
  thank you !, 
  that was very helpful !, 
  still a question , how does liquid fuel get stored and how does it get used ?
