  thanks . 
  oh yeah , eventually the body becomes bloated and buoyant . 
  but it could get stuck in the mud/silt at the bottom . 
  kinda ? 
  a lot of things from 2011 are still floating around , being current . 
  like skyrim . 
  it is rotationally symmetric . 
  how would you be able to tell ? 
  and loops that are n't guaranteed to terminate . 
  differently in what way ? 
  it seems like it would be the same . 
  if the flag were backwards , they would be different , but if it 's only upside down , then i do n't see a reason for it to be different . 
  are they slightly different sizes ? 
  edit : wait , i see what is going on here : i am imagining turning an image of the flag upside down , which results in the same image , while you are imagining turning a physical flag upside down . 
  because a physical flag only has holes on one side , you have to turn it backwards as well to be able to fly it that way . 
  i concede the point , then ; in practice , there really would be a difference . 
  ( or you are imagining a vertical reflection while i am imagining a rotation by 180 \u00b0 . ), 
  does it mean georgia as in the country , or as in the us state ? 
  its entry kinda looks like a khachapuri with a sausage stuck in the middle, 
  `` what are my weaknesses ? 
  uh ... black holes ... supernovas ... and chaos . '', 
  there 's freshwater flatfish . 
  no color-changing ones , though , i do n't think, 
  chinese * tech group . 
  * they 're oceanic or something . 
  it could also be a portmanteau of ( - : and :3, 
  that 's a vertical ( or horizontal ) reflection , man , not a rotation . 
  i mean it 's a rotation , but about an axis in the plane of the flag , not an axis perpendicular to the flag like i 'm talking about ( which is the rotation that is commonly meant when one says a 2d image is upside-down ) . 
  but again it 's a moot point because it does n't have holes on the other side , so you can only fly it vertically reflected , not truly upside-down . 
  hence why the french flag really would look the same if you flew it `` upside-down '' . 
  7 mana twisting nether ? 
  deck thinning is much more powerful in hearthstone than e.g. 
  magic because of a smaller deck size . 
  it was one of the reasons secret paladin and mad scientist were so overpowered . 
  it 's in a class with no draw to speak of , though . 
  admittedly it was a really great card to combo with lock n load in lnl hunter . 
  pyroblast , alextrasza , what else ? 
  edit : frost nova , coc , blizzard , but that 's only 5 cards and one of them is technically a neutral card, 
  frostbolt was only buffed afaik, 
  i mean the in-game culture name . 
  but it 's worth noting that basically everyone south and east of taiwan looks like some amount of cross between austronesian and papuan , looking more papuan as you get further east , regardless of whether they 're culturally/linguistically austronesian or not . 
  so they could still totally be austronesians , even if they looked mostly papuan . 
  edit : also in makassar they 've got a script that is very similar-looking to baybayin , which makes me think that spice islanders are generally austronesians . 
  but wikipedia can tell us for sure, 
  edit 2 : color me surprised , the ternate language is west papuan !, 
   as a mechanical engineer i thought it is only fitting that i should have a mechanical watch . 
  hmmm . 
  i am a protein engineer . 
  i wonder what the hell a protein watch is and how to obtain one . 
  hah , it is sometimes difficult to remember that the general public associates proteins with bodybuilding . 
  i was thinkin more along the lines of some kinda biomems device with cyanobacteria trapped in it ( or just their kai proteins , which [ apparently ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/15831759 ) can pull off the clock behavior when isolated * in vitro * ) . 
  probably would n't even be the most frivolous application of biomems out there . 
  thank you for the suggestion , though . 
  and some other stuff like aluminum, 
  the `` earth and moon '' label in the second diagram is a little confusing . 
  it took some thinking before i realized that it probably means `` earth 's moon ( from earth ) '' , and i 'm still not totally positive . 
  otherwise , those are some really nice diagrams . 
  you do n't know for sure , but you should always assume cards do what they say they do unless shown otherwise , since that 's usually what they do, 
  to be fair , the moon is pretty far away . 
  look at the jupiter system for comparison . 
  their full name may sound impressive but really they 're just small , flat pieces of plastic with very tiny tubes in em, 
  handlock and renolock are the same deck in spirit : a control warlock that runs cards that synergize with its hero power and survives by playing large taunts and large heals ( rip healbot ) . 
  it 's more like when running reno became worth it in handlock , they adapted and started running it , which had a large impact on the decklist , since they could no longer run two-ofs of their key cards . 
  renolock is best understood as the subspecies of handlock that dominated when reno was in the meta . 
  i mean , where are you going to find demons in un ` goro ? 
  you 're not allowed to use four letters in a row , only up to three !, 
  edit : further up though it is confirmed that it 's only strings of letters or numbers that are next to each other in the alphabet that are prohibited , not strings of 4 + length in general, 
  the game keeps track of a bunch of characters . 
  characters are nobles of every variety , but also their family , their lovers , imprisoned bastard children , etc. 
  horses of nobles are characters . 
  there 's a chance for this event to happen where a character is seduced by some other character meeting a certain set of criteria . 
  for some reason a horse met this set of criteria and the event happened with the horse . 
  it 's possible that this is because of a carelessly written mod ; i 'm not intimately familiar with the game myself . 
  spooooky dialects !, 
  only the one true dialect must remain !, 
  which is ... whatever they speak on the weather channel , i dunno, 
  you 're hiding from them because you 're afraid to make small talk with them, 
  well shit , and the opening was rock solid all the way until that point, 
  the pack is very large, 
  not sure i 've heard anything from haydn i 've ever enjoyed . 
  his late baroque-era stuff is alright because i 'm a sucker for the baroque style in general , but most of his work bores me to tears . 
  that was already mentioned in the post they replied to . 
  more data is always better, 
  secret mage !, 
  and devolve, 
  finally , rogue gets a playable weapon, 
  horizontal version painful to view in browser . 
  can we get diagonal version instead ? 
  the real problem with taunt warrior is it 's boring as hell . 
  curvestone into coin flips . 
  make it 8 health a la akb and it 's more balanced . 
  `` can not be taunted '' is unnecessary when umbra exists anyway . 
  the patience is waiting for her to become a good card . 
  it 'll happen eventually . 
  or renolock . 
  oh , man , renolock * kills * in wild . 
  pyros is kind of terrible though , especially compared to tirion, 
  edit : sorry guys , obviously he was talking about the legendary minion [ [ wild pyromancer ] ], 
  that 's not a legendary . 
  a secret mage decklist running pyroblast is still a deck without legendaries .
