  everyone * could do with him in their lives . 
  how so ? 
  i see that my previous statement made me sound arrogant , but i assure you , i recognize that i as well could do with more of christ in my life . 
  i was not judging anyone ; it 's just a simple truth : christ saves . 
  i know . 
  i mean in terms of easily accessible language . 
  ( i have n't read the whole thing , but who has ? ), 
  you 're spending too much time here , then !, 
  i promise not to contribute to any more `` theme '' threads ( like pun threads , song threads , `` as an npc , it seems to be in my program to upvote this '' threads , data structure threads , etc. ), 
  in this subreddit . 
  ( or in general . 
  i usually dislike them . 
  i liked this one because it was relatively original . ), 
  are they common here ? 
  wow . 
  how much of the references are you able to get ? 
  i ca n't imagine many people have read the new science alone , let alone much of anything else that the author incorporated into his work . 
  i 'm not exactly on top of 1939 pop culture . 
  it 's a lot like homestuck in that if you do n't know a whole lot of that from that time , then you 'll be missing out on a lot of the literary content . 
  the difference is that homestuck tries to make things as easy to interpret as possible for the reader , while finnegan 's wake revels much more openly in the incomprehensibility of the piece . 
  i 'm so sorry !, 
  i forgot that i am not on / r/homestuck . 
  eh , homestuck is a sort of webcomic still in writing that employs an additional variety of media , such as complex flash animations and walkaround games . 
  it 's essentially linear in the order that you 're supposed to read things , and not that long to get through ( 50-60 hours is probably normal ) , but it 's very , very nonlinear in plot ( due to the time-nonlinear multi-universe models that it uses ) , so it 's often hard to comprehend . 
  it 's also full of pop culture references , and uses very weird narrative techniques . 
  [ i mean , take a look at the latest page . 
  ] ( http://www.mspaintadventures.com/?s=6&amp;p=007377 ) why does the narration text from the comic exist inside the comic ? 
  i have no fucking clue , and it 'll become apparent soon . 
  that 's okay !, 
  i have nothing against you . 
  surprisingly enough , shift-key tap with caps-lock does n't work on macs ( not mine , at least ) . 
  i do n't know why ; it 's ridiculous . 
  what , you * care * about karma ? 
  i knew it . 
  yes , but i never read the pesterlogs . 
  it ca n't be faygo , it 's been confirmed to taste terrible . 
  she ( edit : i mean kanaya , sorry ) has the code for the matriorb anyway . 
  it just costs incomprehensible amounts of grist . 
  gullible much ? 
  but i 'm posting in the update thread of the latest update . 
  this needs to be a copypasta . 
  your observatory was the reason we had hurricane sandy ? 
  damn you !, 
  dat broom . 
  doc scratch had better look out . 
  it 's like a skateboard , but longer and differently shaped . 
  i do n't understand the purpose of this comment . 
  ( no offense to anyone . ), 
  no , both skateboards and longboards are socially acceptable things to use . 
  they get used for different purposes . 
  i never said longboards look silly ; all of them are shaped like that , with exceptions . 
  what is this referencing ? 
  which only works if you interpret it with mituna 's quirk . 
   no , i have read whistles : the starlight calliope though . 
  while this is n't very pedantic , because that is sort of a significant fuckup to make when talking about the work , you could have been nicer about it . 
  only jerks talk like they did n't understand what you were talking about when you made the mistake . 
  the rest of your comment is n't very helpful , either . 
  comparing and contrasting different works by the same author can be useful in gaining insight into both works , and it 's reasonable to assume that this may be applied here . 
  hussie 's style is very distinctive . 
  dae being a 9 year old ? 
  what actually is the incidence of fordyce spots ? 
  i have n't taken a look at anyone else 's penis ever , so i have no way of knowing . 
  [ theodore gray ] ( http://www.theodoregray.com/ ) has already done this . 
  you should take tips from him ; his journey is very , very well-documented . 
  years . 
  a circlejerk is to a single instance of agreeing as a hurricane is to a thunderstorm . 
  sort of . 
  whoops . 
  i meant kanaya has the code for the matriorb . 
  which she has stated she does . 
  but if you 're self-conscious , then why do n't you try to improve yourself ... 
  but overclocking ... if i remove the rest , does it still not qualify ? 
  that sounds like a good idea . 
  how do i have grub as my bootloader ? 
  whoa , i did n't even know matlab did that . 
  thanks for the info on sc2 as well !, 
  okay . 
  sticky-keys is a windows thing , though , is n't it ? 
  i remember my various gaming endeavors getting foiled by it after i pressed the shift key one two many times in a row . 
  huh . 
  god knows why i 'd want that always on , but it 's still useful to know . 
  ooh , thanks !, 
  this is very helpful !, 
  * yes . 
  * please do that . 
  it would be so wonderful !, 
  the first expansion that i 'm looking into is exactly the bt-1284u , on which i found an excellent deal on ebay . 
  i 'm sure indie documentation is the best source on these sorts of things . 
  i do n't understand . 
  did it blow your mind that trigonometric functions are periodic ? 
  that there is no highest or lowest number ? 
  if not , what makes this different ? 
  `` forever '' is one of the first concepts ever that we learn . 
  m , i do n't remember exactly when ; i 'm pretty sure it 's the first time kanaya talks to rose after eridan blows up the orb . 
  wow , you have a recursive array pull there !, 
  i have to remember that technique . 
  #include < stdio.h , 
  int main ( ) {, 
  for ( int i = 7 ; i < = 163 ; i + + ), 
  sorry , could n't resist to see how fast i could do it .
