  ( that said , what is this about mac & cheese ? 
  and i ca n't believe how accurate that spongebob one is ... ), 
  no , there 's a really huge number of uninteresting ones . 
  for example , all of the moons of the gas and ice giants too small to see . 
  ( really , glorified asteroids and meteoroids ), 
  edit : and , anyway , the point is , interesting * to look at * , not to consider, 
  it 's a pretty good quiz but i think the `` gypsy '' examples are a bit too shoehorned . 
  the problem is , nearly * everyone * hates gypsies so you do n't find as many varied and especially long posts about it , and since it 's a quiz to show that reddit is racist of course you 're always going to pick reddit . 
  they 're * the * impoverished minority in most of europe ( especially going eastward ) . 
  they 're thought of as very trashy and uneducated and immoral and generally terrible taxpayer-money-stealing people on welfare who you do n't want in your country . 
  imagine every bad stereotype about every minority in america , and mash them together . 
  while the stereotypes may be true to an extent , the problem is few people are reaching out and trying to help ; instead , most people jump on the `` deport them '' bandwagon . 
  in my country , hungary , we have a radical right that wants to ... 
  i think at some point they said they wanted to exterminate them , but i 'm not sure anymore , i do n't follow politics too closely . 
  the crazy thing is a significant number of people are on board with them ; last year they got about a third of the votes for parliament . 
  well , i mean , nearly everyone who has a reason to care about them . 
  americans do n't hate gypsies because there are no gypsies in america . 
  his videos are n't * incredibly * bad ; at least you get to see the viral videos of the week . 
  now his music , his music is terrible, 
  right , but i would n't think anyone in europe would try being literally hitler in 2013 . 
  sure , but how many random people off of the street do you have to ask about gypsies before one of them has a positive opinion ? 
  if it 's 10 or more , i 'd say that 's almost everyone . 
  understand , i come from hungary ; you can ask 50 people and not get anywhere . 
  i 'm not sure how it is in other countries but judging by what people say on reddit the situation is not much more favorable . 
  no , that would force them to lose the votes of the people who might swing either way . 
  and anyway , you do n't win points in hungary with social justice . 
  `` you 're defending * gypsies ? 
  * '' instead they focus on the economy . 
  edit : it 's like telling the us government to spend less on the military . 
  hmm , unfortunately i was n't able to find any comprehensive polls , but apparently [ 2/3 of polled people in hungary would n't let their child be friends with a roma child ] ( http://globalpublicsquare.blogs.cnn.com/2013/01/18/hungarys-alarming-climate-of-intolerance/ ) . 
  okay , that 's lower than i thought . 
  although , imagine what that says about the people in general !, 
  unfortunately information is sparser on other countries ; they 're not quite as well known for racism . 
  [ 68 % of italians want to deport gypsies , ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2008/may/17/italy ) however . 
  recently i 've heard non-regulatory , non-rna coding , non-protein coding dna called junk , which is an improvement . 
  do n't forget syncytin !, 
  i like being a placental mammal . 
  but my handwriting is horrible . 
  i 'd prefer the typewriter . 
  what i mean is , hungary is racist , but not * that * racist . 
  the `` the things hitler did is terrible '' idea still resounds strongly . 
  actually we made holocaust denial illegal not long ago , which is kind of funny . 
  if someone started being literally hitler , they would n't be very popular . 
  usually when asked about gypsies , you get , `` gypsies are terrible ! '', 
  but when you talk about * exterminating * the gypsies , i think the `` but that 's what hitler did ! '', 
  response would overpower the other one . 
  hungary has the greatest potential for racism-fueled crimes against humanity in europe , but i think we 're moving in a positive direction , social justice-wise . 
  the new generation likes the idea of being progressive . 
  our government , though , unfortunately , is moving in a strictly negative direction , but it 's more to do with freedom ( the most powerful party wants to permanently take over the government ; thank god they 're not the white supremacist one ) . 
  then again i ca n't remember the last time i heard anyone say , `` wow , the government just keeps getting better and better , does n't it ? '', 
  about any government . 
  by the way , there will be an introduction to epigenetics course on coursera next year . 
  worth signing up for . 
  yeah , but i want to see the clouds . 
  i just blasted the sequence , and there are 140 hits . 
  i was able to teach my milennial little sister how to torrent , and now she knows more about it it than me ( she 's 12 ) . 
  do n't knock 'em . 
  some people have livememe and other meme services blocked , or ca n't risk looking at easily identifiable image macros in the line of sight of other people ( e.g. 
  their pi ) . 
  captionbot makes it available to them without having to leave reddit . 
  i must be missing something ... what 's wrong with it ? 
  edit : yours is certainly a better resolution , at least . 
  good , just as they should . 
  holy shit you got screwed over really bad . 
  hopefully you 'll find some other way . 
  i 'd be smiling in the picture , but certainly not laughing . 
  i could also fake a giggle . 
  that 's a lot more than 8 bits ( unless you have only one palette , but what the fuck do you only have one palette for ? 
  how is apple not on that list ? 
  and christ , neurowave is on there ? 
  they are pretty much the most irrelevant company that could be on there that i recognize . 
  wow ... while certainly intense , that 's a great way to end the semester !, 
  open-ended problem solving with a variety of powerful substances at your disposal to solve a very difficult problem is , well , incredibly fun-sounding . 
  like if you took ochem at hogwarts or something . 
  ( show every step though ? 
  really ? 
  with a * mechanism ? 
  edit : wait , i just noticed , `` you can not use a carbon source larger than one carbon atom '' ? 
  nvm this is stupid . 
  three times back to back deadly sin handlers !, 
  oh man , but i do n't support this behavior , because then you get replies like this :, 
   black attempts at history are usually hilariously inaccurate , self centered , and asinine . 
  this one is just beyond dumb ... 
  i 'm not kidding , go look . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it seems like almost tradition . 
  for hundreds of years now practically every political cartoon has been like this , and do n't tell me every political cartoonist in the past few hundred years has been an unimaginative hack . 
  i 'd say i do nothing all the time , but different forms of nothing . 
  i reddit a lot , and that 's doing nothing because it does n't contribute to my growth as a person . 
  i 'm doing nothing * interesting . 
  * i also do nothing but think for long periods of time , and that 's also doing nothing , because i 'm not learning about the outside world . 
  i 'm doing nothing * fun . 
  * of course neither of those are really truly nothing , but they 're nothing from the perspective that i 'm not engaged and learning . 
  i 'm not any happier for them . 
  i only feel like i 'm getting something out if being alive if i 'm enjoying working on a task or learning ( or doing something else fun ) . 
  what would you want outside of potatoes , ~ ~ eggs and noodles ~ ~ ? 
  paper mario : 1ky door and ssb : melee and that 's it . 
  captain obvious, 
  i 've heard that comparison before . 
  where ?
