  it is in common enough use to have it be official . 
  english needs some kind of official reviewing committee like french , that gets together every period of time and makes universal , well-thought-out modifications to the language . 
  it only makes sense . 
  it means that it turns a 3d abstraction into a 2d image . 
  minecraft is also doing this as it runs , but its goals , making an interactive game world that changes as the unpredictable player changes it , makes for less good-quality renders than an application for designing 3d dioramas ( like maya or blender ) , because it wants to use less processing power on the fly . 
  if you 're trying to render a still image , you can make it much fancier by baking it for a longer amount of time . 
  there are several programs for making 3d stills or animations ; a popular free one is blender , used by many people to create 3d objects , while a much costlier one would be maya or houdini or cobalt ( that last one costs $ 3000 ) , the difference being like the difference between gimp and photoshop . 
  originally you would have to find an application that exported the minecraft world to a 3d file usable by one of those rendering applications , but chunky ( i believe ; i have n't used it myself ) takes a world file and straight out of it pops a 2d render . 
  you mean cooling my computer with a river ? 
  i do n't have enough money for the copper coil . 
  eh , you 're putting too much thought into it . 
  the vast majority of people over the internet only have as much power over you as you let them ; they ca n't actually affect anything that 's real . 
  if anything , they 're a good way to learn not to be attached to anything with no practical value . 
  or vendetta , although that has less players . 
  ahahah , you guys . 
  i ` mma join this negative karma train . 
  karma helps me forget, 
  damn , that is some nice design . 
  i like you . 
  hmm , i usually do the opposite , just kinda keep smiling , stoner-like . 
  there are few things in life about which i care , and those can only be destroyed by me . 
  so i lead a pretty happy life . 
  video games i find especially hard to care about , so i simultaneously understand and do n't understand your perspective . 
  it seems from your reasoning that i would have to become sad to do so , and i do n't plan on doing that any time soon !, 
  ideally , ever . 
  damn , i should have posted this if i had known that someone was going to post it . 
  i should become better at recognizing reddit material . 
  would n't the harassment only be a problem if it was physical ? 
  otherwise , you could just learn not to care . 
  unless you were ostracized by a great number of people that you see often in real life ; then you might have a problem , because it is socially unacceptable to lack friends , so it 's a self-perpetuating cycle of lower and lower social status . 
  but social status at the probable age that we are discussing is essentially meaningless . 
  again , unless there are physical consequences . 
  i guess my main error in reasoning here is that i do n't understand why people need friends . 
  i have a few , but it 's not like they 're very big deals . 
  i 'm okay alone , as well . 
  i can kiss ass to people who i need favors from when i have to . 
  but a high-schooler/middle-schooler should n't have to do that . 
  so i do n't see why they 'd bother with it at all . 
  but if we do assume the fact that friends are a necessary thing , then i * do * see how internet apathy could have palpable and meaningful repercussions in real life . 
  welp , we all knew what was in * that * particular orb . 
  but why did it have to be in an orb ? 
  because falling to the bottom of a platform thing would have broken a window ? 
  gon na go with this one . 
  i have to agree that this is the best out of any of the other tardis rooms . 
  rivaling it is that one that was only used for , like , one season ( with the modular tardis console in the middle that did n't really look like it did anything ) , but burned down after that so they had to switch back to the old one . 
  not a single one of us . 
  plus jake does n't have a dream self . 
  that 's true . 
  they 'd probably have to be physically close , though . 
  and your deathwish extends to jane as well . 
  they are indestructible tentacles that branch and exert significant kinetic energy , as well as thermal energy . 
  they also emit some amount of electromagnetic radiation in the red spectrum . 
  i do n't know what texture they have , though . 
  i suspect that as you get closer to touching the miles , your heat approaches infinity . 
  as a mac user , i have the privilege to say that you 're spot-on . 
  gog * damn * . 
  seriously dude that 's incredible . 
  i wonder what the computer in which it goes looked like . 
  you should post these as links . 
  i upvoted it because it 's an image and upvoting images feels good, 
  i do n't understand why people are downvoting ? 
  maybe they do n't like the art style ? 
  shoulda showed both `` tails '' to the hood , i 'd say . 
  otherwise good , if a little wrinkly !, 
  actually very wrinkly , totally iron that out . 
  it 'll make it look much more professional . 
  in the meantime i 'll see if i can photoshop it out , just for the lulz . 
  edit : [ okay this was the best i could do . 
  a surface blur would 've made it look stupid . 
  it 's actually better that it 's small , because there 's no room for a huge-ass ship anywhere on that island . 
  are you familiar with / r/entstuck ? 
  cool art btw ; just saying : gamzee ai n't going nowhere . 
  edit : no , now it 's turned into homestuck stoners , which is a thing that is okay . 
  it used to be a subreddit for gamzee . 
  i thought about it , but it does n't seem like it 's the sort of huge-ass ship that could actually be in the ocean . 
  plus , jake 's island does n't have any sea ports ( i think ) , although that 's not really an obstacle . 
  do n't you know that i hate it when people link me to xkcd ? 
  :d i think you probably do . 
  ( but i do n't mind old xkcd that much . ), 
  that 's true . 
  i guess what i mean is that there 's less gamzee than there used to be . 
  [ i hate how this shows in purple for me because i clicked on it once . 
  sorry , we kind of hate fantrolls . 
  especially when they ruin a homestuck thing . 
  i love this . 
  bookmarking it for future use . 
  also vriska is a villain ??? 
  shopping as in photo ? 
  even beginning the joke then saying `` oh fuck it '' or the like is old now . 
  i do n't get why this is so amusing to people . 
  i ca n't even come up with a guess . 
  could someone ( maybe you ) please help me out ? 
  but anyway , it seems that your method is statistically more effective . 
  also reflective shades . 
  * fuchsia ruler , i think you wanted to say, 
  anbroids v2 .0 and trepidation sound excellent together . 
  first , start up anbroids in one tab , let it go for a bit , then open another tab and start up trepidation . 
  they * rock * . 
  / r/mcservers, 
  you 're the one who 's `` broken '' , fuckface .
