  willy wonka 's magical elevator . 
  hogwarts did n't have any elevators . 
  edit : the ministry of magic , however , does , but they 're not very magic . 
  they are literally called `` symbols '' . 
  they are totally fine . 
  probably aluminum, 
  hey . 
  your variant flag looks approximately like our dirt-old flag . 
  it just has a different shape . 
  fuck that nsfw label was way too tiny to see . 
  it looked like the little numbers that show up next to links anyway thanks to res . 
  - it 's not very statistically significant . 
  assuming hussie had the arrangement of the beta kids ' planets to work with as a given ( does n't matter anyway , the problem reduces by symmetry ) , then there are 24 different ways in which he could have arranged the alpha kids ' planets . 
  2 of these would have put everyone next to their respective dancestors . 
  2 of these would have put everyone next to their dancestors except roxy , and in general 8 of them put everyone next to their dancestors except for one person . 
  1/12 is right at the cusp of what we call `` weak evidence '' : it supports the idea that hussie did not do it accidentally , but not very much . 
  although , i think the initial probability of him putting it into a pattern is pretty high , since people , especially hussie , like patterns . 
  even if he did do it deliberately , though , then you still have to factor in the probability that it was meant to express a distance in the relationship between rose and roxy . 
  there 's a lot of other reasons he could have done it . 
  - hussie had lots of motives when choosing the classes and aspects , so this is n't great evidence . 
  on the other hand , they are directly opposed to each other ( although void has been shown as having powers not only to do with information but , like , actual void as well , so not total opposites ) . 
  i think this is the strongest piece of evidence you have supporting you . 
  - this is a very intriguing issue but there 's still a lot of other things it could mean than a distance in their relationships . 
  i think it 's most likely that it has to do with feferi 's blood , rather than their relationship . 
  i 'd categorize it as another piece of weak evidence . 
  - ( this was already covered elsewhere in the thread ), 
  i do n't think it 's particularly likely that they 'll fail to connect . 
  - what 's a festival circuit ? 
  - who 's dj snake ? 
  in hungary , `` r\u00e1ntott h\u00fas '' , that is , `` friednbreaded meat '' . 
  ( i think we got it from you , but it 's not exactly hard to come up with it , so maybe we did n't . ), 
  i did n't understand it , because the regex did n't match . 
  it 's like we 've never even invented dirigibles before, 
  op could 've made the title not `` i love you google '' , though . 
  ( loop ( print ( eval ( read ) ) ) ), 
  a repl is n't implementing a lisp , now ? 
  no way , it sounds like cars rushing past you in a race . 
  but if you just lie on your back , you float ... 
  baroque performance sounds similar to what you are talking about , and no one does it better than il giardino armonico . 
  the best demonstration , i think , is how they do [ vivaldi 's `` winter '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-mkf4rrvsi ) . 
  it 's 3d . 
  that makes it automatically not . 
  japanese suicide, 
  i think that was the point of the original model . 
  so , luxembourg is like monaco ? 
  depoliticization . 
  the higher-ups were tired of protests . 
  that 's true . 
  one can still admire it for its brevity , though . 
  how fundamental can you go , though , before you implement functions as themselves ? 
  ( defun my-eval ( expression ), 
  ( let ( ( command ( car expression ) ), 
  ( args ( cdr expression ) ) ), 
  ( cond, 
  ( ( eq command ` car ), 
  see ? 
  this is how satellites should be represented !, 
  i really like this representation and i 'd like to see its continued use in the future . 
  lol , wales can almost into roche limit soon ... also , the planetary core is london . 
  highly elliptic orbit would be worse , i think . 
  normally you 're supposed burn for escape when you are closest to the body , but i 'll bet england would try and slow scotland back down when its orbit wavers close !, 
  only $ 1800 for something so priceless ? 
  man i wish i were there and were n't broke . . 
  where 's the music from ? 
  the trick is to be a first grader when you are memorizing it for the first time . 
  technically true , but the reality is that the further out a circular orbit is , the less dv you need to escape it . 
  there 's even the upshot that you can make the escape burn whenever you want . 
  there is virtually no difference between a circular orbit 10m km out and an orbit with a 10m km periapsis and a 20m km apoapsis , in terms of dv required to escape at any point ( unless you 're like orbiting russia or something ) . 
  in fact , a 10m km circular orbit is better than any elliptical orbit with an apoapsis of less than 10m km , except if you 're trying to exploit the oberth effect . 
  edit : i just realized , i just did the same wall-of-text thing to you that i told someone not to do a while ago !, 
  to atone , i made you this comic . 
  yeah , but when are we holding the energy constant across a lot of different orbits anyway ? 
  :p `` assume scotland has 10 ^ 28 j of kinetic energy with respect to the reference frame of england ... '', 
  also damn you did n't see my comic in the previous comment . 
  too quick for me ... 
  that 's like saying , `` in a marxist utopia , nobody is more privileged than anybody else ! '', 
  the singing made it . 
  we need more of that . 
  yes it is . 
  you can get arbitrarily close to but never quite * get * a totally circular orbit . 
  in the same way , have you ever * tried * building a society where everyone 's equal ? 
  come on , do n't be sad antarctica , any decent polyhedral projection will get you in one piece !, 
  i 'm kind of sad google maps still uses the mercator projection . 
  the point is that it preserves angles , so even if you live really far north or south your streets will still intersect the right way and so navigation is easy , but why not just make it goode homolosine or something at large levels and have it switch to mercator on smaller levels ? 
  why 'd you bother with assuming a circular orbit if you can just get the pe and ap measurements yourself ? 
  you can think to yourself , `` well , i 'm going roughly in a circular orbit , '' but it wo n't make it exactly circular . 
  horribly broken ? 
  it 's always worked fine for me . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  elliptical orbits are totally newtonian . 
  the only thing einstein added was precession . 
  kepler 's laws follow directly from newton 's laws . 
  jesus christ dude , from the [ same page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kepler%27s_laws_of_planetary_motion#planetary_acceleration ) :, 
   as the planets have small masses compared to that of the sun , the orbits conform to kepler 's laws approximately . 
  newton 's model improves upon kepler 's model and fits actual observations more accurately . 
  ( see two-body problem ) . 
  kepler 's laws predict the motions of the smaller body accurately . 
  newton 's laws predict the motions of * both * bodies accurately . 
  what do you think happens to an orbiting object under newtonian mechanics , then , anyway ? 
  what if i start out at the iss and then accelerate prograde to twice its velocity , then , according to newtonian mechanics ?
