  yeah , i really like gauss , newton , curie , r\u00f6ntgen , pascal , bohr , hubble ... a few of them . 
  but some of them are downright horrible . 
  planck , bose , and rubin come to mind . 
  you could do it with hyperedit , i think . 
  i 've never messed around with the planet editor , not yet . 
  either supercooled water , or water supersaturated with something . 
  not enough . 
  you 'd probably need more dv than for eve . 
  irrelevant , ksp is n't relativistic , it 's newtonian . 
  duna is a point attractor of a particular magnitude . 
  the only question is whether he has * enough * \u0394v to climb out of the well . 
  escape velocity depends on height , and at a height near zero it must be annoyingly large . 
  in ksp you can make your velocity arbitrarily large , however . 
  while c is a ridiculous amount of \u0394v to have , it remains that in a newtonian universe you can theoretically escape any gravity well . 
  well , even if we got past the twr problem , no way you could pack that much \u0394v into a craft in ksp . 
  :p imagine that scene from the matrix , but neo says `` mods '' instead of `` guns '' . 
  i think the ksp interstellar warp drive might do it , although that one probably does n't work with conventional ksp physics anyway ( sets velocity to a number , instead of exerting a force ) . 
  idea to empirically test this : see if one can reach eve escape with it and unbreakable joints and parts enabled . 
  if it 's a constant velocity , its speed should be the same throughout the ascent . 
  if it 's a force , then the ship should be compressed to a pulp and should slow down while it 's in the atmosphere . 
  for the millionth time , * it 's fun . 
  * also i want to find clams . 
  why ? 
  it 's like a name tag , an identifier tag . 
  my iphone has `` iphone '' written on it . 
  ^ ( ( i 'm not serious ) ^ ), 
  hmm ... 
  i 'd go where red went and at the lower node that touches three wood tiles . 
  then i 'd scramble for the grain tiles . 
  you could do it aboveground . 
  it only becomes a problem if you 're underwater . 
  why ever would you want to ? 
  an air tank holds a lot more . 
  same here ( hungarian , but my younger siblings all grew up in the us and they can read them , too ), 
  it would read only numerals that were phonetically non-viable in english , and were n't commonly-known acronyms . 
  it would do xx , but not ix ; dcc but not dc or cd . 
  [ telling brachiators the rules ] ( #green - text ), 
  the number they gave for naruto , first , was 858 factorial . 
  somebody misremembered their math !, 
  ( including the person who came up with the equation later ), 
  those americans are beautifully drawn . 
  well , there 's also text-based adventure games , and adventure games you control with keyboard presses . 
  i would n't mind a text-based adventure , actually ... after all , that 's sort of what mspa started as . 
  luh-zhah-druh , roughly, 
  mods , please give me new flair, 
  that one was fine , except for ... papyrus . 
  thanks , but it was n't suborbital . 
  it was just really really low . 
   him, 
  a little less than 20 tons . 
  i think maybe 18 ? 
  one should be able to do a lot better . 
  [ hardmode complete for the `` eve and back '' challenge from a while ago . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/s01p8 ) coming soon : this challenge with eve . 
  i would like my flair to change to the eve one . 
  wow , if this only deserves 48 points then my eve mission deserves less than 10 . 
  seriously superb job here . 
  did you have too much trouble with the triple docking ports ? 
   what altitude did you land at on eve ? 
  beats me . 
  probably somewhere around 3.7 km . 
  it 's incredible that i do n't have a picture of it . 
   i wonder if the `` abort sequence '' at the end would 've gone better inside the atmosphere . 
  that * was * inside the atmosphere . 
  t4 phages do n't infect white blood cells , or any eukaryotic cells at all, 
  the cytoplasm is much more crowded than that ( this error is excusable ), 
  actin filaments are way larger than that dna strand, 
  t4 is not lysogenic, 
  not an error , but the particulars of the dna copying and transcription are waved away, 
  proteins do not appear out of thin air , rather are made by ribosomes from amino acids, 
  the t4 capsid does not assemble around the dna ; the capsid is built first , and the dna is inserted after, 
  not sure if this goes under `` t4 is not lysogenic '' , but its dna does n't get copied during cell division ; the virus reproduces before the cell cycle even ends, 
  that 's awesome . 
  i 'd totally explore that place . 
  altitude was somewhere above 2.7 km . 
  i think it was 3.3 or 3.4 or so km , but i ca n't be sure at all . 
  i * have * an imgur account , just for some reason when i click `` add or remove images '' no images show up . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that i uploaded the images before i was logged in . 
  then i realized i was n't logged in , and logged in , and clicked `` create album '' . 
  now , when i click `` add or remove images '' , the place where all the images are supposed to be has no images . 
  whatever , worrying about it is more trouble than it 's worth . 
  i can normally add or remove images for other albums . 
  this could be good advertisement for the joint reinforcement mod . 
  show a `` before '' picture and an `` after '' picture . 
  maybe even model it on viagra commercials ? 
  he 's not doing flairs right now . 
   for my colon, 
  you have to reach over all the stuff on the stove to control it . 
  the alternative , `` cream crate '' , is n't too much of a better name , is it ? 
  the average ordinary flower pot is plastic , is n't it ? 
  edit : for the first ten google images results for `` flower pot '' , four seem to be unglazed ceramic , one seems to be ambiguously glazed or unglazed ceramic , three seem to be glazed ceramic , one seems to be ambiguously glazed or plastic , and one seems to be plastic . 
  fair enough . 
  what was the joke ? 
  i understand if you ca n't remember . 
  ( and shitty internet , but hopefully infrastructure does n't go away with occupation ), 
  i think there is a sweet spot in effort . 
  make the comic really detailed and high-effort , and it skyrockets . 
  make it * too * long , and it ca n't hold the attention of the voterbase for long enough for a lot of them to vote . 
  just look at the top 50 !, 
  the longest comic there is your `` being dependable '' , and it 's a short story compared to this post 's novel .
