  actually it sounds like a big waste of time , like posting this comment was . 
  let 's trade accuracy for cheap entertainment !, 
  surely nobody actually has this misconception !, 
  are you saying that you have done studies on test subjects ? 
  can i have your statistics ? 
  i 'm interested in them . 
  man , i did n't know that pirates even had a justification . 
  how do you fight corporation corruption with piracy ? 
  wait , what do you * learn * , then ? 
  is it customary to learn derivatives before limits where you 're from ? 
  i 'd want to know , too . 
  i do know that . 
  i 've just found that people do n't usually look at urls . 
  if he was referring to # 28 , ahahaha i have no talent for art whatsoever , i feel dirty for even accidentally taking credit for that work of art . 
   indeed it is not . 
  we are discussing your beliefs , not your penis . 
  okay , just making a disclaimer that i lack firsthand evidence for either side . 
  you * accept the results of one study * because of confirmation bias . 
   you believe male genial mutilation to be non-harmful ( while accepting that female genital mutilation * is * harmful ) because you know many others that believe it so , and that consensus is accepted as evidence by a poorly `` designed '' function of your brain . 
  i do n't question any studies whatsoever , unless they are very outspoken ( practically every other study done on the matter contradicts it ) , very untrustworthy ( this lab/researcher/research team has a history of producing falsified studies ) , or very doubtful ( as in , contradicting fundamental physical laws , like `` neutrinos are somehow suddenly traveling faster than light '' ) . 
  at a glance , [ supporting ] ( http://sti.bmj.com/content/74/5/368.short ) [ studies ] ( http://circumcisioninformation.com/halperin_bailey.html ) do n't appear to be any of these three . 
  i therefore believe the studies . 
   yipe . 
  i 'm not in favour of cutting bits off any infants . 
  i tend to assume that bits should left on infants unless an airtight , compelling medical necessity for removing them is clearly shown . 
  good to hear . 
  / r/circlebroke assumed otherwise ( which is how i got to your comment in the first place ) . 
  i suspect it played a role in the massive amount of downvotes you got . 
   so you 're against male genital mutilation ? 
  only if the pain outweighs the benefits , which it does n't seem to do . 
  personally , i would n't like to get circumcised , as i am somewhat of a coward when it comes to pain , and i believe that i compensate for lack of circumcision by practicing good hygiene , but i am not against others doing it , given that it is a logical thing to do . 
  again , i must stress that i lack firsthand evidence , in fact , evidence of many kinds ; i have not seen anyone getting circumcised , nor have i heard anyone tell me stories about being circumcised firsthand . 
  if i did witness circumcision , and it appeared brutal , and the victim would later look back upon it as a very bad and scarring thing , i would probably be against it . 
  most of us might be , actually , if that were the case with circumcision . 
  but since it appears to be of such little consequence that i ca n't even tell who is circumcised , even if i bring up the subject , then it is , in all likelihood indeed of such little consequence . 
  if not even the victims care about it , why should i ? 
  what big range of questions can you ask a bot ? 
  if there are so many , ask them . 
  wow . 
  universe a was destroyed with green sun fire * because of * the death of snowman . 
  the reason snowman 's death kills the universe in the first place is that she struck a deal with lord english . 
  english 's powers come from the green sun , so he vested a portion of them in snowman , so that when she dies , that energy is released , destroying the universe . 
  which is exactly what it looked like in cascade . 
  we 're in / r/circlejerk !, 
  are n't we ? 
  we 're supposed to post idiotic comments that make fun of reddit . 
  mine was idiotic and made fun of the fact that reddit hates minors , and that they think that they are having intellectual discussions most of the time . 
  that 's all !, 
  i really do n't get why i was downvoted . 
  ron paul 2012 !, 
  that was what 's his name ; i think trapped_in_reddit . 
  which second one ? 
  i 'm on a mobile device that i ca n't get to sort by anything other than `` best '' . 
  / r/teens ? 
  ( oh my god i swear i havent found a less mature subreddit ), 
  but if you 've been on reddit , then you 're convinced 9gag is shit , and you do n't like to associate with people than whom you feel superior . 
  it would never work . 
  the `` kidz '' want to think that they are mature . 
  make sure they can be sealed wth a zipper or velcro so that they do n't fall out when you 're sitting down !, 
  we care because we want the defaults to be a place where we can have serious , unbiased discussions , without anyone caring about karma or using reddit as a place to find meaning in their personal lives . 
  but all businesses are * dirty capitalist * businesses if they want our money !, 
  valve is different !, 
  does n't mean we ca n't care about it . 
  ahahaha that 's not the one he was talking about , and you ca n't even tell !, 
  it 's like they 're * all * off of middle schoolers ' facebooks . 
  or at least multiple ones are . 
  ( but seriously the one you listed ca n't be because the spelling and granmar is pretty good ), 
  i like you . 
  you actually make valid criticisms of people , even in a subreddit designed for circlejerking over the rest of reddit . 
  ... except it did n't ? 
  i ` mma go ahead and say no . 
  muphry 's law , except sort of backwards . 
  ( but i did n't say `` perfect '' , because it had a comma splice . ), 
  too many crazy cat ladies . 
  seer , not seer of plots . 
   try and broaden my list of news-based subreddits after removing / r/politics, 
  this is what i 'm trying to do . 
  any suggestions you can make for me ? 
  i never referred to a less mature subreddit , except in that no less mature subreddit existed than / r/teens . 
  i was about to organize a `` default takeover day '' . 
  ( no , really . ), 
  that 's not how electromagnetic fields work . 
  it 's called an inductor : the energy is * stored * in the field , not released . 
  creationist or not , that 's very , very rude . 
  you could part in a friendlier fashion . 
  are you joking ? 
  thank god . 
  downvote revoked . 
  it does n't mean that much to me , either , other than usb ( and look at those three wonderful , pretty-slow connections ! ) . 
  does it mean anything outside of that ? 
  this used to be a thing on typewriters , but in reverse ; no 0 key , just use o. 
  believing there 's nothing wrong with something is psychopathy . 
  lying can be a consequence of this . 
  pathological lying is different , but might overlap . 
  \\ # 12 ... brb , appreciating my protocols . 
  what happened here ? 
  mockery level : facebook, 
  i knew this , but only after i read it on the wiki some time after cascade was posted . 
  where in the story is this made clear ? 
  you strike me as one who is n't subscribed to the defaults .
