  i was thinking the word `` put '' , like as in where do i channel them to . 
  really , sorry about that . 
  thank you !, 
  [ i believe i can get some cobalt-60 here . 
  ] ( http://unitednuclear.com/index.php?main_page=product_info&amp;cpath=2_5&amp;products_id=819 ) now i just need to figure out how many photons this generates per second ... 
  you can use it remotely boil any solution . 
  that 's one thing . 
  or you could use the low-power setting to make lines that you can reflect and measure the distance of et cetera , which is cool in its own right . 
  but really , you have a source of amazing light energy at your disposal , which is most readily convertible into heat energy . 
  make of it what you will !, 
  one thing , though , i 'm not sure you 've heard yet about its primary purpose : you can really easily point out stars with it , constellations especially . 
  it seems that no one else got that reference . 
  :\\ i guess homestuck , for all its large fandom , is less well-known than i thought . 
  probably because it gets , like , no advertisement . 
  i am so hungry for that right now . 
  his walls are still made of some sort of substance that would appropriately reflect his nobility , 99 % probably stone . 
  and it 's not like stone just melts at his touch . 
  in 2003 we still did n't know that neutrinos have mass ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  it 's like saying that it 's wrong for a person to major in particle physics and only take an introductory course in genetics . 
  and of course , we are talking about a very long-lived person who can go back and major in genetics later , so it 's doubly a pointless condition to impose . 
  thank you !, 
  extinction and death bothers me more than anything . 
  and i started writing a long reconciliation for this view with my belief that it was n't wrong to study less genetics than physics , but it took up too much of my time , so i 'm just going to end the comment here . 
  xenon is even heavier than krypton . 
  the reason that jake does n't need a mask on lomax is that the xenon is channeled through those four canals . 
  ( it 's also energized to make it glow . 
  yum . ), 
  ` this `, 
  lately ? 
  i do n't know , her work seemed pretty spot-on , except for one easily-excusable place ( the whole note + the half rest ) . 
  she even got the ones with triplets , and the one with the syncopation matched with the pair of sixteenth notes and a dotted quarter note . 
  it has rounded edges so as to not hurt you . 
  whoever the hell would fall on a drinking straw ? 
  how many more times do we have to see this image ? 
  it 's really great art , and the first time it was posted here , i appreciated it a lot . 
  the second time i saw it here ( i think it was in a wallpaper collection or something ) , i still liked it very much . 
  the third time was some sort of art collection , and it was a few days ago . 
  i * still * took advantage of the opportunity to admire it . 
  but now it 's been posted for a fourth time here and all i could manage was this shitty comment . 
  is there any original art left in the homestuck fandom ? 
  wait , really ? 
  actually , they tried to ship it to us next wednesday . 
  it was a monday . 
  ah , but it has numbers instead of dots ... 
  i like it , mostly , but karkat looks like he has a mustache . 
  now vacuum . 
  newton 's notation was terrible , as was his segregation of differential and integral calculus . 
  i love his method for approximating zeros , though . 
  also the whole `` newton invented calculus before leibnitz '' thing is pretty suspicious to me . 
  newton published after leibnitz , but was all , `` oh i actually invented this several years ago back when i was 16 or something '' . 
  i mean , can you blame me ? 
  so , the difference is one kind of person is excited by either the work put into it or the product that comes out of it ( in my case immortality or something similar ) , and the other kind of person is excited by the secondary product of money and fame ? 
  ah , you are saying this without knowing calculus . 
  once you learn it , i can nearly guarantee that you 'll use it in your daily life . 
  or maybe so you could find it with reddit search , because otherwise it 's impossible because it only searches the title . 
  there 's still a difference between loving your * life * and loving your * job * . 
  you can love your life because you love your job , but loving your job does not necessarily entail that you love your life . 
  ( i 'm not saying this because i fall under only the `` loving one 's job '' criterion , though . 
  i am very happy with my life . ), 
  the majority of my excitement comes from the prospect of everyone being able to live forever . 
  next up are the rest of the good comsequences for humanity . 
  somewhere in between is the fact that i like research ( although my area is only the second or third most exciting research field that i can think of , the other two being particle physics and biology ; directly below mine is astronomy ) . 
  money/fame is below that , since i 'm easily entertained by a simple textbook , video game , or , to a lesser extent , website , and all three of those are fairly cheap hobbies , and so more money would not correlate with a rise in my happiness , and more fame would probably just take away from my free time and make me * less * happy . 
  i 'm pretty sure that such a utilitarian interpretation destroys the `` not wanting fame/money '' thing 's moral status , though , so it 's still up in the air whether i follow the same line of thinking as the people who are only in it for the money . 
  in the end , our utility functions look pretty much the same : we 're both trying to cram as much happiness into our lives as possible . 
  it 's nearly only a coincidence that being able to help everyone makes me happy . 
  and i also get a sort of irrational high from good science . 
  like , i ca n't even explain it . 
  whatever it means , surely it is no indication of my underlying morality . 
  it sounds like a biological sort of thing instead . 
  well , i still have to be * somewhat * sadder than if i * had * accomplished the product first . 
  because , assuming that i have control over the speed at which the research is done , if i only enjoy being in the state of `` researching '' and am indifferent to the product of the research goals , then i am not motivated to also accomplish , which is not optimal for society . 
  to put it mathematically , if accomplishment is a more or less periodic phenomenon whose frequency ( call it a ( t ) ) is directly proportional to the speed of research ( call it dr/dt such that dr/dt = k * a ( t ) ) , and both \u2202 a / \u2202 p = 0 ( where p is my pleasure ) and \u2202 ( dr/dt ) / \u2202 p = 0 , then if i 'm trying to maximize p , then i do not need to maximize a ( t ) or dr/dt . 
  however , if my pleasure grows with accomplishment or the speed of my research , then so does a ( t ) , which is good for society . 
  i 'm talking about the inverse case here , though . 
  you said that the categorical difference is whether it 's true about you that you love your life ( a ) , and you love your job ( b ) , and that the latter implies the former ( c that b -  a ) , or that you love your life ( a ) , and you love the fame/money that comes from your job ( d ) , and the latter implies the former ( e that d -  a ) . 
  what if :, 
  a and c are n't true but b is, 
  a and d are true but e is n't, 
  a and b are true but c is n't, 
  a , b , and d are true but c and e are n't, 
  a and e are true but d is n't, 
  all 5 propositions are true, 
  i 'm guessing 5 does n't fly categorically for you , but notice that i never said anything about b or c in that one . 
  which one are you actually conditioning on , is what i 'm getting at here ? 
  is it a , b , or c ? 
  does d or c exclude you even if b or c are also true ? 
  no wait sorry , i edited in a question . 
  could you please answer ? 
  it 's sort of the whole point of the thread . 
  the `` you -  you and your dog '' one is recursive . 
  ( though afaik the depth of recursion for that ios search and replace is just 1 . ), 
  really ? 
  you had to * tell * us that it was deep ? 
   to marinate on this, 
  the only thing that i can think of that this means is to put some sort of dressing on it to make it taste better . 
  did you mean `` ruminate '' or `` meditate '' or something ? 
  i thought it had to do with the second foundation 's ability to use feels as a weapon , and so you had to attack them on that level , or something . 
  why ?
