  i 'd say 70 % of the time , the first time i play it during a game , both huffer and misha die by my next turn . 
  being able to follow it up with another cotw can swing things back in your favor , and typically the opponent is much worse at removing the second wave , but it 's comparatively rare for me to topdeck it by then . 
  for this very reason , the deck in general is only great vs decks that rely on having a board to be able to remove things , like zoo , and struggles vs midrange-to-control matchups that run a lot of out-of-hand removal . 
  the more controlly the matchup gets , the longer you have to stall to get a value lnl turn that generates you win conditions like cotw and king krush . 
  control warrior , for example , has to be done like this :, 
  - accumulate a bunch of cards , one of which is lnl, 
  - play lnl , use up most of your cards, 
  - play yogg to refill your hand, 
  - play lnl , use up most of your cards again, 
  otherwise the warrior just out-controls you and kills you . 
  and the rng is not in your favor here , although if you dump like 20 spells into lnl then you have a decent chance of getting something good ( more so in standard than wild ) . 
  sorry , you probably do n't care too much about this , lol , but ynl is one of my favorite decks in hearthstone and i love tweaking it and analyzing it to get ladder success . 
  keep playing wild and hopefully i 'll get to point the value machine that is lnl at you someday !, 
  very well-designed . 
  i like this a lot, 
  he 's right though , the crockerberts are slightly more hunched over, 
  are you dense ? 
  that 's * homestruck * , not `` cool and new webcomic '' . 
  there are n't even two letters next to each other that the two have in common !, 
  that 's a historical europe if i 've ever seen one , minus urbino, 
  but ... if your opponent has 10 cards in hand already , how will mulch give them a sylvanas ? 
   you can get an infinite amount , however i 'm not sure if yogg will play more . 
  is 60 a tested max ? 
  as far as i 'm aware , yes . 
   there 's a way , but it requires the yogg swapping sides twice . 
  swap sides  beneath the grounds  swap sides  draw cards . 
  it 'll eventually summon a nerubian after you draw enough cards . 
  i mean most situations , not just the unlikely one where the opponent has a sylvanas on board or in their deck . 
  also , maybe i did n't write it clearly or i 'm failing to infer something here , but what 's the business with the nerubians for ? 
  if you can get yogg to swap sides somehow , you can just use the good ol' innervate   forbidden shaping  evolve combo to get any minion . 
  but the real purpose of wanting to summon your opponent arbitrary minions is giving them sylvanas , so that yogg can swap sides and do things he otherwise would n't have been able to . 
  oops, 
  yeah , the card draw situation sucks . 
  i wish call pet did n't blow so much in ynl , then there 'd actually be a point to using a wild version of the deck . 
  i 've been trying to make a version of the deck that replaces some removal with certain useful minions like finley , azure drake , and harrison jones that can get you card draw , but it 's not complete yet , and it kind of removes the soul of the deck ( `` yogg , thaurissan , elekk , and your 27 favorite hunter spells '' ) . 
  it depends on the length of the game . 
  if i 've had one value turn with lnl , then maybe 15 % of the time i get a cotw . 
  if i 've had two value turns , then the probability increases . 
  i 've had two cotws generated by lnl before , but i 've never gotten to play all four in one game ; either i bottomdecked the ones in my deck , or discarded them through tracking , or the third cotw just made my opponent concede . 
  ancestor 's call is n't in standard :p, 
  edit : also , you do n't need the hijinks with the sylvanas then , mulch  ancestor 's call does the job, 
  not only that , but the bigger the minion is , the less likely yogg is to remove it . 
  every single time , sjow had nearly only minions with 3 or less health . 
  of course those are going to die to a mediocre board clear like yogg . 
  that 's the only kind of board clear he 's even fairly consistent in . 
  try yogging on the fabled brann + 3 x emperor of vek ` lor board , see how many of those it kills . 
  is transylvania your vassal ? 
  then you would truly be the ottomans, 
  yeah . 
  unstable portal  ancestor 's call works , though . 
  there 's a million counters to yogg . 
  also , nobody would just play it by turn 10 onto an empty board ; it 's card draw and a weak board clear . 
  its main counters are :, 
  she is by far the best counter to yogg . 
  she 'll usually die to him , and you 'll get yogg , who will start doing all of the op things for you that yogg is known for . 
  although yogg works similar to a blanket 3 - or 4-damage board clear , he does it in bits and pieces . 
  if you play yogg onto a board where the enemy has patrons , you will have a terrible time . 
  ( flamestrike wrecks patrons , but it 's rare that that specific spell get played . ), 
  - anything that makes yogg cost more . 
  mana wraith in standard , and venture co. . mercenary and the `` battlecry minions cost x more '' guy in wild . 
  - anti-spell minions . 
  they do n't prevent yogg from being played , but they do prevent the opponent from playing spells earlier in the game . 
  unfortunately , not many of these exist in standard anymore . 
  other than that , the strategy to minimize the impact of yogg is to not overcommit on board . 
  this strategy is particularly effective against yogg , as opposed to other board clears , because yogg is not only a board clear , but also card draw . 
  eventually , your opponent will be forced to play yogg anyway to refill their hand , and then you can stop worrying about him . 
  and , well , yogg decks * are * really weak to aggro . 
  it 's just a fact of life . 
  if there 's a lot of yogg decks on ladder , play aggro . 
  it destroys them . 
  they 'll never get to play yogg . 
  it 's like a slightly more reliably good [ [ doom !, 
  yeah , fuck token druid with a thorny stick . 
  * they 're * the problem here . 
  fifty two pence ? 
  yogg druid is just token druid with yogg . 
  try yogg n load !, 
  toss in yogg , thaurissan , elekk , and as many spells as you can fit . 
  no , you see , shamans run a maelstrom portal now , totally different, 
  farming quests obviously, 
  wow , that 's a pretty decent draft actually . 
  not picking bog creeper may have been a mistake , but maybe it would have ruined the curve , i dunno . 
  he got board clears , removal , card draw , value minions ... it 's pretty miraculous actually . 
  see : the above joke, 
  honestly , he should have played around the yogg board clear . 
  it 's a miracle that it did n't remove his entire board ( mostly thanks to yogg having very few spells in him ) . 
  hey , there 's probably an eaglehorn bow or two in there !, 
  what about protect the king  bolster x 2 ? 
  true :p, 
  but it 's still $ 5 , so it 's five of * something *, 
  genius . 
  where can i do this ? 
  ca n't donate blood in the us , sadly . 
  spent too much time in europe, 
  huffer is a spell , though . 
  god dammit you summoned the pasta, 
  what about call of the wild ? 
  play your own yogg , scrub, 
  of course , it 's impossible to plan around board clears and 10-cost minions , this has been known since forever, 
  do n't worry , my team 's got that handled already,
