  well , it is , but as part of the disaccharide . 
   inferring too much, 
  would n't they run out of milk eventually ? 
  ( sort of the equivalent of an overflow error , i guess ), 
  the quiz that i saw as a kid was better-constructed . 
  first , there were some 10 questions ( instructions , actually ) . 
  then there was an instruction without a numeric index , and indented one less than the numeric instructions , and it told you that , `` now that you have finished reading over this quiz , go back and do only problem number 1 . '', 
  it was clear that that instruction was meant to be followed . 
  the one post there is from the google hq . 
  is n't it great ? 
  ( also , yes , it 's been 11 months since it was created , but i never advertised it until now ), 
  i wear them all the time , mostly so i do n't cut my hands . 
  not a children 's coloring book !, 
  worse , i do n't get the joke !, 
  maybe the guy is downwind ? 
  ( or upwind ? 
  i can never get this straight . ), 
  the heat would n't matter so much at that distance ; air is a terrific insulator . 
  i knew that ( i have it , although it 's more of a stammer ) , but now i get it thanks to your post !, 
  the `` s.s. '' in the front makes it look like the person painting the name on the boat began to write `` stuttering '' three times before being able to continue . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : of all the comments i 've written ... 
  i would never have guessed that this is the one that would receive gold . 
  thank you !, 
  ah , then you 've had a different experience than me . 
  i cut my hands numerous times on sharp rock ( never coral ! ), 
  when swimming next to relatively shallow vertical reefs . 
  i guess the solution is to not swim so close , but it did n't ever seem that i was swimming abnormally close . 
  ever since i got gloves , though , ironically , there has n't really been a situation where they 've protected my hands . 
  ^ ( the first time i cut my hands , i was wondering whether the green stuff coming from my hand was blood or algae , and if it was blood , whether it was discolored by a pigment , or by absorbed light . ), 
  you 've got a point . 
  this gets reposted here every now and then , but i think it 's infrequently enough that the list receives an addition or two every time in between . 
  for example , i do n't remember eel slap . 
  well , then he 'll run out of money . 
  ( i wonder how much milk i could get with a credit card until the credit company noticed . ), 
  and then if he tries stealing milk after that , he 'll get caught , eventually , at which point his wife will be notified . 
  after that , depending on the amount of milk he stole , he 'll either be fined , or sent to jail , and then sent home , perhaps on parole . 
  nobody gets jailed for life for stealing milk . 
  if you stop and check what you bit into every time you bite into something when you eat mussels , you 're going to be eating mussels for hours ( assuming you have a full pot ) . 
  that 's funny , i 've never had a problem ( apparently illegally ) acquiring these in the us . 
  then again , i 'll bet most people do n't have any problem illegally acquiring drugs in the us , either . 
  fun fact : a large fraction of these websites are made by the person who compiled them . 
  the first time i saw avatar , i thought it looked wonderful , but every time i saw it afterwards , i thought the effects looked really obvious . 
  it was a great story and a funny joke , but the analysis at the end is sort of bullshit . 
  i ca n't help but wonder how big their sample sizes were , and it 's also covered in correspondence bias ( inferring general personality traits about people from a single event ) . 
  maybe the people who read the whole joke had a lot of time , or liked stories , or were familiar with what happens when you spoil parts of a story for yourself , and the people who read only part of the joke had less time , or got bored of the story because it was n't the kind of story that they liked , and the people who read only a small part of the joke had something urgent to do , or did n't find stories particularly interesting , or did n't feel like reading a story at that time . 
  these are all more likely explanations than that the way that the people behaved when reading the story is the same way they always behave . 
  that 's naive . 
  that said , the prediction at the end was spot-on for me anyway . 
  aaaaagh, 
  aaaaagh, 
  aaaaagh, 
  aaaaagh, 
  sorry , i really do n't like stories about getting hit in the eye with airsoft pellets , much much less pictures !, 
  people have gone blind !, 
  you 've never been bullied very hard , have you ? 
  short works are put in quotes , and long works are put in italics . 
  no italics in the title , so the next best thing : quotes . 
  pretty much 50 % of polandball is made of that stuff . 
  we 've gotten by pretty well without flame wars , thanks to the mod team . 
  i do n't know , i could get behind this costume . 
  although , you should probably never wear this to a wedding , unless it 's very informal . 
  ( fun fact : flint lockwood from * cloudy with a chance of meatballs * wore a shirt like that at the town opening ceremony in the movie . ), 
  the monocle may be taking it too far , though , but it 's good as a gag item . 
  huh , this could probably be rebooted as a modern image macro . 
  anyone here have photoshop cs5 or 6 so they can delete the text and do context fill ? 
  right , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  the outfit is n't bad in and of itself , but it 's not a good choice to wear it to a wedding ( again , depending on the wedding : there 's exceptions ) . 
  hah , i am lucky with my hungarian family . 
  hungarians are very conservative all of the time ( and catholic ) , like the rest of eastern europe . 
  ( also , whatever the opposite of socially progressive is , although that 's gotten better . ), 
  however , fortunately , one of the highest-valued things in our culture is education , due to our main export being mathematicians ( and szent-gy\u00f6rgyi albert ) , so i did n't have to deal with this particular problem . 
  well , there 's the `` give gold '' button , but that 's a little different . 
  you 're right , but you did n't have to use the phrase `` your ignorant ass '' . 
  it 's narrated . 
  hungarian broken . 
  ( but still pretty cool that the different languages produce different styles . ), 
   hard-coded array sizes, 
  beginner c programmer , maybe ? 
  but why ? 
  why is there even art on the cover ? 
  none of my textbooks have art on the cover , only text . 
  where did that come from ? 
  actually , this applies to pretty much every book ever , but especially to textbooks . 
  we already knew that . 
  the point is , we want a number . 
  because he was supposed to be doing something else, 
  latin student here , no idea where that 's supposed to come from . 
  experiment with whitaker 's words if you want : http://archives.nd.edu/words.html, 
  wait , i thought we already knew how na/k/atp-ase worked ages ago . 
  usually the binding sites of proteins are obvious . 
  it 's interesting that we only found out now . 
  you should know better than to ask reddit whether something is racist !, 
  if the only conversational material you get at all ever is from reddit ... 
  i would n't call you pathetic to your face , but man , you 're pathetic . 
  idiot here . 
  that definitely sounds like something i 'd say seriously , if i did n't know that it already existed . 
  it 's not exactly difficult to derive the idea for that kind of program . 
  he might not necessarily know how to get to his house , or he might not like the idea of walking . 
  everything i did , i did for my family !,
