  this is about accurate , although i would n't be one to call it `` stupid '' . 
  maybe then i 'm just an oldfag who ca n't conceive of things another way . 
  he 'd notice something was up , though , if he could n't stack iron with iron ... i 'd just disappearify them . 
  poof , no more diamonds or diamond tools . 
  diamond ore would be smooth stone . 
  i wish you could generate a super flat world with water . 
  this is the best thing ever , even better to try it with legit resources . 
  this is sooooooooo amazing . 
  ( imagine wavy o 's ) i love you guys . 
  you mean do n't downvote . 
  upvote instead . 
  i found this hilarious , but i 'm not sure exactly why it 's funny ; does that mean his team only ever hits fly balls ?? 
  lol 's do n't get karma . 
  gay, 
  oh my god i am choking to death, 
  doing it right : iranians are doing it right, 
  is that the arabic word for `` problem '' ? 
  because that sure as hell ai n't read `` problem '', 
  i can get behind this novelty account . 
  and no , i live 12 hours away by plane from you . 
  i think he just wanted an excuse to chase someone with his sword, 
  this works, 
  except when used in an ironic context , smart one . 
  no one warned me about 4chan ... 
  now i know way more about alchemy than i 'd ever care to, 
  hey , all of those processes sound abstract , but multiplication and projection particularly so . 
  i 'm not in a position to google it right now , so lem me ask : wussit mean ? 
  no , i just do a lot of traveling to and from the usa for no good reason . 
  the plane to newark from germany is 6-8 hours and the plane from there to houston is i 'm guessing 4-6 hours , and the plane between my country and germany is another 2 hours , not counting crap at the airport ( once i missed a plane in d\u00fcsseldorf , shit took 3 hours ) . 
  so i thought a direct flight would be about 12 hours or so . 
  ohkay good . 
  my conscience is now clear, 
  very nice and accurate . 
  i like it !, 
  you do n't have to practice 8h a day . 
  i do n't know about harp , but i understand the analogy with the viola ; no one ever listens to them . 
  ever . 
  this is why the `` can you read notes '' thing is there . 
  harpists at least get a few bright spots . 
  violas will always be not second fiddle , not third fiddle , but viola . 
  oh my god, 
  my eyes, 
  they can not handle this level of spectacularity, 
  i love it . 
  converting my island into this shortly . 
  [ enjoy ] ( http://www.petelevin.com/violajokes.htm ), 
  my favorite one : what 's the difference between a viola player and a dressmaker ? 
  the dressmaker gets paid to tuck up the frills : a viola player ... 
  i do n't know whether that actually works ... also , minecraft already has some pretty nice crinkly fjords . 
  but it 's never too late to make them crinklier . 
  me too . 
  this education system bothers me . 
  my plan for if i strike it rich on the lotto or something is `` retire and become a teacher '' . 
  the problem is , there are so many teachers and gdp is so huge that it 's just impossible to give them all a really good pay ... 
  just like my condoms ... 
  heh , it 's exam week , and i was just about to show it to my friends in our huge amount of spare time , play a game on friday . 
  they have recently become obsessed with civ 5 . 
  wish me luck !, 
  upvoted you , even though i 'm a christian, 
  edit : and downvoted myself by popular request, 
  humans came way before human language , and evolutionary linguistics says they did n't have plural for a while . 
  you know , this alone is enough to persuade me to dig out minecraft from that dusty old zip file i have lying around , and start playing again . 
  seriously , this a really good example of what sorts of cool \u00e6sthetics one can conjure up with minecraft , and i happen to have just the world for this , too . 
  thank you for the inspiration , and may your mines yield ever more diamond !, 
  is there something similar for mac ? 
  i like how you describe the virtual landscape as a `` jungle '' . 
  oh my god . 
  these people sound so inept as to give your story the quality of anthropological satire ... 
  you : * alt-tabs *, 
  noc guy : ahh witchcraft it is forbidden, 
  you : no , it 's just a convenient feature meant for --, 
  noc guy : witchcraft i say we do not allow witchcraft, 
  my little sister made me a beautiful board a long while ago , and she never heard of piracy ... , 
  unless all it gives you is ore . :d, 
  ( possible with a haxxored board ), 
  hey , i was on an iphone in a reddit browser on low battery !, 
  edit : oh wait , disk inventory ? 
  yeah i have that , just it does n't work with mine because it 's old and lion does n't have rosetta anymore . 
  well , obviously . 
  but he 's still not paying enough . 
  someone does n't know how to spell hapen, 
  oh my god . 
  this is the best thing ever . 
  if you have an an ipad already like me . 
  this is so great , i will definitely be able to profit from this ... no more spending two hundred fucking dollars on a textbook that may not ever even get used , nope !, 
  wow , what a boon ... 
  i love stories with a framing device ... 
  oh , that 's true , i guess . 
  quite an interesting linguistic dilemma we have here . 
  on one hand we could define the disc/disk for cds and floppies as two allographs for the same lexeme , derived from different dialects but meaning ... being the same essential thing . 
  on the other hand , we could define it as two different lexemes , loanwords for each other through two different dialects ; two different names from two different places for two different things . 
  clearly the only way to resolve this is a vote . 
  hey , look at that !, 
  a vote !, 
  okay , reddit has now formally and unequivocally declared forever that disc and disk are two different lexemes . 
  hey , what 's the specific law instituted by gema called ? 
  i 'm only vaguely aware of the particulars of german politics , mostly just that it 's very ridiculously stupidly democratic . 
  no , unfortunately . 
  i noticed that in the second set a lava pool disappeared from 1.1 to 1.2 . :(, 
  what are those large black spots ?
