  i personally do n't know the mechanism behind it , but it 's probably something like a combination of a lack of spell check and a lack of effort that makes some people 's spelling so much worse when typing online . 
  it was for the people suggesting that we should be able to have multiple front pages . 
  i have n't used it either though . 
  i probably should , it 's a good feature . 
  explain pls, 
  what work ? 
  ( if any ), 
  it looks delicious . 
  possibly because all ramen looks similar to this . 
  ( i ` da thought the mussels woulda looked worse , but they blend well . ), 
  nowadays you ca n't buy anything without it being made of chemicals . 
  take salt for instance . 
  these days it 's manufactured out of sodium and chloride . 
  sodium , the stuff that constricts your blood vessels and dries your body out ? 
  chlorine , the stuff you put in pools as a * pesticide ? 
  * fuck everyone , i 'm moving to papua new guinea . 
  but asking for an explanation is exactly what that sentence does . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i told you , i was n't * asking * about my comment . 
  but i do think it indicates a general ugly trend . 
  how many such statements could you single out in irl conversation like that , but do n't ? 
  or heck , even on reddit , where people are more pedantic than usual ? 
  and it 's not even an entirely dumb argument ; both on the west and east coast you get the update sunday night , so why would you refer to it as sunday on one side and monday on the other ? 
  downvoting is one of the worst parts of reddit , and i hate to see it happen here . 
   this post reeks of butthurt, 
  you 're reading stuff into it , then . 
  i 'm not happy i got downvoted , but it 's not about that . 
  my concern is what it means for how we look at each other here . 
  for the past couple years i 've had the privilege of participating in some very friendly and tight-knit communities here on reddit , and the conversation flowed practically like dialogue . 
  jokes , banter , daring to disagree with each other on things , whatever . 
  everybody trusted each other 's goodwill enough to remain friendly , not because they were all close friends , but because they were all part of the same community . 
  and this subreddit used to be like that too !, 
  i dunno , maybe not as much , but it was definitely friendly . 
  now though you can see the subreddit lapsing into typical reddit-like stranger mentality : `` i see that this person has similar opinions to me ; this probably means that they 're good in various ways , so i 'll upvote them . 
  i see that this person has different opinions from me ; this probably means that they 're bad and stupid , so i 'll downvote them . '', 
  this is very bad ; you ca n't have as much fun dialogue , you ca n't extend as much trust towards people , and you do n't have as much of a sense of being among friends . 
  i understand that having close communities all the time is an unrealistic dream ( although you can certainly try for them !, 
  ) , but this community * did * used to be more like that once . 
  on top of that , though , homestuck is more fan-oriented than most comics , capturing fans ' reactions and sometimes their art . 
  it gets a lot more fun with friends . 
  it 's easiest to try and find such good friends irl , but it 's not always possible ( certainly not for me !, 
  ) ; and when it is n't , that 's what the internet is for . 
  it 's terrible when the internet does n't have what you 're looking for , either . 
  maybe there 's a way to fix it ? 
  i do n't know any easy ways . 
  getting everybody to trust each other more is hard . 
  possibly arrange ( fun ) cooperative games for everyone ? 
  ( * make * them * want * to play it , not just offer them to . ), 
  although ironically sometimes games like that breed bad blood . 
  maybe try to change the tone of the discussion then ? 
  like , make jokes more common or something ? 
  iunno , it 's hard !, 
  there is , but it 's a little outdated and incomplete . 
  i want to write a longer one soon !, 
  i have work first though . 
  in the meantime you 'll have to make do with [ this . 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/wpi9961ty6yt5n2/gallifreyan.pdf?dl=0 ), 
  you know , iirc ilocano ( natlang , spoken in northern philippines ) has a demonstrative pronoun for referring to things that have just gone out of sight !, 
  as well as like four other ones . 
  ilocano is awesome about deixis in general . 
  my pet person system that i mysteriously never see elsewhere is made up of the following persons :, 
  - 1 ( 1 . person singular ) : just the speaker, 
  - 2 ( 2 . person singular ) : just the addressee, 
  - 3 \\* ( 3 . person singular ) : a particular person who is neither the speaker nor the addressee, 
  - 3 ( 3 . person plural ) : people other than those speaking, 
  - 1 +2 ( 1 . person dual inclusive ) : the speaker and the addressee, 
  - 1 +3 ( 1 . person plural exclusive ) : the speaker and others who are n't part of the conversation, 
  - 2 +3 ( 2 . person plural ) : the addressee and others who are n't part of the conversation, 
  - 1 +2 +3 ( 1 . person plural inclusive ) : the speaker , the addressee , and others who are n't part of the conversation, 
  you can also derive additional combos :, 
  - 1 +2 +3 \\* ( 1 . person trial inclusive ! ), 
  - you can have additional persons for if you are speaking to multiple people , making the list :, 
  - you can also have additional persons for what are typically considered demonstrative pronouns . 
  agglutination would probably be helpful for these . 
  in at least two languages i know though , the first person dual inclusive is its own unique morpheme . 
  hmm . 
  i checked the settings , there does n't seem to be any reason you should n't get it . 
  here , i made a copy , [ try this ? 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/8vpdol3zfd1jpwn/gallifreyan-new.pdf?dl=0 ), 
  interests :, 
  - air travel ( heck yes ), 
  - bicycles, 
  - electronics, 
  - east asian music ( wrong , except for vgm i guess ), 
  - fashion and style, 
  - food and drink, 
  - hair care ( dead wrong ), 
  - hygiene and toiletries ( ehhhh not really ), 
  - mobile phones ( i am super interested in them for about a month every three years ), 
  - rap & hip-hop, 
  - search engine optimization and marketing, 
  - shooter games ( noooope , i blame the pbt steam key contest for this ), 
  all-in-all completely missed my area of work , disappointingly enough . 
  the ones based on the websites i 've visited are almost all dead wrong , unfortunately . 
  also google thinks i 'm about 10 years older than i am . 
  \\  mfw / ct / in the ipa, 
  heheheh i 've made similar mistakes . 
  and it 's especially horrific if you are a medieval monk and your penmanship is composed of minims . 
  i wonder if they had a sense of humor about that stuff . 
  do n't forget malaya .
