  i will actually be there tomorrow/the day after , and for the rest of august . 
  but it 's either a perfect loop or it is n't . 
  is there some point at which it derails , like a train going too fast ? 
  ( oh god i just remembered , too soon !, 
  i am so sorry for those involved ), 
  only liquid guly\u00e1s is good guly\u00e1s . 
  ah well , i made good effort . 
  i am surprised that i was able to produce a comic at all , given that i was using my phone . 
  you 're free to think that one group of people is inferior to another group of people . 
  the issue is that you 're wrong . 
  oh well , if you do n't want to disclose i 'm fine with that . 
  well , freedom of thought is mostly not an issue . 
  you 've forgotten holocaust denial * is * illegal here . 
  that 's such a silly belief though that i do n't mind . 
  same with me ( but from miskolc ) . 
  i am not such a fan of hungary either . 
  great language , great food , best math education out of anywhere , friendly people even , but only friendly to white males , and sometimes ( male ) east-asians . 
  also , autistic government . 
  damn . 
  i was so proud of being able to recognize a baseball . 
  racist , maybe ; nazi , probably not . 
  i may have been exaggerating a bit . 
   literally everybody i talk to speaks hungarian , i mean . 
  literally everybody i 've talked to , anyway . 
  i generalized it to the whole population , which was the best i could do in the absence of any statistics . 
  applies to other slav languages too . 
  `` zmrzlina '' is the slovak word for ice cream , iirc . 
  that 's interesting . 
  every linguistic map i 've seen has had a big blotch in the middle of romania for hungarian . 
  that 's what i thought at first , but i think the `` forgot to shift '' scenario is more likely . 
  less people would be evil enough for the second thing than forgetful enough for the first thing . 
  `` but easier . '', 
  different board . 
  [ you liar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sport_in_germany#golf ) . 
  the germans are apparently just as barbaric as the rest . 
  yeah , it 's not a disorder if everyone has it . 
  somalia would be a better example of multiple personality disorder , since it 's actually ruled in different pieces . 
  or the eagle nebula , anyway . 
  the one below it is the crab nebula . 
  would n't the first n-1 bogosorts be unnecessary , though ? 
  the elements sorted by each previous bogosort would just mixed up by each subsequent bogosort . 
  or is it more of a randomized insertion sort , where the location of the k +1 st element be determined randomly , and with the rest kept in place ? 
  oh no , having googled it now i see how it works . 
  to check whether the list is sorted , instead of going through the list and comparing successive elements , it compares the last element of the list to a bogobogosorted copy of the other n-1 elements of the list . 
  if the last element is greater than any of the other elements in the bogobogosorted copy , it 's appended to the end of the copy and the list is returned . 
  if not , the list is shuffled . 
  repeat . 
  it 's not quite the same as what you described . 
  it 's much more ingeniously impractical . 
  a $ 1500 computer is mediocrity ? 
  i could barely afford a $ 600 one , but i assumed it was pretty great . 
  i feel horribly outclassed . 
  anyway , great job on the cable management !, 
  you can see all the parts super well , and the watercooling is beautiful as always . 
  sweden , i think . 
  how is it in any way any of that ? 
  i do n't do anything that 's not its own reward . 
  alternatively , if i do get roped into doing something i do n't want , i browse reddit for ten minutes . 
  usually , it 's the xy problem . 
  i support them on that front . 
  unless git is n't turing complete . 
  is n't it ? 
  i think it could even be understood by the layman . 
  they have a point , though . 
  most things that people have `` opinions '' about have a right and wrong answer . 
  about the only thing that i can think of where it would n't be silly to `` respect others ' opinions '' are aesthetic decisions , where preferences differ by psychology ( e.g. 
  favorite colors ) . 
  i just wish they had n't used the kkk/nazi/rapist comparisons , though . 
  it 's too polarizing ; regardless of whether you are or are n't a vegan , you become less likely to change your opinion , not more . 
  time does n't enter into it . 
  say you 've got a device/process that produces random real numbers on the continuous interval [ 0,1 [ . 
  then the probability of getting any particular real number * n * is 0 . 
  ( you can explain it as the definite integral of a uniform continuous probability density function from * n * to * n * , which is obviously going to be 0 . ), 
  however , the device/process still does produce a number , even though its probability of producing that number was 0 . 
  damn , that paper 's paywalled . 
  i 'd love to generate silver and palladium nanoparticles using tea extract and coffee . 
  there are natural things that may be described probabilistically . 
  tons of them , in fact . 
  but they do n't even need to exist . 
  you 're in / r/math . 
  literally everything here is imaginary . 
  a meme is an idea that spreads . 
  an internet meme is an idea that spreads via the internet . 
  i 'd scarf all of them down as fast as possible . 
  i 'm a horrible person . 
  i tried my hardest not to be that guy in high school . 
  it was my biggest goal . 
  unfortunately , i think i failed . 
  i 'd * pay * $ 1500 to see my best friend not get shot . 
  edit : sorry , that sounds rude . 
  what i mean is , i think that was money well spent , regardless of whether he payed you back or not . 
  well , an idea needs to spread * a lot * to be considered a meme . 
  and it has to be a sort of by-word-of-mouth spread , too . 
  to understand why i 'm saying that , consider this equivalent definition : a meme is an idea that compels the beholder of the idea to share it . 
  the opposite of a meme is an antimeme : an idea that inherently makes itself not want to be shared . 
  like a sensitive secret . 
  by these definitions , sure , a lot of things * are * memes , but not all/most of them . 
  it 's germany trying to get a diplomacy victory at civilization . 
  walp @isnep , here . 
  same thing with roadside signs , although that one 's more obvious ( seriously , a light breeze will knock those things over ) .
