  they were tiny and adorable ] , also has what 's called a `` processor '' . 
  it 's a very complicated piece of circuitry , but essentially , it reads bits off of the disk , usually eight at a time but sometimes more , and interprets them as instructions . 
  these instructions can say things like `` compute the sum of these numbers '' , or `` change these eight bits to this sequence '' , or `` jump forward this many bits '' , or other things . 
  it actually works entirely by having little wires engraved inside of it that makes electricity flow around in patterns , and it can control the reading and writing implement on the disk that way . 
  it 's a little surprising , but maybe a bit less so when you learn that the electricity travels in short bursts , not continuously , so once electricity is downstream it can loop back and interfere with some coming upstream . 
  whatever , let 's not get too into it . 
  if you want to know how it works exactly , i 'm available all day . 
  one of the instructions you can tell the processor is to activate little lights on the face of the device . 
  these lights are really tiny , but they form a mosaic grid the same way everything else having to do with pictures in the device does . 
  the grid , which we call a `` screen '' , is actually subdivided into red , green , and blue lights , a trio of which forms a single dot that we call a `` pixel '' . 
  one light is called a `` subpixel '' . 
  anyway , it 's got a grid of these pixels , and the processor can read off the colors from the pictures stored on the disk , and tell the screen to turn the same colors as it read off the disk . 
  the disk has space for many pictures on it , so i can take many pictures and call them forth again whenever i like !, 
  i 've also got a device that can put the pictures onto paper , though , so i can make the pictures bigger sizes . 
  this device can do many other things , though . 
  it can compute numbers , and it can record and play back sound in a manner similar to a gramophone , and it can also record and show me text . 
  i 've got lots of text on it !, 
  it 's got a picture for every letter on it , so when it shows me the text , for each letter it puts the picture for it on the screen , one after the other , until i have all the text . 
  and yes , the way that i interact with it is that the screen is sensitive to my touch . 
  under the screen is a thin sheet of metal with electricity running through it , which makes a small magnetic field . 
  when i touch the screen , it changes the shape of the magnetic field , which changes the flow of electricity in the sheet of metal , and the flow is sent to the processor , telling it where i touched the screen . 
  [ technically it 's sent to a different processor first , but whatever . ], 
  i can touch different places for different effects : for example , right now it 's showing me a picture of the keys on a typewriter , and i can touch the parts where the different keys are to write different letters to the disk , similar to the typewriter . 
  yes , it 's really small . 
  i type on it with my two pointer fingers . 
  i can actually type on it quite fast !, 
  [ the letters are recorded in the ram , not the hard drive , actually , but ram is slightly too complicated to explain . ], 
  the most amazing thing it can do , though , is that my world is flooded with a form of ( relatively ) very low-frequency light , called radio waves . 
  this device can both pick up and transmit radio waves !, 
  you can store information in radio waves the same way you can on the disk : it listens on two frequencies , and if it gets a blip on one , then it 's a 0 , and if it 's the other one , then it 's a 1 . 
  [ it 's actually a great deal more complicated than that . ], 
  as it listens , it can record these to the disk to interpret . 
  we have towers all over the place that also pick up and transmit radio waves , but they are similar to posthouses in that they do n't do anything to the information , just send it to people you want to send it to . 
  we have devices called `` servers '' that are like mine but bigger that everybody can access through the radio towers and devices like mine , and we can put information on them , like pictures , so that many people can look at the information at once . 
  we have very large amounts of these servers at once . 
  we call them , together , the internet . 
  we have a set of servers dedicated specifically to discussing pictures and text and things that are elsewhere on the internet , which we call reddit . 
  actually , we have a picture of you on reddit !, 
  we wrote the picture of you onto a disk , and transmitted it to reddit . 
  we basically just took a picture of your picture using one of the electric cameras i mentioned . 
  many people browsing reddit liked it and wrote good things about it !, 
  [ yes , i simplified it a lot . 
  still , it 's not so bad for an introduction to computers , digital pictures , and the internet , right ? ], 
   vectors , scalars , points of inflection, 
  is that really what you spent your math degree learning about ? 
  come on . 
  you can do more fancy !, 
  where are the rings and galois fields ? 
  you 're thinking of `` sporangium '' . 
  whee , 1600x900 master race unite !, 
  no other monitor size has as close a ratio to 16:9 as us , save multiples . 
  heck , why not just turn real life into that as long as we 're talking in hypotheticals ? 
  a sort of hedonic treadmill . 
  `` bad luck brian '' ? 
  more like `` success kid '' . 
  ( also , `` crohn 's '' , not `` chrons '' . ), 
  the floor looks worse than it is . 
  it 's all kiddy craft stuff , not , like , crumbs or hairs or stains or anything . 
  ah , i forgot about 1920x1080 . 
  i was entirely joking with my comment , anyway . 
  you should n't have taken it so seriously . 
  and * you * sounded like you did n't know it was a joke . 
  so we 're even !, 
  sorry , it 's so difficult to keep track of in one 's inbox . 
  yeah , i thought it was closer to 58 % plankton , or maybe even 58 % protists . 
  why ? 
  when i 'm at the theme park , being strapped in to the rollercoaster is the most exciting part . 
  then again , jeb does n't have to wait in line for the rocket as long as we do for the rollercoaster . 
  good one ... and then , in that spirit , solid rocket boosters attached to radial girders to create radial stage separators, 
  the internet is so huge . 
  i would n't be surprised if these comics were basically forgotten . 
  not really , seeing as you stop feeling it pretty quickly, 
  i am one of the few people who likes `` fake '' difficulty . 
  i enjoyed the iphone version of vector tower defense , where the last few levels were practically unbeatable because of the huge amount of health that the enemies got . 
  it forced me to develop a strategy that hit a lot of enemies at once . 
  i enjoyed the civ ai too , because i love working around unfair advatages that the enemy has . 
  it forced me to be economical with my units , and to min-max very heavily . 
  that was fun . 
  this kind of difficulty will , one way or another , force you to get smarter , because your material advantage ai n't going nowhere . 
  that 's why i like it . 
  a clever ai may still be overwhelmed with brute force , or exploited for cheap tricks , but a powerful but dumb opponent can only be outsmarted . 
  i like outsmarting , and thus i like fake difficulty . 
  wow , i did n't think any chrono trigger fans existed on this subreddit . 
  i pictured everyone here as teenagers . 
  right , but it came out before i expect most people on this sub to have been born . 
  few people use emulators or buy/have retro consoles , so this is surprising . 
  the only exception i can think of to the whole thing is super mario bros. , which exists in countless implementations everywhere ( e.g. , if i type into google `` full screen '' , one of the autocomplete options will be `` full screen mario '' ) . 
  huh , i did n't know that was re-released so much . 
  good to know !, 
  well that 's embarrassing for me . 
  maybe it 's modeled after richard stallman ? 
  edit : no wait , i 'm confusing stallman 's hair with his beard . 
  damn , that 's confusing . 
  the nose would start pointing down fast . 
  you mean ballistic . 
  but that 's not entirely correct , because the tail assembly still has horizontal stabilizers . 
  but i 'm not sure how much that would matter . 
  that is interesting about the name , thank you for telling me . 
  regardless , i think you are wrong about the tail . 
  you can not just wave it away with '' [ insert proof ] '' .
