  by `` when '' , i mean on his/her own personal timeline . 
  money 's on jack , but you ca n't be sure . 
  lord english is also a likely candidate . 
  combined with the theory that he 's le ( who has a tardis sarcophagus ) , this is solid gold . 
  i have historically been an outsider to the matter , and recently have really begun thinking about it . 
  generally , you always get people who say , `` why do you care about a dumb video game ? 
  it 's not like it affects real life . 
  it 's just a pointless game with a simplistic objective . '', 
  i am one of those people , and i 'm here to ask it from you all . 
  in almost all cases , the game world has no bearing whatsoever on reality ; i.e. , * there is no real-world reward for progressing in a game . 
  * some might say that the experience itself is the reward -- and this is certainly true for artistic games , or puzzle games like portal -- but that 's not the sort of game that i 'm asking about . 
  i 'm asking about games where your primary action is akin to `` grinding '' , where the reward is only to be able to `` grind '' better , in-game , or perhaps there is no reward at all . 
  i 'm talking about games where you kill enemies to gain experience or money to afford better weapons or abilities to kill more enemies , or , on the more passive side , games where you wait to gain money from existing buildings by waiting , and spend that money on more buildings to get money faster . 
  or a game like karma-whoring on reddit , which only nets you pointless points for a repetitive task . 
  how do you rationalize these as not a waste of time ? 
  and , if it is because it 's fun , why do you find it fun ? 
  uu 's name is calliope , that starts with `` cal '' , like `` li'l cal '' . 
  herein , i assume that uu 's name will also start with cal , and have eight letters , in order to predict it . 
  - calbhach : it means `` bald '' . 
  my money 's on this , or `` english '' . 
  - callisto : a ( female ) nymph that zeus screwed . 
  very unlikely . 
  - calanthe : a type of orchid . 
  unlikely . 
  - caligula : a very schizophrenic roman emperor . 
  possible . 
  - callahan : of obscure origin , either means `` bright-headed '' or `` war/strife '' , but this is a weak connection at the best . 
  possible . 
  - calleigh : variant of `` callie '' , which is short for `` caroline . '', 
  unlikely at best . 
  - calogero : wise elder . 
  quite possible , but not too likely . 
  this is all i 've got . 
  for your theories at will . 
  to avoid any mispronunciations in the future , i will go ahead and say it : [ k\u00e6l ` la\u026a\u0259pi  , or [ kal-lye-up-ee ] . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/calliope ), 
  my theory is that bq/snowman somehow alchemized the felt , through weird sburb technology , and all the members got weird time powers through an action of lord english 's or doc scratch 's , which included tying snowman 's lifespan to that of the universe . 
  okay , i was mainly trying for classes , but i added a few aspects as well ( i tried to keep only the most crucial ones ) . 
  the classes that we have already seen are mainly guesswork , and i do not wish to be called out on my definitions for them , as they are not the focus of this post . 
  heir : one who creates, 
  knight : one who weaponizes, 
  page : one who sees, 
  prince : one who destroys, 
  lord : one who is the master of, 
  pimp : one who makes his bitch, 
  smith : one who molds, 
  mage : one who hears, 
  bard : one who lets be destroyed, 
  waste : one who absorbs, 
  end : one who eliminates, 
  god : one who presides over, 
  chief : one who directs, 
  lack : one who makes one become in need of, 
  king : one who rules over, 
  sir : one who weathers, 
  guard : one who guards, 
  cook : one who orders, 
  count : one who seeks, 
  dean : one who lets be sought, 
  clerk : one who deals out, 
  guest : one who lets be spoken for, 
  fool : one who lets be absorbed, 
  slave : one who is slave to, 
  coach : one who rectifies, 
  boss : one who lets be presided over, 
  priest : one who lets be healed using, 
  monk : one who understands, 
  cop : one who herds, 
  duke : one who has the potential to create, 
  earl : one who bears, 
  dude : one who abides, 
  seer : one who knows, 
  witch : one who controls, 
  rogue : one who redistributes, 
  maid : one who lets be created, 
  muse : one who observes, 
  sylph : one who heals using, 
  thief : one who steals, 
  cost : one who holds ransom, 
  voice : one who speaks for, 
  friend : one who is not affected by, 
  sum : one who contains, 
  queen : one who lets be ruled over, 
  dawn : one who generates, 
  ward : one who lets herself be guarded by, 
  space, 
  time, 
  light, 
  breath, 
  life, 
  void, 
  heart, 
  hope, 
  doom, 
  blood, 
  mind, 
  flame, 
  thought, 
  force,
