  you 're not just preaching to the choir , you 're marching to the vatican and witnessing to the pope for hours on end , converting him to catholicism . 
  biologist here : they 're parasitic to oysters , not humans ; they do n't really do anything , especially not cooked, 
  i 'm slightly jealous but we 're really two totally different fields . 
  he comes around / r/biology semi-often and he 's cool . 
  really i 'm mostly happy that he 's probably inspiring thousands of redditors to be biologists . 
  ^ ( i just wish protein engineering was relevant more often ), 
  oh , i do n't imagine you being self-important at all !, 
  sorry if you took it that way !, 
  it 's just kind of weird to see one person being celebrated for doing things so many other people could . 
  of course , you do n't see * other * biologists putting up albums of their work , so maybe it 's that . 
  edit : rereading this later , it sounds horribly passive-agressive . 
  i 'm not sure how to fix it , but i really do n't mean any ill will !, 
  they look like ... semaphore signals maybe ? 
  hold on lem me look, 
  edit : gtca cagt, 
  what made me go that route has a complicated answer , but the short version is reading [ * the cartoon guide to genetics * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/cartoon-guide-genetics-updated-edition/dp/0062730991 ) as a kid , [ sam hughes ' fiction ( which occasionally involves nanobots ) ] ( http://qntm.org ) , and the sheer novelty of machines that humans did n't design . 
  my official title is a person who is doing a doctorate in biomedical engineering with a focus in nanomedicine . 
  what i do is , ultimately , find out ways to get proteins to do whatever we want ( cure cancer maybe ? 
  it really depends ) . 
  however , more broadly i research existing protein mechanisms , and sometimes try to coax them to function slightly differently , or sometimes design new proteins outright . 
  here 's a really cool example of * de novo * protein engineering : [ designed protein cages ] ( http://www.rcsb.org/pdb/101/motm.do?momid=165 ) , which are basically the same as viral capsids , but with less parts . 
  the point of these is to store something on the inside , like a drug , so that it can be delivered and released at the correct moment ( like in a cancer cell maybe ? 
  the whole field of biomedical engineering has this subtext , `` can this do anything against cancer ? '' ) . 
  the problem with proteins is that they 're really really slippery and jiggly , so it 's really hard to find out how a * particular * amino acid sequence will fold up , let alone whatever amino acid sequence you want , repeatedly until you find one that folds the way you like * and * can do what it 's supposed to do . 
  instead either we take an existing protein and try putting evolutionary pressure on it to evolve to do something we want it to , or glue together large parts of existing proteins into frankenstein proteins ( not an official term ) . 
  in my spare time i work on a protein game in which you get to design proteins the latter way and get to direct the functioning of an entire cell . 
  it might see the light of day , it might not ; i have a lot of work and i 'm only a mediocre programmer . 
  i hope to succeed where spore failed , in recruiting new bioengineers . 
  ( distinction time : bioengineers are people who engineer cellular processes and the like to do their bidding . 
  biomedical engineers are people who design technology that doctors then get to use . 
  protein engineers are people who get proteins to do their bidding . ), 
  thanks for listening !, 
  it 's great !, 
  the only way i 've benefited from it personally , as of yet , though , is that evga hands out free computer parts to people who join their folding team . 
  edit : [ rosetta@home] ( http://boinc.bakerlab.org/ ) , i 've probably directly benefited from , though , since i run a lot of computations on rosetta and as near as i can tell it 's directly outsourcing it to willing volunteers . 
  yes , i 've messed around with foldit . 
  i 'm horrible at it !, 
  :d i 'm not sure what it goes to show . 
  ( i 've personally met seth cooper by the way ... he 's an interesting guy , to say the least . ), 
  i 've never researched them personally . 
  i used to find prions really interesting a very long while ago ( wow , an infectious agent that does n't have rna/dna !, 
  ) , but the novelty 's completely worn off since then . 
  amyloid folds are in general your proteins jerking off and being lazy and useless , and there 's a whole lot of different ways they can come about and shapes they can come in ; prions are just a particularly contagious one ( if you can call them an amyloid fold ; it 's not exactly their only component , is it ? ) . 
  [ i mean just look at how horrible amyloids are . 
  ] ( http://www.mtholyoke.edu/~nkhamilt/proteins/amyloid-tibs.gif ) what you 're looking at is a really thick fiber made of totally defolded and therefore useless proteins . 
  unfortunately that 's basically the universal sign of an overflowing cellular garbage dump . 
  prions are like ... 
  edit : for clarity : if you leave proteins lying around for too long , they 'll misfold . 
  if you leave a lot of misfolded proteins lying around too long , they 'll aggregate together into an amyloid fold . 
  amyloid folds are huge in comparison to regular proteins , and all they do is take up space . 
  in older people the protein destruction machinery can get out of whack , and they 'll get amyloid plaques in the brain due to the lax regulation of protein destruction , which will give them alzheimer 's . 
  ( that is not the only thing that causes alzheimer 's , though , as far as we know . ), 
  a prion is an amyloid fold that actively recruits proteins for it ; a really sticky amyloid fold . 
  i 'm only bringing up the highlights , though . 
  ususally it 's a horrible crunch between procrastination and sleep and oh my god i still have so much work to do . 
  not to mention it does n't pay very well until you become a professor . 
  ( said every grad student ever ) i try to keep my morale high by telling myself that my research is important . 
  yeah !, 
  if we want to publish , anyway . 
  :p i 'm still new to the program so i have n't gotten around to actually doing nmr and other empirical stuff , though . 
  as of right now the entirety of the body of my work is confined to simulations . 
  ( who needs the outside world anyway , right ? ), 
  i 'm really sorry !, 
  rereading this after a night of sleep i totally agree . 
  please take those words at face value . 
  you would n't be saying that if you got infected with one !, 
  is n't this just wishful thinking ? 
  can you give any examples of popular games that use it now ? 
  i do n't know what a d&d type sigil system is or really anything about heraldry but i came up with this logo a while ago : http://imgur.com/2kpo3fw, 
  it 's supposed to be depicting a covalent bond . 
  i guess this would specifically be an h2 molecule , so you could also interpret it as a symbol for nuclear fusion , the sun , or hydrogen-powered cars . 
  more generally though you can use it as a symbol for chemistry , organic chemistry , carbon chemistry , or , like me , nanotechnology . 
  edit : it also works to symbolically illustrate telophase for a diploid organism , but i do n't like that interpretation , especially since the microtubules are n't present . 
  in this case , the words he used were `` words can not describe how '' . 
  he used hyperbole . 
  this is really not an indication that he is too lazy to use more words . 
  this would have been a better title, 
   swallowing grit as i finish my coffee, 
  this happens to me all the time with my green tea , but i do n't really mind, 
  you have to load the whole gif before you can start watching it , whereas you can watch individual parts of the video as soon as they 're downloaded . 
  that it will take you longer to load the gif than to load the whole video is explained by the fact that google 's youtube servers are vastly bigger , better , and faster than google 's `` user content '' servers ( where this gif comes from ) . 
  specifically , there 's more of them and the workload is better distributed , and they probably have a faster connection too . 
  the same principle applies for gifs from minus , but a lot more so . 
  little do they know , it 's a viral plaque assay . 
   maxis, 
  i 'll grant you `` original '' , and maybe `` even iconic '' . 
  i 'd do it myself if i cared enough, 
  broken dl link :\\, 
  metric fucktons * are * standard . 
  an imperial fuckton is 1.016 metric fucktons . 
  or at least , you get an intuition for what 's wrong :, 
  - not enough dv : you run out of fuel earlier than you planned, 
  - add more fuel tanks, 
  - learn orbital mechanics tricks like gravitational slingshotting and oberth burns, 
  - not enough struts : your ship shatters, 
  - add more struts, 
  - t/w ratio is too low : your thrust is lower than gravity, 
  - add more thrusters, 
  - you suck at flying a rocket : your maneuvers do n't go as planned, 
  - practice and read the wiki,
