   political correctness is censorship by another name . 
  this statement reminds me of self-righteous people who go , `` i should be able to say ` nigger ' , because it 's just a word and i 'm not using it racistly ! '', 
  please tell me you 're not one of those people . 
  political correctness is not censorship , unless you consider an obligation to self-censorship that . 
  political correctness is only around so we do n't offend some people . 
  there 's nothing wrong with wanting to not offend people . 
  in fact , you should endeavor not to . 
  doing so only leads to bad feelings all around . 
  a loose and lazy tongue is a bad thing . 
  why ? 
  the doze hat ? 
  i wonder whether we 'll be categorized under `` video games '' or `` comics '' . 
  probably the first . 
  hussie made that hat . 
  it 's doze 's . 
  it 's funny how it comes out that way , is n't it ? 
  karkat 's had a caliginous crush on john . 
  kanaya 's crush on rose is red , but she 's known for auspisticism . 
  terezi is in a flushed relationship with dave . 
  and jade has been acting pretty pale towards karkat . 
  there was a / r/circlebroke submission about it and it got me slightly angry . 
  but , yeah , i visited it in person . 
  i might make it into a cairo suit , though . 
  and get a cairo top hat , but that 's somewhat harder to do . 
  of all the things hussie could have made flash like that , an overcoat is by far the easiest to cosplay . 
  the blobs of blue are lightning . 
  aha , [ it gets explained . 
  i was n't here for the * primer * jerk , but i can totally imagine reddit jerking over it . 
  96 of them !, 
  half in godtier clothing !, 
  one syllable each !, 
  have you read all of sbahj yet ? 
  if so , you should have an [ ancquired ] ( / dunkass ) immunity by now . 
  to get them to * appear in the comic * . 
  i ship him with eridan . 
  this is ... . amazing, 
  now do a cosplay . 
  oh my god . 
  primer was somewhat complicated , but mostly boring . 
  not all of them !, 
  also , i 'm pretty excited for the `` new reward tier perk unlocked '' . 
  we should have it in a day . 
  but ... that 's inspector berrybreath . 
  there 's still as of yet [ `` insufficient data for a projection '' ] ( http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/14293468/homestuck-adventure-game#chart-exp-projection ) . 
  the `` trend '' is just the money accumulated so far times the amount of total amount of time the drive will go on for ( 30 days ) divided by the amount of time the drive has been going on for . 
  no you are n't . 
  use a link !, 
  right click `` permalink '' , and select `` copy address '' or something like that , and link to it !, 
  they are n't productive . 
  ( i am not the person you are replying to ! ), 
  * i * admit that most things i do are a waste of time . 
  i ca n't rationalize anything except learning or doing things that help other people , i.e. 
  `` working '' . 
  `` it 's fun '' is a terrible excuse to do something that is n't like that , mostly because i do n't find anything truly fun . 
  i would accept that excuse if other people used it , because they might actually find it fun , and if so , good for them . 
  but i would respect them even more if they did something better with their time . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  i know it 's a joke , but this is the website where / r/jailbait existed . 
  it 's not all it 's cracked up to be . 
  you just have to be mildly active and know your audience . 
  edit : wait , you have well over that amount . 
  i suddenly do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  i sort of really hope so , but eir story is at least consistent . 
  ... you 're right , that is a possibility . 
  but this person is trying to appear so honest that i do n't think xe 'd try sarcasm . 
  i am a different med student than the one you are replying to !, 
  but thanks all the same . 
  : / it happens . 
  aww , come on , four or five sentences is too long for you ? 
  ( i had a rebuttal prepared for that accusation . 
  you give me a friendly joke version of the accusation , i give you a friendly joke version of the rebuttal ! ), 
  make it more modern by replacing `` bec noir '' with `` lord english '' . 
  lord english is the new bec noir . 
  this is amazing, 
  oh my god , you 're right . 
  did you see ? 
  facebook likes number over 12,000 , but contributors number less than 9,000 . 
  hahaha , i beat your donation by $ 150 !, 
  it 's too bad there 's no one collecting monetary data on a per-minute basis , documenting the whole thing . 
  we could function-fit the hell out of that thing . 
  also , this could be the na\u00efve statistics student in me talking , but i find it interesting that these are n't even close to normally distributed . 
  like , i get that they are n't represented equally on the x axis , but it 's obvious that they are completely unbalanced like that . 
  ( actually , i think the one on the left could look more normal if you * did * do an equal discrete representation , but it 's still sort of weird . ), 
  edit : [ not even close . 
  well , sort of close . 
  edit 2 : oh my god why is it so huge, 
  i know , right ? 
  hu 's quite a tool . 
  thon also replaced s 's with z 's in one post . 
  ( this is the one time i will get to use invented agender pronouns , and , by god , i 'll use them all ! ), 
  that was for one day only . 
  all ships are n't canon anymore . 
  a pretty long while back , hussie declared all fantrolls canon in a formspring . 
  ( or was it a tumblr ? 
  d  since then , all fantrolls are literally canon . 
  if i had to take a guess at vis gender , i 'd say female , actually . 
  given that the troll has a female build and is based on the author . 
  also , i 'd disagree that it 's a horrible quirk . 
  sure , it 's more ambiguous than any other quirk we 've seen , but it 's definitely more legible than some other quirks we 've seen . 
  ( i 'm looking at you , feferi , latula , and kankri ! ),
