  a long time ago . 
  that 's interesting about the reposts . 
  how do you feel about reruns on tv ? 
  is this for real ? 
  putting past events in the present tense is a semi-common tactic to make them feel more dramatic . 
  it used to be more common during the classical period . 
  also the guy may have a first language where the present tense can really be informally used for any other tense , like in my hungarian . 
  however , the most probable conclusion is still the most obvious one : it was a mistake . 
  but i would n't put too much money on it . 
  well , higher budgets and better directors turn out better movies , so that 's your best bet . 
  also , if it 's been long enough , read the reviews . 
  what does that tell us , though ? 
  that we should * really * learn from history ? 
  ( probably it seems like nobody ever learns from history because everybody who did learn from it learned not to get involved in it . ), 
  it would be transforming the filling into cookie , which is horrifying to contemplate . 
  we should wish for subduction instead . 
  give him more of a trickster costume !, 
  this is just a recolor . 
  at least give him a candy in his lack of hair !, 
  you mean his candy corn tooth ? 
  i really liked that touch , but it 'll take more than that to make it candy !, 
  i do n't mind a more trickstery one , just make one with less ms paint !, 
  or something . 
  i do n't know , the high-contrast high-saturation solid colors are simply eye-searing . 
  for some reason i thought i saw a blue bar on top of him . 
  okay . 
  but yeah , we just had a thread about this : tricksters have a dramatic physical flair aside from their chromatic one . 
  why , you do n't want to know what their argument is ? 
  donkey kong country returns . 
  i do n't have time to describe it in detail , but it was so fucking amazing despite being on the wii 's hardware . 
  totally blew me away . 
  i 'm still hurt that they did n't do my two favorite dk environments to experience , ice caves and swimming underwater , but everything they did with the jungles , temples , beaches , caves , cliffs , factories , volcanoes , and more was * fantastic * . 
  it was n't just parallax , it was 3d . 
  it was gaudy and shiny and dynamic and just right . 
  the music really helped , too . 
  someone else purchased them the gold . 
  hold on , there was a thread about it ; i 'll try and find it . 
  edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/igvs9/i_bought_a858de45f56d9bc9_a_month_of_reddit_gold/, 
  that 's what will happen to me once this sub starts producing original content . 
  ( it 's not really anybody 's fault ; there are n't that many reaction gifs out there . 
  that 's part of the reason why non-chemistry gifs are allowed as well , i 'm guessing . 
  maybe we could start a team that makes new gifs ? ), 
  they do exist as text in the branching parts at the end of a5a2 , but they also double as panels , some are broken up towards the very end , and a couple were stolen by hussie and put into a flash in [ s ] ?? 
  ? , so it does n't confer too much of a bonus . 
  the day that happens , we cure death . 
  which will eventually be a possible thing -- it 's just a matter of being smart enough and having enough control to implement a solution -- but that kind of technology is nowhere near us presently . 
  come back in 50 , 100 years . 
  biology and biomedical engineering is a field that still has huge amounts of mystery , potential , and use . 
  it just got a late start . 
  wait a bit for research and development to happen . 
  come on , have some faith . 
  it 's not like it 'd take amounts of energy that are not available to us , like interstellar travel , or amounts of time that are impossible , like brute-forcing a 128-bit rsa key . 
  it 's a problem that is very finite in its complexity , and it 's * right here . 
  * it 's a very hard problem for sure , but this is one of those things for which a solution is plausible . 
  poor , poor / u/iaalwc . 
  we should n't be so hard on him . 
  we 're on hiatus anyway . 
  comversely , i ca n't believe it 's already been ten days . 
  it seems like he announced it less than a week ago . 
  probably since there 's been less than a week 's worth of content here . 
  we had the gif explosion , some good fanart , some bad fanart , a couple theories , and the psa . 
  business as usual . 
  i am a beginner . 
  i hope this will give me some leverage , should i win . 
  we could make these into recursive acronyms like in the unix world :, 
  - rip : rip in peace, 
  - atm : am transaction machine, 
  - am : atm machine, 
  just some ideas . 
  what are some others ? 
  sweden specifically . 
  most people forget denmark even exists except in that brief semster of english when you have to read hamlet . 
  that 's just / r/gifs and / r/videos , though , and even so very occasionally . 
  you hardly ever hear about russia on reddit . 
  ( there 's a constant stream of talk about israel , palestine , the middle east , and india coming from / r/worldnews , but an intentionally international subreddit does n't count . ), 
  i 'm hungarian . 
  i certainly remember the only other country that speaks a major finno-ugric language . 
  your username is `` krautwurstsalat '' . 
  i 'm not sure whether i believe you when you say you are german . 
  probably since it was written by shakespeare , who was british . 
  maybe it 's because the pirate bay is situated there . 
  maybe because it had to be * a * country , and sweden got picked at random . 
  maybe because it 's the most well-known . 
  most likely because it got picked at random , and had the highest probability , because it was the most well-known , partially because the pirate bay is situated there . 
  sorry , in hungary they tell us that it 's minor . 
  yeah , having a whole country is a pretty big deal . 
  also , version control . 
  who does n't have a github for their thesis these days ? 
  ( hint : it 's this guy . ), 
  properly , brain = blown . 
  unfortunately it still has the worst thing in common with all the til posts :, 
  - totally useless to know, 
  then again , when i 'm looking to learn something , i read a ( text ) book , not / r/til . 
  they are . 
  you can even see the corneal implant if you look hard enough . 
  i dunno , i 've kept everything important on version control in the cloud ever since there * was * a cloud . 
  this seems almost suspicious . 
  is n't it all about google drive now , though ? 
  it seems that more and more people are using that as their cloud instead of dropbox . 
  i personally use both .
