  by the end of the 90s , though , it spread to the heterosexual population of the us properly . 
  research on it in the us was very underfunded and disorganized until clinton established a proper government support for it in 1995 . 
  he declared that scientists would find a vaccine for it in the next 10 years ; a conventional vaccine for it is actually next to impossible , since it evolves too fast , but the sentiment was nice . 
  then in the first decade of the 2000s bush spent lots of money on providing aid against it to developing countries , which was one of the only good things the bush administration ever did ( although it overshadowed the local aid efforts , which were sometimes more substantial than the us aid ) . 
  since then we 've been trying to attack it at lots of angles , but it still keeps killing people . 
  it 's killed 36 million people to date , and it 's going to kill a lot more before we stop it . 
  you learn to look for that kind of stuff with all-number usernames . 
  how do you empirically test that ? 
  cyanide detectors will tell you how much gas there is , but then you have to somehow empirically determine the lethal dose ... 
  \\  tuco, 
  \\  impossible to kill, 
  that 's a little specific-sounding , i.e. 
  unlikely to me . 
  the sword is a burdensome detail ; why the sword , out of the space of many different things voldemort could have tried to horcruxitize ? 
  ( it took me three tries to come up with a word you have n't approximately already used yet ; good job ), 
  but that idiot came close to dying a whole bunch of times , and he ended up dying from a * gun * . 
  tuco was too dumb and too uncoordinated to live . 
  `` almost impossible '' is also very inaccurate . 
  technically , since we usually do n't write `` transition metal '' with a hyphen , even `` non - ( transition metal ) '' is rendered as `` non-transition metal '' . 
  in these cases the space binds more tightly than the hyphen , because it 's a compound noun . 
  but that was luck !, 
  it 's not like he has some sort of intrinsic property of being difficult to kill . 
  it 's exactly the opposite . 
  what i remember is :, 
  - let someone get near him with large amounts of explosives ( which he nearly tried to snort ), 
  - i think there was something with the car that eventually got one of his henchmen ? 
  - snorted stuff made by employees that hated him , multiple times, 
  - nearly snorted poison, 
  - nearly ate poisoned food , twice, 
  - i do n't remember how the fight scene went , but it did n't end well for him, 
  dude was begging to die . 
  490 would make sense , since that 's how all your telephone numbers start if you add the country code . 
   lisp is completely ` out there ' in its own class of languages , utterly unlike imperative , object orientated and functional languages . 
  what ? 
  lisp code is usually imperative . 
  when it is n't , it 's functional . 
  lisp also supports objects , although that does n't make it object-oriented . 
  `` utterly unlike '' is completely wrong . 
   unfortunately, 
  i 've always been completely incompetent at lip-reading , and i heard [ b\u0251\u02d0 ] in both videos . 
  however , it would have been nice if they had n't said what sound you 're supposed to be hearing in advance , which might have removed the effect . 
  my one complaint is that the moon transfers are n't in the diagram ; it only tells you the delta-v if you want to transfer directly to them from somewhere else . 
  i 'd prefer it like [ this one . 
  if you convert to hungarian paganism , you get to drill holes in your head !, 
  do n't worry , for those of us who subscribe to / r/chemistry , we knew exactly what sort of tone this was going to take . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  i 've been further even more decided to use even need to do look more as anyone can . 
  can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that ? 
  my guess is that when you 've really been so far even as decided * once * to use even go want to do look more , it is then that you 've been * truly * so far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  diereses and umlauts are the same thing . 
  they used to be different , with the dieresis being two dots and the umlaut being a little e , but now they 're the same thing . 
  same unicode characters , same wikipedia page , and so on . 
  edit : when i first posted this , all it had was the first sentence , which was all / u/hobbified saw when he was replying to me . 
  yeah , they used to use those to show that two vowels should be pronounced one after another , rather than together as a diphthong . 
  it 's kind of odd , because the umlaut originated as a shorter way to write diphthongs with the letter e. 
  but they 're the same mark , used to mean different things in different languages . 
  there is no typographic difference between them . 
  i guess this argument brings into question what gives a typographical symbol its identity . 
  if it 's the same unicode character , that 's good enough for me , because that means that it 's expected that they 'll always be interchangeable , in every context . 
  it was written to get a reaction . 
  it 's not quite trolling , because she 's not doing it for the lulz , she 's doing it because she 's paid to , and she believes some of it on some level , but it 's similar in most other ways . 
  either enjoy its weirdness or pay no attention to it . 
  sorry , i edited it before i got your reply . 
  yours is still an entirely sound point even in the face of the edit ; it 's not like the acknowledgement that the umlaut used to look different from a dieresis is what makes them the same thing now . 
  but seriously , norway -  sweden -  finland -  russia is perfect . 
  i 'm also curious about the electrons in harry 's transfigured taser . 
   can you justify the sum rule without invoking the pythagorean theorem at some point ? 
  yes , iirc all you need for that one are the definitions of the sine and cosine . 
  nope . 
  if that were possible , then quirrel would have left . 
  i 'm hungarian , and i am 100 % certain it 's [ `` cs\u00ed\u00ed\u00edz '' ] ( http://imdb.com/title/tt0261467/ ) ( pronounced `` cheeese '' , but like dracula ) , which was a moderately shitty comedy we had in the 90s ( tv has n't gotten any better since then ) , and therefore that it 's staged . 
  no , you keep having to see his shitty comments over and over again in newer and newer threads . 
  it happens with every anti-poweruser . 
  someday ... you 'll get tired of downvoting this guy !, 
  [ about eight earth masses per mole ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=81+kg+*+6.022+*+10%5e23 ), 
  hey ( but yeah , i think especially hdt would be the best to ask ), 
  - yes, 
  - so is homestuck, 
  - so is ra, 
  fuck ( well at least sam will start writing something new , hopefully ... or at least do nanowrimo again ), 
  i 'd expect that to produce a biological computer , like the trolls have . 
  very nearly . 
  i 'm kind of worried sam accidentally stole ey 's premise . 
  it would make a lot more sense for ra to be written by ey than sam . 
  no , do n't you see ? 
  obviously it will end on august 8th . 
  tbf iirc your criticism of it was awful too . 
  you just kept calling it `` numerology '' without explaining why it 's stupid at all . 
  it 's not like it 's your responsibility to criticize it , but if you 're going to do it , do it well !, 
  ( for those wondering , if you convert w to numbers based on its index , it 's t ), 
  maybe she 's blind ? 
  dude that 's not much of a burden , not enough to merit three unsolicited paragraphs anyway . 
  assuming my experience is average : telling the difference between people is n't magic for anyone else , either . 
  you have to work to notice identifying features . 
  here 's a list of heuristics you can use to tell people apart :, 
  - face shape , even if it 's pretty rough : is it oval ? 
  square ? 
  rectangular ? 
  triangular ?
