  even less than that . 
  i love the books , but what kind of potato is ~ ~ their server ~ ~ bookos.org running on ? 
  it might also qualify as incest . 
  hmm . 
  my racism detector is beeping faintly . 
  eh , i 'll just ignore it . 
  they can go either way , ca n't they ? 
  usually he does `` vw '' , but i thought i saw `` wv '' in there as well . 
  antihero level : speech, 
  compositionally , very good : the perspective gives it a lot of action , the pose is dynamic and active , etc etc. 
  vriska does n't line up very well at all with my mental image of her , though . 
  for one , you can hardly tell that she 's a troll . 
  no that 's gray hair you fool . 
  pfft , in new jersey we actually have to worry about * dangerous * animals . 
  namely deer . 
  ( a car once actually busted into my living room swerving to avoid a deer . 
  the guy was an extremely terrible driver in general , though . ), 
  make college free is how . 
  ( shush , we can institute communism or something . 
  i 'm sure it 'd work out . ), 
  hold your breath . 
  ( i actually have no idea but this sounds plausible . 
  also , holding your breath goes a long way toward the effect of ingesting a bunch of balloons . ), 
  also like planets orbiting binary stars are a brand new thing . 
  it 's very theoretically possible . 
  i do n't know whether there 's been any discovered up to now , but it 's really not ridiculous in any way . 
  tripartite alignment , syntheticism and fusionality , evidentiality , extensive irrealis moods , extensive aspects , and complex morphophonemics , particularly internal vowel changes . 
  oh , which reminds me , vowel harmony , as well . 
  `` net weight 5 pounds . '', 
  jesus christ , sign me up . 
  hullo , that 's why he came here . 
  this is research . 
  gamzee , and his immortality . 
  sburb . 
  i 've known american english since i was about 4 , and i had no clue . 
  i thought it was just ellipses that are finishing crumbs ? 
  god tier feferi . 
  that 's the sequence that stops a particular bomb from blowing up . 
  i think . 
  or wrong sequence ? 
  google `` descriptivism '' . 
  why not just use github directly ? 
  that 's what they all say . 
  post your setup first , otherwise we ca n't help you . 
  also , make a pastebin of the log files . 
  bubbles von salamancer memorial library memorial ** library **, 
  what 's `` thinking with portals '' ? 
  rose/roxy ? 
  are you serious ? 
  kanaya 's * pissed * at rose . 
  that 's serious relationship strain right there . 
  because that 's what makes the joke work . 
  but the bus dust is mostly dead skin , not dirt either . 
  dust is rarely dirt , unless you live in a windy dry place . 
  most people do n't have that much imagination . 
  also , it 's worse and does n't really make much sense , so maybe that 's why nobody comes up with that variant . 
  yeah , all three people who visited it in the same span of time sure did a lot of damage . 
  although they did n't crash mediafire , just disabled the link . 
  let 's turn all the other ones into emotes , too . 
  * most european lamguages, 
  but it really would be simpler and cooler if we could have some sort of javascript or plugin that would allow you to grab the content of any mspa page as an emote . 
  then we would n't have these dumb emote arguments ; anyone could always emote anything they wanted . 
  i 'd think just numbered pages , and it fetches the first gif on it . 
  if there 's no gif , it 's blank . 
  holy shit , that 's where you * live ? 
  * delicious . 
  * i 'm never trying it . 
  you 're me . 
  although i 've always known that changing chirality is neurologically a bad idea ( especially , though , after watching the king 's speech ) . 
  or you 're halfway to the airport and forgot something . 
  or you 're running very late , just spent about three hours packing/taking inventory , and you 're five minutes out of the driveway , and you forgot something . 
  i get that `` god dammit '' feeling just thinking about it . 
  i want to live there . 
  unless its cost is not proportional normally to its volume . 
  i * made * and * used * something like this as a child . 
  i 'm a monster . 
  and you 'll have your cake day again , next april fool 's day !, 
  but , i mean , what really * is * her motivation aside from kleptomania ? 
  she makes a really good point . 
  the previous flash qualifies . 
  first there was one replay button , and then suddenly there were about fifteen . 
  the lollipop disappeared into the void . 
  oh wait , that 's where they are . 
  it does n't really count when they 're very drunk . 
  no , i 'm very disorganized . 
  i keep everything in my head . 
  it seems that i keep getting less sensible as i age . 
  why 's everything related to furries irredeemably horrible ? 
  is n't it just a fetish , like anything else ? 
  oh i thought he was talking about the fetish , i knew the art style thing too . 
  i still do n't get what puts people off fetishes ? 
  disgust is relative , it 's things that are actually unhealthy that you have to worry about . 
  am i missing something ? 
  protium is n't radioactive . 
  is it metabolically carcinogenic ? 
  funny how it 's sort of the same as what actually is , except with reversed charges ( and orbitals are now known to be quantized ) . 
  - ln ( - e/e ) * sqrt ( - e/e ), 
  there , counting 's done . 
  well , of course you 're going to be offended , you 're targeted . 
  but it 's not like * we * do n't define hated and feared enemies for children as they grow up .
