  my graphics card is 144 mb . 
  no its gonn be part of bukkit but maybe ill put it on of github he he he, 
  wo n't it get cold ? 
  link karma is more valuable , because it 's harder to get . 
  this is actually the most inspiring thing i 've read all month, 
  no , seriously though , i ca n't find anything wrong with it either . 
  what 's the deal with it ? 
  yup . 
  inverse law of supply and demand , or something like it . 
  i have n't yet taken a class in economics , but it 's definitely something along those lines . 
  your gibberish is sympathetic . 
  and 1000 grass blocks to a creeper . 
  see , this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  this is / r/biology , people . 
  act like it . 
  once i finish playign halflief 3 ill post it, 
  in teh meantimr enjoy tis pregnerated map, 
  [ minecraftcirclejerk off ] i 'm actually going to post the map when i get to a real computer . 
  have fun, 
  the rest of 4chan is n't much better at all . 
  [ here you go mapppz upboaaaaaaaats [ ( http://www.4shared.com/zip/sgbskb_h/katrinas_fury.html ), 
  mostly / t / , but yeah, 
  i just lost a game for lack of sheep ... :(, 
  jeb doesnta have himeb to fix acll ur bugrs u utngraectful wwohre, 
  ith 's o prutefy easy one thoauhgh , in fact herens ' some seupdocoed to get thim strafed :, 
  8/10 , keep your tone of voice consistent next time, 
  but what about kittens ? 
  motion to reopen action to reaffirmation . 
  that is , d -  b -  whatever : c for reclamation , d for dumping ( no one seems to know about this , while this is like the first thing i ever learned about df ) , f for forbidding , h for hiding , and capital versions of all of these to undo . 
  it 's always worked , you just needed to change the path . 
  do n't tell me that you have n't been playing it on account of crashing ? 
  i went on fucking reddit, 
  a mayor being useful !, 
  i now have you tagged as `` does n't know metric '' . 
  my memory was n't fast enough . 
  mine , too, 
  what did it say ? 
  ( for those who still do n't get it : 1 = 100 % ), 
  wait , but it could be either will young or will smith . 
  unless agent j was a woman ? 
  hmm . 
  ( have n't seen movie , found this interesting as fuck ), 
  edit : well , i guess if one knows the most basic information about the movie without knowing the actor ( knowing gender ) , if the character is male , then we can only rule out one answer , and are left to decide between two . 
  however , if the character is female , then there is only one possible answer , which is simple enough for dumbfucks . 
  so , my answer is c ) natalie portman , on the basis that it 's the most obvious to people who know anything about the movie . 
  more than one phone , i think . 
  how did they expect people to figure that out ? 
  it ca n't have been * that * popular ... 
  that 's pretty stupid , i guess . 
  we need at least two thousand, 
  what size is the embark ? 
  see if you can collapse the whole thing into the aquifer . 
  i am the world 's greatest retard that has lived ever . 
  so much * whoosh * . 
  never . 
  to what is it a reference ? 
  i 've read that line over several times for its humorous effect since act 6 act 2 started . 
  how did i not notice this . 
  hahahahahwha minud one lnk kayma bitct takw fat, 
  well , to start off with , the wheels of cars move in circles , right ? 
  well , one circle is , as i 'm sure you know , 360 \u00b0 . 
  in kelvin , this is near the boiling point of tungsten , which is also why cars are made from iron rather than that , which is a more durable material . 
  now , the wheels have to be moving to create this sort of heat , so if they 're at rest and you run the motor just the engine is running and the wheels are n't generating any heat . 
  however , the engine uses cylinders as opposed to circles . 
  cylinders are like a circle , but have a third dimension , which we shall label * z * . 
  now , these cylinders are rather long , so * z * has to be a very large number . 
  due to the paris dispersal effect , these z 's will get spread around your house at equal volume . 
  if you leave your motor running , * z * increases perpetually , raising the concentration of z 's in your house . 
  * z * is directly proportional to sleep , which is why sleep is usually represented by z 's . 
  due to the increase of * z * , an increase of sleep will also follow , making you sleepy . 
  do n't worry about the headache , you 'll learn about that in psychology 102 ; long story short , the incubation of the availability heuristic affects the inductive reasoning of wernicke 's area , leading to telegraphic pains in the occipital lobe . 
  i hope i 've clarified everything in a coherent manner for you . 
  to clarify , all motion is relative ; but this is newtonian physics , and we 're using the more sophisticated model of einsteinian physics , which accounts for relativity . 
  relativity slows down the perception of the object in question , and since the perceived motion for the sloth is already fast due to the newtonian model , if we apply relativity the perception is generally inverted and it actually turns out that the sloth is thinking * backwards * . 
  oh man , i can totally imagine this guy mashing a socket f cpu into a socket g1 slot . 
  it 's a horrifying image . 
  who says he ever bought any ? 
  but if we had twot housand we could call it y :2 k, 
  so that 's why some of my stones never got picked up until i told my dwarves to gather refuse from outside . 
  thanks for this insight !, 
  you 're likening it to masturbation ? 
  dammit , any other time and my comment would have been a brilliant jab . 
  now it 's just fuckin ' dumb . 
  [ / r/minecraftcirclejerk ] ( / r/minecraftcirclejerk ) is that way , gtfo, 
  dammit , know i should have uploaded a crappier picture, 
  green fill in ms paint or something, 
  seems legit ... 
  died of blood loss ? 
  depends on what you want . 
  :d i 'd go for the forested 6x6 one with a mighty river that freezes over in the winter and splits into three waterfalls , with iron ore deposits , flux stone , and no aquifers . 
  smells a lot like the first ever non-40d world i ever played on . 
  totally downloading tomorrow . 
  serrated disks are made from metal ( therefore , a metalsmith 's forge ; you can find it under `` trap components '' ) . 
  yeah , turned out to be an acacia bow . 
  :( on the bright side , i now have a dwarf who is both a legendary woodcrafter and bowyer , who has been churning out crossbows like there 's no tomorrow . 
  this is pretty accurate : he just died in a cave-in ( yes , good idea , designate something to be channeled and mined , asshole , that will sure work out for you ) , along with a legendary miner and a legendary soapmaker . 
  those were actually the only three casualties , which somehow makes me even more mad . 
  [ the follow-up . 
  where was that ? 
  the only down vote in the thread is on your comment ... d : who the hell was that ?
