   but nobody said the core idea of science is broken . 
  there 's a couple notable people who 'd take exception to that , e.g. 
  i 'm fluent in hungarian , english , and german . 
  i 'm currently trying to learn tagalog . 
  i studied latin for 6 years in school and i can read it very well . 
  ( sadly this does n't give me amazing powers of understanding modern romance languages . 
  they 're just too different . ), 
  wireless charging barely works . 
  unless there 's some great way to get around the inverse-square law ( for example , suddenly building hyperefficient solar panels , so that we could transfer energy by laser ) , we 're kind of screwed on that front . 
  the perfect uruguay is the one that is part of brazil, 
  how about we just skip the pauses ? 
  should shave off at least a year and a half, 
  russians : very little regard for personal property . 
  a little while ago in fact they built a government based on this concept . 
  is everything more expensive in alaska ? 
  both the turks and hungarians should fuck off back to mongolia . 
  return clay to glorious roman empire !, 
  they reproduce by binary fission, 
  i am an equal-opportunity troll, 
  is there really a difference between one central asian steppe nomad people and the other ? 
  what 's yi-z supposed to be ? 
  i know there 's a yin , but then where does the extra i come from ? 
  ohhhh . 
  and so does the n . so it 's yi , not yin . 
  makes sense, 
  yeah i see it now , thanks !, 
  yeah , what made portal and portal 2 hard was 3d and non-portal surfaces . 
  that `` grace period '' being until you unpause, 
  [ izzy figured it out ] ( http://www.paranatural.net/comic/chapter-5-page-53 ), 
  it 'll never work ; -25 different religion, 
  ( or perhaps it 's even more ; i forgot what the religion modifier for vassalization is , all i remember is it 's fucking impossible ), 
  it 's an old joke . 
  that 's why the smbc referred to it as an `` old joke '' . 
  that suddenly took a turn for the incredibly sad . 
  it 's not written `` senpai '' at all in japanese . 
  it uses a different writing system from english entirely . 
  if you were transcribing the japanese character-for-character , though , you 'd end up with `` senpai '' . 
  ~ ~ time to start mouth pipetting ~ ~, 
  why are there suddenly three subway-themed submissions on the front page ? 
  was there some news regarding subway ... ? 
  we also need one that substitutes `` baby boomers '' with `` mud people '' or something, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pagaruyung_kingdom ) most glorious kingdom , make fast kill of many islamists, 
  why 'd you spit out hungary ? 
  the old borders are so great . 
  although imo a fair resolution at trianon should have included northern vojvodina ( as well as other lands near the borders that had hungarians living in them that originally got left out ) , and should have made the hungarian part of transylvania independent . 
  it would probably be as shitty as moldova or something is today , but , hey , self-government !, 
   innavigability of central america, 
  colombia in particular is so innavigable that we * still * have n't been able to build a railroad through it . 
  edit : or a highway, 
  register your game, 
  it * is * low . 
  if as a blob your mp is lower than 100k , you 're in danger of running out . 
  or the guy who tried to do sinaasappel as wu, 
  rijk does , though, 
  self reference is really cheap humor worldwide . 
  it looks maybe like the marble platform ? 
  besides the armchair psych , there 's also the [ machiavellian intelligence hypothesis , ] ( http://ai.ato.ms/mitecs/entry/whiten.html ) which more generally states that humans ' willingness to screw each other over made them evolve better intelligence , so as not to get screwed over . 
  so , one way or another , yeah , this altruism is why the rhesus monkeys are still in the trees . 
  rose can literally summon eldritch gods , which is hard to one-up themewise, 
  if you want to use the clentaminator to purify stuff , you can dig them 122 blocks apart instead ( which is half the reach of the clentaminator ) . 
  but this is almost a better solution , since it contains the spread of the corruption anyway . 
  also , i can tell what your monitor 's aspect ratio is based on this map . 
  the destroyer is really easy to farm with a well-set up arena , the nimbus rod , and decent melee weapons and armor . 
  to do it this way you have to note :, 
  - the destroyer can only move through solid blocks, 
  - the destroyer 's lasers ca n't go through solid blocks, 
  - the nimbus rod has infinite pierce, 
  so , simply build a rope to the sky ( not so high that you get harpies , but really in hardmode they should n't be much of a problem anymore ) . 
  at the top , build a small solid platform for yourself , maybe slightly bowl-shaped so that you get more cover from the lasers . 
  then , 20 or 30 blocks below it , next to the rope , build a solid block or two . 
  this is what the destroyer will be forced to use to maneuver . 
  then just get on top of your platform , put two nimbus rod clouds on either side , and start farming !, 
  make sure to renew the clouds every 20 seconds or so . 
  you can do two destroyers a night like this , if you do n't buff your magic damage . 
  you can either do this with good gear and no potions , or early-hardmode gear and lots of buff potions and healing potions . 
  i prefer using the chain guillotines as a weapon , myself ; they 're so effective in killing the probes that i do n't even need healing potions or heart lamps . 
  however , anything with moderately high damage should work , even your amarok ( which is actually pretty ideal for this strategy because it can kill the probes before they even get above your platform ) . 
  the twins are a question of how well you can evade them . 
  you have wings and frostspark boots , so the answer is very well . 
  now all you need is a good ranged weapon , and you can start killing them ( very slowly ) !, 
  the strategy is really simple : just keep running in one direction , dodging everything you can , while never letting up with the ranged weapon . 
  once you run out of room for running , turn back and start running in the other direction , leaping over the twins !, 
  if you do it right , the only problem for you should be retinazer in its second form , which will really test your dodging ability . 
  you need a lot better gear for this than the destroyer . 
  you should have hallowed armor and a hallowed repeater from farming the destroyer . 
  you can also use the megashark , which is another item that only needs the destroyer to be killed . 
  if you 're brave , you can use a `` ranged-melee '' weapon instead , like the dao of pow , the chain guillotines , or the amarok , but you 'll need to occasionally back it up with something with actual range , like a crystal storm or an adamantite or hallowed repeater . 
  also note that the twins are n't immune to the cursed fire debuff , so you should use cursed arrows or cursed bullets for this if possible . 
  get buff potions , too ; especially an archery potion is helpful . 
  retinazer for sure . 
  you can mostly evade spazmatism by running and never stopping ; actually half the reason you need real ranged weapons instead of flails or whatever is because he 'll ( she 'll ? ), 
  get left behind . 
  retinazer 's lasers , on the other hand , have infinite range and are very densely packed in the second stage . 
  very painful to be on the receiving end of . 
  how do you know op is western ? 
  edit : ah , i 'm a dummy and ca n't read maps, 
  unless the german army hires a third member , polan wo n't be appearing in the afterlife soon . 
  you 're thinking of bhutan ( seriously , how do you get those two mixed up ? 
  some basic ability in telling asians apart is inherent in everyone ), 
  what kind of second-rate nordic language uses accents ?
