  it 's not just time/motivation , but it 's also the fact that everybody else is willing to copy and paste anything !, 
  hmph , and everybody gets on my back when i use advanced image manipulation techniques to create scenery ... 
  super , super comic by the way . 
  this is one of my favorite pb comics ever ( because it is beautiful , funny , and about a familiar topic ) . 
  i must be out of touch with photoshop , then . 
  last time i remember , it had floating toolbars !, 
  ah yes , mr. `` usually uses solid white backgrounds '' , heheheh ... 
  i have no right to complain , though , i 've published exactly two comics and the `` better '' one has a formless white void in the background . 
  [ `` all alone ... '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=looy4_f2a44 ), 
  no , i just genuinely have n't used photoshop in a while ... last time i remember , it looked like [ this ] ( http://webmarketingforprofit.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/photoshop-for-business.jpg ) . 
  oh ... the previous comic did n't end with a `` the end '' sign . 
  does that mean it has n't ended yet , or did they just forget it/not put it on purpose ? 
  it 's really easy to get !, 
  i think united nuclear has some , for example . 
  i 'm not surprised to see jew for hungary , but it 's still a little weird that we 're the only ones in the area where muslims are like unicorns . 
  ( maybe because the country i visited most often near to us , besides greece , is poland . ), 
  - it 's a common principle for professional web-comic artists . 
  i do n't remember if they have a really good reason for it or not . 
  - it makes me get better at drawing . 
  - it looks more natural -- the viewer may notice otherwise , and it would seem weird to them . 
  the * reason * for why it looks weird is a little complicated to explain ; it 's that all the wobbliness in the drawing is a thing that the viewer accepts , and understands represents more fundamental idealizations such as mostly-straight edges or mostly-smooth spheres . 
  as long as the wobbliness averages out to the idealized shape , the viewer understands at the gut level that it 's meant to represent it . 
  but if the wobbles go exactly the same way all the time , then it looks like/implies that the thing that 's being represented is exactly the shape that the wobbles have , and that 's confusing , because why would they have that exact shape ? 
  this is part of a larger principle , that the things that stay the same , artistically , are meant to correspond to what the artist is trying to represent , and the things that do n't stay the same are style or accident . 
  it 's not quite a cut-and-dry principle ; for example , if you stylize people with eyes taking up a large amount of their faces all the time , does that mean that you 're actually trying to represent people with comically large eyes ? 
  of course not , it 's just style . 
  but it does apply to things like wobbles . 
  - it encourages me to change things in the background occasionally , adding extra jokes . 
  - i can explore different ways to draw the repeated thing . 
  sometimes i realize a better-looking way to draw it , and i go back and redo the ones i already did . 
  this is related to the second bullet point . 
  - there is no additional cost to changing the perspective from panel to panel , so this encourages me to vary the perspective more . 
  i hate how the article just says `` experts are skeptical '' rather than saying outright that it 's complete bullshit . 
  different strokes . 
  i landed on the mun 6 hrs after first opening the game . 
  my first 24 hours of minecraft were spent repeatedly running outside , getting killed , losing my tools , running outside to go find them again , getting killed again ... 
  you can find most torrent-able things via http://torrentz.com , which is a meta-search engine for torrents . 
  ( if you do n't know how to torrent stuff , google how to ; there 's lots of tutorials on it . 
  the idea is , instead of downloading stuff from a central server , you download bits of it directly from the computers of people who already have it , your torrent client and the torrent tracker automating all the work for you . 
  when you download a torrent file from a torrent site , you 're just downloading a file that tells the client how to communicate with the tracker to download the correct files . ), 
  you can also find some stuff that there are n't torrents for by googling ; for example , lots of textbooks ca n't be torrented , but frequently if you type in the textbook name followed by `` pdf '' into google then it 'll turn up a pdf of it . 
  this also works with applications if you append `` free '' or `` keygen '' or `` cracked '' , but those tend to be more suspicious and liable to give you a virus . 
  promoting piracy of adobe software , at least , is not unethical , because it 's part of their business model . 
  this is a great counterexample to my hypothesis that this meme and the version with the top half being red are completely interchangeable . 
  thank you , in the past 15 or so years that i 've been using the internet you 're the first person i 've ever seen to figure out this really obvious thing . 
  who 's to say they are n't just as expressive in areas other than their vehicle ? 
  although everybody knows so already , i 'd still like to point out what ridiculous weaponry they used . 
  who thought using machine guns against a bunch of running around birds was a great idea ? 
  wonderful comic !, 
  i love the depiction of serbia as someone more sympathetic than a militant kebab-murderer . 
  you must into flair immediately , though . 
  since i literally live under a rock , does this have any real-world context ? 
  ah , but so serbia is not invading montenegro right now . 
  good to know . 
  in thai , at least , it makes a collective noun ; so , `` x x '' is `` a group of x '' . 
  but this is a grammatical feature , rather than how people use reduplication in english . 
  yes , but only for things following predictable courses , especially things that are going straight towards you . 
  good luck hitting an emu with it . 
  yes , but this is the one that resembles it the most . 
  i protest the assertion that the tie wraps do n't make sense . 
  which ones would you remove ? 
  and , nothing but spaghetti wiring ? 
  come on , at most it applies only to the white wires , but even those show some organization . 
  spaghetti wiring is too harsh a word for wires that are in a bundle but cross . 
  spaghetti wiring is wiring that looks like spaghetti . 
  that is how you lose all your ammo . 
  this thread is terrible and dickrhino you 're not helping . 
  that said ... are n't swedish prisons comparable to five star hotels ? 
  or are those only norwegian prisons ? 
  i believe this is the second time america has been portrayed as the walter white of oil ? 
  both transparent and clever at the same time . 
  commented and documented in all the right places with the right things . 
  efficient and obviously extensible . 
  exactly semantically equivalent to the solution you have in your head to the problem . 
  interesting , we have [ roughly the same standards ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/26bgkz/what_is_considered_beautiful_code/chpmed3 ) . 
  but we do n't want * any * discussion in the thread . 
  we want jokes and art . 
  the thread is terrible . 
  not making standard amounts of sense is the modus operandi for rap . 
  it allows for near-instant , stream-of-consciousness composition , and much more frequent rhyming . 
  being a metamorphmagus is most likely a predetermined fact about a person , not something one can learn . 
  well , in the same way that the bad consequences of anything else are inevitable : we can at least * try * to combat it . 
  no need , my phone has python . 
  from random import random, 
  6 * random ( ) < 4, 
  strange , out of academic fields i 've only seen this preconception for geologists . 
  not quite a separate language from english , just a different way of writing/speaking it , but cool nonetheless !, 
  you should try making something with similar orthography and phonology to vowlish , but its own made-up vocabulary and grammar . 
  [ here , i personally believe it 's pronounced \\ [ \u025f \\ ] ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=3108 ), 
  i 'm talking about metamorphmagi , not animagi . 
  the point of this sub is n't to be deep , it 's to represent difficult-to-describe concepts visually , which can give a better idea than just words . 
  as a bonus , this tends to result in aesthetically pleasing stuff . 
  so , it 's okay if a submission is n't deep ; that 's not what we 're here for . 
  they got `` what is 6 multiplied by 9 '' , not 7 . 
  they * do * have the same energy-making process that we do . 
  they just have an extra part to it , photosynthesis . 
  they have mitochondria just like us , and do respiration just like us . 
  it 's just that the respiration is fueled by their photosynthesis . 
  this does n't mean for sure that that 's how cyanide kills them ; just pointing it out . 
  why the hell are we making meth ?
