  at high speeds , even small surfaces can meaningfully affect the trajectory of a thing in a fluid . 
  i think the tail might act as a sort of lever , remaining in the same place while the nose starts pointing downward very fast . 
  although , i 'm not sure that that vision is entirely accurate , since if the nose tipped further downward than the angle of attack , the air would start pressing on it in the other direction , pushing the nose further down . 
  i wonder whether you could get the same sort of sound with a trill . 
  i mean the linguistic term , not the musical one : like rolled r . that would be difficult to make loud , though . 
  agh this is not friendly to 64 kbps, 
  c level and ? 
  still does n't make sense !, 
  it might be the case that he buys himself gold . 
  after the first few sentences , you were overdoing it . 
  i do n't think reddit is capable of seeing a spelling mistake without corecting it . 
  i think the only people who would be at home with her would be that kind of conservative that cheers for their ideology like a sports team rather than defends it for reasons they understand . 
  are there any well-known , dedicated , intelligent conservatives who have said things about her ? 
  thank you !, 
  it was n't the slave-breeding that did it ( which happened for , what , 200 years ? 
  ) , but the tens of thousands of years spent in africa . 
  it is very difficult to survive in africa ; you need to move very fast . 
  as such , africans evolved high amounts of very responsive muscle , along with other goodies such as very efficient metabolism ( in exchange for producing relatively low amounts of body heat , but who needs that in africa ? 
  hmm . 
  well , there 's * twilight * , and then there 's * fifty shades of grey * where everyone is a vampire . 
  i 'd say that 's different, 
  we mostly do n't know exactly what causes the gas giants to be so colorful . 
  we 'd have to get closer for that . 
  ( of course , the general principle of differently-colored bands with two colors is well-explained : in the light bands , ammonia clouds are rising , and in the dark bands , they 're sinking , exposing darker clouds underneath . 
  saturn has more ammonia so it 's less visible . 
  but that explains only the broadest strokes , and you probably knew that already . ), 
  edit : ammonia , not methane : i am an idiot at 1 am . 
  methane is for ice giants, 
  set mun as the target . 
  warp at the landing site until its purple blotch on the navball is on the left side on the 45 \u00b0 ring . 
  launch straight up . 
  you mean that space station parts mod that i installed that crashes my computer because of lack of memory is designed to work with * 32-bit addressing ? 
  * i 'm on a linux operating system running ksp.x86 _ 64 , with 16 gigabytes of memory !, 
  what is this , a memory leak for experts ? 
  remove pierogi from premises !, 
  that is definitely only your opinion . 
  history is not strictly necessary , and not necessarily desirable to have , for a textbook . 
  if i want to buy a book on the history of relativity , i buy that ; if i want to buy a book on relativity , i buy that . 
  my opinion , at least , is that a textbook should tell you what you want to know , and not take up your valuable time with something else . 
  if you want to learn both relativity and its history , then a book that has both would be appropriate . 
  ( also , occasionally , the historical method of teaching a subject is downright terrible , e.g. 
  qm , molecular biology . ), 
  `` need one of your electrons back from the nad ? 
  better * burn yourself with acid !, 
  i now empathize with all those stupid comments people tend to leave saying , `` i ca n't upvote you hard enough , '' and `` i do n't know why i find this so funny . '', 
  derivations , empirical support , and history are different things . 
  it 's important to know how we know that the earth is round . 
  it 's not important to know that we used to think it was flat . 
  then the glass shatters all over the floor and makes a mess and maybe even cuts you . 
  you ca n't just `` let go '' . 
  responsibilities are responsibilities . 
  ( i know it 's a joke , but , for the record , it 's literally impossible to get to orbit from eve 's surface using only ion engines . 
  the t/w ratio is too low . ), 
  his probe is doing geosynchronous orbit at the surface . 
  breh, 
  i 'd love that helicopter cockpit . 
  so ... he conspired to keep the information from us ? 
  er , anonymous ( the activist group ) is definitely a thing . 
  they 've been in the papers for years now . 
  there 's well-researched books about them ( unfortunately i forget the name of the book i 'm thinking of in particular , i 'll let you know if i find it ) . 
  it 's pretty much the same in latin too ; canonically it would be `` d\u012bc mih\u012b '' , but if you were being exceptionally lazy you could probably shorten it to `` d\u012b m\u012b '' . 
  national turmoil in ireland ? 
  what is it ? 
  alas , your speech-to-text converter needs to be taught about periods , and to be less eager to insert names . 
  how is the sound on that amp ? 
  does stereo come out well through it ? 
  or maybe reddit is made of more than one person , and they all hate each other, 
  a bi-nightly venerated abelian grape would be worshipped every two evenings , not twice every evening . 
  are you sure ? 
  it 's too bad , the next guy just wanted to order 1/12 of a beer . 
  would have worked with a hydroxy radical instead of o and he, 
  `` hot uh '', 
  what drowns in rivers a lot , and is equivalent to the axiom of choice ? 
  zorn 's lemming, 
  who instituted communism in russia , and is equivalent to the axiom of choice ? 
  what is native to madagascar and is equivalent to the axiom of choice ? 
  what is north of israel , and equivalent to the axiom of choice ? 
  what gives plumbers a lot of relief , and is equivalent to the axiom of choice ? 
  the well-soldering theorem, 
  the shades help too, 
  how was it ? 
  accurate ? 
  cheesy ? 
  good ? 
  was there a lot of dialogue ? 
  for the ultimate lazy reaction he could do hydrolysis of saltwater . 
  all you need is salt and water , and who does n't have those ? 
  strange , you 're right on the money with that idea ; i had the same experience with gold and sex : before i got it , i thought , `` it sounds kind of pointless , i 'm happy i do n't have it around to conplicate my life , '' and then after i got it i was like , `` i can certainly appreciate what the big deal is about now . 
  i 'm gon na miss this . '', 
  i could n't remember the most widely-used spelling of `` maybe '' for ten seconds there . 
  good job !, 
  well , that 's because it compresses it . 
  you can see how blurry the picture got . 
  `` but it 's got one less joint than all the other fingers ! '', 
  count them ! '', 
  `` one , two , see ? 
  all the others have three !, 
  they 're not fingers ! '', 
  `` you missed that one in the back . '', 
  `` that one does n't count ! '',
