  it burns, 
  ^ ( ( actually sugar has a 1 in the blue part of the fire diamond ) ^ ), 
  so , did you major in neurology , or do you prefer not to have your sexuality define your life ? 
  well , you ca n't have it `` basically undiluted '' , though , since hcl is a gas . 
  but ok . 
  java stopped working with 32-bit browsers , and chrome never became 64-bit . 
  which is kind of terrible in itself . 
  [ tada ] ( http://h.dropcanvas.com/bjsdu/screen%20shot%202013-01-16%20at%2011.35.38%20pm.png ), 
  they are more open with each other this way . 
  most of the drama in relationships comes from uncertainty about the states of minds of other people . 
  the popsicle drug eliminates this uncertainty ; they confessed everything to each other . 
  no but it 's true . 
  whenever i see an irl zodiac , it 's really true that all i see is homestuck . 
  at first i 'm like `` oh , homestuck !, 
  '' , and then i remember that the zodiac was n't invented by hussie . 
  but the popsicle drug induces neither colorful hallucinations nor amor . 
  for the former , it 's not like jane and jake are * seeing * colors ... they 're * wearing * them . 
  it 's not a psychological effect of the drug , it 's just a physical effect . 
  as for the latter , sure , jane and jake talk a lot about kissing and babies , but a drug that * actually * increases sexual desire ( known as an aphrodisiac ) would have them actually kissing and having sex , rather than just talking about it . 
  the fact that they tell each other things and they just absorb them instead of arguing about them ( except for the brief thing with roxy having jake 's babies , but that was quite an exception , and only lasted one line ) shows that their brains are mostly * failing * to evaluate the statements that they receive , irrespective of the fact that they have to do with having sexual relations . 
  whatever kind of drug it is , the popsicle drug lowered their brain activity . 
  that does n't square with what you said , which sounds like a stimulant . 
  wait really ? 
  i 'm checking . 
  edit : oh right duh , i remember a person who worked in a sugar factory telling me about this . 
  very fine sucrose is explosive for some reason . 
  but i mean pages with java embedded in them . 
  but okay . 
  how do you do that last bit ? 
  mac osx , or ... ? 
  i did n't , and probably so did n't lots of other readers . 
  it 's better to include it for context . 
  it 's interesting , but i am getting increasingly disillusioned with journalism that ca n't have more than one sentence in a paragraph . 
  wow , this is really well done . 
  if hussie does make the events go this way , there 's a chance that it 'll look exactly like this . 
  however , i do n't think that trickster mode has been around for quite enough time as is sufficient for this happening to be a probable event . 
  they 've hardly really done anything . 
   meanwhile in any second world country, 
  it 's the same here in hungary . 
  and also in the czech republic , slovakia , poland , and other places . 
  okay , but the genes originate from there or something . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  that 's okay , it 's still symmetric on the x-axis . 
  now dig a set of rooms to the right that 's 7x2 , then one that 's 8x2 , then one that 's 9x2 , etc. , to make it part of a sequence . 
  if something is the result of the outcome of enough random processes , its distribution will look like the bell curve ( the normal distribution ) . 
  like how lots and lots of things affect iq , and iq is distributed in a bell curve ( ie it 's normally distributed ) . 
  this is supposed to be true for everything , no matter what the probabilities of the individual things that affect it look like . 
  its crystalline structure is rhombohedral , which is what gives it the different angles that are in its shape . 
  the overall shape comes from how atoms are able to attach at these angles . 
  some angles are easier to attach from than others ( and of course it will end up snapping to a `` correct '' angle ) , so as new atoms attach and the crystal grows , it will acquire a distinctive shape . 
  that is not a moray . 
  morays are convex-planar , this one 's tube-shaped . 
  this is an eel belonging to order * congrodei * . 
  my bets are on conger , since they are the largest and most common ( in areas where redditors are likely to be found , anyway ) , but if i have the scale of the picture wrong , it could also be a snake eel or worm eel . 
  briggs-rauscher , but in an interesting format . 
  i ca n't tell how they did it , though , and they wo n't explain , since it requires materials not available to the general public , and ventilation . 
  i did n't know that this was in california , and i knew the teeth thing but the length and spacing looked pretty uniform to me ( it 's obviously missing teeth here ) . 
  but if it 's in california , then the best bet is that it 's [ this ] ( http://fishbase.org/summary/ophichthus-zophochir.html ) guy . 
  88 cm , lives along northeastern pacific coast , matches the picture ( disregarding coloration , since the corpse has been sitting there for a while ) . 
  the only issue is that it seems to be found primarily at deep depths , but even those kinds of marine critters wash up every now and then . 
  there 's already been a variety of posts on that subject . 
  it 's a well-grounded consensus . 
  ` just encasing your words in backticks works , too . `, 
  i changed it to be courier in chrome , but i thought that maybe i was misremembering something and this particular thing was always this way . 
  i guess courier is n't the default for monospaced . 
  consolas , right ? 
  graduate , or grad student ? 
  the difference between the two is `` fuck '' and `` you are a wizard '' . 
  i was only making commentary on the zalgo-ness of his post . 
  what 's wrong with posting a tiny bit of zalgo text in retaliation ? 
  see now this is why i am jealous of people who do n't want phds . 
  i have the same thing , except it 's that my left eye is rg-colorblind while my right eye is n't . 
  i think that 's normal . 
  or at least i ca n't find anything on wikipedia that says otherwise , anyway . 
  whee , i used to do research in this so this is where my mind went immediately as well !, 
  though we just said `` ciliopathy '' . 
  i was diagnosed with it ( `` severe '' ) and i still do n't think it 's a real thing . 
  it 's just something that someone made up to excuse their lack of ability to focus . 
  how do we know it is n't a self-control issue ? 
  i was diagnosed with it ( apparently i was only reaching some minuscule percentage of my potential , which i think is complete bullshit ) , but i refuse to take any drugs because i think it would be unfair to the people that do n't get to take them who have n't been diagnosed with add . 
  i do n't think add is actually a thing . 
  i think anything that would actually count as add would render a person functionally catatonic , with their information retention span reduced to a few seconds , prohibiting them from understanding speech or doing mathematical calculations . 
  i want to write a short narrative from the point of view of a person like that , but i can never find the time , or if i can then i do n't remember to write it in the first place . 
  edit : hi , whoever downvoted me , could you please not downvote things that you disagree with ? 
  i 'd prefer that people voted based on whether things did or did n't encourage discussion . 
  if you disagree with me , why not instead make a comment pointing out why ? 
  or if you do n't feel like doing that , you could just upvote so that other people will see it and someone with the same opinion as you * would * make such a comment , for you . 
  ( if you do n't like me because i called something a doctor said `` bullshit '' , i * am * enrolled in a degree program for biomedical engineering . 
  not exactly the same thing , but i do already have lots of background and i know that it obviously does n't make sense when a doctor tells you that you are only reaching `` 12 % '' of your mental potential . ), 
  man , those are n't bacteria ? 
  shit . 
  describes my `` symptoms '' to a tee , i guess . 
  but i 'm still not entirely convinced that this is not normal . 
  the fact that it 's a broad range of people with the same problems only makes me more sure that it 's a personality thing and not a brain thing . 
  there 's a `` broad range '' of people that are douchebags , there 's a `` broad range '' of people that are attention whores , there 's a `` broad range '' of people that ca n't get over their feeling of entitlement ... none of these are classified as any sort of syndrome or disorder , so what 's so special about the `` broad range '' of people with no self-discipline ? 
  they 're so nice about it , too !, 
  gggggg ? 
  g_g ;, 
  or just one , seeing as though you can order sets of keyboard keys online . 
  me too .
