  he knew what he was doing . 
  wikipedia has a whole chapter-by-chapter summary . 
   least realistic change i made, 
  my first language is hungarian . 
  three of the most distinctive sound changes in hungarian from proto-uralic :, 
  p  f ( everywhere ) , e.g. 
  t  z ( intervocalically ) e.g. 
  k  x  h ( before back vowels ) e.g. 
  how * dare * you . 
  whether you should invent entirely new sound changes out of the blue depends on the time difference between your english and english now . 
  new , random sound changes will totally have occurred , say , 100 years from now . 
  ( the affricate stage is n't necessary , phonemes go directly from stops to fricatives all the time . ), 
  as a yogg 'n' load player , after the season rolls around , unfortunately i do n't think my deck will be viable anymore . 
  no quickshot and no thaurissan is a killer . 
  the worst one is the one posted a while back where the roadhog hooked a dva ult and killed most of his team . 
  i really want to like this , but there are a couple very puzzling things . 
  - the colors in the first map in the legend are different shades from the ones in the map itself , making it hard to tell what corresponds to what . 
  even already knowing what it 's supposed to look like , i had a hard time figuring out where everything is . 
  - cebuano is usually the name of visayan , as opposed to just the dialect from cebu , which is how it 's being shown here . 
  - among the maps to choose from at the end , there is one labeled only `` agta '' . 
  which agta language is it supposed to be ? 
  there 's many . 
  those questions at least have been answered , more or less . 
   how many secrets and which ? 
  however many secrets are good to have . 
  freezing is essential vs anything between tempo and control , so run two . 
  an unexpected snipe can seriously disrupt a curve , so run one . 
  explosive trap is the only full board clear hunter has , so even though it 's easy to play around , run at least one . 
  bear trap is valuable against aggro and tempo , so maybe run one . 
  ( if there 's a card you want more than any of these , drop them . 
  but there 's probably no card you can add to your deck as good as freezing trap . ), 
   how deep on beast synergy should you go ? 
  not deep . 
  there 's exactly one spell that synergizes with beasts , which is kill command . 
  you 'll rarely have a beast on the board , and rarely want to play one just for a kill command , so it 's probably not worth running . 
  running highmane might make it worthwhile , but only marginally , and most current ynl decks do n't run it . 
   do you run kill commands ? 
  see above . 
  both . 
  most ynl decks run both , and many run 2 of both . 
  more like powershot vs explosive trap , and powershot is better in most cases . 
   do you play more card draw or on board value like highmane ? 
  if you 're wondering about card draw * minions , * then they 're mostly terrible besides thalnos and azure drake . 
  the choice here is between running certain synergistic minions , and more spells . 
  and that , i think , is a question of taste , which i aimed to explore in this thread ; up until now , imo the spell decks were much more viable , but with cloaked huntress this might change . 
  i wonder if n'zoth yogg 'n' load can be a thing . 
  thing is , not drawing the combo is n't a huge tragedy . 
  you 're right that the deck ca n't have enough card draw to draw the combo consistently , but you do n't need to . 
  it 's not a win condition , it 's just an anti-control feature that lets you delay fatigue , get card advantage , and sometimes generate new win conditions . 
  the win conditions in this deck are call of the wild and call of the wild . 
  the main reason i 'm excited about this is that thaurissan is about to rotate out , and we 'll need something to replace him . 
  this can probably suffice . 
  thank you for your contribution , this is insightful . 
  but wait a minute , snake trap ? 
  dart trap ? 
  why bother ? 
  there 's so many more useful spells in hunter . 
  i would almost say that that 's too much card draw for a ynl deck ; i 've had lots of success with all my card draw being just 1x tracking , 1x elekk , and 1x yogg , with lnl acting as pseudo card draw . 
  but if you 're having good results , then it might be worth a try . 
  never seem to need quickshot ? 
  do the people you 're playing against not run minions ? 
  oh , good point ... :(, 
  well , thankfully it 's not completely essential to the deck , but it does hurt a lot . 
  the deck can still be viable in this meta even if the mechanic is replaced with something anti-aggro rather than anti-control . 
  is there archived footage of this ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  eh , running a card for the sole purpose of playing it during lnl ? 
  at least run a useful secret then , like snipe as you suggested , or bear or explosive ( which are really useful vs aggro and tempo ) . 
  you 're liable to get the less runnable hunter secrets from lnl anyway . 
  3 card lnl is actually really good by turn 5 standards . 
  this is with the help of cloaked huntress , right ? 
  imo quickshot is like frostbolt ; everyone who can should run it . 
  i would n't expect reliably having minions to trade in such a controlly deck , but i ca n't argue if it 's been working for you . 
  i ca n't imagine what removals you 're throwing at these minions to kill them , though ... 
  glad to hear the deck has potential in this fashion . 
  i 'm excited to see what new horizons of viability you will discover . 
  it 's the poor man 's freezing . 
  if you really wanted to run another variety of secret , then it would be the one i 'd pick , but really you 're probably better off running something different and more generally useful . 
  maybe run more secrets when thaurissan and lnl rotate . 
  maybe secret hunter will replace yogg 'n' load , like renolock replaced handlock . 
  too slow , not good . 
  those are good secrets though . 
  two snipes is maybe a bit too useless ; i only run one . 
  snipes lose value quickly in warriorstone , as they do n't have many good targets ( azure drake ... kor ` kron elite ? 
  harrison jones ? ), 
  and they 're expecting the second one . 
  oh yeah , that 's the other minion i raised eyebrows at upon the karazhan release . 
  but it seemed like a relatively weak addition ; an 8/8 is nothing to scoff at , but it 's no win condition , and that 's really what this deck needs more of , not another medium-sized threat . 
  if it did , more ynl players would already be running ragnaros , or perhaps mountain giant . 
  i definitely expect to see miniony variants running arcane giant , but i do n't think it helps the deck as much as it ought to . 
  i do n't think barnes is worth running in this deck , especially if you go with the more minions route . 
  if you just plop barnes into the current build , you have a 33 % chance of getting a 1/1 and decreasing the cost of the cards in your hand , and a 67 % chance of just getting a 1/1 . 
  the more minions you add , the more diluted this becomes , although spell damage minions and deathrattle minions preserve their value . 
  ( bloodmage thalnos is a 1/1 anyway , hah . ), 
  if you 're running malygos , it may have synergy , but it 's still just a chance . 
  at that point you may want to drop yogg and make a different form of control hunter entirely . 
  emperor coming in late is kind of a blessing anyway ; you 'll have accumulated higher-cost cards in your hand by that point , and hopefully lnl and/or cotw . 
  emperor sets up a very strong turn 7 . 
  very interesting . 
  2x bow looks like overkill ; maybe two gadgetzans instead and 1x bow .
