  there 's actually already an existing * extremely good * guide out there , but i ca n't remember its name and i 'm on an iphone anyway . 
  a couple of rounds on google should do it , though . 
  i hope you have fun !, 
  and remember , it 's much easier if you have a goal in mind , which is why people create `` conworlds '' and `` conplanets '' to go with their conlangs !, 
  oh , and a temporal case refers to something happening at the time of a particular event . 
  so , `` monday '' in the temporal case would mean `` on monday '' , and `` christmas '' thus would mean `` during christmas '' . 
  go play team fortress 2 . 
  it 's free ; you have no excuse !, 
  i ca n't come up with a judgement now , though . 
  first , what i 'd do is research the russian linguistic reforms that were made in the early 20th century . 
  native speakers have told me that they did very interesting things to the language !, 
  their point was to make the language more accessible , and therefore less illogical . 
  it is a substantial parallel , and it would ameliorate the results of my endeavors greatly . 
  but besides that , i guess i 'd introduce all of the irregularity that exists in natural languages . 
  i think i 'd base the whole thing on latin , which was , while rather efficient , also regular ; and , also , i 'd jack up the sememe to morpheme ratio by a ton , 'cause they were telepathic , right ? 
  but beyond that , i 'd have to have a base to work with . 
  maybe i 'll do this !, 
  please do n't assume we do n't know anything about obscene japanese homoerotic practices . 
  it 's very insulting . 
  link ? 
  i was n't sure whether it was from legit homestuck or just [ / r/homestuck ] ( / r/homestuck ) . 
  i want to do this because it 'll be fun , but * gosh * it 'll be complicated . 
  i have relatively very little freedom in this , because there are glossaries that exist . 
  d : i thought these might be useful whence to derive a phonology , but my problem is this :, 
  what i need to do first is compose a language ( or , as i like to jokingly refer to it , `` comcose a lanbuage '' , because i like to fuck with retrogessional nasal placement allophony in english ) for old high vulcan , whence to derive vulcan and romulan ( did i mention ? 
  i 'm doing all three ) . 
  this wo n't be too hard ; all that will have to be similar are the phonologies , accounting for vowel shifts and all those sorts of nifty things . 
  but i ca n't jump straight to vulcan and romulan from there . 
  first , for vulcan , i must compose a language that is a direct result of surak 's reforms ; that is , what happened right after he enacted the reform that made the language whole and pure . 
  then , * thence * will i derive the `` current '' version of vulcan , by tracing an imagined evolutionary path that results in our now-aged and well-documented vulcan . 
  romulan will be less simple and more tedious . 
  it 's essentially the descendant of old high vulcan without the reforms , right ? 
  so , a simple solution would be to develop that language much further until it becomes romulan , whatever that might be . 
  however , not being very good at constructing languages , i can only do this in ~ 400 year increments . 
  and it has been a bit over 2000 years since the language was in the state of being old high vulcan !, 
  so , the logical solution is to create four intermediaries , and have the fifth language be the true result . 
  but the language was kept at least * somewhat * stable by contact with the vulcans . 
  i doubt it was very much more stable , though , since the languages they spoke were objectively and immutably dissimilar . 
  but i think it 's enough to knock off a single intermediary . 
  and then we 'd have our three vulcan languages , and a linguistic history as well !, 
  however , this is all shot , because there is a romulan glossary as well . 
  did n't think of that , didja ? 
  why create realistic linguistic divergence , when the authors have already given you what they imagined up ? 
  it 's completely perfect in every way . 
  for example , we are given the phrase `` manil arek '' in vulcan . 
  it means `` swift death '' !, 
  so , of course , the logical conclusion for its romulan equivalent , following * two thousand years * of obstellar segregation , is obviously `` ma ' l arik '' . 
  there is no way they could have changed any more than that , especially after two milennia !, 
  because either there is something extremely pertinent and variable that lays cloaked in this limiting orthography , or * they 're nearly exactly the same damn thing * . 
  one or the other !, 
  and check out this gem from the romulan glossary ( which would be impossible to tell apart from the vulcan glossary were it not for its ever-gratuitious use of diphthongs ) : guess what the translation for `` star road of the people '' is , courtesy of a manual for an i 'm sure very excellent game : '' ` latasam stelai rom ` lnz '' . 
  it would be very unnecessary for me to speak more on the matter . 
  ( by the way , breaking character for a moment : for the former parallel , it actually makes sense somewhat for it to be that way : [ an ] does indeed have a tendency to become nasal [ \u00e3 ] , something that would in all likelihood not be shown in an english transliteration for those idiot humen , and totally what i would put in my language as well were it to crop up . 
  however , that would be across a * single * iteration . 
  maybe two . 
  nasals are short-lived , and ugly . 
  by no means would this last . 
  i 'm not sure what it would change into , but the rest of the consonants definitely would n't stay that way . 
  \\* le sign * i 'll have to employ much creative artistic licence for this to work . ), 
  exclusively for me , because i did n't see it the first time . 
  yeah , but there i can just pin it to different dialects ( which is why this is specifically * prydonian * gallifreyan ) . 
  here , i must fit it to existing canon in order for it to be usable for the writers . 
  it looks great but why the tree ? 
  [ ca n't it be motherfuckin ] ( / tc ), 
  [ both things ] ( / tc ), 
  but , anyway , thanks for the prompt answer !, 
  it was kind of confusing because she objectively lives in a place made out of concrete . 
  ... that one 's probably going to die , now that that person 's held it in his hand . 
  til . 
  `` 9000 '' --  nope , trolling, 
  hooray !, 
  we 're going to get to hear about post-scratch rose and dave !, 
  and jade too , maybe ? 
  exposition is * awesome * . 
  this is the * best thing * . 
  *** jeb get the fuck on it ***, 
  wub wub, 
  they do turn off after you actually make the turn , though , so you were half right . 
  what ? 
  where do you live ? 
  how have i been missing out on this ? 
  i love you !, 
  let 's get married . 
  ( of course this particular instance was useless , but i still love you anyway ), 
  up the tempo , add percussion . 
  never have the same exact section twice at two different points in the composition . 
  add mixing , and harmony . 
  vary the melody more , perhaps substituting the harmony like in the flash , or creating your own counterpoint ( nothing wrong with that ) . 
  then you 're solid !, 
  i think we 've all made one of these at some point , some more awesome than others . 
  wub wub wub wub wub, 
  wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub, 
  jeb fix, 
  wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub, 
  wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub, 
  wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub wub, 
  please do n't . 
  i am defeat . 
   build something so that others will want to critique it, 
  so build something bad ?
