  what , then ? 
  what counts as both not saying it and ( not not ) saying it at the same time ? 
  i 'm not even sure what it stands for as it is . 
  i assumed it stood for `` rocket fuel '' , but that 's steps or meters , not clicks . 
  and it 's a dissociative drug anyway , so it 's not likely to help wake him up a bit . 
  or just inflation . 
  in order for someone to have not not said something , they must have , in fact , said it somewhere . 
  he did n't . 
  so he did n't not not say it . 
  also , on-topic : i like the panzerbox very much , and has a load of features that i 'd give a lot for ( like the removable mobo tray , the fan filter , and all those disk drives that i probably would n't actually use ) . 
  i 'd definitely jump at another chance to buy it , even if i do n't have things to put in it yet ( actually i do , but that 's beside the point ) . 
  `` non-disclosing '' -  not saying it, 
  i decided to go with the pyro after every reputable source was sold out . 
  it arrived , and is looking glorious !, 
  thanks for the help . 
  i was watching the full ( - ish ) moon today and waiting for a post like this . 
  not disappointed . 
  you 've got it backwards . 
  the new bg of this subreddit is a rich starfield , and it makes the screen look dusty . 
  edit : herp derp , that 's the joke . 
  wow i am a loser . 
  i 'm a violinist and i respect the hell out of bassoons . 
  i 've seen diagrams of how to play the bassoon ... mother of god ... 
  this is my favorite one . 
  i was referencing the magic/more magic story floating around on the web . 
  it 's really cool ; google it . 
  for posterity :, 
   great fucking comment dude . 
  awesome stuff . 
  - jymotion, 
  the cats are dead ? 
  it just seemed like you were criticizing the grammar as well as the content of the person you replied to . 
  :\\ also , people think it 's fun to downvote comments into oblivion if they 've already got a remarkable number of downvotes . 
  much better than what i could come up with based on the hilbert space-filling curve !, 
  i was wondering what you would do for this . 
  really cool !, 
  this is based on the closed design , right ? 
  now come up with one for the peano curve . 
  i thought at first it might be dante , but no . 
  [ top left versus top right . 
  gog dammit , why ca n't you just post buckets like everyone else . 
  the hyperbole is meant to prove his point . 
  macs are fucking expensive . 
  minecraft --  shift, 
  musta taken forever to draw out all those iterations !, 
  kudos for commitment . 
  i 'd try it myself , but i lack your tenacity . 
  but why ssd and not 6 more tb of hdd ? 
  she can draw mich better than me . 
  really ? 
  could you point me to the tip of the pile ? 
  especially the seagull in dirk 's window !, 
  ** headcannon **, 
  i can not upvote this enough . 
  i have such a fetish for strategic misspelling . 
  wait , you have n't completely memorized hitherto-existing homestuck yet ? 
  she 's wearing a bodysuit , though . 
  over her face , even . 
  i just print them out , but i do n't read them at great length . 
  if i want to get serious about a piece , i simply buy it . 
  ( one exception was when my friend needed a good piece for an audition that was tomorrow , and we could n't afford to buy any particular piece . 
  we found one that sounded perfect , but it was temporarily unavailable on imslp . ), 
  i know people that would classify him as classical . 
  wow , thanks for the detailed reply !, 
  okay , i 'll definitly try the one-piece thing ... 
  i think it 'll definitely help . 
  it was indeed my intention to do something that sufficiently emulated , specifically , * vivaldi * , but honestly he seems to me to be most typical of the period ( as well as brandenburg , ha !, 
  ) , so i figured i might as well specify the whole thing . 
  so i guess a cello is then out of the question ? 
  looking at scores of existing pieces , it seems that they prefer the bass viol ... but lack a harpsichord . 
  i really want to keep the latter , though . 
  what sorts of instrumentations exist with it ? 
  the kind of piece that i want to write is the kind that you get when someone says `` okay here 's vivaldi 's concerto in a minor you have twenty-six seconds to learn it '' . 
  except with an accompaniment . 
  thank you !, 
  this is the sort of thing that i was looking for . 
  maybe someone disagrees ? 
  it was nailed down , obviously . 
  do n't question the ladder . 
  i think i might be guilty of this . 
  then again , most of my friends are definitely so . 
  thank you for this . 
  i started reading this subreddit ( as a quasi-christian , and an intelligent design-ist ) , and , while i do n't really care if any number of particular people do n't believe in a god ( and are n't monist either ) , i think a lot of people here are missing the point of religion , and focus on the religious that also miss the point of religion . 
  that 's not to say that there 's reasonable atheists out there ; i think they constitute the majority of the commenters in this subreddit ( but not the majority of submitters ) . 
  but i just really hate it when someone looks down on someone else with the `` makes perfect sense '' image mentality , thinking that people are stupid for believing a particular thing . 
  he was only taking the relevant part . 
  confirmation bias for ya . 
  yeah , but it 's the parents ' \\* responsibility * to take care of her . 
  this includes food , water , and shelter . 
  this also includes not beating her with a belt . 
  i love being greek catholic !, 
  it does n't have the child molesting stigma as roman catholic . 
  also , we 're confirmed at birth , so awesome . 
  nope , it 's the psu . 
  d : gog dammit ... well , at least i know what 's wrong now . 
  thank you very much !, 
  geez , this is the second cooler master psu i know that 's died ... 
  i agree on the theory of gradual evolution ( like you said , mountains of evidence ) , but a flaky fossil record , insufficient explanation for the thoroughness of evolution , and suspiciously convenient universe make me believe that there is some intelligent hand in all of this . 
  it 's a fun idea to throw around , for certain . 
  bottom line , though , it 's impossible to objectively prove either , so i 'll pick the choice which seems most logical to me ( that is , a combination of both : guided evolution or the like ) .
