  now , it may seem obvious in retrospect , given the context of the homestuck joke , but it took sherlock the entire episode to figure out that the user of the phone had a romantic obsession with him , and the four-character password was `` sher '' . 
  ( the phone would self-destruct or something after three wrong tries , so he could n't brute-force it . 
  a similar mechanism prevented him from opening it up and prying out just the hard drive . ), 
  by the way , have you published any books ? 
  it seems a bit ironic that a writer would n't use any capitalization in his posts on the internet . 
  then again , i can think of another counterexample in the form of hussie . 
  i love how they left out page 12 of the preview , like solving linear differential equations is some great secret . 
  what makes trigonometry so slow ? 
  as far as i understand they 're just retrieving cached data from a table , not doing taylor series . 
  okay . 
  that 's true . 
  could n't that be solved with lazy processing , though ? 
  or is that exactly the problem , that lazy processing is too slow ? 
  thank you !, 
  well , you make a mold , heat it up a little and let the gallium melt , press down the top part of the mold , and stick it in a refrigerator for a minute or so . 
  i have n't had time to read it yet . 
  be honest , who actually reads tl ; drs and does n't read the whole thing ? 
  it 's only three paragraphs , anyway . 
  i am not providing a tl ; dr on moral grounds . 
  i did say that i was assuming that . 
  maybe it 's not true , maybe it is , but my reasoning is that if you 're not going to make your ghost characters live through the entirety of the two universes , why make them live through any of it at all ? 
  it sounds like a good point to me . 
  the ophiochus is in proximity of sagittarius . 
  this may actually be what hussie 's talking about . 
  yes it does !, 
  and that 's why i hate mini-markup , because you ca n't indent it so that you can * see * the paragraph breaks !, 
  ( click `` source '' in the original post for a version with indents . ), 
  maybe le is a ghost ? 
  new implications abound . 
  actually , it sounds sort of like a standard dark ritual : you sacrifice something important to bring an undead horror into existence . 
  the universe was sacrificed to summon the ghost of caliborn . 
  it all makes sense !, 
  counterargument : `` fluxions '' . 
  eight letters , but not beginning with `` cal '' . 
  no , atoms are just made up of smaller particles , which are made up of even smaller particles , at which point you get to electrons and quarks and virtual gluons , which are just amplitude flows in a configuration space of a continuous-valued quantum cellular automaton , which makes them not really anything besides sort of 1d points or maybe numbers ? 
  if you 're having problems visualizing that , [ here 's ] ( http://youtu.be/kje9h6qs82i ) a video of a * non - * quantum continuous-valued cellular automaton , and you can see that it resembles particle physics a lot , with particles decaying into other particles and things , or particles bonding , and that 's sort of how real quantum physics works , but things can have multiple states ... 
  yeah , they 're round . 
  that looks really bad . 
  in actual textual discourse , in books and papers and things , paragraphs are separated by just as much line space as any two lines in a paragraph , maybe a tiny bit more that is really hard to notice but not that much . 
  i used the double enter to space the last mini-paragraph enough , but that 's because it was n't part of the actual essay . 
  i instead used two spaces after a paragraph , which work, 
  like, 
  this, 
  separate, 
  the, 
  same, 
  amount, 
  two, 
  lines . 
  but i ca n't indent so it looks horrible . 
  fuck mini-markup !, 
  i tried this and it did n't help . 
  what now ? 
  ( i tried both editing `` ret '' to 0 and adding `` return 0 ; '' after `` return ret ; '' , and neither helped , although the latter should n't have helped anyway . ), 
  yes , i have the same problem !, 
  did you solve it ? 
  if not , what did you try that did n't work ? 
  did you get advice from anywhere else ? 
  it 's more an approximation of fundamental particles than anything else , and that 's * really cool * . 
  it 's not enough to have to build a windows computer to run windows programs , i have to put an nvidia card and possibly an intel processor in it , too ? 
  fuck , that 's asking too much . 
  there are specific criteria to being alive . 
  it has to self-replicate , it has to respond to its environment , it has to have an information system , etc. 
  this does not constitute aliveness at all . 
  i watched the movie . 
  it took longer than sparknotes . 
  why proteins ? 
  those are the hardest to digest out of anything , because they are made up of amino acids , and you have to lyse off the amine group every time you want to turn an amino acid into food , and that creates lots of waste nitrogen gas , and that 's bad because there 's lots of energy lost in the process , etc. . . 
  go for lipid paste . 
  i ca n't think of or find a paper that directly compares the standard model to a quantum continuous-valued cellular automaton ; the comparison exists only in my brain and in the brains of a few other people whom my father and i have managed to interact with . 
  ( however , there * are * papers on the universe being a discrete cellular automaton , which annoy me a bit . 
  for example , [ this ] ( http://arxiv.org/pdf/physics/9907013.pdf ) . ), 
  my beliefs come from having looked at a fundamental description of the standard model long and hard , and decided , `` yep , this looks exactly like a quantum continuous-valued cellular automaton . '', 
  what i 'd suggest is to read more about the standard model and decide for yourself whether i am right or wrong . 
  edit : oh shit . 
  obviously the thing to do here is to become a particle physicist and write a paper on this . 
  i hope no one beats me to it !, 
  no , how it works is that it 's a physical system like a computer , and , chronologically , the computer first gets a solution from the future , verifies it , and the sends back the same thing if it 's correct , and something different if it 's not correct . 
  the point here is that you now have a solution that you have verified to be true that you never took the computational time to look for in the first place . 
  so p = np in that universe , because all you have to do to solve a problem is receive an answer and verify it , not compute the answer in the first place . 
  but the trick is even more general than that . 
  this works for any problem the answer to which you can verify . 
  you can derive information keys from nothing : break combination locks !, 
  break digital security protocols !, 
  get credit card numbers !, 
  phone numbers !, 
  cheat at deterministic games !, 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  so na\u00efve, 
  anything related to gay rights : i do n't think they 'd even be able to conceive of the differences between liking men or women or both or none important , let alone thinking that anything besides liking the opposite gender is bad . 
  at least , i hope . 
  that 's not really the way it went with races , sadly , but i do n't even understand * that * , so i ca n't expect to understand why people would n't believe in sexual egalitarianism ( although they would n't need a word for it since everybody holds the belief ) after a long period of time . 
  as i have n't yet been educated in organic chemistry , why not ? 
  something to do with the bond energy of nitrogen ? 
  i do n't think that the word `` otp '' really means anything significant anymore if people will verbally call that particular pairing their `` otp '' . 
  or maybe i 'm just bad at thinking socially abstractly ? 
  no , the problem must be with everyone else . 
  fixed, 
  learn c first , then go from there to c++ or c # . 
  maybe you could treat it as a collection of sample points , like how you draw 3d vector fields .
