  hah , retiring , my ass !, 
  i like the idea of that , actually . 
  never mind then . 
  had a summer at home . 
  i spent every summer at least 5000km from home ( as the neutrino flies ) . 
  once the ice cream truck came around the neighborhood , and i ran up towards it , and it stopped , and i stood there and ... did n't actually know what to do next , since i had no money and i was n't sure whether my mom would by an ice cream for me . 
  then it turned out to be the propane truck . 
  i derived the game independently as a kid !, 
  the floor was all orange wood ( orange as in the color , not the tree ) , and the grain patterns looked kind of like lava flows , and it made me have an idea , so i played the game of `` the wood is lava '' . 
  i read * hatchet * because it was on the bookshelf of my english classroom ( small though that bookshelf was ) . 
  i never had to read it otherwise . 
  then again , hungarian english classes might not be modeled on american english classes . 
  then again , my cousin in america did n't ever have to read it , either . 
  then again , she did n't spend all of her school years in america ; some were spent in germany . 
  then again , i went to america for school 7th grade and up . 
  as a kid it taught me roughly what life was like for children and adults in 80s america . 
  it also taught me a lot about the stuff bill watterson likes to think about . 
  at least , that 's how i interpreted the comic . 
  i did n't really understand the point of social commentary . 
  it does n't protect your ears from the sun , and they get sunburn and cancer . 
  that hat is not good . 
  i do n't think you would find enough of those to make a significant impact on the distribution . 
  that was n't one scientist , it was a whole lab ( of idiots ) . 
  whoah hello there randomly . 
  wow that is an incredible-looking mod . 
  i may buy skyrim just for this . 
  by the way , there 's tons of fanmade good games , and a couple good official ones too . 
  mnolg was great , and vnolg was pretty okay . 
  oh god i just remembered how much i hate cults . 
  uuugggggggggghhhhhhh this is terrible to read, 
  edit : this organization needs to be burned down to the ground, 
  no , if it were , i would have said `` literally explode '' . 
  no problem !, 
  it 's also super great if you are using a computer that is n't yours and you need a cas , because there 's an online version of it right on the site . 
  ( it 's kind of funny how they own both http://mathics.org and http://mathics.net . 
  the latter is the online version . ), 
  you might have already known that , though , since it 's featured prominently on the website . 
  i 'm more a part of the `` i know who mrcheeze is '' club . 
  the scientific value of what they were doing was little to none ; the experiment was conducted very poorly . 
  that 's mainly why i called them idiots . 
  but yeah , i do n't think the label fits very well . 
  same thing happened to me when i was reentering kerbin after a duna mission . 
  unfortunately , jeb flew off the handle very quickly ( because of drag ? 
  the kerbals make different faces at different times depending upon those stats . 
  eva fuel is only good enough to get into orbit around gilly . 
  that looks like mun to me . 
  oh , okay , that makes sense . 
  but how is a kerbal in orbit easier to recover than a kerbal on the ground ? 
  still hundreds of dollars . 
  your mind is in your brain ( mostly ; it 's also in your endocrine glands ) , so you would wake up in their body . 
  that said , we ca n't do brain transplants . 
  edit : however , head transplants are mildly viable . 
  we did a head transplant on a monkey in the 1970s , and the only problem was we could n't reconnect the spinal cord . 
  we 've thought of a way to do that by now , but we 're not sure whether it works , and we would n't dream of trying it on a human . 
  but then people could just post whatever they want . 
  the link is proof that that conversation went down somewhere . 
  i was n't hoping that , but now i 'm happy that it happened . 
  hell , that 's just a built-in cow mathematica has . 
  it 's more like the top of the biodome has a laser cannon on the underside , and when it shoots the function it singes the glass . 
  i do n't really understand that comic . 
  what does it mean ? 
  okay , i was just saying so , since / u/lil _ psychobuddy asked . 
  ( and for the record , i do n't even watch tv . ), 
  if you cut up nerves , they 'll scar over instead of heal . 
  it 's also the reason bionic eyes do n't work well at all yet : if you try hooking one up to the optic nerve , the nerve will scar over and degrade the signal over time . 
  do n't expect them any time soon . 
  ( source : i 'm a biomedical engineer ), 
  lasers singing glass is a pretty good analogy for lines or rays intersecting surfaces in general . 
  do you have a cochlear implant ? 
  we can do small parts of brains . 
  we certainly ca n't do whole brains . 
  the problem is , nerves ca n't be cut up and reattached like cables . 
  they scar . 
  no , throughout the course of a day , you use pretty much all parts of your brain , whoever you are . 
  ( however , deleting a bunch of neurons would n't necessarily do much , as long as they were n't localized . 
  neural nets hold up great against damage . ), 
  your body ca n't reject a brain . 
  brains have special immunological privilege . 
  there 's something called the `` blood-brain-barrier '' that prevents the immune system from attacking stuff in the brain . 
  that was a head transplant . 
  those go better . 
  we ca n't do the spine yet , so no muscle movement , but an italian scientist came up with a way to do that that might work . 
  [ read the article if you want . 
  ] ( http://www.surgicalneurologyint.com/article.asp?issn=2152-7806;year=2013;volume=4;issue=2;spage=335;epage=342;aulast=canavero ), 
  ah , head transplants are a different matter . 
  we did it in the 70s with a monkey . 
  we could n't reconnect the spinal cord , though , so the monkey could n't do much . 
  the italian guy thought of a way to reconnect the spine . 
  i do molecular stuff mostly , so i ca n't speak to the method 's viability , but that 's looking pretty hopeful . 
  [ here 's his paper , if you want to read it . 
  ] ( http://www.surgicalneurologyint.com/article.asp?issn=2152-7806;year=2013;volume=4;issue=2;spage=335;epage=342;aulast=canavero ), 
  it 's not even the missing plug that made me realize , i noticed the xlr cables not plugged in and thought `` oh '' . 
  i 'm pretty dumb , i guess . 
  this is amazing . 
  your space program is amazing . 
  you are amazing . 
  now try doing stuff on eve !, 
  the gif is reversed . 
  the cat grabbed the paper from the slot . 
  fiber is like lubricant for your shit .
