  did you not see the part where i wrote that looking at pie phonology again , it 's actually pretty neat ? 
  grace , stop being so serious !, 
  ... is something i never expected to say . 
  i guess not , but it 's still jarring for an english speaker . 
  it 's certainly the case for some coastal finnic languages and many austronesian languages . 
  bite my ass , austria . 
  our civilians died , while only your soldiers died . 
  how would you do that ? 
  also wtf is a northrhine-westphalia ? 
   turks, 
   not european, 
  atat\u00fcrk is waiting behind you with a scimitar, 
  except for albania . 
  albania is just albania . 
  you talked about them as though they were `` non-europeans '' , close enough !, 
  possibly a reference to the idiom `` water under the bridge '' ? 
  either that or the french , since dan maybs knows french . 
  haha , no you did n't , this is just banter . 
  i do n't think most turks think of themselves as european . 
  there are three kinds of people :, 
  - those who suck at linking to wikipedia articles with parentheses ( noobs ), 
  - those who replace the parens with the ascii-valued escape code ( computer-savvy people ), 
  - those who escape the second parenthesis with a backslash ( social media-savvy people ), 
  you exemplify your group perfectly . 
  what kind of browser escapes the characters automatically ? 
  chromium just copies the parens straight out . 
  what ? 
  it was a lighthearted observation ... i just thought it was funny ... 
  navy seal copypastas never get old . 
  and this one 's educational !, 
  in which case you 'd only be able to fly towards the polestar . 
  i guess there 's * multiple * lasers in orbit . 
  or maybe in orbit around the sun ? 
  but there 's issues with that , too ... 
  it would be like bearzly , the guy who [ played dark souls using the dk jungle beat controller . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hdwwhz0hdm ) actually this sounds right up his alley , he loves esoteric input methods, 
  we make this mistake routinely in / r/eu4 . 
  glad to see that india does it too . 
  but he did take rhodes , which is somewhat more impressive, 
  gage got it in a completely different place , though . 
  the effort put into coming up with it in the first place . 
  have you ever been to finland ? 
  it 's almost certainly less densely-populated than the us . 
  and , well , most of it does n't have cell towers , because that would be ridiculously expensive . 
  in hungarian , despite our well-established tendency to borrow from latin all the time , `` kurva '' does mean `` slut '' . 
  our word for `` curve '' is `` g\u00f6rbe '' , which is a loan of slavic `` grba '' instead . 
  ( it 's obviously still related to latin `` curva '' , though . ), 
  the backslash was supposed to be behind the . 
  cognate to `` kanji '' and `` hanzi '' , i presume ? 
  reminds me of the flying done in air brawl . 
  god , i love that game , it feels like a natural upgrade of all the time i spent playing altitude, 
  not butter ? 
  they do since patch 1.11 or so , but only on the same continent . 
  and , well , have you been to ah ? 
  it 's pretty indistinguishable from africa, 
   figure out how to use xfce efficiently, 
  well , you 're doing better than i am . 
  share your secrets ? 
  ooh a geiger-themed desktop , that 's a great idea !, 
  have to have it now, 
  when he fell backwards through the timestream , he must have gained some influence over it , presumably lost when he was spit out the other end at davros . 
  about the sound change : there was probably no intermediate ; b  m is more common than b  mb . 
  in the other direction , however , mp  b is at least as common as m  b. 
  single phoneme to single phoneme changes are by far the most common kind . 
  the strange ones are where both placement and articulation change at the same time , e.g. 
  w  g , but even then it 's unnecessary to posit a medial form . 
   this is essentially a pre-ww1 mode of strategic thinking . 
  before ww1 , or maybe before the victorian era , would this strategy have been helpful or common ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  everyone knows all slang originates in oakland, 
  ( it 's a joke ), 
  you may be interested in / r/counting, 
  or they go right through each other , since they 're on rails, 
  you have a good point about the compensation , i forgot about that . 
  i still doubt it , though . 
  the fact that length was n't significant in latin ( as far as i 'm aware , there were no minimal pairs distinguished only by stress/length ) makes it less likely , for one thing . 
  it does n't always . 
  but borrowing the plural , when it 's a fairly common version of the word , and maybe when you 're not familiar with the other language 's method of forming plurals , is common even on the idiolectal level . 
  just today , i met someone ( who has mandarin as his first language , i 'm pretty sure ; when i asked what chinese language he speaks , he said `` all of them '' ) who calls a `` minimum '' a `` minima '' . 
  more than one minimum is also `` minima '' . 
  interesting follow-up phenomenon : on the language level , replacing the original borrowed plural with a borrowing of the singular instead , once the two languages become more intimate . 
  for example , elderly tagalog speakers will call a nurse a `` narsis '' . 
  in contemporary tagalog , however , it is simply `` nars '' . 
  ( and nowadays it can be just written `` nurse '' . ), 
  to me , it sounds like `` spaghettis '' refers to different kinds of spaghetti , like `` fishes '' and `` peoples '' . 
  i learned english in central new jersey . 
  it 's alright . 
  everyone who has made a joke that did n't go over gets enshrined in the halls of failhalla , for their sense of accomplishment died in battle !, 
  you * will * be remembered , for eternity !, 
  no this is all i 'm afraid, 
  no , he can definitely do plurals of most words . 
  he 's been speaking english for at least 30 years now , but he still has a very heavy accent ( including the strange tendency to occasionally convert `` r '' to a flap in syllable onsets ) . 
  honestly , his accent is n't mandarin as far as i can tell , which is why i asked him in the first place . 
  nope . 
  i do n't think that 's a chinese thing at all . 
  why do n't you just release tibet then and quit sticking your government where it does n't belong !, 
  he 's probably thinking of the spiderman theme , or something , since he 's so clueless about superheroes, 
  it seemed like a good idea at the time, 
  no , there 's plenty of extant pitch-accent languages , like serbian . 
  but they only have tone on one syllable , which distinguishes it from the rest .
