  in papiamento , multiple syllables can have tone , and at the same time , one of them can have stress . 
  i multiply by 1, 
  1 can be the base of an exponent, 
  there 's a scene you 're forgetting where george is supposed to read aloud a card to lorraine , and he mispronounces it . 
  it 's really uncanny , actually . 
  the manchus were ruling over china only a couple hundred years ago . 
  now their language is moribund . 
  the magyars invaded pannonia , and a thousand years later everyone in hungary still speaks hungarian , despite having nearly nothing to do with the magyars genetically . 
  this seems to be a thing for certain language families -- indo-european , sino-tibetan , austronesian , somewhat uralic ( although all we 've managed to assimilate is random turks ) . 
  it does n't seem to slow the danes down . 
  literate cultures do tend to have more word stems , though . 
  yupik has around 2200 stems according to jacobson ( 1984 ) , and yurak has around 2500 stems according to lehtisalo ( 1956 ) , while the `` arabic lemmas '' category on wiktionary has 7,613 entries ( and `` english lemmas '' has over 400k , but that 's bloat ) . 
  that `` civilization '' , or more specifically literature , does lead to more words , although i do n't think `` fortnight '' would be an example of that phenomenon . 
  by their nature , these `` extra '' words would be more common in or nearly exclusive to writing , so no true scotsmaning about that is pretty pointless . 
  but apart from that , better recording , or biased recording , is not a problem here . 
  i 'm sure jacobson , for example , did his best to record yupik stems , even obscure ones . 
  if he finds some more stems in contemporary yupik literature , he 's not just going to ignore them , on the same grounds as he did n't ignore obscure stems in spoken yupik . 
  and he 'd include them in his count according to the same criteria for being in use as he used for including words in spoken yupik . 
  the extra stems in literate cultures just come from counting the stems from literary language along with stems from spoken language , and the fact that that count is greater than just the count of spoken stems is disappointingly obvious to both of us . 
  ( it 's also possible that high literacy actually puts more stems in the spoken language , but i do n't have any support for this , and i do n't think that 's necessarily true anyway . 
  note that either way , though , the number of words you can understand increases if you 're literate . ), 
  the actual problem in my comment was that stem counts according to the methodologies of jacobson and lehtisalo are n't directly comparable with wiktionary lemma counts , but it 's the best i could do on short notice . 
  hungarian numbers are derived from a weirdly adapted base 8 system . 
  we routinely produce some of the best mathematicians in europe ( and also the world 's best female chessplayer , but that 's neither here nor there ) . 
  anticoincidence ? 
  i think so !, 
  it looks like a cross between armenian and georgian with sprinkles , but your language is n't turkic so what gives, 
  edit : i 'm an idiot , neither of those are turkic, 
  itt : debate about whether that 's true, 
  except that iq is n't an especially meaningful measure of intelligence anyway . 
  the point is , an 8 year old probably would n't say things as dumb as this, 
  i do n't think i 'd say `` with my fingers '' , mostly because there 's the matter of cutting the green bit off with a knife first, 
  but that involves thinking and dexterity , and i am decidedly clumsy, 
  cause blood 'n' strawberries tastes better than green 'n' strawberries :p also i do n't think i 've ever cut myself while cutting strawberries , although i 've definitely cut myself cutting other things, 
  aww but i thought girls were supposed to be crazy insightful about people n stuff, 
  is n't this ancient news ? 
  plus a bit of greek , but the scripts themselves are already inspired by greek . 
  remember to continuously exhale while going up , though , or else your lungs will burst . 
  actually , with the momentum you can pick up , it might just be a bad idea in general ... 
  oh my yahweh , i never thought to connect the proto-uralic disyllables with the semitic triconsonantal roots !, 
  of * course !, 
  new jersey 's center of mass is located in trenton . 
  uk , germany : eh , forget that whole balance of power thing , it was pretty stupid anyway, 
  :( we believe in you , theodoro !, 
  eh that 's not so bad , his biggest error is underestimating the number of languages in the world, 
  an intro algo problem ? 
  i mean , it 's harder than fizzbuzz , but this is the stuff you can find in algo classes ' midterms . 
  i now understand those who complain about comic sans, 
  what was the iraq war , then ? 
  why ? 
  no , i mean , the iraq war can be interpreted as an investment to protect the us 's oil interests in the middle east, 
  ahh . 
  i 'll explain my side of the joke , then . 
  according to ravila ( 1957 ) , proto-uralic word stems were either disyllabic or monosyllabic , and the disyllabic ones exhibited vowel harmony . 
  stems could n't end in a consonant , and could n't have initial consonant clusters . 
  the middle , however , could have consonant clusters , although single consonants were also common , such as in my flair , where the roots are * p\u00e4\u014bi * , * \u015bora * , and * kala * . 
  this leads to every disyllabic word root having either 2 or 3 consonants . 
  in modern uralic languages , traces of this system surface as vowel harmony , and alternating prosody with the first syllable having primary stress and every other syllable afterwards having secondary stress . 
  it 's fun to try to connect this to the semitic trisyllabic root system . 
  just for fun , can you find any `` cognates '' in this list of proto-uralic words ? 
  - \u0161oppa , `` dry '', 
  - sop\u015bi , `` netting needle '', 
  - \u00f0\u00e4p\u00f0\u00e4 , `` milt '', 
  - tykti , `` loon '', 
  - kekt\u00e4 , `` two '', 
  - myksa , `` liver '', 
  - \u015b\u00fck\u015bi , `` autumn '', 
  [ and a whole bunch of other ones . 
  well , i mean , obviously there are n't any real ones , but nothing even by coincidence ? 
  sucks bad man , maybe the guy from the article was wrong after all . 
  tech n999999999999999999ne !!!!, 
  seriously , he was one of my favorite rappers until i listened to too many tracks with his name at the beginning . 
  ftfy, 
  for a second i thought you had suggested the site of the moscow school of nostraticists ; they have them too , but i instinctively distrust them, 
  well , the alternative would be to have it in a pocket , and nothing on her looks like it has especially secure pockets , if they even have them ... 
  the title though makes it sound like this was unique to tang china , when in reality it was very common in various forms throughout the centuries . 
  there 's recorded inoculation practices from before tang 's smallpox dust , too ; for example , the holy communion among christians . 
  admittedly , tang 's method is perhaps the earliest form of inoculation i know of targeted towards a specific disease , but that surely had precursors too . 
  edit : vikings are post-tang , sorry, 
  yeah , but no one does that , which is why it 's important to get the title right . 
  whether it was supposed to be an inoculation practice or not does n't matter ; it definitely functioned as one . 
  it has a nice eastern feel to it . 
  do you also dislike armenia 's flag ? 
  yeah , for a moment i thought the comic was featuring ingria , forgetting that their flag 's yellow and not green . 
  typical guly\u00e1s of me ; we borrowed the persian word for `` yellow '' ... as our word for `` green '' . 
  wait , it 's not `` wooj '' ? 
  fuckin poles and their inability to use their vocal cords consistently, 
  \u0141 is from back when that sound was pronounced like english or russian l. people got tired of sounding like complete morons , and started pronouncing it like ... w , instead , which is barely better imo . 
  the three levels of each fricative and affricate are necessary to differentiate between the three different placements . 
  the dental ones are plain , the palatal ones have an accent mark , and the retroflex ones ... are kind of all over the place , actually , especially considering `` rz '' and '' \u017c '' are pronounced the same as far as i know , and `` trz '' is pronounced the same as `` cz '' in the south . 
  imo `` sz '' should just be replaced with '' \u1e61 '' , because then nobody will confuse gulasch with pierogie . 
  the palatal ones in particular used to be pronounced like `` sj '' , `` zj '' , `` tsj '' , `` dzj '' , but then poland decided to man up and distinguish it by placement instead , leading to their hilarious effeminate lisp today . 
  \u0105 and \u0119 are nasal versions of `` o '' and `` e '' respectively . 
  they are a cheap ripoff of french , and honestly france should sue the hell out of the poles for stealing their epiphany that your language , properly spoken , should make you sound like you have a cold . 
  ( the sad thing is , the common ancestor of the slavic languages had nasal versions of * all of its vowels . 
  \u00f3 is an affront to god . 
  well , formally , you 'd expected it to be pronounced like `` woo [ gy ] '' , but with the last affricate somewhat further forward in your mouth , making you sound more like an italian trying to say the first sound in `` giochiamo '' ( except for the fact that italians are physically incapable of ending a word with a consonant ) . 
  brunei big enough to have multiple races ? 
  wrong century !, 
  edit : then again , singapore,
