  did he inhale helium before the beginning of the clip, 
  doomsday device ? 
  those are some weird-looking portals around it . 
  we know he 's got `` extrauniverse channels '' , so maybe this has to do with those ? 
  ah , good call , that seems likely . 
  is this shtick related to the dialogue in the comic ? 
  it 's a little difficult to follow . 
  rhombuses are parallelograms , but that 's not even a rhombus, 
  everybody knows it was renowned acton kevin bacon who invented science, 
  i really really wish i 'd get to play control hunter again , not face hunter, 
  yeah , anyfin pally is more common than hungry crab , so you should play tinyfin over wisp . 
  edit : actually , does it * really * mess with anyfin pally enough to affect the outcome of the game positively ? 
  the first anyfin rezzes six murlocs instead of ( ideally ) four , and this deck has a very limited ability to clear minions . 
  only the second anyfin has a chance of being botched , and it 's probably unneeded . 
  i mean , i 've never actually seen a brother printer that prints colored , so the post is very plausible, 
  really , the only truly oppressive thing would be if both of the cards in the combo could be run as two-ofs , otherwise it 's not so bad . 
  man that would be overpowered though, 
  i 'm sure there 's loads , they 're just less common to see , at least where i live, 
  serious question , where can i find more like his music ? 
  it 's so great, 
  thanks !, 
  so , this makes sure someone wins the fatigue war . 
  step 1 : play bomb squad, 
  step 2 : play this card, 
  step 3 : leeeroooy jeeeenkiiins ( or , who dares summon me ? ), 
  alternatively : run doppelgangster or ancient healbot , play ancestral spirit/explorer 's hat/soul of the forest/infest on it , play this card on it . 
  i think this might only be good when comboed with freezing potion . 
  i do n't think i 've ever experienced a board state where 12 face damage is worth it in exchange for all their minions . 
  the only situation i can think of where the tradeoff becomes worth it is versus endgame jade druid , but by then i could very well be at 13 health . 
  it 's a very interesting design , anyway . 
  thank you for sharing it with us . 
  you have a point . 
  when would the meta ever have enough control decks in it to justify running this in cw , though ? 
  can you believe this comment is the highest link the the bbm in this thread ? 
  i thought it 'd be at the top . 
  there are far more garbage warrior , paladin , warlock , and hunter spells to get out there . 
  how about : shield slam , anyfin can happen , demonfuse , and bestial wrath . 
  ( ach has the bonus of not being playable unless you have a way of gaining 4 extra mana crystals . 
  but even if you could play it , it 's likely to be useless unless you 're up against an anyfin paladin who 's played exactly one anyfin so far . ), 
  in zoo , you probably will only have one card in hand . 
  and if that card is malchezaar 's imp , then you wombo-combo out to draw your whole deck in one turn . 
  this looks good in control decks that run out of cards , i.e. 
  control hunter ( there are no other examples afaik ) . 
  it 's also completely insane in discolock , as others have pointed out . 
   i choose you, 
  it 's possible red-blooded trolls are immortal . 
  we have n't actually heard of one dying a natural death . 
  i 'm most worried about terezi . 
  blame reddit 's brilliant formatting, 
  what 's `` counter '' ? 
  huh , it 's bold . 
  sure , if you 're playing control warrior . 
  what if you 're playing literally anything else ? 
  best case scenario , you just played a kazakus potion that gives you 10 armor last turn . 
  hopefully you have some left over . 
  and of course also \u00e4teritsiputeritsipuolilautatsij\u00e4nk\u00e4, 
  g e l a t i n, 
  fwiw , thank you , i could n't figure that out on my own, 
  so this is , like , what , * four * single-use products `` magnum '' can refer to ? 
  - ice cream, 
  - condoms, 
  - firearms cartridge, 
  - liquor , apparently, 
  edit : ~ ~ it seems they actually mean the condom . 
  edit 2 : nvm , it can mean `` a large bottle of champagne '' , according to below commenter, 
  i think they mean stagger the times , i.e. 
  first bring out a few , then bring out a few more next week , then bring out a few more next week , etc, 
  i can not load the gif , but i 'm guessing it 's some variety of `` the joke , your head '' or `` that 's the joke '' ? 
  edit : i was right !, 
  hey , i just wanted to help :(, 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  must be the champagne, 
  the flower at the bottom right really sells the mayan-ness, 
  rraawk , i see gold in your future, 
  tack the effect onto an expensive legendary minion to make it balanced . 
  then it is cool flavor . 
  the little star does n't appear if you edit it within 3 minutes . 
  i edited within 1 ( retrying reloading the gif worked ) . 
  eh , reno priest often runs it , but i was mostly being facetious, 
  shinra electric power company, 
  i do n't remember him saying they live short lives , but if he did , then yeah , that kills it . 
  which is down right now !, 
  what the heck ? 
  the only reasonable number here is 14, 
  yeah , he 'd be unplayable garbage otherwise . 
  it 's the only reason to play him . 
  it 's one of the random hints you can get on the loading screen , so i guess it 's considered a base game rule . 
  this is undercosted . 
  it can be a 5 mana 6/6 , but also a 3 mana 6/6 overload ( 2 ) . 
  and then there 's the discard synergy ... 
  remove a health point and it 's significantly more balanced ( since it dies to volcanic potion and demonwrath , which both cost 3 mana and are run ; it also dies to holy nova and thalnos + fok , although those are 5 mana without a prep ) . 
  really , though , i can see this as a moroes-like 1/1 . 
  bottom john resembles those older daft punk cartoons a little, 
  i mean , if they 're bragging about the difficulty of getting the shot , i really doubt that it 's anywhere near a paved road accessible by car . 
  nobody 'd brag about that . 
  it 's where i learned about yourmoviesucks !, 
  oh jesus finally a way to remove 4 health minions as hunter . 
  yes please . 
  ( maybe a little expensive ? ), 
  give it some kind of drawback , like dealing damage to your face or something .
