  it 's on par with arthas as a reward for completing an adventure in heroic mode . 
  it 's fun versus adventure bosses as well , if you 're into that . 
  aw man . 
  shows what i know . 
  was considering crafting it for that particular application . 
  geez , i knew they were descended from phoenician in some manner , but did n't expect frickin ' * old italic * one of the intermediaries . 
  why do they look so strange then , if they 're practically descended from the latin alphabet ? 
  i mean , it 's the only real way to delete comments on reddit . 
  the revision history of a comment is n't stored , but deleted comments are . 
   no faceless shambler, 
   no defender of argus or sunfury protector, 
  do you even handlock ? 
  hatebears is kind of like tech cards : the deck . 
  but it does n't necessarily have to do with just `` saying shit '' . 
  it 's written right into the script 's message :, 
   it was created to help protect users from doxing , stalking , harassment , and profiling for the purposes of censorship . 
  what if you want to have a career as a politician or a celebrity later ? 
  if journalists find your reddit account , any stupid thing you said 5 years ago can be used against you , even the most benign things that sound less than charitable when taken out of context . 
  it 's good that this tool exists . 
  murloc hate : board clears , amirite ? 
  at least the paladin hero power does n't take up a card . 
  you could make the battlecry `` shuffle two copies of this card into your deck . 
  give all persistent imps in your hand and deck +1 / +1 . '', 
  maybe also make them green and reduce the cost to 1 mana . 
  explore ungoro into this guy is * insane * value . 
  it was a joke about how good jades are . 
  your version is way cooler . 
  sorry , i did n't literally mean `` crime '' , more just generally `` bad thing '' . 
  ( but then that is too general . 
  if you are trying to hide the fact that you are very racist or something , maybe deleting your posts * is * a bad thing . ), 
   it 's well within their rights . 
  just as it 's within my rights to mock them for being self important children without the spine to stand up for what they say . 
  not standing up for anything you 've ever said on the internet is n't necessarily being spineless , it 's just sometimes the wisest thing to do ; there 's plenty of situations where `` standing up for '' whatever you wrote is a complete waste of time that will just make your life worse , even if you are in the right or have changed your mind since then . 
  remember when somebody found out that anita hill had allegations to make against clarence thomas , and it turned into a whole thing ? 
  and hill stood up for her allegations , and was * still * made out to be a public enemy ? 
  imagine how easy it is to create that kind of controversy about someone when you can just dig up their comment about a celebrity they made multiple years ago . 
  hill was brave , but following her example can destroy your reputation . 
  and with the amount of random , casual comments that people put on the web , not all of them even make good ... hills to die on . 
  ^ ^ \\ ( sorry ) it is very helpful if you do n't have to worry about anyone taking your comments out of context years later . 
  i am certain that that 's what op meant , but the joke is that board clears counter them even better than their designated counters . 
  that said , twilight flamecaller actually makes a decent hatebear vs pirates . 
  i mean , you 'd usually rather run a better card , but thematically it 's a low-cost 2/2 that hard-counters something . 
  it 's okay to make it neutral . 
  i 'm in the camp that increasing the cost of ironbeak owl was unfair , and just lowering the stats would have been good enough . 
  if it 's a priest class card , maybe make it a 2/2 or a 1/2 . 
  it 's true that the tech cards are * good * if you 're playing them vs whatever they counter -- otherwise people would n't run them -- but i think vs aggro decks , it 's more important to control their board as fast as possible than anything , and having a 1 mana 3/4 is ultimately a slower way to achieve that than just destroying anything . 
  where the crabs really shine is their ability to clear important minions that board clears ca n't , such as southsea captain . 
  well , if they 've already got all the pieces , then you can still counter it by ending your turn with 10 cards in hand . 
  but then you miss out on getting to use social media . 
  i guess it 's for the best ; i would n't recommend reddit to anyone . 
  yeah , but as a modern version . 
  it 's pretty key in taking advantage of your `` big '' cards . 
  this is reddit . 
  if i had n't added it , then people would assume i 've misunderstood the card and downvote me for that then . 
  oh well ; `` if you ca n't say something funny and difficult to misinterpret , then do n't say anything at all . '', 
  but whenever someone writes `` discover '' on something in this sub , people pedantically point out that if it 's a strict discover , it will also add the discovered cards to your hand . 
  that 's not the intent of this post , so either they 're wrong , or `` discover '' is n't the right word to use here . 
  [ [ that msog mage legendary ] ], 
  10 mana , get 6 cards : balanced ? 
  should be 1/2 or 1/1 to prevent people from playing it for any other reason than the effect, 
  i figured he needs it burnt . 
  did n't we just see him handle a bunch of `` for your eyes only '' documents ? 
  combo it with wailing soul the next turn for maximum value ? 
  that did n't work out very well . 
  that lineage of `` domesticated '' foxes still produces terrible pets . 
  down with language diversity i guess ? 
  [ there was a thread on this a couple days ago in / r/linguistics . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/6x5mkj/does_the_claim_that_cantonese_is_more/ ) seems like it 's a myth arising from mandarin changing in ways that specifically make it a bad chinese variety to read tang poetry in . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  those useless non-english natural languages never did anything for us anyway , apart from providing insight into how humans learn and understand language , and allowing us to better map out the history and prehistory of the world via loan strata , and giving us different , interesting ways to experience prose and poetry . 
  but now that we 've collected all the information worth collecting from the world 's existing languages , we 'd better get to killing off all of them , so that nobody would ever have to learn more than one . 
  it 'll save time in the long run . 
  what have you done ? 
  that 's way too overpowered !, 
  blizzard would never print such a card !, 
  better knock off one card from the card draw . 
  what stuff ? 
  this is way better than what i came up with . 
  or maltese being an italian dialect in mussolini 's italy . 
  did n't she rotate out ? 
  i think this guy is talking about defile . 
  huh . 
  she really does suck then . 
  poor onyxia , not even evolve shaman wants her . 
  it looked like an envelope . 
  the people who make this kind of argument never think about where the linguistic diversity in the hypothetical is coming from . 
  the joke is , the us already * does * have enough native languages for each state to have its own language , many times over . 
  they 're just spoken by very few people , and dying . 
  so imagine if they were n't . 
  there 's your `` 50 different dominant languages '' usa . 
  it has a much stronger connection to its pre-colonial past than present-day usa , and has a much larger native component to its national and regional identities and cultures . 
  all the linguists and anthropologists are slightly more relieved , because far less of these native languages and cultures are in danger of dying and taking the history and human expression embedded in them with them ( but really , there 's always a language and culture to worry about dying somewhere ) . 
  all the people of native descent or culture ( which is everyone besides immigrants ) are more relieved and less lonely , because there are many people around them who they share a cultural connection with . 
  if all of these linguistically different territories are united under one country , then there is also a language of convenience to unite them that most everyone speaks as a second language , like english and `` filipino '' in the philippines or mandarin in china . 
  ( since it 's the usa , it may as well be english . ), 
  it 's not a terrible usa , this hypothetical one , and honestly it can totally be a better one than what americans have today depending on the details . 
  it 's too late to have it now , though . 
  the best we can do is to not kill off what little linguistic diversity we have left . 
  but it does n't * swap * decks , it just copies it . 
  it sounds like the whole point of the yugioh combo is that your opponent gets your empty deck .
