  i ca n't think of any reasonable explanations . 
  oh , okay , makes more sense . 
  i found that the strongholds were n't really fewer , just moved . 
  i know the organization , i just want to find the law ... 
  edit : herp derp , it 's explained on the page . 
  they wanted google to pay them 12 cents per video . 
  god i 'm stupid . 
  well , now we know !, 
  it 's sad how the other exiles are still there for the final scene . 
  wq , ar , i miss you guys ... 
  lots of popular dell desktops have it towards the bottom , i ca n't remember the name though . 
  expanding relative clauses is not cool d :, 
  i often tell people to stuff it in the cloud , but when i say that i mean upload it to a server , usually dropbox ( other servers include recently icloud and for a long time past gmail inbox ) . 
  the nice thing about saying `` cloud '' is that it conveys the idea that i 'm not jamming it on some disk here , but this floaty-cloud-thing that we access from the air ( although i know that it 's actually on the hard disk of a server somewhere ) . 
  the imagery is appropriate from the end user point of view . 
  this works . 
  i had to read this several times before i got the flaw in their argument ... they wanted to backup a server by installing rdp !, 
  that database sounds too big to back up on a laptop anyway . 
  edit : why is this being upvoted . 
  it 's just me being stupid and making one obvious observation . 
  ah well , not complaining !, 
  edit 2 : there that 's more like it, 
  i must have been meeting the wrong violists then ... :d, 
  the darndest thing is that the first time i watched it , before the retcon , i did n't notice godtier karkat , and after i heard he 's in there i watched it again and found their eyes whited out . 
  this confused the hell out of me , but now i understand it ... 
  this is win . 
  we need one . 
  really ? 
  iphones must be bigger than i thought . 
  wow , i avoided this link for a while , expecting something totally more different and infinitely more stupid . 
  but these are excellent works of art ; good job !, 
  that 's very true . 
  i often find images like that . 
  prioritize wheat . 
  it is used for more builds than anything else :, 
  timber : 1xroad + 1xsettlement = 2, 
  brick : 1xroad + 1xsettlement = 2, 
  sheep : 1xsettlement + 1xcard = 2, 
  wheat : 1xsettlement + 2xcity + 1xcard = 4, 
  ore : 3xcity + 1xcard = 4 , but it 's used for 2 things rather than 3, 
  this is nothing . 
  i 've spent four straight days playing minecraft nonstop with west-to-east jetlag . 
  that 's ~ 100 straight fucking hours right there . 
  land of lisp ? 
  imagine living for 100 years . 
  you say goodbye to all of your family members , laying to rest being glad for every single moment of your fulfilling life , not wanting to have missed any of it . 
  you die a happy , content person , grateful for the life he has had . 
  now imagine living for 98 years . 
  imagine being 100 , imagining living 98 years : two years that have gone by , two years that you have spent being happy and productive !, 
  imagine losing those two years , those years that you would have looked back on as necessary and wonderful . 
  imagine thinking horrifying thoughts of having been denied these experiences . 
  as you lie on your deathbed , think of these two years . 
  and remember . 
  seriously what the fuck dude . 
  it depends on how you count it . 
  i count it as somewhat greater than 50 % density . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a chemically addictive component , it 's just that that 's 2 fucking years dude . 
  like , holy shit . 
  some major time loss right there . 
  it 's like , would n't you regret even part of that ? 
  well , i have 3gs , so : /, 
  sorry , upvotes are assigned by seniority . 
  have you heard of lily pond ? 
  this made me want to work on my a.i. 
  a bit more , but i 'm stuck on a conscience . 
  ( seriously , believe it or not . 
  i have memory , senses and actions basically all worked out , it 's so sweet , but i 'm stuck on the decision-making process itself . 
  there id is just the sum of the a.i. 
  's emotions , and the ego needs both the superego and id to work , so i 'm stuck with making the superego first . 
  but i suck at it . 
  what ? 
  where do you live ? 
  seinfeld airs regularly here on the east coast of america ... 
  i was waiting for someone to ask about the details . 
  no disappointment thanks to you . 
  hyper-ambitious . 
  and yeah , i 'm structuring the actions like a browser . 
  data in is from http , ftp , or irc ; i 'm working on https , pop , and imap . 
  data out is ftp , irc , writing to drive , or plaintext in the application window . 
  it 's heuristic , c++ based , with the main goal of holding up a conversation like bro 's auto responder , and the secondary goal of learning how to control any database from inside-out and make intelligent inferences from data . 
  the way i have the memory set up will allow for sufficient learning and reasoning ( damn still need to do reasoning ) , what i 'm worried about is verbal recognition though . 
  although , with data from the internet , some associations are easy to make based on proximity . 
  for example , if i point it to the right places , it 'll become a friggin ' expert on cats . 
  ( goddamn it i still need to do separation of foreground from background . 
  fuck , this is gon na be hard without a feed that moves , i.e. 
  pictures as opposed to video . 
  i think i 'll let it browse youtube and wikipedia first and see what comes of it . 
  so yeah . 
  i 'm mostly counting on the heuristic algorithm to work its magic , but i 'm reasonably sure my build would work just fine to some extent . 
  thanks for the interest !, 
  edit : no wait i can do reasoning by making propositions a thing in the data system !, 
  this approximates human reasoning anyway : concentrate on a few related propositions at once , forget about ones distant on the grid . 
  oh boy thank you for making me think about this . 
  i appreciate the sentiment . 
  well , there 's a lot of those though anyway . 
  remember every single mario rpg ever made ? 
  ohkay makes sense . 
  i would n't mind this being part of minecraft at all ; it 's very well thought out and \u00e6sthetically pleasing . 
  however , the small house is a bit cramped ( compared to the crafting table , it looks smaller-than-life ) , and i think the smithy should contain more lava , as a result of the abundance of lava pools in deserts as opposed to other biomes ( or at least their ease of discovery , i do n't know whether they are actually more common or not ) . 
  do n't worry this one is chinese,
