  well , same 's true for one ... but both of these are only good for degrees in whole numbers . 
  i 've never forgotten to capitalize the at symbol in my arabic loanwords . 
  oh my gosh , these are great !, 
  thank you !, 
  just what i was looking for ... 
  i 'm waiting for an epic hangover on her part . 
  surely hussie will not disappoint . 
  i am really loving the character development of the striderbot . 
  it 's just interesting ... as ... fuck to wonder what sorts of `` cognitive algorithms '' could be behind all of these turning intellective gears . 
  [ makes me want to work on my a.i. 
  a bit more again . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/ou2pg/upflarp_6390_roxy_flirtlarp/c3kedd2 ), 
  that works i guess, 
  if you play with pieces that are n't in the original set . 
  half slab ? 
  like , a quarter block ? 
  because i thought o remembered half blocks existing ... 
  oh , you mean sand slabs and not sandstone slabs !, 
  oh , that would be pretty cool ... 
  i love it . 
  i loved the line from the other thread , and i love this . 
  great job !, 
  dad . 
  since i have n't been around here until recently , this was my first time seeing this . 
  it was hilarious . 
  i can not believe assholes are downvoting you like this . 
  if you do n't want to use mods , that does n't make you lazy ; i 've had so many terrible experiences with mods that i 'd be incredibly put off , too . 
  it adds so much inconvenience to minecraft that just thinking about it makes me want to force update my . jar . 
  what the fuck is your problem guys . 
  ( it 's okay , it took me a couple seconds to remember , too . ), 
  the iphone was a good platform for stickwars/defend your castle , though , imho . 
  yeah , but moot point 'cause water ca n't flow over half tiles . 
  there 's that too, 
  ahem nintendo are you paying attention \\* cough *, 
  ( i 'd buy like ten copies and donate nine of them to people too poor to buy it ; i 'd have to hold a fundraiser for the consoles themselves though ), 
  i wanted to get one of those , and my family 's budget slipped damn right over it . 
  i guess it 's okay though , given how there are , like , two games for it . 
   emp creepers, 
  what 's this do , turn off your redstone clocks ? 
  called `` cactuses '', 
  by the pixels bro, 
  i was gon na upvote you for paying so much respect to our military , as i feel that this needed to be said ... but you really should n't have insulted the commenter . 
  that just was n't appropriate . 
  my self-repairing fortress does n't need any redstone , but my alarms and traps sure do . 
  but the creepers ca n't just turn redstone torches off , that would be illegal ... 
  wait they 'd make them pop off the wall oh fuck, 
  even with a good director that would make a pretty boring movie let alone a real life conflict, 
  edit : what i mean is that it would n't be visually enjoyable to watch , all it would be is people walking around in suits talking in an intense manner, 
  reading this , i felt like the same way as i do when dramatic irony leads to characters killing themselves in books . 
  except crappier . 
  [ link to youtube lp ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeonvzh4aq4&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), 
  sorry , i do n't keep up to date with mods because they never keep up to date with minecraft ( i prefer to always have the newest version available ) . 
  i 'm with him on this one, 
  although the sotu address was mostly just obama saying a lot of mostly-meaningless words , there was a long bit about green subsidies on the off chance that they do mean something . 
  hah , recently looked through a dal\u00ed picturebook with all his paintings ; i remember this one , and now i understand why it looked so familiar !, 
  thanks for reminding me !, 
  i like it !, 
  the juxtaposition is very cool and well-thought out . 
  his face is a bit off , but no problem on that ... very nice drawing !, 
  this is a very big and extremely annoying issue . 
  i am constantly frustrated by this ; thanks for spreading awareness !, 
  these are exactly my thoughts . 
  take money from where we do n't need it and channel it to places like this -- then again , it 's really easy to just water the gdp with it as well , so one must be careful and make smart decisions . 
  this is the reason i got a b + in stat , ahahaha, 
  i agree , i 'd probably buy this , depending on how overpriced it is, 
  i 'd 've always liked to believe that it was a fourth declension noun , with plural `` cact\u016bs '' , but no , you 're right , it 's masculine second declension . 
  however , you could also say it 's a romanization of greek '' \u03ba\u03ac\u03ba\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 '' , whose plural would be '' \u03ba\u03ac\u03ba\u03c4\u03bf\u03b9 '' ( obligatory mini-iota impossible due to iphone keyboard ) . 
  or , i could argue that loanwords from latin could also be pluralized with english rules , which is totally true ( just look at the `` octopus '' trainwreck , it 's not even a real latin word and it 's third declension in greek anyway ) . 
  so yeah , not necessarily `` cact\u012b '' . 
  oh , yes , much . 
  i 've seen the social network too ; must admit it was done cleverly, 
  why ? 
  it 's got good features !, 
  and i would n't buy it if the price was too high anyway . 
  you get one spike block in minecraft . 
  if you ca n't do certain things to it , you should deal with it . 
  ( i did think of reasons people would want separate spike blocks for minecraft . 
  i declared them petty . ), 
  i like the image !, 
  if i may say so , that would be pretty cool ... but they 're only going to make * one * spiky block , because there is not overwhelmingly huge support for another one , and they really have better things to do . 
  if a kind of block already exists , then it 's really not appropriate to push your luck by asking for another one that does essentially the same thing `` but better '' . 
  edit : also , love the interrobang !, 
  they were n't * blaming * it on the birds , rather saying that birds contributed to it . 
  i do n't think it 's even saying that , just that that sort of thing * does * happen . 
  hahaha , i 'm hungarian and i do informal it for my grandfather . 
  here , i 'll prove it :, 
  oh and poland, 
  edit : no , wait , we miss romania more than croatia , my apologies, 
  i 'd say this is excusable if the guy did n't really know how computers worked . 
  they are basically the same shape , and you could claim either is either when written on paper . 
  poor guy did n't know anything about assigned character values and all sorts of utf bullcrap . 
  then again , the users sometimes complain about inexperienced its telling them to restart their computers even when they know it wo n't fix the problem for whatever reason . 
  case in point : randall munroe . 
  i was going to write a post explaining how `` overtly '' is a word , but i realized that that 's exactly what you meant . 
  maybe he did it intentionally , as a funy meta-joke . 
  hmm ? 
  i know a very minimal amount of mandarin chinese , and may i ask : is n't the possessive particle '' \u7684 '' ? 
  i hope that i 'll be proved wrong with a fascinating new grammatical construction !, 
  oh , and you tell me this after exams ? 
  i do n't,
