  i 'm subscribing the hell out of this subreddit . 
  complaints that the current one fits those criteria will be dismissed as silly . 
  [ here 's the page on phonology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_phonology ) and [ here 's the page on the current alphabet . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnamese_alphabet ), 
  i want to do a perm game where i own and accept every uralic culture ( including the finno-ugrics and the magyars , and also the old prussians because to hell with your baltic language , you 're genetically uralic ) . 
  i 've noticed that the uncolonized provinces where the samoyeds live are of the culture samoyed . 
  however , colonizing them would culture-convert them to uralic . 
  is there any way to get around this ? 
  edit : also , is the only way to culture-switch to ostyak to bankrupt yourself while your capital is ostyak ? 
  does it only work when you 're an opm , or what ? 
  i tried shifting to ostyak/shamanism as sibir but everything stayed the same and i had to culture-shift manually . 
  do the religion and culture you 're shifting to have to be the majority ? 
  i remember aars where a culture-shift would induce a tag-switch as well . 
  or maybe i do n't and i just made it up , and the only tag-switch culture-shifts make possible is forming countries . 
  but i could have sworn it was possible . 
  when does culture-shifting change my country tag ? 
  is it only when i go bankrupt as an opm ? 
  or are there stranger conditions ? 
  or does it not do it ( anymore ? ), 
  at all ? 
  i have n't got art of war , common sense , or the new dlcs , but i have everything else , and i am running arch linux , with intel integrated graphics and the proprietary graphics driver ( plus bumblebee , but afaik it does n't change the driver ) . 
  every time i run eu4 , it crashes immediately , giving [ this ] ( http://pastebin.com/iaitabf2 ) error if i try to run it in the console . 
  the error is exactly the same apart from having different pointers if i try to ` primusrun ` it with nvidia optimus , which uses the nvidia proprietary driver instead . 
  i 've tried reinstalling the game . 
  it does n't help . 
  the very first time , it got as far as the load screen , and then asked me what language i want . 
  i selected english . 
  it then loaded some more , until it got to the part where it normally finishes loading , and then just froze . 
  the second time , it got as far as the pre-game selection screen . 
  when i moused over `` play game '' and clicked , the button did not become highlighted , and the game quit/crashed spontaneously . 
  it might have been just a coincidence that that happened at the same time as i moused over it . 
  every subsequent time , i got the `` double or free '' error described above , which manifests as the game crashing immediately . 
  i started getting this error , then i reinstalled the game , then i kept getting this . 
  i will try updating my system . 
  this paves the way for minor exploits that allow you to get more money out of someone . 
  in order from most red to most yellow : karelia , hungary , estonia , perm , finland , s\u00e1pmi . 
  this is less of a complaint and more of an observation . 
  this is slightly disappointing , because traditional uralic clothing colors are blue and red , and i wanted to paint something of that style on the map as a uralic state , but red and yellow 's fine too . 
  ^ ( as long as we 're discussing them , technically the culture group should be called `` uralic '' ( there are few aspects of phylogeny that uralicists agree on , but one of them is that `` samoyedic '' does not belong under `` finno-ugric '' ) ^ ) , ^ ( and the `` uralic '' culture should be renamed `` komi '' . 
  and `` ostyak '' should be renamed `` ob-ugric '' or `` khanty-mansi '' . 
  but do n't change it ; i like culture-converting everything to `` uralic '' and pretending there 's some sort of unified uralic culture i 'm spreading . 
  what 's the source of the problem ? 
  is it intentional ? 
  the keyboard must work with the game somewhat , since we were able to type in the password , and search for provinces . 
  we did n't test the other keybindings ( like d to disband , or whatever it is ) . 
  holding down shift to queue moves worked , though . 
  relevant specs :, 
  - one computer ran windows 8 ( .1 ? 
  ) , the other ran windows 7, 
  - both computers used patch 1.12 with all major expansions and most dlcs, 
  - one computer was a thinkpad laptop dual-booting windows ( 8 ) , with rather shitty drivers , and the other computer was a custom-built pc whose only os was windows ( 7 ), 
  - the keyboard layout on the first comp was the uk keyboard , while the keyboard layout on the second was the programmer 's dvorak keyboard, 
  pausing by clicking the top right corner worked fine . 
  a possibly related problem was that even when the 30-second timer had run down , the only person able to unpause the game was the person who had paused it . 
  [ the error is pretty much the same . 
  ] ( http://pastebin.com/gv69havh ) `` double free or corrupt '' with the error being some sort of mishandling of pointers by c or c++ . 
  specs below :, 
  - arch linux , using linux kernel version 4.0.5, 
  - i do n't even know what desktop environment i am using now , i believe the session manager is mate but all the apps are xfce, 
  - lenovo thinkpad t430s, 
  - intel core i5 processor ( which are all 64-bit i believe ; i know this computer is ), 
  - nvidia optimus graphics ; this means i can choose to run it either using the intel integrated graphics on the processor , or the more powerful nvidia nvs 5400 discrete card, 
  - proprietary intel drivers for the intel graphics , proprietary nvidia drivers + bumblebee for the nvidia card, 
  it crashes irrespective of which graphics hardware i use . 
  i do n't believe it 's a graphics issue though . 
  i 've tried :, 
  - deleting the mods, 
  things i have n't tried :, 
  - completely deleting eu4 and steam , and * then * reinstalling ( too tedious ), 
  if i use ` sudo ` , it miraculously opens , but it ca n't load any dlcs/expansions . 
  however , this is only when run from the directory ; i ca n't run it using steam like that , because i 'd need to give steam admin privileges first , and that is absolutely haram . 
  the crest he 's holding , plus his appearance , make me think st stephen of hungary , but that 's not in keeping with the theme of the patch . 
  is he some english nobleman ? 
  normally you would n't be able to release a vassal and end their vassalization , because your quote `` nobles would be up in arms if you tried to do this '' unquote . 
  but wait !, 
  there 's the new `` return province '' button . 
  just click it in every province you want to give to the new un-vassal , and that 's it !, 
  you can click it regardless of how much prestige you have , you can do it instantly , and you can make your un-vassal whatever shape you want . 
  the un-vassal gets created the first time you click the button , and every further time you click it , the province you clicked it in will add it to them . 
  besides during colonization , of course . 
  edit : thanks everyone . 
  or a not so simple one . 
  i currently ca n't remember what `` pop culture '' means . 
  i 'm sure it 'll come to me eventually . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xhl5mfn.png ) is the situation i am currently in . 
  i sold bashkiria all of my provinces except one , and i bankrupted myself so that i could become shamanist . 
  however , i can only start annexing bashkiria in feb 1480 , and every time , by then they build up their army enough to have ~ 55 % liberty desire . 
  - my bankruptcy lasts until 1486 , so i ca n't go to war until then . 
  ( all my stupid allies ditched me when i went bankrupt . 
  thankfully , muscovy is currently occupied with kicking novgorod 's ass . ), 
  - i can only `` placate local rulers '' if my prestige is 0 or above , and i ca n't recover significant amounts of prestige without going to war . 
  - i do n't have any diplomatic reputation advisors available , and even if i did , one would only lower the liberty desire by ~ 2.2 % , which is n't enough . 
  - i 've tried building my army past the forcelimit , but it does n't seem to work . 
  - i dumped all of my monarch points before bankruptcy into development , so now it would cost heaps of points to improve cheldyn enough to support a significantly larger army . 
  - nizhny novgorod is far too valuable a march to let go . 
  i 'd rather wait 6 more years . 
  - the unrest in bashkiria is too low to spawn any rebels . 
  their only positive-unrest province is whichever they 're currently converting to sunni , but they 're shamanist provinces , so they go quickly , and will never result in rebels . 
  i suppose they could get one of those events that spawns rebels , but that 's far from reliable . 
  - enabling scutage does n't seem to reduce the size of their army , even if i do it while they 're still loyal ( i.e.
