  please leave hungary alone though :(, 
  maybe . 
  then again , in some families it 's really , really obvious which one 's the most conservative , like with the uralic languages . 
  ( dumb theory for why finnish is so conservative : finns do n't talk to each other much , so the language does n't have much of a chance to change ! ), 
  also , you forgot all the conserved vocabulary that 's similar to that of the older ie languages . 
  but that 's the thing , the upvote button is n't supposed to * be * an `` i agree '' button . 
  i mean yes , fundamentally voting just moves posts up or down in the queue and we can interpret however we like , but `` upvote to agree '' is n't the best way , and certainly not the only way , to use it . 
  voting is an expression of what kind of content you want to see , and if you upvote to agree , then that makes it so that the content you see is what you agree with , which is terrible . 
  a good paradigm with widespread acceptance throughout reddit is instead upvoting to indicate that something contributes to the discussion . 
  this does make comments denser to read , but you can deal , ca n't you ? 
  well thank you for providing an informed and interesting perspective of belgium and culture in general !, 
  it is a subject you seem to know a lot about , and one that i am interested in as well . 
  wow , you are very adept at spotting things . 
  hahahaha , we have nothing against the building itself , though , we agree it is very pretty, 
  whoa , congrats on nabbing that username . 
  probably many other languages would want it as well . 
  for real accuracy , the mailbox needs to be attached to a door , which in turn needs to be attached to a fence , which in turn needs to be attached to the neighbors ' fences . 
  [ poland ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ not already germanized ] ( #green - text ), 
   citizenship to your choice of canada , the uk , or australia, 
  or sweden , right ? 
  for the sea-themed one you could basically just scan and post * the deep * by claire nouvian . 
  ~ ~ which , to be fair , at the time it was published , contained many animals unknown to the oceanographic community at large . ~ ~ do n't listen to me , i just checked , most of the pictures are from the trip of the tiburon , which was a decade before the book . 
  damn , i guess all those siphonophores and jellies have scientific names now . 
  anyone know of an updated deep-sea picturebook ? 
  you nabbed some from nouvian 's picture set , but missed some of the best , like the vampire squid and * tiburonia granrojo * . 
  better get them in in the next album !, 
  which is fascinating , because then in this post it got compounded with `` for real '' . 
  cool !, 
  ( i 've tried a couple similar ones , but none of them use exactly your approach , which is frustrating . ), 
  i 'd really like that book on how to answer the phone . 
  i find it even more confusing and scary in languages with levels of politeness , such as hungarian or tagalog . 
  if it comes out as 0s and 1s , that 's just as arbitrary an encoding scheme as ascii . 
  `` raw '' is fine in this context . 
  that 's a png , moron, 
  but that 's not the whole story here . 
  it 's more like if he left a cult , which certainly does take perceptive ability and willpower . 
  the land bridge was open for a pretty long while ; it 's unlikely that nobody would have migrated across . 
  teosinte would simply never be domesticated , except perhaps until far far later , a mad geneticist decides to experiment on it . 
  unless corn is actually domesticated from a much more nutritious relative of teosinte that 's died out , but that seems unlikely . 
  simpler encompassing scenario : the ice age never ends !, 
  this might make it far harder , or nigh-impossible , for `` civilization '' to emerge . 
  so ... the caribbean . 
  which was the first part of the americas found by europeans anyway ( disregarding vinland ) . 
  where they mostly exterminated the natives . 
  so actually , at least in that part of the world , lack of prior settlement does n't seem to matter much at all !, 
  this is unlikely ; modern analysis suggests that both the x and y coalesce points are over 100k years ago . 
  also , it 's not like it bothered homo erectus much !, 
  perhaps a more interesting ( and i 'm sure , just as impossible ) change is that * h sapiens * evolves a million years earlier , and catches the tail end of that saharan pump cycle , migrating through the wet nile and populating the world much earlier and in a different fashion . 
  modern genetic beakdown would be completely different and more diverse , and who knows what else would be affected ? 
  they 're both city-building games, 
  actually , most p\u00e9ople just us\u00ebd w\u0229ird diacritics to g\u1ebdt around th\u0117 issu\u0113 . 
  teff seeds are tiny tiny seeds , usually ground into a flour as an ingredient in injera ( a spongy flatbread ) in ethiopian cuisine . 
  thanks !, 
  my vitamix does n't grind them at all . 
  they 're simply too small . 
  but how do i get it hotter ? 
  the stove is turned all the way up . 
  if i just leave it on the stove without putting the food on it , will it absorb enough heat eventually ? 
  it 's a large wok , that sounds like it would take a lot of heat . 
  thanks !, 
  k , thanks !, 
  will try !, 
  hah , yeah , but the entire fixture is some sort of ge wonder from the 60s . 
  the main problem is that the oven ca n't get very hot . 
  i 'm talking to the landlord about a replacement . 
  thanks !, 
  just the meat ? 
  thanks , i 'll try !, 
  hmm , controversial , but i 'll try , thanks !, 
  thanks , the detailed procedure is super helpful !, 
  i have no grill or outdoor propane burner , so i wo n't use that . 
  thanks , but i 'm not looking to buy anything !, 
  i spend too much money on cooking as it is . 
  yes . 
  huh , thanks , i 'll see about that !, 
  huh , that 's a good idea , thanks !, 
  unfortunately , my oven is really shitty and really old , and does n't go above 200-something fahrenheit , but i can apply the technique at other peoples ' houses . 
  why did n't you kill the mamelukes as soon as humanly possible ? 
  for that matter , i wonder whom the ottomans can knock out early . 
  france ? 
  presumably india absorbs both families , seeing as though it already contains both . 
  russia should absorb the uralics as well . 
  i am very sorry in advance if you get the impression that romanian is a uralic language . 
  hungary means the three sz\u00e9kely provinces in transylvania . 
  but transylvania is n't a current country that has many uralic language speakers . 
  also , most people do n't recognize that flag . 
  thank you for the suggestion though . 
  as an internet rule , 90 % of the viewers do n't even have a reddit account . 
  you 've got it backwards . 
  the reindeer is unsuccessfully avoiding death by s\u00e1mi . 
  admittedly the southern slovakia contains lots of hungarians , and they 're treated prety unfairly . 
  i view transylvania as a lost cause ( not much you can do when you 're surrounded entirely by romanians ) , but i 'd have no problem with hungary anschlussing southern slovakia . 
  the only downside is that that would probably lead to the destruction of pal\u00f3c as a unique dialect . 
  bohemia was never ours , and there 's few if any hungarians living in croatia . 
  there 's a hunguest hotel , though . 
  they 're trying extremely hard to go the middle road , give them some credit, 
  someday , i 'll succeed in making a post that does n't provoke any intelligent discussion ... 
  siebenb\u00fcrgen is the name of transylvania from back when mostly germans/goths lived there . 
  i was under the impression that germans still use it today , just like you call `` gy\u0151r '' `` raab '' and so on .
