  maybe there 's something more fun than wasting 10 mana ? 
  that 's not how us foreign policy w / respect to the philippines works at all . 
  the us is an ally of the philippines , and the philippines is the # 1 fan of the us , up until now an attitude that was represented in its gov ` t. 
  it 'll be interesting to see how the loss of the leverage of the us vs china will affect the spratly islands dispute . 
  wtf is duterte 's plan here ? 
  other than being literally hitler . 
  what 's more , if it were on their turn , it would bypass secrets such as eye for an eye and ice block . 
  * gasp * you 're right !, 
  i 've been making the wrong play in that situation all this time !, 
  good . 
  berlin and back is a really long drive from most of poland . 
  mostly i want gifs i can use to express myself via google hangouts chat or facebook chat . 
  in fb chat in particular , my friends use the gif keyboard , and their gifs are cancerously bad . 
  concrete does n't block radio , though , it just diffracts it like every other non-metal . 
  i think it 's on the theists to explain this one, 
  `` inn-sewer-ants , '' repeated rincewind . 
  wossit mean ? '', 
  `` well , suppose you have a ship loaded with , say , gold bars . 
  it might run into storms or , or be taken by pirates . 
  you do n't want that to happen , so you take out an inn-sewer-ants-polly-sea . 
  i work out the odds against the cargo being lost , based on weather reports and piracy records for the last twenty years , then i add a bit , then you pay me some money based on those odds -- '', 
  `` -- and the bit -- '' rincewind said , waggling a finger solemnly . 
  `` -- and then , if the cargo is lost , i reimburse you . '', 
  `` pay you the value of your cargo , '' said twoflower patiently . 
  `` i get it . 
  it 's like a bet , right ? '', 
  `` a wager ? 
  in a way , i suppose . '', 
  `` and you make money at this inn-sewer-ants ? '', 
  `` it offers a return on investment , certainly . '', 
  wrapped in the warm yellow glow of the wine , rincewind tried to think of inn-sewer-ants in circle sea terms . 
  `` i do n't think i unnerstan ' this inn-sewer-ants , '' he said firmly , idly watching the world spin by . 
  `` magic , now . 
  magic i unnerstan ' . '', 
  twoflower grinned . 
  `` magic is one thing , and reflected-sound-of-underground-spirits is another , '' he said . 
  `` what ? '', 
  `` that funny wor ' you used , '' said rincewind impatiently . 
  `` reflected-sound-of-underground-spirits ? '', 
  `` never heard o ' it . '', 
  twoflower tried to explain . 
  rincewind tried to understand . 
  ( from * the colour of magic , * by terry pratchett ), 
  i 've already considered doing that , but that would take way more time than it would save , probably . 
  freeze mage otks you with , like , nine cards * and * an emperor tick . 
  it 's not the same as pulling five cheap cards out of your ass at some random point in the game . 
  most of the time , freeze mage does n't win on otk , it wins on 2 - or 3-tk . 
  most decks do n't run enough taunts to beat worgen warrior , and most classes do n't have secrets . 
  teching enough taunts to beat the deck is really inefficient vs the rest of ladder , so you 're left with giving them free wins . 
  you need one taunt on board , on the turn they drop their combo . 
  that means running enough taunts and threats to exhaust their ( extensive ) removal . 
  if you 're running secrets , depending on what they are , you have to also guess when the combo turn is to make sure they do n't get popped prematurely , which is damn near impossible ( although the most common is when they go into fatigue ) . 
  you implied that freeze mage is an otk deck , which is n't really true . 
  but it does belong to the same family , ca n't argue with that . 
  which 6 cards do you need ? 
  i was thinking thalnos  fireball x2  frostbolt x2  ice lance x2 , which is 7 and i miscounted ( but you can always do a combo with more :p ) . 
  i 've never checked , but i 'm pretty sure my advisor 's webpage supports gopher . 
  sure , but so does freeze mage . 
  the problem with worgen warrior was that for most decks , the matchup was either auto-win or auto-lose . 
  there was no way of stopping their win condition . 
  freeze mage is widely disliked for similar reasons , but its win condition usually being a 2tk instead of an otk makes a world of difference in terms of being able to thwart or play around their win condition . 
  having an unfun and uninteractive game every 8 or so games ? 
  sure , but hearthstone is a game , and the point of playing a game is to have fun . 
  letting an unfun-to-play-against deck thrive is not good for that . 
  there 's always going to be cockroach decks on ladder , with self-limiting popularity , but if a deck sucks to play against and is reasonably popular , then cockroach deck or not , killing it is healthy for the game experience . 
  to put it another way , being `` meta '' does n't justify the existence of a deck ; an unfun deck being meta is just a sign that the devs should take action against it . 
  you stopped doing mouseover text . 
  i 'm guessing it felt redundant when there is also a votey ? 
  it 's intentional, 
  just add a logo of a skink and you 've got a cool concept, 
  great rube goldberg machine , shit title, 
  hell , a regular one can be dusted to craft call of the wild , or doomsayer , or ancient of war , or doomhammer , or bgh if you feel like resurrecting a meme ... 
  are we sure it was n't the great minds interfering ? 
  well , we 've seen that they can do ridiculous things to perception through linking together into that big ball o ' strings , and also that they desperately do n't want parson to slip out of their control , so i 'd consider them likely suspects . 
  it 's a good point , though , that this normally would n't be possible with pure thinkamancy . 
  edit : i looked at the page with the collide-o-scope again , it explicitly says that it uses foolamancy , despite the great minds presumably being made up entirely of thinkamancers . 
  that 's still in the same hex as them , though ; not sure how the illusion would get all the way over to parson 's bracer unless they have range extension as good as the arkendish or a way to get `` signal '' through portals . 
  i know a breatharian couple . 
  they 're nice people and they do n't talk about it , but i 'm always wondering how they 're still alive . 
  this is common practice in the us , too , is n't it ? 
  i thought it was an actual transport for sea mammals . 
  just google a font and install it manually . 
  for example , download [ noto sans mongolian ] ( https://noto-website.storage.googleapis.com/pkgs/notosansmongolian-unhinted.zip ) , put it in ` / usr/share/fonts ` , and run ` fc-cache ` or something, 
  holy crap , the bm potential of this card is insane . 
  target your oppenent with it and kill them * anyway . 
  your description is funnier than the actual post . 
  you 'd need either three thaurissan ticks or some way to have majordomo survive a turn to pull it off , though . 
  france is being possessed by france , they 've managed to kill off a pretty sweet dialect continuum as well as brezhoneg for the most part, 
  oh that 's right , there used to be basques in france , lol . 
  also i counted occitan and norman french as part of the `` dialect continuum '', 
  same thing as occitan, 
  i looked it up , it really did get released in 2014, 
  but why 's that relevant ? 
  people who are reading what you write will have heard the phrase before . 
  most people have . 
  whoah , did n't know that . 
  is that still the case ? 
  i did n't read the title , so i saw the legs come out , thought , `` what 's this guy trying to accomplish ? 
  does it stick there ? '', 
  ... and then i realized .
