  i hope the second guy had a tactical vest on . 
  otherwise that would have hurt like hell no matter which way he landed and whether he had a shirt on . 
  it 's because of the increasing number of protons in the nucleus . 
  they pull in the electrons tighter . 
  these people do n't do so good a job of imitating the different authors ' styles . 
  the fitzgerald one lacks his brilliance , as does the seuss one . 
  hemingway would not write , `` that is all . '', 
  it was pretty hard to go wrong with tweaking poe so that one is good . 
  the rowling one spoofs the plot more than the writing style . 
  the meyer one spoofs both , but i 'd prefer it spoof just the writing style ( and a little better than it does currently ) . 
  i liked the james joyce one and the steinbeck one . 
  i went back . 
  ama, 
  if there were a person in front of me , not letting me pass , i 'd get out and kick their ass . 
  ( i am from hungary . 
  while it is not quite russia , you 'd better believe we 're capable of it . ), 
  if they were only throwing snowballs , i 'd just go forward . 
  - most useful item in general : glasses to read while lying down, 
  - most useful item for d&d : extensible bridge, 
  - item used today : extensible rv, 
  you live in ireland . 
  ( i 'm not terribly clever for figuring this out ), 
  i like the message , but i think that the average person rarely has any thoughts that are both very useful and original . 
  i 'd be lucky if i had 10 revolutionary thoughts in my lifetime . 
  number 1 : the picture would work a lot better if there was n't that stupid vignette . 
  but i guess , what can you do ? 
  number 16 : i usually do n't like radical feminism when it is in america , but femen may be exactly what the doctor ordered for ukraine . 
  good on them for taking their activism where they can do some good . 
  number 26 : someone named their kid `` maddox '' ? 
  number 31 : wow that lawyer is wrinkly . 
  he is like a character you 'd read about in a book . 
  number 36 : ahahahahahahaha, 
  heck , even after . 
  an electronic keyboard wobbles in your lap , and is also an electronic keyboard . 
  the interface is n't so great . 
  how do i pan ? 
  i do enjoy the `` random '' , `` query mode '' , and `` rankings '' options though . 
  edit : oh my god i 'm an idiot, 
  not really . 
  it does n't have to be world-shattering , just a solution to an unsolved problem . 
  there are uncountably many of those . 
  as a grad student , having a new insight for me would mean that i come up with a new method to do something , or a new explanation for how something works . 
  usually the `` something '' is something nobody cares about , but it 's still something . 
  i can keep doing this for the rest of my life . 
  i hope to produce at least one such insight for my thesis , maybe another one for a paper on the side , and the rest as a postdoc/professor . 
  10 would be pushing it though . 
  oh my god , how did i not realize that ? 
  i tried so many things ... 
  no , i actually liked them . 
  visuals and aesthetics mostly . 
  yeah , i know . 
  :\\ ice levels too !, 
  arrow keys , wasd , scrolling , right-click and drag , in that order i think, 
  wait that first paragraph . 
  is that sarcasm or not ? 
  i 'm hungarian actually , and living in the us . 
  are you redditing using a cell phone ? 
  that 's to confuse colorblind people and people from the netherlands !, 
  it 's my revenge for the netherlands flair being so hard to distinguish from the hungary flair . 
  but seriously , there 's people here who actually think that way . 
  help get me out of here, 
  river song, 
  [ here 's some actual color photographs from the very early 20th century . 
  ] ( http://www.kuriositas.com/2011/02/century-old-color-photographs-of.html ) ( they were on reddit a few days ago ), 
  yeah , dolphins , elephants , and humans are the three species on earth that seem to be intelligent enough to be sapient . 
  i consider it a win that this guy seems to have forgotten about hungary . 
  i would n't mind , but it would get morally and philosophically weird , because their minds would operate on a different architecture than ours , so they would n't behave exactly the same way as we do , or feel the same way about things as we do . 
  this might lead to differences that either side might get mad about . 
  for example , dolphins do n't mate for life . 
  if i marry a dolphin , and he/she cheats , am i supposed to get mad ? 
  i 've always known :, 
   red touch yellow , kill a fellow, 
   red touch black , venom lack, 
  the first one is a coral snake and the second is a king snake . 
  nope, 
  i opened the link in a new tab just before i saw your comment . 
  it was too late to shut it off, 
  sand works ? 
  same here !, 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'd be about 5 times further along on my thesis by now if i had n't . 
  why ? 
  all photos are posed . 
  it 's not like he asked people to dress up and act out a scene or anything . 
  wait which one , hungary , the us , or the netherlands ? 
  have you read [ sam hughes 's ed stories ? 
  he means * actually * share it . 
  it maybe makes it look more convincing . 
  the nerds do n't become politicians and businessmen , they become engineers mostly, 
  whoa , never noticed he grinned like that when he was holding the pizza . 
  1 . that 's not perlin noise, 
  1 . simplex noise ftw ( pixar 's wavelet noise is also really cool ), 
  i 've played braid , unfortunately . 
  i 'll check out limbo ; it looks fun !, 
  holy shit , i thought this was in belize or something . 
  turns out it 's next door . 
  i moved from nj to berkeley ; can verify : mosquitos here are negligible . 
  wow , i was expecting your post to be describing a fake origin for the picture , but actually everything in it is true !, 
  awesome, 
  i 've played vvvvv , i did n't like it a lot . 
  both itsp and aquaria look awesome .
