  just goes to show that mass does n't mean a thing !, 
  ( also your t/w must be extremely impressive if it can beat a mansail with little else attached ), 
   i 'm pretty sure bob can find his pen in the wreckage ... 
  since stuff in the kerbal universe explodes if they hit things too hard , i doubt it . 
  i think one 's tiredness also exacerbated the sense of peacefulness, 
  huh . 
  do you know why they did that ? 
  was it to get better coverage ? 
  seems like a rather expensive way to go about that ... 
  for those who are curious , the place in europe is belarus . 
  ( seriously though , that 's a great station you have there !, 
  presumably a refueling depot ? ), 
  edit : it was a joke !, 
  ah , it 's already asparagused . 
   thank you for the recommendation with the t200 , i 'll check it out . 
   forever, 
  yeah , right . 
  it looks like it was designed by a neural net , or a genetic algorithm . 
  ( well , it * was * designed by a neural net , but i mean an artificial one . ), 
  i 've been thinking about writing a genetic algorithm that plays career mode . 
  unfortunately , i do n't have enough free time for that . 
  three things i ca n't believe :, 
  your computer is incredibly fast . 
  you hardly went into map mode at all . 
  you were able to pull that off . 
  hilariously enough , the first time i played ksp was when it was in 0.21 . 
  i did not , however , have the spare change to buy it , so i pirated it . 
  i pirated 0.18 , to be precise . 
  it was pretty funny . 
  ( i 've since bought it and have 130 hours recorded on steam . ), 
  great !, 
  it 's incredibly satisfying to come back from a trip like that , * leave the craft in orbit * , and get the kerbals back down to kerbin . 
  like there 's a standardized craft you can totally use that 's in orbit . 
  are you going to be refueling it any time soon ? 
  where did the tumbling come from ? 
  you can kind of avoid that now by staggering the parachute deployment altitudes . 
  thanks , but it 's still better if he has some drogue chutes . 
  i 've tried the staggering thing without having drogue chutes , and it still broke up , because the two initial parachutes had too much drag . 
  i guess the solution should have been to deploy them even earlier , huh ? 
  yeah that 's all i found , too . 
  sure !, 
  just sum up all the numbers up to the prime itself . 
  it does n't matter . 
  there 's tons of things we do n't have words for ; visit http://betterthanenglish.com/ and http://wordsforthat.com/ to see some great examples . 
  ( also , it 's more than that -- it 's the idea that if words do n't get their meaning from how people use them , then where do they get them from ? ), 
  i hate posts that begin with , `` am i the only one ... '' but , am i the only one who has never heard `` ironic '' being misused ? 
  heck , i barely hear it being used at all . 
  i do n't understand why you 're getting downvotes , it 's great for this subreddit . 
  you have to admit , it 's still a great trailer , though . 
  this is hilarious . 
  my hitachi stuff always breaks , while my seagate stuff does n't . 
  i guess i 'm switching back to hitachi then . 
  so instead gene just cleared his throat . 
  `` good luck at ksc , jeb , '' he said . 
  `` do you think we added enough boosters ? '', 
  jeb had explained to gene about how he thought this might be his big chance to do something really revolutionary and important , and professor gene kerman had nodded and dumped his extremely busy schedule for two solid days in order to go on the greatest secondhand rocket parts raid ever , which had covered four cities and produced thirty intermodal containers of twisted metal now affixed to the surface of the rocket . 
  most of the parts had gone for a cent or two , but some of them definitely had n't , like the very latest rockomax bacc solid fuel booster or the complete set of usk ground-to-air artillery . 
  gene had tried to block jeb off from seeing the till displays but jeb figured gene must have spent at least a thousand dollars . 
  jeb had said to gene that he would pay him back as soon as he figured out how to convert thrust-to-weight ratio into money , and gene had told him to go jump in a jumbo-64 . 
  and then gene had asked him : * do you think we added enough boosters ? 
  * it was quite clear what answer he wanted to hear . 
  jeb 's throat was hoarse , for some reason . 
  `` you can never have enough boosters , '' he recited the kerman family motto , and gene knelt down and gave him a quick , firm embrace . 
  `` but you certainly tried , '' jeb said , and felt himself choking up again . 
  `` it was a really , really , really good try . '', 
  the amount of detail that went into this is mind-boggling !, 
  i hope you had fun making it . 
  what the hell ? 
  i was unaware northern israel had ... * that * ... in it . 
  how is euro burger-puppets ? 
  i just do n't see it . 
  they 're going to find the captain of the other ship inside , and he 's going to fly them both into the sun . 
   red pole, 
  so is this soviet propaganda ? 
  it 's from * sunshine * anyway, 
  this is awesome and i love it . 
  if i ever get a similar job , i 'll make sure to do this . 
  that said , i 'm secretly fearing that the customers and your boss would be horrified if they found out . 
  well , just world optimization . 
  there 's no other point to anything than that . 
  i did n't but i ought to have . 
  maybe i should get more involved with algebra ? 
  * oh my god . 
  * the kid was p\u00f3sa lajos was n't it ? 
  he now runs a math camp for kids interested in math all over hungary . 
  i helped out there one summer and it was awesome . 
  he also gives private math lessons . 
  he is an amazing teacher . 
  erd\u0151s might not have seen it , but he is recreating himself at least ten times over . 
  as ink . 
  no , there are particular criteria that are being optimized * for * , i just did n't say them . 
  ( partly because i do n't know all of them , because i have n't finished the metaethics sequence and what they are is a hard question . 
  having omniscience would tell me what to optimize for , anyway . ), 
  my god , the quality of this picture is so low i thought it was a gif waiting to load . 
  subject to change , though . 
  :\\ at least minimizing death is straightforwardly one . 
  unless you were being sarcastic : i ca n't expect my goals not to change as i learn more things . 
  more metaethics in particular . 
  it 's true that terminal values change less often than instrumental value , but i have n't developed the ultimate standard by which all ethical questions may be answered , yet . 
  so , do the thing that makes me happiest in the long run ?
