  you can say it 's a gravity assist . 
  jool encounters are n't hard !, 
  it 's a very big planet . 
  unfortunately your kerbal will be spending two-odd years being further from the sun than jool alone . 
  orbits way the hell out there are really slow !, 
   only 160 ma, 
  i read your comment before the article and i got very confused !, 
  to anyone who might make the same mistake : 160 ma * after the formation of the earth . 
  well , of course they found it in an australian sheep farm . 
  a significant portion of the planet 's surface is australian sheep farms . 
  well , if it 's not absolute zero ( heck , even then ) then the atoms are still vibrating within the crystalline structure , but i do n't think / u/thegreenwookie was referring to that . 
  you should try using jet engines and intakes , they take way less fuel !, 
  remember though you also have to factor in the mass of the tri-coupler . 
  it brings the total up to nearly as much as the original mk1-2 . 
  [ dasani ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ healthy ] ( #green - text ), 
  apparently kimchi is an acquired taste . 
  i 've never believed it . 
  ( maybe it 's similar enough to hungarian cabbage dishes that i got used to it before ever having it ? ), 
  deleted comments add to the counter . 
  i was referring to [ this ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/3550063.stm ) but it looks like it 's cleaner , now . 
  ( the controversy over it being tap water is stupid , though ; first of all , it 's purified and has minerals added , and second of all , since when has tap water not been safe to drink in 1st world countries ? ), 
  sorry for being illiterate , but which one of these is the golden horde ? 
  ireland and north ireland ? 
  it 's not that bad , but it 's not very good , either . 
  the sword , the axe , and the scroll . 
  thank you, 
  at least can into stronk roman blood , possibly . 
  ( probably not ), 
  wait , that 's seriously all one needs to do to not be fat ? 
  not drink any soda and work out ? 
  holy crap i 'm trying this right now . 
  and also give the frame of reference and position plz . 
  is it orbiting sag a * retrograde ? 
  is it orbiting really low ? 
  is its orbit highly elliptical ? 
  context !, 
   at least california into stronk roman blood , possibly . 
  ( probably not ), 
  ( i knew ; i was just joking ), 
  wait . 
  what does the patriarchy have to do with rape ? 
  i can see how being male contributes to the patriarchy , but how does that justify rape ? 
  ( serious answers only ), 
  i do n't like either of these people . 
  i just think , this is in lieu of being able to actually calculate stuff , and of having equipment to test the materials and structures on kerbin . 
  plus , the time spent getting them there for testing is not time when i 'm having fun , so i 'd rather forego it altogether . 
  what , so social justice is now literally hitler ? 
  while tumblr can be terrible a lot of the time , this comic discredits social justice in general because it 's restrictive . 
  this is the wrong way of looking at it . 
  the whole thing is about being considerate about other people 's feelings , and of * course * that requires you to change your behavior . 
  okay , you can do whatever you want and possibly hurt people 's feelings somewhere along the way , but you could also instead not do that . 
  by that logic , it 's okay to bully people . 
  would you seriously say that the bully 's not responsible for the bullied 's feelings ? 
  there 's a difference between somebody becoming angry because of what you are saying , and between somebody becoming sad because of what you are saying . 
  the former is what all of the people on tumblr do . 
  the latter is what you should be trying to eliminate . 
  it exchanges periapsis for apoapsis and vice versa . 
  it 's a little more nuanced than that but the other comments have covered the details well enough . 
  they 're a good choice ; my favorite duna ( and any other body that is n't kerbin , eve or laythe ) lander uses one . 
  just make the rocket smaller . 
  less engines , less fuel . 
  it only needs to get to orbit ; there it can rendezvous with the transfer stage . 
  you 'd need to master qwop first . 
  southern us tried to kill anyone ? 
  but , i am not suggesting that you should cater to everyone all the time for fear of offending them if you do otherwise . 
  my problem with the comic is that it makes it sound as though you should * never * watch `` what [ you ] wear , what jokes [ you ] make , what opinions [ you ] have '' in the manner that tumblr suggests . 
  you should be considerate when interacting with people , and that 's controlling your behavior to not offend people like the comic is talking about . 
  there is a difference between somebody actually feeling frustrated because they feel that people do not respect them enough to refer to them by their proper gender , or somebody actually reminded of a horrible experience when rape is brought up , and somebody * looking * for opportunities to tell someone else that they are morally superior to them . 
  in the first kind of case , the person talking is in the wrong , and in the second kind of case , the person looking for opportunities to do that is in the wrong . 
  and , well , tumblr is mostly the second case , because it would be just like that kind of person who likes talking down to people to want their own soapbox and additional attention . 
  but the first case is important and the comic should not discredit it like it ( accidentally ? ), 
  does . 
  as disingenuous tumblr 's motivations may be , their cause is sound . 
  your argument , `` it is not worth my time and energy to be nice to people it is very hard to be nice to , '' ( paraphrased ) still holds against the first case , however . 
  ultimately , though , you should be allocating your time and energy however best benefits your utility function ( fundamental goals ) , and from a totally utilitarian standpoint it is * still * very beneficial to act ethically , for nearly * any * utility function , so a large part of how you are allocating your time and energy should be that you are allocating it ethically optimally . 
  and , so , when interacting with people who you need to be very considerate with , you should ask yourself whether the time and energy you spend being nice to them would have an ethically better outcome if you allocated it in some other way instead . 
  there * is * probably some upper limit to how much time and energy you can spend on these people after which it becomes inefficient , whether with respect to the moral component to your utility function or some other component ( such as having fun ? 
  ) , but it is not zero like this comic implies , or like many people are going to take away from your comment , regardless of how you intended it . 
  ( sorry my words are like spaghetti , i have a mental disorder ; i promise they would be a lot clearer if they were read aloud with cadence and tonality ), 
  i like your flair . 
  you mean a * gryffindor * with two brain cells ( who is n't hermione granger ) . 
  i use vim . 
  no spell-check , whatsoever , although there is probably an extension that does it . 
  ( and i should probably be thankful , since apparently word is not great at technical vocabulary , and i write mostly things that use it . ), 
  it 's kind of hard to imagine a person both using tumblr and vim ( or a similar text editor ) , but a percentage of cases must surely be because of that . 
  this looks like a good way to increase one 's sympathy with history , but should n't * everyone * do it then ? 
  maybe everyone * did * , which would be okay . 
  but then there 's the question of how much history they actually learned . 
  maybe they could have learned more some other way . 
  convert large amounts of it to bitcoin , deposit large amounts of it in swiss index accounts , buy large amounts of berkshire hathaway stock , buy large amounts of lockheed martin stock , etc. 
  ( unless you already own one or more of those companies , in which case start purchasing more companies . ), 
  in your immediate situation , it 's best to hire people to cart the money to the appropriate places for you , via phone . 
  what ? 
  nuke them , obviously . 
  they 're statists too . 
  why not found it yourself ? 
  i bet there 's a large market . 
  we just do n't have as much free time as you . 
  as you get better , you wo n't even * need * to build ships !,
