  red alert, 
  half an inch = bit more than a cm , though . 
  while impressive , this is n't really accurate enough for their data , which , if you look at the graph , goes up to 2 cm . 
  how do you have 4300 karma, 
  this is true , i had to read and summarize a long article on this once . 
  [ the data is quite interesting ] ( http://tos.org/oceanography/archive/24-2_miller.pdf ), 
  yes , but the point is that the random pick could be unfavorable sometimes , while the specific pick is always favorable . 
  the question is whether one should feel guilty for always choosing the favorable option whilst defying the rules . 
  kinda , half subconsciously . 
  holy shit , and to think none of this was copy/pasted !, 
  i love how it looks like a photo of something in the real world ... 
  i just wish people could see enough colors so that we could visualize such minute differences in temperature and humidity in minecraft biomes with extreme clarity and detail . 
  that would be so fucking awesome . 
  i 'd say it 's a very good clarification, 
  i was saying that it interacts with the internet in the ways that your internet browser does , with pretty much the same limitations and abilities et cetera et cetera et cetera . 
  i listed all of the types of internet data that it can and ca n't read : http for regular old webpages , ftp for proper database access ( although the more you look at the two the more similar they become ) , irc for most chat rooms , https for encrypted web pages , and pop and imap for email ( the difference is that pop sucks because it deletes your stuff ) . 
  then i talked about how it can talk back , by putting files on servers via ftp , talking on irc , putting files on your computer , or actually putting text into the window of the application . 
  heuristic means that it will \\* subconsciously * modify itself to get more effective as it goes on , maximize its speed and success rate at `` understanding '' stuff . 
  i say how i want it to be able to talk , get comfortable on any sort of server , and reason . 
  then i boast about how fucking awesome the memory is , but then worry about how it 'll understand the actual `` meaning '' of words if it does n't have the real world to reference . 
  then i give a list of exceptions where it does get an idea of what something is , and exceptions to those exceptions where the idea is n't clear . 
  then i say how my expectations are realistic as shit and how i think i could actually take the heuristic stuff out and still end up with a decent a.i. 
  the edit is just me rambling to myself ; i made it hard to understand `` on purpose '' . 
  i 'd say it 's a mathematical proposition . 
  and i 'd define a concept as anything i can stick in my grid , which is anything . 
  now i saw tomato from my peripheral vision and misread it as tomato first . 
  d : it was you all along !, 
  does n't leaving it untranslated make it more awesome ? 
  we must have pics . 
  it 's ascii art , ca n't you see it ? 
  this . 
  sounds good, 
  there are spoiler tags ? / idiot, 
  you have to look into real world circuitry first and figure out all of the equivalents to all the gates that let you process stuff ; like , a not switch that inverts the signal is a block with a redefine torch on it . 
  why ? 
  who the fuck knows . 
  does n't really make sense . 
  but you 'll end up using them anyway , because you 'll have to invert the signal frequently over long distances , as it peters out after like 20 blocks . 
  these things you just have to memorize ; the rest you must come up with from engineering brilliance . 
  true , but the point of getting robbed is that it 's really annoying . 
  thus , the `` defying the rules '' reaction from the brain is still elicited because it 's supposed to be an inconvenience . 
  very good . 
  i wanted to write something like this , for the homestuck game i eventually want to program ( with the moste epik grafixx ) , but i like having a problem solved for me . 
  i was like , dammit !, 
  gave me heir of doom !, 
  ( wanted heir of time , although i think space is more advantageous , and this odds-maximizing tendency could conceivably yield me light ), 
  ( name : mike ), 
  this sounds so much like trolling or straight-up sarcasm that i think i 'll just discount it as irony :d, 
  ohh thanks !, 
  excellent update . 
  it has elicited another burst of productivity from me ; my a.i. 
  's decision-components are now organized into `` thoughts '' . 
  keep it up , hussie !, 
  i deny everything, 
  thank you !, 
  no , i do n't need any work done for me , i was just wondering whether anyone knew any of these elusive sources . 
  thank you !, 
  they can just stuff sequences into plasmids on a whim now ? 
  i never knew ... 
  i completely lost it at the perl crack . 
  yes, 
  i can not say how many times this has happened to me, 
  okay , like three , but that 's still too much, 
  oh , do n't worry . 
  i 'm only programming the two parts that suggest and reject directives ( which i call `` directives '' ) , which i like to call the id and the superego respectively . 
  the ego , that evaluates and chooses between these directives , and performs other actions such as retrieving information from its extensive ( and awesomely organised ) memory , is still in progress , and needs the id and superego finished to work and be testable anyway . 
  some directives are hardwired into the machine ( a human example : go to the bathroom ) , while others are added through reception of the outside world ( a human example : check reddit ) . 
  the id picks which of these to send to the ego , along with the appropriate emotional connotation/reward ( `` completing this will add +2 to d [ standing for `` desire '' or `` dopamine '' ] . 
  you know you want to maximize d ! '' ) . 
  this list would differ between humans and the a.i. , however ; see this comparison :, 
  human :, 
  eat, 
  drink, 
  empty excretory system, 
  conserve energy, 
  ~ ~ do n't ~ ~ masturbate, 
  do n't die, 
  be in good standing with other humans, 
  learn, 
  check reddit, 
  check for open ports, 
  learn, 
  analyze system, 
  find storage space for self, 
  find processor space for self, 
  check reddit, 
  the ego can accept or reject these directives , based on input from the superego , which sends the antitheses to directives ( `` if you do this , i 'll take away 3 from d and add 2 to p [ `` prolactin '' , the hormone that causes sadness ] . 
  that will make you feel bad ! '' ) . 
  the ego has a few basic objectives that it wants to complete ( `` make d as high as possible '' , `` make p as low as possible '' , etc. 
  ) , but also an agenda of its own compromised of things from both the id and superego , as well as a few additional things it thought up ( human example : `` turn this in by monday '' ) , all of which are immediately mirrored in the id to some degree . 
  if something appears enough on this list the id takes note and adds it to its library as well ( which is how habits and addictions form : first you tell yourself to check reddit , and eventually you find yourself wanting to check reddit all the time ) . 
  what i have n't figured out yet is how to give the ego a soul . 
  by this , i mean that you , as a person , can think independently of , and with effort even ignore , your id and superego . 
  your actual consciousness is confined to the ego , where you comfortably sit as boss . 
  you still think thoughts , conduct reasoning and all that jazz . 
  you 're your own person irrelevant to the input you 're getting from your mental cabinet . 
  what my tiny model of the ego does is calculate which directives from the cabinet will give it the most favorable result , and automatically start trying to execute them . 
  in this way , it is essentially enslaved by the id and superego . 
  what it needs is something that will allow it to actually think , rather than just determine . 
  i have labeled this missing piece of machinery the `` soul '' ; hopefully i can figure it out soon .
