  or just watched monty python 's holy grail . 
  and i was excited that this had something to do with astronomy . 
  ahahaha disabled people getting hurt, 
  just two minutes ago , i took an airport baggage cart up an escalator . 
  no , i 'm implying that baggage carts are similar to wheelchairs . 
  and no , not because of cargo . 
  [ y0u have n0 way 0f kn0wing that i d0 that but with zer0s ] ( / aa ), 
  well , doc scratch could have made trolls select for agressiveness . 
  but that 's a moot point here because all of the protagonistic trolls ' genetic profiles existed before doc scratch interfered . 
  and homestuck . 
  there 's going to be a total of six alpha acts . 
  unless hussie was counting intermissions in this case , which would be inconsistent . 
  could you please label the different parts of the picture for us ? 
  it 's a bit hard to interpret just so . 
  ( i will major in biomedical engineering . 
  and yet . ), 
  the beta kids did n't take the ruins with them , either . 
  this was a major plot point . 
  jade 's temple never entered the medium . 
  you have been misinformed . 
  but it seems like you were on here way before ... 
  it was in [ s ] dirk : unite . 
  incorrect . 
  in the first room , you had four separated red curtains , then a pair of first a blue curtain and a red curtain . 
  these were act 1 , act 2 , act 3 , act 4 , act 5 act 1 , and act 5 act 2 . 
  then , you traveled on a replica of the beat mesa to a second room , with six green curtains , close together like the blue and red ones . 
  these were act 6 acts 1-6 . 
  there was no white ( act 7 ) curtain . 
  these prove it . 
  the six green curtains found in the second room were the six mini-acts . 
  ( intermissions are n't shown , unless hussie is being inconsistent . 
  he did n't show the first intermission in the first room . ), 
  no , but it 's shaped * very * similarly . 
  anyone who 's ever had to draw this symbol knows that there are four big , wavy arms , then four smaller , longer , pointy ones between them , and then very small nubbier ones ( but still pointy ) between those . 
  the only thing in which it 's off is the proportions . 
  it fits practically perfectly . 
  and how do * you * know . 
  \\* sniff *, 
  it is known that it results from alchemization of the hammer of zillyhoo with the fluorite octet , from deep inside a formspring . 
  remember , that 's what vriska gave the code of to john . 
  you could ask / r/bioengineering . 
  we need more subs , and they 'd be happy to answer . 
  i ca n't answer your question firsthand , though . 
  [ original article . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/nbt/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nbt.2269.html#/access ), 
  you just publicized it by cross posting it . 
  the intersection between marine biologists and reddit users is pretty narrow , and not all of them know about this subreddit at that !, 
  ( i know i did n't , though i 'm technically not a marine biologist . ), 
   you ca n't group people together based on the colour of their skin and say the levels of melanin is the deciding factor of their behaviour , attitude and morality and then go ahead and condemn all of those people based on your skewed classifications . 
  as the devil 's advocate , i 'm going to say that he 's not saying that the levels of melanin themselves determine behavior , but that the genes responsible for those levels of melanin correlate with other genes that replace the ones responsible for building the central nervous system in white people , which build an inferior central nervous system than those of white people . 
  one that ca n't process morality as well . 
  but i do n't agree with this . 
  it would be possible , but it 's clearly not the case . 
  me too , but then i decided it was usb . 
  what you need to do is find someone who knows stars and hand them a laser pointer . 
  this is how i learned the constellations . 
  and i should have known it , too !, 
  i had one of these . 
  one above the bottom right one . 
  why is this necessary ? 
  xkcd references are boring and overused , and no one wants to hear about how bad * atlas shrugged * was . 
  you 're just being a dick . 
  why am i wrong ? 
  teach me , then . 
  i 'd say he looks less feminine , actually . 
  but then tedd does n't look very feminine to me in the first place . 
  i 'm guessing none of them are in nj . 
  ; - ; i 'm comparatively well off for the east coast , though ; nearest one is ~ 1.5 h from where i stay . 
  hello . 
  i do n't actually agree with the point that i 'm arguing ? 
  `` devil 's advocate '' ? 
  anyway , i 'm not saying that we get our morality from our genes . 
  i 'm saying that there are functions of the brain responsible for being able to have any sort of morality whatsoever ( i.e. , to self-regulate one 's actions ) . 
  sometimes these are completely absent in individuals , not necessarily due to a genetic cause . 
  this is called `` psychopathy '' . 
  furthermore , i 'm saying that a better argument for a racist to make is that the genes that govern this ability of the brain are inferior to those of white people . 
  as well as maybe other genes that govern intelligence . 
  it depends on what kind of racist the racist is . 
  i 'll try to be extra nice to it when i 'm a doctor . 
  he 's making a `` java sucks '' joke . 
  ( unless you knew that . ), 
  this is a serious subreddit . 
  we * hate * jokes here . 
  except java jokes ; those are fine . 
  same here . 
  actually , i still think of 800x600 as an `` extra-big '' resolution . 
  but let 's not get into a nostalgia-circlejerk . 
  [ s ] descend . 
  yeah , but in this case i 'm talking about getting a book , taking a peek at it , and realizing that you already know everything in it without having read it . 
  why do i remember this ? 
  i made an account the day i came upon reddit , and my account age is ... not * far * less , but still much too less to be enough . 
  i know i 've seen the exact ice shower thing before . 
  * necessary ? 
  * absolutely * necessary ? 
  * a webcomic ? 
  not everyone wants to hear about it . 
  let 's do that . 
  can we find a submission and collaborate on the title ? 
  anne frankly ... ... ... ... ... 
  wait , what ?
