  renolock , watch out !, 
  and some really nice mountains with telescopes on 'em . 
  knight would just kill you . 
  `` whenever this minion deals damage , deal some more damage '' loops infinitely . 
  ah , good point , you ca n't actually negate lifesteal by adding a `` deal damage to your face '' clause . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  that 's almost as good as patches !, 
  if your opponent waits 2 turns , then they 've spent 2 turns doing absolutely nothing . 
  that 's way better for you than drawing 2 cards , so your opponent is inclined to trade into it regardless . 
  so this draws you 2 cards and stops a couple pirates or a weapon hit while it 's at it . 
  that 's really , really good , better than any other card in hearthstone can do . 
  maybe stonehill defender comes close , but this is even better . 
   also do you like going into a meta of only hunters , zoolock , pirate warrior , and egg druid ? 
  would * you * like playing a meta where this card is in every single paladin deck ? 
  not that a certain 3 mana 1/4 taunt is n't already ... 
  there 's also that card posted not long ago that was a warrior spell with the effect , `` both players shuffle a copy of their deck into their deck . '', 
  residentsleeper to the max, 
  * c. tetani * lives underground and dies pretty quickly when exposed to oxygen , so as long as you did n't dig the thing up , you 're fine . 
  that 's what / u/batbast was saying, 
  also , if you give it to rogue , it might actually get played , unlike if it were given to warlock . 
  this is my favorite kind of meme hearthstone video , where it references a bunch of other meme hearthstone videos . 
  well done !, 
  i 'm really happy and excited that this is the next / r/programmerhumor meme . 
  ca n't wait to see the demos . 
  not sure which one to hype more : this new meme , or westworld 2 . 
  now we just need someone to explain `` czech = javascript '' . 
  i 'd say czech is algol , given that both of them have way too many non-ascii characters . 
  this reminds me , `` happy '' by pharrell williams is a perfect target for a meme hearthstone video . 
  i do n't get it . 
  does the unix clock stop every so often when a leap second gets added ? 
  giving hunter card draw would just enhance hunter face strategies . 
  you need to couple the card draw to your opponent gaining health or something , or else face hunter will abuse it . 
  once , there was a firebat video where he had to play cleric into pyromancer into double circle of healing versus a control warrior who had two armorsmiths and another minion up . 
  he drew 5 cards for 4 mana , but his opponent gained 20 armor . 
  that sounds like a balanced `` card draw for hunter '' . 
  2 more stats than ultrasaur . 
  are you trying to literally destroy the meta ? 
  why did they design it this way ? 
  why bother ? 
  edit : apparently , for a `` simple mathematical relationship to utc '' . 
  god help us all . 
  wait , your opponent is a genius . 
  quest hunter is actually good in this brawl !, 
  because it 's the most situational card in all of hearthstone ? 
  who plays galvadon and goes for 4 +1 / +1 adapts ? 
  now that i think about it , why the hell is devolve 2 mana and mass dispel 4 mana ? 
  it should be 3 mana at most . 
  well generally it 's a small mistake that turns out to have horrible consequences , which i think is an okay use for this meme . 
  path of nature is n't terribly busted , especially not in druid , but it 's just straight powercreep over tree of life , and also forbidden healing ( which , granted , is in a different class , but is in the class that generally gets the best healing cards ) . 
  you have to remember that reno druid was never even remotely viable as a deck . 
  is there any stage of the animation where it 's completely invisible ? 
  i think this guy just got the unluckiest adapt choices ever . 
  what about in the off season ? 
  sleep with the fishes saw no play for the entirety of msog , due to pirate warrior being the only viable form of warrior . 
  lakkari sacrifice control does, 
  well , every deck is a deck , but only a couple of those are played . 
  lakkari sacrifice control ... is n't really played , but it 's an idea of a deck archetype that most people who try to make questlock work have in common , and it was an idea as soon as people saw lakkari sacrifice , before jug was even released . 
  it was pioneered by trump , i think . 
  for some reason they did n't seem to play sleep though . 
  i guess at that point people had already internalized sleep as being a bad card . 
  i remember towards the end of the msog meta someone mentioned the card in a reddit thread as being the crappy control card warrior got that expansion , and i wrote something like , `` yeah , and it 's strange that it 's so bad , because it 's pretty good on paper ; with any whirlwind effect , it 's a flamestrike . '', 
  in the following several weeks , the card slowly rose up to prominence , and by the time jug came out and made taunt warrior a thing , it was a standard warrior control card . 
  what a strange lifetime of a card . 
  that 's a nice , sophisticated tool you 've got there . 
  how do people learn about these ? 
  for paladin flavor , its theme is that it 's the `` army '' class , with a bunch of dudes and buff cards and cards that buff a bunch of dudes . 
  murlocs make good soldiers , i guess . 
  sure , but whenever a big name streamer tries out an unpopular deck , that encourages a bunch more people who were n't aware of its existence to try it out as well . 
  for every innovation made by a streamer , there are always a bunch of people with no internet presence who already did it , but we still keep track of which streamers come up with which innovations , because they usually have a major effect on their popularity . 
  it 's all a little moot with lakkari sacrifice control , though , because that deck is fairly garbage and never found any popularity to begin with . 
  i 'd say it * is * slightly surprising , though ; i think more people were expecting the card to fit into disco zoo . 
  but the quest is a hair more viable in a control deck than in a zoo deck , thanks to it naturally fitting the curve of control warlock , as opposed to killing what is an important turn and an important draw for zoolock . 
  ( or maybe some other reason , i dunno . ), 
  but if you steal it with mc tech and return it to hand , then it has more value for * you . 
  * i guess it depends on what cards you 've got and what cards your opponent 's got . 
  oh geez , this looks like it kills control decks really soundly . 
  time to start playing rain of frogs , i guess ? 
  should n't it go up to 100 then ? 
  someone who saw them lying around in the dirt i guess ? 
  what about `` leash '' , whose bright idea was that ? 
  wait , how did they frame this exactly ? 
  `` our party is nasa-themed , so as a form of entertainment , let 's mount a bunch of speakers '' ? 
  seems like a hard sell . 
  this is the perfect idea . 
  if they do n't want to do it , somebody should pitch it to coyote ; he seems like the kind of guy who 'd be enthusiastic about making it happen . 
  what about knuckles , and dante from the * devil may cry * series ? 
  from * what ? 
  * from the atg at 135 ? 
  from malay ? 
  it is telling you that your middle finger is really dry , and maybe you should start using some hand lotion or something . 
  that is tyrantus , not barnabus !, 
  much more balanced obviously, 
  without context it 's not very funny , but with the callback to kripp 's dennis it gets much funnier . 
  also , i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen a play as terrible as this one . 
  too fun and interactive for this sinful world :(, 
  is echo mage not old ? 
  it 's over 2 years old at this point, 
  it looks like something someone would wear for a gag on an animated tv show to establish their character as rebellious , quirky , or dumb . 
  people usually joke that wisp has infinite value , because its mana cost is 0 and value is essentially ( resources gained ) / ( resources spent ) . 
  infinite tempo would be a minion with infinite stats that is able to attack infinitely early ( so turn 1 ) .
