  the thread got lost in the last sentence . 
  how about : `` if x is less than the cost of safer gear , we do n't buy any . '', 
  ( not that `` safer gear '' is necessarily the right solution , but it 's plausible enough for the joke ), 
  because their coats are soft and warm , or why ? 
  wild mill druid loves this card . 
  taldaram will probably be in a lot of meme combo decks , but i 'll be surprised if there 's a competitive niche for him ever . 
  maybe quest mage can run him as a third molten reflection . 
  i 'm not sure it can necessarily be done . 
  zetalot was n't able to hit legend with priest in wotog ( or karazhan ? ), 
  iirc , and that must have been a better deck . 
  also not sure whether anyone ever hit legend with hunter during msog . 
  somebody copied and pasted part of your comment into wikipedia , exclamation marks and all , lol . 
  this is a very likely possibility , but how many guys will still actually be in his deck by the time he has the keleseth factory set up ? 
  afaik there 's no way to put extra dudes in your deck for this . 
  even elise # 2 only breaks even , and puts a spell in your deck rather than a minion . 
  that only adds 6 . 
  we need to go infinite , jade druid style !, 
  it was [ this edit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=salp&amp;diff=792963073&amp;oldid=792124113 ) the guy who reverted it wrote in his edit annotation , `` a paragraph of toxic excitement , '' ha . 
  it was really surreal for me , because i read the page first , and your comment later , so those three paragraphs or so seemed really weird and out of place . 
  eh , the community could totally get used to it . 
  maybe we will even demoralize the jade decks !, 
  who knows !, 
  responding to your title : that 's why you put it in a deck that is designed to go to fatigue !, 
  but who both appreciates well-presented information and tilts their pie charts ? 
  or really even uses pie charts for more than two or three things at all ? 
  wait , so then you put on the * shampoo * first ? 
  i 've been doing it in the opposite order , dammit !, 
  i mean , there 's no cost to commenting ... but i agree that it seems unlikely that it 'd be good . 
  or yogg, 
  this is my favorite one . 
  it is so much funnier than all the others . 
  happened to firebat 's opponent at a tournament in ~ ~ 2014 ~ ~ ~ ~ 2015 ~ ~ 2014 . 
  firebat was playing zoolock , and his opponent was playing ... wan na say huntertaker ? 
  firebat had all but won the game , but the patriarch off of the spider prevented lethal for a turn and allowed his opponent to topdeck sludge belcher or something . 
  firebat lost that game , and later turned it into a youtube video . 
  edit : ca n't be huntertaker , those do n't run tomb spider . 
  what the hell was it ? 
  edit 2 : huh , it was n't tomb spider , it was webspinner , and it really was huntertaker . 
  it was definitely tomb spider , so i guess it was 2015 and not huntertaker . 
  but somebody with better internet than me should go back and check . 
  all of spender 's reactions on this page make more sense if he 's been hijack 'd . 
  also , it would explain why he would say earlier such a weird thing as `` i can feel that it 's one of them '' ; he 's saying it because he 's hijack and does n't know how these things work , not because he 's spender and it 's a real thing . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  you 're not alone , that 's the only usage i 've ever heard for `` sprig '' . 
  maybe somewhere else they use it differently ? 
  or alternatively , 2 \u00d7 ( number of cards drawn ) - 1 . 
  this formula works for mind vision , raven idol , and sprint , too . 
  the only pure card advantage spell i can think of that the formula does n't work for is thistle tea , which costs 1 extra . 
  primordial glyph also costs either 2 or 0 depending on how you look at it , but it has an additional effect besides giving you a card . 
  control shaman was a real thing for a while , and it revolved around hallazeal being one of your three half-renos ( the other two being your two copies of ~ ~ that one tgt card that heals for 14 sometimes ~ ~ healing wave ) . 
  edit : as pointed out below , it is also worth noting that control shaman is still a very , very good deck in wild . 
  i 'm not sure if i agree with the claim that it 's the best control deck in wild , though . 
  yes that thanks !, 
  forget tajikistan , kyrgyzstan 's flag looks even more like a hotel logo . 
  or maybe a water company logo . 
  it is one of the best water company logo-looking flags out there , though , compared to new provo and new pocatello . 
  so it could * totally be * a hotel logo for a hotel company whose hotels are yurts . 
  you can go abroad and still be afraid !, 
  although it 's getting better ; android , for example , has a switch for data roaming , which is off by default . 
  also , for america in particular , t-mobile has now become a thing , so if you buy their plan in america , you can have internet elsewhere too ( but i 'm not sure where else ; i 've only used it in countries that have t-mobile , but iirc that should n't be a requirement ) . 
  the secret paladin counter we 've all been waiting for since tgt !, 
  if your apm is high enough , you can play this card in between playing jade idol and selecting `` shuffle '' . 
  but if it 's helping complete the quest , then that means you 're drawing the cards before playing barnabus . 
  ( unless you apm triple innervate barnabus before the draw , but i do n't think there 's a human alive that fast . ), 
  he can taste the mana ... ? 
  but patron warrior is oppressive !, 
  somebody nerf that shit !, 
  this is a funny thread to read after reading that big pro-sniper thread in / r/pubattlegrounds a few days ago , which is now the most upvoted post of all time there . 
  the difference in culture is amazing . 
  a highly upvoted comment chain from there :, 
   streaming is the equivalent of showing your hand in a card game . 
  you ca n't get mad at anyone who happens to see your cards . 
  i 'm gon na try this at my next home poker game with my friends . 
  leave my cards face up on the table and throw a hissy fit when they take my money . 
  to be fair to that thread , most people said that the solution was to have a delay , and this was in the context of the devs banning people for stream sniping , but there were still a lot of things said that would make the people who said them look like jerks in this thread . 
  i personally agree more with the points in this thread , but really the two threads do n't relate to each other enough to be taken as two opposing ideologies . 
  but anyway it 's still interesting to compare . 
  all tech cards are an example to a certain extent , and i have no doubt that this effect is present , but overall , card value and deck representation are both too complex/noisy to be approximated as some sort of differentiable function of the meta , especially not small parts of the meta . \\* i really doubt that any particular card or deck obeys anything like a simple first - or second-order law . 
  have golakka crawler and pirate decks achieved an equilibrium , even a sinusoidal one ? 
  have eater of secrets and mage or secret paladin achieved an equilibrium ? 
  last time i checked , the amount of representation of all of those was still changing unpredictably , and i 'll bet it 'll keep changing unpredictably . 
  ( actually , now that i think about it , maybe a lotka-volterra-type model with a term for every card versus every deck * is * all you need to predict the meta reasonably accurately ... ? 
  but tech cards would n't make up the biggest terms even then , i 'm sure of it . 
  somebody with more time than me should fit a bazillion-term lv model to all the data from data reaper . 
  just cards vs cards , do n't bother with deck types . 
  maybe there 's something in it . ), 
  ^ ( * in this case , we 're specifically assuming that something like the lotka-volterra equations can be taken as a major component in a descriptive model of card and deck representation . ), 
  yeah i wanted to mention extremes but could n't fit it in . 
  this kind of selection pressure is probably gon na be dominant when a deck or a card is hugely overrepresented in the meta . 
  but even then , the tech card is not necessarily the card you want to try running the most . 
  if the whole meta is jade druid , you 're not gon na have the most success just teching this one card . 
  first and foremost you wan na run aggro cards -- an entire aggro deck , in fact , before running this card . 
  you 'll have a near 100 % winrate even without it !, 
  similarly , if the whole meta is pirates , running golakka crawler is good , but running a bunch of cheap board clears is even better . 
  so this may be generally applicable in the extreme case , but maybe more to the more playable cards , rather than the tech cards . 
  on the other hand , if there 's a lot of the * card , * and there 's no jades/pirates , then it 's pretty straightforward . 
  why would you want to play a vanilla 6 mana 4/6 ? 
  the predator/prey model applies for sure . 
  you are right that germany uses commas as decimal separators .
