  now convert that gif to ascii . 
  ( but anyway , well done !, 
  i was thinking of making something similar , a program that builds pictures out of pictures in a collage , but i have n't gotten around to it yet . ), 
  that 's how type america just we in . 
  he 'd get so much more wattage if he covered it in gigantors rather than ox-stats . 
  ^ ( ( if you do n't get it , this is a kerbal space program reference , i do n't know anything about solar panels actually ) ^ ), 
  ~ ~ it 's a pretty light dog , just hoisting it by its neck is very unlikely to snap it . ~ ~ i 'm an idiot , i did n't notice exactly what happened to it . 
  i majored in biomedical and chemical engineering , so learning about it was pretty much mandatory for me ( since it 's valuable to epidemiology ) . 
  i think i heard about it earlier as a kid too , though . 
  i 'm less sure about that . 
  this is just in : taco bell says , `` it 's a myth that consumers do n't want tacos . '', 
  ( all the same i am really excited for google fiber , google can have the monopoly for all i care ), 
  i just envisioned what it would be like if , instead of allowing the south back into the union , the union just forcibly deported everyone from there to japan . 
  ( realistically , they die or get turned around and go live on pacific islands . 
  unrealistically , they move in and form a syncretic culture ... that would have been awesome . ), 
  it is like if you crossed portal with lemony snicket and real life . 
  install wrong drivers over the right drivers , or get a third-party wifi client that does n't actually work . 
  i killed jeb . 
   it 's more fun that way, 
  you get more science that way . 
  or , if you have no solar panels and you need your fuel for things , your constraint is amount of electricity , so you ca n't transmit too many times repeatedly , which is what i meant . 
  wow , thank you , this is great !, 
  every time i see this : hypochlorite , not chlorine !, 
  it has an oxygen !, 
  and a cation !, 
  ( but i love the gif so much ), 
  speak for yourself , a field recently burned down next to berkeley where i currently live , and smelling and seeing the smoke was the most interesting part of the whole day . 
  indeed, 
  it was recently discovered that rigel kent a has a small planet . 
  i am a biomedical engineer and you just described my job . 
  transistors are n't really on-off switches . 
  their usefulness in computing comes from their ability to be put together into logic gates , especially nor . 
  tbf though out of the hundreds or thousands of species that once were , there 's only a couple left . 
  but the hemocyanin-containing blood is nowhere near unique to * limulus * . 
  it 's actually found in both molluscs and arthropods !, 
  the thing in their blood that actually helps them fight infections and be very valuable to biomedical science is the amebocytes , which are gooey cells in their blood sort of like macrophages . 
  if you put the amebocytes into a blender , you get [ amebocyte lysate ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limulus_amebocyte_lysate ) ( which means `` cut up amebocytes '' ) , or `` lal '' , which is what can detect infections for you in a test tube . 
  at last , you do n't have to infect eggs with viruses to see whether they work !, 
  ( before the discovery of lal , we injected viruses into eggs to infect them . 
  we still do that , but not as much , since lal 's roughly a gillion times faster . ), 
  other creatures have amebocytes too , but they do n't make coagulogen granules , so they do n't clot when you pour pathogens into them , so they 're useless to us . 
  * limulus * blood is also a good ph indicator . 
  no , wait , that 's litmus . 
  because maybe he 's not the kind of person who is interested in casual sex or something ? 
  i mean jesus , if i said that , i 'd die of shame . 
  i have also never met a talking duck, 
  do you live in berkeley , princeton , bridgewater , giessen , miskolc , palo alto , or st. petersburg ? 
  montana ? 
  maine ? 
  manganese ? 
  hungarian here , this is from one of our commercials . 
  how did you find this ? 
  hungarian . 
  oh god i did n't even think of that one . 
  so many states ... 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaugh, 
  damn , i make such flights regularly but i can never get as good a picture . 
  ( also , it is not really common that we fly over mountains this tall ! ), 
  what did you use to make the picture ? 
  oh my gosh , i make that same flight four times every year !, 
  the munich airport is so convenient , is n't it ? 
  i do it to go to hungary twice every year to visit my ( still alive ! ), 
  grandparents , and miscellaneous family . 
  i do that all the time . 
  i 'm sure most other people do too . 
  what surprises me is that you 're surprised !, 
  it would look so much cooler if the spittle were floating around in bubbles in the vacuum !, 
  ( although what would really happen of course is instant vaporization ), 
  `` i have no idea what windows are '', 
  the people with asthma in your office must hate you, 
  thank you , that was very interesting !, 
  you should read nietzsche , it 's full of this stuff , sort of . 
  aww . 
  :( why ? 
  just steampunk . 
  i 'm planning on turning it into a comic about the history of austria-hungary , and releasing it in june . 
  june 4 is the anniversary of the death of a-h . would n't want to miss it !, 
  ( it will be a challenge to finish it by then , between school and work and the huge length of it i have in mind . ), 
  by the way i just noticed , thank you for the sidebarring !, 
  i appreciate it a lot . 
   warning : before you read this article , beware that the more scientifically literate you are , the more likely you are to misinterpret this information in a way that supports your own ideology . 
  well , do n't fucking editorialize it then !, 
  also , if you * do * know anything about cognitive biases and how human beliefs are shaped , you understand that even a strong correlation would only indicate a cultural difference ; most/all peoples ' political beliefs are determined much much earlier than when they become educated or not . 
  heads up , though , i think it 's a troll account and we fell for it . 
  not that we should n't ban it , but that we should n't vote on it ( giving it more attention ) . 
  10/10 , never played !, 
  well , the article , while rightly dismissing the original study , made it out like any sort of similar study would be futile and impossible to interpret correctly , essentially saying , `` sorry , you ca n't be rational about this , especially if you 're educated . '', 
  that 's pretty dumb imo , since it 's not hard to see where one goes wrong in making the conclusion , `` liberalism is better , '' from that data . 
  because there 's a lot to translate and it 's all trivial bullshit anyway . 
  if you 're curious i 'll translate . 
  in my case :, 
  amount of languages known before learning latin : 3, 
  amount of languages known after learning latin ( not including latin itself ) : 6, 
  why is russia 's flag like that ? 
  for the wikipedia article for `` russian empire '' , it just shows the regular russian flag . 
  i have one of the most common names ever handed out in 90s america , michael , but when i went to america for summer school in america in the early 90s , there was only one other michael in the whole school . 
  this was in new jersey . 
  ... commit arson . 
  and that 's the primary reason why i use latex . 
  that is why you get a cave diving license first , and you do n't go in that kind of cave .
