  my problem is , how much does * p * need to be exactly in order for * n * = e [ * k * ] ? 
  1/2 turned out to be too little , and 0.55 to be too much . 
  initially i thought it to be e ^ -1 or e ^ -1 / 2 , but that 's about 0.38 and 0.607 respectively . 
  i 'm using 0.51 currently , but it still seems like it 's just a little bit not enough . 
  can anyone help ? 
  ... we have a pair of mirthful messiahs now . 
  [ ;o) ] ( / tc ), 
  ( i mean real ones , not those icp bozos . ), 
  my father and he did math together . 
  i 've already spent $ 261 dollars on a snoutpak , and i do n't want to lose that . 
  the next highest tier with both the snoutpak and the seerpak is the $ 605 tier , and i was planning to spend my weekly stipend ( a relatively meager $ 150 a week , for 6 weeks ) on tuition . 
  thus , i will probably resort to printing the designs out on posterboard and cutting cards out of them . 
  i hope you wo n't think any less of me for this . 
  i think a safe bet is somewhere in between 2.2 and 2.3 million . 
  ( and do keep in mind that the game wo n't be over yet , because all those people who wanted to donate with paypal will get a brief shot at it . ), 
  we could still fanmake one . 
  i 'd use a tune that reflects john 's anger , though , making heir conditioning inappropriate to use . 
  ( stormspirit would 've been great for jack wandering around the castle , though . 
  and the high note would be when he opens the chest ... ), 
  edit : `` another chance '' might work , but it 's kind of too upbeat . 
  edit 2 : `` negastrife '' would work , maybe . 
  edit 3 : or `` bec noir '' . 
  edit 4 : or the parts of `` at the price of oblivion '' not used yet . 
  or a remix thereof . 
  i did n't regret it . 
  it got pretty hot by the afternoon , though . 
  of interest would be ways to alter the format of the title so that it looks like normal text , but centered and with a different and bold font , and ways to reduce the margins so that a decent amount of text fits on a page . 
  i 'm also looking for a good slab-serif font ideal for latex . 
  and while i 'm asking questions , how do i make \\ underline not suck ? 
  i 'm sure you know what i mean . 
  i have nothing to do next weekend and the weekend after , and i thought that it would be fun to write a short article with my friend that loosely resembles a research paper . 
  i listed my materials in the title ; what do you think i can do with this ? 
  a documentation and breakdown of the different species of microbes in the nearby canal ( or river ) came to mind , but i think i could do something more interesting . 
  a while ago , someone mentioned that you could show evolution , by tinkering with the ph levels in your tiny controlled environment and observing the response of the microbial population . 
  maybe i could do something like that ; could someone give me specifics on that sort of thing ? 
  or if anyone has a better idea , i 'm willing to listen . 
  is it possible to make blood agar plates or something similar with household materials ? 
  i could grow something dry instead . 
  but that would sort of take time , and i 'm not entirely positive that the gap between said weekends will be one week , so leaving anything to happen under that interval is n't an option . 
  so , i 'm not very into gaming at all . 
  i used to be , but then eventually , every game i played bored me . 
  it seemed like the games had no point . 
  i 'm looking to get back into gaming , and a recent thread in / r/truegaming compelled me to write a bulleted list of attributes that totally sell a game for me . 
  these are as follows :, 
   - well-implemented time travel mechanics ( the closest i have seen to this is braid ), 
   - fun beyond losing ( as in , you can still play the game and do interesting things after losing , maybe even more interesting than if you had won ), 
   - ability to chose between a combat-based adventure , a puzzle-based adventure , or a combination of the two, 
   - sandox story : there is n't a set storyline , or a set amount of endings based on a the decisions you make in a few key moments ; instead , the story is shaped by how you play the game , responding to effort and technique, 
   - adaptive enemies/puzzles , based on what techniques you use to beat the previous ones, 
   - a good but unobtrusive story to tie it together ; i want to know what i 'm doing and why , but i want to be able to decide the specifics and take what happens at face value , not being told what is happening but making up my mind about it for myself, 
  ideally , a game that i want to play should have all of these things , but i do n't think there 's such a thing , so it would be nice if it could include at least a few . 
  what do you recommend ? 
  ( yes , i 've played portal 2 . 
  it was great . 
  it did n't hit any of these points , but it 's still one of my favorite games . ), 
  yeah . 
  i 've been failing so badly at finding this out for over an hour now . 
  i thought i had found it when i found out what a five atoms bonded around one atom ( without any extra electron pairs ) looked like , but that was n't it . 
  it 's really infuriating . 
  i tried looking up approximations via the query `` stellated pentahedron '' , the outward points of which would have formed a shape of this sort , but no luck . 
  please , can anyone present me a diagram of this ? 
  if you did n't understand my title , i mean five points on a sphere such that , using only lines on the sphere , they 're all equidistant from each other . 
  edit : maybe it looks like a t-shaped bond but with the bonding atoms equidistant from the center ? 
  i 'm an undergrad majoring in biomedical engineering and chemical engineering . 
  i 've done some lab work , but it was n't very interesting . 
  i 'm looking to acquire a phd . 
  what do you research ? 
  what does day-to-day life consist of ? 
  where are you looking to go ? 
  do you regret going into biology ? 
  i just realized that homestuck has provided me with the best concrete visualization of hash functions ever . 
  i mean , serious eldritch stuff . 
  the kind of piece that , if they made * the call of cthulhu * into a movie , they would use as background music . 
  dark , sinister , ominous , recalling something unimaginably huge and terrifying , wih no human qualities to it at all , except perhaps malevolence . 
  any such piece will do , but the more of them and the longer the better . 
  it 's for a soundtrack . 
  not for * the call of cthulhu * , though . 
  i 'm also more interested in seeing how older composers , with more restrictive compositional rules , pulled it off . 
  and of course , i 'll take what i can get ; if it only fits the definition loosely , i ca n't exactly be picky . 
  i ca n't be the only one when does this . 
  doing work is much more bearable when i have something to listen to . 
  myself , it 's really whatever new piece of music i 've found at the moment ; i posted [ this thread ] ( http://redd.it/11ty20 ) a while ago , and am now listening to the suggestions i got while working on things . 
  if i really like a piece , i 'll play it to death and get tired of it only eventually . 
  i have n't quite played mahler 's symphonies to death yet , so there 's a few examples of such a piece in progress . 
  upvotes, 
  the, 
  left, 
  introducing / r/homestucklounge !, 
  so , i was going to make a post here about a really tangential matter , where i was gon na be all , `` hey dudez i can find the volumes of any of those cruxite dowels now , thats rad as hell '' . 
  of course , that would have been a really irrelevant submission to make . 
  so i remembered that some subreddits have `` lounge '' versions , where you discuss anything in particular with members of the main subreddit in a really relaxed way . 
  i was sure i had seen it before , but i looked in the list and such a subreddit was absent . 
  so , i created / r/homestucklounge . 
  i 'll be adding css soon , but otherwise it 'll be completely unmoderated , and will just be a place for reddit homestucks to just ... 
  i do n't know ... chill out . 
  share ideas , experiences and things , not related to homestuck . 
  anyone who applies for moderator will be accepted ; just promise to look at the spamfilter every once in a while , okay ? 
  edit : / r/homestuck , why 's your stylesheet so unreadable ? 
  edit 2 : why the downvotes ? 
  anything .
