  or at least help end it . 
  the biomedical engineering effort so far that i most admire is the one where they prototyped a 3d printer that prints working human organs . 
  if we can figure out how to cheaply mass-produce the stuff , then no one will ever have to worry about organ failire ever again !, 
  well except the reality is that stuff costs money , and it 's hard to make anything universally available like that , but that 's not my area of study . 
  what , you 're not allowed to have self-confidence ? 
  come on , think of all the things you know !, 
  do n't you feel the amount of stuff that it lets you do ? 
  the things i listed do n't seem useful to you ? 
  i mean , especially the scientific method part . 
  like , by gathering data about a phenomenon , you can use it to your advantage . 
  it 's not just about making a lightbulb , it 's also about inventing it . 
  and if you can invent it , you can also make it . 
  well , it might be hard to make it without materials . 
  but i hope you know what i mean ? 
  by knowing , learning , and researching , i * am * contributing . 
  nowadays when we think of `` science '' and `` research '' we think of very slow efforts to accomplish obscure tasks over time . 
  but that 's not the only thing that it 's good for !, 
  by building a nuclear reactor , i can power your home , cheaply . 
  ( though that 's not actually my specialty , but of course this is hypothetical . ), 
  you do n't want that ? 
  it 's an easter egg that roxy asked lil hal to build in . 
  you ramble * once * , and people think that 's what you do all the time ? 
  that 's not fair !, 
  i do too know how to have a constructive conversation , some contexts . 
  i read how in a book . 
  but i think you 've pretty much hit the nail on the head . 
  ( except the lies part . 
  there really is n't anything here that is n't true !, 
  okay , so i do n't know how to make a mass spectrometer screw-for-screw . 
  but i know how it works !, 
  and if i know how its components work , and how their components work , recursively to the deepest level , does n't that allow me to say that i can make one ? ), 
  do n't worry , i promise to contribute useful research as a graduate student and as a phd . 
  i 've been researching since i was in high school ( real research , too !, 
  i got paid a minute stipend and everything ) , and i ca n't wait to be able to choose my research topic . 
  you wo n't be disappointed !, 
  ( how can you be * over * eager ? ), 
  ca n't you have a script that edits out holes that have an area below a particular number ? 
  from his point of view , you 're begging the question . 
  where is it three ? 
  actually , where is it one ? 
  i grew up in hungary and i 've traveled a lot and only ever experienced two . 
  ( no , seriously , i 've traveled a * lot * . 
  though i have n't been to spain ; maybe that 's one of the odd ones out ? ), 
  til itertools . 
  now i can get rid of half the program i 'm working on . 
  listen , we 're talking specifically about the imaginary idealization of pirates . 
  like , the kind that is almost exactly as fake as unicorns . 
  not even blackbeard was that kind of cool . 
  we mean the pirates of the caribbean kind of pirate . 
  it 's fun to pretend , even if they never existed . 
  see also : science fiction . 
  also , `` walp '' . 
   be less curious about people, 
  so all my independent research in cognitive psychology is for naught ? 
  it sounds like at least five hours of work . 
  probably massively more . 
  this . 
  right here . 
  emoticon of this . 
  i 've actually posted this before . 
  let me find proof . 
  edit : tada : http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/sxhj9/gof_tier/, 
  it was eight months ago ; no one really cares . 
  this experimentally confirms that the speed of light is somewhere around 85 mph . 
  you completely lost about a million percent nuance there . 
  no points at all . 
  but i do think that there is a fundamental problem with being a democratic republic . 
  i do n't know what the political science terminology is , but electing whoever can convince * everyone * that he or she 's amazing does n't seem the best way to do it . 
  not everyone knows what 's good for them . 
  well , i was thinking that maybe everyone could still vote , but we 'd have a large , mobile hierarchy , and people at different points in the hierarchy would have privileges to vote over different issues . 
  the higher you get , the more esteem you need both voteswise and accomplishmentswise , but the longer terms you have to have . 
  but i have n't worked out any details , and there 's probably problems inherent in it all the same . 
  the person you replied to said the following :, 
   having worked at a kfc in my younger and more venerable years , i can tell you that this was likely intentional . 
  in most of the kfc eateries the chicken arrives in individual bags by part of animal ( frozen , and in some places fresh , though very few ) . 
  a cook would then take the pieces out in as a set . 
  for instance , you may need to make a rack of chicken for the evening , so you would take out , say , 4 breasts , 4 thighs , 4 wings . 
  those would be washed , breaded , the wings would be broken and folded , and then laid on a steel rack to be deep-fried in a pressure deep fryer . 
  the entire process is rather systematic , so i would take a guess that one of two things happened here . 
  it was either fully intentional , as a scumbag cook found the part accidentally in a bag and fried it for his sick teenage angst-type pleasure , or the cook in question was working well beyond his mental capacity . 
  either way , you should bring this in , if only to make the store aware that this has happened . 
  let them know the time that you bought the meal . 
  the chicken is not allowed to sit longer than a couple hours so they should have a good idea who cooked it . 
  hope this helps . 
  also , never eat at a kfc they are very unsanitary , it has been well over 10 years since i have worked there , and i believe my shoes smelled of that place until the day i threw them out . 
  hmm ... 
  well , what about schwarzchildsprite ? 
  remember how dave had conversations with the mayor ? 
  remember when we had to highlight mr. milkshake 's text ? 
  sometimes highlighting is part of the experience . 
  and , it can be argued , so is disabling styles , or ripping the image , or whatever . 
  the whole thing is an experience . 
  i just think it 's godly roleplaying , taken to the ultimate , extreme level . 
  well , not the most extreme level . 
  the most extreme level would at least have better graphics , not to mention better/more of everything else , too , and a fluid slider to control the flow of time . 
  but it 's the most extreme level available to us . 
  i just wish the engine were open-source , so we could create our own variations on it , with different mechanics and stuff . 
  well , maybe if you did n't phrase it like a middle schooler . 
  edit : okay , a high schooler . 
  the random redditor has seventeen upvotes .
