  bloom filters sound useful . 
  it 's not that i can come up with anything better . 
  it 's just quite an elating thought : one hash function does n't work ? 
  use more than one hash function !, 
  it really is the most obvious thing , and i 'm happy it works . 
  i just find the entire notion of `` this thing does n't work , use more of it '' funny , and it 's cool it see it appear in unexpected places like computer science . 
  that 's ... not very unique . 
  homestuck is a glamorous context . 
  i think the actual reason that the issues it discusses are n't discussed in a profound way is that it does n't explore them . 
  the issues themselves are profound . 
  however , homestuck does n't become profound just by including them . 
  it has to discuss them , dissect them , explore them . 
  otherwise , nothing of meaning results from it . 
  it 's only more ignominious if the context is more glamorous , because there is greater potential for profundity that is subsequently missed . 
  homestuck is a lot of things to me , but not a source of depth . 
  then again , i did n't major in literary criticism . 
  i think at that particular place , you ca n't do that , just one . 
  1:45 here , i 'll have to try again, 
  the kid had pretty good comebacks , actually . 
  i ca n't say i could 've replied so threateningly in that situation . 
  i 'd 've tried to handle it `` maturely '' by being an ineffectual ... uh ... trigger warning , homophobic slur ... is it okay if just once i use the word `` faggot '' , to mean `` a weak and incompetent person '' ? 
  i promise , i do n't have anything against lgbt or women . 
  i 'm not referring to either group . 
  i wish there were a more neutral term for what i want to use it for . 
  see what i mean ? 
  or something . 
  so , cringe . 
  ( sorry , i got here from / r/cringe/top ), 
  can you combine the two ? 
  although that seems like a lot of trouble , i.e. 
  processor time . 
  make an extra array for which alternate hash function you used for which element . 
  i assume you 've seen the xkcd comic with the cuttlefish ? 
  `` land of mounds and xenon '' does n't have a very nice ring to it , but i guess you got ta take what you can get . 
  everyone 's wishing with you , john . 
  i think it 's supposed to immediately bring to mind hussie . 
  i guess you can view homestuck as a study of grief . 
  ok , you 've got me . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  yes , yes it does , thank you . 
  \u00fc i did n't realize that one oft he planes he was concerned with was the page . 
  that 's like saying he traveled faster than the speed of light because he traveled faster than information down an optic nerve . 
  yes , but then why call it the `` speed of taste '' when its defining characteristic is not taste but thought ? 
  ( and he 's right , `` speed of thought '' sounds cooler anyway . ), 
  i 'll admit that my argument is n't very strong , because technically `` taste '' does fall under the same umbrella as `` sight '' and not `` light '' , but it 's still a cop out in that it 's roughly the same as the speeds of all the other senses and therefore less special . 
  ( except maybe proprioception , which i think might travel down myelinated neurons , otherwise you 'd get lag between where your body part is and where you sense it to be , aince motor neurons are myelinated . ), 
  i 've always been taught that it 's only motor neurons were myelinated . 
  :\\ and , well , it 's not like i 'm mad at you . 
  i just sort of groaned like it was a bad pun . 
  it 's exactly like a bad pun . 
  you keep * saying * you 're serious ... 
  when i tried this , my parents severely discouraged this approach . 
  i figured they knew better than me , and never got to see whether it actually worked . 
  do you have any information on whether it does , either from personal experience or second - or third-hand experience ? 
  ( i ca n't english . ), 
  why do you still have comic sans ? 
  it should be noted that i 've upvoted every single person who 's disagreed with me here , as far as i know . 
  that said . 
  in 7th grade , i took an sat test without preparing for it at all , it was spur-of-the-moment , i knew about it about an hour ahead of time and did n't do any research or anything . 
  i scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area . 
  an iq test has shown me to be in the 99.9 th percentile for iq . 
  this is the highest result the test i was given reaches ; anything further and they 'd consider it to be within the margin of error for that test . 
  my mother 's boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated virginia tech . 
  at the age of 15 , i understand physics better than him , and i owe very little of it to him , as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of anything , just tell me that my ideas were wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics . 
  he 's not particularly successful as an engineer , but i 've met lots of other engineers who are n't as good as me at physics , so i 'm guessing that 's not just a result of him being bad at it . 
  i 'm also pretty good at engineering . 
  i do n't have a degree , and other than physics i do n't have a better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer , but i have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things . 
  for example , i independently invented regenerative brakes before finding out what they were , and i was only seven or eight years old when i started inventing wireless electricity solutions ( my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy ; admittedly not the best plan ) . 
  i have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy i 've come across . 
  every question of existentialism which i 've seen discussed in smbc or xkcd or reddit or anywhere else , the thoughts have n't been new to me . 
  philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me ; i 've considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is . 
  psychology , i actually understand better than people with degrees . 
  unlike engineering , there 's no aspect of psychology which i do n't have a very good understanding of . 
  i can debunk many of even sigmund freud 's theories . 
  i 'm a good enough writer that i 'm writing a book and so far everybody who 's read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published . 
  and that 's not just , like , me and family members , that counts strangers on the internet . 
  i 've heard zero negative appraisal of it so far ; people have critiqued it , but not insulted it . 
  i do n't know if that will suffice as evidence that i 'm intelligent . 
  i 'm done with it , though , because i 'd rather defend my maturity , since it 's what you 've spent the most time attacking . 
  the following are some examples of my morals and ethical code . 
  i believe firmly that everybody deserves a future . 
  if we were to capture hitler at the end of wwii , i would be against executing him . 
  in fact , if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he was n't just faking it , i 'd even support the concept of letting him go free . 
  this is essentially because i think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future , and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self 's actions , it should n't be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment , especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them . 
  i do n't believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices are n't harming others . 
  i do n't have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever ( short of physically acting out necrophilia , pedophilia , or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but i do n't care what a person 's fantasies consist of , as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them ) . 
  i do n't have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to , or clothes they wear , etc. 
  i know that 's not really an impressive moral , but it 's unfortunately rare ; a great many people , especially those my age , are judgmental about these things . 
  i love everyone , even people i hate . 
  i wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness . 
  rick perry is a vile , piece of shit human being , deserving of zero respect , but i wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible . 
  i wish this for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty much a pacifist . 
  i 've taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution , because the guy stopped punching after that . 
  the only time i 'll fight back is if 1 ) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2 ) if i do n't attack , i 'll come out worse than the other person will if i do . 
  in other words , if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me , i do n't fight back . 
  i 've therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious , because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that i 'm never in a situation where i 'll be worse off after a fight . 
  if i 'm not going to get any hospitalizing injuries , i really do n't care . 
  the only exception is if someone is going after my life . 
  even then , i 'll do the minimum amount of harm to them that i possibly can in protecting myself .
