  how about you ? 
  do you have to declare any new commands for spelling mistakes ? 
  i sort of regret coming to east coast usa now . 
  who 's got the best/most recent download of homestuck ? 
  edit : i [ live in a fucking hurricane basin now . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:7_zones_dels_ciclons_tropicals.jpg ) holy shit do i wish i never came to live in the us . 
  if i ca n't last * one * winter here ... but seriously , where are your downloads ? 
  i have one but i can only view individual pictures or flashes , and not dialogue and narration . 
  this is a part of the premise of a fanfic i 'm writing ( currently at exactly 14,000 words , inflated slightly due to hammy things like `` end of chapter two and '' -- '' breaks '' ) , and , while i have lots of nebulous concepts about the idea , i 'm open to anything anyone says here . 
  it 's just cool to think about , too . 
  what * would * it be like ? 
  sburb is already twisted and grueling enough , but it has a lot of cutesy elements to it too -- the entire new album , * genesis frog * , is based on all those elements . 
  what if you took those away , and let caliborn/lord english fill in the gaps ? 
  would it even have the same objective ? 
  would there be some sort of shitty twist to it ? 
  edit : [ i drew a terrible diagram for my vision ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hnkt5.png ) ( this is a one-player game ; two players would be two such spirals , three players three spirals , etc. ), 
  this paper explores what a universe without the weak force would be like , in-depth . 
  it 's really interesting to think about , especially if you like writing science fiction !, 
  i heartily recommend it for reading in your spare time !, 
  at this point , it seems likely that caliborn 's planet is earth in the far future , when the sun is in a red giant stage , right ? 
  well , [ that 's completely impossible . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/future_of_the_earth#section_5 ) by that time , earth would be like venus , i.e. 
  hot enough for rock to melt . 
  there is literally no way that an organism like a cherub , with liquid blood and skin able to be pierced by teeth ( even assuming his teeth are metallic ) , could survive on that planet . 
  this gives us three equally likely scenarios :, 
  this is n't earth . 
  how did the meteor get there , though ? 
  i guess someone moved it . 
  ( that is , obviously , teleported it . ), 
  it does n't have to not be the sun , though ; it could be a planet that lies further out . 
  earth somehow got flung to a far outward orbit between 2525 and then . 
  not out of the question , given that jade 's about to arrive , who has the ability to do things exactly like that . 
  it 's earth and hussie does n't care about physics . 
  after all , he was also the one that put twelve regularly-spaced planets on the same orbit ( if the planets jiggle even a tiny bit then the configuration is unstable ) . 
  i 'm currently going with model 2 , because i 'm writing a fic that needs to have consistent physics . 
  but , damn . 
  ( also , caliborn 's planet did n't have a moon , but that could 've been explained away by any number of things , namely any excuse you can also use for model 2 . ), 
  so , imagine gravity has polarity . 
  like attracts like , opposites repel each other . 
  now imagine that the earth and the star antares ( without its companion ) are gravitationally attracted to each other , the earth orbiting it . 
  a normal , healthy gravitational relationship . 
  now imagine a concrete ( like the material ) , 1 km radius sphere with the opposing gravitational charge . 
  imagine it held to earth by a chain , 200 meters in length . 
  it faces the antares . 
  now , say , on that sphere , likewise facing antares , there 's a tiny , raised , concrete bunker . 
  inside that concrete bunker , there is a penguin . 
  or a small mammal . 
  or a human . 
  whatever . 
  now . 
  the distance that earth has to float from antares to maintain a chilly but habitable atmosphere can be expressed as a function of the amount of energy that photons carry . 
  this relationship , by itself , is malleable , and not relevant or interesting . 
  however . 
  i cut the chain that holds the sphere to the surface of earth , and let it shoot off to antares , beginning with an acceleration of nearly ten meters per second per second . 
  i need you to do the following :, 
  i need to be able to think of a duration of time that it will take for this sphere to get close enough to antares ( which repels the sphere , gravitationally ) so that the penguin or mammal or human or whatever gets baked alive , and be able to figure out the distance the earth has to be from antares for it to take that long , and the strength and proportionality to distance ( proportional to distance squared ? 
  proportional to distance to the 5/2 power ? 
  proportional to distance to the 4/3 power ? ), 
  that the electromagnetic force has to have to reconcile that time and the fact that the earth is in antares ' habitable zone . 
  so , essentially three functions of time . 
  that is , of course , really difficult , and i 'll reward anyone who answers it in any way i can . 
  i 'm not especially talented in any way , so you ca n't really commission a drawing or a program or music , but the very least i can do is grant you attention , in the form of / r/bestof and / r/homestuck ( the latter of which i will be posting what i am using this for to ) . 
  also i 'll love you forever . 
  no , seriously , i need some explaining done , because i 'm google-illiterate . 
  hi , i want to learn more about how anarchists justify anarchism . 
  i mean , it sounds bad when you put it like that , but all i really want is to hear some arguments !, 
  i personally think anarchism is a bad idea , because things requiring great effort and pooling of resources would never get done . 
  how do you provide everyone with water and electricity , and roads and welfare ( healthcare and pensions and such ) ? 
  how would products get to me from across great distances ? 
  how would science progress , with most universities being unable to support themselves ? 
  how could we agree on a single currency ? 
  i understand that anarchists generally envision people under anarchy as living in communal societies , right ? 
  but then how do you stop things like theft and violence ? 
  would everyone have to carry a gun ? 
  i 'd rather not live under the threat of getting shot , and instead advocate a peaceful and harmonious community . 
  the latter would n't arise directly from the threat of getting shot , either ; history has shown that tensions among groups tend mainly only to escalate , only letting up after a significant upheaval . 
  how would anarchistic society be better than that of today ? 
  i enjoy many , many benefits that the government has given me , and i 'm not very willing to give them up , as it does n't seem that it 'll reward me with anything but the assurance that there 's nothing greater out there to help . 
  i feel like the new albums do n't have enough tracks for lord english and the cherubs . 
  is there any fanmusic out there to fill this gap ? 
  i saw a bittune remix on here by ... someone . . a day or two ago . 
  assume the standard model , but with gravitationally positive and negative versions of each particle . 
  i know that 's a ridiculous question to ask , but do we have any model for what would happen ? 
  like , a parallel with electromagnetism or such ? 
  would it matter what the black holes are `` made of '' ? 
  i thought the only properties that black holes had are mass , charge , and angular momentum . 
  would they even be able to touch ? 
  i 've never asked outright . 
  i 've only ever relied on the vague , completely uninformative explanation of `` he did n't want his work to be associated with homestuck anymore '' . 
  the flashes were so much better with his music !, 
  '' [ s ] jade : play haunting bassline . 
  '' , '' [ s ] jade : dream up extra arms and play more advanced bass solo . 
  '' , '' [ s ] dave : strife !!!, 
  '' , these all used to have his excellent , techno-ish music . 
  ( i like the new midnight crew flash better . 
  sue me . ), 
  what made him leave ? 
  preferably problems easy to imagine happening physically . 
  like , i ca n't relate a sudoku ( terrible example ) to any physical puzzle , but if you give me a fractal labyrinth i can find my way out if you physically put me in one . 
  does the gamma function count ?
