  hell , it 's * hotter * than thermite . 
  you ca n't have organisms at that high a temperature . 
  the main limiting factor as temperature goes up is the lipid membrane : it gets more and more liquidy and less and less membraney as it gets hotter , because the lipid molecules move around more . 
  then there 's also the proteins to consider : proteins have to fold very , very precisely to work as advertised . 
  high temperatures may not shake it `` apart '' in the sense that the actual covalent bonds break , but it sure will flap around ( and hydrogen and van der waals bonds will break for serious , which is just as bad as a covalent bond breaking if not worse , and covalent disulfide bridges * will * break ) . 
  like trying to read a very slippery book on a very windy day , or trying to put a condom on on a rollercoaster , but much much worse . 
  however , at temperatures that are * this * high ? 
  your covalent bonds will come apart easily . 
  the temperature is also high enough to make most anything combust , but i do n't know whether there 's any oxygen for that to happen . 
  that felt forced . 
  the heaviest would be osmium , outside of compounds, 
  `` rains '', 
  no , reddit definitely knows better than you . 
  she left you because you did n't propose . 
  end of story . 
  there 's a whole blog of gifs of mris of fruits and things !, 
  i wish i could find it . 
  edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1pl30m/check_out_this_mri_of_a_banana_via_cory_doctorow/cd3fapd, 
  i read the title before the picture , and i figured you were talking about the books in general , and i thought , `` yep . '', 
  i 'm afraid that 's outside my area of expertise !, 
  you should try asking / r/chemistry . 
  i strongly suspect , though , that you can scarcely get anything more complex than water . 
  although , i wonder how long benzene lasts when heated in a vacuum . 
  it probably turns into methane or something . 
  edit : graphite and diamond have melting points of , respectively , 3500 k and 4200 k. 
  i understand , but there 's something to be said for your post getting twice as much karma as either of op 's posts , like it 's more probable or something . 
  heck , when i replied to op , he had 9 upvotes to 3 downvotes !, 
  i took that as op getting downvoted because people think he is foolish , which is silly . 
  essentially , you want to measure how long a peak is across , but you ca n't figure out what y-value to measure at , so you use half-maximum as the convention . 
  why , it 's [ * this * ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l6leyfl.png ) , of course . 
  that is excellent !, 
  although , carbon prefers single bonds to double or triple bonds . 
  - xenon is an anaesthetic and also a really efficient propellant for satellite probes, 
  - tungsten is the element with the highest melting point, 
  - osmium is the densest element, 
  graphite is not made of quadruple-bonded carbons . 
  the carbons are `` single bonded '' or `` double bonded '' but really have delocalized electrons ( hence the electrical conductivity i think ? 
  no worries !, 
  i figured you meant something like that . 
  in that sense though every carbon is quadruple-bonded . 
  it 's a triangular prism of carbons , with a hydrogen attached to each one . 
  it was one of the proposed structures for benzene before the monkey-circle one . 
  really , the reason it hurt your brain is because it 's a shitty drawing . 
  if they think `` arsenolite '' is a funny name , wait til they hear about every arsenic compound ever . 
  they mean outside the solar system . 
  we do n't really * have * to reach it . 
  it 's a lava planet : cool to study but all-in-all not worth a huge trip . 
  we 'd better look at the places that are likely to have life first . 
  ^ ^ like ^ ^ titan ^ ^ or ^ ^ something . 
  look at that . 
  i guess i should have drawn benzvalene instead , it 's at least more interesting . 
  at atmospheric pressure and room temperature , probably not . 
  with enough pressure , though , anything is possible . 
  however , compounds tend to break up into ionized atoms at that kind of pressure ( and , inevitably , temperature ) . 
  it 's like early earth in most ways , but it 's really freakin ' cold is what the problem is . 
  we 'd have an easy enough time terraforming it though . 
  yeah , i was following the well-established pattern !, 
  you can probably find fifty word-for-word copies of my comment elsewhere on reddit , and thousands upon thousands of variations besides . 
  not exactly , i usually do n't participate , just sometimes . 
  i just really took issue with the amount of votes / u/yeahmax had in comparison to op , so i decided that i may as well be the one to do that . 
  of course !, 
  cheers , 
  wow , is that one of the ice cream snickers ? 
  blame it on awsa, 
  it 's a metamorphosis . 
  and metalloproteins, 
  on the contrary , having only single bonds allows it to bond with many different atoms at once, 
  man , that would have been perfect !, 
   with a surface temperature up to 4700 c, 
  wikipedia says it 's between 2000 c and 2800 c. not too much difference between the two though i guess ( except for , well , you know , basically everything melting by that temperature ) . 
  i was thinking more that it made the lines the same thickness as the letters . 
  but theirs is silicate whereas ours is iron-rich . 
  i had no idea such a large cross-section existed !, 
  really , not nobles ? 
  for those of us who ca n't read tilesets , could you please provide a key ? 
  are those little mounds the iron spikes ? 
  i do n't know , the headlines must have been pretty condescending back when we first tried genetic engineering ( we wanted to try synthesizing insulin ) . 
  edit : i remember one sign that a protester had ; it read :, 
  `` we will create the perfect race '' - hitler, 
  a really angry engineer assaulted that protester after a few minutes . 
  japanese level : obvious, 
  i think he knows that.apng, 
  does the second derivative have a name ? 
  so bold, 
  see , this , * this * is why we 're afraid to publish negative results . 
  do n't forget it depends on shape and volume as well . 
  edit :, 
   for some set-up, 
  not necessarily literally your children . 
  maybe they want you to rebuild the human body out of strong covalent bonds instead of puny van der waals interactions , and make a race of immortal indestructible people ... at least , that 's my interpretation . 
  edit : jesus guys it was a joke, 
  edit : might have been too obscure ... it 's brazilian, 
  i thought that was politics ? 
  then how do you explain the gravitational lensing ? 
  and what about supersymmetry ? 
  they all increase too fast . 
  if you try two of them with different signs , the difference is still able to be represented as a linear combination of the same exponential with different powers ( all greater than or equal to one , if you pick the lowest base ) , and you 're surely not going to argue * that * can increase slower than an exponential ? 
  i 'd say that every puddle that will ever exist * is * contained in that photo , in that sense . 
  what about a story about an evil fan with sk as the protagonist ? 
  i think that 's the kind of thing berrypi is getting at here .
