  simply , one must cycle through two axes of layers : the z-layers , with < for up and  for down , and the w-layers , with { for ana , and } for kata . 
  each pointy bracket press sends you to another vertical layer in the pile , like a delicious stack of pancakes peeled apart pancake by pancake . 
  each curly bracket press sends you to a different three-dimensional plane entirely , like several stacks of pancakes lined up next to each other , with you choosing to move to a stack on the left or right . 
  there is , then , the matter of mechanics . 
  in three dimensions , you have a floor and ceiling , yes ? 
  you are usually attracted to the bottom layer , because there is a force pulling you downwards . 
  therefore , you place a floor underneath yourself , downwardly oriented to your center of being ( analogous to a `` tile '' in dwarf fortress : floors are in the bottom of the tile ) . 
  however , in four dimensions , it would be kind of stupid to be attracted to either end of the series for whatever reason , just because ... well , all stacks are made equal . 
  but the reason we can traverse in three-dimensional space at all is because of gravity : stairs . 
  it is therefore prudent to come up with such an attraction anyway , for the sake of practicality . 
  where are we to put this magical source of attraction , however ? 
  i say place it on your embark stack , in the center of the series ( it is going to be in the center of the series ) . 
  therefore , if you are ana of the home stack , you will be pulled kata , and need some sort of support directly kata of the tile that supports you . 
  if you are kata of the home stack , you are pulled ana , and need to have supports ana of where you are . 
  we do not need supports in both directions ; in stacks , only an ana pull or a kata pull exists , but not both . 
  think of these supports as simply tiles that allow your dwarves to go places , designated `` you can walk here '' zones . 
  we have walls , floors , ceilings ... what do we call these four-dimensional structures ? 
  let 's say , marquees . 
  these marquees are difficult to put onscreen : floors are already annoying to represent , as they get covered up when anything is placed on the tile , or even when a dwarf walks across it . 
  thus , the marquees must be viewed separately , by , say , pressing some button ( shift-m ? 
  ) , which will allow you to see where marquees exist or not , preferably in some blinking overlay of plus signs . 
  of course , you wo n't have to build a marquee for every tile : for example , underground , unless you are inside a cavern ( or there is a cavern ana/kata to you ) , you have solid rock in all directions . 
  once you hollow out a tile , a floor is created with it : why should n't a marquee also be created as well ? 
  however , generally , there 's just one rule for building marquees ( switch around ana and kata if you 're kata of the home stack ) : if the same tile in the next stack directly kata to you is not solid , then you need to build a marquee . 
  otherwise , you can just be supported by the tile as it is . 
  having magma directly ana/kata to you is great fun , i 'll bet ... 
  to actually have your dwarves traverse between the layers , you must build/carve marquee stairs , analogous to regular stairs that let you travel between z-levels . 
  on that note , you can also build marquee trapdoors , traps , et cetera ... there is no greater fun than watching your opponent splatter on a marquee six stacks kata to you . 
  now i have to clean up four-dimensional blood ! '', 
  or drop him into your magma chamber that 's completely walled off in that stack ... there is so much potential . 
  there is also the matter of what to actually put on the other stacks . 
  i have come up with three options :, 
  exactly the same thing . 
  boooooring . 
  something procedurally generated from your regular landscape , possibly with platforms getting vanishingly smaller as you venture into further and further stacks ... 
  the surrounding few tiles in the overworld , lined up in a [ space-filling curve ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/space-filling_curve ) sequence , with your home stack in the center . 
  this poses the most interest to me : what if you embark next to a haunted biome , or such ? 
  what if you are adjacent to a volcano ? 
  what if you are close to both a glacier and a forest ? 
  how about a glacier and a volcano ? 
  four-dimensional pump stacks operational ... 
  memory problems and such notwithstanding : i 'd play it . 
  thoughts ? 
  ** tl ; dr what if you could have multiple planes you could switch between in fortress mode like z-levels **, 
  [ you should probably read this first . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dwarffortress/comments/q2b8f/4dimensional_dwarf_fortress/ ), 
  for some time i have successfully grasped n-dimensional geometry now . 
  i am always looking to expand my view of worlds both real and imagined , and i one of the ways in which i seek to do this is visualizing any number of dimensions . 
  i can now successfully comprehend things like simple rotations of x-dimensional hyperplanes in a y-dimensional cross-sections of z-dimensional space , and similar operations on polytopes and such . 
  the spatial dimension that i understand the most , however , is the next one , the fourth . 
  i mentally feel as comfortable in it as in the third dimension , naturally processing the movement of objects in eight directions rather than our six ( up , down , left , right , forward , backward , or however you wish ) . 
  recently , i have been searching for a way to bring it into ours : some sort of way to view and interact with a four-dimensional world , so that we may grasp it fully in its beauty . 
  you probably do not like where this is going . 
  i believe the fourth dimension can be modded into minecraft . 
  you know how we have blocks ? 
  we break the three-dimensional world of minecraft down into blocks , for comfortable two-dimensional viewing on our two-dimensional computer screen . 
  we cycle through these blocks , viewing one block at a time because we can not view the whole thing in one pseudo-three-dimensional shot , except in a clumsy manner with things like mcedit which require abstract rotation to view the whole thing . 
  it 's much better for us to take our square slices , in complete certainty of the x and y and z position of everything we see . 
  this is practical in general for viewing the fourth dimension as well : take gradual , periodical , four-dimensional slices of the whole thing , each of which can be individually comprehended quite handily . 
  to look at different parts of it , just cycle through the slices in w-levels , like in minecraft but with four-dimensional blocks instead of three . 
  however , who is to say that these four-dimensional layers can not be broken down into three-dimensional slices like the ones for minecraft ? 
  no one . 
  simply , one must cycle through two axes of layers : the z-blocks , using your mouse , and the w-layers , using advanced telekinesis . 
  each thought sends you to another block in the pile , like a delicious hunk of cheese peeled apart cube by cube . 
  each telekinetic shudder sends you to a different three-dimensional plane entirely , like several hunks of cheese lined up next to each other , with you choosing to move to a stack on the left or right . 
  there is , then , the matter of mechanics . 
  in three dimensions , you have a floor and ceiling , yes ? 
  you are usually attracted to the bottom layer , because there is a force pulling you downwards . 
  therefore , you place a floor underneath yourself , downwardly oriented to your center of being ( analogous to a `` block '' in minecraft : floors are in the bottom of the tile ) . 
  however , in four dimensions , it would be kind of stupid to be attracted to either end of the series for whatever reason , just because ... well , all stacks are made equal . 
  but the reason we can traverse in three-dimensional space at all is because of gravity : stiars . 
  it is therefore prudent to come up with such an attraction anyway , for the sake of practicality . 
  where are we to put this magical source of attraction , however ? 
  i say place it on your spawn plane , in the center of the series ( it is going to be in the center of the series ) . 
  therefore , if you are ana of the home plane , you will be pulled kata , and need some sort of support directly kata of the tile that supports you . 
  if you are kata of the home plane , you are pulled ana , and need to have supports ana of where you are . 
  we do not need supports in both directions ; in planes , only an ana pull or a kata pull exists , but not both . 
  think of these supports as simply tiles that allow your creeper to go places , designated `` you can walk here '' zones . 
  we have walls , floors , ceilings ... what do we call these four-dimensional structures ? 
  let 's say , niggers . 
  these niggers are difficult to put onscreen : floors are already annoying to represent , as they get covered up when anything is placed on the tile , or even when a creeper walks across it . 
  thus , the niggers must be viewed separately , by , say , pressing some button ( shift-m ? 
  ) , which will allow you to see where niggers exist or not , preferably in some blinking overlay of pitch black . 
  of course , you wo n't have to build a nigger for every tile : for example , underground , unless you are inside a cavern ( or there is a cavern ana/kata to you ) , you have solid rock in all directions . 
  once you hollow out a tile , a floor is created with it : why should n't a nigger also be created as well ? 
  however , generally , there 's just one rule for building niggers ( switch around ana and kata if you 're kata of the home plane ) : if the same tile in the next stack directly kata to you is not solid , then you need to build a nigger . 
  otherwise , you can just be supported by the tile as it is . 
  having magma directly ana/kata to you is great fun , i 'll bet ... 
  to actually have your creepers traverse between the layers , you must build/carve nigger stairs , analogous to regular stairs that let you travel between z-levels . 
  on that note , you can also build nigger trapdoors , traps , et cetera ... there is no greater fun than watching your opponent splatter on a nigger six stacks kata to you . 
  now i have to clean up four-dimensional blood ! '', 
  or drop him into your magma chamber that 's completely walled off in that plane ... there is so much potential . 
  there is also the matter of what to actually put on the other planes . 
  i have come up with three options :, 
  exactly the same thing . 
  boooooring . 
  something procedurally generated from your regular landscape , possibly with platforms getting vanishingly smaller as you venture into further and further stacks ... 
  notch . 
  frankly this is my favorite idea . 
  memory problems and such notwithstanding : i 'd play it .
