  as a hungarian , it was at the 1920 treaty of trianon, 
  ( i love how the thumbnail does n't give away the punchline . ), 
  no , that 's okay !, 
  i do n't know how the rest of the community is going to react , though . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  he 's just drawing himself cosplaying as a cosplayer cosplaying as a cosplay . 
  it 's that simple . 
  why is n't gabe newell 's face shitty jpegified ? 
  you can download it off of almostnever 's comp ( mine , too , if i turn it on in the meantime ) , and it goes right up to the conversation dirk had with uu that ended in that picture of dark skaia . 
  lem me go find the torrent file , unless almostnever is faster than me ... 
  edit : https://www.dropbox.com/s/9xdb4n11f9hjqw7/homestuck.torrent, 
  you do n't have to have the cobweb . 
  do n't use httrack . 
  use wget . 
  psst - you posted this comment twice !, 
  delete the other one !, 
  i laughed at this way harder than the [ fifty shades ] ( / uu ) [ of grey ] ( / uu ) joke . 
  * or * it was support 's fault . 
  more, 
  i do n't know , i actually feel lazier simply using a shovel than going to the effort to place torches , which have to be timed right and everything . 
  i ca n't find a logical reason for finding it harder to do , but that 's just how i feel . 
  or branch . 
  unless ... nah , you 're right . 
  i 'm not the guy who deleted his comments . 
  i 'm new . 
  i thought i looked reasonably different enough . 
  i was n't implying that you were contradicting me . 
  ( also , * i * 'd appreciate it if you did n't refer to the opposing argument as `` stupidity '' !, 
  come on , you 're better than that . ), 
  [ you were calling * me * stupid . 
  also , i have no intention of arguing with you either . 
  as a reader of [ homestuck ] ( http://mspaintadventures.com ) ( which is n't itself a game , but a story about a very dangerous game that is failed in the most spectacularly heart-wrenching fashion ) , i must say that it 's quite alright to have a game end in failure . 
  in fact , sometimes this makes things all the more interesting if the game can somehow be played past the point of having failed it . 
  this elicits an all the more strong emotional reaction when the last hope of the gamer is destroyed , even after spending so much time almost salvaging the situation . 
  actually this is a great idea and i do n't know why no one 's made any significant money off of it yet . 
  brb , planning . 
  agreed . 
  also , that 's no coif, 
  edit : wait , we 're the dumb ones here . 
  that 's a maid outfit , not a knight outfit . 
  \\* facepalm *, 
   where the game just sort of persists in a post-failure state, 
  this one . 
   makes me wonder what the incentive would be to keep playing at that point . 
  well , it 's the sort of game that , once you start playing , there 's no obvious way to stop . 
  ( one group of players figured it out -- it 's dying . ), 
  but in this case , they believe that they could still win . 
  but they sure have to go to a lot of trouble to do that . 
   good job using modern tech instead of flash . 
  good lord , who would ever make a computer game using flash ? 
  ( except those suckers at newgrounds ! ), 
  would you please explain why the * lorica segmentata * is a high-protection armor ? 
  it seems quite paper-thin . 
  mobile , but easily penetrable . 
  i always imagined that the * lorica squamata * ( you did n't talk about this one , but i 'm not exactly complaining ) would be much sturdier , but more expensive to get forged . 
  and in terms of protection , how do both of these compare to the * lorica hamata * ? 
  they fix each others ' flaws !, 
  you 're looking for [ this place ] ( / r/minecraftcirclejerk ) . 
  alpha kids ? 
  lol no beta kids rule . 
  but if i had to chose , i 'd go with the trolls . 
   the colored lighting, 
  what colored lighting ? 
  i must have this . 
  it 's because there are two different definitions of `` useless '' at work here : useless to the coder and useless to the end-user . 
  youtube . 
  highest quality videos are made by muobman , and the most obscure ones are documented by fromhungarywithlove ( with inferior quality ) . 
  you 'll have to put together a playlist . 
  meatsticks . 
  `` neigh . '', 
  may i recommend the cartoon introduction to economics , pts . 
  1 and 2 . 
  they 're a really good crash course , especially if you hae hazy prior knowledge . 
  come on , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either anti-muslim is circlejerking , or pro-muslim is . 
  unless the pro-muslim thing is excessive here , which it certainly is n't . 
  if the government ( as in , the people running it ) says that `` the government does n't work '' , and they mean that the people running it are bad at running it , then i 'd laugh and say that they are good people for admitting that they 're bad at running the government . 
  but that 's not what is meant here . 
  they 're saying ( who 's saying , by the way ? 
  romney is a single republican . 
  come on , provide me with some sources ) that the * legislature * is so inhibitive that it prevents them from getting shit done fast . 
  and it is !, 
  look at how much shit the government is failing to get done . 
  it 's almost like the government * does n't work * -- has ground to a halt . 
  it 's not as big a problem as it has historically been ( ancient athens had an impossibly slow government ; i swear , it was n't that the laws had been revised by the time that they were enacted , but that half the people who had to agree on them had died and been replaced with people who it sounded like a better idea to ) . 
  but it 's still * the * problem , and that 's what they 're acknowledging . 
  by the way , how does this point relate to the title ? 
  is this just a generic `` i hate republicans '' post ? 
  what 's it to you ? 
  i 'm not sure what the speed is , but it 's not iterations per second . 
  seemed to take about 60 for me . 
  ( by the way , why are we dividing by 2 ? ), 
  shit . 
   also , there are 120 permutations , so by random sampling you 'd expect it to find the right one after trying half , yes ? 
  right , okay . 
   i had to leave it running for a sizeable part of a minute at full speed before it found a solution . 
  it was definitely doing a lot of iterations . 
  that 's unusual . 
  it does 5 for me in a matter of seconds . 
  what version of javascript do you have ?
