`` because you have to use up a piece of paper to photocopy something . '', 
  did she really not get that ? 
  anything below one is referred to in the plural . 
  so , a day is ( 0.002 ) years . 
  well , popular history anyway . 
  that is so not what it was about, 
  wait , i do n't get what the problem is here . 
  stalin terrible = communist fears , purge etc. 
  hitler slightly less terrible = nazi teachers , nazis free to roam about, 
  you could bribe him . 
  i sympathize , i never really have opportunities to play video games , and flat-out never to buy them . 
  but , man , reddit is full of awesome people ... :d, 
  i love philanthropists . 
  and this is why he 's losing the gop vote . 
  the advertiser is actually doing a pretty good job . 
  he first sets out the premise that a dimple in one 's tie is desirable , and then the premise that it is nigh-impossible to attain without the product . 
  this makes the product desirable by proxy . 
  way to go , you 've sold us a useless little clip with purely expositional skill !, 
  honestly though i think the undimpled one looks better . 
  you said `` years '' . 
  so , that could very well mean that it has only been a couple of hours since you 've lost . 
  `` if you have two of these glasses , you 'll have an infinite supply . '', 
  i love how the title is such an involved analogy for the gop race . 
  it ca n't be anything but 100 % accurate . 
  and he got grounded for a month ? 
  hah , win . 
  you pretty much hit the nail on the head . 
  although , if you actually look at it , not even jquery is that big , although admittedly it 's dense . 
  point is , no javascript library is too small . 
  i 'm sure his original intention was to get mousetraps . 
  huh . 
  you 'd think that if a bull suffered a sudden death , then their sperm would become less valuable , as it could be a genetic defect . 
  haha , oh man , that was a great movie . 
  i think they went a bit overboard , but it was still cool to watch in general . 
  remember how the second movement of 7 was in the king 's speech ? 
  he plays rather well . 
  he might have picked too much of a repetitive piece , but his talent shines through all the same . 
  may i ask , what kind of piano is that ? 
  i just do n't . 
  nowadays in the digital age , it is often more prudent to just buy the track anyway , but i find that i still like going to concerts ( once i went to hear saint-sa\u00ebns ' third symphony plus a requiem by another dude and the enigma theme , best concert of my life ) . 
  partially , though , the reason that i do n't keep track is because there are a few gray areas as to what i should count . 
  i 've attended many rehearsals , some for recording and some for practicing before the concert . 
  and does a concert still count if i play in it ? 
  this seems like an improvement to my current musical typing method . 
  i 'd kill for one . 
  ( i use a trial of sibelius 6 , or export garageband midis as score ), 
  you hold your bow in a very interesting manner , is that how all bassists hold their bows ? 
  huh . 
  that 's very interesting !, 
  i 've never heard of that sort of thing . 
  you nearly doubled my blinking rate , but my level of open is fine thanks . 
  i wonder if i could make an emulator use one of my real snes controllers ... 
  awww yeeeah ... this is going to be excellent, 
  love it , must have download . 
  our geneticists and epigeneticists are working on it day and night . 
  soon , everybody will be able to have an ass like that !, 
  whoa, 
  my kid is going to have one of these . 
  tl ; dr scientific racism and the vicious cycle of societal castigation, 
  this is so full of win , needs to have its own link . 
  he 's saying that computers are keyed towards white and chinese people so that they understand them better . 
  uhh, 
  dick immunodeficiency virus, 
  dick stroke, 
  dick concussion, 
  repetitive dick injury, 
  carpal dick, 
  agreed, 
  no words, 
  did you read the list ? 
  well to be fair newton 's law of universal gravitation is negligible at that point , just do n't let me catch them saying that there 's no gravity on other stellar bodies, 
  okay , i 'll believe you , but it 's still scientific racism ; also , i never said it was untrue, 
  a particular collection of facts can be racist based on what facts it contains . 
  unfortunately for my points your facts are aggregates rather than particulars , but my proposition still stands . 
  ever been to a ut99 lan party ? 
  hell yes . 
  the question is , who does it make look bad ? 
  i 'm up voting this so that everyone sees . 
  i would totally buy this . 
  i 'm a bit sad i did n't get to this idea first , but who cares . 
  totally supporting you guys -- i 'd love to see this a reality !, 
  this is a good idea . 
  talk to them . 
  but in the eyes of the law they are the same . 
  except not ; they 'd argue that this law takes precedence over that corporations are people , therefore you 're still breaking it . 
  huh . 
  good work . 
  i agree ; not wanting to do it for the money does n't make it unprofitable . 
  upvote this so that people can see . 
  although , it would totally get banned from the app store in a heartbeat . 
  just tax the hell out of it and pour the money into the gdp . 
   despite the best lack of effort of its corporate leaders . 
  ftfy, 
  as far as i know , apple supports sopa ( view bug screenshot ) . 
  well , biologically we are pretty much the same . 
  it 's just the poor economic and sociological climate that whites subject blacks to that produces these results . 
  so what i 'm saying is , really it 's the whites who should feel bad about these statistics , not the blacks . 
  yeah , i know . 
  :d i just thought that it 's mostly because of their resistance to change that this is happening , not because they 're actively maliciously seeking to destroy life as we imagine it . 
  well , apple supports sopa , so i do n't think they 'd be too happy about it .
