  if a single adjective is modifying the word , then only the first syllable of the adjective is stressed , and the rest of the word ( along with a pluralizing suffix , should any exist ) , is unstressed . 
  the same is true for postpositions and their objects . 
  tone : high for several syllables , and then falls slowly . 
  questions begin falling immediately and rapidly , and end on a syllable of a same pitch as the first . 
  imperative sentences stay mid-level throughout . 
  verbs : conjugation is very similar to english . 
  there are three stems , the present stem , past stem , and future stem . 
  weak verbs follow the pattern '' \\* , \\* k , \\* nj ` h '' . 
  strong verbs tend to instead change their central vowels and/or reduplicate if they are a single syllable , or add different archaic endings onto their stems instead of the regular ones ( '' * f '' or '' * hh '' for past , `` sk '' , `` tht '' , or `` q '' for future ) . 
  verbs only conjugate for person in the second person plural ( hahahaha take that anglophones ) , adding '' \u00f6\u0161 '' onto the end of the present stem , '' \u00f6\u015b '' onto the end of the past stem , and '' \u00f3\u0161 '' onto the end of the future stem ( sounding more like `` a\u0161 '' ) . 
  there are only two moods , the indicative and the interrogative . 
  the interrogative is indicated by the verb suffix '' - a '' ( hyphen included ) , after all other suffixes . 
  there are two aspects , the simple and the imperfect ; the imperfect is indicated by adding '' - ud '' onto the end of the word ( hyphen not included ) , before all other suffixes . 
  all vowels elide before it , except `` y '' and '' \u00ff '' , which are accompanied by hamza & lt ; '  . 
  the future is never found in the imperfect , even though it could be . 
  the present infinitive is done with the suffix '' - o '' , the future infinitive with '' - \u00f6 '' , and the past infinitive with '' - \u00f3 '' ( all with hyphen included ) on the present stem . 
  the passive voice is periphrastic , and all other voices you can think of have a special word to use as a subject or an object instead . 
  participles are just the stem of whatever tense they refer to . 
  there are a few auxiliary verbs , like hortative `` tadik '' , conditional `` kacik '' , and permissive '' \u0161istik '' , which go before the verb they modify . 
  it is the main verb itself that conjugates , though . 
  nouns : these are tripartite , despite everything . 
  they have no other cases than those that show morphosyntactic alignment . 
  some verbs ( considered irregular ) exhibit split-ergativity , and use ergative-absolutive alignment in the past tense . 
  they do not decline for number , but they do decline for definiteness in the singular :, 
  indefinite :, 
  abs : \u00d8, 
  acc : in, 
  definite :, 
  acc : ox, 
  these endings behave with the same elision as the imperfect ending , except for `` y '' and `` u '' . 
  there are two plural enclitic suffixes , indefinite '' - o '' and definite '' - a '' ( hyphens included ) . 
  the endings revert to indefinite upon the addition of the definite plural suffix . 
  adjectives : must be directly before the nouns they modify . 
  do not agree or decline with anything . 
  adverbs : same deal . 
  if there is a auxiliary verb , it may go before either it or its accompanying verb . 
  conjunctions : always correlative , and and always go before respective clauses . 
  the only exception is '' \u00f6 '' , the conjunctive conjunction ( translating to `` and '' ) . 
  postpositions : always go directly after their object . 
  always take the ergative case . 
  edit : always escape your asterisks , kids . 
  no problem !, 
  heh , i never intended for it to actually be released as a mod anyway ... it 's obviously quite impossible . 
  it 'd be cool to see this actually work . 
  the force is your mother, 
  * takes sign of the cross *, 
  i support this . 
  too strong ? 
  too strong . 
  it 's funnier if the statement is so completely different as the one he has right now . 
  more bathos that way . 
  no such thing and it 's funny applied to miencarft, 
  ~ ~ yes you have figure out the puzzle ~ ~, 
  wait , wrong subreddit . 
  well , the fourth dimension does n't represent anything but the fourth dimension . 
  it just so happens that this particular model of the fourth dimension works that way . 
  ... 2 slides ? 
  definitely worth my time . 
  mad as in insane or mad as in angry ? 
  i am neither . 
  it menaces with spikes of unvoiced plosives, 
  that 's my mind = blown face actually, 
  ( i was right . 
  you can have it if you want next time i 'm at a computer , but i got over 500 rejected before i gave up ... ), 
  yes . 
  yes they would . 
  in soviet mountainhome ... ? 
  that 's not even string theory . 
  it 's way stupider than that . 
  dial up evil as far as it goes . 
  i started with the fourth dimension , and conceived different scenarios and attempted to figure out the cross-section model for them ( visualizing the cross-sections as a timelapse scrolling along the w axis ) , drawing analogies to interactions between the third and second dimensions ( intersections and such ) . 
  once i was able to visualize any scenario of any set of figures up to three dimensions , i moved on to regular four-dimensional figures like tesseracts and higher-cell polychora , attempting to conceive of them as a whole . 
  rotations stumped me for a while , but i eventually figured them out ( if you stare at it for long enough ... ) . 
  i then tried irregular 4d figures , which were kind of a piece of cake , though it still took a while to figure out how a projection of them would look when rotated four-dimensionally , but i got there . 
  after that i tried intersections between those figures and three-or-less-than figures , again relying on lower-dimensional models for comparison . 
  having mastered that , i tried 4d-4d intersections , which went amazingly quickly . 
  i then repeated this whole thing , kinda condensed , for five and six dimensions successively . 
  by this time the fourth dimension was peanuts , and i was really good at thinking natively in 4d . 
  then i generalized everything for n dimensions , solving several x and y dimension problems one after another . 
  and ... basically i 'm here now . 
  if you took his class , you should have gotten a good grade just for showing up . 
  :p but honestly i do n't know too much about his work in depth . 
  i correct the english in his recommendations a lot , and occasionally get asked to devise combinatorics problems for his lower-level classes . 
  but i 'm far from understanding the particulars of quantum computation . 
  heck , i do n't even know what probabilistically checkable proofs are , really , and he won a g\u00f6del for that . 
  if you 're just generating a language description , then you do n't even need gf . 
  but i agree that it 's best for if you actually want to generate ingame text ... 
  oh , and my interest in linguistics is purely a hobby . 
  i 'd never dream of taking the field seriously . 
  sorta !, 
  but that 's how an actual 4d world would work anyway , but wi the 4d civilization and architecture and landscape and environment etc etc etc. . . 
  same thing . 
  so far ? 
  i learn . 
  i am pursuing biomedical engineering , but i have opportunities in law as well . 
  static , like up/down . 
  eidt : excpet upsdown is relative bammit . 
  not . 
  reading . 
  a word of that .
