  what i did n't really see anybody talk about is that we have not one but two new sludge belcher-like mechanics now . 
  spikeridged steed , surprisingly , works well as one , and stonehill defender fills in as another , much more flexible one . 
  it 's really nice to have that sort of thing back in the meta ; it does a lot to frustrate non-burn face decks . 
  i also did n't hear anybody call murloc midrange paladin becoming a tier 1 deck , but you generally do n't expect specific decks anyway ( although before msog , everybody totally called the meta beforehand ) . 
  i 'm still waiting for the hunter quest and spiritsinger umbra to suddenly become op ; they 're so close to it , all you need is one or two synergy cards . 
  well , you could theoretically get a creole , whose explicit purpose is to be mutually intelligible both ways , but that 's a new language altogether . 
  as far as specifically semitic and ie creoles go , one may speculate that the [ judeo-romance languages , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judaeo-romance_languages ) which themselves are probably ancestral to yiddish , have origins in hebrew/romance creoles , but someone who has a better grasp of the development of jewish languages and the criteria necessary for a language to be considered a creole can comment more accurately on this . 
  / r/overwatch ? 
  kinda , although last i remember , they had this stupid one-line box you had to type the whole command into . 
  and afaik they take a version of minecraft console commands , so if you want to accomplish anything complicated , it probably takes unnecessary amounts of work to do it . 
  i think it may have been done to circumvent adblockers . 
  i know mine is having trouble keeping up . 
  dude , we 're pretty buried so probably barely anybody will read this , but i 've been looking for an excuse to rant about / r/wholesomememes for a while , so here goes . 
  it 's hard to judge whether any of the posts on there are fake ; most of them have probably got good intentions . 
  what i really dislike about that place though is how they 've turned positivity into a brand . 
  you ca n't really make a very positive comment or post on reddit nowadays without someone calling it `` wholesome '' or linking to that subreddit . 
  that 's not a terrible thing in a vacuum , but then whatever you just posted is now associated with some kind of brand , specifically * their * brand . 
  and that * is * terrible , because brands have their own public image separate from whatever you posted ( and the `` wholesome '' brand is disliked by a large minority of redditors nowadays ) , and they can go out of style . 
  the rise of that subreddit has totally changed the way a lot of people on reddit think about positivity , in a direction that cheapens it a lot . 
  aside from that , a lot of their discourse does feel forced , and i 've seen some of their posts make the front page that do n't even really work for their message , such as memes where one character experiences good fortune at another one 's expense . 
  i do n't think their posts feeling unnatural or fake is entirely their fault , however ; the stuff they write just tends to stick out against the rest of reddit , where users maintain a sort of quiet distrust and caution towards one another . 
  if `` this guy does n't like or care about me '' were n't so strongly the base assumption for interacting with someone through reddit , then / r/wholesomememes would stick out a lot less , and people would be more liable to believe their goodwill whenever they wish good things on other redditors . 
  there 's a lot to be said , though , for adapting to the social climate to not look like you 're faking or forcing your positivity , and they have n't done that , which is why a bunch of people dislike them now . 
  it 's hard to talk shit about / r/wholesomememes because , again , most of them probably mean well , and their message is by far one of the better ( best ? ), 
  ones to come out of reddit , but i 'm afraid that their influence has hurt reddit 's attitude toward kindness and positivity in the long run . 
  they 've created a brand identity for positivity , and then run it into the ground pretty hard by being unable to sell it . 
  the hope lies in the fact that their reputation is far from unsalvageable , and the fact that in the longer long run , the whole meme will eventually become obscure and obsolete , and positivity will inevitably be its own thing again . 
  edit : about salvaging their reputation : they 'd specifically need to find a way to make most visitors feel genuinely welcome and cared about , rather than fakely so . 
  although i believe they are mostly being genuine , whenever they say stuff , after listening to it people tend to hear `` i really want you to think i 'm a nice person ! '', 
  rather than `` i would really like good things to happen to you ! '', 
  i 'm not sure if this can be done without engaging people on a personal level or using a way to convey their attitude that is harder to distrust ( irl this can be done pretty easily using facial expressions , tone of voice , and having an approachable personality when you 're talking to people ; unfortunately none of these carry over to the web ) , but if they figure out how to do that , then they will have achieved something very great for the internet . 
  i personally believe they 'd come off as a lot more genuine if they made a lot more meta/self-aware memes , which would define them as a community and put them on a path of recognition as a group of people connected by entertaining content that they all enjoy , similar to many other subreddits whose status as a real community is obvious to everyone ( such as any subreddit about a tv show or other work ) . 
  edit 2 : also i 'm really sorry if this comes across as rambling or poorly written . 
  it 's really late at night/early in the morning and i should definitely not be up still . 
  best wishes to / r/wholesomememes and i hope y' all 's reputation improves . 
  the attitude y' all represent should be more widespread on reddit , but also it should be represented better ( more wholesomely ? ), 
  than it 's being represented right now . 
  well , any negativity towards / r/wholesomememes ( or anyone ) is by definition `` unwholesome '' , unfortunately , even criticism, 
  it sure is , but whenever / r/wholesomememes leaks , it tends to be in the form of labeling something `` wholesome '' or `` unwholesome '' , rather than improving tone reddit-wide . 
  this does n't do much good , and might even discourage people from making positive comments , if they do n't like the `` wholesome '' label . 
  ( although of course the subreddit 's impact on the tone of discourse in other subreddits is next to impossible to measure , because it 's influenced by a lot of other factors as well , such as the continuing political strife in the us . 
  i think one positive real change that came about as a result of that subreddit existing is that \\ / r/bpt now has `` wholesome \u2122 [ sic ] '' posts congratulating specific people on their achievements in life , which i do n't think was common or even on anyone 's radar before / r/wholesomememes showed up . 
  the labeling is by far the most visible and obvious practice that has leaked out of the subreddit , though . ), 
  if it 's like hungry crab , then yes . 
  yeah same , it 's not a bad concept as a doctrine , but they have n't managed to turn it into a real community , i guess because having to use a positive tone all the time stifles most conversation . 
  it persists , though , because you can post encouraging stuff as links . 
  iirc back when it came out , people figured it was really slow , and did n't support quest paladin well ( which everyone assumed would be the only way for paladin to be viable ) . 
  but maybe i 'm misremembering . 
   whoever decided keeper of uldaman should be a common card definitely never played any arena , screw him . 
  blizzard not giving any fuck about arena balance really remind me about wow arena balance where it was obvious you were considered a second zone citizen compared to pve or even battlegrounds , even though they kept saying it was n't the case . 
  only a few changes would help , but they still do n't even want to bother . 
  well i do n't care , i play mainly constructed now , but still , blizzard never changes . 
  i 'm sure this copypasta has been adapted for follow the rules before . 
  it is . 
  from wikipedia 's [ `` origins '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yiddish#origins ) section on yiddish :, 
   the established view is that , as with other jewish languages , jews speaking distinct languages learned new co-territorial vernaculars , which they then judaized . 
  in the case of yiddish , this scenario sees it as emerging when speakers of judeo-french and judeo-romance languages began to acquire varieties of middle high german , and from these groups the ashkenazi community took shape . 
  [ 10 ] [ 11 ] exactly what german base lies behind the earliest form of yiddish is disputed . 
  it does go on for several more paragraphs about alternative theories , though . 
  well , you do n't have to put in the effort to detect adblockers if you leave your anti-adblocker feature running all the time . 
  but it 's just a conjecture ; hanlon 's razor is a thing , after all . 
  [ maybe a little smaller ] ( https://images.vice.com/motherboard/content-images/article/no-id/1422307165977812.jpg ), 
  why do we even have / r/hearthstonecirclejerk ? 
  from pre-brm stuff you do n't really need anything beyond a few commons and rares , but more and more players are going to start playing who do n't have brm or loe , and that 's devastating in the long run . 
  multiple legendaries from loe see play in wild . 
  the '' \u2122 '' means multiply by 1.5, 
  shoot the pepper maybe ? 
  like into your blood ? 
  no i got that i mean as a third alternative, 
  yeah , that 's actually one of the nicest brutalist buildings i 've ever seen, 
  by conjugation , they mean that `` da3is '' is a verbal noun ( really a substantive of the active participle ) derived from the verb '' \u062f\u0639\u0633 '' , `` da3asa '' , meaning `` to tread '' . 
  writing `` conjugation '' when one means `` inflection '' or `` declension '' is already a very forgivable mistake , but considering that the form in question is literally a form of a verb , writing `` conjugation '' is completely justified . 
  well , depending on the time period we 're talking about , they may have believed many things that we 'd consider very silly nowadays . 
  the point of saying `` the problem is n't muslim radicals , it 's radicals in general '' is to recognize a sort of pattern where people commit violence for a number of complicated reasons and then say they are doing it because of religion , which then leads other people to figure that the religion is the problem , and then be hostile towards it ( and adherents of it ) . 
  the uselessness of that pattern is compounded when the religion is large and diverse . 
  also, 
  - integration by wolfram mathematica, 
  for when w | a does n't cut it, 
  thanks dude , ` preciate it . 
  the inside does n't look necessarily habitable/inhabited . 
  looks more like service stuff . 
  but it 's mostly the same guy is n't it ? 
  can not tell where this falls on sliding scale of `` bullshit for superstitious people '' to `` psychological trick with fringe acceptance and questionable value '' to `` tongue-in-cheek parody '', 
  looks like californian english is diverging ... 
  you never know !, 
  i left him there the first time i was at deepnest ( being low on health , intimidated by his earlier threat , and figuring that he 's probably got things handled ) , completed basically the whole game up to right before the white palace , came back , and he was still there !, 
  it was very confusing , considering that the internet told me he should have been dead long ago . 
  who knows what the trigger is for him dying . 
  ( this was on linux , which is slightly screwy with achievements , so maybe that has something to do with it ? ), 
  favorite in general : quickslash . 
  nothing special about it , but the unmodified nail cooldown always felt too slow to me . 
  favorite situationally : hiveblood . 
  besides being * the * platforming charm , it also enables attrition-style tackling of boss battles , where you occasionally take a hit in exchange for dishing a hit , heal up someplace safe , and repeat until you grind the boss to death . 
  this is how i beat failed champion and soul tyrant . 
  combined with grubsong , it even allows you to infinitely regen soul from single-damage sources , if you can reliably wait to heal ; one notable application is the soul tyrant fight , where when it dives to the lower level , you can stay indefinitely at the top level and regen all of your health and soul using the spikes on top of the door . 
  load up on soul right before the boss , and spam abyss shrieks into its face nonstop . 
  combined with one or more helpful charms ( spell twister , stalwart shell , shaman stone ) you should be able to damage race it to victory . 
  ( i realize you 've probably beaten it by now , but just in case anybody discovers this thread , they should know this is a viable strategy . 
  it works better the more health you have , though . ), 
   wotg,
