  ( of course , you can still [ try regexing . 
  ] ( http://emailregex.com/ ) maybe not in perl though . ), 
  edit : am dumb , comic is about someone 's postal address , not email address . 
  been reading this comic wrong for years . 
  edit 2 : yes , i know they 're trying to search for an address , not validate it . 
  you 're right , that 's different . 
  sorry , i 'm really tired . 
  tl ; dr there 's a lot of ridiculous nuances to email addresses . 
  did you know they can contain * comments ? 
  you 're right . 
  seen the comic a lot of times but it 's gone over my head until now . 
  that 's true . 
  it 's just that whenever i look at this comic , i 'm reminded of the perils of trying to process email addresses with regex . 
  ( mainly because i never noticed it was about a postal address until now . ), 
  but when we use the phrase '' [ units ] of something '' , we 're implying that it 's at least two units , if not more . 
  it 's not meant to refer to any number you 'd use the plural for ( which is basically all of them , so it would n't be very useful if it did ) . 
  ( tangent : would you use plural for -1 ? 
  i 'd use singular . 
  `` our profit is exactly minus one dollar . '' ), 
  in hungary ( and the surrounding countries ) , the trashest wifi plan you can get is upc wi-free , which only allows up to 3 devices to be connected to a network at a time . 
  when i 'm staying with friends or family there , sometimes i need to actually kick someone off in order to be able to work . 
  lol , kitchen nmr , good one . 
  for when you really need to figure out what kind of oil you have . 
  why do n't you just read the wiki ??? 
  lot of good it does smitty though, 
  does arch come with zshell now ? 
  i vaguely remember having to install it manually over bash, 
  in all seriousness , presumably you 'd know beforehand what package manager centos uses and how to use it . 
  ( if you 're installing centos core/minimal , it 's really unlikely that it 's your first centos install . 
  or at least that you have n't done your research beforehand . ), 
  i wonder if you could influence the war meaningfully by selectively permitting only certain countries . 
  oh that 's right , i forgot that that was added . 
  shame . 
  aggro . 
  this is similar to a mill deck . 
  there 's several though , and you do n't actually need that many tunneling cards for your minions to be effective . 
  that card that puts weasels into your opponent 's hand is alone enough to ensure that there 's enough weasels to go around ( unless you 're playing against handlock , good luck then ) . 
  i like the flavor of the stats , but it 's unfortunately pretty overstatted for its cost . 
  compare blade of c'thun , a 9 mana 4/4 with nearly the same effect . 
  ( granted , this ca n't ignore divine shield like boc can , but that 's not worth +2 / +2 . ), 
  the only reason it 's run , sure , but that 's because it 's a little bad , not because the c'thun buff is balanced . 
  if a property of a card does n't take effect until many turns after the card is played , it is worth extremely little in terms of mana cost . 
  practically all of the cost of the card is in what it does to the board the turn you play it , and `` remove an arbitrary minion and play a 6/6 '' is worth more than 9 mana . 
  firelands portal , one of the best cards in the game , only removes ~ 74 % of minions in hearthstone ( and perhaps less of the minions you 'd find in the average constructed deck , although there * are * a lot of aggro decks right now so i dunno ) , and summons about 5/5 's worth of stats . 
  2 more mana for the ability to remove basically anything , and also +1 / +1 , is at least as strong as firelands portal is , and that card is broken . 
  ( compare also playing blastcrystal potion and a vanilla 5 mana 6/6 . 
  it 's a two-card combo , one of the cards being a class card and the other being slightly overstatted , and it 's got nearly no drawback , since you 're presumably playing it on turn 9 or later . 
  there really should n't be a single card that 's equivalent to that , a neutral card no less . ), 
  probably battlecry , seeing as though it 's worded the same as anodized robo cub and the like , which do n't specify `` battlecry '' yet have a battlecry effect . 
  i seek out and destroy any knowledge of how to treat certain diseases . 
  yeah , it 's almost a strictly worse equality . 
  ( which is n't to say that that 's a bad thing . 
  i really like this card . 
  it 's well-balanced , and has obvious synergies . ), 
  i mean , that would work even if the earth were flat . 
  edit : the sun shining down one well , i mean . 
  the basis of eratosthenes 's measurement was that there were two wells in two different cities , and the sun only shone down one of them at the time . 
  if you 're only observing one well , though , you do n't know whether the earth is round or flat . 
  ** stellar flare , ** 5 mana spell : choose one -- deal 6 damage , or gain 10 armor, 
  that 's with two wells , in two different places . 
  that would n't work if the earth were flat ( and the sun were far away ) , yeah . 
  it 's made of proteins . 
  so , i guess by `` protein change '' , the title means that the proteins are freezing ? 
  maybe different alphabets are used in different parts of the world ? 
  although i thought trolls were a monoculture . 
  the joke is it 's a choose one spell for mage, 
  the ancient one heal for thirty !, 
  you could make botao decks viable somehow !, 
  probably in druid i guess . 
  but why was the combo called `` sunshine '' ? 
  uth does n't even create rays , it creates hounds , which are a completely different animal . 
  leeroy jenkins created a strategy that revolved around trying to defeat your opponent in one turn without requiring any cards on the board . 
  fighting for board control and battles between minions make an overall game of hearthstone more fun and compelling , but taking 20 + damage in one turn is not particularly fun or interactive . 
  must be weird to eventually find out that you have a widely-hated hearthstone combo named after you . 
  have n't had a legendary in many packs . 
  am waiting for leeroy to show up so that i can get my combo on as renolock . 
  total gadgetzan packs opened : 5 ? 
  yeah , i ca n't think of a spell name that 's an adjective, 
  kind of like a deadly shot , but it always hits the worst one . 
  really cool card , would love a copy or two in a control rogue, 
  aaand paladin gets the best healing cards again . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that ; this is a great card . 
  but none of those are adjectives . 
  `` coup de gr\u00e2ce '' is a noun , and the rest are verb phrases . 
  that was pretty long ago . 
  how much less real does its `` recency '' make it compared to the other ones ? 
  i think it 's a new version of the deck teched against the mirror or something . 
  it seems pretty bad tbh ; if you play revenge or brawl , you kill your own pirates . 
  why would you want to do that ? 
  but when we write it , we put it in between words . 
  go on / r/blackpeopletwitter , it 's true !, 
  edit : also [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/5moma7/iputtheclappingemojibetweenwordsgivemekarma/ ) / r/circlejerk thread, 
  vs aggro warrior it 's fine though . 
  terrible vs everyone else , because it pulls big minions vs reno decks , pulls tomb pillager vs rogue , and pulls 4 mana 7/7 vs shaman . 
  aww you left out error diffusion dithering . 
  coolest algorithm out there ( even if it 's also the slowest ) . 
  what exactly are the algorithms featured here ? 
  the top left looks like bayer matrix , but i ca n't place the rest . 
  especially since , before blastcrystal potion , there was n't much of a way to kill it and subsequently do a full board wipe on the same turn . 
  there were only three ways to do it , and they all required at least four cards :,
