  ( chaucer , right ? ), 
  early modern english was shakespeare 's far more comprehensible english . 
  ... i think this is the first ever time i 've corrected someone on english being an * older * stage than they thought . 
  the dude he replied to was referring to the play * waiting for godot * when he wrote `` brechtian theater jokes '' . 
  the dude you replied to found that weird . 
  huh , carry on then . 
  rip yogg 'n' load :(, 
  it 's still awful, 
  played nothing but yogg n load for three seasons . 
  he 's not talking out of his ass . 
  playing 30 spells and then playing yogg was the most fun thing about that deck . 
  even more interesting with brann , although i never ran him competitively . 
  it was also an actual bug with druid . 
  if you had fandral on board , you could target your face with dark whispers and permanently get 2 more health , 2 more attack , and taunt . 
  edit : dark whispers , not mark of the wild, 
  well ? 
  but mistcaller is terrible in a yogg deck, 
  edit : if you 're playing yogg druid , then you could run addled grizzly ... 
  was n't can town a reference to the region of canton ? 
  or no ? 
  oops , thanks , that 's what i get for not playing druid, 
  not the rocket boots or the ufo or excavator mount ? 
  my current favorite interpretation of the prequels is that they 're entirely metaphorical , and that the real story is told through our own disappointment in the prequels . 
  in that case , anakin actually went to the dark side because of being let down by someone he trusted , and the abstract nature of the prequels expresses his agony much better than if we had simply been shown . 
  bravo , lucas , you really outdid yourself . 
  did n't he use the word red at some point ? 
  berlin and kay , you have done some great work, 
  sure , but it 's going to be trash . 
  you can make cool plays with blood of the ancient one or majordomo executus , but how many decks do you see running them ? 
  oh , maybe . 
  that sucks . 
  pshh , just asparagus stage copies of its bottom stage around it and you can go interstellar . 
  ... people who have n't seen what a former ocean or lake looks like ? 
  it 's not obvious . 
  i mean , it 's basically just fried batter with powdered sugar or chocolate syrup , like funnel cakes . 
  and at the end of the day there are going to be many more less oily and more flavorful sweet dishes you can make . 
  hey , it 's reliable !, 
  all my headshots on halo swat are flick shots, 
  must be suicidal then , nobody just goes to eritrea on a road trip unless it 's their job, 
  reddit auto-numbering, 
  australia has plenty trees . 
  dunno about mountains though . 
  uluru is ... a rock ... 
  i think, 
  cards that are n't good are n't fun . 
  yogg was fun , but like any other fun card , his funness depended partially on being good . 
  you always want to dust a card after a nerf and wait to see if you still want to play it after a month or so . 
  for most people , even the ones who play for fun , this is means that he has to be good to be recrafted . 
  i 'm itching to try out my yogg n load deck with the nerfed cards , but even i 'm dusting 2x cotw and 1x yogg . 
  if a more interesting and playable deck worth the 2400 dust comes up , i 'll spend it on that . 
  if not , i welcome crippled yogg back with open arms . 
  ( i have my sights set on concede shaman , but that costs more dust than my entire collection is probably worth . 
  yeah , but * how ? 
  * like , it 's one thing to change words in a copypasta , but to emulate his whole style of speaking ? 
  i guess you have to have talent . 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking . 
  although , warrior only has a limited amount of large minion removal . 
  by my count , 6 . 
  i do n't think anyone enjoyed him purely because he was good . 
  the kinds of people who enjoy cards only for being good tend to also be the kinds of people who do n't enjoy massive amounts of rng . 
  he 's gon na fight with a sickle ? 
  i was reading it like , `` desingko ? 
  australia has jellyfish and is a honeymoon destination , i guess ? 
  we have just sausage , with ketchup and mustard , for breakfast in hungary ( and i think austria ) . 
  it is delicious . 
  unstable portal ancestral call, 
  do n't you love crayons made out of fluorine gas ? 
  ( but til that it 's orange . 
  i always thought it was blue or purple for some reason . ), 
  * unwamed, 
  yeah , that 's probably it, 
  that polarity lethal in the second game was really cool , congrats !, 
  little-known fact : the payload is a german consulate . 
  well , also typing `` alert '' would n't do anything in javascript, 
  edit : i meant brainfuck :\\, 
  also ` use strict `, 
  edit : fucked up the keyword, 
  maybe for card draw, 
  i call this the `` interviewee '' hand . 
  nothin ' but answers, 
  yes , but mainly because of the balkans, 
  is that true , though ? 
  venice is closer to turkey , and there 's a pretty high density of kebab in the surrounding mainland . 
  then again it 's an italian tourist city where italians have been running shops for like a thousand years , so maybe you 're right ? 
  is n't she doing it to not give away to mina that she 's in her spirit world ? 
  for some reason , i ran into him in my very first gauntlet game . 
  i * lost . 
  when was / r/hearthstonecirclejerk outjerked ? 
  i mean , other than always , but when did it admit to it and become serious ? 
  buffs lock and load , literally playable, 
  edit : also buffs tunnel trogg , which leads me to wonder if this would ever see play in midrange shaman or control shaman . 
  it 's a decent finisher , especially if you have two troggs on board ( which is rare , but you can set up for it as an otk shaman ) . 
  with a thaurissan tick on this and a lava shock , you can even play it for no drawback ( other than inefficiently using 10 mana , although is a conditional pyroblast actually inefficient ? 
  pyroblast sees no play ? 
  i get pyroblasted in the face whenever i play a yogg deck, 
  it 's ceremonial , though ; this university is known for basketball , and they do this every year . 
  sure , things would be better if the tuition were free for * everyone , * but this is n't some tasteless sponsored event , it 's something the university does out of its own pocket as a way to give someone a free degree while symbolizing its reputation . 
  that weird armband from spy kids 2 became an actual thing, 
  to be fair , that would n't have worked for * any * candidate . 
  you have to be running specifically against someone perceived to be as evil as hillary clinton .
