  i 'm getting a degree and hoping to use it to get a job at a lab and research for the rest of my life . 
  this is what you mean by `` play '' ? 
  it should have been in your psychology textbook . 
  i know it was in mine ... 
  edit : oh wait , you had to make the decision to take ap psych . 
  never mind !, 
  wait , north korea ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  strawman much ? 
  that 's why 800x600 is * extra * - big . 
  this is why they banned it in my country . 
  [ le hungary , so much better than amerifags ], 
  but i had been to over 40 countries by the time i was twelve , surely this means that i have had enough world experience to have an opinion !, 
  ca n't we pardon the dude ? 
  he was a bit emotional over a recent event , and it affected his speech . 
  the upvotes are unforgivable , though . 
  i 'm using alien blue , so the upvotes * are * to the right ... 
  it 's really hard . 
  flash , i mean . 
  html is fine and easy . 
  you also need to learn php for webcomics . 
  no problem ; that 's easy , too . 
  but flash ? 
  i suggest you get experience in powerpoint animations first , and then move on to flash . 
  you 'd be surprised at how good of an animation medium powerpoint is . 
  just to look at , though ; obviously , you 've never seen an embedded powerpoint . 
  but the animations in it are very easy to use compared to flash . 
  you can have all sorts of wonderful objects , which work intuitively , and you can give them a whole variety of tweens ( entrances , emphasis effects , exits , and motion paths ) , some of which would be real hard to set up in flash . 
  transitions are also easy to do ; they 're built into the medium . 
  anyway , then learn flash . 
  take some online video tutorials ; these will give you a basic idea of how things work . 
  the differences between different kinds of objects and things . 
  how to make tweens , and tweak them at your will . 
  ( this is easier than ever ; you have it way better than the cs3 devs or anyone before them . ), 
  but it 's still really hard to handle , all sorts of transitions and things . 
  and those boxes , like in cascade , those are the worst . 
  i do n't know yet how hussie did those . 
  one day , i 'll decompile cascade and find out . 
  but anyway , you have a steep learning curve ahead of you . 
  as far as i know , it 's not possible . 
  hussie counts unite and synchronize as one flash . 
  but yeah , the rest of taste for adventure will totally be used in a flash . 
  i do n't care if it is n't ; then i 'll fan-make one . 
  chrome is n't a very good browser for homestuck , because the animation speed of the larger gifs slows down greatly as they get closer to the center of the page ( or onscreen at all ) . 
  i do n't know why this happens , but i hate it . 
  sorry i ca n't solve your problem , though . 
  also , since you 're using chrome , why not use my [ green sun theme ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/v7ih0/i_made_a_green_sun_theme_for_chrome_and_i_really/ ) ? 
  pffffffffffft , * just * twice ? 
  / uncirclejerk, 
  that drawing is actually unexpectedly accurate . 
  good on you for putting in the effort !, 
  / circlejerk, 
  and sexual orientation being a thing . 
  ( not as in i want to eliminate everything but straight , but to consider all varieties of being turned on by different people `` normal '' . ), 
  i think that most of the / r/adviceanimals are either teenagers , or , in the case of those posting the annoying ( inexperienced ? ), 
  college freshman image macro , some of the less mature attendees of college . 
  either way , they 'll grow out of it . 
  this actually applies to most of the hivemind . 
  i would n't necessarily say that they meet the criteria if they are still developing . 
  or there are people who do n't watch tv ... ... ? 
  kfc officially dropped kentucky fried chicken , but many people ( especially in foreign countries , like here in europe ) still use the full name . 
  ... says ( quotes ) the person browsing reddit ? 
  yes and no . 
  you are n't really , but you and your surgery-hating pals should be ashamed of it . 
  there is only one show on television that i watch , and it needs cable . 
  ( doctor who ; i live in hungary , not britain . 
  i know there are other ways to get it , but what if i have visitors who want to watch tv ? 
  i have relatives who are quite fond of cartoon network . 
  i might as well make use of it in the meantime . ), 
  amerikkka sux amirite , europe         murrica, 
  you 'd like to think that , would n't you ? 
  seconded . 
  why watch television ? 
  if for news , you have an internet connection , do n't you ? 
  if for education , there 's nothing on to accomodate you . 
  if for entertainment , deal with it and find something else to entertain you . 
  guys . 
  here 's an idea . 
  let 's fatally gas everyone in walmart . 
  * everywhere . 
  * the country will be so much better off without those people . 
  edit : come on . 
  how could you possibly have thought that this is not sarcasm ? 
  you make me sad , reddit . 
  i feel so lucky for unsubbing from all the defaults immediately after subscribing ... it 's not that i recognized that it was circlejerky material , but that i only wanted to be subscribed to subreddits that i was interested in ( hence how it took me several weeks to unsub from / r/gaming , and an even longer time to unsub from / r/politics ) . 
  that 's the one !, 
  i 've never seen it as that ... 
  i use too many computers and meet too many people to have large numbers like that . 
  ( and , paradoxically , all the subreddits that i frequent are pretty tiny . ), 
  think about it , though . 
  his job is veeeeeeeery easy . 
  go to / u/trapped _ in_reddit . 
  but then all of the times i contradicted the hivemind ( see : criticizing xkcd references ) , and was misunderstood ( see : clearly-labeled devil 's advocation in racist thread thought to be 4-real ) would play into the average , tio . 
  like , a professor ? 
  and / r/homestuck . 
  if i do n't have the best discussions there !, 
  as well as all the other small subreddits i frequent . 
  but / r/homestuck primarily . 
  enlighten me . 
  ( to those who do n't read usernames : i 'm not the person the person i 'm replying to is replying to .
