  i think ... maybe the decks are terrible on purpose ? 
  you joke , but wait until content pack 01 hits ... 
  have n't seen guacamelee mentioned yet . 
  play the other recommended games first , but definitely give guacamelee a try when you have the chance . 
  its style is so cohesive , and fun to look at/listen to . 
  i hope that 's where it 's going as well . 
  it would be logical , but so far all the dream fights occur after the subject is dead . 
  the only way to kill zote currently is to not interact with him , which i do n't think is really in the spirit of things . 
  we need to talk about p a r a l l e l u n i v e r s e s, 
  wow , i did not remember that hades smoked a cigar in * hercules . 
  * i guess that is 20th century movies for you . 
  i find that it is helpful to , above all else , prioritize two things in the following order :, 
  not getting hit, 
  dpsing as hard as you can, 
  it sounds obvious , but in practice you get a really workable strategy : if the radiance is hovering over spikes or there are those horizontal swords floating towards you , do not engage and focus on avoiding stuff . 
  otherwise , nonstop abyss shreiks and simple or charged attacks will kill it in no time ( especially with the shaman stone equipped ) . 
  aside from that , knowing which platform it will spawn above in the second phase and immediately releasing three abyss shreiks into its face is also very helpful . 
  millhouse manastorm hard counters druid , especially at rank 24 . 
  they play their living mana on turn 2 and then feel stupid . 
  but some of them are clearly way better than the others . 
  the quest warrior list is almost meta . 
  and the druid list is the worst one by far . 
  starting next expansion , this will apply to all sets , yeah ? 
  so it will work on classic packs , un ` goro packs , etc. 
  cool thx, 
  what about `` i think [ first part of dialogue or mission text ] wants me to [ second part of dialogue or mission text ] '' with a picture of a bunch of copies of the same dialogue or mission ? 
  better than `` master/slave '' in sysadmin terminology , i guess, 
  did this guy not get the memo on leavin the apostrophe off of '' - in '' when you 're postin to twitter ? 
  mostly because who the hell does n't leave in the line breaks ? 
  ( someone who copies and pastes without understanding reddit markdown , that 's who . ), 
  is there a way to consistently get the two thaurissan ticks , or ... ? 
  cause this seems almost viable compared to those rng ones you posted earlier . 
  with inner rage + sudden genesis , i think it can be pulled off ? 
   call to battle, 
  muster for battle ? 
  you 're gon na give hooru the credit for a guy with lifesteal ? 
  seems more like an argenport thing, 
  eh i 'd say it was iron man that started the `` craze '' . 
  spiderman was just a good superhero movie that got released before iron man , at a time when other superhero movies were n't good . 
  the series contributed a lot of elements to the modern superhero movie tradition , sure , but superhero movies did n't start being every other blockbuster movie until everyone started trying to copy marvel studios 's success . 
  mcbeth , king of ireland ? 
  ah good point, 
  i dunno , i 'm on dvorak , and if i want to move just up and down , j and k work great since they 're right next to each other , but if i want to move left and right as well , it 's a lot more convenient to just use the arrow keys . 
  i thought i 've seen the best political compass . 
  i was wrong . 
  organizations peddling bunk `` alternative '' medicine do often call it `` holistic '' medicine . 
  the meaning of it outside that context is irrelevant . 
  it 's important for people to understand that they may see garbage sold under the label `` holistic medicine '' . 
  it 's not uncommon . 
  you were correcting a guy who knew exactly what he was talking about . 
  if you have an issue with the term , take it up with the marketers who came up with it , not the people who are using the words written right on the bottle . 
  bare is 4 fite ? 
  yep , needs a `` this turn '' . 
  you probably know this , but as if getting in a 12 damage attack every turn were n't enough , it would also cause minions to take 12 damage whenever they attacked the guy 's face . 
  for precedent , see the fandral + dark wispers glitch from the wotog release . 
  edit : also just noticed , `` wispers '' in that card does n't have an h in it . 
  weird . 
  also a maximum card count in your deck ; 60 i think ? 
  no , because if you 've gotten to playing it , it 's not in your deck anymore . 
  i 'm honestly not sure if hunters can read, 
  with aviana + kun + noggenfogger , you could actually get a face attack in . 
  and that 's hilarious . 
  i mean sure i 'd run 4 copies of dragonfire potion vs quest rogue, 
  there 's never just one answer if we do n't know what he needs the cheese for , but this is a damn good recommendation if he 's grating it onto something ( like spaghetti ), 
  whenever a hearthstone card says `` your ( opponent 's ) deck '' , it means whatever is currently in that deck . 
  see , for example , all the priest cards : shifting shade , shadow visions , drakonid operative , mindgames . 
  if you are looking at the deck 's state at the start of the game , then you need to use special language to specify it , like with curious glimmerroot . 
  edit : of course , this is hearthstone we 're talking about , introducing text inconsistencies is n't even a big deal . 
  but we should assume in good faith that op means the consistent version . 
  yeah , but `` wispers '' sounds like a collection of things that ... wisp ... like , as a verb ... 
  i mean it 's a totally understandable pun , but maybe a little out of place ? 
  edit : jesus y' all are harsh . 
  hearthstone cards do n't normally have puns in their names , so i was a little confused , that 's all ... 
  another example is mathematica . 
  i guess it 's just tradition . 
  eh , in mathematics i see much more often something-sub-0 for the first element of a series , rather than something-sub-1 . 
  it depends on the context . 
  double rogue hero power value lul, 
  this could really easily get you the ability to burn someone to death in a turn or two early in the game with soulfires and pos . 
  i guess in standard you 'd worry about discarding the soulfires , though ... 
  they are definitely the bottom of the barrel, 
  just think , with these two cards , for 12 mana over two turns , you could have a 5/3 weapon !, 
  that 's why it destroys the weapon slot , to keep such unbalanced interactions from happening . 
  edit : 10 mana -  12 mana ( 4 mana for poisoned blade , then 4 hero powers \u00d7 2 mana/hp ), 
  you can go to texas and find a lot of people wearing them . 
  then you get used to it as a sort of cultural practice . 
  you look at it and think , `` oh , this guy 's texan '' , rather than `` oh , this guy put a lot of thought into which hat looks best on him and somehow came up with a cowboy hat ? 
  man , fuck this guy '' . 
  traditional wear , basically . 
  and fox news has n't been reporting on foxes for some time now , they got ta go back to their roots and get on that, 
  [ gvg card ] ( http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/dark_wispers ), 
  meanwhile with hussie and friends : `` the floor is h i v e s w a p '', 
  you can half-silver them or dim them !, 
  since more light gets in than comes out ( your face being not a source of light and all ) , it works out to the glasses seeming reflective/opaque from the outside , and mildly inconvenient to look through from the inside . 
  that 's why i wrote `` reflective/opaque '' , rather than just `` opaque '' . 
  depends on whether you half-silvered or dimmed your glasses . 
   looking a person in the face while talking to them, 
  / r/absolutely _ not_me_irl, 
  sure you can . 
  have you ever seen someone wear sunglasses ?
