  i like this a lot !, 
  i 've wanted a map like this for a long time . 
  partly for the `` exotic '' quality of ones that i have n't seen yet , and the reassurance of being able to read the ones that i have . 
  ^ ( ( just to be clear , i do n't claim to know any other languages , just their orthographies ) ^ ), 
  man , that 's a long time from now . 
  i 'm not sure whether i 'll remember . 
  give me a heads up nov. 1 to be sure , okay ? 
  for which one ? 
  that sounds pretty painful when you 're dealing with vectors and group theory and cartesian products , so i 'll assume it 's for intervals rather than an ordered pair . 
  i know which graphemes correspond to which phonemes and that 's pretty much it . 
  `  ` , not ` ; ] ` . 
  the sidebar lies . 
  here :, 
  ( i disagree , i 'd say that the cardinality of the set of cardinalities is greater than [ ; \\ infty  . ), 
  why did you make me click a video link with sound . 
  :( i thought it was going to be pictures . 
  that 'll teach me to always keep my computer on mute . 
  no , i 'm supposed to be doing work . 
  i like it . 
  except what the fuck is rose doing in the beginning ? 
  there was a movie . 
  but that does n't reflect how it happened in homestuck . 
  she stayed pretty much in one place respective to the other characters . 
  i do mind . 
  when you gave ea the money , they gave you simcity . 
  when they gave you simcity , they expected that a number of conditions would be met ( by their own design ) : that if you installed simcity on your computer , then the software that you installed was simcity , the one that they had made , the one that they expected that you would play , the one that accepts their key , etc. 
  ; that if you played simcity , the experience that you would receive would be the one that they had designed , and not differ from that experience in any way , because you paid for the software that * they * designed , and they designed a particular experience that they had in mind that they wanted you to play ; that this experience would include that , when you do not have an internet connection , you can not play the game . 
  when they decided to give you the game , in return for giving you the money , it was on the ( enforced ) condition that you would not ( be able to ) play the game in the absence of an internet connection . 
  the fact that you accepted the game from them , after you gave them the money , amounts to a promise , that you accepted their terms , along with their software . 
  if you do , by any means , ( be able to ) play the game in the absence of an internet connection , then you have broken this promise , broken their terms , and have essentially retroactively * lied * . 
  they think that you are following their rules !, 
  they think that you are having the experience that they wanted you to have !, 
  but no , you wily bastard , you , you had to be greedy and go beyond their terms , violate your promise , and change the experience to what you felt * you * liked more . 
  why , if they had known that , then maybe they would have asked for something else besides the amount that they charged you and your promise to accept their terms !, 
  maybe they would have wanted a * bigger * amount !, 
  how dare you . 
  the fact that the option to pay more and receive unlimited access is absent is irrelevant . 
  that just means that they * completely disapprove of * the idea of you being able to play it without an internet connection . 
  paying them money wo n't change that , especially if they even * give * you something in return for the money . 
  then you 're being especially greedy . 
  unfortunately mom would only be a non-sentient projection , because she died when she was n't a player . 
  in that case , also do the ones with meenah , vriska , and jade . 
  she 's * dead * , though . 
  it was hinted at when dave said `` the dreamless kind i think ? '', 
  about bro 's death . 
  that is by no means conclusive proof , but i will regard it as a hint until i have reason to believe that it 's misleading . 
  i have a sort-of-long refutation of your argument , but i 've used up the quota of time that i am willing to spend on an issue that is as unimportant to me as this . 
  i 'm really busy !, 
  so , i 'm really sorry , but i wo n't be able to put my argument into words for you . 
  good night !, 
  well , and cs is a branch of math . 
  theoretical cs , anyway . 
  you can be a theoretical computer scientist and call yourself a mathematician . 
  umm , begin a6i3 , i think . 
  talk to him as meenah . 
  how much do you know about hangul ? 
  when i first found out how it worked , i thought it was the most beautiful script that i have ever seen . 
  ( in case you do n't know , each individual character represents a syllable , but each character is made up of smaller parts that bijectively determine what syllable it is . ), 
  wait , really ? 
  edit : oh , duh , of course , since d/dx - lnx = -1 / x , whereas d/dx 1/x = -1 / x ^ ( 2 ) . 
  the whole site is . 
  and may i also recommend ( by the same author ) http://hpmor.com . 
  the kind of moa seen here [ has a wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/megalapteryx_didinus ) , too . 
  unfortunately , it 's poorly written . 
  can anyone help ? 
  i liked this article . 
  it was n't embarrassingly condescending , and i learned a little from it . 
  i am so going to use `` tht '' in shorthand handwritten notes . 
  ggggggggg ? 
  gggg ? 
  pretty much every single case ever is named after a latin verb . 
  see here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_grammatical_cases, 
  ( fun thing to do : ctrl-f `` hungarian '' , my native language ), 
  what , with the advent of actual graphics , you really expect people to stick to text-based adventures ? 
  what could the advantages of that possibly be ? 
  i only read because i can learn things from reading better and more quickly and * differently * than if i had seen them in a movie or on tv . 
  you ca n't teach differential equations or thermodynamics with just a movie . 
  it would make more sense to use a book . 
  but that 's inaccessible . 
  i play df myself , and i 'd prefer that it had real , complex , useful , navigable graphics , with things like zoom and perspective et cetera , as opposed to symbolic letters on a screen . 
  i guarantee that more people would play it if it did . 
  you could turn off blood graphics if you wanted to . 
  there has to be * some * way to do it . 
  checkmate , pedants . 
  he said `` fall '' , not `` fail '' . 
  i would n't necessarily make the inference that you are making . 
  rose . 
  that makes no sense . 
  what does a lack of graphics add to a game that makes it better than a game without a lack of graphics ? 
  i also , by the way , argue that continuous cellular automata are better than discrete cellular automata . 
  do you have an objection to * that * opinion ? 
  what is there to rationalize ? 
  and do n't generalize or use hyperbole . 
  look out , it 's clever political commentary !, 
  sarcasm aside , this is relatively original , and the thing that it says is true ( if obvious ) , so i like it . 
  if the world were 4d , you could probably use a gravitationally massive object to bend it into there . 
  or maybe even just a mirror . 
  i have no fucking clue how light and 4d and mirrors and gravity interact . 
  but there is specifically a larger circular body behind the spiral , attached to it at the tip of the spiral . 
  we have n't seen that anywhere else besides calliope 's painting and caliborn 's black hole .
