  if that 's not hard enough evidence for you , we can do a census . ), 
  edit : or , the simpler thing to say : even if it 's likely that it 's a radical feminist post , it 's very rude to assume that it is . 
  i felt differently . 
  i thought it was a fitting and slightly overdue end . 
  and it 's not like i was n't a fan of amy and rory , either . 
  i was just happy that they ended up together and safe . 
  hmm . 
  on the one hand , this sounds like a story . 
  on the other hand , it 's written like a well-told news story , which is bayesian evidence for you having much experience in journalism . 
  and it does matter whether i believe it , because it 'll affect my opinions of educational administrations , which is a serious thing . 
  do you have a link to the fn article ? 
  i subscribe to the [ many-minds interpretation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/many-minds_interpretation ) of qm . 
  i hold that all amplitudes have objective existence , which makes measurements decoherence events , where your brain 's amplitude blob ( well , sandbar ) becomes entangled with those of something else , resulting in multiple large amplitude blobs for your brain 's state . 
  ( of course , your brain is many particles , but they 're all tightly entangled with each other , so it can be treated as roughly one quantum object . ), 
  but when that happens irl , it does n't look to you like all those blobs are happening at once , just one . 
  the conclusion you have to make is that you 've woken up in just one of the amplitude blobs , being `` conscious '' in only one . 
  it 's the simplest interpretation that i 've found that covers all the experimental predictions . 
  simpler explanations are much more likely to be true than more complex explanations . 
  the copenhagen interpretation is much more complex , saying that amplitudes only exist some of the the time , and even then do n't really `` exist '' . 
  and it says confusing things about measurements , which seem to hold some sort of cosmological significance in their ability to `` collapse '' a wavefunction . 
  that 's a much too complex idea of the rules of reality . 
  i think it 's more likely that amplitudes are always things , and measurement is just decoherence/entanglement ( so not special ) , and your consciousness goes one way or the other when you get entangled with something . 
  ( but it 's not like the other amplitude blob does n't get a consciousness . 
  it just is n't yours . ), 
  i think if i make it low-precision enough , it might be able to run . 
  i do n't care about subtleties , since the person playing my game wo n't , either . 
  i 'm not trying to solve for the whole pde , not even in approximation ; the player may , after all , interfere in the meantime . 
  i just want stuff for the next frame . 
  imagine how strong they 'd need to be for that . 
  they did try to swing back , but unfortunately for them , they were too long and too weak . 
  this makes me want to live in australia . 
  i love snakes !, 
  secondhand experience . 
  or , by that point , firsthand experience . 
  much too verbose . 
  it 's 21 , right ? 
  well , * you * try caring for an orphaned/beached baby whale . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  ( honestly , though , irl the cartridge just would n't run . ), 
  the simulation * is * 2d . 
  the third dimension is time . 
  ( it 's ( special ) relativistic . 
  these two things will mostly be kept separate , until maybe the end . ), 
  i 'll probably have to tell it to simulate it classically ( i.e. 
  with n less dimensions ) if * c * is big enough . 
  ( * c * varies from area to area . ), 
  i tried to make it so that it seamlessly switches back and forth between classical and relativistic mechanics , but that grew increasingly involved , as i had to pipe more and more stuff to the player 's environment to be computed , otherwise some key mechanics would be left out . 
  i eventually decided , `` fuck it , i 'll make the engine ground-up relativistic and make classical mechanics a special case of it , like it appears irl , '' and started programming from the ground up again . 
  but i knew that i 'd have to implement qm as well for the areas that have qm , and i could n't imagine * tacking qm on * instead of having it be another ground-up thing , so now i 'm trying to figure out the best way to implement qm along with special relativity , at the same time . 
  ( special relativity is only a minor complication of how stuff works , so it 's not too difficult to add . 
  the problem is that now i have n more dimensions i need to keep up with in qm . ), 
  i will definitely try to find a way to make the game 's physics switch to classical in one way or another when the sfx is not needed . 
  thank you for the textbook recommendation , i 'll be sure to try one . 
  is that midnight or noon ? 
  oh , ok , thank you . 
  she 's heavily drunk and it 's game mechanics . 
  well , the alternative solution is to not die . 
  i 'm still working on that , though , so i may end up having to enjoy myself . 
  for some reason , that 's very , very comforting . 
  21 looks similar to 27 , that 's all . 
  well , it depends on what you mean by `` brain '' . 
  is it a control center for a biological organism ? 
  a control center for any organism ? 
  a processor ? 
  a neural network ? 
  a graph ? 
  the internet falls under some of those , but not others . 
  so real-time raytracing * is * possible ? 
  when do you ever even see factorials anymore ? 
  all i see nowadays are a great big gamma . 
  these are hard questions . 
  that depends on what objects are loaded at a time . 
  each loaded object has at least 3 properties : its x position , its y position , and its \u03c4 position , the last of which is its ticker reading ( some objects do stuff over time , like walk around over something ; they have an internal clock , the ticker , that tells them when to do the stuff ; this is affected by special relativity ) . 
  therefore , each object contributes at least 3 dimensions to the hilbert space , but possibly more , depending on what properties they have . 
  i have a feeling oo is n't exactly built to handle this kind of thing . 
  what do you mean how many sites ? 
  the whole thing is modeled as one wavefunction , and i use some sort of equation ( tbd : i 'm looking at the solution of the klein-gordon equation for d ^ ( 2 ) \u03a8 / dt ^ 2 in terms of \u03a8 as something i could use , but it does n't seem to be fully general ; as we speak , i am asking / r/physics for help with that ) to change the wavefunction 's equation . 
  i guess that 's one operator ? 
  you know more about this than me . 
  nothing , really , except maybe the player 's position if you look at it a certain way . 
  whenever the amplitude blob for the player 's position diverges into more than one blob ( due to getting entangled with something else that has more than one blob of amplitude ) , the simulation chooses a blob with probability proportional to the absolute value squared of the peak amplitude of the blob , and eliminates all the other blobs for the player 's position . 
  onscreen , the player is only shown at the position of peak amplitude . 
  this is , of course , less realistic ( at least if you 're a many-worlds person ) , but simulating the other blobs is unnecessary and irl you 're only able to wake up in one blob anyway , so i 'd rather eliminate the other blobs for a boost in computation . 
  i am trying to think of a way to make a ( n ansatz ? ), 
  function for the wavefunction ( although it will still have to be stored in a way that looks like a bunch of points ) , and i believe i have a solution in mvns ( multivariate normal distributions ) . 
  they are very computationally expensive , though , so i 'm attempting to find an approximation for them . 
  i think i 've come up with a good one . 
  it revolves around an approximation of sqrt ( 2pi ) times the snd from -3 to 0 being sin ( x ^ ( 3 ) ) to ( pi/2 ) ^ ( 1/3 ) . 
  after that it 's just multiplication , addition , and a square root . 
  what monte carlo algorithms are you talking about specifically ? 
  or do you just mean i should turn my operator into a monte carlo approximation ? 
  [ the bitmap for the splash is legible . 
  ] ( https://github.com/overv/mineassemble/blob/master/src/splash.asm ) which makes me wonder why he did n't compress it at least even a little . 
  same . 
  although , my motive in particular is to stop people dying from death . 
  since senescence is the biggest killer on the planet , that 's what i want to prevent first . 
  that second bit is good to know . 
  can you provide a link that explains the first bit ? 
  i think it 's less age and more time spent on the internet . 
  the klein-gordon equation seems to be improperly parametrized , unless i 'm missing something .
