  there is a class of depressants known as opioids that both depress the central nervous system , lowering its function , and bring about euphoria . 
  maybe they got hit with one of those ? 
  it 's hard to say . 
  hussie probably did n't have a particular real-world drug in mind when he came up with trickster mode , but nevertheless , it has a real-world analogue . 
  raw opium , a mix of many opioids obtained from a latex that leaks out of an opium poppy when you cut it , is detrimental to the lungs ( because of the high morphine content , and the morphine wrecks your lungs ) . 
  once the alpha kids get off of the popsicle drug , if it really is chemically composed of opiates , they can expect to be breathing abnormally heavily , and have a distinct shortness of breath , in addition to being tired . 
  but that does n't necessarily apply , because this is hussie 's made-up drug , and he 'll do whatever he wants with it . 
  but if you want to compare it to an irl substance , that 's the way to go . 
  unless someone maybe has a better suggestion ? 
  i 've only read two psychology textbooks that talked about psychoactive drugs to any useful length , and i 've also surfed wikipedia , and that 's it . 
  does anyone here have a degree in neuroscience ? 
  ( i 'm more of a cog sci guy . ), 
  i ask because i 've been diagnosed with `` severe '' add , and i do n't believe that such a thing exists . 
  it seems to me more like a case of `` get over your fucking problems and either go improve or fuck yourself '' . 
  yes , i find it hard to gather my thoughts and yes , it takes me several tries to read a paragraph and yes , i get about 30 % of mechanical math problems of any kind wrong ( like algebraic simplification , and derivatives ) , but that does n't seem to me like sufficient evidence for something being so abnormally wrong with my brain that it has to be termed a disorder . 
  it seems to me more like it reflects a lack of self-discipline , which results in an inability to pay attention . 
  why is add and the like considered a cognitive disorder ? 
  with no money , but i 'm not above piracy . 
  i 've discovered that my internal logical structure that produces theorems about what people to respect is internally inconsistent . 
  i 'm rebuilding it from ground up . 
  my goals for this logical structure is that it produces theorems that say equally good things about straight cis people and lgbt people , but say bad things about people who make up minorities to put themselves in to make them feel special ( like lots of kinds of people on tumblr , such as those who are `` transethnic '' ) , and also people who act misanthropically . 
  and to be able to differentiate between the two . 
  ( and also of course that men and women are equal . 
  that 's hardly a question . ), 
  edit : and all other genders too , sorry . 
  i think we can agree on the founding axiom that , `` everyone deserves equal respect , until proven otherwise . '', 
  and of course that of , `` properties biologically inherent in a person are irrelevant to the amount of respect that they should receive . '', 
  cons :, 
  - it can hardly cope with gifs at all :, 
  even when gifs load , they are not in sync , and slow . 
  gifs stop working altogether when they are out of window ... 
  ... and when you bring them back into the window , they are frozen for a time, 
  - i do n't know whether this would improve if i did n't use chrome , but i ca n't use `` save game '' at all, 
  - it ca n't display / r/homestuck apngs, 
  - the commands turn purple and stay purple after being clicked, 
  - you never need to worry about flash ever , because it 's built into the browser . 
  - so is html5 , and it 's been stated that it 's optimal for the a6i3 walkabouts . 
  - it caches everything all the time , even entire flashes so you do n't have to view them load again, 
  i was listening to shostakovich 's fifth , and , besides other similarities , it includes black at [ 46:16 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=ktqsu7tqw48#t=2536s ) . 
  i had a couple other entries , but i forgot what they were , so i 'll just post them as i listen to them . 
  just thought i 'd let you know . 
  anything in english with an apostrophe has an interesting backstory . 
  i know that in middle english only strong nouns inflected for case , and they used s for genitive without an apostrophe . 
  what came after to have us use 's for everything ? 
  ( and what genius thought to make it elide after words terminating in <s ? ), 
  i saw , like , two or three starbucks posts , and about four posts complaining about them , plus the sidebar , plus comments . 
  am i missing something , or is it undeserved ? 
  okay , so what i want is for the ssd to contain / etc / , / bin / , / var / , / boot / , and / tmp / . 
  i want the hdd to be partitioned four ways , with the first partition containing the rest of linux , and the other three being for windows ( the windows bootloader , the system reserved partition , and c :\\ , respectively ) . 
  i want to be able to boot from the ssd into linux , and to be able to boot from the hdd into windows . 
  how do i make this happen ? 
  i think it 's something alomg the lines of , disconnect the hdd , install lm on the ssd , reconnect the hdd , repartition the hdd ( specifically , shrink the main windows partition and replace it with a new ext4 one ) , and move the folders that are n't the six that i mentioned to that new partition , somehow . 
  but how do i preserve boot order , and how do i make lm recognize that those folders are there ? 
  and what about swap , i need a partition on the hdd for that too , do n't i ? 
  all of my external hard drives use firewire or esata . 
  my lightning connector for my iphone uses usb 2.0 , as do my printer and scanner . 
  and all my other usb devices . 
  what are these usb 3.0 ports on my motherboard actually good for ? 
  ( i 'll implement this in pygame . ), 
  if you stand still , you spread out in a blob from end to end on the platform you are standing on . 
  the faster you go , the more you condense into a discrete entity . 
  if you shoot your weapon through a tiny opening , it diffracts through , and the whole room on the other side of the opening floods with gray ( i use desaturation to represent superposition ) . 
  questions :, 
  edit : to clarify , getting fuzzier , grayer , and blobbier is a visual representation of having your position superposed across many different configuration states . 
  you 're one discrete character , but you often look like a blob because you 're not going fast enough . 
  if i 'm a blob on a platform , standing still , then what happens if i jump ? 
  does the whole blob jump at once ? 
  or does the blob also contract into a single figure in the process ( but not completely ) ? 
  if i step onto a multi-platform carousel , my superposition-blob just spreads out on the platform i stepped on , correct ? 
  would things get really confusing if * i * walked through a small opening ? 
  do n't worry , there will be a `` collapse the wavefunction '' button and areas that collapse the wavefunction anyway if you go through them . 
  if i stand still , and then collapse the wavefunction , will it immediately spread out again if i move a bit and then stop ? 
  are there any fun mechanics arising from this that you can think of that i could implement in puzzles ? 
  ( a lot of the puzzles will involve entanglement , for example , and i 'll implement quantum tunneling as well ), 
  there 's no way i could fall off a platform if i stand still on it and collapse the wavefunction , right ? 
  and also no way to teleport to any adjacent platforms in the same manner . 
  are there any unexpected consequences that i should look out for ? 
  ( i 'll try to mostly rely on my intuition of qm , but you never can tell , what with the strange math ), 
  the reason i 'm asking is that i have everything i need to put together a mathematically pure spirograph animation , that you can go on and scale for your fanadventure animations , but i want to know what format it is best to release it in . 
  this is all software that is relatively obscure among non-scientists , so none of these look like good choices . 
  the wikipedia article on the stratigraphy of the cambrian is [ half-finished ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stratigraphy_of_the_cambrian ) , and so does n't really work . 
  i want to know more about early cambrian reefs , and i 'm sure there 's sources out there that talk about it . 
  could anyone recommend any reading ( for free if possible ) ? 
  the location of the cancerous cells would be randomized , but they would be distributed as a package . 
  edit : i 'm getting a lot of qm and relativity . 
  those are certainly interesting , and i 'm glad to see it , but i also ca n't wait to see what those of you in less conventional fields have to say . 
  surely there 's a lot of interesting things in , say , materials science ? 
  what about thermodynamics ? 
  okay , so my partition table looks something like this :, 
  - sdb1 : / boot ( the computer definitely and factually boots from here ), 
  - sda1 thru sda3 : three windows non-main partitions , not sure what each is exactly for, 
  - sda4 : windows8_os ( the main windows installation ), 
  - sda5 : lenovo_recovery ( something windows-related again ; it 's physically after sda6 ), 
  what i want to do is get rid of the useless windows boot partition ( s ) on sda , and would it be too much to ask to rename the partitions so that they make sense ? 
  ( so that the first disk is sda , the second disk is sdb , and actually has the partitions in order ) which partitions can i delete ? 
  - sda3 : totally unknown , has tag `` msftres '', 
  - sda5 : lenovo_recovery ( i do n't use it ), 
  ideally i 'd like it to look like this :, 
  - sda1 : / boot ( the computer boots from here ), 
  sdb ( an hdd ) :,
