  geordi laforge was a famous neurologist who was the first to outline the phototransductive process by which photoreceptor cells converted light into neural impulses . 
  ironically , he later went blind due to macular degeneration . 
  * ( jooooooooke ) *, 
  he was actually born blind , so i thought that might tip people off . 
  have n't you got to be used to that sort of thing by now ? 
  but as far as bombs go , we 've also had c4 , shaving cream , and an eight ball/yin-yang/universe fuser thingy . 
  not that that 's relevant . 
  time for you to reread the intermission !, 
  the very first intermission . 
  also look up that guy on the wiki . 
  ( i think his name is die . ), 
  it 's ironic because he discovered how his eyes worked in the first place . 
  well , if dna were * that * fragile , we would n't have to worry about viruses, 
  that looks very , very tasty . 
  i 've got ta go buy some now . 
  you 'd think so , would n't you ? 
  yet , my iphone disagrees !, 
  if you can find another device that can use itunes u or an equivalent , and can handle my library of pdfs and ebooks equally/better than my library of music ( including but not limited to downloading them off the internet by itself and printing pdfs using cups ) , and has as simple an interface , i promise you that it will be my next smartphone . 
  i do n't think hausdorff dimension is directly comparable to spatial dimension . 
  it 's more about the arity of functions that involve your position , which ca n't be fractional . 
  extra points for getting the latin wrong -- `` female wolf '' / `` prostitute '' would be `` lupa '' . 
  the point is that it is n't ethical , not that it is n't rational . 
  umm , no it does n't ? 
  rationality is systematically optimizing for your utility function , * whatever your utility function might be * . 
  ethics is the inclusion of particular things in your utility function . 
  separate . 
  do n't change it , it was funny !, 
  are you sure both are the right way forwards ? 
  ( sorry , i once rma 'd two motherboards and two processors because of that ), 
  jesus christ , that title ... there * must * have been a less sesquipedalian way to convey that information . 
  ( maybe use the abbreviation for the enzyme instead of the whole name ? ), 
  i guess they 're inseparable then as a conceptual necessity , yeah . 
  sorry , what i meant was that they were disjoint -- mrcheeze said that rationality was a subset of ethics , which is totes wrong . 
  there is evolution that we have seen : most of the time , we culture bacteria , and these go through several generations in a matter of hours , so it 's easy to see evolution in them . 
  you can control the selective process , too . 
  we have also observed evolution in other places , too : just now , a paper came out observing evolution in the wings of sparrows , which have gotten shorter due to selection occurring through cars . 
  ( sparrows with longer wings get hit by cars more often than sparrows with shorter wings , because they are less agile . ), 
  there is an article about that paper in the history of this subreddit . 
  and darwin predicted the existence of a moth on madagascar with a 22cm proboscis , as arising from coevolution with local flowers . 
  it was later discovered after his death ; it 's named `` morgan 's sphinx '' . 
  besides those things , i do n't know any more milestone pieces of evidence ; the fossil record does n't really help , because we have an extremely tiny amount of fossils relative to how many species existed throughout the history of the planet . 
  there are some species we will never know about , unfortunately . 
  there 's probably other evidence i ca n't tell you , though , because i do n't know about it . 
  this happens , like , every day , though . 
  although we do n't get to hear about it very often . 
  on the flip side , your comment is very funny for some reason ; probably because you used the word `` one '' on the phrase `` british humor '' , which are incompatible like that . 
  it 's the second image that 's the interesting one , and you should have no problem with it . 
  the most significant part is that the average erect penis size is 5,75 in , or 14,61 cm , and that the standard deviation is 0,83 in , or 2,1 cm . 
  professional bassoons cost about $ 6.000 a pop . 
  put it in a glass container . 
  my sci-comp professor said that if you really want to use the active voice to communicate a procedure , you should use `` we '' as the subject , to refer to your lab . 
  i think i 've heard `` thundercunt '' before , actually . 
  i do n't remember where , though . 
  on top of everything , he also does n't know how to use latin plurals . 
  if it ends in '' - is '' , the plural is '' - es '' , not '' - i '' . 
  for someone who thinks he has a `` way with words '' , he should iron out that sort of thing , too . 
  also read * on writing well * and any other composition book whatsoever . 
  i wondered . 
  i 'm not american . 
  \\* mean look \\*, 
   it will even slow down modern computers, 
  that 's because of lack of multithreading , and non-optimal pathfinding , not because of df being so complicated in any way . 
  modern games require processing power because of graphics , anyway . 
  sorry , my only knowledge about multithreading comes from reading a book on semaphores and a book on concurrency , and knowing a concurrent programming lamguage . 
  i was just repeating common knowledge between df fans . 
  i 'd try to revamp pathfinding on the whole first , and try to find a way to parallelize that . 
  then i 'd parallelize everything else later . 
  he did n't say or even imply that . 
  of course it is n't . 
  success kid : `` have n't seen snakes on a plane . '', 
  90 % of anything i ever drew/painted from preschool to sixth grade was catalogue illustrations of undersea ecosystems . 
  like , a big trench , and tidal zones , populated with jellyfish 'n' sea anemones 'n' shit , labeled with their latin names . 
  i have no idea why . 
  i retain a keen interest in oceanography and marine biology to this day , although the field that i ended up going into was biomedical engineering , since it 's more relevant to the problem that i want to solve ( death ) and it pays more . 
  you might have replied to the wrong comment ? 
  sorry if this seems irrelevant , but do you know where you got the phrase `` a thing that happens '' from ? 
  if so , where ? 
  ( at this moment , linguistics is profusely apologizing to geology ), 
  source ? 
  source ? 
  i want to tell this guy how special he is . 
  a couple years ago , i spent hours painstakingly rearranging the alt-latin keyboard ( like this but it contains every diacritic for anything ever ) for dvorak ( in ukelele ) , as well as making a few improvements to it . 
  it was great for a while , but then my hard drive broke . 
  and i have n't remade it since . 
  i use linux mint now , still with the dvorak layout . 
  i want to make a similar rearrangement , but i do n't have time anymore . 
  originally , i used it to type the hungarian double acute accent , the latin macron , a variety of polish characters , and , through my modifications , ancient greek . 
  however , now i have to switch between a dvorak keyboard and the hungarian keyboard ( forget about macrons or polish or ancient greek ) . 
  polish or ancient greek ) . 
  and it 's non-obvious where all the differently-accented hungarian characters are . 
  i 've memorized about half of them , but a clean implementation of dead keys organized by the characters they modify would be so much better . 
  and that would be super sad because that could have been avoided if she had worn the ring . 
  who the hell is bottom right . 
  you forgot the most important part : wanting to feel special . 
  [ witty chemistry joke analogy that i 'm too tired to make ], 
  i do n't see a good justification for not labeling it as a functional group . 
  maybe it 's because the cyclohexene is seen as a unit , and the peroxide is messing with it ? 
  but who 's that ? 
  huh ? 
  that 's like knowing `` god good , jesus son of god , satan bad '' about christianity .
