  that could still be a red herring . 
  plus he might have a actually said this before , too . 
  yellow eyes go with the yellow nails and yellow horns . 
  you 're putting more description into it than was given in all of homestuck . 
  eventually you might start inventing details , so you should stop now . 
  wait ... we do ? 
  i do n't even * need * modafinil to stay up . 
  you may think that 's funny , but that 's all some of us can afford . 
  it was a widely-understood joke , though . 
  i 'm kidding . 
  ( i do n't have a desktop or laptop computer , just my phone . ), 
  huh ? 
  they were red . 
  well , since it was the only overt way mentioned for fixing troll blindness , yeah , that puts it pretty much on top of the hypothesis list . 
  * mike . 
  that 's an epitrochoid . 
  spirographs are epicycloids ( with the * d * parameter equal to the * b * parameter , i think ; you can go look it up at wolfram mathworld or wikipedia ) . 
  edit : but * really * though , a spirograph machine can draw any epitrochoid , usually , not just epicycloids . 
  what i mean is that the * sburb * spirograph symbol specifically is an epicycloid . 
  ( epitrochoid : has frills or is rounded in the center ; epicycloid : center is pointy ), 
  ` true `, 
  now . 
  what if i have linux ? 
  ( mint to be exact ), 
  of course , like gimp . 
  just , still !, 
  it was all thr ghost eyes i think , not just nepeta 's . 
  wouldn ' f this post be better-suited for / r/openbroke ? 
  file not found !, 
  in 2014 , i 'd wager between a 0.2 and a 0.05 chance . 
  on april 13 , 2014 , zero , however nice it would be . 
  if they really had n't begun to make the game until it got funded , that 's a really short window !, 
  two years , with ah only working on it part-time . 
  very unlikely . 
  whew , you 've got a lot of patience !, 
  and cool idea , too . 
  i 've been part of the mspa fandom since ps , and i * still * look for evidence in any theory that does not explicitly label itself as `` completely unfounded and probably wrong '' . 
  that 's how you tell good , probable theories from bad ones . 
  as evidence for this one , i 'd cite that the cairo overcoat is the only artifact that le has that caliborn is still missing , so he must acquire it some time in the future , and it is more likely that such an artifact of power would be acquired through more glamorous means than just finding it . 
  of course , he probably just alchemized it as his time-travel device . 
  sub-100 , diy ? 
  buy some dry ice , get a flat , black surface with bowl edges and put it on the ice , get some rubbing alcohol and put it in a cotton swab , affix it above the black surface , dim the lights , and watch . 
  ( the vapor from the alcohol will float down to the black surface and collect there , get cooled down by the dry ice , and when a particle goes through the vapor , it 'll suddenly condense into a white cloud where the particle was . ), 
  edit : oh , and it can be any kind of alcohol , but some work better than others ( like propanol and methanol ) , and the black surface has to be very cold , so you want something with a high specific heat ( i.e. 
  metal or stone or glass , actually maybe not glass because does n't that break ? ) . 
  i use vodka for the alcohol , and the lids of my ramen noodle packages for the black surface ( neither are recommended ) . 
  hurricane , i think . 
  what stops you from pretending it is ? 
  actually , maybe i should make a texture pack like that . 
  sounds fun . 
  * golf * is what is disgusting . 
  i just ca n't stand it , there are so , so many people out there who still think golf is a perfectly okay thing . 
  who seriously consider the idea of golf !, 
  ateeists need to make their voice heard . 
  oh , sure , they write us off as `` rude '' , `` crazy '' , `` just another [ fill in the blank ] '' . 
  but we 're different !, 
  we 're * right !, 
  * people are n't * born * with golf . 
  their parents tell them about it , and deep down they know it 's wrong , as children at least , but the feeling gets twisted into one of the opposite : they * like * golf !, 
  one of infinity arbitrary sports !, 
  some even * dedicate their lives * to it , instead of contributing to society in a useful way . 
  golf is an old , outdated idea , that should have gone extinguished long ago . 
  no , drugs . 
  they * specifically * likened the situation to drugs in the dialogue . 
  that 's been , what , the entire past year ? 
  just because people missed what happened , including you , does n't * not * make it a deus ex machina . 
  they were already a deus ex machina when they were first introduced in [ s ] wake , and then hussie talked to us about them some . 
  they appeared out of nowhere , with no hints , and they allowed aradia to become this crazy ghost fairy who is alive and can freeze * jack noir * in time and can navigate dream bubbles . 
  lines normal to the plane are vertical , that 's what he means . 
  there is lots more besides this post . 
  but if you mean besides all that , then , you greedy bastard . 
  was n't it most recently bath salts ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm just annoyed at having my time wasted telling me these things , because i already know them . 
  we all learned the basics of matrices and vectors in middle/high school , ca n't we assume that your audience knows them ? 
  i did n't even know that was a thing . 
  is n't that a little paranoid to consider ? 
  a truly great programmer should be able to build ( or at least design ) a computer from scratch . 
  well , no . 
  `` as classical as it gets '' would be the classical period , probably within it the end of the 18th century . 
  it will be very expensive for a long while , and generally not worth it . 
  someone commented very informatively about this a month or two ago . 
  hmm . 
  if you want any of it pointed out , you can go to / r/circlebroke and / r/openbroke . 
  or srs i guess , but they 're meanies . 
  we call it the `` snail '' in hungarian . 
  ( but yes . ), 
  sorry if this is a bad suggestion and a waste of everyone 's time , but ca n't it be experimentally determined where the link goes ? 
  like , upon hover , the browser simulates to itself what would happen if you clicked the link , and brings back the url of the final page ? 
  and the little box on the bottom left would get updated as the browser progresses through the series of `` redirects '' , starting with whatever the href is initially equal to . 
  i thought you meant scientific research . 
  now i 'm sad . 
  ( i guess , just take a statistics course ? ), 
  the cueball-ness of the planet bombs has been confirmed . 
  so , if i made an electric oscillator and hooked it up to the siren , i could create a doomsday device ? 
  it could collapse any fort into a tantrum spiral . 
  thank you . 
  nothing more needs to be said . 
  maybe you saw a satellite ( flare ) ? 
  that 's what those look like , but generally they travel across the sky . 
  what about our good ol' mod / u/cationsk ?
