  edit : since my comment seems to be a bit controversial ( maybe this thread was linked it srs ? 
  ) , let me clarify my position on srs a bit further . 
  i 'm not the person that srs thinks of when they think `` circlejerking default subscriber '' . 
  yes , i visit / r/all when i have nothing better to do , but my front page is comprised entirely of tiny subreddits that pertain to my interests and medium ones that pertain to specific scientific areas , like / r/astronomy , / r/biology , / r/chemistry , / r/geology and so forth . 
  i visit / r/circlebroke , but i do n't care about the threads they point out ; i only search the comments for discussion . 
  with that said , i do n't like srs not because of the things they do , i.e. 
  point out badness in reddit ; that would be slightly hypocritical of me . 
  i do n't like them because they are very abrasive about the issues they care about , downvote brigading and such , which actually hurts their cause a lot . 
  i feel that they give the counterculture of reddit a bad name . 
  i 'm not overly bothered by it , though ; reddit is , after all , just a website . 
  you should n't take `` i would n't miss srs '' too hard when i would n't be overly emotionally devastated by the loss of the rest of reddit , either . 
  i wear an expensive dive watch that tells the temperature and how much air i have and shit . 
  i 'll need to get a new one in a couple decades , but i prefer it to anything else . 
  fuck no . 
  it can upload my dives to my laptop . 
  it 's actually called a `` dive computer '' . 
  cloud . 
  but most users have never seen hard drives . 
  you can of course still use the symbol though . 
  you can use it as both . 
  it 's [ this thing . 
  ] ( http://www.suunto.com/us/en/products/diving-instruments/suunto-vyper-air/suunto-vyper-air-black ) as with most computational devices , the smaller , the more expensive . 
  other things that signify jumps in price for dive computers :, 
  - compasses ( oddly enough ), 
  - air integration , especially wireless ( actually i do n't know of any computer that does it non-wirelessly by running a tube to your wrist from your tank ; if it 's non-wireless then that means it does n't go on your wrist but hangs off of your tank at the end of a tube ; these are the cheapest dive computers ), 
  - digital integration ( saving dives as files and things that you can usb to your computer ), 
  - trimix and gas-switching ( you 've probably heard of nitrox , which is just air with an oxygen/nitrogen ratio different from the norm of 20/80 ; trimix has some amount of helium in it as well , because oxygen is actually poisonous and can also cause the same problems as nitrogen if you compress it enough ; using any of these gases modifies the amount of time you can dive for at a given depth , and gas-switching is when you switch them out during a dive for a different gas ; mine can do two gases ), 
  all in all it costs more than i 've paid for any computer , and it does n't even have an arithmetic calculator . 
  i ca n't use the trimix function yet , though , because i 'm not yet certified to breathe it ; when you use trimix to go really deep , it 's called `` technical diving '' . 
  once i get trimix certified , i 'll give this watch away to a friend and get one that does trimix . 
  i meant guacamole , sorry . 
  huh . 
  that 's interesting . 
  those divers are wearing dive watches anyway though , so i do n't understand why they 'd need that omega sapphire thing too . 
  not only does an actual dive watch tell time , but probably the time that interests them more is how much time they have left , not the absolute time . 
  edit : wait , they call * that * a dive watch ? 
  that 's pretty insulting . 
  edit 2 : i have to show this to / r/diving . 
  edit 3 : i want one , i do n't care how pointless it is . 
  edit 4 :, 
   [ glowing watch dial ! ], 
  this feature is particularly attractive for divers who , in their watery worlds , can easily keep track of their elapsed time at a glance . 
  ahahahahaha oh god, 
  credit to / u/chickenpotpi for showing me this . 
  he apparently owns one !, 
  did you know that it has a helium escape valve for trimix diving bells ? 
  ( pretty useless , though . ), 
  for some reason , the papers that arxiv vs. snarxiv pulls up for arxiv almost never have `` instanton '' in the title . 
  but a dive computer still blows all these features out of the water . 
  no one would ever use this , except for novelty . 
  no chance . 
  the dive manual does n't even discuss it , only dive computers . 
  recreational divers can only dive to 18 meters anyway , so a $ 20 digital watch off the store shelf would do the trick just as well . 
  an entry-level dive computer is the [ suunto zoop ] ( http://www.suunto.com/us/products/diving-instruments/suunto-zoop ) , which can retail anywhere between $ 200 and $ 500 ( the latter is definitely pushing it , though ; it 's good but not great , since my watch without the upgrades costs $ 425 in certain places , and has a compass to boot and a dot-matrix display , neither of which the zoop has ) . 
  i got the viper right off the bat ( holy shit things just got american ) , though , because i resisted buying a dive computer for a long time and by the time that i got sick of using a dive table i felt that i 'd go for convenience and technological edge , and got what i felt was the best non-trimix watch . 
  i have n't regretted it ; it 's a boon in solo diving and impresses less experienced divers a lot . 
  and i have n't needed to worry about forgetting my dive log for a long time , either . 
  it 's really interesting to know that they used to use watches like that , though . 
  i never really thought about how regular watches need to be modified to go down to insane depths . 
  dive tables have been around forever , but it never occurred to me that in some situations you might not have been able to keep track of time . 
  i wonder how jacqes-yves costeau did it . 
  i do n't think * silent world * mentioned it . 
  well , i did know/figure they used watches . 
  just i assumed that for an arbitrary depth it 's possible to build a watch that goes that deep . 
  to calculate the time that they could stay down for a given , they used diving tables . 
  [ this is what a modern dive table looks like . 
  ] ( http://scubadiveadvisor.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/padi_rdp.jpeg ) it has a reverse end for repeating dives . 
  you can make a 3-dimensional table if you want to take % o2 into consideration for nitrox . 
  i did n't think that going that deep would require things like a helium release valve . 
  those are some pretty cool pics of costeau !, 
  thanks for the link . 
  heh , i know about the sapphire and its use . 
  i just thought that it was the watch 's name !, 
  thanks anyway , though . 
  you seem to know a lot about watches . 
  why ? 
   and with the tables , i think you pretty much had to remember them in your head back in the days before digital watches . 
  i guess it made it that much more harder to deep dive ? 
  people still use tables who do n't bother buying watches . 
  and you did n't really have to remember the entire table , since you knew beforehand how deep you were going to dive : that 's why it 's called a `` dive planner '' on the sheet !, 
  all you had to remember is how long you could stay down and how long you actually did stay down , but if you did n't dive more than once or twice that day then those facts were really only for inventory in your dive log , because chances are you were well within the acceptable limits anyway . 
  plus the table is waterproof and can be clipped to your bcd ( inflatable jacket to control your buoyancy ; not an elevator button ! ), 
  anyway . 
  if you want to run a dive log properly , though , you had to remember all sorts of details about your dive , which i was never good at : start time , end time , depth , % o2 , but also how long your 5 m safety stop was ( yeah right , i only do that occasionally ) , temperature at surface , middle , and max depth , the visibility ( measured by the distance you can see ) , what you wore , how much air you had at the beginning and end , what you saw , where you were , whether it was a boat dive or a shore dive , and what the water was like ( were there waves ? 
  was there surf ? 
  was there current ? 
  ) , all presented in a compact layout on a single page . 
  to top it off , to get credit for the dive for use in certifications ( like , my divemaster certification required 50 dives ) you need the signature of your diving buddy or the place you rented the gear from or an accompanying divemaster or really the signature of anyone that proves that you made the dive . 
  afaik i 'm qualified as both a solo diver and a divemaster to use my own signature , which is often tempting because i use my own gear and often dive solo ( foreveralone.jpg ) , but i never do , because when all else fails you can still get the signature of the place that fills your cylinders . 
   also i remember hearing that orange is used in diving watches as that is the last color you can see the deeper you go ? 
  my watch lights up . 
  my bcd has a neon yellow stripe , but i think that 's a style choice . 
  orange as far as i know is one of the first colors that disappears , though ; once , i cut myself badly on some coral at 15 m , and i bled the color of green algae . 
  it took me a while to figure out that it was blood !, 
  i thought that it was actual algae or something . 
   and i think we both learned a good amount today . 
  yeah !, 
  i had no idea they still sold stuff like that . 
  fucking finally . 
  you wrote out 8 o 's , but did n't replace the b with an 8 ?
