  you can still come up with a way to put it in concrete terms . 
  in which case kazakhstan huge, 
  what kind of guly\u00e1s is that ? 
  more like p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt . 
  can confirm lack of queuing in hungary . 
  we ca n't even queue in escalators . 
  we group up into thick knots instead . 
  that is better , although it lacks beans . 
  at least now it is a proper soup instead of stew . 
  it 's extremely eurocentric , though . 
  for example , literally everybody in america only appears after the 1600s . 
  the olmecs were around since 1500 bc !, 
  it 's okay , it 's a very old chart . 
  you could n't expect people to know better back then . 
  i make do with vim 's picture-in-picture capabilities . 
  so brave, 
  tyler durden , who is actually a ghost himself . 
  columnar basalt never fails to deliver gorgeous vistas . 
  i am so glad it exists . 
  * holy shit he 's got a whole tub of mercury . 
  * i would bathe in that so hard . 
  ( and then potentially suffer brain damage so hard . ), 
  i think that 's called an ot3, 
  in my experience , it 's the other way around . 
  the people who are talking are trying to impress people , and usually do n't have anything interesting to add to the conversation . 
  the people who sit and watch , meanwhile , are inwardly sighing , and then later go to the pub together to laugh about it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we already know what 's down there , in detail . 
  if you want a picture book , check out [ * the deep * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-deep-extraordinary-creatures-abyss/dp/0226595668 ) ( compiled by claire nouvian ) , mostly a result of a single series of expeditions at and around 2006 . 
  spoiler : mostly cephalopods , jellyfish , and siphonophores, 
  no , everyone reading it knows it 's bullshit , because it 's obvious from the post that op thinks it applies to everyone except op , and that makes them angry . 
  i notice it !, 
  my dick does change posture in the presence of attractive females . 
  wilhelm kempf ( for the third movement ) . 
  sure , no way an actual nuclear bomb is penetrating so far down , and even if the environment went to shit up there , they get most of their nutrients from these undersea vents ( unless they 're far up in the water column relative to the vents and get their oxygen from the surface ; there 's this dead zone in between the surface and the vents where oxygen ca n't diffuse down deep enough from the surface , and oxygen ca n't come up far enough from the vents ) . 
  how much business do you get , that you can afford to lose customers like that ? 
  i was under the impression that video stores are an endangered species . 
  what about slow-mo ? 
  and stop , as an anti-rape device . 
  and with a new room added every so often . 
  but seriously we do have kettles . 
  ... right ? 
  i own three kettles . 
  it must have been fun to construct : throw in vocabulary from 20 different major languages , string it together with an analytical grammar , and it 's alive !, 
  frankenstein 's language is alive !, 
  excuse me , do you know how many medals we 've won ? 
  yeah . 
  when did we get itunes and the itunes store ? 
  that should count as a new room . 
  ( really , more like a mall getting built into the house . ), 
  os and browser ? 
  i have black , and i 'm using arch linux with chromium . 
  these are the names for it that will make me know what you are talking about when you say them :, 
  pound sign, 
  octothorpe, 
  hash sign/tag, 
  number sign, 
  so a mall . 
  well , to be fair , i was listing the names that * i * knew for it , and i did n't know that one . 
  what do you call the pound key on the telephone ? 
  edit : also , to be completely honest , if i saw that symbol i 'd assume it stood for lira ( although i 'd be mistaken because lira has two bars not one ), 
  i wish hungarian and finnish were mutually intelligible , like the slav languages . 
  you 're calling * our * language weird ? 
  we have , like , the same grammar !, 
  highly synthetic , highly agglutinative , is n't it ? 
  no conjugated future tense , has a conditional mood and a subjunctive mood , and has postpositions and cases instead of prepositions . 
  you guys have more moods and tenses , though , so finnish grammar  hungarian grammar imo . 
  and beyond that , both of our vocabularies are etymologically obscure !, 
  sorry , i thought you still meant that our language is weird , despite joking about the unclear finnish part . 
  so maybe it is not so obvious that i did n't get it after all . 
  is that from * source code * ? 
  jesus , those things are fucking rare . 
  that 's , like , the seventh recorded one , ever . 
  i saw one in a tank in the lecture room of a clam/lobster hatchery on mt desert island in maine . 
  boobs ? 
  probably a recent convention . 
  they seem to happen almost daily , so i wo n't hazard a guess as to which . 
  the probability of a ship being the otp of a given person is proportional to e ^ ( 20 * probability of ship becoming canon ) . 
  i rate the probability of this ship as 1 in a million , which is may be approximated as 0 . 
  therefore , the portion of the homestuck fandom that has this ship as their otp is roughly the same as the portion of the homestuck fandom that has any other near-impossible ship ( which is 1 / ( sum of shares of all ships ) ) , and is exponentially less than any actually probable ship . 
  this portion is roughly 1 / ( sum of shares of all ships ) . 
  now we only need to find out the sum of all the shares . 
  the share of every near-impossible ship is roughly 1 , so we 'll go ahead and add 5000 ( one for each impossible ship ) . 
  there 's roughly fifty ships with a significant chance of happening , and i rate the average probability of each ship as 0.5 . 
  this would make their share e ^ 10 , or about 22026 . 
  we 'll add fifty times that to the sum , to get a total of about 1106300 ( a little over a million ) . 
  by my math , the amount of people that have this ship as their otp is the amount of people in the homestuck fandom divided by 1.1 million . 
  i think that the size of the homestuck fandom is about 3 million , at an overestimate . 
  so there are probably about 2 or so people with johnxjohn as their otp . 
  enjoy . 
  ( if you think that 's an underestimate , i suggest you decrease the coefficient in the exponent . 
  i used 20 , which may be a bit too high . ), 
  it looks like earth !, 
  i can see most of the americas , as well as southeast asia , and some of asia , and the chinese coast . 
  no japan though . 
  i thought he uses the `` chaotic '' battle strategy ( although it seems to be a little more in name than in practice ) because most of science only works because the universe is consistent and non-chaotic , with universal laws that are fundamentally simple , making repeated experiments ideal for producing the same results even if performed many times . 
  since chaos is such a kryptonite to intelligent reasoning , he decided to use it against his enemies . 
  yeah , me too . 
  i think i got there from his old blog ? 
  alas , the joke would have worked if china was japan,
