  no , if you want to use the latin plural then it 's `` pelves '' , assuming it 's not a neuter noun and the noun stem is the same as the nominative ; otherwise it 's `` pelvia '' or something even weirder like `` pelvides '' ( pehl-vid-eez , or if you want to pronounce it like a roman pehl-weed-ayss ) or something . 
  i love this !, 
  :d somehow , even as a ( hobbyist ) composer , i manage to forget the nether regions of it . 
  maybe this is because i do n't compose anything that i ca n't play on the violin . 
  i 'd play it , but then again i would n't . 
  it would never come close to the actual webcomic . 
  it 'd feel like a cheap imitation of the awesomeness that the game is supposed to be . 
  unless i made a cheap imitation for the xbox , with parts of it requiring kinect . 
  and boy do i have plans . 
  but it would be such a massive effort that i 'd need to hire tons of artists and programmers . 
  but it would be inspeaxanlt epic . 
  wow i managed to mess that one up . 
  unspeakably epic intell you . 
  what pumpkins ? 
  oh man , i must thank portal heavily for allowing people to go , `` oh yeah makes sense '' for this sort of thing . 
  what sorts of things the human mind can visualize with this sort of experience !, 
  oh , by the way , something i thought you guys might get a kick out of : i have realized that i have officially not programmed my a.i. 
  to love . 
  hitboxes man, 
  i like that idea !, 
  so , since words are short to write and say , reduplicate them as a diminutive ... english `` so-so '' ? 
  pshh , i 've already ranted about that elsewhere . 
  then his spelling is totally correct . 
  seriously though . 
  one more thing : chamomile tea cures everything . 
  i think this removes a lot of the challenge , because the point of missile command is that your shot will only strike someways after you 've fired it ( unless you are using the middle tower , which fires pretty much instantaneously ) . 
  your finger , however , can teleport anywhere on the grid at once . 
  \\* facepalm *, 
  not even gon na say it . 
  hahaha , i have so many fun memories of phantom tnt ... 
  well , he probably looked some of those up from places like the wiki , although likely having experienced a lot of these himself . 
  that happens with everything irrespective of temperature . 
  the electrons around a nucleus are \\* probably * always about that far away from it ; they get closer in if the nucleus is heavier and attracts them more , but the whole thing is essentially always empty space . 
  it 's not supposed to be the gels , it 's supposed to be a facsimile of the portals . 
  maybe someone wanted to employ the burning-bush trick , but his mine cart accidentally ran away and ended up in a lake . 
  i think it sounds cooler than `` regardless . '', 
  ( see ? 
  now i 'm placing my periods * inside * my quotation marks for you . 
  what have i done ? ), 
  how does one get so much cobblestone?i do n't like using generators , and i do n't have time to mine it while i 'm going spelunking ... 
  fine , replaced it with `` irrespective '' for y' all . 
  i think there 's always a time and place for grammatical and lexical elements considered to be uncouth and not part of `` proper '' language . 
  they convey different things to the mind . 
  for example , witness this construction :, 
  `` geez i changed it already why are you still going on about it '', 
  `` geez , i 've changed it already . 
  why are you still going on about it ? '', 
  they are both felt differently by the reader 's mind , and the choice of using one or the other can make subtle distinctions . 
  i regard incorrect grammar , spelling , and capitalization as a morpheme in its own right , as they change the meaning of a sentence like anything else . 
  but the `` irregardless '' thing was just a fuckup . 
  needs more bridges ( i 've only been to amsterdam ), 
  so b % rafe, 
  much prudoctiver, 
  food ? 
  edit : goddamn it , i forgot that this was n't r/minecraftcirclejerk . 
  i 'll leave it up here for posterity anyway . 
  hiw does it wrokl, 
  i find it to possible to play even one-on-one ... 
  [ too fucking late ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2007/12/09/magazine/09wirelessenergy.html ), 
  sign me up !, 
  approximants are consonants , too . 
  if you insist otherwise , i will be starting a union . 
  eheheh there was a deleted comment here about how she should come out the same way she went in :, 
   it still does n't work right , she would n't come out of each portal flipped 180 degrees from how she entered the other portal . 
  she 'd either go in right side up and come out right side up , or go in upside down and come out upside down . 
  it 's okay , we all make mistakes . 
  or an epic combat of empires , as my friend and i like to think of it . 
  just upvoted everyone here . 
  ( except a couple douchebags ) my hand hurts , never doing this again . 
  i want this as my headstone . 
  except with a sforzando and a d.s. 
  the coda would be located in outer space . 
  i figured it for some annelid at first . 
  you 're obviously being downvoted because of your incorrect application of `` shall '' in the third person . 
  :p \\* braces for downvotes *, 
  you do n't even have to have seen spaceballs , just have heard the term `` comb the sands '' enough to remember it . 
  thank you , now i 'm fuckin ' hungry for that and only that . 
  well , maybe with tabasco on it . 
  ( even shakespeare did n't use `` shall '' correctly . ), 
  is this a reference to an american tv show i 'm not getting ? 
  now i ca n't stop not looking at my nose , which i say is worse because it wastes processing time in my brain . 
  what i do n't even, 
  depth , obviously . 
  he has monitors behind his monitors . 
  ultimate 3d experience . 
  all of the toy story games were actually quite good . 
  i remember being so sad when the initial pc version would n't run on xp . 
  so do i , but was it the same game ? 
  i know the more appropriate place to rant would be a star wars thread , but where is the fucking barycenter ? 
  and how do you have a fucking desert planet in a circumbinary orbit ? 
  how far is it fucking orbiting ? 
  three miles ? 
  the fuck ? 
  honestly , this makes me think of arabic rather than, 
  then you get the flu and die a painful death . 
  it 's hindi , get it right, 
  especially the costa concordia, 
  as i writhed in agony , the mismatched number vibrating and piercing through my mind , my very soul , over and over , i thought only one thing ... 
  * there is no hell . 
  only oblivion .
