  oh , so it relates cosmic latte to the color of semen ? 
  i think i understand now . 
  i think the downvotes are coming from an instinctive negative reaction to the phrase `` that 's what she said '' , due to a strong association with middle-schoolers and immaturity in general . 
  that 's not a good reason , but i * can * think of a good one : it 's an overused joke . 
  ( then again , so is `` why did chicken cross the road '' , but maybe that also deserves to die . 
  or maybe we need at least one joke that we consciously acknowledge is old . ), 
  i agree with your rating . 
  although maybe the only objective rating of a joke is whether your audience likes it . 
  on reddit that would be upvotes over views , putting your rating at a 0 . 
  oh well , better luck next time . 
  i wonder whether the people that dislike reposts dislike reruns on tv . 
  instead , they 're an attempt to get useful irl points ( money ) . 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  ( although a rerun does n't directly contribute to inward cash flow , it makes the channel more worthwhile for people who miss first screenings , and makes them more likely to pay for the channel . ), 
  well , if you have to ask ... 
  why do you think the people who are downvoting you want to starve themselves ? 
  maybe they just have empathy or something . 
  i 'd call it a diet rather than a religion . 
  oh , i thought they were the same person . 
  hmm , i certainly have n't noticed any glaring inconsistencies . 
  science seems to be working quite well so far . 
  i 'm an engineer . 
  most of my life revolves around what i read in books . 
  that 's a misleading false equivalence , though . 
  my books are backed up by scientific data and many experiements , and do n't conflict with anything else i 've read . 
  if i encounter a book that says something differently than any other books , then i scrutinize it very carefully . 
  this process would lead me to reject breatharian literature . 
  however , i believe their deaths were wrong , because i operate on the principle that all humans have nearly identical psychologies with only subtle variations . 
  to me , this implies that all humans deserve everything equally , since they are more or less interchangeable for one another . 
  this again implies that , since i deserve to live ( which i hold a given ) , they also deserve to live . 
  also , four beautiful and ( somewhat ) irreplaceable intelligences were lost . 
  those people no longer exist . 
  there are people who miss them , and people who interacted with them . 
  do you really think that that 's how it should be ? 
  rtfm, 
  intelligence correlates very heavily with age . 
  stupid opinions correlate very heavily inversely with age . 
  bullheadedness about one 's opinions is statistically the highest when one is a teenager . 
  that person is statistically likely to be a teenager , and a known teenager is statistically likely to be an idiot . 
  that 's not something you can ignore or change . 
  also , only teenagers use the word `` ageism '' . 
  does germany count ? 
  go with biology . 
  there 's a running impression that biologists are highly allergic to math . 
  some biological fields do require more advanced math ( like computational biology requires up to vector calculus if you 're unlucky ) , but you do n't have to bump into those if you do n't want to . 
  also , you want to study vaccines and diseases . 
  that 's biology . 
  this got in the way of me attempting suicide every single fucking time . 
  i kept thinking about how distraught my friends and parents would be if i killed myself , which i did n't wish on them for some reason . 
  ( i have little to no natural empathy for anybody , so it 's funny that it 's empathy that got in the way . ), 
  i just wanted to disappear , but that was impossible . 
  thank you , i feel like reddit needed an account that mocks people for thinking that they are deep or trying to appear deep . 
  i am fed up with it . 
  also , `` recitar '' from * pagliacci * by leoncavallo . 
  hmm . 
  i know that steel is about 8 times denser than water , putting it at 8 gcc ( same as iron btw ) , and an suv is about ... 1.5 m by 3m by 2m , bounding box-wise ? 
  but not all of that bounding box is filled up ; i 'd guess maybe 1/8 of it at most . 
  so that brings the density of that box down to 1 gcc . 
  the bounding box is 9 m ^ ( 2 ) , which is 9000000 ( nine million ) cc . 
  multiplied by 1 gcc , that 's 9 million grams , or 9000 kg . 
  we 're partway there !, 
  alas , i forgot any useful chemical constants , so i 'll have to use something else . 
  there is a meter on my honda fit that tells me what my gas mileage currently is . 
  when i 'm going at 40 mph , it tells me that my mileage is 25 mpg , which i 'll take as baseline . 
  the mass of my honda is , calculated the same ways as for the suv , ( 1/8 ) times 8 gcc times 1.5 meters times 2.1 meters times 1.8 meters is 1 gcc times 5.67 m ^ 3 is 1 gcc times 5670000 cc is 5670000 g is 5670 kg . 
  this makes its weight 9.8 m/s ^ 2 times 5670 kg = 55566 n . this means that one gallon of gas has about 25 mi times 55566 n = 40233.6 m times 55566 n = about 2240000000 ( 2-point-24 billion plus ) joules of usable energy in it . 
  wow , that hardly makes any sense !, 
  i 'm as surprised as you are . 
  this does n't look correct , but the inaccuracies should cancel out later on . 
  now the home stretch : an suv is supposed to be able to go from 0 to 60 ( about freeway speed ) in about 6 seconds ( the average max acceleration of a car ) , which is an acceleration of 10 mph . 
  integrate that over time twice and you get 5 mph times t ^ ( 2 ) , the function of the position of the car . 
  for t after 6 seconds , you get a distance of 5 mph times 36 s ^ 2 = 5/3600 mi/s ^ 2 times 36 s ^ 2 = 5/100 mi = 1/20 mi = about 80.5 m . our final answer is 1 gallon times 80.5 m times 9000 kg times 9.8 m/s ^ 2 divided by 2240000000 joules . 
  i 'll save you all the tedious calculation and just present the final answer : 3.170e-6 gallons . 
  ( that 's 0.0000003170 gallons ), 
  edit : wow , mine is the longest and least accurate out of any others on this page . 
  oh well , i 'll keep it ; i 'll chalk it up to not knowing stuff . 
  and here i was wondering what the `` omega tau '' setting did on mathematica . 
  does n't necessarily mean you 're wrong , though . 
  i am very soft-spoken and never ever raise my voice in an argument , but when the other party does ( and believe me , in can get * very * loud ) , i do n't dismiss their idea unilaterally . 
  ideas are independent of their proponents . 
  and so we both end up learning from each other . 
  although , i have n't gotten anyone to change their mind about anything significant . 
  that 's okay . 
  i wo n't use rhetoric if i want someone to think for themselves . 
  i 'm with you here . 
  i really do n't like prescriptivists . 
  it would be ideal to represent them as a function , but it 's computationally easier to just have some samples and guess the rest of the function from them , because it changes over time in complex ways that i ca n't be bothered to simulate precisely . 
  also , if you have some particular points , then you can associate them with particular objects , so you do n't have to bother tracking all the other points when you want to use it for something , assuming all the other points are far enough away to be irrelevant . 
  thank you for the metaballs link ; i will be sure to see what i can do with those . 
  the problem is , amplitude is continuous and thoroughly twice-differentiable ; amplitude blobs behave more like the addition of an snd to the distribution with a mean of whatever the thing is . 
  defining a discrete area wo n't do much good . 
  i 'd like to try using a cheap approximation of an [ mvn ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/multivariate_normal_distribution ) to achieve a similar effect , but i do n't know how to make it so that i can do both blobby shapes and plaid shapes simultaneously at the same time , in addition to anything else that might crop up ( wave shapes , for example ) . 
  i ca n't generalize it enough , is what is the issue here . 
  for the plaid shapes , i can probably just let the covariance of the mvn go to infinity on a particular axis . 
  but of course i have to figure out how to approximate that , since no matter how expansive c++ is , that 's one thing that i 'm sure is not going to be in its libraries . 
  most irl glitches are consistent . 
  this , however , is a story , where you 're not allowed to scrutinize its elements too closely . 
  what possible evidence do you have for that !, 
  ( i discount the username in advance . 
  i 've seen many similar usernames that did n't have any controversial posts whatsoever .
