  i am willing to change if a set of formal axioms tells me so . 
  having justified beliefs is better than having beliefs that you are comfortable with . 
  this is why i want a bottom-up justification , because a top-down justification is rationalization and bad . 
  i am much more unsure than i seem ; i am firm only in my belief in the equality of genders , races , and sexualities , and only four-state sexualities at that ( likes/doesn ' t like men , likes/doesn ' t like women ; i do n't really know the difference between bisexuality and pansexuality so i do n't know whether the latter fits into that ) . 
  i am unsure whether i should be defending anything beyond that , which is why i want to formalize it so that i can derive the proper theorems . 
  i agree with you about paragraphs 3 and 4 . 
  i agree with you about paragraph 5 , but at what point does `` stop oppressing me '' become not an okay argument to use ? 
  as a rationalist , i ca n't tolerate highly improbable beliefs , unless it damages the physical/psychological integrity of the other party . 
  that 's an internal axiom that i use ( and do n't follow through on a lot , because i 'd be a real dick if i did ; i do n't have time for that nonsense anyway ) . 
  what really is oppression , in the sense that `` stop oppressing me '' ca n't then be used as a catch-all semantic stop-sign for arguments ? 
  you can still respect and empathize with a person on the other side of an argument , and you can also leave them alone if they ask , but when is it unreasonable to leave them alone , out of a sense of caring for the other person and wishing them to go through life with less paranoia/delusion/etc . 
  i submitted him to / r/reportthespammers . 
  i think they 're silly too , but how do i justify that ? 
  if i have any beliefs , i want them all to be justified . 
  otherwise i might actually have to accept them that way . 
  it can go either way , because i am missing some sort of connection here . 
  right sorry, 
  more properly , i mean that it does not make a difference whether you have a y chromosome in your genes or not, 
  hmm . 
  so , essentially , just do n't worry about it ? 
  i guess that can be done , although that 's not the kind of answer that i was looking for . 
  ( i have friends who use tumblr , and pick this stuff up . 
  odds are i 'm eventually going to interact with a tumblr user who does n't think this is silly ; what would i say to them ? ), 
  man , i hope he did n't get any weird diseases from that . 
  my mother always told me that if i disturbed my melanocytes , the benign tumor would suddenly stop being benign real fast . 
  i guess you have to do the whole thing in one shot ? 
  i had to read it for history , not english . 
  i liked it a lot !, 
  some people are just enthusiastic !, 
  right , that was my statement . 
  or i guess then if genes is useless as a thing to declare for that theorem , then we can go with `` whatever gender a person identifies as '' . 
  well , apparently swedes do n't like finns , so that explains that . 
  do n't forget that they 're also a propulsion engine when you 're on skates . 
  are you serious , for real ? 
  i mean , even accounting for hyperbole ... 
  not necessarily . 
  caught-up fans only experience that when hussie is doing something new , like the trickster bullshit we experienced for a few weeks , and the scratch panels a while back , and when we met wv in person . 
  it says `` permalink '' right below it, 
  reason i 'm asking 's that i 'm trying to decide how to deal with it . 
  ( i 'm not specifically mad at the offensive party , but at the offensive idea in general . ), 
  edit : wow , everyone has it way worse than me !, 
  thank you for comforting me . 
  i somehow did n't feel very provoked by the quoted text , because i tried to rationally consider the issue and found several places in her argument that i could give a reasonable counterargument . 
  ( i doubt she would listen , which is a zillion times more infuriating if she has actual physical power over me , like men do currently over women . 
  i feel that this is an important difference between being a male and reading this , and being a woman and having to deal with this from everyone . ), 
  i did n't dismiss her ; instead i was confident that i could rationally defend myself . 
  this kept me from being offended . 
  please note that i 'm not trying to minimize the experience of women with sexism -- far from it . 
  what i mean is that perhaps reading the work of a second-wave radical feminist with a flawed argument might not be an effective way to let men briefly experience sexism personally . 
  i am using myself as a case study as a demonstration . 
  i agree . 
  i 'm very lonely , so i considered posting mine . 
  ( i was too lazy to do so . 
  too much loot ! ), 
  have you ever taken real analysis or something ? 
  if so , remember spivak 's calculus ? 
  well , funnily enough , spivak 's other accomplishment , besides that excellent calculus textbook , was that he invented another set of gender-neutral pronouns : e , em , eirs ; later modified to ey , em , eirs . 
  i think they 're elegant , because they 're just `` they '' without the `` th '' at the beginning . 
  i want to empathize with the oppression of women . 
  i 'm not keeping myself from experiencing negative feelings . 
  i just ca n't get angry at an argument that i can find holes in , and at a speaker who honestly believes their argument for reasons that they can make clear . 
  there 's patience to be lost when a speaker ca n't make an argument rationally , but patience is plentiful , and education is easy . 
  i 'm not alone in that , either . 
  i guess the way that this could elicit an emotional response is if i had to hear it all the time , and that it had personal consequences for me , which is what happens to women . 
  so if i could experience something like that , then i would be forced to empathize with them . 
  i try anyway , but i do n't experience that . 
  ( i guess if i tried to force myself to forget to apply rationality to the opposing argument , i 'd start to fail to consider the reasons that led to that argument , and i could get angry at it , but i 'd be completely distracted by how wrong that feels in the first place to consider my other emotions . ), 
  well , stuff , i guess . 
  a close friend of mine insulted logic itself , and used that to dismiss my argument about certain pressing issues . 
  i spent the entire day really angry , and then realized that the word that i was looking for was `` offended '' . 
  usually i reason through being insulted , so that 's why this so devastating ( plus `` close friend '' ) . 
  i was successfully able to reason through it , though , so i 'm no longer angry at anything or anyone . 
  thank you for caring !, 
  junior high ? 
  converting hours into minutes , and then doing division of small numbers , is junior high ? 
  would n't this be more suitable for elementary schoolers ? 
  i was thinking 4th graders specifically . 
  wait , i do n't understand what commonly-held beliefs you 're contradicting . 
  it is generally agreed that , throughout history , people have had different reasons for having and not having sex . 
  you 're saying that the reason that sex exists in the first place * is n't * a biological one ( rooted in evolutionary psychology ) ? 
  or are you saying that the * desire * for sex does not have a biological background , and is artificial and its existence is dependent on what society you live in ? 
  or something else ? 
  also , would n't the historical existence of prostitutes be evidence against the latter hypothesis ? 
  even victorian england had prostitutes , did n't it ? 
  so then if `` sex for pleasure '' was a nonexistent concept , then what were brothels for ? 
  i do n't really watch movies . 
  i read textbooks . 
  i 'm really boring . 
  edit : i occasionally like to read fiction , though , and i guess how i deal with that is that instead of seeing it as a story to temporarily believe , i either look at it as a prediction of how things would happen , given a particular set of parameters ( like , `` invention of time travel by x means '' or something ) , or a philosophical argument that the author is making , or a puzzle to attempt to figure out , given a set of priors ( and if my hypothesis is falsified , then i look to see whether the problem is on my side or the author 's side ) , and evaluate it on those terms . 
  i have n't read fiction in a really long time , though . 
  i hear the dune series is good . 
  i was n't assuming that it was a constant throughout history , so that 's good . 
  if he actually really , really enjoys it , then it 's not a problem . 
  if doing one or more of those things is only a reaction to being bored , then there 's a lot of things i could recommend that he do instead !, 
  there 's a lot more stuff in the world that is fun !, 
  he did n't make that up . 
  by definition , the median intelligence is the intelligence that is in the middle of all the values . 
  the amount of values below and above it have to be as close as possible ( and may differ by no more than 1 ) . 
  also , an iq of 100 is , by definition , the median iq . 
  not if it 's * permanently flying dramatically in the wind *,
