  we even know ( well , more suppose ) that n , k , and x stand for ~ ~ nitrogen , potassium , and x-rays ~ ~ neon , krypton , and xenon . 
  but what are , for sure , p , t , and m ? 
  and other stuff too , like unsolved denizen shit . 
  sounding more and more like caliborn 's planet by the minute . 
  in that case , they would [ already be here ] ( / lime ) . 
  ( / lime ) does n't work anymore ? 
  have you tried interning ? 
  it works * as intended * . 
  hey . 
  when i created an account , / r/theoryofreddit was one of the first subreddits i subscribed to . 
  ( the defaults do n't count ; i unsubscribed from those immediately . ), 
  i.e. , save it to reddit . 
  why do n't you just keep being logged in ? 
  long article , very worthwhile read . 
  i 'm interested to see how this situation turns out . 
  it being for the better seems like a very tangible possibility now . 
   sadly , i think they 're being set up for the next big fad . 
  it 's atheism today , maybe it 's something a bit more sinister tomorrow . 
  men who stand for nothing fall for anything . 
  i do n't find atheism sinister at all . 
  it does n't seem like something easily replaced by anything `` more '' sinister . 
   to them , science and religion can not coexist . 
  i do n't think they ca n't coexist ( obviously , they have already done so for centuries ) , but they certainly seem to be mutually exclusive at some points . 
  we have to constantly reinterpret our religion to fit it in accordance with what is empirical . 
  the r/atheists are n't right about them being complete antitheses , but religion certainly is in science 's way sometimes . 
  i mean places in the bible that contradict scientific knowledge ; most glaringly , genesis . 
  there is no firmament , and things were n't created in the order described . 
  we never had 100 + lifespans as an average , the human race is n't descended from two people , and no one has ever grown from a rib . 
  languages developed slowly over time , not all at once around a particular tower . 
  we can reinterpret these , however . 
  the firmament is the edge of the universe . 
  things were only conceived in the order described , and later brought into being in a logical order . 
  i ca n't justify the rest of the things , but i 'm sure that someone more adept at out-of-the-box thinking than me can come up with valid ways to explain those with science . 
  we can make it fit . 
  but can we do this forever ? 
  as science keeps explaining more and more things , those things will inevitably fall under the vast reach of religion , as well . 
  so simple to say that it is a lie !, 
  so simple to say that these things were thought up by * people * , with incomplete , uninformed ideas to comfort in the face of the unknown , passed off with the false name of a creator slapped on as credibility !, 
  would we rather twist our text ? 
  or disregard it altogether ? 
  the latter urge must grow with time as the scripture tangles and catches in science 's expanding breadth . 
  but then when * will * they learn about mitosis ? 
  scarily , it was never actually officially taught to me . 
  i learned it from a book in second grade . 
  i never stated that science holds all or any of absolute truths !, 
  nor am i attempting to rally against the bible !, 
  i 'm simply bringing up an issue , perhaps somewhat too dramatically . 
  ( i do n't apologize for it , however . 
  i like being dramatic . ), 
  i believe , and want to believe , that science and religion can coexist , and each be useful in their own way . 
  but on topics covered by both , which they contradict each other on , it has traditionally been religion that has bent around science . 
  this may become a problem in the future as it continues to encroach on territory that has historically been the property of religion . 
  i do n't mind altering my faith to accomodate the scientific view . 
  they are backed up by empiricism . 
  but there 's no way that i 'm letting science destroy my faith . 
  there is something to be gained from it , as you described , that is n't from science . 
  the best i can hope for is that the two will resolve their differences and interweave peacefully . 
  math . 
  no problem ; this is why i visit reddit !, 
  facebook , probably . 
  edit : holy shit i 'm right , this is n't surprising at all . 
  seemed long to me ; i 'm using an iphone , and it was very late at night . 
  the paragraphs just kept coming . 
  edit : `` paragraohs '' ? 
  really ? 
  \\* fixed *, 
  what makes you say that ? 
  it 's not that i recognized that the defaults were `` circlejerks '' . 
  it 's just that they were n't relevant to my interests . 
  hence why it took me several weeks to unsub from / r/gaming , and even longer to unsub from / r/politics . 
  i wasn ' f being serious ; there 's no way that that could happen . 
  how did you recognize that it was you ? 
  was it labelled ? 
  do you have an identifying personal characteristic ( mohawk , three fingers on each hand , sunglasses , missing ear , etc. 
  but they point to good links ... 
  i now know much more about armor through the ages , for example . 
  and linguistics . 
  ( well , okay . 
  i wrote the linguistics post . ), 
  freedom is a social safety net and weed ... 
   when that currency is shared by all of europe ( except the uk ), 
  uhh . 
  more like slightly more than half . 
  shoulda limed it . 
  he paints his words with calliope 's blood now . 
  [ like this . 
  ] ( / lime ), 
  yeah , but that 's not the majority of the links . 
  that 's a small portion compared to all the good ones that pop up . 
  they do n't break it for me . 
  eh , i misspelled it oaragraohs before i corrected it while typing it . 
  i 'm not used to a qwerty keyboard . 
  yeah , but we do n't have that exact color , so we can use ( / lime ) . 
  i measured it : # 0aff48 . 
  ( this is from le 's [ girl . 
  ] ( / lime ) ), 
  hey . 
  juggalos are * badass . 
  do you like [ xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com ) ? 
  this is my theory as well .
