  rather , you run the game from start to finish a bunch of times and see whether the distribution of outcomes matches the distribution of outcomes you would have expected starting irl from when the game began . 
  and it ca n't be that our history 's done the most predictable thing every time . 
  or else you get hari seldon 's apparently infallible psychohistory . 
  ( i 'm thinking of making my own , much smaller paradox-like game , and i 'm looking for ways to test whether it 's `` realistic '' or not . 
  obviously i ca n't do it by being completely reductionist , but it 's highly parametrizable , so i can still make it come out `` historically '' . ), 
  my phone ca n't render schwas so i have no way of knowing whether this is actually completely blank or not, 
  that also fits many philippine languages except for the part about a massive phonology, 
  i just go to the province screen, 
  seriously though , as someone with a slow computer and no aow , is using templates different from using the mass hire screen ? 
  is that malay ? 
  spot on , there 's been lots of articles about this . 
  i did like the `` mom and pop '' internet better though, 
   `` and it ca n't be that our history 's done the most predictable thing every time . '', 
  that 's a very good point -- but one that supports the great man theory ; great men introduce unlikely events : that 's what makes them great men . 
  but there 's other confounding forces than great men , are n't there ? 
  the mongols were n't great at navies , but their invasion of japan especially failed because a storm forced them to reembark or else risk being marooned in japan . 
  or , i 'm sure lots of people have made important decisions that they were n't very sure of , and could easily have picked some other choice if they were feeling a little different that day . 
  i do n't think that stuff usually turns up in the historical record though . 
  to be fair if you get these you 're either poaching them or fucking them, 
  you could also drag the opposite node inwards , it 's much more fine of a movement, 
  i 'm sure this will sway lots and lots of opinions, 
  my progression was weird , it was asm -  c -  common lisp . 
  how was starting out in scheme ? 
  are functional languages really harder to approach than imperative ones like people claim ? 
  the criteria for being an endangered language is not based only on the absolute number of speakers ; it is based on the growth ( or lack thereof ) as well . 
  they could be severed, 
  i do n't wan na stop calling eu4 a genocide simulator !, 
  it 's edgy , and half accurate, 
  we put them to shame !, 
  i wonder if there 's a market for conlangers in south america, 
  why does every split-depth gif on reddit belong in / r/shittytumblrgifs ? 
  ( inb4 : `` well , they take a lot of time to edit , so people only do short ones '' ... fair point , but i 've seen people pour tons of work into gifs on reddit before ), 
  honestly in the programming community , every opinion is controversial . 
  we all love to one-up each other , it seems . 
  just the other day , i made an offhand comment mentioning scheme , and started an argument about what a functional language was . 
  ( the insidious thing about this comment is that if anyone disagrees with it , i can claim it supports my point ! ), 
  k is at least somewhat intuitive . 
  when i read apl i feel like i 'm reading bytecode . 
  ( the fact that it replaces the keyboard does n't help in coding it , either . ), 
  are there any alternatives ? 
  i just want less bloat and more options . 
  are n't games relatively quick , though ? 
  in most shooters , for example , you can rack up 100 games in less than a year . 
  is n't lol on the same timescale ? 
  now use it to oppress the oblidisks lol, 
   the ukraine, 
   the, 
  commie detected, 
  reddit leans more pseudo-intellectual than anti-intellectual on sociology and related topics . 
  have you seen all the evo psych bullshit upvoted in eli5 ? 
  i do n't mean to say that all evo psych is bullshit , but that reddit comes up with uniquely stupid things relating to it , e.g. 
  `` accents sound sexy because having sex with people from further away helps genetic diversity '', 
  i think the thread originator meant ancaps , but honestly it 's not a great description , just hyperbole . 
  whenever i invade the aztecs as animists , i listen only to `` livin ' the vida loca '', 
  ( in hungarian we do call them elems , which is strange because we usually preserve latin words exactly ), 
  how did the integration complete during a war ? 
  does n't it normally halt ? 
  or did it complete before he declared , and then ... err ... 
  first , op enabled autonomous suppression of rebels on them, 
  then , some rebels sprung up in a neighboring province, 
  meanwhile , russia went to the province , occupied it , and left, 
  the stack got done with the rebels , and returned to the province, 
  nope ? 
  wait , you can core next to subjects ? 
  i 'm currently trying to maximize the potential of a sulu run , and i figured a great way to hopscotch to europe was to vassalize someone in north africa and integrate , but they were sadly out of the coring range . 
  if i can core stuff next to them , this changes everything ... 
  edit : it seems to only work on the same continent , as you said , but that means if i vassalize two neighboring countries in , say , the middle east , i can annex one ... wow , that 's powerful . 
  i view trivia crack as a really shitty version of quizup . 
  just play quizup instead !, 
  we play a house-ruled version sometimes that the hex occupied by the robber gives a random resource each time , as opposed to no resource . 
  for that we do need a shuffled resource deck !, 
  on the other hand it 's great for art , especially ms paint-type art . 
  not that it invalidates your point , but not every image is a photo !, 
  a tiny uralic tree ? 
  toplel 0/8 m8 1v1 me irl n00b get fucken #shrekt sc ( h ) rub , uralic stronk, 
  but seriously that is criminal underrepresentation . 
  sami alone should be , like , ten languages , and so should the samoyedic languages . 
  it makes it look like the uralic languages have far less diversity than ie ones . 
  granted , there 's far less speakers , but this is n't doing all of the disappearing languages any favors . 
  it looks like , `` well , there 's the finns and the hungarians and some russian minorities and maybe some reindeer people but who cares about them . '', 
  often when uralic languages are brought up on ~ ~ this sub ~ ~ / r/linguistics , people say , `` wow , it 's so big and diverse , i never knew that ! '', 
  this is why . 
  i understand about number of speakers , but people are going to assume that more branches represents more diversity , and this makes it look like the uralic languages are a lot less diverse than they really are . 
  even different dialects of mansi are mutually unitinelligible , while the ie side has multiple branches for serbian and croatian , and multiple branches for danish and norwegian . 
  it 's unfair ; either collapse branches on the left or create more branches on the right . 
  a good phylogeny represents genetic distance with visual distance . 
   why not roll a dice to pick a random one ? 
  just number resources 1-5 and 6 is either none or reroll . 
  that 's tedious , and less well-distributed . 
  a shuffled deck eliminates any questions about `` what if i get more than one '' , and wastes less time rolling . 
   a random resource is probably better in a lot of cases . 
  i might put the robber on myself if i have a 6 or 8 with a resource i do n't need and take my chances with getting a more rare resource . 
  yeah , that 's the point !, 
  you 're supposed to balance the benefit of the theft with the drawback of giving the other guy a variety of resources . 
  however , it 's not actually that great . 
  you 'd think they 'd stock up on the different sorts of resources pretty quick , but even 6s and 8s do n't get rolled that often before another 7 gets rolled . 
  a white heteronormative cisgendered ceo professor and baptist preacher was teaching a class on karl rove , known christian . 
  `` before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship jesus christ and accept that you too can become straight through daily prayer , self-flagellation , and eating chik-fil-a every day ! '', 
  at this moment , a brave , trans-asian , self-diagnosed pansexual demiromantic vegan multisouled person who had been free of all animal products and only bought products at the local transgender co-op boldly stood up , holding a glass filled with some white liquid . 
  `` hey , professor , what is this ? '',
