  i like chiptunes , and want to create my own . 
  composing on a gameboy sounds great . 
  i 'd imagine integer , as a number of cents . 
  make sure to typedef it as currency , though . 
  edit : [ or what this guy says . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/vuf6l/worst_c_tutorial_ever/c57ukhn ), 
  what if the opening brace is offscreen ? 
  so far from the closing brace that they ca n't be seen together ? 
  granted , it 's still possible to collapse the thing ... 
  now do assignment !, 
  or / r/programminghorror . 
  since i ca n't do that , can you recommend a site that converts regular pics into things that look like they were a picture taken of a monitor ? 
  preferably crt . 
  this needs to be a thing . 
  pfffffffft . 
  i started brogramming in c . then html . 
  mine is [ how high do you have to be to do something like that ... . . ] ( / dunkass ) . 
  huh !, 
  wow ... 
  how dreamselves work is different for everybody . 
  john 's vanished when he woke up . 
  dirk 's never sleeps ; he 's both at the same time . 
  roxy 's is really hard to wake up , jade 's never needed waking up , neither did jane 's , solluxander had two , etc. ... 
   some, 
   times, 
  ftfy, 
  no wait . 
   som3t1m3s, 
  god no . 
  taking the latin plural is the worst thing you can do to a word . 
  watch : octophnnnnnnnnnnng . 
  ( not like that word is latin anyway ) also intuition tells me that the plural of hiatus is hiatera in latin , not hiati . 
  edit : no wait , i 'm stupid ; - us in the third declension is neuter , so hiatera , not - eres, 
  ahahaha just how high do you even have to be ... ... ... 
  get a fucking telescope and enjoy it you fat nasty trash, 
   it is good to see jerks from subreddits that are under 100k subscribers . 
  what is wrong with you . 
  first i was like ( because i am on a mobile device ) , `` holy shit please let this not be / r/science '' . 
  then i saw that it was / r/til , and was relieved . 
  jeez , circlebroking is starting to sound like weather reports . 
  why do we report circlejerks ? 
  any way we can turn this into a science ? 
  you 're an atheist ? 
  the * first and best thing * to do right now is unsubscribe from / r/atheism . 
  in fact , all of the default subreddits , unless you like terrible content . 
  not if him existing can have a direct bearing on your life . 
  who cares what a single , anonymous person on the internet thinks about you ? 
  i mean , not about you , but about humanity in general . 
  really , just fuck him . 
  things that i take your side about :, 
   the universe was made by a guy like us , except he 's magic . 
  he also created all of us , but had to become his own son and get killed by romans so he could stop being mad at us . 
  he cares very much who we have sex with . 
  do n't worry , it 's not everybody , and in fact the minority of redditors . 
   humans have a special part of them called a `` soul '' , which can not be seen , heard , felt , or measured in any way , but it makes us totally different from other animals . 
  oh , and it survives after death and makes us immortal . 
  there 's consciousness ( itself an illusion ) , certainly , but no soul . 
   humans are instinctively monogamous , and mate for life . 
  some people believe this . 
  others know better , but still stay monogamous for a variety of reasons . 
   motherhood , a job you can get by accident , which has no prerequisites , which has no performance evaluations , and which you can not be fired from unless you commit some sort of crime , is the most difficult job on the planet . 
  also the most important . 
  most stressful . 
  pretty important . 
  but not hardest or most important . 
   if women were in charge , there would n't be any wars or anything , because women are inherently nicer . 
  but pointing out any inherent difference between the sexes is sexist , therefore evil , therefore incorrect . 
  i do n't think anyone actually believes anything similar to this . 
   everyone has a special thing called `` free will '' which means they , and they alone , are in control of their actions at all times . 
  unless a psychologist talks with them for half an hour and says otherwise . 
  i do n't see how that part about psychology is relevant or true ( as in the proposition that it is a commonly held belief is true ) , but it 's not your point . 
  i guess the whole thing depends on how you define free will . 
   psychologists can cure deep-seated mental traumas by talking to people every week for * exactly as long as their insurance is willing to pay for * . 
  maybe we can allow for a gradient of more cured/less cured , but sure . 
  the parts of your post that i disagree with you about :, 
   cutting off a little girl 's clitoris is horrible mutilation , but cutting off a boy 's foreskin is a simple medical procedure , not harmful in any way , and with many health benefits . 
  male circumcision has been statistically , enpirically proven to reduce rates of various diseases . 
  female circumcision has only led to pain and blood . 
  i do n't know why we 're even comparing the two ; they 're two different organs . 
  the names for the two practices are a misnomer when you look at it physically . 
   there are these things called right and wrong , which are rules built into the universe . 
  they exist outside of cultural custom and societal context . 
  no one believes this . 
  the first step in ethics is to recognize that it 's entirely a human construct . 
   violence is bad and unproductive and never solved anything or helped anyone . 
  it 's not that it 's never solved anything for anyone , it 's just that we prefer alternatives . 
   women are oppressed in our society , and have been oppressed in all major cultures throughout recorded history . 
  jesus christ open a history book or something . 
  as for the present , it might be pretty cushy for them in the usa ( although there 's * still * a pay gap , and they are still constantly objectivized by men , whether self-consciously or not ) , but that 's not the entire world . 
  many cultures still expect husbands to have dominion over them and such . 
  if you want an example , take the arabian peninsula . 
   for six years after puberty , humans are mentally deficient and unable to handle responsibility , meaningfully consent to sex , or govern their own lives . 
  once that six years is up , they suddenly become fully-capable adults . 
  this comment sort of makes me doubt that you are a legal adult . 
  the reason we have these limits is that we have to have limits at some point ( because teenagers are still pretty full of themselves , at least a majority of them , and i would n't recommend them buying houses ) , and the limit has to be the `` lowest common denominator '' , the point that works for almost all of them . 
  you ca n't make exceptions for people , and you ca n't have a `` gradient '' of having people be able to , say , buy alcohol . 
  you can either do it or you ca n't . 
  and until other people your age can handle it , you have to suffer . 
  deal with it . 
   the piece of dirt we were born on is better than other pieces of dirt .
