  the piece of dirt is not the thing that people tend to hold beliefs about . 
  it 's the people on the piece of dirt and the things they make . 
  ( although for particularly exceptional pieces of dirt with unique geological characteristics , it 's conceivable that one could think that that particular piece of dirt is better than certain other pieces of dirt . ), 
   of the long lies-meant-to-entertain that we write down on paper , some are better and more important than others , so important that people should go to university to study them . 
  they 're more important because more people hold them as beliefs . 
   striking or inflicting physical pain on a child is an ineffective means of discouraging undesired behaviour . 
  not that it 's not effective . 
  there 's better ways . 
   little green pieces of paper are valuable . 
  unless they are slightly different pieces of paper . 
  then they are fake and worth nothing at all . 
  holy fuck you know nothing about economics , or at least its foundations . 
  * they 're valuable * *** because *** * people believe that they have value . 
  * the fact that people believe that they are valuable * actually makes them valuable . 
  * they 're vehicles of trade !, 
  are you against money ? 
  why ? 
  it 's useful !, 
  it allows us to exchange certain things for other things , all the while keeping everyone happy . 
  like , say that i want a steak , and i am willing to guve away my bicycle . 
  there happens to be a local butcher who wants new shoes . 
  and a local shoemaker who wants a haircut . 
  now all we need is a barber who wants a bycicle !, 
  but we do n't need that barber if we have money . 
  money lubricates trade ; it helps it happen more easily . 
  the fact that it allows us to do this makes it have value . 
   some substances which alter brain function are okay and can be handled by responsible adults . 
  others are not okay , and anyone who uses them must be locked in a concrete box for many years in order to save them . 
  the difference between these two types of substances can determined by checking whether or not their sale is an established industry , with lobbyists . 
  it depends on their side effects . 
   we are a democratic society , because we have the right to choose , from among a small collection of aristocrats , who will be the one to ignore everything we want . 
  okay . 
  try being one of the aristocrats . 
  ( sorry , i 'm tired and out of arguments by this point . ), 
   anything paid for with taxes is free , and has no opportunity cost . 
  i do n't so much disagree with this as not understand it . 
  i mean , i know what all the words and phrases mean . 
  just not the sentence as a whole . 
  are you suggesting that people believe that things funded by taxes are free ? 
  because if so then you 're misunderstanding peoples ' opinions on the matter at a basic level ... 
   taking things from people by force is very wrong , unless you are a group of people called a `` government '' . 
  then it 's okay , because they all `` consented '' to give them to you , by choosing you and not someone else who would have taken the same things from them . 
  eh too tired to argue with or try to understand this one . 
  i 'll come back to it . 
   it 's some magical substance called `` calories '' that makes you fat . 
  high fructose corn syrup is perfectly safe . 
  we know this because the `` calories '' do n't have an industry or any lobbyists . 
  you really like mentioning lobbyists , do n't you ? 
  anyway , people do n't believe that corn sugar is a thing that is safe or healthy , and calories do directly convert into pounds of fat , at about 3,500 calories ( is it calories or calories ? 
  i think it 's the former , since if my memory serves me right i have occasionally seen x kcal in the hundreds and thousands ) per pound . 
   the best way to teach an energetic child important things is have them sit very still in a box with 30 other children , being told to make marks on flat pieces of wood pulp by someone who has a university degree by could n't find any other job . 
  children unable to tolerate this process have `` attention deficit disorder '' , and should be given methamphetamine equivalents to fix this . 
  again , you seem pretty sore about this . 
  but i digress . 
  if you can come up with a better way to teach children , in which they remember the same information , be my guest . 
  welp i 'm all out of criticism for now . 
  time to call it a night . 
  it should be pluralized `` octopuses '' . 
  why would n't i be ? 
  i 'm just a person who cares about reddit being intellectually stimulating . 
  i 'm not really sure . 
  wow . 
  you totally have a point . 
  i 've been looking for ways that sburb determines the characteristics of a universe . 
  specifically , the ranking algorithm is bad . 
  the earlier a vote is made , the more it matters ; this makes content easier to vote on rise to the top , as opposed to content less easy to vote on ( i.e. 
  intellectually stimulating discussion ) . 
  i really like mine , especially since it 's a valid genetic bond . 
  dude , mouse over my flair you fat nasty trash . 
  hmm . 
  if you changed the horns and added sunglasses , that could totally be equius . 
  genetic similarity , perhaps ? 
  my eyes, 
  [ circlejerk 'd . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/vvv3n/why_do_girls_think_im_creepy_when_i_tell_them/ ), 
  * evertim, 
  delete the gym , hit the lawyer , facebook up ? 
  hahaha i do ` nt read, 
  wait for the next flash ? 
  oh hey it 's this thread again . 
  i 'm also everyone . 
  all of the kids misunderstood their guardians somehow , except maybe jade . 
  john thought his dad liked clowns . 
  rose thought her mother was being passive-agressive . 
  dave thought his bro was being ironic about the weird fetishes . 
  and there 's a * ton * to misunderstand about bec . 
  / r/homestuckcirclejerk, 
  ( also , if you 're looking for the most powerful fetch modus , it 's wallet , not array ; wallet has the added capability of being able to captchalogue large things ), 
  actually , i 'm not even circumcised . 
  i do n't know anyone objectively to be circumcised , even . 
  i 'm sure some people i know are . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  you say that i believe that penile circumcision is okay because of confirmation bias . 
  disregarding empirical evidence that i have ( well , secondhand empirical evidence ; point is , nobody i know complains about penile circumcision being painful , while i hear thirdhand reports contrasting that for female circumcision ) , do you have a good method for counteracting confirmation bias ? 
  we both have our own confirmation biases , and i 'm eager to play them off against each other . 
  cite your sources and i 'll cite mine . 
  but anyway , i only attacked this because it sounded like you were advocating female circumcision . 
  and i hold strong views against this ; nobody likes female circumcision , and i 'm against things with no apparent benefit that people do n't like . 
  especially those that cause people great pain . 
  if it there was a great benefit to this , like , i dunno , each circumcised clitoris released energy equivalent to several thousand megatonnes of tnt , then i might be for harnessing it .
