  that 's the hard part of the coloring contest , you have to make it look like he 's enjoying the company . 
  since i had to shift my screen to see it : what sorts of screens do you use in radiology ? 
  are they particularly good at showing contrast ? 
  musta spread to the cs : go community too, 
  hmm i was also using a thinkpad screen , not matte though . 
  it 's cool to hear about the medical imaging monitors , they sound like exactly what you 'd need if you were trying to find subtle variations in pictures with potentially a life at stake . 
  that hungary though , it looks like it was done by an ai . 
  take more risks !, 
  dare to conquer venice , or genoa or something !, 
  ally burgundy and take over austria !, 
  accomplish the impossible !, 
  do it if you think you can manage it . 
  you should n't reduce autonomy unless you 're sure there wo n't be any rebels , or that you 'll be able to manage the rebels . 
  the `` raise autonomy '' button is a -10 unrest button ( at the cost of a little money ) ; use it . 
  also get a theologician for a further -2 unrest , if possible . 
  your army appears to be strong enough to deal with most rebels though . 
  punch first , deal with rebels later . 
  you ca n't eat all of austria in one war , but you can make them release styria , which breaks their back . 
  were these actually created by a bot ? 
  that one 's pointing out a more specific problem, 
  that perm brings tears to my eyes in its glory . 
  did it actually get any land in the partition , or was it just nominally part of it ? 
  the first partition happened under maria theresa i believe , or maybe her father charles vi . 
  ( this is hilarious because prussia and austria hated each other 's guts at the time . ), 
  i know austria took part in it , but i 'm wondering whether they got any land . 
  they actually * lost * silesia at some point , so i do n't think any polish land would be contiguous with them anyway . 
  edit : [ it seems ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_1773-1789.png ) they actually got a fair bit , including even lviv . 
  hilariously danzig remained part of lithuania . 
   how does one quantify the measure of `` difference '' between two accents ? 
  mutual intelligibility ? 
  my last ancestor who was a jellyfish was disappointingly long ago -- back in the proterozoic eon . 
  and its terminal used to be fucking * case-insensitive . 
  * i 've deleted so much important stuff on os x by being stupid with ` rm ` . 
  we lost the pieces for two of the colors at my place , so for roads we use go pieces , and for settlements and cities we use chess pieces ( pawns for settlements , not-pawns for cities ) . 
  how are you supposed to do it ? 
  3/7 is august ( us ) 3rd , jet fuel ca n't melt steel beams confirmed, 
  also `` build more armies '' -  `` reduced army cost '', 
  also colonial nations, 
  last time i checked characters were discussing how good john was at speeches, 
  hmm such a thing might work as a conscript for finnish, 
  in * google-translated * japanese, 
  you definitely need it , as i found out as perm . 
  not only that , but you also need it to * keep * integrating . 
  it sux . 
   theoretically, 
  not so theoretically either . 
  this is exactly what i did lots of times as ayutthaya . 
  water to help it float/not float, 
  most of the characters from worm , especially the villains, 
  do n't they kind of all do that ? 
  in my ayutthaya game , haiti conquered part of korea , part of manchuria , and a couple provices from japan . 
  oh , and some west african minor country successfully invaded france . 
  wtf ? 
  his parents spoke german in the home , good enough, 
  a guy who figured out the secret to reposting ? 
  maybe using a script, 
  king leopold of belgium was a deranged maniac . 
  many people in belgian congo lost their hands as a result, 
  yes , everybody knows you hit the ddos button with your * right * hand, 
  but that 's a snake mnemonic , not a flag one , is n't it ? 
  or better eyes !, 
  no , but a bornean one yes . 
  except for the fact that its selection of languages is small and kind of random . 
  memrise , i 'm sure you 've heard about . 
  yeah , but for example no russian ? 
  no * mandarin * , barely even in the works ? 
  no hindi/urdu ? 
  no form of arabic whatsoever ? 
  ( but yiddish is in the works , so funny alphabets are not a problem ? ), 
  there 's a jillion languages op could want to learn that are not on there , many of which are even in europe . 
  ( my personal peeves are that hungarian , my first language , has been at ~ 94 % completion for multiple years , and that the language i 'm learning , tagalog , is n't even in the works . 
  meanwhile they 're doing klingon . 
  how fast they acquire a language is directly proportional to the size of its online community 's presence on english internet . ), 
  that 's an excuse that does n't change the fact that it 's useless if op is looking for a language duolingo does n't have . 
  it * is * an excuse , and a good one . 
  it just unfortunately does n't help . 
  have n't heard that one before, 
  heheheheh, 
   apples are thought to have originated there . 
  is that why their capital is called almaty ? 
  maybe because that 's pretty much what indon speaks ( minus the local languages ), 
  i 'm pretty sure he * did n't * get the joke, 
  i * love * that perm, 
  meh there 's probably some obscure romance language or alemannic dialect that has it that way, 
  last common ancestor was 50 mya , same as dogs vs cats . 
  for comparison humans vs dogs is 90 mya, 
  i think it did :(, 
  op fully annexed it , so the pope had to ask for a new host, 
  i 've gone to one of those kinds of colleges . 
  it 's one or more of the below :, 
  - class is about to start very soon , no time for a 15 min walk, 
  - it 's really really cold outside, 
  - tradition, 
  - it 's generally a lot more convenient than walking all the time, 
  [ sam hughes once wrote a short skit about this ] ( http://qntm.org/socks ), 
  writing * that * makes it sound like someone is stuck in the 90s . 
  but it 's the nostalgic kind of stuck in the 90s so it 's all good . 
  it 's also available in bookstores in at the very least italy , if you 're around the area . 
  probably events, 
  moj\u00ebr ( see my flair ) , being an au version of hungarian , is polysynthetic,
