  if he were running something like , for example , linux mint , he could have just loaded in the default set of packages and reinstalled everything , without wiping the hard drive . 
  ( funnily enough , afaik this is this is this not an option on ubuntu . ), 
  if we want to add auspisticism , then you have to add 150 ^ 3 to that number . 
  or however many characters there are . 
  do n't shove it in your mouth ; you do n't know where it 's been . 
  i have a watt laser i use to burn stuff . 
  well come on , just look at the equation . 
  it 's 150 squared , not 150 * 149 . 
  thank you , this is where my mind went immediately as well !, 
  and i can never make any head or tail of an anime 's pacing or logic ; they always seem like a semi-random sequence of events that build up and relieve dramatic tension very quickly in various ways , using weird plot devices and too-formal language . 
  my brain is too perpetually dead to care about that sort of complexity . 
  however , i have n't watched too much anime , so maybe my judgement is unfounded . 
  either way , i 'm not criticizing them , though ; i have my complaints about every single storytelling medium ever , which is like having no complaints at all . 
  but anyway , that is pretty spot-on as far as i 'm concerned . 
  fine , yes there is selfcest , in case you have n't figured that out already . 
  ca n't you tell their ra to look for a weed stash in their room ? 
  sorry , i thought you were a professor for some reason . 
  never mind !, 
  ( also , that first thing , i really hate it when parents do that . 
  from elementary school through high school , i really hated it when my parents said positive things about me to my school . 
  afterwards , i did n't have to worry about it . 
  but i 'm pretty sure my grade school teachers disliked me and my parents a lot as a result . ), 
  i ca n't see how you got that number . 
  even if you assumed directionality for ships , and assumed that the order of ships matters , then that 's still just \u03a3k !, 
  for k from 1 to 9 , which is 409.113 ships . 
  but 3.625.920 ... 
  i mean , that 's ~ ~ not even an even number . ~ ~ i 'm an idiot , i looked at 3.625.925 instead . 
  ( which it does n't have to be , but that rules out factorials . 
  actually i just factorized it right now , it 's ~ ~ 5 ^ ( 2 ) \\* 13 ^ ( 2 ) \\* 773 ~ ~ 9 ! \\* 8 ! . 
  i do n't even get it . ), 
  it is the hypotenuse of four primitive pythagorean triples that i 'm not smart enough to think of . 
  what did you do to come up with this ? 
  ( the correct number , assuming nondirectionality , is 2 ^ ( 9 ) -1 , which is 511 . ), 
  but the cereal part is coated in sugar . 
  by the way , what sort of guy at apple thought to make ios safari display comic sans as script ? 
  i 'm not sure whether i like them or not . 
  i have no authority ; i just said that a number ending in `` 920 '' is * even * , god . 
  ( i accidentally did all my analysis on 3.925.92 * 5 * . ), 
  because you should n't show up * to class * stoned , no matter your age ; it 's rude , and detrimental to your learning . 
  and do n't even say that it lets you understand stuff . 
  i 've smoked , and it just makes you * think * you understand stuff . 
  not actually makes you * do * . 
  teaching * any * rationalization is too much . 
  bonus for `` horseshoe crab '' , they 're not very well-known outside parts of the us , and paleontology textbooks . 
  [ ] ( / roseintrigued ), 
  i think the `` ey '' version is better , because it makes its relationship to `` they '' regular -- now all you have to do to get each form is take off the `` th '' , no exceptions . 
  also , certain page numbers were skipped . 
  cc is feferi 's chumhandle , though . 
  you should edit your post to acknowledge the fact that it 's now mandarin chinese , otherwise you look a little bit foolish . 
  you could read aluffi 's * algebra : chapter 0 * and get yourself a background in abstract algebra . 
  relatedly , what * can * you use to break your monitor ? 
  subtly , i mean . 
  that makes it look like it 's not your fault . 
  well , is n't it just , `` fill in the square under the cursor ; while there are still squares left to fill in , for each filled-in square for which this has n't been done yet , fill in any adjacent squares that are the same color as what it used to be . '' ? 
  then mspaint.exe would trace a path through the maze , which consists of millions of pixels . 
  ( i 'm on my iphone , so i ca n't see its precise resolution , but i imagine that it 's pretty big . ), 
  the gigantic processor load would then come from ... wait , that does n't really make sense . 
  i do n't know , then . 
  edit : wait , i have a solution . 
  maybe at every step , it always checks whether there are any adjacent similarly-colored pixels for * every * pixel that is n't completely surrounded ? 
  and then that 's what it would use to detect whether it 's completely filled-in or not , instead of storing the addresses of the already-done pixels in the ram . 
  huh . 
  so you use less ram , but the downside is ... this . 
  of course , this is only a hypothesis . 
  why do we have to have the exact same comment in every thread where there are some instructions ? 
  it 's boring to see the same thing over and over and over and over again . 
  did you actually kill the process , or just click `` end task '' or whatever ? 
  you have to find the process in the `` processes '' tab . 
  rationality is a good thing . 
  rationalization is not . 
  `` reasonable '' would include open-mindedness , though . 
  it 's not really a rational discussion if it 's biased beyond slightly . 
  if you * ca n't * have any arguments that differ from a particular one , if you ca n't seriously consider them , then that 's not rational , which i assume is a subset of reasonable , including the property i just said . 
  why ? 
  the artist novelties have deserted us in a time of need !, 
  i do n't understand most of these . 
  except the les mis\u00e9rable one ; that was fucking hilarious . 
  however , you could put that face on * anything * and that would also be fucking hilarious . 
  haha it looks like boobs ?? 
  who really needs comments , anyway ? 
  they do n't really contribute anything . 
  the psychoactive effects of cannabis , known as a `` high '' , are subjective and can vary based on the person and the method of use . 
  when thc enters the blood stream and reaches the brain , it binds to cannabinoid receptors . 
  the endogenous ligand of these receptors is anandamide , the effects of which thc emulates . 
  this agonism of the cannabinoid receptors results in changes in the levels of various neurotransmitters , especially dopamine and norepinephrine ; neurotransmitters which are closely associated with the acute effects of cannabis ingestion , such as euphoria and anxiety . 
  some effects may include a general alteration of conscious perception , euphoria , feelings of well-being , relaxation or stress reduction , increased appreciation of humor , music ( especially discerning its various components/instruments ) or the arts , joviality , metacognition and introspection , enhanced recollection ( episodic memory ) , increased sensuality , increased awareness of sensation , increased libido , and creativity . 
  abstract or philosophical thinking , disruption of linear memory and paranoia or anxiety are also typical . 
  anxiety is the most commonly reported side effect of smoking marijuana . 
  between 20 and 30 percent of recreational users experience intense anxiety and/or panic attacks after smoking cannabis . 
  cannabis also produces many subjective and highly tangible effects , such as greater enjoyment of food taste and aroma , an enhanced enjoyment of music and comedy , and marked distortions in the perception of time and space ( where experiencing a `` rush '' of ideas from the bank of long-term memory can create the subjective impression of long elapsed time , while a clock reveals that only a short time has passed ) . 
  at higher doses , effects can include altered body image , auditory and/or visual illusions , pseudo-hallucinatory or ( rarely , at very high doses ) fully hallucinatory experiences , and ataxia from selective impairment of polysynaptic reflexes . 
  in some cases , cannabis can lead to dissociative states such as depersonalization and derealization ; such effects are most often considered desirable , but have the potential to induce panic attacks and paranoia in some unaccustomed users . 
  music in the style of the album . 
  that 's not even this thread . 
  sorry , never mind , i kinda feel embarrassed now . 
  deleting thread . 
  why were her burnt-out eyes even red in the first place , though ? 
  they use the same pigment ( s ) as the horns . 
  but he surreptitiously fixed dirk 's eyes in [ s ] roxy : sleepwalk . 
  we 're pretty sure , but not necessarily .
