  but you ca n't use it to fulfill the quest , because he shuffles them before you play the quest . 
  this just in : one guy on reddit is most english speakers, 
  but if you run weasels , you get the weasels back eventually . 
  i guess your opponent could just not play them . 
  you 'd need baron rivendare . 
  i do n't think the people in that video are the people on / r/the _ donald . 
  thaaat 's what i 've been doing wrong !, 
  you 're completely correct , these are now funny, 
  til only coastal western europe ( minus ireland ) is europe . 
  what 's everyone else , chopped liver ? 
  since it 's 40 % of * him * that is empty , up to two thirds of the storage space could be unoccupied, 
  this is incredibly good . 
  one detail bothers me , however :, 
  anyfin is murloc 's grandfather . 
  secret is murloc 's father . 
  but irl , secret paladin predates anyfin paladin . 
  and secret paladin was more cancerous , i.e. 
  evil , than anyfin paladin ever was . 
  so logically their roles should be switched , even though the `` i 'll finish what you started '' scene is pretty nice given the continuity of tribe archetype from anyfin to murloc midrange . 
  alternatively , go down to your local library or university and use * their * computers . 
  whaddaya mean does n't properly pronounce it ? 
  most dialects of english are non-rhotic , although i dunno if most english speakers speak a non-rhotic dialect ( given how many americans there are ; most american dialects are rhotic , notable exceptions being aae , a lot of the south , the boston accent , and the new york accent ), 
  looks like they 're inverting all the points about a sphere , and moving the sphere around ? 
  or maybe changing its radius ? 
  it 's okay . 
  i thought it kinda fit the sub , but i 'll abstain from voting to cancel it out . 
  because it 's made up of one effect , rather than an action and an effect . 
  from the article :, 
   ... whose name means `` universal ruler '' in altaic , his native tongue, 
  lol, 
  ( for those unaware , there are , like , at least three things wrong with referring to classical mongolian as `` altaic '' , and the altaic hypothesis is kind of a meme ), 
  but but black mirror or something, 
  technically it involved a divine spirit , so that 's something, 
  but , like , his field of expertise . 
  trump 's `` field '' is ... investing , iunno . 
  is he a failure of an investor ? 
  there 's been rumors floating around about how he lost a lot of money on this or that , but he still managed to become and remain one of the wealthiest men in america , which i guess is all you can really ask for . 
  edit : guys i signed up to be a mild devil 's advocate , not a punching bag , please stop :(, 
  i dunno , friends from work works better with shaman i think . 
  pirate warrior and aggro shaman shared aggro deck status on ladder , as equals . 
  patches is just a card in pirate warrior . 
  which animes does it specifically reference ? 
  it would take forever to watch all of them just to make sure you get all the references, 
  charlie was doing so well until the heroine bud offer !, 
  poor guy just does n't get people well enough to understand how much he fucked up there . 
  it 's also possible that you 're american, 
  `` upgraded '', 
  what , unconditionally ? 
  this has a better effect than twisting nether , and costs half as much , and comes with a body . 
  so your goal is to increase variance in arena decks ? 
  it plays around ~ ~ vanish , ~ ~ hallucination/swashburglar into a number of mage freezes and board clears , or some other form of clearing or freezing the board , or a couple big taunts , all of which are way more likely than this ridiculous scenario . 
  edit : still has lethal without playing around vanish , on account of blazecaller ; thanks , replier, 
  that 's true , edited, 
  the rogue pulling some sort of defense out of her ass is still more likely than * thirty * damage in one turn , geeze . 
  you 're gon na argue that 5 evisc/cold blood is on the same order of likelihood as two random taunts ? 
  your point being true depends on the collection of scenarios where the rogue actually has thirty damage being more likely than the collection of scenarios where the rogue has a way of preventing the damage from the mage 's board . 
  but all of those rely on unlikely combinations of five or more cards . 
  practically all combinations of cards that prevent the damage hover around three or four cards , although it 's possible with two cards as well ( e.g. 
  eldritch horror + sunfury protector ) . 
  but this is arena . 
  my current flatmate is a speaker of albanian as a first language . 
  for him , single r is invariantly [ \u0279 ] at the end of a word . 
  he is 24 and male . 
  i admit i was hoping for more when i read the title , but these are still actually both really nice . 
  but in a very passive way , much like prof trelawney in harry potter . 
  ( unless predictamancers have a significant degree of control over the results of their predictions , which has not been demonstrated . ), 
  man , this is next-level . 
  look at that peloponnesos . 
  ( although maybe he just drew a furry ball , rather than bothering with the right mini-peninsulas ? 
  it looks pretty legit ... ), 
  knew someone would say it !, 
  notice the lack of malta as well . 
  do they have an acolyte of pain ? 
  dude , this is really cool . 
  you were specifically channeling ernst haeckel , yeah ? 
  indeed, 
  that 's the best , when you both have insane decks . 
  it 's like a third game mode alongside constructed and arena , `` arena + + '' . 
   ( unless predictamancers have a significant degree of control over the results of their predictions , which has not been demonstrated . ), 
  if she had no agency in making those particular things come true , she ca n't really be blamed for it , even if she was the one making the prediction . 
  you should map this out in 3d , with the z axis being theta !, 
  or i guess it would make more sense to have these as slices of a sphere , and having the theta term be the rotation of each slice , if that makes any sense . 
  it seems like it 's really easy to think of this as a higher-dimensional object , anyway . 
  `` what 's a latent period '', 
  the boring answer is pyromania, 
  are the `` incels '' subreddits banworthy or encouraging some kind of really bad behavior ? 
  i thought they were just a place for sad bachelors to vent, 
  hopefully this will lead to a decline of political spam on / r/all . 
  t_d itself is n't ( was n't ) very visible these days due to the sanctions imposed upon them , but the drama they create spills over to the unlikeliest of places , such as / r/adviceanimals the other day . 
  yeah , but that 's redstone fuckery , or at least used to be . 
  those are turing-complete and can move blocks around via pistons , and have existed for a long time . 
  this guy somehow added his own models and game mechanics using ... something . 
  `` command blocks '' , apparently , which most of us do n't remember because they were only added a couple years ago . 
  they make most of minecraft hackable ; you can type some code into the block and it 'll execute it for you , and there 's a whole api you can access . 
  i personally had no idea that they were so powerful . 
  dear god . 
  point still stands , though ; most of us stopped playing minecraft long before command blocks , i feel . 
  like a steward of darkshire or a sorcerer 's apprentice for one-drops . 
  with the huge miscalls that were made about the caverns below , lyra the sunshard , spikeridged steed , and the marsh queen , it 's kinda funny how the last kaleidosaur and lakkari sacrifice turned out exactly like everyone thought they would , i.e. 
  like utter garbage .
