  would we be able to measure its exact size or any such thing ? 
  it 's funny that you have to `` teach '' yourself to `` think linearly '' , even though `` linear thinking '' is a term that usually has a bad connotation . 
  i personally call it `` bread '' . 
  i want to be pretty neutral about this . 
  props to the soccer coach for trying to tackle that tub of lard . 
  i have you tagged as `` fucking '' in res . 
  i 'm glad you like it . 
  i 'm considering it for a build for work . 
  i think it 's still a lot less pleasant . 
  * crosspost , xpost, 
  what comic ? 
  the point he 's making is that this meme is fucking stupid . 
  i ca n't tell whether his audience is getting the message , though . 
  thanks , this is actually helpful despite being 3 months late . 
  how did you find this thread ? 
  is it in top ? 
  wow , filling in all those radio buttons was a pain ... but good luck !, 
  i 've been looking at some other colors , and it seems that it 'd work for things like time and breath . 
  however , it 's probably a bad idea for light , void , and reasonably space . 
  ... you put that there . 
  i swear it . 
  no , i do n't care that it 's a hotlink to mspaintadventures.com . 
  ( to clarify , he 's pointing at the screen on the left . 
  this is some grade-a witchcraft here . ), 
  also , cherub spiral , not caliborn spiral . 
  otherwise , it 's racially insensitive . 
  dyson spheres are n't really spheres , though . 
  light ? 
  but is n't the symbol darker than the costume ? 
  yellow/orange ? 
  huh . 
  full speed , then !, 
  i manipulated that image in all sorts of different ways and still ca n't see it . 
  are you trolling me or something ? 
  ggg . 
  ggg :, 
  g = g ^ ( -2 / 5 ), 
  ggg = gggggg ^ 2, 
  g = g ^ -3, 
  g = g ^ -1 / 3, 
  wow , serenity really could turn out to be calliope . 
  alrighty , new theory added to internal roster . 
  i suddenly do n't understand anything . 
  that screenshot ... if only it were real . 
  ( or there really is someone named `` iheartmtndew '' like that ? ), 
  i do n't know whether op knows either , so you did answer his question . 
  are you referencing something ? 
  do you know what causes the spatial striations ? 
  i thought the microperiodicity of any lithium compound would be much more subtle . 
  and your measurement is only first-order , so it 's not like higher exponentiation would matter when it comes to straightening out the curves . 
  the only thing that makes me think that it 's not some sort of calibration mishap in the lambda valve is its regularity . 
  still , did you first record any flats or nulls ? 
  i know that due to the jaggedness of the curves you would n't be able to completely alleviate any such problem , but subtracting the mean field integrated over the forkin space ( adjusted for your particular compound , of course ; i do n't have my table of flux coefficients with me , but i can give you a rough estimate 3.35 x 10 ^ -18 \u03bcw / cm ^ 2 ) should at least make any such theoretical jitter pretty imperceptible where it matters . 
  wow , does that exist ? 
  ( also funnily enough , that 's an inverter ), 
  huh . 
  i 'll be damned before i can see it in the original . 
  i do n't * think * i 'm colorblind . 
  [ deleted ], 
  le so bra [ v ] e, 
  i am so multicultural, 
  how ? 
  please show . 
  this brought a tear to my eye, 
  rounded edges and non-orthogonal geometry . 
  blech , i 'll stick to my scribbles and squares , thanks . 
  a ctrl-f of `` omfg '' revealed nothing . 
  was it something in one of the `` notes '' ? 
  because i do n't read those . 
  but ... the lack of punctuation ... the obvious phrasing ... the simple word choice ... that 's very unusual for reddit . 
  yeah , just / u/tranger * is * from reddit and so are the 18 people who upvoted it . 
  which confuses me . 
  nope , i just watched it after it was linked above . 
  it 's a pretty good music video ... 
  who said he loved nepeta ? 
  they were very strong mutual moirails , but pursued nothing beyond that . 
  if he loved anyone , it was aradia , and she had already disappeared by then . 
  and he was n't exactly dying to save her ... more , karkat ordered him to . 
  and , here we enter the realm of speculation , but i believe he * could * have resisted , but he was happy to see gamzee take his rightful place as subjugglator . 
  that 's almost cowardly , given that his friends were in danger . 
  in this context , they 're mutually exclusive , illustrated by the clock hand only being able to point at one face at once . 
  not to say that the clock * determines * whether a death is heroic or just . 
  only , if you ca n't represent something when it 's supposed to be represented , is n't it more likely that the thing you want to represent does n't exist ? 
  wow . 
  this is actually really cool . 
  props !, 
  okay . 
  why is it relevant , though ? 
  i 'm assuming the death operates on a disjuntive basis , not an exclusive disjunctive one . 
  how do you get on the bad side of a bunch of homestuck fans when you are a homestuck fan as well ? 
  lie about having cancer ? 
  that 's what causes mine . 
  okay . 
  which 36 ? 
  and how did he infer its weight ? 
  anyone have a link to the article he must surely have written ? 
  edit : i mean for free if possible . 
  i see the link in the article . 
  you are doing god 's work . 
  i mean it .
