  the attitude the change represents is definitely worrying , however . 
  that 's what i meant , yeah . 
  not necessarily , they can show just * outward * expression of emotion , rather than internal experience . 
  it 's more common to see characters try to hide an internal emotion represented by these , however , especially when it 's `` sweat drops '' ; [ exhibit a. 
  at least that 's a mathematically understandable approximation . 
  if you encounter something like `` horrible hack ahead '' , whatever follows will probably be nowhere near as elegant . 
  the style is loaned from tumblr i think . 
  / u/aq2003 confirm/disconfirm ? 
  more like , how dare op insinuate that cool engineering is more of a `` men '' thing than a `` women '' thing ? 
  granted , most engineering fields do have a lot more men than women , but that 's due to a history of institutional sexism , not because women are somehow intrinsically less likely to be interested in engineering . 
  well , that was terrible . 
  jesus i hope they did n't have any open cuts or anything . 
  tetanus incoming . 
  do you have relatives outside of the us who ask you for american things ? 
  because this is very spot-on . 
  every time i visit my family in hungary , i must bring a minimum of two boxes of lucky charms . 
  i import american stuff for my relatives in hungary . 
  the things they ask for most often are :, 
  - electronics and photography equipment, 
  - cereals ( mostly lucky charms ), 
  - soft drinks ( mostly cherry coca-cola ), 
  sometimes also electronic toys for their kids , but honestly , hungary is almost right next to germany , which is far better at toys imo than the us . 
  smb had my favorite plaftormer mechanics of all time , particularly with the controllable jump height , and the weak wall jumps that made it possible to climb a single wall , and i was incredibly happy to find that hk imported both of those , alongside a more expansive moveset . 
  hk used its platforming mechanics to great effect , but if you 're accustomed to precision platformers like iwbtg , then you ca n't help but feel that there 's still some untapped potential regarding super-difficult platforming segments , especially regarding nail jumps , which were only necessary in the pink mushroom rooms , that one room in deepnest with the mask shard , and the trial of fools ( sort of ) . 
  on a tangentially-related note , there 's between a quarter - and a half-second of input lag on my computer in hk , and it really prevented me from enjoying the mechanics as much as i did in smb , especially in some areas and fights with a lot of particle effects that made the lag worse . 
  sure , i could buy a better computer , but i do n't have that kind of money , and hk is 2d with raster graphics . 
  why does n't it run as well as smb does ? 
  * sigh * opal . 
  egale !, 
  i hoped the first time i played that fight that she was calling her attacks , but unfortunately it 's random , which makes it somewhat harder . 
  hell no . 
  i 've played plenty of super mario brothers platformers , but none of them do the thing where the moment you let go of the jump key , you stop going up . 
  yes , you can hold down the jump key to jump higher , but there 's always going to be a minimum height , even if you just tap the key . 
  the super meat boy-type of jumping is much more precise and lets you make extremely small jumps , which was frequently necessary in smb and really useful in hk ( although in hk you can also cancel your upward velocity by dashing , so it 's slightly less of a big deal ) . 
  the more modern mario games have more controllable height , allowing you to make some pretty small jumps , but still not to the degree of smb and hk , which have completely fluid and continuous response to your input . 
  the measurement i gave was informal , but you could theoretically rig a keylogger and a screencasting program to capture your keystrokes and video frames , and compare keypress times versus frame times . 
  i 'm not sure how you 'd do it on windows , but on the linux install i use to run hollow knight , for screencasting i 'd use ` ffmpeg ` , and for keylogging i 'd use ` xev ` or a python program that snoops x events using ` evdev ` . 
  the measurement i gave was informal , but you could theoretically rig a keylogger and a screencasting program to capture your keystrokes and video frames , and then manually compare keypress times versus frame times . 
  i 'm not sure how you 'd do it on windows , but on the linux install i use to run hollow knight , for screencasting i 'd use ` ffmpeg ` , and for keylogging i 'd use ` xev ` or a python program that snoops x events using the ` evdev ` library . 
  edit : apparently [ screenkey ] ( https://github.com/wavexx/screenkey ) does this natively on linux , although it pollutes the video with pictures of your keys . 
  no , that is an advertisement . 
  he appears to have won 44.000 ft ( ? ), 
  edit : nope , it seems he won a [ volkswagen golf ] ( https://youtu.be/hkf-yhxyt5o?t=34s ), 
  i have tried every combination of video settings . 
  not even lowering the resolution does much . 
   [ \u2713 ] other3 ( please specify ) backwards compatibility, 
  in general yes , but for the love of god has anyone figured out how to get game maker games to run on later versions of windows ? 
  one of my favorite games , an untitled story , is mostly unplayable nowadays because of some weird change microsoft made to the emulation . 
  ( to be fair , the last time i tested it was a couple years ago , so they could have fixed it since then . 
  but somehow i doubt it . ), 
  i 'm all for taking a closer look , but do n't we already know what they 're made of via spectroscopy ? 
  this thread will be interesting to see . 
  the imagery of a mushroom being harvested is familiar to many eastern europeans , as foraging for mushrooms is a practice widespread among us . 
  an american audience does not have the same familiarity . 
  how will people react ? 
  holy crap you 're right . 
  over the past year or two , advice animals in general have quietly died . 
  the hundred boombots will rise again ? 
  edit : the hundred heahoohooheheheh will rise again !, 
  we still have people named `` adele '' , though , the german cognate . 
  i wish it stuck around , particularly the `` ethyl '' spelling ; it 's funny to see a chemistry word in a non-chemistry context . 
  i feel the same way about `` diane '' , although i do n't think anyone 's ever bothered to use that in a chemistry context . 
  ( but it 's well-formed , with `` di - '' being `` two '' and '' - ane '' being `` alkane '' ; the problem is as a standalone word it 's useless . ), 
  the guy who pyro + equality 'd the 640/640 lyra misplayed by playing the pyromancer first ; he coulda kept around a 3/1 pyro by going equality  pyromancer  pack . 
  not that it really mattered since his opponent conceded , but having a 3/1 around is pretty much always good unless you 're playing around shadow madness . 
  edit : or silence + shadow madness , which would be more generally helpful ( since sm 'd 3/1 pyro just whirlwinds and dies ) . 
  you may want to play around the whirlwind effect from it . 
  probably not , though . 
  yeah , so the early-game cards will be towards the top , which is not visible . 
  tbh apart from the kazakuses this looks like a really mediocre mage deck in general , unless the scrolling is hiding 7 primordial glyphs . 
  ( but then op would have included that in the screenshot . ), 
  and then a mod tagged it `` bad title '' :(, 
  edit : someone removed the tag !, 
  good job , whoever that was !, 
  aargh , i get what y' all were going for with this css , but links are almost invisible . 
  and it is right there , at the very beginning of the stylesheet :, 
  color : #thew 0rstc0l0r ;, 
  tom has ` # 00e ` on the website , like y' all 've got for the submission-level links , but to be honest , that 's [ a little painful to look at as well , ] ( http://imgur.com/mnus9kq ) at least on the darker comment box background . 
  maybe ` #e 00 ` [ can do the job ? 
  welp , i 'm out of ideas , apart from ` #e ` ( which i think would be decent if not for the fact that links usually have some sort of color to them , so having white links might confuse people ) . 
  aww , that 's unfortunate . 
  serves you right for playing secret mage i guess ? 
  damn , you 're right . 
  well , the bright side is that at any given moment , he 'd be more likely to draw a pg than any other card , unless he 's already drawn all the duplicates or has n't drawn a kazakus yet . 
  off-white can work , but see above about people expecting links to be colored . 
  it 's certainly the most legible thing you could possibly put , though , so on those grounds i 'm all for it . 
  thanks for taking your time to maintain this subreddit !, 
  that sounds really cool , but i dunno how many people would be interested in contributing . 
  maybe make a post and find out ? 
  exactly , friggin secret mages winning before turn 10 all the time, 
   world `` championship '' - yes , from babbling book created by thoughtsteal , from courier , from opponents cho from forbidden shaping from ... 
  ... from drakonid operative , of course . 
  ( the reason this guy has both mage and priest cards in their deck is that they were created by two renounce darknesses , one of which was played by yogg . ), 
   not liberating hungary, 
   windows notepad ca n't even handle fucking line endings properly !, 
  ca n't even triforce :, 
  it would still replace any tri-class mage cards . 
  in wild , yogg could also have ganged up a demon , but tournaments are standard . 
  ( also , since we only need one priest card , the opponent could have started as kazakus mage , and then played yogg , whose renounce darkness would have replaced kazakus with the drakonid op , who was able to be activated off of alexstrasza . 
  so you do n't really need the second renounce , i just thought it 'd be funny . ),
