  but what about the nice model ? 
  purposely misunderstanding something in a way that hurts someone else is being an asshat . 
  any favorite comments ( at the end ) ? 
  the difference between the game-theoretic logical approach and the approach actually taken is that the first optimizes only for winning the war , whereas the second is a good solution if you want to keep the maximum amount of people alive . 
  if you had to go to war , then you should do what game theory tells you to do . 
  i tried searching for `` proton '' . 
  i was disappointed . 
  i guess he was a physicist , not a chemist . 
  edit : then again , that train ... 
  it 's highly polar though , which is good enough . 
   can u and i base pair ? 
  did i miss something during molecular bio class or is i not a base ? 
  i think most people have already seen at least some of these xkcd comics , if not all . 
  i do n't think it would be wise to use xkcd comics . 
  catching a comet is hard ? 
  those fuckers will burn all night . 
  you know , this comment had the potential to have very bad consequences , but i think it 's turned out to be pretty harmless . 
  it tempts me to do that all the time , but i always remember that that 's very unreadable code . 
  well , not unreadable , if you 're smart , but the code should always say what you mean . 
  you should always write what you mean , not whatever makes the code do what you want it to ; that way , the code reflects your thoughts , and is more transparent . 
   atomic annihilation of hungary ? 
  nooo !, 
  look , our flags are nearly the same , alright ? 
  and , we both hate gypsies and romania !, 
  nooooooo !!, 
  is n't it the opposite ? 
  we never saw marty properly having a crush on his mother . 
  and that 's fine . 
  if they do n't want that kind of movie under their name , that 's their decision . 
  wait , not everyone recognizes list comprehensions ? 
  :p but seriously , it 's not just notation . 
  the term is actually multiplied by the 0 or 1 , and then they are actually added together . 
  it 's not a feature , it 's not syntactic sugar , it 's a hack . 
  the interpreter is only incidentally doing what you mean . 
  the program is jumping through different hoops than if you set up if statements . 
  and then when another person ( or you in the distant future ) looks at it , they think , `` the point of this code was to express a function that is the sum of these two terms , '' not , `` the point of this code was to express a function that takes on different values depending on different conditions . '', 
  and inaccessable . 
  ( although it 's doable if you go for the poles . ), 
  i think the person you 're talking about is nearly everybody , and it 's just that your expectations for the amount of emotions you should feel about anything are too high . 
  bachelor 's in biomed eng and chem eng , i agree with him . 
  ( although i 'd be supremely annoyed if somebody * forced * me to use anything other than si . ), 
  yeah , ethers * are * a thing and smell very nice . 
  huh , i totally forgot about that . 
  i think last time i heard about it was when i read about nucleotide misincorporation due to bases that can bind to a lot of different bases . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard it get an initial all to itself . 
  thanks !, 
   campaign missions, 
  is n't `` get a sample from the surface of eve '' a mission enough for you ? 
   re-entry damage, 
  the sudden jolt from my chutes opening is damage enough . 
  if you could somehow fit a star into a potion , you could probably release the energy of the big bang ( i.e. 
  all the energy in the universe ) . 
  he 's right . 
  it 's no big deal , just think of them as part of you , or yours . 
  i was so happy as a kid the first time i realized i had like a jillion little pets . 
  source : biomedical engineer, 
  edit : http://www.ted.com/talks/bonnie_bassler_on_how_bacteria_communicate.html, 
   figure 3, 
  is n't that a figure 8 ? 
  no , our orbit is n't circular enough for the eccentricity to not matter . 
  in elliptical orbits the heavier body is * closer * to the center of the ellipse , but neither body is actually right at it . 
  hence , relative to the sun , our orbit has a side where the earth gets closer to the sun , and a side where the earth gets farther away from the sun . 
  well , if you get them too often then it does increase your risk for cancer , but not by a lot . 
  people used to get them all the time until we realized that it 's not worth it to get them any more often than every 2 years or so . 
  well , i always wanted pets . 
  europe europe europe amsterdam europe europe europe machu picchu europe amsterdam europe europe ... china ... europe . 
  i think that was a really funny list of pictures . 
  ^ ( the words in my comment do n't correspond to particular pictures ), 
  with the sun in your face ? 
  i 've always hated that since i rented a house in berkeley with no blinds . 
  but would n't that be really unsafe , and lead to people crashing into you ? 
  former nj resident here : the only people there with broken english are the immigrants , as far as i can tell . 
  i 've only seen the `` broke his arms '' one referenced recently ; i have no idea where it originates . 
  help ? 
  then again , we went from protocells to photosynthesis to multicellular organisms to spreading to space . 
  not sure , ask again when it 's over . 
  it 's pretty good so far . 
  whoah , guys , check it out , a chatterbot !, 
  what are you using , the cleverbot api ? 
  hungary here , take us with you !, 
  b&h is * fucked . 
  * anyway , this is panel 6 from a comic i 've been making ( which i 'll release next june ) . 
  this disqualifies me from the contest . 
  edit : goddamn it , i made the cage around the eyes the wrong color . 
  it 's supposed to be brass . 
  edit 2 : according to [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandballart/comments/1pr9f8/november_picassoball_art_contest/cdc3fa7 ) exchange , apparently i am still eligible for the contest !, 
  csa ? 
  oh , wow , i did n't even notice that . 
  so elegant ... 
  it was n't really ever funny . 
  and he was n't explaining it , he was only describing it . 
  i do n't like either of these people . 
  what 's wrong ? 
  ^ ( it 's the black borders is n't it ) ^ ^ or ^ ^ maybe ^ ^ the ^ ^ fast ^ ^ flickering, 
  i made it flicker a little too fast ( 60 ms delay between panels ) . 
  i think next time i 'll go for 80 ms or 120 ms. 
  how many bears could bear gryllis grill if bear gryllis had a one bear grill ? 
  i 'm friends ( since childhood ) with a music artist . 
  he 's been very uptight and informed about copyright law for a long time , going back to being paranoid in * middle school . 
  * i 've tried to be a good influence on him , pointing him towards copyleft licenses like creative commons sharealike , but ultimately it 's his call .
