  i guess sexuality is a privilege , not a right . 
  they can get it back after an amount of time . 
  if i were a sex offender , i 'd be happy to get this treatment ; all it does is stop me hurting people , without hurting me . 
  ( i 've thought about doing this anyway . ), 
  descriptive linguistics is correct not because you ca n't do anything about language changing ( you can , if you have enough power ) , but because language is arbitrary . 
  yeah , you 're not going to care if you get some e. coli or b. subtilis on you . 
  or yeast , or p. aeruginosa , or pretty much anything that is a popular organism of study . 
  now , virology , that 's something else . 
  ( unless phages etc ), 
   absurd , does a 16 year old not understand the biological and psychological differences between a 16 year old and a 12 year old ? 
  probably not . 
  do * streptomyces * have telomeres ? 
  i 've never heard of them having telomeres . 
  definitely a long kind of trilobite . 
  it 's hard to narrow it down , though . 
  the key word is `` hallmark '' . 
  she might be an okay writer , but not necessarily a compliments writer . 
  the person who made it used the falling dude as a way to wipe over the rest of the screen , allowing him to reset all the pixels to the starting point while the falling guy was covering them . 
  notice the tree in the background . 
  the blood running through your ears is just what you hear inside a seashell . 
  personally , i 'd get it , but that 's partly because i 'm so clumsy i know i 'd prick myself . 
  i see no harm in getting it , though . 
  lol , what kind of strains ? 
  it 's a bit hard to imagine one . 
  i do n't think he meant to make it look like bipolar disorder . 
  i think it was just meant to say that brazil is in denial about it . 
  it 's not a rounded version of ( floor ( k/2 ) +1 ) / k for some integer k , i 've verified that . 
  it has to be ( floor ( k/2 ) + c ) / k for integers k and c , with c  1 . 
  it would be nice if they were sorted greatest to least . 
  does the run-of-the mill closet bisexual/closet atheist count ? 
  i 'm sure there 's still lots of both ; i belong to both groups . 
  my mother 's side of the family would recoil in horror if they heard either . 
  what version of mk is that ? 
  i 've played the snes version , the ds version , and the wii version , in that order . 
  but why would you work with them ? 
  for the same reasons virologists work with hiv ? 
  ohhh . 
  i googled the term and could n't find anything , so i assumed it stood for micro-something-something . 
  edit : `` micro lab specialist '', 
  should be a red duck . 
  thank you so much !, 
  it looks so much like a dwarf i thought it was lotr ( not having seen the lotr movies ), 
  none of those are bad ( providing they are right ) . 
  number 2 might get annoying , but that 's it . 
  they spelled `` copyright '' wrong in the source . 
  instantly terrible . 
  no but seriously holy shit , you must have to be some sort of savant to do this . 
  even intercal , seriously ? 
  i wonder whether the rest of the source files make pictures . 
  of course , but we 're not looking to actually be able to count to infinity . 
  we 're just gon na count pretty far , and unicode covers that . 
  you can usually use < u  in place of < ou  for representing greek diphthong < \u03bf\u03c5  . 
  have their been any hs fans who 've actually killed themselves in their bed , expecting to receive god tier ? 
  i know it 's a morbid question to ask , but i 'm sure there are people out there crazy enough to do it . 
  you mean , the 20 * most hilarious * classical album covers ever . 
  i think the person who put together this list is a trombone player . 
  what 's so bad about it , besides not being based on factors of ten ? 
  i am particularly partial to the fahrenheit scale : the lowest temperature that you 're likely to encounter across the average year is about 0 , and the highest temperature you 're likely to encounter across the average year is about 100 . 
  most small differences in length or height are either on the order of an inch , or a foot ( `` a couple cm '' or `` one third of a meter '' or `` 30 cm '' are unwieldy ) . 
  i have nothing good to say about the imperial measures for weight or volume , though , except that the teaspoon , tablespoon , and cup are indispensable for cooking . 
  otherwise , they 're confusing as fuck and i 'd prefer the metric measures for those . 
  ( i am hungarian , and grew up with the metric system , and moved to the us a couple years ago . 
  i am a biomedical engineer/bioengineer/molecular biologist , so the most common unit i use for anything is microliters , for pipetting . ), 
  to the edit : not necessarily , it could look like just another suicide that happened to be performed in a bed . 
  most of our major sources of power are pretty outdated , coal and oil in particular . 
  nuclear power is the way to go . 
  look , i 'm as much pro-nuclear as the next guy , but being hesitant to implement a new technology because of safety concerns is not being an idiot . 
  being an idiot would be implementing a new technology without worrying about safety at all . 
  at least these people are using their heads a bit . 
  however , like most topics , they 'd probably change their minds if they gained a deeper perspective . 
  `` new '' ? 
  unless it was n't specifically indicated that it was due to hs . 
  unfortunately , then we would n't hear about it , either . 
  well , titan has a lot of lakes . 
  venus has a lot of lava flows . 
  russia should be germany , and the reichtangle should be austria , so you can turn it into an anschluss joke . 
  actually , \u0418 and z, 
  hungarian `` sz\u00f3 '' is colored pink , but it comes straight from turkish . 
  why is it a different color as that ? 
  cry , laugh , whatever ... just do n't post to reddit . 
  thank you , i did n't get it ( i swear i 'm intelligent ), 
  but then , while there is usually shade when there 's heat , there 's never heat sources when it 's cold . 
  of course , clothes win , still . 
  but shade can be nearly room temperature , whereas the sun only feels warmer by a bit . 
  i 've seen this in california even . 
  `` hold on , just let me find it on my iphone ... '', 
  but neither is anything else !, 
  i am the last scion of a long line of linguists , and i will not put up with this prescriptivist nonsense . 
  certainly stop being high and mighty , but i 'm not sure whether you understand people that do n't like pop music . 
  they actually do n't like it . 
  listening to it would not make them enjoy life , because they do n't like it . 
  they do n't need to change their preferences , just their behavior . 
  but how could he exert so much pressure ? 
  if i tried to do this to an oreo , the bottom would fall off nearly straight down . 
  how do you hide a dollar bill from a neurosurgeon ? 
  put it on their son . 
  what ? 
  i live in nj and i fill my own gas tank all the time here . 
  maybe if they suddenly start acting like a terrorist , with all of their fellow terrorists treating them as the terrorist in question . 
  i am not picturing a reunion of quirrelmonroert with the death eaters ; i am genuinely imagining a scenario in which a grade school teacher of mine appears to be an infamous terrorist who died 10-odd years ago .
