   high skill, 
  maybe ? 
  you had the most entertaining answer in the video , hah . 
  dunno , `` remove stuff and play your combo '' does n't strike me as particularly high-skill, 
  well , i mean , it 's definitely not curvestone or anything , and it 's harder than probably 80 % of meta decks , but it still seemed strange to mention it alongside handlock , which had many dimensions to it and really was perhaps the most complex meta deck . 
  compared to that , patron warrior has , what ... deciding whether to proc removals ? 
  all the hardest meta decks , like handlock and freeze mage , have that element of hovering between life and death , of dying next turn if you make the wrong decision . 
  patron warrior is hard , but not in that way . 
  dunno , was n't trying to start an argument or anything . 
  just did n't seem to me to be on the same level as handlock . 
  well , ca n't argue with that . 
  i concede the point , and wish you luck in finding a similarly skill-intensive deck in the future . 
  swapped innervate for * brann . 
  * it 's not competitive , but it 's funny . 
  would like to migrate from hearthstone . 
  want to see more interesting decks . 
  heard this game is like hearthstone , but good in the ways that mtg is good . 
  sounds awesome . 
   futuere alterno, 
  ... to fuck with another ? 
  lol, 
  the ones in the picture are clearly the tastier ones . 
  you need to find some good sausage from anywhere between florence and lviv . 
  i enjoyed the hell out of cotn . 
  wish there were more rhythm games like that, 
   year 2k16, 
   wanting english speakers to speak ancient greek instead, 
  wow , i have the exact same model , but it never died . 
  the longevity you can get out of these is amazing . 
  but it 's not a bug , except insofar as it 's not obvious that the ambush is supposed to be a discard . 
  but , who would ever buy this thinking it 's a stain remover ? 
  you 'd have to be completely illiterate in english, 
  i mean , how can you have a conversation about it if you do n't know the answer ? 
  i 'd also like to nominate explosive trap and powershot as two more board clears that do n't kill 1 drops, 
  to be fair , folks with too much money , and the poor sherpas they hired , are disproportionately represented among those corpses . 
  deeper elements , such as all the exploitable mechanics ? 
  well , for most of the world , they do !, 
  if you had spell damage , it would deal something !, 
  well , not really , he 's board clear and card draw . 
  it 's not like he resets your life total or anything . 
  are board clears resets now ? 
  i never said it was n't hugely advantageous . 
  it 's just that people have been complaining for a while that blizzard does n't like printing board clears , because blizzard thinks it 's unfun and of course what would blizzard know about fun etc etc etc. 
  and now they 've actually printed a decent board clear , and people are complaining that it 's unfun . 
  pretty much anyone has a hell of a time trying to write anything with autocorrect ; it 's terrible and i always turn it off, 
  unfortunately , finding a completely random effect for this is an np-complete task ( see [ the subset sum problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subset_sum_problem ) ) , even if you restrict 0 mana spells to 1-ofs . 
  otherwise it 's a really cool concept . 
  so it 's like 3 mana 7/7 : overload ( 7 ) , but even worse, 
  maybe the kid 's reading ytmnd ? 
  are you sure the billiard ball does n't have small-scale irregularities ? 
  there 's no way you can avoid those up to a certain extent . 
  i know the comparison has been confirmed to be correct for bowling balls via some kind of scanning . 
  yeah , but that does n't favor all combinations equally . 
  well , it * should . 
  * does n't have to , but it 's a lot better that way . 
  and it 's not impossible , just difficult to compute . 
  hey , the 20s did n't suck yet !, 
  i 'd just type ` tar - xvpzf somefile.tar.gz ` . 
  i have little idea what any of the flags do , but they seem to work all the time . 
  [ mono red storm ] ( https://www.mtggoldfish.com/articles/instant-deck-tech-mono-red-bedlam-storm-modern ) is one of my favorite decks right now . 
  edit : oops it 's modern :\\ but yeah , as someone mentioned elsewhere , delirium decks can be pretty cheap ; [ this jund delirium deck ] ( https://www.mtggoldfish.com/archetype/standard-jund-delirium#online ) , for example , is $ 330, 
  what was the review even referring to ? 
  even deathlord  power word : shield  divine spirit  inner fire is 6 mana . 
  and lightspawn  divine spirit  divine spirit is 8 mana . 
  perhaps brann  barnes  double blood of the ancient one , not counting the brann ? 
  but it 's a 4 mana 30/30 , not a 5 mana 20/20 ... 
  edit : no , wait , i got it !, 
  arcanosmith  divine spirit x2  inner fire , not counting the arcanosmith . 
  but it would silence the traitor tag , and give the minion to your opponent without the downsides , would n't it ? 
  it was a joke , but also it 's worth noting that the only win condition in concede shaman is the opponent conceding, 
  eww , what if i want to use * boats ? 
  dunno , my uncle 's got all of these , and he 's very chill . 
  dunno about you , but poor living conditions is the reason i have n't visited india . 
  same, 
  ... when are you * not * allowed to leave lecture ? 
  well , it also adds more variety to the different win conditions in hearthstone . 
  playing both cards is a trash way to get a 30/30 , sure , but the ecosystem of cards might change to make this mechanic viable . 
  recently we 've acquired the combo brann  barnes  charge , which is only three cards so it 's not even that trash . 
  not enough t 's, 
  yeah , long before act 6 , / r/homestuck was a sub with one of the best csses around . 
  ( / r/sbhj beautifully balanced this ), 
  that 's why you use res !, 
  light theme , seriously ? 
  ah , yes , cbtbsohp , one of the most recognizable and iconic keywords in hearthstone, 
  dreadsteeds only suck because of the cost . 
  having a permanent minion would be insane for zoo if they did n't have to pay 4 entire mana for it . 
  by that point , fandral was designed , tested , and finalized . 
  either blizzard just did n't get the idea from there , or , more likely , it was just posted by someone with insider information . 
   * unaffected by all other cards . 
  you mean you do n't like dr. b -- uh i mean war golem ? 
  aside from what everybody else mentioned , i 've read that it 's kind of an unpleasant experience , as the inside of your mouth starts hurting ( same way it hurts when you eat a really dry bagel ) . 
  occam 's razor makes that unlikely , but i guess ? 
  there 's been many nods towards a real world/dream world duality , and the dark scientists having power over the dream world . 
  as a furry , i 'd love to get all of that tail that the furries featured in these cringe pics keep talking about . 
  am i supposed to go to one of those conventions ? 
  i mean , it ca n't hurt , but i 'm not a fan of fursuits ... 
  maybe just dropped it ? 
  admittedly , it does n't really look like the cracks you get from dropping it, 
  or , at least , part of a special register . 
  that 's middle english .
