  '' ` calculates the factorial of a , an integer . '' ', 
  if a = = 1 :, 
  return t, 
  else :, 
  return fac ( a-1 , t * a ), 
  it is recursive , and the value it computes * is * a value that is directly input into a function ( the same function , in fact ) , but the final value is an integer , not a function . 
  that is tail recursion . 
  maybe you 're thinking of closure ? 
  my favorite :, 
   bjarne stroustrup bolts everything he 's ever heard of onto c to create c++ . 
  c2o . 
  that ... would actually be awesome . 
  unfortunately my grandfather only knows hungarian porn sites , and they all give him viruses that i have to fix . 
  i like the `` it 's / fucking big '' measurements , not so much the orbital mechanics explanation . 
  ( we all know it 's going to land on yemen , you do n't have to explain how ! ), 
  it 's the * soil * that has water content , that is the new information . 
  it 's actually pretty huge news . 
  the apple was inserted the back end , not the front end . 
  well , if a company wanted an account it could use as a shill , that kind of account would be perfect . 
  however , i do n't think that 's what 's happening here . 
  yes , but from / u/maskedmarksman 's point of view , there is one comment , and it could have any random term in it , and it just happens to be his . 
  he is not thousands of people at once , just one . 
  he has every right to be surprised . 
  now , if he were going through a thread where many people were posting random terms , and one of them was `` cardiomyopathy '' , he should n't be surprised , because out of the thousands of comments , one of them was probably * going * to have that term . 
  you could also view it like this :, 
  the only person that gets to be surprised here is him , because it is a different kind of coincidence for him than us . 
  from our point of view , every comment gets to be seen by thousands people , and one of them will probably relate to that comment . 
  however , every redditor besides ourselves is indistinguishable to us . 
  but / u/maskedmarksman is a particular redditor , separate from that group , from his point of view . 
  so really , it can be viewed as him being surprised at the fact that the person that made that post is himself , as opposed to the many thousands of other redditors , which really has a low probability indeed . 
  i 'm sure he would react the same way if the post were made by one of his friends , which would be justified , since that is also very unlikely , if you pick a redditor out of a hat like that . 
  it could very well be meulin , since she 's working for kurloz ( although involuntarily ) . 
  she can create stuff because she can steal the nothingness from them . 
  nepeta steals souls , not nothingness . 
  i am eager to see it announced , because i want to see reddit 's reaction ( and to hear the end of it ) . 
  damn , i thought they 've already been doing this ... well , good thing they 're starting now . 
  i thought people would be more angry , though . 
  `` google knows where i am ? '', 
  ahahahahaha , that was very mean , and funny !, 
  but seriously , i do n't think that the issue of gender under-representation among the group of people who play video games is specifically a problem with console and pc games . 
  in other words , you 're right . 
  the system works !, 
  that 's bad for the cable that supplies power to the backlight of the screen . 
  it could fray and become useless , and you 'll have to get it replaced . 
  it happened to me with a white macbook , and to a friend of mine with a shitty emachines laptop . 
  maybe apple 's improved the cable over time , but maybe not . 
  better be on the safe side . 
  `` too often they make no sense '' feels contrived . 
  `` they usually make no sense '' is the right number of syllables if you pronounce it [ ju\u0292\u0289l ] as opposed to [ ju\u0292u\u0259l ] , although even then i 'd count it as more of a vowel and a diphthong and thus two syllables as opposed to three vowels , since there 's no glottal stop . 
  i have weirder shirts irl . 
  does n't dna2 .0 have something similar ? 
  your father is pronouncing it as though it 's italian , which is for church latin , not classical latin . 
  sand is itchy . 
  so , you cover the sand in spit . 
  the sand is no longer itchy , because it 's round . 
  ( also , it ca n't infect you with anything this way . ), 
  a haiku does n't have to feel contrived , though . 
  well , it 's only the truth . 
  i just bound zooming in and out to = and - . 
  i was very happy because i could do more stuff in orbital view because of it . 
  i 've been wishing for this ever since i first learned about the x key . 
  mashing the spacebar is for people who do n't know how to map action groups !, 
  mash backspace , instead . 
  well , i think what it has to do with perfect pitch is that was how op found out about it . 
  this post was sandwiched between two gtav posts , so i was unsure of whether this was for gtav or real life , for a couple moments . 
  would n't a crusader cover their chin ? 
  ^ ( sorry i do n't really think your comment is so unjustified , it 's just that it 's been forever since i 've gotten a chance to use this subreddit ), 
  wow , that is a very smart idea . 
  that 's what i was thinking too , but maybe you could institute a rule that only dry people get to go on the trampoline ( and jump in ) ? 
  then again , it might still get wet from splashing . 
  hey , that 's that hand showcased earlier !, 
  well done !, 
  now * that * i can get behind . 
  yeah , coifs are basically really tight hoods , which fit the image ( altbough now i 'm wondering whether it comes over the forehead enough ) . 
  edit : yes it does !, 
  i dunno , i would n't complain about the black person at least if they were switched ( probably because the closest thing i 've seen to a ski mask robbery is the breaking bad episode where they steal the methylamine ) . 
  the asian guy i 'm not so sure about . 
  this could be a measure of how powerful a rocket you can make : how many round trips can it make between , say , mun and minmus ? 
  can you do one more than your current best ? 
  two more ? 
  this is really great ; i especially like the fact that you landed at the same place on mun !, 
  for english etymological purposes , for the most part , french = latin . 
  that 's actually really impressive !, 
  ah , those questions were rhetorical . 
  i meant a ship that makes round trips between mun and minmus . 
  solid boosters ? 
  who * needs * them when you have orange tanks with mansails attached ? 
  exactly , so you can point them towards a body without braking . 
  nee-noo-nee-noo-nee-noo , pbpd is here !, 
  five yellow cards for mentioning a limb , and two additional yellow cards for altering usa-ball 's flag in the last panel !, 
  terra is nominative , and so is maris ( or genitive , but probably nominative ) . 
  so it 's just `` sea land '' unless it 's `` land of the sea '' ( the latter of which is unlikely ) . 
  one ?? 
  it flows worse . 
  your familiarity with elder scrolls is getting in the way of how you perceive language . 
  biomedical engineer here , can confirm lung blowers are a thing . 
  when i say `` i know german '' , i mean that i 'd feel comfortable having a conversation with someone in german . 
  ( a simple , multiple-minutes-but-less-than-an-hour conversation . ), 
  it is also to be assumed that i can understand popular literature written in german . 
  when i say `` i know scheme '' , i mean that i 'd feel comfortable solving a given task using scheme .
