  fortunately , they like signs . 
   no extraordinary evidence to back an extraordinary claim, 
  huh , another lesswrong reader . 
  you can tell because we all use the same phrasology . 
  i wonder whether he contributes as well . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware of this , but your comment is hilariously ironic . 
  ( or maybe not so much ironic as just self-referential . ), 
  i was right with him up until the last line . 
  `` pledge yourself to neither side , and instead preserve the balance between the two , '' or something to that effect . 
  what sides is he talking about ? 
  sides between which values and beliefs differ ( as would usually be the case for a standard good/evil setup ) ? 
  values differing is fine , but why would you ever agree to disagree , if they 're using the same information ? 
  one side 's model of the world is worse than the other side 's model of the world ( or else they 're equally wrong , but they ca n't know that without finding a superior third alternative ) , and so at the least the better model should take the place of the worse model , or , better , they could combine the strengths of each model to produce one better than either . 
  bring each other up to the same page , then come to a joint conclusion , as a summary . 
  by the same logic no one should get birthday presents . 
  ... i 'm fine with that , actually . 
  your birthday was going to happen anyway , unless you died . 
  no point in celebrating it , other than to make sure you remember your age . 
  weak , it 's been less than 2 weeks . 
  easy to think of , very difficult to implement . 
  i 'm guessing they dammed it , dug it out , and added the water-bridge ? 
  that 's really cool !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard him speak , and i * still * do this . 
  til i suck at picking up on anything in someone 's face . 
  all of these pics of people with `` that '' kind of face look perfectly normal to me . 
  ( relatedly , i also ca n't tell people apart by their faces . 
  i use hair , clothing , height , and eye color instead . ), 
  this is just as unfounded an appeal as `` i 'm handsome/popular '' . 
  i actually want to know what would make him a good historian . 
  whining for pity is n't going to cut it . 
  i do n't understand . 
  why is this funny ? 
  wow . 
  i never stop being impressed by chainsaw carvers . 
  it just looks too detailed to have been carved using a * chainsaw . 
  well , is n't the point supposed to be that it 's supposed to simulate politics ? 
  i do n't mean the very complex `` real-world '' politics , but a democratic system where you vote for candidates conscientiously ? 
  in practice . 
  i 'm talking about how it 's * supposed * to be . 
  what exactly makes this `` flush '' ? 
  it 's bigger on the backside in all directions . 
  not true . 
  i browse reddit from my computer . 
  it looks about as much as a penis as i do . 
  oh , okay , that would make sense . 
  in the meantime , i 've also realized that it 's actually not bigger sideways on the backside than it is big on the face : i.e. , it 's flush on the sides , according to the definition of flush that i was using : it fits inside a rectangular prism , and one of the faces of the rectangular prism is taken up completely by the front face of the contraption . 
  that is , the wiring is no taller or wider than the thing you see itself , only deeper . 
  this makes for efficient horizontal/vertical tiling . 
  but i can see why you would call `` no redstone showing '' flush . 
  what , just because people expect you to improve , you 're supposed to be content with mediocrity ? 
  most people 's expectations are n't evil . 
  they want you to work harder and improve your ability to do things , or to be more considerate and make the world a happier place . 
  that is ** good . 
  ** instead of using `` i do n't have to do what people tell me to '' as an excuse not to become a better person , how about you take their advice and start doing things ? 
  learn new things , do more stuff , meet more people , investigate more places and ideas . 
  you 'll be better off after an amount of time , trust me . 
  well , they should . 
  you should rationally consider all opinions regardless of source , since whether an opinion is true of you is not a function of the person saying it , but the opinion itself . 
  investigate whether they 're true : if you find out that they 're true , you 've just discovered a new thing relevant to you !, 
  you can take the opportunity to make changes that make things better for you . 
  if you find out that they 're false , then you do n't have to lose any more sleep over them . 
  but if someone presents you with a challenge , then you 'd rather ignore them than try to rise to it ? 
  that 's not going to get you anywhere . 
  yes , i see what you 're saying now . 
  it just sounded like you were pushing `` do n't accept most challenges '' , rather than `` choose your challenges '' . 
  i see most expectations as good , not bad , so that raised some alarm bells for me . 
  yours , too !, 
  currently , 1/3 people agree with you , it seems . 
  not old enough , i guess . 
  edit : 2/5 , now . 
  pretty consistent still . 
  shh , it does n't matter, 
  alas , there 's no element hb . 
  edit : i do n't understand ... are the voters saying there is ? 
  i ca n't think of one , and i also double-checked it on a table . 
  sweet , that 's a lot better than a hug anyway . 
  if you dropped a layer of sand blocks onto it , under how i meant it , the contraption would be completely level or even with the layer of sand blocks on top of it once it came to rest , if it were flush on top . 
  or , the sand blocks over it would be completely level or even with each other , if you prefer . 
  you can extrapolate the idea to the other sides , as well . 
  i 've had essentially perfect spelling for the past two decades . 
  and then today i suddenly could n't remember which one was `` lose '' and which one was `` loose '' , despite replying to a comment that used it correctly , and knowing that that comment used it correctly . 
  i went with the wrong one . 
  well , if you look at the gap between the serif on the g 's lip and the g 's neck as a quirk of typography , then it immediately becomes a schwa . 
  not exactly `` plain sight '' . 
  the camera must have had 20/50 vision or something , at most . 
  thank you for that helpful link , i was n't really sure what iron was . 
  but seriously , good point . 
  it 's like if * breaking bad * decided to use boron . 
  was this his thesis , or a more minor project ? 
  it sounds like a thesis . 
  that 's a different line , though . 
  relativity . 
  trust me , i have a degree in physics . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ ^ kidding, 
  mfw le euphoric fedora euphoric upron memebot 9001 and my axe !, 
  420 blaze it faggot in soviet russia ? 
  mfw le euphoric fedora euphoric upron memebot 9001 and my axe !, 
  420 blaze it faggot in soviet russia ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) to the left gem / u/godofatheism wut ? 
  no , just we should n't repeat ourselves . 
  what 's anyone going to see through your webcam , though ?
