  god , i love that place . 
  i tell the truth all the time . 
  i do n't see any reason not to . 
  a lot of the time i try not to show any emotions , but that 's not the same . 
  i 'm sure there 's lots of people like me out there . 
  i 'm really sorry , but this is n't relevant enough to the thread . 
  i 'm sure it was the cooler . 
  and yes , of course i used a filter . 
  i added the nitrogen-fixing bacteria separately in one of those packets , though , but that should n't matter ; i did the same thing for my watercooling setup that i have now , and it works fine , with no problems . 
  the only thing that i can think of is that i overvolted the pond snail unit , but that 's very unlikely for several reasons , most of all because i have n't had to replace it . 
  it 's all about the double tridents now : 3 -------- \u0395, 
  i 'm not asking for a pat on the head . 
  i 'm asking why those people are left out . 
  and perl . 
  think of the perl programmers !, 
  the list . 
  `` there 's three kinds of people who tell the truth , none of which are rational adults . '', 
  what about people who really do tell the truth for its sake ? 
  ( which actually is n't me . 
  i tell the truth because i 'm afraid that any lies would spiral out of control . ), 
  * faith . 
  jeez , that 's terrible . 
  i mean , my 10th grade history teacher got off anthropomorphizing the us and china back when he was being inspected in shanghai ( he was teaching there ) , in the late 70s . 
  `` what do you think about the recent diplomatic troubles between china and the us ? '', 
  `` well , i think china and the us are like a pair of old lovers . 
  they have their quarrels , but ultimately , they will get back together in the end . '', 
  ( they let him go after that . ), 
  but i mean , saying that about the opium wars ... just , no , especially not because of a comic . 
  i ca n't think of any specific examples , but i 've come across that before , yeah . 
  well , if there literally are surveys asking `` would you pay for dlc ? 
  '' , then it 's not too hard to jump to the conclusion that ea is thinking about implementing paid dlc . 
  then again , you still have to predict whether ea will * actually * implement it , which is a lot harder . 
  lots of times your prediction does n't pan out . 
  that 's if your fb friends are sensible people , though . 
  well , i 'd be happy to give people money for their content if i liked it enough . 
  it would be as thanks for it . 
  i do n't know , i usually have no problem with the stands they provide at the places i visit . 
  i am pleasantly surprised at the amount of bravery that is n't in these comments . 
  why ? 
  they do n't even have hormones yet . 
  i 'd guess that less than 50 % of the time is time when a man does not want a blowjob , going by my feelings . 
  i hate to get interrupted when i 'm working on something . 
  i wonder whether it 's by percentage of total body mass or by mass . 
  i 'm very sure i 'm not gay . 
  i 'm attracted to women . 
  i 'm not attracted to men . 
  i do n't understand the joke , though . 
  i could easily imagine someone putting the stickers on it who is n't someone who is into `` swag '' , but i do n't understand why they would think it 's funny . 
  help ? 
  why would they want to do that , though ? 
  but morality and stuff ... well , whatever , i guess . 
  sure it is !, 
  we 've constructed a series of thingies that have certain properties : every thingie has a unique successor , every successor of a thingie is also a thingie , and every thingie is also the unique successor of another thingie , and the chain of thingies is non-cyclical and has 0 at the middle . 
  these thingies are numbers , but they 're just a concept . 
  the real world does n't behave perfectly like numbers always , just mostly a lot of the time . 
  for example , raindrops on a windowpane do n't behave like numbers : if you count one raindrop , then two raindrops , then three raindrops , by the time you 've counted those three , two might have merged into one raindrop and now if you count them again you 'll only get two raindrops . 
  anything that does behave like numbers to a sufficient extent , though , will have sufficiently similar properties to numbers . 
  you can use addition on lots of things , because they behave like numbers enough to be able to have addition used on them . 
  however , addition does not work on other things , because they do n't behave like numbers , like the raindrops . 
  if they something does , though , enough , the rules you 've derived from numbers will also work on them , since they 're like numbers . 
  stuff tends to behave like numbers a lot because of conservation laws . 
  most things are n't just going to suddenly disappear ( see : 1st law of thermodynamics ) , so they 're persistent , like numbers are too . 
  they 're also not going to suddenly merge or split ( see : 2nd law of thermodynamics ) , so they have persistent identity , like numbers do too . 
  of course , there 's exceptions to this rule , but you can still pull them into the realm of numbers , because deep down they 're made of particles , which usually * are * persistent , like numbers . 
  if particles were n't persistent like that ( which some particles are n't , although fortunately their energy is persistent so we can still use math ) , then we would n't be able to describe them with numbers . 
  if our universe started working differently , without conservation laws and without the 2nd law of thermodynamics ( which is also a conservation law , in a way ) , we would n't be able to use our numbers on it because they 'd be an irrelevant tool . 
  however , if the universe still behaved systematically , we could come up with tools that would let us predict that system , and keep those tools around . 
  they 'd be the math of that universe . 
  however , if the universe behaved completely randomly , mathematicians would be screwed ( although randomness is a kind of consistency - just not one that you can put to your use by itself ) , since they would n't be able to make tools that would be worth exploring , since they 'd immediately become obsolete . 
  the universe is n't our math , not completely and not on every level . 
  numbers better approximate some things , and approximate some things worse . 
  that does n't mean they are the universe ; it 's just our fortune that the universe is consistent , so we can use consistent rules to describe it . 
  well , he 's causing people stress , who would otherwise not have stress . 
  he is making the world a less happy place , slightly . 
  i know it 's really minute , which is why i dismissed it so readily , but it * is * there . 
  well ... no ... just , you said it makes people angry . 
  does n't that automatically imply that they 're stressed ? 
  sorry , i did n't mean to pin that on you . 
  i concede that i probably took it too literally , although there 's no way for me to know for sure . 
  i 'd like to argue , though , that yes , stress and anger are two different things , but my impression is that being angry makes people stressed , or at least unhappy . 
  if there are people who like being angry , it would be very okay to make them angry . 
  who said anything about magical happiness ? 
  there 's ways to make people happier , or to not make them less happy . 
  stating that is not implying that everyone is always happy . 
  and it ends in a cliffhanger . 
  yeah , at first i thought this was that video , but then i remembered that it was the other one . 
  molten aluminium would sadly be impractical here , however much it would promote the longevity and sturdiness of the piece . 
  aluminium is approximately 65 % denser than concrete , so it would be heavier to transport anywhere , and also the aluminium would be expensive to acquire and heat in such vast amounts . 
  / r/glitch _ in_the_matrix, 
  hmm . 
  what if you have adhd and the drug is adderall ? 
  i figured the same thing myself , but i always wonder what it would be like . 
  ( i do n't really know about antidepressants , either . 
  however , i 'm probably heavily biased , since when i had depression , it managed to magically go away on its own after a few months . 
  well , okay , i managed to sort of talk myself into it , since rationally i knew that non-depressed me would dislike it if i committed suicide , suggesting that a fundamental shift occurred in my lower-level thought that brought me to value things differently , and i cited to myself things that non-depressed me used as motivational factors , such as the existence of death , and the interestingness of the complexity and range of possibility of the universe . 
  non-depressed me came back when i was reading an article on telomere shortening . 
  the point is , though , that my anecdotal evidence suggests that , while depression is a fundamental change in the structure of one 's mind , it 's possible to toggle that structure back from inside . 
  i do n't know how successful this is as a strategy in general , and i can imagine that some people are biologically unable to think non-depressedly , for example due to a genetic defect that prevents the creation of enzymes responsible for generating particular neurotransmitters . 
  although , i do n't know whether * that 's * possible without dying at birth ; removing an entire neurotransmitter can and will deactivate a whole lot of processes that are essential to the upkeep of one 's body . 
  i suppose you could have a * small * defect , that only decreases the efficiency of the enzyme , not stops it .
