  oh my god the homestuck fandom is hilarious, 
  hilariously fucking stupid that is , sorry for lack of clarification, 
  is this a 2008 macbook ? 
  because then we have the same computer , and the same problem ... 
  aww . 
  mine is ridiculously hard to disassemble , and furthermore the exhaust vent is in a really inconvenient place . 
  some of the exhaust has always come through the keyboard , but now i suspect it might be because of blockage ( it 's four years old , and i 've brought it into the store plenty of times to get fixed for something or other , but now the warranty is void because three years are up , and i have n't cleaned it since then ) . 
  so , completely different-ass computers , same problem . 
  i agree . 
  i feel lucky to have the old model where you can still replace the battery . 
  the newer ones have an unreplacable battery compartment , because they 're all one solid block of aluminium . 
  what i would n't like about that is , i install ram and hard drives through the battery compartment , so i would n't be able to exchange hardware like this . 
  i * have * had my battery replaced before , once , about two years ago , but i 've found that taking proper care of it ( letting it go all the way down before charging it ) increases its lifespan and effectiveness much . 
  now i want to learn how to do this, 
  there are so many plushes i would make, 
  so many, 
  wow , this is an excellent tutorial !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  awwwwwwwwesome, 
  yeah , that would be ultimate excellent addition to minecraft, 
  oh god fuck yes, 
  or maybe just install the mod, 
  all of them, 
  : rise up . 
  is a great nonspoilery one ... 
  [ jesus christ ] ( http://www.foxproducts.com/pdfs/letsplaybassoon.pdf ), 
  need ... starcraft ... 
  this appeared at the top of my front page . 
   feel good, 
  that chef 's knife really is good , now everything else with which i cut feels dull by comparison, 
  interesting parallel to [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/ohxqz/night_owls_stronger_as_day_goes_on_study_finds/ ), 
  god damn . 
  i knew it was pretty big , but i had no idea it was so fucking massive ... 
  [ eh , this is better . 
  ] ( http://qntm.org/geocide/ ) i love sam hughes 's work . 
  damn i 'd like to get a look inside that tardis, 
  yeah , which makes it even more surprising that he was alert enough to no fuck up the bow . 
  i am so glad you made me aware of this, 
  huh . 
  i see the screenshots -- really great job !, 
  i 'm curious tho -- are the two console rooms meant to represent any particular console rooms ? 
  i 'd think that the first one is 11th 's , and the second one is 9/10th 's , in which case i am surprised at the lack of coral formations and gratuitous glowstone . 
  wait i thought you guys knew this ( jade 's island is minoa ), 
  get ready for another `` daves hare is a berd '' moment !, 
  thanks needed this, 
  how is star wars beneficial, 
  i can only see 3 ... 
  oh okay now i see 4, 
  i guess that makes sense , but i 'd still opt for the wood/sticks drop ... 
  appreciated !, 
  +1 karma for you . 
  iphone wallpaper , is it, 
  i was afraid you 'd ask that . 
  truth is , i really have no idea why . 
  i guess i just find it illogical that a boat would break into a boat . 
  they removed collision boxes from ladders . 
  they can do it for lilies too . 
  i have , and i find no problem with this guy 's attitude ; it 's like friggin ' statistically more likely such a complex game engine will be shitty to modify than slightly less shitty to modify, 
  hell if i knew java i could code this in like 20 minutes, 
  okay i know c++ which compiles with java but that 's not the same, 
  now this is how you play minecraft . 
  i think you 've just won the game . 
  although , i 'd opt for something more architecturally ambitious . 
  that brick place would eventually morph into a skyscraper , with a pool convertible into a spleefing arena , large biome sections , parkour obstacle course ... plus lots of traps and fortifications to keep out invaders in smp . 
  oh right . 
  so , same bug as ladders then . 
  well , that is hard to code then . 
  i suppose you 'd need to add a new collision type , but probably no such construct exists yet , so you 'd have to program in collision types ( i.e. 
  block behaviors ) ... that would take a while . 
  well , forget i said anything then . 
  yeah , but then i 'd expect my boat not to become tiny enough to hold in my hand . 
  so , then i 'd opt for unseating , with the boat rebounding without me . 
  you could tell because of the lousy font ? 
  i was gon na say , makes a good spleefing arena . 
  what i do is build a huge-ass map room with a map floor out of blue and green wool , and put the corresponding maps for individual sections in those sections . 
  it looks epic . 
  i 'd say `` pics if you want '' but my minecraft is all locked away very tightly in a zip folder deep on my hard drive ... 
  i 'm for books , not sure how i feel about notes though . 
  i find low-density storage ( walls covered in signs ) strangely beautiful . 
  even korean only has relatively few permutations, 
  this is very true . 
  i used to watch this show all the time with my friend and her republican fanatic family , and they totally thought he was for real , and backed up his stupidest points with things they 've `` heard somewhere '' . 
  what is the most common thing that you have to do/look out for ? 
  like , with the camera and all . 
  that i understand very well ... 
  heads up , by the way , he replied above you , in case you did n't see . 
  this looks incredibly epic . 
  is it a reference to a game or just a very brilliant idea ? 
  the blocks break into blocks for portability . 
  the mine cart you ca n't simply break , you have to dismantle it by hand ; it 's not going to crash into a wall or lily pad like the boat and crumble ( although that would be reasonable ) . 
  anyway , what would you prefer it break into , if not a minecart ? 
  three iron ingots and two metal gears , if i had my pick . 
  but unfortunately buildcraft is n't standardized yet . 
  i 'd find it reasonable to hold in my hand if i were the one to take it apart carefully and make sure it remains a boat . 
  crashing a boat into a wall or titanium lily ( ooh , great mc developing group name !, 
  dibs ) , should n't result in a perfectly preserved boat , but a bunch of semi-useful scrap . 
  aww , now i 've got it too, 
  who 's the author ? 
  dude , he 's already fully unclothed -- how much more could you want ? 
  `` it 's pretty simple and stupid , but i guess that makes sense . '',
