  the simplest string theory that can explain physics as we know it requires an 11-dimensional bundle . 
  my question is , does n't that fact that yalgeth 's limit is empirically 3 ^ ( 1/e ) - \u03a6 prove string theory to be wrong , since it implies a 4-dimensional spacetime ? 
  really , how would fiber bundle dimensions be accounted for in the mathematical formulation of yalgeth 's limit , anyway ? 
  would n't you still count them , since they contribute to threonic wavelength attenuation , thus decreasing the differential energy yield of a quantum delta ? 
  my grandfather is a hobbyist accordionist , and he recently acquired a copy of shostakovich 's waltz no . 
  1 , arranged for the accordion , by russians . 
  the score is pretty straightforward , but there is one thing about it that we do n't understand . 
  on the lower staff , above chords of notes , are single characters . 
  they appear on top of about every other chord . 
  each character is one of the following three : m , 7 , or \u0411 . 
  what do they mean ? 
  first i thought they may be a strange form of basso continuo , but shostakovich is too late for that , and it 's not varied enough for that . 
  yes , i just migrated to arch , from a tricked-out mint . 
  in the wiki pages , it is often not obvious whether a command needs to be run once , added to . bashrc , added to . xinitrc , added to rc.local , added to . xsessionrc , et cetera . 
  ( alternatively just a page that explains what kinds of commands go where . ), 
  it also lacks a checklist for `` furniture '' to install on your computer ( for example , my notification area is basically empty right now , and that bothers me ; where is my network manager icon for example ? ) . 
  i run xfce . 
  where can i find such things ? 
  i 've only been playing for a few hours , so please be kind . 
  i have a three-stage rocket intended to land on ( or at least hit ) mun : the top stage is a capsule plus rcs plus asas plus an fl-t400 plus an lv-t45 , the middle stage is an lvt-t30 hooked up to five fl-t400s and surrounded by three atomic thrusters hooked up to a jet tank each , and the bottom stage is three jumbo tanks ( each attached to the bottom of an atomic thruster ) bolted together , with a mansail at the bottom of each , ringed by six boosters ( the large kind ) . 
  version number is 0.20 . 
  ( i have no internet except on my phone . ), 
  i can get out of the atmosphere fine with the bottom stage . 
  i 'd like to maneuver into orbit using the middle stage , but my rockets cut out when the fuel tanks are still half full or so . 
  there is no overheat bar ; they just go pop and do n't work . 
  if i keep them going at maximum thrust , they 'll keep burning fuel until there 's none left , but wo n't move the ship . 
  if i eject the middle stage and try using the top stage , then the lv-t45 does n't work either , and behaves the same way . 
  i 'll accept the criticism that i did n't thoroughly read the wiki ; it 's painful to browse using my phone , and seems to have a lot of pages on rocket design ( which i 'm not interested in reading ) and none on mechanics ( maybe i should make one , after an amount of time ? ) . 
  i did read the faq , but it does n't cover this problem . 
  maybe they were damaged by exhaust ? 
  the log shows that they were , but i do n't think that 's so fatal , and given the shape of everything it 's unlikely that they 'd be damaged so much . 
  edit : thank you everyone for the help !, 
  in addition to solving my problem ( apparently jet fuel is not universal to all thrusters ) , i learned a lot about ksp mechanics !, 
  i understand wanting a different body ( i do so myself ) , but that 's about it . 
  what does `` feeling '' like a particular gender feel like ? 
  the idea that pretending that one or more genders are superior to other genders is wrong rests on the idea that , mentally , every gender is the same overall ( not more/less intelligent in any way , not given to different modes of thought or emotions or desires ) . 
  so then how can you tell if you feel that you are a particular gender mentally , if all genders are the same mentally ? 
  ( of course , sexuality is another matter entirely . 
  there is an actual difference you can feel between being attracted to this or that group of people . 
  that 's not what i 'm talking about . ), 
  they are right there and facing each other and i have nearly run out of rcs fuel . 
  what factors could be preventing them from docking ? 
  i 've tried pushing them together , but it 's not working . 
  i 've also tried rotating the ship on the plane of the docking ports ( 'cause maybe there 's something else obstructing them from docking ? ), 
  but no dice . 
  edit 2 : thanks for all the help guys , i just aborted the mission and am gon na try again . 
  what can i do to fix this problem ? 
  i am using arch linux ( the latest ) with ksp 21.0.0 for linux , with mechjeb , fairings , and subassembly loader . 
  i 've tried playing with the graphics settings ( which has helped with these things in the past ) , but no luck . 
  if there are keyboard shortcuts that allow me to load/save/quit , that would do nicely , but i have n't noticed any on the wiki and i did n't see any in the settings menu . 
  i can edit a rocket by first trying to launch it ( via the launch pad ) and then reverting to the vab , but then i ca n't save it , and i 'm trapped in the vab . 
  the buttons are only greyed out when they should be normally ; it looks like they 're just not detecting my mouse , as opposed to being actually deactivated . 
  edit : the flag button also does n't work , but everything else does . 
  also the sph is just as useless as the vab . 
  edit 2 : it spontaneously came back after i launched and piloted something for a few hours . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  i understand you need kethane and ore to build a fully self-sustaining launchpad . 
  ore turns into metal which turns into rocketparts , i think . 
  kethane fills up the fuel and rocketparts fills up the parts . 
  i need to extract ore with an augur and extract kethane with that fancy kethane stuff . 
  i need to store the ore and kethane in hex cans and tanks respectively . 
  i need to smelt the ore into metal using a smelter . 
  i need one of those launchpad 2 's . 
  but ... how are these supposed to be connected together ? 
  and am i missing anything ? 
  should i put a dock on my launchpad , and dock a materials-extraction/processing thing to it ? 
  does it even need to be docked ? 
  also , will it break if i put too large a rocket on it ? 
  especially if it 's on landing legs ? 
  i could find all these out via the scientific method , but that would take a lot of time , and things might work differently on minmus than on the kerbin launchpad anyway . 
  also , there 's no kethane or ore at ksc , which should be vital . 
  he prevented world war 3 !, 
  norwegians were slaves of sweden and denmark almost throughout their entire history , norway is the most worthless country in europe that no one cares about . 
  these boring fucks are not known for anything at all , they have never invented anything and have never contributed to the world with anything , sorry norwegians but your country really is just a boring little shithole that most people ca n't even find on a map . 
  i mean how often do most people think of norway , never , no one fucking cares okay ? 
  i need a good textbook on this . 
  any recommendations ? 
  why not just say `` 70 gray ( s ) '' ? 
  edit : i specifically mean a war where a nation wants a particular group of people to be on drugs , and so wages war on them , like britain in the opium wars . 
  before i talk about the thread , i want to get one thing straight : there is only a laughably small chance that there has ever been life on mars . 
  the solar wind has been blowing straight on it for 4 billion years , making molecular data storage impossible ( such as nucleic acids ) . 
  the atmosphere is nearly all carbon dioxide , and is nowhere near as thick as earth 's ( its mean pressure is about two hundredths of earth ) . 
  nitrogen , a vital component of organic molecules such as amino acids , is not found anywhere on mars . 
  the temperature is usually around -63 degrees celsius . 
  for comparison , earth 's cryophiles , hardy bacteria that live in cold climates , live in -15 degrees celsius environments . 
  ( multicellular organisms can survive lower temperatures , but there does n't seem to be any of those on mars , now does there ? ), 
  there is no life on mars . 
  with that out of the way , let 's look at the comments :, 
   they should go ahead and release the evidence of the proof of life on mars . 
  i 'm sure it is just being withheld even though it would n't come as a surprise to us in this day and age . 
  [ [ link ] ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1n7bh5/the_curiosity_rover_just_found_water_on_mars/ccg573m ), 
  that is the second comment in the entire thread . 
  it has a net score of 240 points , after only one hour . 
  after that comment , it kind of descends into a we 're - smart-and-rational-atheists jerk :, 
   it would n't surprise or freak our rational people , but it would/might send irrational people over the edge so to speak . 
  something as monumental as that . 
  i think releasing that sort of information should be done slowly . 
  [ [ link ] ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1n7bh5/the_curiosity_rover_just_found_water_on_mars/ccg5frz ), 
  followed by, 
   because , obviously , god place them on mars to test our faith .
