  you ca n't just change the joke when you feel like it !, 
  there 's a tradition to these things , dammit !, 
  edit : i feel like people below me are forgetting that `` wisp is infinite value '' is a joke , rather than a serious statement . 
  everybody knows wisp is n't viable . 
  what ? 
  it 's right in the gif !, 
  you just telekinetically manhandle the coin into a ring shape . 
  what 's so hard about that ? 
  it was tier 2 . 
  the only real tier 1 decks were midrange shaman and aggro shaman . 
  they do n't * forget * it . 
  it 's a * joke . 
  i think the only week when it could have reasonably been called tier 1 was the week when silverware golem ~ ~ and malchezaar 's imp ~ ~ were out but the rest of the expansion was n't yet . 
  the deck * was * the star of that week , and it was fairly strong for a couple subsequent weeks , but never quite shaman level besides the first week . 
  edit : dammit , i left malchezaar 's imp out first , then `` corrected '' myself by putting it in . 
  but y' all 're correct , it was only in the last wing , after discolock had had its day in the limelight . 
  usually they 're attached to rocks . 
  it 's super creepy when you touch them and they start trying to grab your fingers . 
  whoah , never knew there was anywhere in the english-speaking world that did this . 
  in hungarian , our word for `` class '' ( as in `` spanish class '' or `` math class '' or `` i 'm going to class '' ) is the same as the word for `` hour '' , and also the word for `` clock '' . 
  coming from / r/vexillology , that is my least favorite . 
  you 're not supposed to put orange-red next to orange next to light orange and have that be your whole flag . 
  flags need contrast . 
  oh sure , the pattern 's fine . 
  it 's an easy fix ; just switch the positions of the orange and the light orange . 
  if you really wan na follow the rules of tincture , you can instead change the color of the ` < /  ` to white or gold ; then you can have whatever colors you want on either side of it ( besides white or gold ) . 
  but just the switch works too , in the more general aesthetic sense . 
  brann + rafaam does n't have to be the same turn as the rest of the combo , so you actually have 20 mana to pull this off . 
  the second half of the combo costs 14 mana without the captain ( 2m x2 bloodblooms , 4m illusionist , 1m patches , 5m faceless ) , so you need to thaurissan discount both brann and rafaam , and 4 cards from the rest of the combo . 
  it 's honestly less of a stretch than some of the other combos . 
  is it any good ? 
  i do n't think you 'd bring it up if it were n't any good , but asist 's website you linked does n't actually say what it is . 
  ( i guess so that you have to go to a workshop on it . ), 
  all two of them ? 
  ( plus , nowadays you just google the name of the character and copy and paste ), 
  what i do n't get is how '' ] [ ] [ ] [ '' translates to `` nnin '' . 
  since his signature ends in '' ] [ '' , we know that that 's `` n '' , but then where 's the i ? 
  in the negative space ? 
  or maybe just the pipe, 
  at least the timing of the clip is perfect . 
  this is wonderful . 
  the time you took to compile and annotate it is greatly appreciated . 
  clicked op 's link expecting the flags to have some sort of reference to this . 
  but thankfully , it turns out catalonia does not have too many fascists . 
  / r/de is leaking, 
  we need to put everyone capable of authorizing brown county , nebraska 's flag redesign into quarantine , to preserve their ... heritage . 
  also , ever notice how both provo and pocatello redesigned their flags into mountains with a star coming up from behind them ? 
  it 's still an improvement , but there 's something to be said there about the originality of officials from that general area . 
  i 've never had as much beef with milwaukee as with provo or pocatello . 
  it is a nice drawing they have on their flag , with a nice color scheme ( tincture be damned ) and a visual style befitting a drawing on a flag . 
  the only real problem is that they crammed too much stuff on there , and maybe that the background 's color could be more original . 
  [ apparently it 's even happened with a nokia ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/2016/10/06/can-a-phone-stop-a-bullet-nokia-reportedly-saves-mans-life/ ), 
  schlock mercenary is insane with its level of dedication to an update schedule . 
  even gunnerkrigg court pales in comparison to the sheer regularity of not missing * daily * updates for over a decade and a half . 
  ( smbc , although extremely impressive in its own right , is on a lower order than the rest of the trinity , on account of missing a few updates here and there , and its update time drifting to the afternoon est in the past couple years . 
  soon it will roll over midnight , and an update will have been collectively lost . 
  maybe the extra comics every now and then make up for it , but the schedule lacks the utter military precision of sm and gc , which i guess have extensive buffers . ), 
  where is the cut on his face ? 
  in other news , this is such a simple comic and yet the art is so packed with detail in the last two panels . 
  zach , your wrist did not sacrifice itself in vain ; you bring so much character to and breathe so much life into the comic with your spirit doodles . 
  and we love you for that . 
  you should play hearthstone, 
  9 mana 9/7 , deathrattle : lose the game in a weirdly specific way . 
  the worst thing is the slightly lighter gold trim on the slightly darker gold stripes . 
  that needs to go first . 
  also , a fire accelerant . 
  serious question , how did you make this ? 
  i wanted to one-up you by making a version for protanopia , but i could n't find a tool on the internet that produces pseudoisochromatic color pairs of any kind , so afaik you 'd have to look up all the data and do the math by hand . 
  the joke is , anyone who `` find [ s ] randomness intensely amusing '' should play hearthstone , because it is ... intensely random . 
  we had the double negative in wotog with [ [ renounce darkness ] ] , i guess . 
  playing it as a 10 mana draw some cards is not bad generally , but he had a really obnoxious amount of board clears in hand already , which is pretty much all he could ever ask for vs token druid . 
  so he could have waited for more value ( and less risk ) . 
  this is just asking for a weird combo . 
  but , of course , this is unhinged we 're talking about . 
  and it 's got a mount , too !, 
  i 'd like a 3 mana 3/3 with the same effect , to stick it to shielded minibot . 
  well , honestly the whole hog model is poorly suited for dealing with divine shield minions . 
  even if you gave our 3 mana 3/3 windfury , it would only trade evenly into minibot , and even then it would just be a worse sw :p . but if you 're gon na make one , it 's * got ta * survive a hit from the quintessential divine shield minion . 
  ( apart from tirion i guess . ), 
  that 's not what that tool does ; it takes colors and applies the different receptor sensitivities to them ( and duplicates a replacement receptor over the missing one , e.g. 
  duplicating green over red if red is missing , resulting in yellow hues for green or red ) , to simulate what images would look like to a colorblind person . 
  you ca n't generate op 's flag with it by plugging in the polish flag and clicking `` deuteranopia '' , because it 'll come out as brown . 
  and if you plug * that * into the generator , then it 'll come out as even darker brown , because each iteration sucks some more red out of it . 
  what i 'm looking for is a tool where you plug in a color , and it gives you a spectrum of what other colors would look the same to someone with ( a given kind of ) colorblindness . 
  you could use it to generate those dots tests with the number in the middle ( ishihara tests ) , or ... a green version of the polish flag that looks the same as the regular flag to a deuteranopic person , see ? 
  mostly it looks like `` fy the way '' to me . 
  who 's ever used `` for the win '' or `` fuck the world '' enough to recognize an abbreviation for it ? 
  guess not, 
  in defense of the fox , it did n't do an exhaustive search until after all the eggs were gone . 
  you do n't know all the eggs are gone until you 've looked for them and not found any !, 
  spot on . 
  klaus 's track record is more or less the same as tony 's , except for extra blots like suppressing gil 's spark , and the terrible spoiler thing . 
  both of them seem to actually care about their kids to an extent , but that does n't enter into assessing how abusive they were . 
  and the character writing in gc is more relatable than in gg , so tony 's abusiveness hits us harder . 
  wow , weird to see you outside of / r/gunnerkrigg . 
  hello !, 
  and frickin ' breaking bad had to go and use hf instead . 
  that 's interesting to hear , but in the show , the guy was already dead , and they needed to dissolve his body in a tub of acid . 
  ( then the acid ate through the tub . ), 
  caro 's acid or marshall 's acid would have been perfect for the narrative role , but for some reason they went with hf instead .
