  dunno , i speak a less severe version of it ( we do n't typically do the vowel-raising ) and that 's not what it sounds like . 
  the thing that 's sort of similar about it is the lenition of [ l ] in syllable codas . 
  we drop it entirely while lengthening the previous vowel or converting it to [ w ] , while this person uses dark l , which is associated with both sound changes ( polish had dark l change to [ w ] , for example ) . 
  the vowels are real different though , and the even the consonants are dubious too . 
  that 's true . 
  not to dismiss the non-linguists in this sub , because everyone can learn , but i 'd wager this sub is less than 20 % linguists , and as a result its collective linguistics-iq is frequently sub-par . 
  maybe we should be holding regular q&a sessions to keep non-linguist members up to speed , although that would kind of undermine the purpose of the sub as being a place where we can just make fun of bad linguistics without having to actually teach them anything . 
  ah , i was confusing it with [ this one ] ( http://what-if.xkcd.com/92/ ), 
  [ arabic ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ single-culture language ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ discovered ] ( #green - text ), 
  egypt , morocco , and syria have the same culture ? 
  someone pls inform press, 
  i had the exact reverse !, 
  well , that 's not necessarily true . 
  case in point : pre-prussian germany, 
  well , you could use w or wh or something but that 's horribly inaccurate . 
  edit : just remembered , in romanization of farsi it 's written with a `` gh '' which is n't terrible, 
  they are sort of necessary for transcribing arabic . 
  you would n't rather they just spoke in arabic letters , would you ? 
  yeah but arabic is by far the strongest example, 
  [ austria ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ same culture as germany ] ( #green - text ), 
  actually, 
  [ germany ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ same culture as germany ] ( #green - text ), 
  i 'll grant that liechtenstein 's culture probably is n't very distinct, 
  how does your conlang treat stress , intonation , and word rhythm ? 
  is it spoken fast ? 
  is there a great variation in the lengths of syllables ? 
  how is intonation typically used ? 
  etc, 
  but practically the only two things austria and germany have in common are german ( barely ! ), 
  and wurst, 
  well , bavaria 's more different than the rest, 
  austria briefly had a pu over spain, 
  aka loans, 
  different species ? 
  so , the first person to discover a place is the one who is second to arrive there ? 
  ah , only when opm . 
  it 's not even a vowel like a , it 's an approximant . 
  wait , does that mean it 's a glitch ? 
  well , that 's different . 
  monarchs rule for life , and pass on rule to their children . 
  presidents get elected every x years and do n't choose their successors ( unless your democracy is very very corrupt ) . 
  there 's lots of funny jokes you can make with individuals , but they 're not generally allowed in pb . 
  this exception is really startling . 
  but is n't countryballs talking about real people generally also considered cancerous ? 
  ( except when insulting each other , of course ), 
  lol, 
  trying to unite the tribes ? 
  i ca n't believe you 're not spain , that icky yellow stuff has gotten everywhere, 
  yeah `` gh '' usually represents the voiced velar fricative ( like `` ch '' in german but voiced ) . 
  in fact when it 's in the middle of words i believe it does represent that in romanized farsi , but i 'm not positive that there 's a centrally known romanization scheme , so it 's all kind of a moot point anyway . 
  that 's actually a pretty normal brunei, 
  i believe his dad started the entire trend of wearing wigs , because his family had an embarrassing history of baldness . 
  it seems the wigs got outta control pretty quick, 
  do you know why you have to be an opm for it ? 
  it seems like an odd design choice, 
  ah thanks !, 
  well i ca n't switch religion because i want to be shaman unfortunately . 
  maybe i can just start as yeren and eventually culture-shift . 
  but that means no colonization in the meantime and a non-uralic tag , damn . 
  maybe bankrupt myself as perm ? 
  hmmmmmmmm, 
  also , the plasmavore in `` smith and jones '' . 
  this has happened to lots of minority languages , but not on the scale of hebrew , no . 
  one in progress is the revival of the [ livonian language . 
  neither ever died in any meaningful sense . 
  common , but it was still an l2 . 
  the spanish nowhere near ever completely exterminated any native languages ( at least , not big ones like tagalog and cebuano ; they might have accidentally exterminated smaller ones ) . 
   whatever the hell, 
  downvoting in linked posts is bad and tantamount to brigading , pls do n't, 
  i am a biologist who 's often used the comparative method this approach is based on to produce phylogenies of various organisms , and i mostly agree . 
  while most rebuttals i 've read online against its application to linguistics tend to find deeper , more philosophical problems with it ( such as `` genes tell you everything about an organism , whereas phonology is only a small part of the language , '' which is absurd , since genes do n't even come close to telling you everything , and we do n't usually look at the whole genome anyway ) , my problems are simpler : these methods rely on being fairly confident in a set of priors , namely the frequencies with which the different changes happen , and the sixteen or so changes you can get in biology are a far cry from the huge space of possible sound changes , the probabilities of which we can hardly guess at . 
  there 's versions of the algorithm that do n't need as many priors , but they necessarily have less confidence . 
  the fact that it 's a swadesh list is less important . 
  we use data sets of similar size in biology , and if you do the math , they actually provide a whole lot of information about what happened , just due to the sheer number of potential configurations they could have adopted as opposed to this one . 
  that 's only if you have a good model , though , and the one used here is less than satisfactory imo . 
  someone 's conlang ? 
  - transover, 
  - google translate, 
  - tab for a cause, 
  - res, 
  i used to use youtube center but it was taken down . 
  i guess nothing good can last . 
  genetically not so much anymore . 
  or , well , not hungarians ; the invading magyars were , but hungarians were never . 
  we 're originally central asian settlers who got conquered by the magyars ( who left almost no genetic trace of their presence ) , but nowadays we 're barely genetically different from the slavs . 
  we still hold festivals like kurult\u00e1j , though , to celebrate our turkic heritage . 
  well , digg first, 
  thank you , i will take a look at it !, 
  i used to play with this exact species of toad as a kid in the local cemetery in a village in northeastern hungary . 
  i 'm pretty sure i singlehandedly eradicated them in that area . 
  where is your yard ? 
  for those who still do n't understand : the `` cock '' part rhymes with `` tow '' and `` low '' . 
  the `` burn '' is the same . 
  oh god the blocking is so awkward in the first scene , how come i never noticed this . 
  is he supposed to be looking at that screen ? 
  ah , i see what 's the difference .
