  everyone downvote the downvoter, 
  inb4 me as well, 
  so , if the earth were flat , i could use a telescope to see sydney from new york ? 
  whoa ... 
  i must buy one . 
   most likely because homophobia is associated with religion to a degree . 
  there , fixed that for you . 
  it 's one of the catchphrases of the internet . 
  or possibly only reddit ; i do n't really frequent the other parts . 
  now i want to knit my own !, 
  but i 'd probably be carried away with syntax coloring and knitting in the actual skeletal diagrams . 
  sorry , i thought that this is the sort of post that goes on / r/and . 
  are you asking because you 're an investor ? 
  if not , all the same . 
  my fantasy is to have a mirror on the wall that has a really thin and really densely-pixelled led strip facing down at the top . 
  if you orient the mirror just right , it shows what 's on the led !, 
  you 'd have to have an epic resolution for that , though . 
  sounds like a mix-and-match from my church . 
  everything is sung for us , but we still have crucifixes and pews . 
  well , very small crucifixes . 
  the big icons are pictures . 
  true dat . 
  hardly do i meet nowadays a christian who properly fears christ , in the manner wherein he is meant to be feared . 
  or , at all , really . 
  now it all seems to be about sympathizing with him , about coming to terms with him . 
  but he is n't as benevolent as that , as that i could comfortably share a room with him ( will there be unease ? 
  no ; but fear ? 
  of course ) . 
  atheists often like to point out parts of the bible in which god punishes people in a dreadful way , perhaps in one that may seem like unequal retaliation . 
  then , they mock us for extolling his love , and ask how we can believe such a god to be benevolent . 
  what they do n't know is that a true christian * fears * god for these things . 
  and if it is lost on the christians , then it is lost on their opponents as well . 
  clearly i have found the secret of reddit !, 
  stop misusing my favorite part of image wizardry !, 
  but seriously though , `` render clouds '' is the option that creates perlin noise ( or perhaps this variant makes simplex noise ? 
  i do n't think so ) . 
  it is meant to be used for generating terrain . 
  it 's usually what people mean when they say `` generated with fractal generation !!!!!!!! '' . 
  it should n't be used as a bg for a picture , because fuck multifunctionality i want my terrain . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  you must be new to the english language . 
  here , let me give you a tour :, 
  - verbs never conjugate for person except if it 's the third person singular , or if it 's the verb `` to be '' . 
  it 's not okay to leave off the subject then , either . 
  - comparison is randomly handled with either the endings '' - er '' and '' - est '' or with the adverbs `` more '' and `` most '' . 
  - there is never any way whatsoever to tell the second person singular apart from the plural . 
  second person plural is usually referred to with `` you all '' . 
  - we have collective nouns for everything . 
  they 're usually abstract and hilarious . 
  - we have a helping verb `` do/does/did / done '' that does absolutely nothing . 
  it 's compulsory to use it with a participle when you are asking a question , or negating a statement . 
  hence the oft-used combo `` did n't '' . 
  - on that token , our verbs can be combined into a billion different tenses and aspects by being an asshole about attaching participles to your helping verbs . 
  `` will keep having been done '' is a thing that exists . 
  - everything relies on word order . 
  every ordering paradigm conveys something different . 
  svo is a declarative statement . 
  where `` d '' is `` do/does/did / done '' , dsvo is interrogative . 
  vso is conditional but no one uses anymore . 
  essentially , anything else is formal and unused outside of the imitation of shakespeare , except that there is no such thing as osv , ovs , or vos , because the noun that comes first is automatically the subject , so the object can only come after the subject . 
  i hope you enjoy it !, 
  edit : wait , vso is still used as the interrogative of `` to be '' . 
  my bad . 
  shut thef fuck up, 
  they could be vestigial . 
  this is a repost , and a shittier one than the original . 
  i 'll be right back with the link . 
  now i want jello . 
  sorry , it 's just that the first definition for `` criticism '' that i get is `` the expression of disapproval of someone or something based on perceived faults or mistakes '' . 
  the second one is `` the analysis and judgment of the merits and faults of a literary or artistic work '' , though , so we 're all good . 
  i ca n't even begin to process this either . 
  so , this guy hates math ( a problem in itself !, 
  ) , but he took a major that had a lot of math in it by accident . 
  this is n't that incongruous ; however , this major was * computer science * . 
  there 's areas of it that are [ entirely math ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theoretical_computer_science ) !, 
  and the rest is , as you said , founded entirely upon math as well . 
  how can you like to be a programmer if you do n't like math ? 
  this is news to me . 
  lol remenber popcorn smelting ? 
  those were the fucking days, 
  nursing young . 
  hey u stole my mis pellong of meincarft111, 
  you 're imagining it . 
  it 's green , and the grinning head is obscured . 
  they 're the same bottom-down . 
  your poetry, 
  it is so bueatyful that i cry all of the times, 
  here , `` edit it enough '' means `` apply a gaussian blur '' . 
  this is the third repost . 
  please stop . 
  not the ones i was thinking of , but sure . 
  getting in early on the karma from the previous posts , huh ? 
  to be fair , no one 's peer-reviewed the bible , either . 
  it 's a comedy book . 
  i do n't think it was really invented by a six-year-old . 
  i love the lovecraftian representation of evolution !, 
  this is great !, 
  if , the title is false . 
  it 's the exact same top comment as one of the previous threads . 
  while working out in the weight room , i play all of vivaldi 's concertos in order .
