  come on , i expect better history from you than that !, 
  it 's a pickelhaube and , more to the point , all the soldiers wore it !, 
  `` kraut helmet '' would be more appropriate . 
  did you come from [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1pnd62/tea_commercial/cd43poh ) ? 
  because i was just staring at that link earlier today . 
  maybe because they are nearly at the end of the research tree , due to their sturdiness . 
  hilariously , reddit hides your comment . 
  that was only 5 minutes ago , actually !, 
  when i saw your post ( 7 minutes ago ) , it still made sense . 
  the thing about supersymmetry is that most good models predict it . 
  bonus points for knowing the other thing his name is referencing, 
  why yes , we do n't need specially equipped forces to deal with criminals , let a niche group of nerds do it instead . 
  then leave !, 
  what 's keeping you here ? 
  but it 's not an atom-by-atom basis , it 's about the place . 
  a place which orbits around the sun , and is n't very well-defined , but a place nevertheless . 
  the places in the photo frame will contain every puddle ever after , and contained every puddle ever before . 
  ( discounting extraterrestrial puddles . ), 
  if you really want to push it you can imagine that there 's countless stars and galaxies behind the earth a ways back , and the photo contains them too . 
  that 's a lot more amazing , really . 
  vaccines are more complicated than that ( but , obviously , you should still get them ) . 
  what about hungarians with \u0150 ? 
  there is already of one nordic finno-ugric country and almost another one ... 
  it would really only get cooked on one side , which does n't do it any good . 
  it falls and does n't turn , and the air gets compressed on its downward-facing side and cooks it on that side . 
  the other side does not have highly-compressed air on it , so it does n't get cooked ( actually , if anything it gets cooled ) . 
  then again , potatoes are great conductors of heat so maybe it could still work ? 
  tensor product = much greater fun, 
  you could bind it together more convincingly if you cut off the ends of the $ 1 bill and soaked the edges of each piece of paper in water and then laid them together to dry ... maybe . 
  this is only based on my experience in making paper . 
  of course , it would still look terrible given the picture on the front . 
  it 's not even blood red , it 's just brown ( maybe with a slight tinge of red ... sort of rust-colored ) . 
  i thought both roosters and hens had wattles ? 
  with that amount of air resistance ? 
  unless its center of mass is microscopically close to its center of drag , it will eventually stabilize . 
  i am a biomedical engineer . 
  you should trust me when i say that vaccines are n't as simple as `` kill/weaken the disease , and inject it '' . 
  even on wikipedia , you can find a section called `` adiuvants and preservatives '' . 
  read it . 
  sometimes , a vaccine does n't contain the disease at all . 
  ever since we figured out how to genetically engineer bacteria to produce arbitrary proteins for us , we 've been able to make vaccines that contain only the antigen and not the disease itself . 
  brain man, 
  or badly in need of money , or badly wanting money, 
  you could use a thermal noise source , or a photon beamsplitter ( leading to hilarious implications for those that support many-worlds ) , but a small radiation source would n't be lead-suit-and-cancer bad . 
  what ? 
  hell no i 'm not defending , it 's just we should n't jump to conclusions . 
  he might be a sociopath , but it 's naive to think that it 's the only option . 
  that changes everything then . 
  sorry , reddit users are n't really known for knowing a lot about things . 
  i assumed you were going off a simplistic understanding of it . 
  i guess i 'm the same age as you , having gotten my bachelor 's degree last year ( in biomed eng , believe it or not ; that is in fact a thing ) and just started a phd program ( in bioe + nanotech ) at ucsf/berkeley ( it 's joint ) . 
  it 's mostly courses atm , but i 'm starting a bit of protein engineering , working on improving de novo design ( which is pretty shit as of right now ) . 
  i make ... not so much . 
  i 'm glad i learned how to cook on a low budget ; potatoes are versatile . 
  i 've been pretty much preparing for this my whole life and it 's not the least bit disappointing . 
  ^ ( okay maybe a little . 
  i 'd like to do research full time . 
  i guess that 'll come later . ), 
   in a realistic scenario, 
   target is 25k words, 
  if you find a really inspirational idea , you 're bound to overshoot that by , like , a lot . 
  once i had what i thought was a pretty okay idea for a fic , and i ended up writing 38k words in 3 nights , instead of sleeping . 
  bioe is a very `` jack of all trades '' field . 
  it 's notorious for covering a lot of topics in little detail . 
  it 's possible to pass off most anything as bioe , and one of those things is protein engineering . 
  the true idea behind my research is that i want to eventually design proteins that assemble ( into ? ), 
  a little nanomachine , that can be used to treat/investigate a disease , such as cancer . 
  look up [ theranostic nanomedicine ] ( http://www.nibib.nih.gov/research/labs-at-nibib/laboratory-molecular-imaging-and-nanomedicine-lomin/theranostic-nanomedicine ) . 
  however right now i 'm taking it one step at a time and testing the ropes of de novo protein design individually . 
  i 'm trying to design a protein that will synthesize a drug . 
  [ the mystery of why grad students make so little is one for the ages . 
  i 'm rescuing jeb from low solar orbit . 
  holy shit , wow . 
  that must have been a tough one . 
  when i was depressed , i did n't really feel lonely ... in fact , i barely felt anything , except maybe nihilistic . 
  then again , i hardly ever feel lonely when i 'm alone or otherwise . 
  liar , that 's clearly a planet, 
  as someone who has auditory hallucinations fairly regularly ( not schizo though ) , you pretty much hit the nail on the head for those . 
  thank you . 
  what is this , solution chemistry ? 
  for vxing you get one or two additional redox steps due to the modified orbitals , you know that . 
  cl ^ ( 2 + ) , thank you very much . 
  ^ ( i may only be so anal about this because the majority of my papers are in quantum vx theory . ), 
  we 'd still be championing ert-compliance over accepting our quantum world for what it is , that 's what . 
  you 're thinking of the 00s . 
  in 1871 vx theory was n't formalized or recognized yet -- carrol would only have been using something like a crude oblidisk or such , not a whole vx , and definitely not one with a model name . 
  the american right wing is rather left compared to the rest of the world ( not counting the tea party , which i think goes orthogonally to that whole scale ) . 
  hell , in hungary , our right wing literally wants to remove all non-goulash from premises . 
  did germany immediately decide that it 's reich time after the treaty like that ? 
  i 'm more excited for the data ; i 'd love to find out exactly what trace gases are making jupiter so colorful at the belts . 
  now , * new horizons * , i would love to see the pictures from , because [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/pluto_animiert_200px.gif ) is pathetic . 
  for me it 's always like the first one , but the leaves are * wet * . 
  because mali , songhay , great zimbabwe , ghana , axum , and kilwa never existed , and because the size of your buildings is indicative of your level of civilization . 
  it 's far away , but so is triton and we have great pictures of that . 
  the fact that we have n't sent any probes that way is what is slightly frustrating . 
  my god , the purity to which you guys distilled those brba memes is worthy of heisenberg himself . 
  i arrived late to the party and just got done with this episode . 
  this scene broke my heart more than anything else in brba . 
  no , switzerland is into circular , and buys 20000 km of radius for 1 b kroner . 
  that is , they into taking over entire world ( because pi \\* earth radius/20000 km is about 1 ) .
