  all you can do is let it wash over you , unnerve you in this strange world . 
  space and questions, 
  it is impossible to find flat ground , the terrain mainly made up of a grey bubbly substance reminiscent of soap bubbles but hard as rock . 
  travel is nigh-impossible without a proper set of large shoes , as one 's foot is bound to dip into a radially perfect hole every few steps if its owner is unwary . 
  rolling hills compose the landscape , all quite grey and as uniform from one square metre to the next . 
  the sky is a series of extremely thin , curly , pastel-coloured lines stretched across the white void . 
  the air seems to buzz in your ears , rendering linear thought impossible , and leaving every chain of propositions unconcluded . 
  it is the buzz of anticipation , as though the world itself were waiting for something profound , a satisfactory answer to some \u00e6ons-old query so that it may finally relax , and fall into a deep , muted slumber . 
  it all teeters on the brink of uncertainty , eventually driving one mad with anxiety . 
  all of 'em , about reverse order of creation , save the last , which is the most recent . 
  these were all typed at light speed on an iphone , with very sparing use of the backspace key . 
  so please excuse any typographical errors ( such as one `` has '' to a `` had '' ) . 
  there was no forethought to these either , so some of my sentences kind of got away from me . 
  please excuse those as well . 
  [ part 1.5 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/rdvov/wrote_several_land_of_x_and_y_compositions_over/ ), 
  [ part 2 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/rdvkt/wrote_several_land_of_x_and_y_compositions_over/ ), 
  shores and fog, 
  the sand is wet and flat , as though a wave had rolled up onto it . 
  and this could be true for the parts of the island near the shore . 
  however , you are inland , where the ground has no business being wet , yet somehow is . 
  you can not tell how far inland , because of the fog obscuring your view . 
  you have a dim idea of how far you 've walked to get here , but you see barely ten feet in front of you , so you have no idea how long this island goes on for . 
  all you know is that enough walking will eventually get you to the other side : sometimes five minutes is adequate , other times it takes over an hour of meandering to cross . 
  the air had the countenance of the dark morning : things are lit pale , bluish , coming from an unseen sun you suspect is under the horizon . 
  you watch behind you , and see that your footsteps have dissipated , in the manner of those that might have been washed away by the sea . 
  they always smoothen downwards on the slope they fall on , as though the nonexistent waves were coming from that direction . 
  the island does n't have too many other features besides the curious sand . 
  dark , jagged rocks jut out here and there , ranging in size from bricks to refrigerators to houses . 
  the fog seems to be getting thicker . 
  you had better find higher ground . 
  dread and hats ( this one is unfinished . ), 
  the sunless sky glows a dim orange , throwing everything into a perpetual twilight . 
  the landscape is a series of steep , dry , grassy hills , frequently punctuated by tall dirt cliffs that cast impossibly large shadows over anything under them . 
  you kick a few misshapen shale stones , sending them tumbling over the edge and onto the barely-visible ground tens of metres below . 
  oh , surprise , it hit a hat . 
  the other strange feature of this land is the collection of tattered , dirty hats strewn all over the place . 
  they vary in size and shape , but they are mostly once-white top hats , now crumpled over and colored with dirt and soot . 
  none of these hats fit , despite coming in every conceivable size . 
  oceans and sundials, 
  the sea washes softly up onto the flat , rocky coast . 
  it is yet another partly cloudy day , with the sun currently inconveniently obscured by an insolent cloud . 
  this will soon pass , and the massive sundial on your island will function once more . 
  the pointed obsidian gnomon extends high into the sky , an arcane triangle with a stylistic circular hole in the center surrounded by a few other such smaller holes . 
  around it are cracked , ornate inscriptions , deeply etched , huge figures in the ground , useless to you because of the unfamiliar counting system that they use to tell the time . 
  inside some of the larger cracks grows a wild form of grass . 
  some particularly fractured sections of the island have turned into green `` hotspots '' , hosting patches of grass and even a few small bushes . 
  near the shore , the rock has been worn away . 
  the water has flown inland , guided by the etches in the ground , deepening them . 
  in some cases , this has created tide pools , parts of the sundial that now harbor sea life . 
  over the horizon , you can just barely make out a couple more islands , with their own gnomons . 
  you contemplate swimming to them , but what good would that do ? 
  these islands are all alike -- mysterious sundials hewn from stone , decayed with age , dotting the endless ocean . 
  tension and peaks, 
  you survey the landscape : it is the same as ever , mountain after snowy mountain with no end in sight in any direction . 
  you turn back , treading very lightly , for even the smallest misstep could start a gigantic avalanche , burying you under the ice forever . 
  the air is clear as crystal today , both in sight and in scent ; the exceedingly fresh air nips at your nose , giving you the impression that you are breathing in something tangible and refreshing . 
  however , be that as it may , it is still very thin up here : even the slightest exertion results in panting . 
  the sky is a blinding , deep blue , blending into the surrounding white mountains streaked with gray . 
  you see clouds on the horizon ; this means that a snowstorm is coming , and you 'd best be prepared for it . 
  if you stayed at such a low level as you are now , doubtless the resulting landslides will get to you . 
  you can not be quite sure when it will hit , which makes the trip up to the apex all the more important . 
  if someone had once lived here , they have n't left much behind . 
  you come across the occasional rope bridge , and the myriad hidden caves contain burnt charcoal every so often . 
  sometimes , you find a short , tattered triangular black flag with a rusty stem , perhaps marking some path long ago forgotten . 
  however , besides this , it is just you , the rock , and the snow . 
  you cast a long gaze at the epic horizon , and then start heading upwards . 
  glass and soul, 
  the ground under your feet is as smooth as its patent material , glass . 
  at the horizon it bends the light from the stylized sun into thick waves and ripples , making it easy to see how the hilly terrain is shaped . 
  beneath the transparent material swirls a colorful fluid , neither quite liquid nor gaseous in its properties . 
  it gathers closer to where you are , flowing about and around your position on the floor . 
  if you will hard enough you can scatter it , leaving a temporarily bare patch beneath you , but the strange mist will only regroup once more . 
  the the sun does n't seem to be the only thing emitting light : the sky itself is blindingly blue , hurting your eyes a bit if taken full-frontal . 
  its luminescence emphasizes your actions , your every movement leaving imprints in the air . 
  in fact , looking back , you can clearly see the trail that you have created in your trek , immortalized in the soap-bubble-colored disturbances in the air like trails in a bubble chamber . 
  the brilliant ambiance clothes you ; you can hear it filling your ears , you can smell it inside your nose , you can feel it getting inside every pore of your body . 
  despite this , you do not feel hot , or indeed lukewarm . 
  it is light and nothing more . 
  you put on a sweater . 
  ash and compromise ( i had nightmares after writing this . ), 
  the soot covers the grassy plateau as far as the eye can see . 
  the clouds are n't much better , being only a slightly lighter shade of grey than the ground below . 
  occasionally , you will come by a defoliated tree , or the charred skeleton of what might have once been a two-story wooden home . 
  they all have a shadowy shape sitting at their bottoms , a dejected , not-quite-opaque fellow with hardly any visible features . 
  he sits hunched over in a doorway , or under the largest limb of a tree . 
  he wears a frock coat and cylindrical hat , black as the rest of his surroundings , unmoving save the tiny bit of up and down motion that accompanies breath . 
  there is no sun , no shadows , and no darkness , only silence . 
  everything is lit with a bleak light that seems to spring from the air itself . 
  the temperature is just below your fancy , making it too cold for a long-sleeve shirt yet too hot for a sweater . 
  occasionally a gust of wind sweeps up some ash , and carries it around in a funnel for a short while , and futilely deposits it somewhere else , having accomplished nothing in its endeavors , as there seems to be an infinite supply of the substance everywhere . 
  streets and agriculture, 
  how the roads are paved varies from place to place . 
  near the gleaming water terraces , it is dark mud , while around the vast fields of wheat and corn , it is grey gravel . 
  they occasionally even lend themselves to rope bridges around the floating platforms of tubers in the swamps . 
  they stretch in all directions , occasionally meeting but never having a higher order to their logic . 
  the climate varies by region . 
  it is quite dry and warm around the patches of flat field , cracking the earth where it had not received enough water . 
  at the rice terraces , the air has a distinctly sharp quality to it , being somewhat cold yet sufficiently humid . 
  in the swampy forests , the water tends to flood often , wiping away the crops only to have them mysteriously regrow within a season . 
  the movements will be as follows :,
