  what kind of ego do you even need to consider that plausible enough to tell reddit about ? 
  a lot of states have exceptions for certain kinds of goods . 
  in this case , prepared food . 
  for texas ? 
  the place people picture as an arid desert ? 
  30 f is really cold . 
  wig ? 
  oh of course . 
  i grew up in cold places myself . 
  i 'd just be surprised to see below-freezing temperatures in a hot place like texas . 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  i doubt this post will reach any moon landing-denying people , or people who will ever meet any moon landing-denying people . 
  so ... one crab ? 
  implying that they 'll do worse than average ? 
  not necessarily . 
  a trivial example is odd-numbered class sizes , and classes where more than half of the students get the same score . 
  but there 's also , for example , a class of 4 where the grades are 100 , 95 , 90 , and 50 . 
  the most you can say is that it will never be the case that everybody is below average , and it will also never be the case that everybody is above average . 
  so that you can stick it into something and pull it with it . 
  whatever you meant , what i said applies to that too , unless : you 're taking `` average '' to mean `` median '' , in which case it 's only wrong if an amount of people get exactly as much as the median ; or a symmetric distribution is somehow enforced . 
  sorry , i 'm procrastinating very hard right now, 
  sorry , i never did do well in my stats classes ... what am i missing ? 
  ah , but i 'm not procrastinating for finals . 
  i 'm a grad student , i have work to do . 
  imo good professors do n't curve . 
  if it 's a class where you ca n't realistically get above a 70 , then use a more lenient grading scale , but do n't curve it based on the distribution of scores . 
  we should n't breed competitiveness . 
  i made thermite and napalm . 
  sideways , or crushed together very tightly . 
  technically , bronze is an alloy of copper and tin ... 
   same guy who designed the voting algorithm on reddit, 
  this one 's quite sophisticated actually . 
  for the first 24 hours after a post is made , votes matter logarithmically less and less over time to determine the ranking of the post . 
  ( the values of votes already made will change over time . ), 
  after a vote is 24 hours old , its value will decrease * exponentially * . 
  the result is that posts that are upvoted early will rise quickly , and then get flushed under after 24 hours , while the rest of the posts never become popular . 
  also , old popular posts get `` fossilized '' roughly in the order that they became popular . 
  the side effect is that this encourages posts that take very little time to think about . 
  the fifa ranking , meanwhile , is completely random . 
  it 's not gas , it 's plasma , is n't it ? 
  or i guess a lot of both . 
  it 's common to know, 
  oh my god , sorry !, 
  i knew i was missing someone !, 
  as someone who wants to move to switz after he gets his phd , this does not bode well for my future ... 
  valine : a form of propane, 
  leucine : a form of butane, 
  isoleucine : ditto, 
  serine : a form of methanol, 
  tryptophan : scary, 
  viruses and bacteria : contain protein, 
  proteins are out to kill us !, 
  he 's probably a geologist . 
  [ reminds me vaguely of traditional m\u0101ori tatoos . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:tukukinolindauer.jpg ), 
  rare genetic disorders make the organism beautiful and unique , and occasionally , studying its developmental mechanism might lead to medical advances for humans ( e.g. , ciliopathy in model organisms like sea urchins , causing interesting structural defects , is related to channelopathy in humans , causing cystic fibrosis ) . 
  but it 's really the `` beautiful and unique '' part that matters , at least to me . 
  have you ever seen a left-handed spiral on a snail shell ? 
  it 's really , really , really rare , and it does n't look any different from a right-handed spiral , in terms of visual composition . 
  but its uniqueness makes it valuable , and its shell precious . 
  i 'd personally argue against killing a 30-point buck as well , and a white whale . 
   not as racist, 
  we 're not as racist ? 
  i mean , germany is n't as much , i guess ... 
  we hate slovaks ? 
  i always vacationed in slovakia and everybody i knew generally agreed that their food was great . 
  my family has lots of slovak friends and we visit each other all the time . 
  it might have to do with geography ; i lived near/in miskolc . 
  i should go ask my family in kecskem\u00e9t how they feel . 
  edit : via facebook : apparently they feel apathetic towards them, 
  central europe : germany , hungary , and who cares who else, 
  also who is north ? 
  scandinavia ? 
  great britain ? 
  *** oh thank god ***, 
  more than romanians ? 
  edit : it was a joke, 
  amcs exclusively, 
   implying fluorine ca n't make as good a sheet, 
  ^ ( ( before you all kill me , it was a joke ) ^ ), 
  edit : wait , you 're actually off . 
  nitrogen , oxygen , fluorine , and argon are all smaller than carbon , and all the elements you listed , except h and he , are bigger . 
  with all the organic elements , suddenly a stronger sheet does n't sound so crazy !, 
  wow you 're right !, 
  i could have sworn the side chain had five carbons but nope ... 
  with proteins it 's even worse . 
  you have `` contains proteins '' on the bottle , but people would freak out if you told them that it contained `` glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase '' on it . 
  what 's so hard to pronounce about that ? 
  it 's just [ r\u00f8dgr\u00f8d m\u03b5d fl\u00f8de ] , is n't it ? 
  yeah , but, 
  1 . it 's a singularity , so the matter inside is unstructured and inspecific, 
  1 . it 's under enormous amounts of pressure , so it would n't be atoms anyway even if it were n't a singularity, 
  qed not a chemical, 
  was this on the internet , or irl ? 
  `` dumbshit nazi '' is an insult i ca n't picture anyone saying in real life . 
  by the way , where do you live so i can never move there ? 
  oh man i am so excited for * tropical freeze * . 
  i loved * returns * in every way , but it left out my two favorite environments : ice and underwater !, 
  and here , it 's an entire * game * based on ice , and it looks from the gameplay videos is there 's going to be underwater levels as well , so it 's shaping up to be objectively better than * returns * . 
  atomic radius .
