  they were , though, 
  how well-attested is it ? 
  is it an old hungarian ( two or three paragraphs ) , an etruscan ( a shortish essay ) , an archaic chinese ( a longish essay ) , or what ? 
  anatomically , it 's part of its skeleton . 
  there is n't a good human analogy , but in that case it 's definitely more `` clothes '' than `` house '' . 
  what i hate more than this is that then they do n't write down the rules at the login page , so i do n't remember which version of my password i used for this . 
  ( not that i use the same password for everything ; i mentally `` hash '' the url of the login page to generate the password base and go from there . ), 
  i have the opposite opinion . 
  both were really well-done , but * the martian * just was n't very interesting to watch , especially after i 'd already read the book, 
  if nothing else , how would you enforce this ? 
  that 's the biggest reason why nobody 's implemented something like this ever . 
  remember the megapause ? 
  that was considered so huge back then, 
  tbf , north korea calls itself joseon while south korea does not , but that has n't got to do with a lot . 
  it looks pretty weird on this slide to me . 
  it reminds me of all the poorly formatted slides i 've ever seen . 
  to troll my students , i should find out how to get comic sans in latex . 
  also / r/me _ irl, 
  \\ - abraham lincoln , 1951, 
   the korean language has existed for centuries before hangul . 
  yes , everyone knows the story of that one early medieval chinese clerk who became frustrated with his low performance on his chinese exams and went to the peninsula to found his own language , with blackjack and hookers . 
  the stereogram is also one of the coolest i 've ever seen , it 's proper 3d is what it is . 
  it 's two dolphins above an open treasure chest and two more columns . 
  rad . 
  it 's onomatopoeia for someone yelling `` newspooooost '', 
  ummmm , you know china is actually an entire continent , not a city , * right ?? 
  make cars out of incompressible fluids, 
  the wankel engine or something newer ? 
  iirc wankel engines are relatively unreliable compared to piston engines, 
  / r/vaporwaveaesthetics, 
  it 's a joke . 
  i thought it would be too dumb for people to think i was being serious , but i guess that 's impossible on reddit ... 
  how else would it be pronounced ? 
  was the article written for people without the don/dawn merger ? 
  i mean they fail more often , but i see your point, 
  so , what 's the southest place then ? 
  i like these a lot actually . 
  it 's art , like the time the technion wrote out the torah on a really tiny square . 
  or some dude wrote out the indian anthem on a grain of rice . 
  i did n't know it was n't obscure . 
  i buy it from a small local ultra-hippy grocery store . 
  do n't worry , there 's / r/lewronggeneration to mock that stereotype, 
  feel better :(, 
  this chart makes it look like proto-sinaitic descends from cuneiform . 
  does n't it descend from hieratic ? 
  something something fork her repo, 
  do they practice circumcision in westeros ? 
  i really , really , doubt it . 
  source : have an uncircumcised penis, 
  honestly though , if sanders wins then the next step is voting in a congress that will actually cooperate with him . 
  the taller one 's either an l or a pipe, 
  this is entirely not the point . 
  the point is lumping an entire continent together into one concept shows that rowling does n't really give a shit about the native americans . 
  and if we do n't give a shit about them , then eventually their cultures and languages will disappear , and an incredibly valuable piece of history and humanity will be lost . 
  you may think this sounds alarmist , or like some sort of slippery slope or what have you . 
  but trust me , it will almost surely happen , and we need to keep up the fight as long as possible . 
  my people , the hungarians , do n't have any close relatives . 
  not even any sort of close relatives . 
  this is mainly because our forbearers , the magyars , were wiped out by the mongols everywhere except in the carpathian basin . 
  we have no siblings , we have no cousins . 
  the closest living language to hungarian is northern mansi , spoken in our homeland of western siberia . 
  northern mansi sounds nothing like hungarian . 
  it has less than 1000 speakers . 
  ( southern and western mansi are already dead . ), 
  most of the speakers live on a single reservation , and none of them are young . 
  i will probably live to see the last mansi speaker die . 
  * this is what happens when you do n't care about your endemic minorities . 
  * they die , and they are irreplaceable.this summer i will make a trip to khanty-mansiysk , and spend a week there talking with mansis and khantys ( a closely related people to the mansis ) , listening to their yet living languages for what will probably be the last time . 
  once they die , hungarian will be that much more alone , and its history will be that much murkier . 
  because the russians could n't give two shits about their natives , it has come to this . 
  they have assimilated , and will soon leave no trace . 
  please do n't let this happen to you and your people , america . 
  it is incredibly sad and entirely preventable . 
  the middle east has its several thousand year old archaeological treasures that are getting lost , like those temples getting destroyed by is . 
  the us 's historical treasures are in its people , and they may get destroyed too . 
  do n't let them . 
  in berkeley , there is a giant tuning fork at a particularly busy intersection . 
  look at the state of the gop . 
  i doubt they 're getting in office any time soon . 
  but look at what it 's taking to get this much turnout this cycle . 
  surely there will be people who vote sanders and then think , `` okay , let 's go home , we 're done . '', 
  i like thorne a lot less , since he seems to go out of his way to be an asshole , while ken m just benignly says something ken m-y and everyone gets angry all on their own . 
  but it 's not like you always elect the president at the same time as you elect the congress . 
  this november , yes , a cooperative senate can be voted in , but congressional elections are on a two-year cycle . 
  funny thing is , in the us those are basically homophones, 
  we are all rescue workers on this blessed day , 
  i am all rescue workers on this blessed day , 
  also all that cheap labor, 
  well , we * had * low-skill jobs , and then it was discovered that copying russia 's steel mills was n't paying off . 
  it 's true , my home village does n't have one yet . 
  but the city next to us has three , and that 's alright . 
  jesus , i ca n't take it anymore !, 
  reddit is now completely run by the corporations . 
  ^ ( still buying that gum , though . ), 
  [ my zach-o-meter is detecting something ] ( http://m.imgur.com/uekewua ), 
  dunno , it sounds possible to just grow the stigma against owning guns until most people support banning them completely . 
  there 's definitely already a stigma in place anyways . 
  sorry for being so brief , but this sounds very unlikely , partly because of the nature of the loans ( from arabic to taino , for fruits native to the taino ? ), 
  and the utter lack of archaeological evidence . 
  if you want to make a good case for it , come up with sound correspondences and dig for any archaeological evidence relating to the contact .
