  pfft , i speak hungarian . 
  we eat words that long for breakfast !, 
  ( not literally ; our dishes are usually only 4 or 5 syllables , and top out at 6 with libam\u00e1jp\u00e1st\u00e9tom . 
  i suppose if you added - unkat , `` our '' + accusative marker , to it , then it 's as long . ), 
  bismuth os !, 
  that 's a strange dm you had . 
  all the dms i 've dived with had absolutely no qualms spearing all the lionfish we came across . 
  i would n't even be able to get it with a knife , let alone a rock . 
  they move pretty darn fast . 
  spring-loaded spear , that 's where it 's at ( when it works ) . 
  that 's really , really terrible . 
  ( if they 're really pulling people out of hospitals , though , that might lead to a net increase in lives . 
  but it would be way better to just imprison or educate them . ), 
  which also makes it more likely the gas escaped from the balloons in the first place . 
  the denialists . 
  also here 's me saying one of our `` longest words '' ( although really you can construct arbitrarily long words in hungarian ) , `` megszents\u00e9gtelen\u00edthetetlens\u00e9gesked\u00e9seitek\u00e9rt '' : http://vocaroo.com/i/s0iq5mutrvwv, 
  sorry the recordings are so shitty . 
  but , you ca n't enjoy a shower thought if it 's * wrong . 
  what 's the report for the militia commander ? 
  maybe not directly , but it 's probably possible to do something that would eventually lead to the creation of one ... 
  fine , some other language . 
  dogs in basque country . 
  yeah , but my suggestion is exactly as broken as the original , as opposed to the post which is more like `` was able in space '', 
  my superpower would be cancer , then . 
  :( ( ethidium bromide ), 
  on the other hand , henrietta lacks has a completely undesirable form of immortality . 
  http://vocaroo.com now, 
  the terrible thing is , english is n't a topic-prominent language . 
  ( meaning you could tell what 's being emphasized like that just from the structure of the sentence ), 
  amazing comic !, 
  one of the best ever made . 
  polandball comics typically do n't have sound effects , but this put them to great use . 
  ( although , china ? 
  i know it 's scary , but a superpower ? ), 
  still finding it difficult to characterize clara in my head . 
  what sorts of distinguishing features does she have ? 
  twelve mentions egomania , and control freak-ness , but i do n't see it . 
  i think the problem is her history was poorly set up and now we need to characterize her on the fly . 
  this episode did okay with that , i think . 
  telling her she knows the doctor best in the universe was really cheesy and probably untrue , though . 
  twelve is great !, 
  not sure what he means about `` time i did something about that '' , but we 'll probably see later . 
  the `` scottish '' part was the best . 
  the plot was interesting . 
  i 'm glad they made the connection to the s.s. madame du pompadour . 
  but it 's okay * not * to be intelligent in `` other matters '' as well . 
  that 's part of the reason why the contents of this sub are so cringey . 
  well , who 's the celebrity these people always point to ? 
  ( could people please not downvote this guy ? 
  mind-blowing as it is , there 's seriously people who do n't know what kim kardashian looks like , maybe because they 're not from the us , or they 're bad at remembering faces , or they 're good at avoiding celebrity gossip ), 
  muslim does something bad ? 
  they 're a muslim . 
  muslim does something good ? 
  they 're a person . 
  it 's not * bad * to say that he 's a good person , because that 's true and people really should be like this , but could we * please * recognize this as a positive for muslims ? 
  it 's not fair , otherwise , if the only muslims recognized are terrorists . 
  edit : there 's a lot of people with the complaint that , since the fact that this person is good is independent of the fact that he is a muslim , my claim does n't generalize . 
  to you guys : you 're completely right about this not necessarily saying anything good about islam itself . 
  ( although , it does show that at least it 's possible for people like this to exist under islam , but that 's a really low bar and the fact that islam passes it probably does n't surprise anyone . ), 
  my post is n't about islam , though ; it 's about muslims . 
  i 've met too many people who automatically dislike muslims , because they keep reading in the news that muslim terrorists keep killing people , as well as simply because muslims are different . 
  this video averts those expectations , and what i 'd really like it to do for those people is to make them see muslims as having at least a slightly larger portion of good people than they previously thought it had ( because this one guy represents a whole lot of other muslims with good hearts ) . 
  both for the sake of better understanding the situation in the middle east , and for better getting along with their own muslim neighbors . 
  needs to reflect light to be able to be photographed , imo . 
  what bothers me is n't that there are n't any comments recognizing this as a positive face of islam , it 's that the comment `` correcting '' the top-level comment has over a hundred more points than its parent . 
  meaning more people agree with the correction than the initial statement !, 
  that 's what 's unfair ; a sizeable number of people , possibly a majority ( not certainly , though , because there 's other reasons to upvote the correction ) are just willfully ignoring the fact that he 's muslim at all . 
  that 's a fair point , but there 's still the question of the public perception of muslims as people , not the perception of islam the religion itself . 
  while this might not say much about islam , it does show that there 's more good people among muslims than some people might have previously thought . 
  i edited the post to say `` positive for muslims '' rather than `` positive for islam '' in order to make this more clear . 
  is that better ? 
  definitions of things vary based on who you ask . 
  i prefer to think of photographing something as collecting light that bounces off of it , because i think it 's kind of dumb to say you are showing someone a picture of oxygen if you ca n't tell the oxygen is there . 
  but just the fact that someone thought of oxygen as the most photographed thing shows that they think of photography as a different thing altogether . 
  words get their definitions from how people use them , not the other way around , so neither of us are `` wrong '' , but i still think one definition is more useful than the other ( and more intuitive ) . 
  hmm , you 've been talking to different people than me . 
  :\\ most of the people i 've met ( around europe and asia ; i actually live in america during the fall and spring and sometimes winter , but there 's not so many muslims there ) dislike muslims , probably not for entirely rational reasons , but also because terrorists tend to be muslim . 
  i was thinking this video might help such people get more comfortable with their muslim neighbors , who , regardless of the fact that muslim terrorists * exist * , are probably not terrorists . 
  / r/worldnews also seems to outright hate muslims , but they seem to outright hate most people . 
  texas is an anomaly !, 
  [ unfortunately , he explained it . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2efn10/iraqi_tv_host_breaks_down_in_tears_speaking_about/cjz7mk3?context=3 ), 
  i like the imagery , but i 'd prefer more moving music , like in the series 4 intro . 
  the weirdness of the music is fine , but the fact that it 's so toned-down does n't fit the new , more serious doctor . 
  no problem !, 
  i wish . 
  :( i 've barely made a dent with my work ( biomedical engineering ), 
  being part of a non-english-speaking household growing up , my mother 'd do this to me in public all the time . 
  as well as discussing strangers , she * loved * to do that . 
  since you ca n't point to someone to show who they are , because then they 'd know you 're talking about them , we got really great at deictic discourse ( in this context , that means using demonstrative pronouns ) . 
  once i sat in a pool of it in transylvania . 
  the locals there claimed it was good for you . 
  it was some sort of leak from underground ; i 'm not sure exactly what geological process produced it . 
  it was n't just h2s , it was also carbon dioxide . 
  the way that you were supposed to test where the air ended and the pool began was that you took a lighter , lit it , and lowered it , until its flame went out . 
  this is a terrible idea for pure h2s , which has a 4 in the red part of the fire diamond , but thankfully the gas was mostly co2 . 
  it 's not like you really needed the lighter , though , because you could kind of tell where the surface was because everything below it was kind of hazy . 
  i even stuck my head under the gas , holding my breath , and opened my eyes . 
  wow , that was a terrible idea . 
  and of course , throughout the whole thing , it smelled pretty terrible ( but you got used to it in a couple minutes ) .
