  also , why would you want to give anyone who knows your name the ability to look up your face ? 
  yeah , if you want to aim for `` good '' you can pick shaman , for example, 
  this costs less than dirty rat + removal , usually . 
  it 's not very balanced if one card does the same thing as a two-card combo for the same cost . 
  ( granted , the dirty rat combo usually also gets you a 2/6 , but that 's not really enough to compensate for the fact that it 's two cards . 
  also , this card can destroy a minion in your opponent 's hand with no drawback if you do n't have a unit in your hand . ), 
  almost a soulfire without the downside, 
  or for when you need to win as freeze mage, 
  this plus kel ` thuzad plus defender of argus , sunfury protector , sparring partner ... 
  this is really , really bad for us ! '', 
  i would love to see a design like this in un ` goro . 
  an incredibly annoying card with a very simple counter ( eater of secrets ) . 
  definitely the theodoro , since bohemia has hostile coring cost increase, 
  this is a very , very cool design . 
  ca n't quite figure out if it 's costed right ; comparing cabalist 's tome at 5 and firelands portal at 7 , this gives you the same amount of card value as ct but one of the cards comes into play immediately and you 're denied a card draw , while this has a lot more consistent value than fp but does n't swing tempo nearly as much . 
  overall , maybe a bit cheap at 7 , but maybe a bit expensive at 8 ( call of the wild was 8 , which immediately summoned 3 synergistic minions valued at 4 each ) . 
  imo it 's good to err on the side of viability . 
  the flavor is also really great on this , and makes me wish that `` time '' flavor were explored more thoroughly in hearthstone . 
  is mage even the class we want to give a time-flavored card to ? 
  no class particularly owns time as a flavor , but i guess card advantage is mainly a mage , priest , and rogue thing , so it probably fits ? 
  edit : also compare ethereal conjurer at 5 , which gets you a 6/3 and another card 's worth of advantage . 
   ice lance, 
  ah , but it 's so long and evenly paced that reading it feels like reading a really , really long marathon . 
  it 's a good read , but you need a lot of resolve to pick it up and actually read it . 
   i remember reading that this was actually completely intentional , with a goal of having each frequently used character denoted by a single code-point . 
  this may have been in the days of lore , when there was still hope to fit everything in 16 bits . 
  the real answer is that for basically every script used for a human language , there are not that many letters overall , even accounting for diacritics , and they would fit easily on the first three planes . 
  ~ ~ ( combinatorically , korean probably has the most possible combinations out of any non-logographic script , and we still manage to have a code point for every syllable . 
  ) ~ ~ rather , the combining diacritics are almost entirely linguistic tools for recording languages without standardized writing systems , or where their writing system does n't unambiguously specify their pronunciation ( which is , surprisingly , all of them , to a degree ) . 
  this comes in two specific forms :, 
  - use of combining diacritics in ipa , an alphabet which * is * supposed to unambiguously specify pronunciation , although in practice there is always a degree of fudging-and-clarifying . 
  this is where combining diacritics find most of their use ; for example , ipa has a diacritic to indicate that a glyph that normally indicates a voiced phoneme indicates an unvoiced one here , the little circle under the z in / z\u0325 / . 
  ipa has over a hundred different base glyphs , and this diacritic can and will be applied to nearly any of them , even ones you would n't expect ; for example , / p / is n't even a voiced phoneme , but it contrasts with another phoneme in korean and alemannic in a way that is difficult for ipa to describe natively ( they contrast in `` tenseness '' ) , so we write that second phoneme as / p\u0325 / or / b\u0325 / . 
  and this might not even be the only diacritic we want on the phoneme ; for example , if you have a non-syllabic , somewhat-rounded , lowered , retracted , devoiced near-close front vowel , then that 's five diacritics , / e\u031e\u0320\u0339\u0325\u032f / . 
  ( in practice , we 'd leave off the placement diacritics and clarify elsewhere that it 's actually lowered , retracted , and kinda rounded , but this option is open . ), 
  in ipa , we want to be able to stack an arbitrary number of diacritics onto arbitrary glyphs , so it makes sense to have the combinatorial system rather than having a code point for every possible combination . 
  - use of inventing working scripts for languages that do n't have them . 
  these will generally be derived from ipa , and one may need to put diacritics on new glyphs in the process . 
  for example , many north american and sub-saharan african indigenous languages have tone systems but no canonical writing system , and if one needs to come up with an ipa-derived orthography to write them down , one will use the ipa tone diacritics . 
  now , the ipa diacritics for high tone and low tone are the acute accent on \u00e1 and the grave accent on \u00e0 , but for , say , very high and very low tone , the accents are doubled as a\u030b and a\u030f respectively . 
  double acute accent only exists `` in the wild '' in hungarian , and only on \u0151 and \u0171 . 
  double grave accent does n't exist `` in the wild '' at all . 
  but suddenly you need to put both of those on some arbitrary vowel glyph . 
  hence , again , you 'd want there to be a combinatorial system to support that sort of thing , if you want to indicate tone in the orthography you 're using for this language . 
  edit : indic scripts are combinatorically larger than korean and can get up to 32 bits of complexity per glyph , apparently . 
  see below . 
  ah , you 're probably right about that . 
  this definitely motivates combining diacritics then , also . 
   powercreeping over gvg , the expansion that infamously powercreeped over everything, 
  seems about right, 
  ah , good to know , i 'll wait for the bog creeper reprint with charge instead of taunt, 
  yeah , but you 'd be hard-pressed to find a grave accent in actual serbo-croatian writing . 
  sc speakers would look at you funny if you wrote a book using tone marks . 
  but actually . 
  mech mage would n't run this . 
  renolock would be great if you could run 2x second-rate bruiser , 2x mortal coil , 2x demonwrath ... and a few months ago what really stopped yogg reno hunter from being much more ladder-viable than regular yogg hunter , imo , was not being able to run 2x cotw , 2x quickshot . 
  not just codfish , * the traditional portuguese codfish food product *, 
  where the hell 'd you get the art for this ? 
  it 's perfect !, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  but this guy 's bipedal, 
  i just wish eternal 's cards had voice lines . 
  the best thing about hs is the voice lines . 
  ehhh i feel that he 'll eventually become one of the strongest wild cards , like n'zoth . 
  there is just such a huge potential for the power of his effect to grow out of control . 
  or schizo redditing ? 
  one of the two, 
  naw it 's not an official rule or anything , it 's just that nearly all cards where the guy is bipedal * do n't * have a beast tag . 
  exceptions would be the two you mentioned , plus 3/2 raptor and grandma ( although , in the first phase , she 's in a bed , which is not quite bipedalism ... 
  i think ? 
   unleash the hounds against warrior, 
  i am really thrilled about how people on this sub treat warrior as though it 's still a control class . 
  it 's heartwarming to see how large of an impression control warrior left on everyone . 
  * spivak pronouns *, 
  there are only supposed to be four , according to erfworld 's lore . 
  but , as parson noted , it 's amazing that one of them is n't the arkensaw . 
  we call this `` bitters '' , i think . 
  it does when only two sith exist at a time . 
  ( also , maybe count dooku knew it , too . 
  and then darth vader knew it , so that makes three sith . ), 
  it was probably a pun, 
  fun fact : strunk and white used to advise leaving off the apostrophe in that case , but in the newest few editions they say they prefer the version with the apostrophe . 
  make up your damn minds , s&w , every pedant is waiting on you !, 
  ah sorry , did n't know it was a competition . 
  we 'll make sure not to steal y' all 's content from now on . 
  more specifically , it 's dumb as hell, 
  with your bare hands , maybe , but if you take into account pollution , do n't be so sure . 
  are the english version and finnish dub the only two existing versions of friends ? 
  regardless , co-orbiting the moon * or * the earth is n't any fun . 
  best case scenario , you do n't have enough delta-v and land back on earth . 
  i mean , orbital mechanics are orbital mechanics . 
  but they do n't do remotely the same th -- ohhhhh, 
  i specifically read about the latter , but i imagine it generalizes to the former as well . 
  add the words `` dude '' and `` dawg '' to your vocabulary , and you have 3 \u00d7 4 = 12 ways of thanking someone . 
  if you allow yourself the option of adding `` my '' before `` man '' etc. , then there are 3 \u00d7 7 = 21 ways . 
  if you can optionally add '' ` preciate it '' after the end , then that 's 3 \u00d7 7 \u00d7 2 = 42 ways . 
  if you do n't like repeating '' ` preciate it '' twice in one sentence , then it 's 5 \u00d7 7 = 35 ways . 
  the real problem is the guy who 's getting all your doors for you will figure out what 's going on after , like , three doors . 
  or khanty-mansiysk , or some place in ynao . 
  but yeah , probably surgut ( or nothing ),
