  you ca n't see their eyes . 
  not just beak , there 's [ a storage organ in their throat called a `` crop '' . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crop_%28anatomy%29 ), 
  my understanding is ssh only tunnels tcp , whereas i need to tunnel udp . 
  hence the redirecting of upd packets over the tcp tunnel with ` nc ` . 
  no , they appear as opaque flat * black * untextured surfaces . 
  ( if they 're flat , which they usually are n't . ), 
  the most accurate visual representation would have shading , and with the most accurate representation of all , you 'd be able to make out the person 's eyes very faintly , but it is not always necessary to draw things photorealistically . 
  in order to make glasses that you 'd draw as white , rather than black , you could either half-silver them ( white is a common way to indicate reflections , and what drawing glasses as white and opaque is generally trying to emulate is reflective glare , just to an exaggerated degree ) , or half ... coat ? 
  them with a white lacquer . 
  the former more faithfully conveys the original physical property that the practice of drawing white , opaque glasses is derived from , while the latter will more literally give you glasses that always appear white , rather than reflective . 
  i 'm not trying to imply that the glasses in the comic are any of these ; the effect is definitely stylistic . 
  but there is totally a way to achieve this effect , while keeping your glasses semi-usable . 
  it could be useful for a cosplay or something . 
  this looks like something i 'd need to have my sysadmin set up for me . 
  i 'd rather not bother him at the moment , because he just got done doing another fairly difficult install for me , but if there 's no other way i 'll consult with him . 
  huh . 
  i 'll take a look tomorrow , thanks !, 
   which are completely unlike the ones we 're talking about . 
  i meant `` flat '' as opposed to `` gloss '' . 
  sunglasses are glossy . 
  well , you asked . 
  it was just an example . 
  but since the glasses are made of glass , they 're always gon na be a little glossy , no matter what we incompletely coat them with , unless we frost the glass ( which would make it harder to see through it ) . 
  we can imagine that there 's gloss that tom 's not drawing , though . 
  ( or really , he 's only drawing the gloss . 
  that 's why they 're white . ), 
  also , for specifically white glasses , the gloss would be difficult to see , since gloss itself is usually whitish . 
   and i do n't think you can get away with a `` half coat '' in white lacquer . 
  the optical effect of `` one way '' glass requires a dark material . 
  you 'd need to make a grid like a speaker grille , and it would clearly be a textured surface . 
  nope , you can totally do it . 
  white lacquer is a transparent varnish with microscopic white particles floating in it . 
  if you give a thin enough coating , there wo n't be enough particles in the way to completely prevent all the light from getting through . 
  half-silvered mirrors work similarly ; they have a thin coating of metal with microscopic holes in it . 
  you 're technically right that these are textured , but it 's not on a level that the human eye can resolve . 
  in fact , if you make the particles/holes small enough ( < 400 \u00b5m ) , you wo n't be able to resolve it in the visible spectrum with * any * lens . 
  [ photonic metamaterials ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/photonic_metamaterial ) fall under that sort of thing . 
  i am not sure what addresses to use in that case ; i do not really understand ip addresses . 
  i have tried a few combinations , but they did n't work . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i suck at this , or because of the university firewall . 
  also i kinda do n't wan na make my colleagues have to look up addresses before they can use ` pymolmover ( ) ` , but if that 's what it takes ... 
  ` nc ` , which i used , is an alias of ` netcat ` . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  confirmed , it sends a bunch of packets at 127.0.0.1:65000 . 
  thanks for the diagnostic help , now i can tell that it is n't ` pymolmover ( ) ` that 's broken !, 
  are they gon na mine bitcoins with them ? 
  well , also she had to deliver twins , that probably did n't help, 
   it literally happened in real life people !!!!!!!, 
  yeah ... to someone who was * 84 . 
   broken heart syndrome is a real thing , doesnt matter what age you are . 
  [ more than 90 % of reported cases of broken-heart syndrome were in women ages 58-75 , ] ( http://www.health.harvard.edu/heart-health/takotsubo-cardiomyopathy-broken-heart-syndrome ) and even then , most people recover from it with no lasting damage . 
  plus , that is n't even what debbie reynolds died of ; that was a stroke . 
  being sad , stressed , or depressed is not healthy for you , but it is very unlikely to outright kill you . 
  if there were any real reasons for padme to die in that movie , it was the childbirth . 
  but then we have to believe that despite all the super-advanced medicine they had access to all the rest of the time in star wars , this one time they somehow could n't prevent someone from dying from childbirth . 
  padme 's death is almost as miraculous as anakin 's birth . 
  you 'd think so ( you did n't even have to mention darth vader himself , who is probably the most egregious example of supermedicine in star wars ) , but then the alternative is she died from ... sad ? 
  maybe her civilization just sucked specifically at obstetrics . 
  ( or george lucas is a hack , but nahhhhhh ... ), 
  i think this guy 's point was overpopulation may lead to the consumption of insects as food in more places . 
  it was so good , it caused the soundtrack to shift to her theme . 
  except for the part where the imaginary city 's interior is nice, 
  of course that is a terrible thing to say , but it 's still surreal to see a major news outlet using nihilism as a political argument . 
  see [ smbc 's take ] ( http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/2010-09-23 ) on nihilism being the bottom of the barrel . 
  their single defining characteristics are opposites . 
  tightropes = tight , slacklines = slack . 
  tightropes and slacklines are opposites specifically on the continuum of tightness , which is the continuum across which you 'll probably find the most variation when considering ropes that are tied from one place to another for people to walk across . 
  in the general sense , they do share a lot of characteristics , but tons of things considered opposites share tons of characteristics . 
  red and cyan are opposites , one having a hue of 0 \u00b0 and the other a hue of 180 \u00b0 , but they have everything in common besides that . 
  behold everyone , one of the 10 or so people in the world who can actually tell all those stupid little runic scripts apart, 
  wait really ? 
  what kinds ? 
  i recently made cheese and have a liter of whey sitting in my refrigerator . 
  edit : wait , you were joking were n't you . 
  what do i do with whey then ? 
  you can marinate meat in it i think ? 
  curds can be cheese . 
  for most cheeses you do something more to the curd to create the cheese , like drying it , pressing it , or adding fungus , but there are many cheeses where you do not do something so drastic . 
  mozarella , for example , is just kneaded curds . 
  american `` cottage cheeses '' are curds that are n't even completely separated from the whey . 
  farmer 's cheese/queso fresco/paneer is , at most , pressed . 
  well , it 's not equivalent , because `` the spain '' is a convention used and understood by absolutely no one . 
  `` the ukraine '' is a thing that a bunch of english speakers say , like `` die schweiz '' in german or `` the philippines '' in english . 
  but just `` ukraine '' is also a widespread usage ( arguably the dominant one ) , and adding the `` the '' was a thing started by the soviets to belittle ukraine . 
  as a result , ukrainians hate it when people add `` the '' , so you 're better off not adding it , on the off chance you 're talking to someone who cares . 
  sorry , i 'm illiterate and could n't understand what you wrote . 
  could you please record an audio file of you saying it ? 
  off to find a recipe !, 
  nah this happens all the time in the jool system . 
  everything orbits at the same inclination and has a pretty large soi . 
  ohhhh it 's the same guy as the one who made `` mouth moods '' . 
  he 's a legend !, 
  now that 's how you piss off romanians !, 
  you have a future ahead of you in jobbik, 
  did every socialist country ever install those foggy glass panels everywhere ? 
  if you told me this was in my home town in hungary , i 'd believe it ( apart from the chinese writing ), 
  combining diacritics are probably the sort of unicode character with the next most character after emojis . 
  you could make a sequel to the emoji movie where they get attacked by zalgo text . 
  well , if the only scale at which he can manifest himself is life-size , how is he gon na rig a dyson swarm or whatever around an entire star ?
