  it 's nice to meet somebody else with `` biomedical '' in their profession title . 
  i am a biomedical engineer . 
  you ? 
  tracing back to pie when considering etymological relations is cheating !, 
  pie is an * ad hoc * conjecture for a language that etymologically unites the indo-european area . 
  a link that far back is as good as an educated guess !, 
  google it . 
  i love the pun usage of `` hue '' in a hue that finally makes sense !, 
  and it got worse , because i ca n't fucking draw lines anymore properly . 
  it puts these little handles on the edges , so if i pick up my line tool and continue drawing , it drags the line i just drew instead of creating a new one . 
  i want to spray my thumb and forefinger with neverwet , and crush water between them . 
  once , they did a feature on an infamously perverted redditor . 
  they revealed his irl identity in the process ( which is bad because it could make it harder for that person to get hired ) . 
  reddit thought this was unfair , so they blocked gawker in retaliation . 
  all he does is annoy people . 
  it 's not funny , and it does n't `` restore '' reddit . 
  he needs to go . 
  the masses like to have fun as well . 
  that 's why it 's baffling how games that are not fun became a thing . 
  however , they sucked at managing an economy . 
  remember when they tried to introduce paper money to china and persia ? 
  china went fairly well , but the guy who did it in persia got assassinated for his trouble . 
  maybe adding a yellow border between the circle and backdrop would help . 
  if you interpret it as `` until we open its box '' , you get the standard many-worlds way of describing what looks like wavefunction collapse to a copenhagen-ist : collapse is decoherence , wherein the observer becomes entangled with the quantum state they observe . 
  baroque means misshapen . 
  do you ever wish your writing system was better ? 
  the huge amount of diacritics that de rhodes added just to be able to use latin letters as a base , instead of going to the trouble to construct a new alphabet with clear graphical organization between vowel placement and intonation , is ... bad . 
  for phonemic writing systems , there should be a one-to-one correspondence between the amount of glyphs and the amount of ways to place a phoneme . 
  then , use diactrics or extra glyphs for suprasegmentals . 
  that 's my opinion as a programmer , anyway . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chao_ ( currency ), 
  ~ ~ it 's apparently the first recorded use of banknotes ever , now that i read the article . ~ ~ i suck at reading comprehension . 
  first dominant paper currency in china . 
  so , you 're right . 
  what about rings with runes ? 
  apparently there 's a ring for anything ( which you can get by approximating solutions to pdes ) . 
   i need to visit the former eastern bloc and/or the middle east . 
  ftfy, 
  well , first the movie was based on the play . 
  * then * the play was based on the scopes trial . 
  http://qntm.org/bare . 
  and if you want to think about this d&d - wise , you could probably use these for something approximating status effects . 
  what if you put a ring on the inside end of a poppet valve for a jeep ? 
  or inside a missile ? 
  in the barrel of a gun ? 
  they were supposed to be going at 80 , but they went at 190 . 
  if he grabs it , he 'll get bitten ? 
  first of all , it 's vernier ** e ** . 
  second of all , you completely failed to give any information about your sonic mesolith diaminator . 
  how old is it ? 
  you are aware that its lifetime is measured in weeks , right ? 
  or , did you recently put a new one in , and botched the replacement ? 
  ** improperly functioning smlds can give you radiation poisoning . 
  ** you may think it 's paranoid to ascribe it to an smld failure , but the entire reason that we do n't know what output differential they give is that * everybody is too afraid to find out * . 
  did you even read the cscec ? 
  i 'm going to assume you have n't , because it is emphasized * repeatedly and extensively * that any time you 're doing anything to do with vo , you monitor your smlds * extremely closely * , because it is one of the * most dangerous parts of your vx * . 
  if you 're ascribing such a low priority to smld safety , and consequently safety in general , that you do n't even mention smld status when you are using it , please , * please get out of vx now . 
  * this is * for your own safety . 
  * i do n't want you to kill yourself . 
  it 's either leave vx , or read the fucking safety standards . 
  all of them . 
  starting with cscec . 
  i know you have a copy , because it 's available online , and it came with your vx . 
  ( and do n't give me the `` just forgot '' excuse . 
  safety should * always * be at the forefront of your mind when vxing . 
  you should n't be * able * to `` just forget '' about your smlds . ), 
  realistically , how much space would a person really occupy ? 
  very little probably, 
  wireheading can be modeled as the simplification of the utility function . 
  they 're basically 2d sea urchins . 
  alcubierre drives require matter with negative mass to exist . 
  gravitationally significant amounts of it , in fact . 
  we do n't have any reason to believe particles like that exist . 
  as far as we know , the speed of light is still law . 
  we have n't found anything that looks like it could circumvent that . 
  the eu is a black hole , bending the light to face backwards . 
  whoah , and it 's not even like you took two ... you took * three !, 
  at this point , would n't you be bottlenecked by download speed ? 
  is this over ethernet ? 
  if not , what kind of wireless adapter do you have ? 
  where are these guys from ? 
  mutual long-term emotional compatibility . 
  eh , this happens daily on the internet . 
  you really should n't worry about it . 
  what kind of vortex ? 
  was it a b2 or below ? 
  b3 + vortices are nothing to worry about ; it 'll evaporate on its own in less than a week , with barely any positronic radiation . 
  the strongest one i 've generated ever is an a6 , and that was in a p3 lab . 
  ( one thing i 've always hated about naming convention is that lab safety rankings not only look like vortex intensity rankings , but it 's actually possible to be studying a p1 vortex in a p1 lab . 
  hilarious but stupidly confusing . ), 
  if you follow procedure properly you 're hardly at risk of even causing a miedinger scenario , if even that . 
  of course , let us not forget the koln catastrophe of 1992 . 
  improper actonic modulation can turn your fairly innocuous attempt to create an a4 vortex into full-blown a0 evaporative radiation explosion . 
  at least we discovered that vx has viable applications in particle acceleration . 
  yalgeth 's limit can be formulated theoretically to an arbitrary number of digits . 
  in fact , it 's not even complicated : it 's the e-th root of 3 , minus the inverse golden ratio . 
  it 's not arbitrary safety settings . 
  it 's not even an empirically determined approximation of a physical constant . 
  deltas above 3 ^ ( 1/e ) - \u03a6 are * mathematically impossible * . 
  you 're thinking of moone 's settings , i think .
