  how dare they, 
  whenever i program simple 2d games , i use the arrow keys as the movement keys . 
  it just seems natural when you 're right-handed and all you 're doing with your other hand is pressing one button . 
  the wasd pattern evolved because people were using their right hands for their mice . 
  volume , apparently , if the non-chemists are saying it 's half full/half empty . 
  it 's okay , you 're not alone . 
  like every patch , it discourages expansion more , this time by making offensive wars more frustrating . 
  i guess people will learn to play around it like always though . 
  ( you know what this patch buffs ? 
  siege pips and siege power , the latter of which is indirectly a dump stat . 
  time to figure out how to max it ... ), 
  renting scuba equipment < doing a good old skin dive, 
  good eye . 
  it 's the most reasonable pose we can assume , although it still looks preeeetty cubist . 
  how do you learn about international politics ? 
  all i 've read is news sources and you can never tell if they 're even remotely right . 
  which is why i could form it as ligor . 
  :p there are so many great formables a sunni country can do . 
  did you know there 's no religion requirement to form tibet ? 
  and that if your ruler 's incompetent enough , they can get an event to become a theocracy before the mid-1600s ? 
  you 've always wanted to form a sunni theocracy without having to go through a shitty decision , have n't you ? 
  maybe the water is lightly carbonated , or they 're in beijing ? 
  or the water * was * carbonated but the bubbles escaped ? 
  graphite batteries are n't practical yet !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  the gases seem to be by mole fraction , which is equivalent to volume fraction . 
  c : \\ users \\ archived  cd . . 
  my eyes, 
   ultimately , it was decided that hunter should never go to controlish decks and they should keep going face so it was removed . 
  but people keep saying blizzard keeps trying to push control hunter . 
  i played its latest incarnation , yogg n load , until it was nerfed , and it was n't the best , but i ca n't explain some of the cards in it any other way ( such as lock n load , which is still probably my favorite card in hearthstone ) . 
  they are , but you still have to dump massive amounts of paper mana into improving stability ( first to 3 and then up from -3 ) , and they may not be the ideas that you want at the moment . 
  did n't post it at noon , that was the problem, 
  why does it do this ? 
  if you only type one letter , then it reliably autofills it , but after a certain amount of letters it just does n't for some reason , even if they 're the right ones . 
  someone should make a tasty dessert that looks like the fruiting body of nz basket fungus . 
  especially if they were hosting a conference about it . 
  this is hilarious, 
  have you never seen a clock with roman numerals on it ? 
  yes !, 
  thank you !, 
  it 's even 4 mana !, 
  do n't use reddit, 
  exactly one of the squares is not a mine, 
  good point . 
  so i guess you 'd need two non-mines, 
  i see `` in the beginning , the universe was created . 
  this is widely regarded as a controversial move and has made a great deal of people very angry . '', 
  a lot more . 
  * surprisingly earth sphere is a good card *, 
  i am not american . 
  i thought it was mayonnaise . 
  i mean , toss in some rennet and/or acidifying bacteria and you 've got a fair shot at getting something tasty out of finely aged milk ... 
  what a well-edited video, 
  i think the only example here where the comparison signifies meaningful racial tensions is india ( edit : and maybe indonesia ) . 
  all the other examples are just various autocrats ( and duterte , who technically does n't qualify yet ) , and to an extent their supporters . 
  those people are n't the developing world , they 're the people who * rule , part of , * the developing world . 
  which is still unfortunate , but does n't support the sweeping generalization made in the title . 
  i have not heard this either . 
  where are you from where this term is common ? 
  what you want is [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curvature#curvature_of_plane_curves ) or [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hausdorff_dimension ) . 
  the former is local but you can easily derive a global metric with a bit of calculus . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . 
  miracle rogue was the second most bullshit deck after patron warrior . 
  ( the award for most oppressive , however , goes to huntertaker ), 
  i think it might be regional . 
  i learned english in new jersey . 
  it 's pretty strong as is . 
  6 mana , give all of your dragons +1 / +1 ( wherever they are ) , your opponent discards a removal card and pays its cost . 
  if your deck is mostly dragons , this is value town . 
  oops . 
  maybe make the effect the same as flamewanker 's ? 
  king krush is technically a legendary . 
  speak for yourself , reading pixellated text is pretty hard, 
  whales eat those . 
  `` ensue '' does n't make sense here either way ; it 's intransitive , and op said the mods are `` ensuing hell '' . 
  it basicaly means `` to happen . '', 
  i was surprised there even is a saint-saens flair, 
  dunno , the amount of times i 've seen his existence acknowledged is very minimal . 
  maybe i 'm just not looking in the right places . 
  edit : also , back when i chose my flair there were , like , twelve of them . 
  now that i think about it i do n't think he was a flair when i first subscribed . 
  i stuck with vivaldi until he was added , i think . 
  looking at the current massive selection of composers , i 'd be surprised if he * were n't * in there . 
  right ?!, 
  5 is my favorite musical piece ever ( and is in a * major * key , no less , which i 'm not usually fond of , and is one of the very few 3 movement pieces where i actually like the 2nd movement compared to the other two ) , and no . 
  2 's opening is so powerful that i was inspired to learn how to play it , even though i 'm not a pianist . 
  and the other three also have massive redeeming qualities ; no . 
  3 is imo a better aquarium than aquarium . 
  i have n't found a way to submerge my phone and listen to it while diving , but it 's pretty high on my bucket list . 
  his piano concertos are almost the singular reason why i like saint-saens so much . 
  the token pieces you hear about are danse macabre and carnival , and maybe the local community orchestra will perform symphony no . 
  2 or 3 , but if there 's another work by him that can hold a candle to his concertos , i have n't heard it . 
  are you talking about the sodium chloride , for being a not-very-flammable material ? 
  keep in mind that most of these compounds have a 0 in the red part of the fire diamond ( not that you 're necessarily wrong ), 
  pretty sure that was nerfed shortly after the minghals series became a thing, 
  wait , we need to watch sarah being inside the simulation and being reluctant to do stuff first . 
  * then * we get to hear something like the following exchange :, 
  - grace/sarah : so , what 's the spell ? 
  - tedd : it does exactly what box said it does .
