  it is well possible , however , that during data entry into a csv , a german would use the american convention anyway , ironically so as not to have trouble with portability . 
  it is also possible, 
  that the csvs he was processing came from america . 
  if you have a wincon-type weapon in your deck , this is pretty great . 
  but i do n't think you 've got those in warrior . 
  maybe one or two expansions from now . 
  cheating ? 
  surma 's dating eglamore at this point , or what ? 
  considering how a lot of utilities are complete garbage at rendering combining diacritics , and how typesetters generally prefer to treat units differently from regular letters , these are both fine . 
  the real failing is , as the second wiki article notes , that a bunch of units , mostly those represented by latin letters , do n't have their own code points . 
   that 's on the utilities though . 
  there 's nothing that keeps them from rendering characters with combining diacritics as well as precomposed characters . 
  if it were as easy to make combining diacritics work as it is to make precomposed characters work , it would n't be so poorly done in so many places . 
  granted , people prioritize the latter because it 's more common , but up until recently , even utilities that were supposed to have their shit together struggled with it . 
  ( i think `` combining tie bar above '' and similar characters might still be broken in text boxes in my version of chrome . 
  that might be gtk 's fault , though . ), 
   that 's on the utilities though . 
  there 's nothing that keeps them from rendering characters with combining diacritics as well as precomposed characters . 
  but if you 're building a font , it 's nice to be able to specify different symbols for letters and units . 
  and if you 're typesetting something , it 's nice to not have to switch font just for units . 
  the units will probably evolve differently over time than the letters ( see : etymology of the dollar sign as a superposed u and s , which could be achieved in typesetting without a separate code point ) , so in 100 years , deciding on different code points might look * really * smart if you ca n't achieve unit symbols anymore just by referring to a letter in a different font . 
  ( well , technically you can always do * that * if you use a font built specifically for that purpose , but that 's exactly the sort of hack that unicode is supposed to prevent . ), 
  that said , the way it 's currently implemented is worse than just eliminating code points for units , because it 's inconsistent and you ca n't really take advantage of the difference . 
  i guess the decision is tied up in the history of unicode . 
  what this comic taught me is that ravensburger is called brio in the us . 
  am on shitty internet connection , ca n't open article . 
  this is exactly what i was curious about . 
  thank you very much . 
  it 's not immediately clear that the result for n = 100 generalizes to any n , though . 
  you need some extra logic to figure that out . 
  stitched tracker is a better king 's elekk for the most part . 
  and you can run two !, 
  i am playing tempo/secret mage on ladder right now and crushing a bunch of weird decks . 
  people do n't seem to give enough hate to secret mage as it deserves . 
  nothing new yet . 
  :\\ tempo mage did n't get much support this expansion in terms of commons and rares , and i do n't want to cough up the dust for the 8-mana meme epic . 
  we should assume in good faith that the guy you replied to was talking about lunar eclipses . 
  that said , how * do * they explain phases ? 
  it 's a funny combo , but your goal is to fill their hand and empty their deck , so it ends up opposing what you want to do . 
  no , token druid silly . 
  yeah , because jade druid and token druid are exactly what i think of when i think of `` control '' . 
  that 's a brilliant idea . 
  definitely not viable in a normal meta , but now that i think about it , malchezaar delaying fatigue in millock and controlock is pretty significant . 
  well , if one nazi flies the israeli flag , then it 's just one nazi who does n't understand the israeli flag . 
  if a ton of nazis in various locales fly the israeli flag , then it 's now a nazi flag in addition to the israeli flag . 
  re the rest of your point : the logic that nazis use when they fly the gadsden flag is that they feel that the government ( and friends ) are oppressing their racism , and would like to express that they are not okay with the government doing this . 
  flags , words , and symbols in general get their meanings from how they are used . 
  it 's not like there 's some big book of truth where the eternal meaning of every symbol is written down ; people know what symbols mean because they see them or hear about them used to mean those things . 
  because nobody learns the meaning of any particular symbol from the same place as anyone else , this leaves the meanings vulnerable to change over time , due to transmission errors and deliberate interference ( like 4chan ) . 
  it 's been happening since forever in the form of semantic change in words , and will keep happening until everybody communicates with everyone else perfectly . 
  4chan was lying about the meaning of those symbols , because they gave a false impression of how large numbers of people used and understood those symbols . 
  if nazis had picked up any of those symbols to use for themselves , then 4chan would no longer have been lying ( except in the implication that your kid is using that particular thing as a symbol of nazism ... unless they are , i guess , but kids do n't really tend to be nazis ) . 
  if my username somehow ended up being associated with nazis , i 'd be unhappy , but i could n't deny the reality of what it means to other people . 
   so even under ** your ** logic , no , it 's still not a `` nazi symbol '' . 
  i never said it was ; i have no idea how many nazis actually fly the gadsden flag . 
  what i 'm saying is if they did , then it would be fine to describe it as a nazi symbol in that context . 
  but it would n't have to be more nazis who fly it than libertarians who fly it ; symbols can have different meanings to different groups of people . 
  if a small group of nazis start using a symbol for nazism , then you can still say , `` among these people , it 's a symbol of nazism , '' even if the symbolism does n't seem well-motivated to describe nazism , and the group is small . 
  lord knows how many meanings the more common symbols take on globally , e.g. 
  swords , dicks , simple shapes . 
  i do n't really get your angle here . 
  what sort of alternative philosophy of semantics allows you to ignore semantic change that you do n't like ? 
  there 's a bunch that i do n't like ( such as `` octopi '' coming to mean the plural of `` octopus '' ; that 's not how it was inflected in greek , dammit !, 
  ) , but despite the fact that i do n't like them , they get used every single day , more and more , and they 're not gon na stop getting used . 
  going back to the username example , what good does it do to yell `` my username does n't mean nazism ! '', 
  when most people look at it and think `` nazi '' ? 
  yeah , it just means `` more or less backwards-compatible with stuff written for the 8086 '' . 
  similarly , i386 refers to the 80386 , which was renowned for its 32-bit capability . 
  x86_64 or amd64 is a much later innovation , and refers to the 64-bit extension of x86 . 
  i name them after flags , because it 's funny and seems to offend the least amount of people ( compared to using the mtg names , which will get you a lecture pretty much anywhere ) . 
  you have to make the concession of `` purple ~ black '' , because there 's very few flags with purple on them at all . 
  - ftj : bolivian , or african/mali/ghanaian / ethiopian/etc ( prefer bolivian because it sounds funnier ), 
  - ftp : armenian, 
  - fts : republican ( after the spanish civil war faction ), 
  - fjp : karelian ( karelia is relevant and independent in my heart \u2639 ), 
  - fps : ca n't think of a good one ; been using `` korean '' . 
  also been using `` calderan '' , because of the fps calderan channeler combo deck . 
  - tjp : brazilian ( it is cool to name tjp control decks `` ordem e progresso '' ), 
  well , amd64 processors are a subset of x86 processors , since an x86 processor is anything that includes the x86 instruction set . 
  amd64 instruction sets , however , are a superset of x86 instruction sets . 
  that said , what the guy you replied to is implying is definitely wrong . 
  there 's no guarantee that sandsifter tests 64-bit stuff , if it 's labeled as a thing that tests x86 stuff . 
  even in hex :\\, 
  and genghis khan, 
  he says transylvania and borneo separately !, 
  this guy is great !, 
  you can get really easy points with people if you condemn things like nazis , terrorism , or cancer . 
  right now is a great opportunity for everyone to condemn nazis , so that 's what they 're doing . 
  on a deeper level , people 's perception of the right is changing . 
  if nazis become the face of the right that everyone remembers for the moment , the us as a whole is going to grow less tolerant of right-wing beliefs while that 's the case . 
  whenever this happens , it has major long-term political implications . 
  really * weird * implications , probably . 
  the thing that ruins it for me , though , is compare crimea and the gulf of carpentaria . 
  they really look almost nothing alike . 
  as a bonus , you 're drafting paladin , where valanar is the most useless card you could ever possibly run . 
  and even if you did activate it , taunt and healing are some of the things missing from paladin the least . 
  maybe it should be facing downwards ? 
  but then you do n't have the rays following the curved surface . 
  bs sure look like hs, 
  double rogue hero power ... the value !,
