  i do n't know , i like to know exactly what i 'm doing when i 'm computing . 
  plus they were probably short on time , and a gui is the last thing they should be worrying about . 
  but cinematically , i 'd argue that a command line looks more hacker-y and impressive than a gui . 
  which means that there 's no gravity in the satellite 's reference frame , so take you can take your pedanticism elsewhere . 
  in america ? 
  in anywhere !, 
  1.39 times as much . 
  wow . 
  i did n't realize that there was any other meaning for it than `` contemplate sexually '' until i read your comment and thought for a bit . 
  i do n't blame him ; it was red , after all . 
  * sigh *, 
  a silly title like that , during a hiatus ? 
  sure . 
  i 'd feel better about * ra * if the writing was more original . 
  or may 31 , like me . 
  nooooo stop ruining my day, 
  every time so far , in the six games i 've played , it 's ~ ~ taken me 29 moves ~ ~ i had one move left ; i just realized the amount of moves you have decreases with every game . 
  my strategy is n't well-defined , so i know it 's not possible that it 's a fundamental mathematical thing . 
  ( plus i can construct a worst-case for this one that 's impossible . 
  although i suspect it is n't a worst-case , since i ca n't prove that it is . ), 
  i guess it 's just a coincidence . 
  correction : it * sounds * deep . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  i thought deep is when someone says something that causes a fundamental shift in one 's thinking , something that required a lot of thought . 
  * this * requires no thought whatsoever to think of . 
  edit 2 : jeez , what are you all thinking ? 
  `` now , the disapproval of this guy , i can really get behind ! '', 
  i guess i should n't take it personally . 
  although , would you believe it , someone actually went through my history and downvoted everything . 
  so maybe i should take * that * personally ? 
  edit 3 : i 've earned 50 downvotes in one post , ama . 
  i guess next time i 'll use the words , `` disapproval , really ? '', 
  instead . 
  i was just arguing my point . 
  it would have gotten downvotes anyway ; it rarely happens that a point goes below 1 and then recovers . 
  it 's not the points that bother me , it 's that someone disagrees . 
  i mean , i 'm not really worried or complaining , i just want a chance to explain . 
  that 's terrible !, 
  i guess it 's supposed to make the game realistic ? 
  hahahahaha, 
  the one time knowing hungarian matters, 
  everyone in america always tells me that my first language is really useless for communicating with other people . 
  little do they know !, 
  look , i had no intention of sounding smarter than him . 
  i think he was misusing the word `` deep '' . 
  that does n't make him dumb . 
  even if they have a point ? 
  why ? 
  they 're not allowed to argue against disapproval of their comment ? 
  reddit is always right ? 
  i guess 'cause in the minecraft world , pressurization is n't supposed to make something harder , but lava is objectively harder than water . 
  burn him at the stake !, 
  i 'd think you 'd have to have your customers perceive a change in price as actually mattering . 
  most people only want to yell at bums for 1-2 minutes tops , and a 1-2 cent difference is n't going to motivate them to switch providers . 
  2x5 cents is an entire dime , which is perceived as having a certain amount of worth . 
  it 's not about the karma total , it 's about massive disapproval getting directed at one post . 
  i 've never felt like i 'm doing anything worthwhile for other people to look at . 
  it all seems kinda silly . 
  oh man , that 's a great idea . 
  although i 'd think that golf balls would be louder . 
  but it 's a moot point , since that jar would definitely get stolen in an hour or two . 
  it * does * work , though . 
  you meant to say `` should n't '' , right ? 
  i disagree . 
  votes are an expression of approval vs. disapproval . 
  people look at votes , and they take them as preprocessing for what they should think about a comment , and do n't formulate their own opinion of it ; they think , `` oh , i see , '' and vote the same way . 
  the best post will attract downvotes if it 's initially downvoted . 
  this impedes discussion . 
  i wanted to get an important point across , but someone decided that my point was wrong/terrible , and downvoted me . 
  then everybody else goes , `` yeah , my initial way of thinking is already right , i do n't need to change my mind . '', 
  it 's a natural reflex that you ca n't blame on anyone . 
  voting influences discussion in a negative way , unfortunately . 
  also latin students who happened to check for that comment, 
  no one here has any right to talk down to me . 
  it 's rude , and i wo n't stand for it . 
  i do n't think he was too serious . 
  braces , or curly brackets , in particular . 
  i see your point , but you 're misunderstanding my comment . 
  i could n't care less about the points themselves ; it 's that downvoting my post drives away discussion from it , which is terrible for an opportunity that could otherwise have been used to discuss something interesting . 
  ( also i do n't see how the ama comment could be interpreted as anything other than a joke . 
  complaining about downvotes is a trend , or getting them is a trend ? 
  i usually do n't do the first , and the second one is n't expressed well because i promise that someone seems to have went through my history and downvoted everything . 
  ( i know that that does n't usually work , but it did here . 
  most of my comments had 1 point a day or two ago . ), 
  look , you 're * reading pretentiousness into my comments . 
  * i understand you guys , i really do !, 
  i 'm not judging anyone . 
  but the very first impression that anyone gets of me here is `` score < 1 '' , and so they start interpreting my comments very unfavorably . 
  and so `` you 're misinterpreting my comment '' is suddenly belittling , exclamation marks are suddenly angry yelling rather than emphasis , `` this is n't deep '' is me trying to sound smarter than someone rather than a reminder , `` downvotes ? 
  really ? '', 
  is me caring about my total karma score , and even the most lighthearted disapproval is suddenly being petty . 
  judging by first impression is one of the worst heuristics that people use to determine their impression of other people , and it 's ten times worse on the internet , but no one can help it until it 's pointed out . 
  at least in real life it would have gone a lot better , becuse i would n't immediately have looked hostile , and whoever i was talking to would have listened to me neutrally . 
  this post is obviously pretty much a lost cause , but i would be much happier if at least one person could see how much damage this kind of heuristic causes to discussion . 
  heh , tell that to mathematicians . 
  yeah , you 're right about the community that way . 
  i figured i should put a little more faith in reddit . 
  i thought they 'd gotten over `` downvotes ? 
  really ? '',
