  well , duh . 
  that 's pretty obvious . 
  then again , calliope 's art is shelby 's art , and this is n't drawn by shelby . 
  i 'm assuming , however , that an exception may be made in this case , since the art is becoming reality , as much as you can say something is `` reality '' if it 's in a dream . 
  and if and only if things are empirically observable in this dream , then i 'd consider it reality . 
  aargh all three of these comments are mildly frustrating . 
  homestuck and its fandom is n't * that * awesome that we can say things like that , ironically or not . 
  only secret cults around major technological developments are allowed to have that sort of epic dialogue , like an alternative way that leo szil\u00e1rd could have reacted to his discovery or something . 
  homestuck , after all , has no significant effect on human progress . 
  edit : vote discussion not agreement pls, 
  poof !, 
  serious discussion !, 
  not reddit , but homestuck fans . 
  check out their ( video ) page on homestuck . 
  it is a complete disgrace . 
  as if there are any people who are only subscribed to one or the other !, 
  that 's interesting . 
  it seems to me that it 's mentioned on practically every page on http://hpmor.com . 
  i know . 
  i hate the tilesets , though , because it 's impossible to tell what you 're looking at . 
   that would * n't * come as a shock to me , as roxy clearly has the hots for everyone, 
  by the way , this guy is fishing for downvotes . 
  username and comment history !, 
  well , then this was n't a very good idea to make karma as a novelty account . 
  karma * is * a measure of success ( on reddit ) , and it is clear that you have n't been successful so far . 
  maybe make your comments a little less disparaging ? 
  i 'm not sure how that 's possible , considering that misunderstanding is the essence of whoosh and misunderstanding creates conflict . 
  given my profession as a biomedical engineer , i may actually have to study this guy some day in order to do tissue engineering on the heart . 
  it 's been done before ( although i do n't think it was an eel ) , but the research is unfinished , as , in fact , we ca n't grow hearts from test tubes on a whim yet . 
  ggggggggggggggggggggggggg !, 
  what kind of crazy grading system are you using ? 
  edit : or :, 
  me too . 
  i much prefer reading textbooks . 
  in my home country `` the south '' means `` szeged '' . 
  i 'm assuming it means `` texas '' here , right ? 
  i think it 's that f - is a fail , and f + and f are just intermediate grades . 
  an alternative , more sensible scale is :, 
  a + is a grade that is greater than or equal to 97 % . 
  ( 96.5 % , actually . ), 
  an f ( - ) is a grade that is less than or equal to 60 % . 
  that is what i have written . 
  am i missing something ... ? 
  dammit . 
  i 've wanted to do the medium for a long time now . 
  i 'm saying you ca n't have dialogue * that * dramatic , ironic or not . 
  homestuck is n't important enough for that . 
  but my previous comment , `` poof !, 
  discussion !, 
  '' , was meant to be a remark on how my comment had generated serious discussion out of nothing . 
  and plus , `` searchable '' is n't trivial anyway . 
  he 'd have to have proper , consistent indexing , and he 'd have to build a search algorithm to go along with it . 
  that 's true . 
  it sort of depends on what it 's written in , though . 
  low-level languages make it easier , higher-level languages make it harder , and functional languages ( e.g. 
  lisp ) make it really hard , because it 's not trivial to access strings on the level that they 're arrays ( or even strings ) . 
  and maybe it 's not sorted ??? 
  ( yeah right ), 
  i am neither in / r/minecraft nor / r/limbojerk . 
  holy shit , how did you know that i 've been in / r/minecraftcirclejerk ? 
  i have n't been there in over a year . 
  actually you are not allowed to talk to me . 
  also you 're not allowed to use words containing the letter `` o '' anymore . 
  wheee ... 
  no but , you are taking me way too literally . 
  of course they can say whatever they want . 
  i hardly care about it , really . 
  but it * is * annoying and i 'd rather that they would n't . 
  i 've already cited reasons for why . 
  maybe you just get tired of the false air of significant consequence that surrounds homestuck after a while . 
  actually i 've pretty much always felt that way about false airs of significant consequence , like in songs about how important this party is or whatever . 
  but for homestuck , it 's less easy to dismiss , because the story itself is pretty much the most absurdly epic you can get , what with the destruction of multiple universes and reality itself etcetera . 
  this feeling of `` epic '' leaks into people 's minds as they read through the story , through sheer pavlovian association , and they stick to that property and defend it , even if you talk in terms of real life and not inside homestuck . 
  i mean not everyone , because i do n't , for example . 
  but it 's strange how much trouble people have dissociating the story with reality . 
  granted , the fandom is big , and powerful in terms of innocent ddos and fundraising . 
  homestuck has affected a lot of people . 
  but it 's never , for example , saved anyone 's life . 
  and even if it did/has , somewhere down the line , that 's nowhere near as impressive as what people get a sense of , and anyway directly saving lives is pretty easy nowadays ; all you have to do is post on places like / r/suicidewatch , or donate blood . 
  it is , as far as we know , not related to any major historical events . 
  and even with such a huge fandom , hardly anybody knows about it . 
  homestuck is not significant at all compared to things that are actually significant , things that will be in history books . 
  i think it 's time to stop acting like it is . 
  oh , right . 
  i did n't know you were a homestuck fan back then . 
  sorry , i 'm extremely busy . 
  thank you for the invitation , though . 
  i 'm honored . 
  that 's different . 
  people who like something a lot talk about it like normal people . 
  there 's a difference between talking about something like it 's * fun * and like it 's * globally important * . 
  study the vocab at home at least 10 minutes every day . 
  that should take care of vocab . 
  how do people keep finding this thread ? 
  oh no sorry , i meant letter-by-letter matching . 
  it 's easy to search for specific elements if you know what the elements are , sure . 
  but take in a continuous string input and see how well it corresponds to an existing list element ? 
  that 's nontrivial . 
  i 'm of course referring to the type of searching where you can search * inside * words as well , like search `` grave '' and have the entry engrave come up . 
  i 'll admit that my lisp education is not good , but i have found that operations that require the decomposition of an element into individual characters in a string are much harder than in any language that treats strings as arrays of characters , like in c. python is halfway between these two because it treats characters as strings of length 1 instead , but it 's got some pretty robust features for dealing with strings anyway , so i do n't think that it would pose * that * much of a problem ... but lisp , it 's the hardest for me to imagine how i 'd do something like that .
