  pandora ? 
  not sure if that 's possible . 
  unfortunately i ca n't access any articles that describe nganasan 's substrate . 
  plenty of articles noting dolgan 's nganasan substrate though ... * sigh *, 
  you 're asking this in the subreddit with a recursive flag of maryland on its front page, 
  there are two kinds of flags in this subreddit . 
  those made in inkscape , and those made in ms paint, 
  this was the moment in homestuck where i momentarily became incapable of perceiving it as homestuck and could only recognize it as dialogue from a teen with his head up his ass . 
  well played , hussie . 
  if this post is any indication , h =o - o, 
   < th  is / \u00f0 / but you have no \u03b8 to match it which is very odd, 
  do n't hate !, 
  have you tried [ hellotalk ? 
  paradox must have been so relieved when they realized stellaris would n't need a naval ai, 
  that 's almost every instance of the `` golden ratio spiral '' in anything ever, 
  i mean it 's a fetish , you do n't have to read into it that much, 
  at its slowest ? 
  i beg to differ, 
  you can be a depressive alcoholic asshole if you want , which is most of the way there, 
  i have nothing against these distros , but what do these add that is n't already covered ? 
  if someone asks me to just `` install linux '' , then i 'll set them up with ubuntu , unless it 's impractical for them for some reason ( which i do n't really have a fallback for ) . 
  i see the chance that someone asks me to install any particular distro as very slim , enough so that it 'd be a waste of time and space to be prepared for any particular distro . 
  so additional distro installers have to be useful in some way that the existing installers on the disk are n't . 
  maybe debian would be a more stable alternative ? 
  or fedora a lower-power alternative , or useful for cloud machines ( but arch already kinda works for that ) ? 
  maybe i should get porteus in there , since it 's really portable , but so are arch and tcl . 
   at least one live distro , ram testing tool . 
  way ahead of you . 
  systemrescuecd is the primary live distro , and backbox is the more involved one . 
  the usb includes hiren 's boot cd , which includes memtest86x . 
  yup , it 's already on there, 
  `` short for whatever '' etymologies are almost always bullshit . 
  [ wiktionary says ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/slang#etymology_1 ) this one is , too . 
  this is a good suggestion . 
  thank you , i will include it . 
  hold on hold on , you 've created os x install or recovery media , and it could n't be used on the same drive as arch install media ? 
  i assumed i could just put it on any hfs + partition and be able to boot it . 
  what specifically is the problem with it ? 
  that 's probably what happened to most megafauna , so yeah , we 'd be good, 
  or `` there is n't '' and `` there is '', 
  you see , every other slavic language uses the cognate to '' \u0435\u0441\u0442\u044c '' as a copula ( the word for `` is '' ) . 
  you ~ ~ lazy degenerates ~ ~ eh , perfectly reasonable slavic language speakers use a zero copula instead !, 
  huh . 
  my plan is to use a syslinux boot partition that boots all the other ones . 
  since there 's a separate boot partition , would n't the uefi thing not matter ? 
  oh no borrowing language change will turn us into a borg, 
  you do realize this has been happening ever since there 's been humans , right ? 
  a really shitty version , sure, 
  nah , far less, 
  do n't forget , there was a gba rerelease, 
  maybe this is a world where this is actually how english ( or egnlesh or whatever ) is spelled and grammared , and rose is the one who 's englishing wrong ? 
   michael guy bowman, 
  all i know about him was that he was born sometime around the tienanmen square protests, 
  yes hell yes etc ( loved one year older especially ), 
  ** you, 
  not, 
  what, 
  takes, 
  talk, 
  with, 
  mountain time then ; california is the us 's most populous state, 
  edit : shit, 
  if oklahoma were an oblast in russia, 
  no no no , it 's flown red-side-up during times of war / s, 
  you forgot the not-existiest country of them all , somalia, 
  ( also taiwan but it would have been difficult to get it on the map ), 
  the cyprus thing is already overdone , friendo . 
  ( ah , so that 's why there 's some more-or-less-unquestionably-existing countries on there , like switzerland and austria ), 
  ahahaha , cane toads were * imported ? 
  * the poor souls, 
  there 's the `` wipe x off the map ! '', 
  mission, 
  ehh , they both have ancestry from 14kya siberia . 
  paleosiberians were n't `` mongolians '' in any meaningful sense of the word , aside from that some of them lived in mongolia and that they looked kinda similar to whoever lives there nowadays . 
  they are . 
  eh , north america is a lot less densely populated , so it comes out to about the same . 
  he probably meant `` texels '' and was just paraphrasing for a wider audience ? 
  he clearly was n't talking about compressing pixels indrvidually though . 
  you can talk about `` compressed pixels '' in a compressed image just as much as you can talk about `` compressed ions '' in a compressed piece of rock ( where the analogy comes from ) . 
  you ca n't really compress one pixel , but an image is just pixels . 
  hence , a compressed image is just compressed pixels . 
   paradox only tests mp, 
  the biggest meme, 
  huh , i learned a lot about how americans fry chicken . 
  in central europe we do a three-step coating of the chicken : first egg , then flour , then bread crumbs . 
  in america , you have just the batter ? 
  very interesting . 
  great video . 
  yeah but he does n't remark on the batter recipe being different . 
  apparating ? 
  maybe this is not the sub for this , but this is certainly the thread for this : i am a grad student in biomedical engineering , and am currently trying to make some pharmaceuticals play nice with some proteins . 
  i have been accused twice of working for `` big pharma '' , once by my own mother . 
  the fact that the dress code for sixth-form was * suits * is what * makes it * super posh . 
  they both have extremely strong plot armor, 
  there was vendetta ... ? 
  yeah that 's what i 'm referring to, 
  good . 
  question . 
  well maybe you should n't use words that only became popular in the past two decades and were coined in the 1970s . 
  did n't you know that language is the domain of the elders ?
