  but it happens * always * . 
  which indicates that people take it seriously on some level . 
  if it were completely a joke , people would get tired of it . 
  jokes , people get tired of . 
  ideas , they hardly ever part with . 
  this is clearly the latter case . 
  okay , that 's not that bad . 
  he 'd have to organize it in the first place and use up memory , though . 
  i have n't seen a lolcat in forever . 
  but i guess i would n't be surprised . 
  i 'd imagine that the people perpetrating them were largely people that were new to the meme , or people who were really easy to entertain . 
  hahaha hitler was n't so bad he killed hitler i am the most original and funny commenter i have ever heard ... . . 
  tbh , though , we * do * need classes on rationality to be taught in school . 
  and i do n't mean anything that / r/atheism says , just a class on systematically examining one 's beliefs and correcting for bias et cetera . 
  and of course * why * it 's important in the first place to do that . 
  i think that would help a lot to make discussion and decision among those people as adults more reasonable . 
  it 's a pity there 's already so little time left in our schools for that sort of thing . 
  that 's why i 'll be homeschooling my children for all the subjects that i * do * know , and hiring grad students to teach them the rest . 
  edit : * i do n't mean atheism . 
  * if you want me to phrase it this way , fine : * cognitive psychology * . 
  not atheism , or anything that / r/atheism is interested in . 
  cognitive biases , dealing with people on the psychological level , how to psychologically analyze * oneself * and one 's beliefs . 
  beliefs about anything , not goddamn religion . 
  just things that we think we know . 
  the actual competition 's website has a hundred times as many problems . 
  i will make it a link . 
  plus , my opinion is that people are n't entitled to their own opinions . 
  this goes especially for objective things . 
  i am a proponent of the existence of sweatshop labor as an alternative to poverty . 
  sorry , just wanted to say so . 
  support your opinion with sources . 
  well , congratulations anyway . 
   [ uu : now that you mention it , well before i died or even realized i would not live to play , i made special exception to my rule of staying linear with conversation . 
  i messaged jane a birthday gift . 
  what is retconned is that she said that she had n't spoken with any of the kids beyond her `` last '' conversation with roxy . 
  obviously more evidence that she is a filthy liar and is literally lord english . 
   what is retconned is that she said that she had n't spoken with any of the kids beyond her `` last '' conversation with roxy . 
  obviously more evidence that she is a filthy liar and is literally lord english . 
  you 're * always * on iphone . 
  exactly . 
  huh . 
  i took it for granted that that particular thing that calliope said is true . 
  i was assuming `` you '' was plural . 
  just to be clear , the reason that calliope looks so distraught is that rose 's appearance means that her security has been compromised/is compromisable , which means that it might be possible for le to find and kill her . 
   just to be clear , the reason that calliope looks so distraught is that rose 's appearance means that her security has been compromised/is compromisable , which means that it might be possible for le to find and kill her . 
  partner ??? 
  is n't that word only used for non-heterosexual relationships ? 
  edit : i do n't understand , all i did was ask a question that i did n't know the answer to , because i was confused . 
  why would you downvote me for that ? 
  huh . 
  okay . 
  thank you !, 
  eh , mit ocw is better . 
  * nothing * is the absolute truth , ever ever , except in maths . 
  it 's just by far the most likely explanation , given everything we know about the situation . 
  people tend to react this way when someone intrudes upon their secret meeting . 
  well , i do n't like linguistic prescriptivism . 
  this subreddit existed before act 5 ? 
  well , that 's always the problem , though . 
  you have limited priors . 
  we 're trying to distinguish between a few hypotheses . 
  call it bayesian reasoning . 
  here 's a few of the hypotheses we 're trying to weigh :, 
  - * hypothesis 1 : * calliope is worried that her security can be broken . 
  - * hypothesis 2 : * calliope has some aversion to rose in particular . 
  - * hypothesis 3 : * calliope is conducting something suspicious with this conversation , and is worried that she has been discovered . 
  hypotheses 2 and 3 get penalties for complexity , especially 3 . 
  the fact that calliope has read rose 's autobiography affects 2 , and , since people in general tend to * like * the authors of things that they are fans of , we may assume that it affects 2 negatively . 
  however , given that she 's a cherub , who are supposed to hate the people that humans would normally like , it could affect 2 positively . 
  however , she has consistently shown human affection towards people that humans would also have shown affection towards , so , whether or not she 's faking it , if she were personally a fan of rose , and she were being consistent , she would react with affection , rather than hate , so it swings back out of favor of 2 . 
  calliope 's hugely abnormal demeanor , given her species , supports 3 , regardless of the fact that it 's consistent with her character , as we are inferring from her character itself . 
  1 gets a large bonus for being simple and natural . 
  the evidence cited for 3 ca n't be directly used against 1 , because then i 'd be double-counting it . 
  calliope 's generally calm and relatively cheerful reactions to threatening events ( see '' [ s ] act 6 act 3 '' ) is evidence against 1 , though . 
  the seriousness of the situation ( if her security is broken , then le can find and kill her ) lends credence to 1 , however . 
  so , what do i do now ? 
  i * could * assign probabilities to the different facets of the presented evidence , and plug it all in to bayes ' theorem to generate probabilities for the three hypotheses . 
  but my time is limited , and anyway , how much would the answer be worth ? 
  the most important part of the bayesian process is actually going through it , forcing your mind to consider all of the evidence . 
  so , usually the thing to do is to throw away the actual result and come to your own conclusion , unless bayes would be more accurate in such a case ( like if you were n't the one assigning the probabilities to the evidence , and instead you had determined them by experiment ) . 
  my personal conclusion is that hypothesis 1 is still the strongest , mostly owing to it being the simplest one . 
  the other two hypotheses rely on the condition that there is something up with calliope , which i consider an improbable proposition . 
  what 's your conclusion ? 
  ( google something before making a statement about it like that . ), 
  um , basically , for lots of its courses , mit puts the course materials up for free ( minus the actual textbooks ) . 
  lots of them , especially the maths ones , have actual lectures recorded as video !, 
  but , light ca n't escape black holes anyway . 
  your np does n't work . 
  no , i looked at it !, 
  i was n't really making an assertion when i said `` mit ocw is better '' ; i was just endorsing it , and hoping that someone who has tried both would provide a comparison ( but i do n't blame you ) . 
  i also never said that it was better * because * it had videos . 
  but anyway this is pretty pointless to argue over if neither of us have tried both , and one of us is offended . 
  i 'm still waiting for someone who has tried both to show up . 
  denver is in south africa , right ? 
  emote . 
  now . 
  i foresee prolific usage . 
  i just about died at the part about sir gareth and ot3 's . 
  we should remove implicit `` that '' from english . 
  it makes things too confusing .
