  yes , rational protein design is really , really hard , but so is space . 
  i think it could work ; computationally , folding would be greatly simplified , and you 'd treat individual domains as mostly rigid , and molecular dynamics would be slowed down to somewhere between `` really slow '' and `` serious simulator '' . 
  proteins are beads on a string : domains , linked by loops . 
  you choose a sequence of domains ( the game giving you , maybe 50 different domains to work with , filed away nicely under [ cath ] ( http://www.cathdb.info/browse/browse_hierarchy_tree ) classification ) , and release your protein into the cytoplasm and see whether it does what it 's supposed to do . 
  you could start with simple single - or dual-domain globular proteins , then advance to membrane proteins , then try more complicated globular proteins , then cofactors and metalloproteins ... maybe even so far as try designing motor proteins ? 
  anyway that 's just an idea i had where you really are doing the same job as evolution , where you can put away something you 're working on and pull it out later to tweak it for a different function . 
  you could do scenarios , where you have to break down a particularly weird substrate , where you have a high or low ph , where the temperature is really high , or really low , where you have to get a specimen of * snorlax snorlacis * out of your way by binding a protein to a surface receptor ... can you survive in a solution with only chlorine gas dissolved in it ? 
  how about carbon monoxide and nitrogen monoxide , pollutants ? 
  [ nitrogen and methane with a few exotic organics ? 
  ] ( http://goo.gl/2wx0qe ) how big can you make your cell before it runs out of nutrients ? 
  and i have n't even touched epigenetics and functional rna yet , and also viruses which may be too hard , especially computationally ... 
  ( background : a protein domain is a mini protein part that does a particular thing , even if you isolate it . ), 
  i 'm sad that zephyr has nothing to say about this . 
  i think awt might have predicted electrons with dipoles , maybe ? 
  building quantum circuits that manipulate qubits ( bits that are superpositions of 0 and 1 ) with quantum logic gates allows exponential speedup in computing the problems that those particular circuits solve , mostly due to the fact that when you 're manipulating a qubit , you 're manipulating two whole dimensions of information at once . 
  one of the difficulties in doing this is that the qubits are only stable ( i.e. 
  retain the state you left them in ) at very low temperatures , generally , depending on what method you use to store it . 
  they managed to make a pretty unstable kind of way to store a qubit stable at room temperature for a really long amount of time . 
  you should take an intro to quantum computing course , if you 'd like to learn more about this kind of stuff !, 
  they 're very easy compared to other qm courses , and very different as well . 
  there 's one available online by prof umesh vazirani from uc berkeley , at edx . 
  get jasmine ( available in itunes app store , made by the same people as alienblue ) . 
  navigate to yt video . 
  press play . 
  lock phone . 
  press play on lock screen . 
  unlock phone . 
  press home . 
  lock phone again . 
  press play on lock screen . 
  unlock phone again . 
  your music should now be playing in the background . 
  very casually , yeah . 
  you have one hw assignment a week , and a midterm , and a final , and that 's it . 
  your lowest hw grade is dropped , even . 
  you can resubmit answers to hws infinitely until you get them right . 
  the course is time-sensitive though , so it may have begun already ( in which case wait for the next session ; try looking on coursera as well ) . 
  i took it last year ; i had no trouble with it . 
  make sure your linear algebra is strong though . 
  biomedical engineer here , i agree with you . 
  til i would mistake daniel radcliffe for a friend of mine, 
  huh ? 
  surely uv does n't just ignite alcohol like that ? 
  one neat thing my chemistry teacher back in hs did to illustrate the importance of balancing reactions was detonate balloons with gas mixes in them in the following order :, 
  - all o2, 
  - all h2, 
  - o2 + h2, 
  - 2h2 + o2, 
  each one was more spectacular than the last . 
  for less teachy stuff , try thermite , napalm , or magnesium . 
  put hydrogen peroxide on your wound to disinfect it . 
  i assumed it ignited alcohol in sealed containers somewhere else in the room . 
  first thought : he might not have liked that job so much . 
  ( op says otherwise though . ), 
  second thought : `` i volunteer as tribute ! '', 
  this has to be the straightest example of a hipster i 've ever seen . 
  universe replacer adds lens flare . 
  are you going to explain the diamond-square algorithm ? 
  if so , could you please do me a favor and explain simplex noise as well ? 
  it 's supposed to be much better but i keep dozing off on the one paper on it . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  go eat a dick, 
  well , i have n't seen entirely many hipsters , since i tend to use a blindfold while redditing . 
  as someone doing research in the field ( not cancer medicine , but nanomedicine , whose # 1 application is cancer ) , $ 100k would come in handy , but it honestly would n't help incredibly much . 
  i was happy to see the kid get his wish . 
  i 'm buying a wii u exclusively because i can play super smash brothers on it . 
  edit : psa : this is a terrible idea, 
  for the first 4/3 minutes i was waiting very , very anxiously , coming up with ever worse scenarios ... `` what 's gon na happen to his e string ? 
  is he gon na get that whiny noise ? 
  that does n't happen to expensive strings , i thought ... oh god what if it snaps ? 
  that could be painful and loud . 
  he 'd have to keep playing by using 5th pos and up on the a string . 
  that would be terrible but manageable . 
  oh my god what if it slips off the bridge somehow ? '', 
  i never even thought of detuning !, 
  it was both a letdown and a relief by the time it rolled around . 
  the worst one is probably posting your social security number . 
  ( if you live in the us , anyway . ), 
  boycott all the other space companies !, 
  that way they 'll be * forced * to use your space station . 
  in fact , you could organize mass boycotts to get you back . 
  ^ ( this does n't even sound like such a crazy idea ), 
  you would n't be able to see the light coming out , because it would get reflected back by the mirror on the inside . 
  that 's why you use agave nectar : dissociated sucrose !, 
  ( hence , a mix of fructose and glucose ), 
  edit : jesus christ guys . 
  # 1 : i know agave nectar is n't literally dissociated sucrose . 
  it happens to have a similar chemical content , though . 
  # 2 : i do n't use or recommend it for its health benefits . 
  i just think it tastes good , and it happened to be a good reference to make in reply to the comment above me . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  i have a stuttering problem , i would have been the `` mega-douche '' who did n't say anything at all ( mostly because the tension in my throat would n't allow me ) . 
  i work in the field of biology ( biomedical engineering , exactly ) . 
  nobody can name a famous biologist , except maybe darwin . 
  my country , hungary , can probably name one , szent-gy\u00f6rgyi albert , because he is one of the only hungarians to win a nobel prize . 
  nobody tell me that biologists are reclusive ; out of all of the fields , we have the most outgoing people i know !, 
  and the most women . 
  so , i do n't think having people not know about people from your field necessarily means people from your field are reclusive . 
  huh ? 
  is there a reference i 'm not getting ?
