  ] ( http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/openbci/openbci-an-open-source-brain-computer-interface-fo ) it 's the newest general-use bci there is ; they 'll ship in april . 
  i 'm advertising it myself because i want to make sure they meet their goal , so i can get mine . 
  this is very stupid . 
  [ greek ] ( #green - text ), 
  well of course you would . 
  i do n't know , she seems pretty weary, 
  first result is a protein . 
  mission accomplished . 
  ( i 'm a protein engineer ), 
  you 've convinced me . 
  downloading clouds right now . 
  that 's not fair . 
  i posted [ a post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/1tqhba/safely_deorbiting_a_space_station/ ) in which i did precision demolition on a space station , and it did n't get a quarter as many points as this . 
  oh well , cool mission !, 
  not exactly ; he used commas , not linebreaks . 
  it 's 2014 in most places by now . 
  wait , hyperedit is an actual * mod ? 
  * i thought hyperedit is when you edit your persistent.sfs to change your altitude or swap places with a ship , and stuff . 
  wait til you see titan . 
  unfortunately it 's quite dark down there , though . 
  very thick atmosphere . 
  this website has a lot of racism but you will only find small amounts of it here . 
  he really did mean that this person in particular seems like he might have been high , not that all sikhs are like that . 
  if you want to see real reddit-racism , go to / r/worldnews . 
  i 've been `` hyperediting '' for months . 
  where can i find the mod ? 
  space port does n't have it ; it has the page but the dl link is broken . 
  i kind of liked kerbin better without city lights . 
  the fact that there are lights but no cities makes it feel very fake . 
  also having a lot of ingame kerbals that depend on me makes me feel bad about the completely real 7b people i could be doing things for irl instead , by doing my job . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  i own a model m and i type in dvorak , but i still ca n't bring myself to be properly bothered by touch-screen keyboards . 
  i type basically novels on my tiny shitty iphone keyboard all the time . 
  once , on a 2-hour airplane flight , i banged out nearly 500 lines of * de novo * working python on my iphone . 
  it sounds like masochism but for some reason i barely feel it . 
  i guess i just have a gift . 
  thank you !, 
   it 's simpler to just buy a new one , or try the pen trick . 
  i think one or two shows with self-playing pianos would be good , but it should n't become a whole `` thing '', 
  do n't you mean green waffles ? 
  i 'm pretty sure this would count as roughly seafoam green . 
  step 1 : air compressor, 
  step 2 : fun, 
  i wondered it a lot as a kid , and then i read that the buttons `` add and remove different sections of tubing '' and i pictured a sort of rubber tube inside the trumpet and it still did n't add up because how would pressing a button splice a shorter tube into a longer tube ? 
  so i 'm still very grateful for this gif ( although this is like the fifth time i 've seen it ) . 
  go to / r/cableporn to un-ruin your eyes, 
  i know what mods * are * ( and their etymology ) , i just thought hyperediting was a verb that referred to editing the state file . 
  i got the impression by watching manley do it . 
  since what manley did by editing persistent.sfs was the same thing that people did when they said they hyperedited stuff ( only quicker ) , i assumed that that was what hyperediting was , and became a competent `` hypereditor '' . 
  i was dead wrong . 
  it 's a reference to an episode of south park . 
  2007 is very un-memorable for me but in 2006 the wii came out and that ... actually feels like forever ago, 
  this joke has been made many times every year , ever since the answer was 512 \u00d7 384 . 
  i want to be made of nanosystems , with a roughly holographic structure . 
  i want carbon fiber skin , universal covalent constructors built into every part of my body , high-density solid-state storage ( resistant to cosmic rays ) , configurability both physically down to the molecular level and mentally at least enough to install new software and to keep files of any kind on it , ability to interface with the internet and computers , security as good as you can make it , out-of-the-box sensory modalities for code and math and a whole lot of other things , structural stability enough to support reentry and impact from an orbit at an altitude twice that of geostationary orbit ( with no further help afterwards , e.g. 
  parachutes or a reentry burn ) , if possible a power generation system that relies on nuclear fusion of hydrogen , out-of-the-box ability to reconfigure into a lightweight ssto with as little perturbation from humanoid form as possible and with enough delta v to get to geostationary orbit and back to the surface , ability to acutely sense all forms of radiation including em radiation in all frequencies at a resolution far higher than the current one , hand beam thingies that fire gamma rays at as high a photon density as they can manage , the ability to use any atoms from the environment ( or even just hydrogen , carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , fluorine , silicon , phosphorus , sulfur , and chlorine ) to build anything with my bare hands using universal constructors at the fingertips , the ability to confer this biochemistry on any flesh-and-blood human i want ... 
  connecticut is that small ? 
  they do n't , but you do n't have to write it using capital letters . 
  i ca n't hear you over the roar of my nervas . 
  ctrl + z never works for me ever . 
  i 've checked , it 's not that it 's taking long . 
  it 's simply that it does n't work . 
  what gives ? 
  ( 0.23 64-bit steam version , arch linux , lenovo t430 ), 
  gimp masterrace superior to paint.net jew-pigs, 
  using a mansail for non-atmospheric flight ? 
  we say `` vvv '' when speaking that out loud in hungarian . 
  heck , we call w `` v '' most of the time anyway . 
  we do n't have a letter w ; most hungarians ca n't even pronounce / w / . 
  whoops , could n't see it very well . 
  you should be looking at the highest-isp engine you have for your transfer stage , not the highest-thrust . 
  it might be the skipper anyway ; it 's a rather efficient engine anyway . 
  where do you live that they would have this name ? 
  this sounds very strange . 
  the weight is n't the problem . 
  while it 's true that less mass is less affected by gravity and is thus easier to get to orbit , there 's also something else . 
  consider the following equation :, 
  f = m * a, 
  where f is force , m is mass , and a is acceleration . 
  this can be rearranged thus :, 
  a = f/m, 
  since really what you care about in space is accelerating your rocket . 
  your thrusters provide the force , and the mass of your rocket is the mass . 
  your thrusters will always provide the same amount of * force * per unit of fuel , no matter how much mass your rocket has . 
  so to make that force more effective , you lower the mass . 
  an amount of force divided by a lot of mass amounts to less acceleration than the same amount of force divided by a little mass . 
  therefore , you want your mass to be as low as possible . 
  is n't a `` bird clown '' just big bird from sesame street ? 
  do n't worry , that 's what everybody believes . 
  you need better lighting, 
  what movie is it from ? 
  i kinda recognize the actor but i ca n't place him . 
  thanks !, 
  man i instantly bottom out at 0 . 
  good on you for being able to listen for even a whole half a minute . 
  so `` triple double v '' ? 
  what 's funny is that the people who would use this site are also people who would be suspicious of it , given that they are the people who are concerned about the safety of their email addresses . 
  i bought cs4 web premium a while back as a deal that came with my new macbook . 
  it was an extremely good deal -- about $ 800 for the software , compared to the usual $ 2500 or so . 
  while i may have paid them money , i still regard it as nearly piracy .
