  that certainly explains why you put karkat between feferi and aradia . 
  gggg, 
  g g, 
  gggg, 
  ggg !, 
  gggggggg [ g ] ( http://www.pad.gatech.edu/publish/images/georgiatechlogo.gif ) `` ct '' ? 
  gggg ... gggg ,, 
  [ gas station of the future . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q4etz.jpg ) ( might be a good design for an electrical station , though !, 
  unless cars were always powered up through conveyers embedded in the road . ), 
  what about things in the bible that one can not accept ? 
  should n't we believe in the bible as a whole ? 
  i tend to disregard most of genesis , because i know that it could n't have happened that way scientifically . 
  i struggle to envision it as a metaphor , but i mostly fail . 
  does that make me un-christian ? 
  now it 's good . 
  just , before , the pronoun you began your sentence was `` he '' , which could n't 've referred to anyone but john , which made a couple incorrect statements like `` john is dave 's girlfriend '' and `` john is karkat 's sweetheart '' . 
  by the way : / r/marinebiology . 
  i 've / r/bestof 'd you ; this was very helpful to me , despite not being the person you replied to . 
  thank you so much !, 
  as someone who has n't had to work with mathematica yet , how is it different from wolframalpha ? 
  ( i mean , well , i know that it has its own programming language to solve complicated problems with , but is n't that just equivalent to iterated punching in of individual problems into wolframalpha ? ), 
  shit , now he 's deleted it . 
  i hate him as a person . 
  i think his character is pretty well-written , and serves a sympathetic purpose , as well as being a reasonable vehicle for hussie to kill off a few of the more minor characters . 
  i ca n't say he 's anywhere near my favorite character , though . 
   - she prototypes her lusus the horrorterror and almost makes the game unwinnable for everybody . 
  this results in innumerable doomed aradiabots being required for the alpha timeline to continue . 
  i do n't think that that was her fault . 
  she did touch on the topic , and did say that she felt that she was responsible for it , but it seemed mostly inevitable , due to the double-m\u00f6bius-reacharound doomsday virus or whatever . 
  i 'll admit , i giggled , but it was n't worth this pointlessly immature vandalism . 
  at least you can revert edits . 
  good thing the pictures are so blurry . 
  otherwise , i would 've been able to read some of it without buying it . 
  the fuck did i just listen to, 
  wow . 
  what a strange dude . 
  i 'd dismiss parallel fifths as not music too , though . 
  ( though i would be incorrect . ), 
  well , music is the arbitrary combination of sound and silence intended to elicit a reaction from the listener . 
  so , parallel fifths would fall under that , i guess . 
  burn, 
  [ burn ] ( / docscratch ), 
  burn, 
  [ burn ] ( / docscratch ), 
  burn for your heresy, 
  [ ahahahaha no idea when this was made , at all ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4ujkw.gif ), 
  well ... 
  i mean ... duh ? 
  though the spiral bit is an interesting subversion . 
  you do n't use adblock ? 
  well . 
  i guess my point still stands . 
   i 'm majoring in evolution , ecology , and biodiversity, 
  jesus christ , do n't kil yourself . 
  three majors ? 
  people do n't have equally-distributed birth dates . 
  what 's the purpose of having more than one hash function in a bloom filter ? 
  it seems as though it only generates confusion and uses up additional processing time . 
  i realize that that is what makes a bloom filter a bloom filter , but i do n't get why it 's desirable at all . 
  oh , i forgot that not all hash functions were perfect . 
  the solution is obviously more hash functions . 
  edit : to clarify , i mean `` perfect '' in the technical context , and am being entirely unironic . 
  does n't work ? 
  use more of it !, 
  works all the time . 
  even when considering hash functions and data access . 
  come on , is n't it a bit silly how universal that is ? 
  i love it . 
  you initially wrote `` symbals '' , corrected to `` symbols '' ? 
  after all , the edit distance between that and both `` symbols '' and `` cymbals '' is 1 . 
  i think homestuck has certainly improved my english , but i feel that the literary works that have expanded my vocabulary and grammar the most are the various pieces of fiction i 've had to read from victorian england over the years ( * jane eyre * , * scarlet letter * , etc. 
  when the calliope panel came out , everyone was making fun of the perspective , and joking about how it forces the viewer to seriously consider whether the skull monster has a cute ass . 
  that 's a really good point . 
  then again , rose and vriska have n't really exhibited similar abilities ( yet ? 
  ) , despite this seeming more like a light thing than anything else . 
  ( do n't think i 'm forgetting rose 's [ distaction ] ( / dunkass ) and vriska 's clothes change . 
  i just do n't think either of them fall under that category . ), 
  but karkat goes between sollux and nepeta . 
  hussie said so . 
  ... why ? 
  how is homestuck , within the work , profound ? 
  ( not attacking your opinion here , just curious ), 
  gemini here . 
  i do feel the same way as you , though . 
  that 's okay , since the purpose is that it 's a rainbow would n't make sense if you put karkat between mustard yellow and algae green . 
  well , it 's just the order of the signs irl . 
  apparently karkat would be a lime blood if he were n't mutant , placing between sollux and nepeta . 
  for your purposes you can probably take him to be unplaceable due to his abnormal blood . 
  their context makes all these less profound . 
  oh , good , i was getting scared for you for a moment there . 
  by your tone , i 'm guessing you like it ? 
  program on windows ? 
  what ide , what language ? 
  i personally like xemacs with cygwin for c. 
   post-undergrad, 
  not a grad student ? 
  criticizing ? 
  why would i be criticizing it ? 
  i just think it 's a bit funny .
