  if it were enjoyable to read , i 'd read it . 
  depends on where you go and the courseload you take . 
  it 's possible to have hard courses . 
  well , i 'm already motivated by my enormous ego . 
  my minuscule chance , please !, 
  synthesia . 
  it used to be called piano hero , but then a copyright claim developed . 
  are you sure [ stupid joke about your username ] ? 
  huh . 
  no america bashing yet . 
  good on you guys !, 
  he invited himself . 
  well , it 's a case of k * e ^ ( x ) , so that kind of does n't count as a separate case . 
  well , so look at it this way :, 
  df/dx = f, 
  ( multiply both sides by dx ), 
  df = f * dx, 
  ( divide both sides by f ), 
  1/f * df = dx, 
  ( integrate both sides ), 
  s ( df/f ) = sdx, 
  ln ( f ) = x + c, 
  ( solve for f algebraically ), 
  f = e ^ ( x + c ), 
  f = e ^ x * e ^ c, 
  ( e ^ c is just another constant , so we can give it a variable name ; why not c ), 
  f = c * e ^ x, 
  it 's standard separation of variables , really . 
  not much to it . 
  there 's other , more interesting proofs , though . 
  any damn way you like . 
  make up a pictograph , put it in a shell and two lines . 
  edit : or you could make up a sentence , and have that be your name . 
  which ones do n't you know ? 
  i 'll explain them to you . 
  well , but we knew we were going to have to wait for eoa5 . 
  this is worse because the update schedule is supposed to be normal , so there could be an update any minute . 
  at least , i 've always thought it 's worse . 
  any computer algebra system worth a damn can integrate things . 
  even things you 've never heard of . 
  ( calculators have computer algebra systems on them . 
  i do n't know what a solver is precisely , but it sounds like that ? ), 
  well , then maybe you 're just not the type to get offended . 
  they ended up reading recipes from a cookbook , i think . 
  easy :, 
  guess square root of potato , say 2 . 
  2 and potato/2 multiply together to make potato ; logically , the square root of potato should be between them , so we average them together to get a better guess , 1 + potato/4 . 
  do the same thing with 1 + potato/4 that you did with 2 : average it and potato divided by it to get an even better guess . 
  ( goto 1 ), 
  go seek a job somewhere else where they * do n't * take this into account , and prefer white men over other people ( consciously or not ) . 
  there 's enough of them . 
  ( it tastes a tiny little of segregation , but it 's seriously not a problem . 
  it 's much better than nobody looking out for minorities at all . ), 
  it 's kind of interesting how ( if a represents `` asian '' employment and w represents white employment ) ` da/dt = - dw/dt ` . 
  it 's also nice to see the men/women curve tied up so tightly . 
  omigod , this means he read my comment about balaclavas , too !, 
  ... this is every bit as boring a realization as i expected it to be . 
  no , it 's a non-hipster using the hipster filter . 
  decency, 
  [ stupid pun about your username ], 
  gee , i never knew the atari 2600 did 3d rendering . 
  it 's a quote . 
  i think i 've talked with this guy once before . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's a teenager with a thesaurus . 
  his reasoning for using obscure and esoteric language is that by making people look the words up , he improves their vocabularies . 
  i think he 's just a hipster wannabe . 
  edit : nope , not him . 
  someone with a similar username , though , and who consistently did this . 
  in my defense , it 's a very commonly used phrase . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  there 's nothing complicated about it . 
  you travel back in time and your actions do n't affect the future you grew up in ; rather , it 's a new timeline . 
  if anything , it 's the most simple possible backwards tt model . 
   [ everything else ], 
  i 'm looking to write fiction , not personally construct a time maze . 
  that would be impossible . 
  when i 'm writing fiction , i can write in as many stable and unstable time loops as i want . 
  reality is not going to stop me , because i 'm writing it , not reality . 
  rotten egg flavor ones are the worst . 
  they 're * horrible * , i ca n't get the taste out of my mouth for the rest of the day . 
  those ones are my favorites ... :'(, 
  well , not counting swf files , the site css , the html5 panels ... 
  i think so . 
  i 've only bought jelly beans twice ever in my life . 
  i think i get a pass here . 
  even if you 're trolling/meta-joking , it 's * still * the case that nobody wants to see it . 
  you could probably get people to do this for you for a small fee . 
  i know i 'd do it for fifty bucks . 
  twenty if you asked nicely . 
  free if i 'm in a good mood . 
  it sounds fun . 
  not everyone . 
  i 've been here over a year and i still do n't bother to question the authenticity of these things . 
  because it 's not asking about a hypothetical situation . 
  it 's asking you to consider the possibility that it is a matter of fact that andre was the happiest camper . 
  your version is asking the reader to consider an arbitrary reality in which it is the case that andre is the happiest camper , irrespective of what might actually be the case in reality . 
  if nothing else , it 's a matter of tense , but it 's really also a matter of the inclusion of the implication that the hypothetical is the way things * really , factually , are . 
  my understanding is that these camps are correctional facilities for kids whose parents feel that they are badly behaved . 
  some are terrible in every way : i think wwasp has summer camps , and its 2-year curriculum is known to be a ptsd-inducing torture ... thing . 
  that 's been mostly shut down though .
