  edit : wow , getting downvotes is actually kind of fun, 
  so that if they want to change individual frame borders , they do n't have to mess with the source code , just change the images . 
  `` bland '' `` empty '' `` however '', 
  i 'm sure my father 's side of the family lived there at some point , but not now . 
  gandhi , from the civ series . 
  in civ 1 , the belligerence of each player was stored as an unsigned 8-bit integer ( i.e. , a number that could only take on values between 0 and 255 ) . 
  gandhi had the lowest belligerence out of any ai : 1 . 
  however , as the game went on , ais would get modifiers to their belligerence ; certain achievements would decrement it by 1 . 
  once gandhi 's was decremented by 2 ( i think when he entered the industrial age ) , it rolled over to 255 , and he became the biggest warmonger in the game . 
  hence , the civ gandhi we know today . 
  well , i * am * hungarian , if it makes you feel any better . 
  i lived in ne hungary , though , not szeged . 
  before anybody votes on this guy , consider : they are trying to get negative karma . 
  let 's not give them that . 
  i 'm advocating that we do n't vote on spt at all . 
  how does that help them ? 
  reminds me of scrat from ice age . 
  but if you do n't downvote him , then he 'll stop posting , so you wo n't have to bother with him at all . 
  it is the same in hungary , only much more so . 
  among even young people around here , you can find racists , sexists , and people with historically incorrect beliefs . 
  ( also creationists , but they 're much less bad . ), 
  homophobia is n't such a huge problem here as racism , and you do n't really hear too much about it at all , but that 's because * the movement has n't even gotten here yet * . 
  watching out for gay rights is n't even in the public consciousness yet . 
  [ i have joked ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/1jf47a/russias_anthropological_find/ ) that its cultural state is essentially the same as it was in 1920 , but it 's worrying how little it 's progressed since then . 
  i thought because in the joke , they were supposed to be unawares . 
  i was confused by the father 's expression . 
  thank you for the explanation , but `` esc meta alt ctrl shift '' is a facetious acronym spelling emacs , concocted by vim fans . 
  i did n't mean to use it to actually describe anything , just indicate the ubiquity of modifier keys in emacs . 
  sorry , english is not my first language . 
  although , a google search shows that `` unawares '' is a valid adverb . 
  i imagine it applying to the verb `` to be '' , and the sentence makes sense . 
  is that wrong ? 
  i was gon na say not possible because no double letters , but then there 's `` weex '' . 
  does dutch have x ? 
  it is like the joker . 
  it grins not because it 's happy , but because it is physiologically compelled to do so . 
  it is also like the joker in that it kills people . 
  what i do n't understand , though , is why people * post * the trivial shit . 
  they know that some people like that stuff ? 
  `` when in rome '' ? 
  narcissism ? 
  filler ? 
  they are genuinely mistaken about the level of interest that it poses to most people ? 
  * i 'm * genuinely mistaken about the level of interest that it poses to most people ? 
  using linux differs from using windows in the following ways :, 
  - instead of downloading installer files from the internet , you use a package management system , similar to an app store ( but where everything is free ), 
  - applications are typically of the type that they do one thing only , and do it very well , as opposed to windows applications that do many things at once not necessarily well, 
  - your os is simpler and more transparent ; that is , you understand it better ( while theoretically a plus , it also gives you the confidence to break things ), 
  - much , much more configurability , especially regarding your desktop environment , which is essentially your gui ( again , while this is theoretically good , you can waste a lot of time trying to find the configuration that is exactly right for you ), 
  - a lot of things are less well-supported than in windows , although they are not necessarily things you 'd care about ; for example , mtp, 
  - you need to be able to solve problems with your computer ( which amounts to putting the error message into google and seeing whether anything relevant comes up ), 
  - yes , mainstream games have to be run using wine , but it 's usually no problem, 
  no , but it 's pretty nerdy . 
  i take issue with the analogy . 
  a ferrari is only comparable to macbooks in relative price . 
  your analogy implies that macbooks would be capable of a lot more than just browsing the internet , more so than most other machines . 
  while you can do pretty decent gaming on them , they 're not especially fast or anything . 
  but yeah , i do sincerely hope they enjoy being rich . 
  at least , i hope they 're rich . 
  i 'd be unhappy if anybody who did n't have money to spare would think that buying a macbook is the most efficient use of their money . 
  they do make good luxury items , though . 
  if you know how to do matrix multiplication , and visualize vectors , and do trigonometry in the context of vectors , then you 'll be totally fine . 
  he explains all of the concepts very clearly and does not assume much knowledge at all . 
  for example , he walks you through the tensor products of matrices , and makes it look easy ( really , it * is * easy ) . 
  did you look at the lecture notes ? 
  they 're supplementary material . 
  they 're literally the hardest material in the course , and they 're optional . 
  when my sister and i were young , we hated each other . 
  when we became teenagers , we started becoming increasingly okay with each other . 
  where do you work ? 
  maybe you do !, 
  we should convert all redditors to descriptivism . 
  i 'd like reddit a little more if that happened . 
  but , it really is true that it is usually the smartest kids that ask the most questions . 
  for reasons other than ass . 
   i know about 5 of these pokemons . 
  yes , i am ~ ~ old . ~ ~ young . 
  besides the sun ( obviously , a star ) , you can indeed see another tiny celestial body . 
  but i have no idea whether it 's a star or not . 
  common sense points to venus or mercury ( or even the moon , but i think that would look bigger ) . 
  no , it teaches only very basic quantum mechanics : the born rule , and the schr\u00f6dinger equation . 
  the rest is quantum computation . 
  how ? 
  they have only , like * two * world wonders , and do n't even have the sydney opera house . 
  i am learn german now , still do n't know how to say `` gibe money bitte '' . 
  edit : actually it 's kind of ironic seeing a german complaining about a synthetic , agglutinative language with a vocabulary partially derived from german , because german is similarly synthetic , agglutinative , and has a vocabulary totally derived from german . 
  oh yeah , and the germans dictated our orthography as well . 
  it is your fault we wound up with & lt ; sz  for [ s ] !, 
  edit 2 : of course , saying that both german and hungarian are synthetic and agglutinative is like saying that both snot and child porn are disgusting . 
  and poland is in la francophonie . 
  surprised not to see [ * black lightning * ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1569364/ ) . 
  it is like spiderman but set in russia . 
  ( it still counts as a foreign film if an english dub exists , right ? ), 
  that 's true , but in my opinion that 's more due to the amount of software written for them than their hardware . 
  their hardware is n't exactly anywhere near top-of-the-line ( e.g. , all but the most expensive macbooks have integrated graphics ) . 
  you can buy a laptop with just as good hardware for three-quarters the price . 
  i got here from / u/javacode 's submission history . 
  maybe you can not into his intentionally ironic behavior ? 
  ( does n't hurt your point , though ; even 1 in 50 sounds really high ), 
  why ?
