  they 're good at parts but terrible at putting them together to form larger systems . 
  thank you !, 
  only 25 % ? 
  must be really strict criteria for being `` threatened '' . 
   reading the first part of this item gives a different ( and more serious ) picture of what is ` endangered ' . 
  seems to be a problem in definition . 
  yeah , half are gon na disappear by 2050 ( iirc ) ? 
  not quite sure how half of those do n't count as `` threatened '' . 
  but really , there 's threatened , and then there 's * critically endangered . 
  * they mentioned ainu and that 's one example of a ridiculously endangered language we should really be trying to preserve ( seeing as though it 's its own language family and the last surviving member of it ) . 
  i tried to find it , but could n't, 
  non-caucasian trickster cosplayers were getting bullied because of it ; it was fair game, 
  that 's what genetic algorithms are for !, 
  blurs are reversible !, 
  tbf i can talk about physical organic chemistry in all of the languages i know , but that 's because in all of them all the relevant words come from the same greek ( ish ) roots with trivial transformations ( actually where does stuff like `` benzol '' and `` methyl '' come from anyway ? 
  anyway it 's all the same words ) . 
  how is it done in chinese ? 
  ( do you know ? ), 
  incorrect , it 's not even a group because it does n't even have closure, 
  the problem is traffic is so thick that i get to a corner where i 'm supposed to cross , and i turn and keep walking around the corner , and i get further , and further , and further away , and there 's * still * cars , so by the time there 's no more cars , i have to run practically a block back to that corner ( or , if i 'm crossing the street running perpendicular to the direction i was initially walking in , i just go across at the corner i ended up at ) . 
  well , or the ones that are n't dicks tend to be `` weak rulers '' , and do n't accomplish that many things . 
  but this is vastly oversimplifying , and there 's plenty of good guys who are rulers in history . 
  japan pretty much tops my list of places where i 'd least expect someone to die from overeating . 
  well , except if they 're eating noodles . 
  goddamn it 's all over east asia , this tendency to consume gigantic bowls of noodles and somehow not notice that it 's * way more * than would be required just for them to get full . 
  although , i 'm a hypocrite ; i have two stomachs , a black hole , and a normal one where everything that is n't udon goes . 
  okay ca n't waste my time with this anymore , lol . 
  edit : replaced `` fenomenon '' with `` jelens\u00e9g '' to appease dissenters, 
  dunno , just magyar-ized a greek word without thinking . 
  should be `` jelens\u00e9g '' , yeah . 
  edit : though i 've used that word before without raising eyebrows . 
  i guess , newsflash , hungarian has dialects . 
  but w/e, 
  why 413 ? 
  rtd really channeled his `` cheap , inappropriate jokes '' self in that episode . 
  the cutting to toss in curses was done more than once that episode . 
  i have n't played since beta became 1.0 . 
  imagine how i feel, 
  i 'm not complaining , i liked it !, 
  i just spent a bunch of time looking through a single askreddit thread , made an account , and unsubscribed from all of the subreddits that did n't interest me . 
  later , i was surprised to learn that there was such a thing as / r/atheism . 
  brb crossposting . 
  that was kind of the obvious choice for that contest anyway , was n't it ? 
  what kinds of somalia are allowed ? 
  al-shabaab-ball definitely is n't , i know , since you did n't allow isis-ball either . 
  what about somaliland , though ? 
  it 's functionally independent . 
  and khatumo is an autonomous state , which should qualify it to be a ball like the american states and russian oblasts . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  ( it 's * megamind * ), 
  oh my god another nordlang ? 
  do we really need more of these ? 
     from random import random, 
     random ( )  0.5, 
  ( sorry , i know it 's really boring ), 
   jupiter, 
  planets besides earth ? 
  fucking finally a conlang with polypersonal agreement . 
  your conlang history is completely unrealistic , though , as well as the phonology . 
  remember , languages tend to sound like the languages they 're geographically close to , even if they 're unrelated . 
  it 's between both spanish and french and there 's no nasal vowels ? 
  i suppose it 's a moot point because there 's no plausible history where it ends up there in the first place . 
  what is it with chechens and terrorism ? 
  usually i advocate against stereotyping large amounts of people as terrorists , but god damn . 
  i know how you feel , but it 's even more humiliating for me because i speak * three * languages that `` do n't count '' . 
  here 's how my typical conversation about language goes :, 
  they : so , you 're fluent in three languages ? 
  i : yeah , but i learned all of them as a kid . 
  hungarian from living in hungary , german from living in germany , and english from living in america . 
  they : oh , so you 've never had to learn a language ? 
  i : i learn a lot of languages all the time , but i 'm not fluent in any of them . 
  they : so you do n't really know anything about language . 
  i : well , i do know a lot of linguistics , i 've constructed several languages and i even won this award once ... 
  they : but you 've never really had to learn a language , so you do n't * really * know what it 's like . 
  i : but i learn languages all the time !, 
  like right now i 'm learning tagalog , which is structurally very similar to hungarian . 
  they : but you 're not fluent in it , so it 's not the same . 
  where do they speak tagalog ? 
  i : in the philippines . 
  they : are you planning on moving there ? 
  i : no ... ? 
  they : so why are you learning tagalog ? 
  and then they tell me i have an accent in english . 
  ( also , german is `` practically the same as english '' so really i only know two and a half languages . ), 
  what kind ? 
  has he ever endorsed homeopathy ? 
  what 's it * for ? 
  avoiding detection based on your writing style ? 
  because they can * actually * prove things . 
  in what scenario would i want to do that ? 
  edit : nvm [ answered ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/2fo8xr/has_anyone_heard_of_the_software_called/ckbbanh?context=3 ), 
  ah , ty , this is a great summary, 
  just want to add to everything else : is twelve getting characterized as a huge wet blanket ? 
  do you guys like this ? 
  could have sworn you 'd just stolen a beksinski . 
  awesome job !, 
  thank you for posting this , it 's really cool . 
  wow , hungarian has n't changed at all has it ? 
  i 'm surprised !, 
  usually we call them by the specific kind of dance they are .
