  - height, 
  - gender, 
  - angle of ears, 
  - skin color, 
  - eye shape , and details like length of eyelashes ( it sounds silly , but some people have basically no eyelashes ), 
  - eye color , although it 's pretty hard to see properly , and can be unreliable, 
  - hair length and shape ; while this can change , it can be good for months at a time, 
  - hair color ; changes even less often than someone 's hair shape, 
  - nose shape : is the bridge convex ? 
  is the bridge angled ? 
  curved ? 
  is the nose wide at the base ? 
  is it longer than it is tall ? 
  vice versa ? 
  are the nostrils big ? 
  small ? 
  - voice ; people have less diversity in voices than they do in faces , but it 's still a good identifying feature, 
  - verbal tics ; admittedly you need to get them to talk some for this , but lots of people have unique combinations of verbal tics or particular phrasings they always tend to use in certain contexts, 
  - personality , although this is only worthwhile for coworkers and the like : do they talk a lot ? 
  what do they talk about ? 
  do they mainly respond to queries ? 
  ask them ? 
  how do they respond to suggestions ? 
  how often do they make suggestions ? 
  - dress ; no one 's wardrobe is infinite , and it tends to have common themes, 
  - people they talk to regularly ; this tends to be unique , but the downsides are that you need to observe their behavior for long , and that it depends on your ability to tell people apart in other ways, 
  unless you 're really good at keeping lots of stuff in your head at the same time , you 're not going to remember to look for all of these at the same time , but after extended interaction you can pick a lot of it up . 
  try !, 
  color me german . 
  did n't notice it was a joke, 
  tight ? 
  ( disclaimer : esl speaker ), 
  you 're joking , but descriptive linguistics is a real philosophy that is important to adhere to . 
  actually , its density is * 3 * . 
  iceland can into indian levels of people !, 
  i do n't think it makes more sense ; prograde and retrograde burns are two things you do in different situations . 
  neither one is better than the other . 
  whereas you almost always want to have your rocket pointing up , rather than down . 
  err . 
  sorry if this is a stupid question , but did they check everywhere ? 
  like , shores as well ? 
  because a whole lot of trash ends up on coasts and so on , at very very high density sometimes , but the article makes it sound like they were just looking in open water . 
  past historic ( essentially the present perfect ) , past , present , future . 
  my first language is hungarian , which used to have the past historic , so i brought it back . 
  i think i packed parachutes and landing gear, 
  sorry i 'm total shit at magyar stereotypes . 
  best i can offer you is that the sz\u00e9kelys are hillbillies , but they 're not even on your map !, 
  for the `` true '' subtractive system , you 've got to look at printing , not art ; cmyk , not ryb . 
  the latter makes no sense from a biological standpoint . 
  from a biological standpoint , it 's rgb for additive colors , and cmy ( k ) for subtractive colors . 
  for additive you want one of each cone color , and for subtractive you want one of each color that has everything but a single cone color . 
  there * is * such a thing as interpolating plots . 
  edit : or he should have labeled the y axis `` length of scar '' , heheheh, 
  i suppose it accomplished its purpose pretty well , considering that the researcher probably left it alone after that !, 
  plotless adaptations of songs ? 
  jlp ? 
  ( not that i do n't like the comic or anything , but rules are rules ), 
  look , you do n't * insult * people who downvote you . 
  that 's mean . 
  yeah , but then the majority of their anger is generated by your condescending tone , not by facts !, 
  it 's not funny that way . 
  imo stick to just facts , presented in as friendly a way as possible . 
  then you can enjoy pure butthurt , untainted by legitimate offense !, 
  i learned this because my first language is hungarian , and we call cucumber `` uborka '' ( of slavic origin , related to english `` gherkin '' ) and pickles `` bef\u0151ttes uborka '' , and so it was always obvious to me for linguistic reasons , but ... wow , i never realized , english speakers do n't get any hints , do they ? 
  this is as stunning a revelation to me as yours was to you . 
  why the caps ? 
  if you pronounce it wrong , then you barely need to ermahgerd-ize it : `` eercurry ! '', 
  huh . 
  good to know !, 
  hungarian here , will ask around . 
  i think that hungarian speakers do n't necessarily regard english as complex , but they do regard it as illogical . 
  ( as in , i guess , having inconsistent morphology and orthography . ), 
   goes up, 
  is incremented , you mean . 
  see also : greenland , red sea, 
   it considers itself above the creatures it considers less than itself, 
  a specialized lisp , obviously . 
  more like , lots of people coming up with the same idea in succession . 
  i 'm impressed every time this meme is n't about redditing . 
  you bought him another beer , right ? 
  like / u/yodatsracist, 
  we barely know anything about the brain in comparison to the depth of knowledge that we would need to make this work, 
  if it did work , it would be unethical, 
  depending on how the simulation is run , you might have an isolated consciousness in the computer that you 'd eventually have to shut off . 
  still thinking of an onion . 
  it would have been a good opportunity for goatse , but too obvious memes are banned here ( or maybe just internet memes besides polandball memes ? 
  64 was original , and remarkably good for the time , but it was n't that great compared to the following 3d games . 
  ( well , it was better than sunshine . ), 
  the camera , while the most sophisticated at the time , was still an obstacle , the levels were very small compared to every later 3d game , which limited the amount of gameplay , and lots of time was spent running from one place to the other without anything fun happening . 
  if i had to replace it in your list with another 3d game , i 'd go with the first galaxy . 
  clarify : isolated , * self-aware * consciousness . 
  humans , dolphins , probably elephants , possibly chimpanzees , maybe whales . 
  not cows . 
  you mean base 9 . 
  base 9 :, 
  nine digits . 
  not the standard representation , but equivalent . 
  also , base 2 is 0 and 1 , not 1 and 2 . 
  it 's called `` code-switching '', 
  you mean ... oxolysis , i guess .
