  he brings up horses a lot, 
  speaking of overused memes, 
  how does `` p '' become `` b '' and `` c '' become `` n '' , though ? 
  i can understand the first one if you 're speaking out loud , and the second one if you 're using a dvorak keyboard , but neither of those are likely influences . 
  aha , it * is * based on saying it out loud !, 
  spurdo consistently turns unvoiced consonants into voiced ones , huh . 
  i guess the point of it is to emulate something nasaly, 
  yes it totally * is . 
  * do n't tell me you do n't see the pattern in `` fug i 'm falling down all dhese sdairs '' ? 
  you 're not allowed to ignore that most people * do * think of `` fag '' as a derogatory term , when it 's not being used as an affix . 
  the association is there , and so whenever someone uses the affix in a derogatory context , even if it 's not the affix itself that 's supposed to be the semantically negative part , it reinforces the association . 
  my argument would be an absurd one to make against other demonym-forming affixes , since there is seemingly no reason to think of them as negative ( although sometimes neutral things do acquire a negative connotation after repeated negative usage , such as the latin demonstrative `` iste '' ) . 
  but `` fag '' is clearly recognized as derogatory in other contexts , and the semantics leaks over whenever it continues to be used in a derogatory context as an affix . 
  i 'd love for the affix to become a neutral way of forming demonyms ( agglutination in english is funny and cool ) , but every time it 's used in a negative context hinders its path to neutrality , even if it was n't the part meant to indicate negativity . 
  of course you should be able to use a neutral term both in positive and negative contexts , but right now the latter looks bad . 
  let 's not use it that way until we 've completely forgotten its semantics as a derogatory term . 
  eh there 's always * some * vague methodology being adhered to , whether consciously or not . 
  to use a trivial example , all of the speech in that comic resembles english , and is entirely comprehensible ( what do we call it ? 
  low textspeak ? ) . 
  and additional voicing is a common enough characteristic in spurdo 's speech that we can consider it deliberate . 
  i guess at some point , someone thought , `` how do i make spurdo sound dumb ? 
  i know , i 'll make it sound like he broke his nose ! '', 
  and it stuck . 
  exhibit a of unwanted memes , huehuehuehue mszegedy 4 le ebin trole, 
  edit : jegus fuck this is my fifteenth reply in this thread, 
  \\  old, 
  once , when i could n't find a place to wash my hands , i used a pair of chopsticks to eat buffalo wings . 
  it was difficult , but it went entirely well . 
  this is 100 % unsurprising if you 've been on reddit long enough . 
  all three of these effects have analogues here . 
  nonsensical cd ` ing , and ridiculous resource monitors . 
  this subreddit desensitizes you a little , i think . 
  that said , of course this is very decent quality . 
   i 've seen people irl that have an entire monitors dedicated to displaying resource monitors because they like looking at it while they browse the internet or some shit idk, 
  those people are weird !, 
   it 's kind of silly i guess but not unreasonable at all , and it makes sense to show it on tv cuz it looks cooler than just staring at a bash prompt . 
  yeah sure it 's not so bad at all , but still a little eyebrow-raising . 
  the latter argument you could make for any outlandish hacking scene , though . 
  we 're here to laugh at them , not criticize them . 
  surprise , in my field the people are so programming-illiterate that they store dna sequences in word files . 
  come on , did you read what i wrote at all ? 
  i explain repeatedly why writing `` fag '' there was bad , and that it has nothing to do with what the author intended it to mean . 
  it has to do with what it * looks like * it means , and in this case it 's ambiguous . 
  words get their meanings fron how people use them , but also from how people interpret them . 
  and we would n't want to accidentally give the impression that this word is derogatory , because it 's not supposed to be . 
  almost certainly, 
  q1 : not a favorite word , but a linguistic feature : extreme amounts of elision and stop reduction , and nasalization of preceding vowels instead of pronouncing the nasal consonant :, 
  `` i did n't know that . '', 
  -  `` i d\u012f knowt . '', 
  or `` i d\u012f knowa ' . '', 
  `` i ca n't do it . '', 
  `` what 's that ? '', 
  `` whose bank account is it on ? '', 
  -  `` whose b\u00e3 ` cc\u00f5uzi ' \u00e3h ? '', 
  surprisingly , people can still understand you perfectly if you do this . 
  ( sris\u012fly , peole c\u00e3 sill \u0169s\u00e3 you perfly fya doous . ), 
  it just looks stupid written out . 
  q2 : * con air . 
  * the only other one i 've seen is * weather man * , and it sucked . 
  edit : oh , actually i 've seen * national treasure * and * sorcerer 's apprentice * too , but i did n't like either of them as much . 
  q3 : hungarian and english mainly . 
  i can maintain decent conversation in german and tagalog . 
  i know rudimentary bits of other languages , too , like russian and japanese , but japanese in particular i 've almost completely forgotten . 
  i know quite a few words in finnish , mansi , nenets , and proto-uralic , but i do n't know much inflection . 
  fun fact : i 'm turkic , but i do n't know anything of any turkic language . 
  ( except a couple loanwords from turkish in hungarian . 
  did you know we get our personal pronouns from them ? 
  how dare they ? ), 
  i forgot to mention the best part : these are * aligned * sequences , which means that they already had it in a real format , pumped it through an alignment tool , and the copy/pasted the result into word somehow , apparently not anticipating that you do something with sequences after you align them . 
  this sort of strip reminds me of some of the calvin and hobbes strips : an interesting dramatization of events in the life of a child , where at the end you get to see what was `` actually '' going on . 
  this is a brilliant idea . 
  nice collection !, 
  all these features are altogether boring , though ; there are n't any really eye-popping , oh-my-zsh level ones . 
  good to see this stuff getting included , though . 
  so , your options :, 
  - hydroxy ions, 
  - anything ending in - ate, 
  but why does it take nucleophiles specifically to catalyze the reaction ? 
  do they poke some sort of electron pair out of the way for something ? 
  as a protein engineer i 'm used to these sorts of groups being in particular places and pointing in particular directions , so that you know which way they 'll move the electrons in the substrate . 
  what does randomly throwing anything negative at it achieve ? 
  could you just use static electricity ? 
  it rhymes !, 
  huh , thanks , that makes sense !, 
  yeah , by the looks of it static electricity definitely would n't work , since elemental hydrogen is probably way less stable than the original compound . 
  this process i guess teaches a good lesson about having a mobile catalyst ; you move the hydrogen all the way from one side of the molecule to the other , since the catalyst is bouncing around . 
  you ca n't really do that with enzymes . 
  these fit the alpha kids better than the beta kids imo , although this might not have been intentional . 
  dave 's works just as well with dirk , since dirk is incredible at rap . 
  rose 's works better with jane , who did literally breed lilacs out of a dead land . 
  ( maybe they were n't lilacs per se . 
  totally could have been though . ), 
  by process of elimination jake gets john 's and roxy gets jade 's . 
  john 's works as decently with jake , whose hope powers are definitely a flame that needs to be fanned ( but i do n't see how the candles play into this ) . 
  the only one i 'm not happy with is jade 's for roxy ; for jade it would mean that she melted the ice in her land and set the frogs free . 
  for roxy it could mean that she coaxed calliope out of hiding , but that does n't fit as well . 
  they should n't * have * to . 
  good technology works right out of the box . 
  one word names which are both imperative verbs . 
  ty but / u/dbzmerciter2005 already explained it above .
