  make one quartet of sides slightly bigger than the other . 
  and , to nobody 's surprise , koleye 's first comic is still super great . 
  maybe . 
  i would n't get along with my teenage self , though . 
  by that logic , we should n't mention christmas , since it occurs once a year , every year . 
  / u/imgurtranscriber is just as good . 
  i connected the processor power source backwards . 
  the computer would n't boot up ... 
  i deduced that the processor was at fault and got a new one ( the old one was still there ; i had to send it back later ) . 
  still did n't work . 
  i deduced that the motherboard was at fault , and got a new one ( the old one was still there ; i had to send it back later ) . 
  it still would n't boot up !, 
  i finally realized my mistake , connected it the right way around , and it booted just fine . 
  so now i had a spare processor and motherboard lying around !, 
  except the replacements were from rmaing the originals , so i had to send them back to be destroyed , even though they had done nothing wrong . 
  i was very sad about that . 
  it is n't, 
  one way or another , eye tattoos are real . 
  sorry , it sounded like you were incredulous because the only place you had seen it is an advert . 
  my mistake . 
  hmm ... what i was thinking of are not tattoos per se , but little pieces of jewelry you put on your eyes . 
  those can get like this one . 
  what confuses me most about all deeper southern dialects is the `` pen '' / `` pin '' merger . 
  i had a southern geometry teacher when i went to hs in the us , and now i mentally pronounce `` length '' as `` lingth '' . 
  pen is supposed to be / p\u03b5n / and pin is supposed to be / p\u026an / . 
  i do n't think you have / \u03b5 / . 
  both are / p\u026an / . 
  also , what 's up with `` yinz '' ? 
  that is a house . 
  then they could still be identified , though . 
  facetious but funny . 
  and also in chemistry and biochemistry , we label nitrogens with that as well . 
  the best experiment ever using that technique was probably the meselson-stahl experiment though . 
  you 're missing the obvious . 
  / u/blbgolden meant a * second * daughter . 
  i just moved to berkeley , and i stay in town most of the time . 
  now i 'm scared to go out . 
  gifs are at least as large as streaming lo-fi yt videos , though . 
  i like the new way better . 
  it offers us a chance to talk about common life experiences . 
  there 's enough bad jokes on reddit already . 
  i own one pair of shoes . 
  they 're comfy hiking boots . 
  if i end up becoming your secret santa next year , i now know what to get you . 
  i do n't have things to spend cash on + i hope i 'll get a pay raise by next year, 
  i think about $ 100 ? 
  edit : okay , checked , a little more , still that 's manageable . 
  i see gifts valued at $ 300 or more on the front page this year , spending $ 100 - $ 150 is embarrassing in comparison . 
  i feel the same , good luck !, 
  i ca n't recognize jokes , but it was pretty clear what you wanted to do . 
  the person you replied to implied that there 's no way they could have had another daughter ( if you take their post at face value ) , and you knew that that was n't true and thought it would be funny if you posted the exception you thought of . 
  however , it was n't so funny , since it looks shoehorned in comparison to the more obvious exception of a second daughter . 
  i did n't think that you had necessarily forgotten about it , but i did want to remind you that it exists . 
  does no one remember `` but because all the other things are too hard '' anymore ? 
  nay, 
  twr for rcs is too low to land on duna with one tank only and come back . 
  you 'd run out . 
  what 's the problem with saying impossibilities ? 
  damn , all the wave pools i ever went to in hungary were regular . 
  holy hdr . 
  wait what does it mean then ? 
  i 'm guessing something sexual . 
  maybe anus-fondling, 
  oh my god . 
  what is his secret ? 
  how do i acquire large amounts of caviar like this ? 
  ( and please do n't say something facetious like `` living in russia '' , i genuinely want to know ), 
  uncanny valley ? 
  where ? 
  animation-wise the movie was perfectly fine, 
  there are seams and the list at the top begins at # 24 rather than # 1 . 
  it 's an impressive poster and everything but it 's not good to learn from . 
  ^ ( ( also , i feel like i 'm the only one that cares about transition states ) ^ ), 
  cispa = `` improves '' internet . 
  a purpose you can clearly state does not imply that it 's narrow or simple . 
  biomedical engineer here , i rate your description an a. 
  stuff it under a black panel , collect some alcohol vapor on top of the panel , and make a cloud chamber !, 
  you do n't even need radioactive material for it ; energetic particles from space work too . 
  `` traditional eastern european '' -- for everyone who is n't eastern european please appreciate the irony : most of us celebrate something called `` sinterklaas '' on dec 5th and 6th !, 
  and christmas on dec 24th besides , usually . 
  teratomas can be found in both genders . 
  look at all their grimaces, 
  watch out , comments in pun threads get stabbed with the ceremonial deletion dagger . 
  they have arms , just nobody draws them . 
  our magnetosphere keeps out some particles , but we still get plenty . 
  i interpreted / u/kid-karma 's post to mean that it would have had more of an emotional impact if he had sold it . 
  ah , well it would have surprised me . 
  but i agree that sounds like a cheap gag, 
  crosspost it to / r/watercolor and see how long until someone notices, 
  sorry , just testing to see whether you 'd notice that it 's hdr . 
  i mean , is n't it really awful ? 
  those would get degraded fast , and they 'd be heavy and not nearly as strong , and they 'd break instead of bend . 
  pieces of aluminum make much better bumpers than tires . 
  ( aluminum for starters . 
  i 'm not sure what bumpers are actually made out of . ), 
  ah , i was thinking solid pieces of rubber . 
  those break . 
  the air idea is better though . 
  it 's a bird , known for its nests ( i think ) . 
  `` halcyon days '' means good times you had in the past .
