  / r/catan for the interested . 
  the non-representation of ar is the entire reason behind the post you 're replying to . 
  nobles can still have effects . 
  xenon is an anaesthetic , for example . 
  no , his sentence was difficult to interpret . 
  wait ... something from homestuck got included in a major franchise ? 
  that 's news . 
  oh , no , wait , now i see !, 
  gfd . 
  i need to entice more people into reading hs . 
  cyanide and happiness . 
  no , differential calculus is his weapon . 
  therefore , you need to use * integral * calculus to defeat him . 
  and since a circle is parametric , [ here is the relevant equation ] ( http://tutorial.math.lamar.edu/classes/calcii/paraarea.aspx ) . 
  just substitute sint for x , and cost for y , and integrate from 0 to 2pi ( one circle exactly ) , and you get ... 
  the key to defeating lord english is 0 . 
  aaaaaand time to link again : / r/marinebiology, 
  the article was a very good read , and i 've been looking for something like this for a long time , but seriously , what do they use to typeset their equations ? 
  their product sign looks like the berlin wall . 
    wait , you do n't want your subreddit filled with memes and pun threads ? 
  this person was obviously joking . 
  i did n't even knew that mspa ran on centos . 
  huh . 
  ... there * has * to be a way to get the opposite effect . 
  `` i 've never seen so much of any element . '', 
  he 's never gone outside ? 
  he 's forgetting the sun : directly visible , and the exterior is mostly pure hydrogen . 
  ( and obviously every other star in the sky during night . ), 
  this never happened . 
  cognitive science minor ? 
  my respect level just multiplied a hundred fold . 
  ( actually less than that , but scope insensitivity makes it irrelevant . ), 
  i have n't taken any classes in it yet , but i have read * judgement under uncertainty : heuristics and biases * , and * influence : science and practice * . 
  what do you have to read ? 
  why not just turn back ? 
  i 'm not trying to be . 
  it 's just that he was wrong and it 's bothering me . 
  i was under the impression that you could still use wheels for unstable terrain . 
  or unstable as in `` might collapse under your foot '' ? 
  is that you ? 
  haha , `` wasteland '' ? 
  btw i think there 's a good chance that the far left nation would be called [ cascadia ] ( / r/cascadia ) . 
  well , there are tons of backups circulating among fans . 
  i have one up to dirk 's conversation with caliborn when he killed calliope . 
  i do n't , either . 
  that 's what i consider this sub to be for . 
  5 or before ? 
  first , disprove it . 
  there is only one entrance to my fort , and it 's a one-tile-wide bridge with a 20-level-deep-1-tile-wide chasm on each side . 
  the chasms are followed by walls . 
  the bridge is covered with every kind of trap imaginable . 
  the first and last tiles of the bridge are drawbridges , controlled by the same lever . 
  the chasms end in spiked pits , which can be retracted so that i can gather goblinite . 
  this works until things start showing up in the caves , like angry forgotten beasts . 
  i have a dirt-floor sparring room that i use to teach my dwarves wrestling and other things . 
  it 's too bad i ca n't teach my soldiers to * think * better as well , but the plus side is that the dwarves lack some of the things humans fail at . 
  this usually takes care of most things . 
  or just `` paul 's notes '' . 
  or even just `` how to do x '' , where x is anything from line integrals to laplace transforms to parametric equations , will bring up paul 's notes as result # 2 , the first being , of course , wikipedia . 
  they all sound a bit like elements . 
  then again , helium . 
  pockets and zippers , zippers and buttons , buttons and straps , straps and laces , laces and pockets ... but honestly i still really , really like these . 
  they are what i remember of wikipedia 's list of proposed gender-neutral pronouns . 
  i remembered . 
  they all are proposed equivalents to '' ( s ) he '' and the like . 
  some of them i can explain : `` hu '' comes from `` human '' , `` hir '' is roughly halfway orthographically between `` his '' and `` her '' , and `` thon '' i think comes from the one we used to have in old english . 
  the rest , like `` xe '' , i do n't know where they come from . 
  i like `` they '' . 
  unfortunately it makes number ambiguous in the preterite , but it can all be derived easily from context . 
  i like it because it is already in use , and has been in use for a long time , and it feels natural , and we do n't have to add any additional words ( that is , combinations of phonemes ) to english . 
  probably both , from different camps . 
  each proposal comes from a particular camp , though . 
  `` hu '' comes from the humanists , and i think it is because of a desire for people to relate to each other on the species level rather than the gender level . 
  it 's a punishment for not paying more . 
  you have to live with it . 
  well . 
  there 's the clause about the stardust , but we knew about it back when cherubs were first originally introduced . 
  we still do n't know what the horses thing is about ; caliborn has never mentioned horses onscreen , and horses were never mentioned to him onscreen . 
  we have n't been given overt hints as to his one vulnerability . 
  however , we can assume the way hussie tried to kill him was to exploit that one vulnerability , and it looks like hussie tried to shoot him . 
  guns seem to be a really big vulnerability to everyone , though , not just caliborn . 
  that said , it 's interesting from the point of view that hussie and caliborn have interacted in the past . 
  caliborn would remember hussie as the stupid voice in the terminal , unless it 's been a huge amount of time . 
  actually , given the ghosts from the walkabouts and their seemingly perfectly intact memories after trillions and trillions of years ( they say billions but the age of our universe alone is ~ 14 trillion , and i 'm assuming that that 's what they lived , or rather did n't live , through ) , his memory should be just fine after any period of time . 
  unless corporeal brains work differently than ghostly brains . 
  ( we know his brain and everything else about him is corporeal , because he bled when he popped out of doc scratch , and i doubt that that would happen to a ghost . ), 
  this might lend new motivation to caliborn 's murder of hussie , unless caliborn did n't know it was hussie until the point at which he opened his mouth . 
  in that case , his motivation most likely would have been his hunt for calliope 's ghost . 
  this gives us good reason to state that hussie 's location was somewhere in the furthest ring , since so far we have only seen lord english relegated to there , as opposed to anywhere else , and it would be unreasonable to think that he would have changed his location at any point without sufficient criteria , which we do n't have . 
  but this could already have been inferred earlier during the walkabouts , when we found out that english was looking for calliope . 
  in the end , all i can say about it that i could n't have said before we saw caliborn begin his quest is that he could have been looking for revenge on hussie , rather than on his sister . 
  this might even imply that he was never looking for his sister , but hussie all along . 
  this is unlikely , however , because it does n't explain why he subsequently went on a rampage throughout the furthest ring , which the calliope hypothesis does . 
  i realized throughout writing this that i was invoking exactly the same action as when i see an essay question on an exam . 
  and fuck mini-markup for not allowing indents . 
  i agree , though it was kind of in a weird way . 
  it sounded like he was trying to describe the parametric arc-length formula ... ? 
  in the one episode of sherlock that i 've ever watched , sherlock comes into possession of a phone with a lot of national-security-breaking secrets on it . 
  ( this is in the 21st century , obviously . ), 
  it is locked , however , and the lock screen looks exactly like the image posted here , but instead of `` stuck '' , it read `` locked '' .
