  i 'll see if i can find it when i get home . 
  but the thing is , he said `` smart '' . 
  not `` the second smartest person in the universe '' or something like that . 
  just `` smart '' , the way plenty of people are irl . 
  it 's deliberately pandering to people who figure they 're `` smart '' . 
  this is fantastic . 
  does anyone know who did the music ? 
  it 's a good thing this subreddit does n't take hiveswap seriously , that way i can put off playing it until i have the time and not get spoiled . 
  cool !, 
  was this drawn in ms paint ? 
  or maybe it 's a program in apl !, 
  how would we know ?? 
  kind of like how `` bort '' is a really funny substitution for `` bart '' even though you only change one vowel . 
  tell that to everyone who looks at that line and goes , `` wow , this really speaks to me . '', 
  you 're like one of those negative karma trolls, 
  but i 've got ta boot into windows for that , which kills everything i 've got open . 
  and i 've pretty much never * not * got something important open , so ... 
  just looked this up . 
  that sounds excruciatingly boring . 
  there should be more comics about papua . 
  tok pisin is real life polandball-speak . 
  [ hungarian runes ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_hungarian_alphabet ) but the thing that those are probably based on is an alphabet . 
  maybe something to do with linear a and b ? 
  but those do n't have any daughter systems afaik . 
  to be fair , you can actually make these sorts of claims sometimes . 
  the claim made in the title would actually be probably true for uralic if they said any other number than `` four '' ( or any other number than `` three '' ? 
  one of the two is disputed , do n't remember which ) . 
  meanwhile , with the tex family , you ca n't figure out how to move the image exactly 1mm to the left without doing something hacky that ruins things down the road . 
  \\ hspace { } is usually the hacky solution , though . 
  elegant solutions involve knowing stuff about margins , or float placement parameters , or in some cases bundling stuff into a tabular ( or a minipage like you suggested ) ... 
  ... but usually i 'm in a rush and ca n't be bothered with elegant solutions , so \\ hspace and \\ vspace do basically all of my positioning for me . 
  fair enough , but it just feels so bad to think that someone 's gon na take it that way . 
  may as well whine about it . 
  insufficient data for a meaningful answer . 
  in hungary we have another dumb variation on this . 
  apparently the guy on the other end of the first telephone call was hungarian , and said , `` hallom , '' meaning `` i hear it , '' which idiomatically expresses in hungarian that the call came through . 
  and hence , `` hullo ~ hello '' was born ( but not really ) . 
  see my explanation of the tale [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/70yi3j/til_hello_derives_from_hell/dniiv5k/?context=2 ) as you may have guessed , it 's totally apocryphal . 
  oh yeah , then why not sibilants ? 
  those travel ridiculously well compared to pretty much everything else except maybe click consonants . 
  well , it depends . 
  if \\ hspace and \\ vspace did n't have a place in typesetting , then they would n't exist . 
  but i do stuff like \\ includegraphic something at the end of a document , have it end up beneath the page , and insert a \\ vspace { -20 cm } just to put it in the right place . 
  this has long-term repercussions if i ever want to add anything to the document ever again , because the positioning of the image and all the text following it ( if i ever decide to add any ) would change wildly and unpredictably , and at minimum i 'd have to redo the amount of vspace every time . 
  this is cool , but iirc it 's possible to read directly off of the hs data stream , and this is what powers most deck trackers . 
  never found out where it 's documented , though . 
  maybe the hearthsim community has it kicking around somewhere . 
  no , i mean the script in question could be the daughter system of linear a/b . 
  although the `` oriental '' - ness of linear a and b is questionable . 
  oh man , if i had a good understanding of latex , i 'd not be complaining about not being able to do positioning stuff , lol . 
  in any case , through grade school and college , i used it to typeset assignments , certain letters , fanfiction , and manuals , and now i use it to typeset mostly scientific papers . 
  my field is biomolecular modeling . 
  for sure is the only difference between your understanding and mine the past few half-understood answers i 've read on tex.stackexchange.com . 
  latex knowledge drains out of your head really fast , or at least it does out of mine . 
  oh snap , maybe we 've helped op after all ? 
  this is good to know . 
  everywhere i 've been on reddit i 've seen nothing but hate for every one of the gop candidates , as well as obama . 
  this is my opinion too ; but it 's puzzling to predict the result of the elections if nobody 's viable . 
  is there still somebody ? 
  sopa protest idea : betty crocker-themed invasion of mspa . 
  biiiiiig . 
  prohiiiiiiibitive . 
  come on , you know this is great !, 
  so , i have to write a relatively short essay on a hypothetical planet in an existing binary star system of my choice . 
  i 've decided to use alpha centauri b for this , as it is less boring and more suited to habitability than a. 
  ( i know it 's technically a ternary system , but that 's just a theory ; proxima could have a hyperbolic orbit , or none at all . ), 
  so , i tried looking around on the interwebz about all of the different factors that could affect my planet . 
  i found many afferent variables , but no one could give me any results . 
  for example : i know b is spectral class k-1 , but what 's going to go on on \u03b1 cen b a besides a slightly oranger sun ? 
  and if i place my planet 0.7 au away with little to no orbital eccentricity , what 's going to happen to the mean temperature on that poor planet ? 
  i could n't find any sources for that sort of thing . 
  does anyone know anyplace that might help ? 
  come on jeb when will miencraft suuport dreams ih was playing minecrat in my dreams thee other day and it was so glitchy hte fraemrate was terible and i couldnt place certain blocks and skeletons didnt shoot arrows and i could onky move at one speed feax this minecraft needs to suppot dreams, 
  \\* true story *, 
  it so sexxy, 
  fix it, 
  and why does day get shorter during winter ? 
  the uncertainty principle says that the more i know about an object 's momentum the less i know about its location , right ? 
  so what if i find out the exact momentum of earth from a science textbook ? 
  will the world disappear ? 
  or will i just forget everything ? 
  pstoing to mccirclukekrek cuz i want to comlpoeian about mienkarfts surbbefit ksucign, 
  for some time i have successfully grasped n-dimensional geometry now . 
  i am always looking to expand my view of worlds both real and imagined , and i one of the ways in which i seek to do this is visualizing any number of dimensions . 
  i can now successfully comprehend things like simple rotations of x-dimensional hyperplanes in a y-dimensional cross-sections of z-dimensional space , and similar operations on polytopes and such . 
  the spatial dimension that i understand the most , however , is the next one , the fourth . 
  i mentally feel as comfortable in it as in the third dimension , naturally processing the movement of objects in eight directions rather than our six ( up , down , left , right , forward , backward , or however you wish ) . 
  recently , i have been searching for a way to bring it into ours : some sort of way to view and interact with a four-dimensional world , so that we may grasp it fully in its beauty . 
  you probably do not like where this is going . 
  i believe the fourth dimension can be modded into dwarf fortress . 
  you know how we have z-levels ? 
  we break the three-dimensional world of dwarf fortress down into layers , for comfortable two-dimensional viewing on our two-dimensional computer screen . 
  we cycle through these layers , viewing one slice at a time because we can not view the whole thing in one pseudo-three-dimensional shot , except in a clumsy manner with things like stonesense , which require abstract rotation to view the whole thing . 
  it 's much better for us to take our square slices , in complete certainty of the x and y position of everything we see . 
  this is practical in general for viewing the fourth dimension as well : take gradual , periodical , three-dimensional slices of the whole thing , each of which can be individually comprehended quite handily . 
  to look at different parts of it , just cycle through the layers , in w-levels , like in dwarf fortress but with three-dimensional layers instead of two . 
  however , who is to say that these three-dimensional layers can not be broken down into two-dimensional slices like the ones for dwarf fortress ? 
  no one .
