  where did you get moot 's signature from ? 
  the savannah duh, 
  i tried both , but they were n't found . 
  i guess they 're used . 
   spzu-ydwowt91pc1w7, 
  i used this , thanks !, 
  their pyramids are stepped though, 
  you can do this in english ? 
  in hungarian we much prefer `` meg '' to `` plusz '' when saying addition , and `` meg '' is our word for `` and '' . 
  * but when i add numbers with `` and '' in english , i get funny looks . 
  ^ ( * generally for two items . 
  for more than two , and sometimes for two , you use '' \u00e9s '' , unless you 're doing polysyndeton , in which case it 's again `` meg '' . ), 
  also hungary . 
  we did it * before * iso made it standard . 
  ah , to be on the cusp of cultural progress !, 
  also , like japan , we write our names with the family name coming first . 
  meanwhile when * you all * make alphabetized lists of names , you need to reverse them , because you write them wrong . 
  take that !, 
  it 's not called eastern name order for nothing, 
  ( i do n't know , two is bad enough ), 
  the name 's similarity to `` yakuts '' is only coincidental , right ? 
  usually my team complains about the opposite . 
  if i have an uber , then i need to use it immediately !, 
  or else i 'm wasting time !, 
  i figured , i 'm just posting it because i just discovered it for myself . 
  your application of it is ridiculously cool . 
  aww what . 
  all that work for nothing !, 
  oh my god get over yourselves . 
  it seems you ca n't post a guessing thread now without everyone finding * something * horribly wrong with it . 
  it 's a challenge op can make however they want . 
  if you think something about it is too hard or too easy , do n't do it !, 
  or you can leave a comment saying it 's real hard or real easy , but for god 's sake , do n't say it 's * bad * , just because it 's not compliant with your narrow idea of what these challenges can be . 
  ming too, 
  it sort of does . 
  pixel density has a ~ ~ lower ~ ~ upper limit . 
  edit : typo, 
  i find wiktionary to be the most useful to download, 
  it 's strange how you get a feel for these color-metal associations with even only a little education in inorganic chemistry, 
  well , at least you 're a * polite * prescriptivist, 
  sort of . 
  i wish peoples ' ideas in general were better implemented . 
  if you want to learn all the major romance languages , go for latin first . 
  it will give you insight into historical linguistics , and make the other languages easier to remember . 
  if you want to learn a well-respected language with many speakers , do french . 
  if you want to learn a language that would be easy for you as a spanish speaker , learn another iberian language , like portuguese or catalan , or learn occitan . 
  if you want to use your language to acquire tasty food , learn italian or portuguese . 
  alternatively , if you 're interested in broadening your horizons , you can learn maltese , under the excuse that mussolini classified it as a dialect of italian . 
  ( he was extremely wrong . 
  it is not even indo-european . 
  it is afro-asiatic , and distantly related to arabic and hebrew . ), 
  it is interesting to learn because it is the only semitic language written with a latin alphabet , and an underrated entry point to the semitic languages . 
  not the oldest , but the ( very ) few surviving millennium-old samples of old hungarian are readily understood by hungarian speakers . 
  edit : these are the oldest known uralic texts , so i guess this answers the more specific , related question of what is the earliest still intelligible attestation of a uralic language . 
  but i have no doubt that if there were finnish inscriptions as old or even older , they would be comprehensible , as the language has suffered remarkably few sound changes over the millennia , even preserving loanwords from proto-languages almost exactly ( pie \\* por\u1e31os -  finnish porsas , proto-germanic, 
  \\* kuningaz -  finnish kuningas , proto-balto-slavic \\* deiwas -  finnish taivas ) . 
  but nobody runs eu4 on their phone, 
  you can * play * it on your phone in a number of ways , all having to do with running it on your computer and streaming it to your phone , but this is a horrible , horrible experience . 
  yes . 
  xpost this to / r/cephalopods !, 
  and frostea closed , too , leaving only teaberry . 
  at least their shakes are good . 
  i thought it might have been hdi . 
  but if it 's gdp , i really do n't think oklahoma produces anywhere near as much value as the philippines does . 
  and i doubt hawaii produces as much as nigeria . 
  and minnesota has no oil , so it ca n't produce the same as norway . 
  the rna polymerase gene further down from valeriana officinalis has 20 % cover , though , which is pretty good considering everything . 
  btw , i checked '' [ s ] jack : ascend . '', 
  the canonical substitution is `` meow '' -  `` gcat '' , not any other order . 
  i thought it was gon na be something really common , like ribsosmes or rubisco, 
  yeah i had the same thought but i figured it was too pointless to bother with . 
  neat that someone did an analysis , but slightly disappointing that it 's not even statistically random . 
  you 'd think hussie would be one to use a generator ( or program written from scratch ) . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  the downside is that the only people who would eat there are hipsters, 
   i do n't think there will ever be a `` reddit killer '' though . 
  this site has nailed a niche so well that like facebook , it will be thriving long after webheads have moved on . 
  it 's easy to be a community when everybody is locked in the same room , even if it 's not always pleasant . 
  that 's mutually exclusive and equally powerful with letting the user control their experience . 
  you sure ? 
  there 's still time to cock it up . 
  that 's why nobody uses slashdot or digg anymore . 
  edit : to be fair , slashdot has a thriving community of linux users , but besides that ... 
  would n't they just go to a regular restaurant ? 
  is the conflict kitchen especially good though ? 
  there 's some very hard to beat middle eastern restaurants in the area, 
  ah cool, 
  it 's like a slightly easier ryukyu . 
  it is also the only filipino civ ( although the sulu islands are arguably culturally malay ) besides the generic ideas sultanates that show up in the 1600s . 
  btw , if you want more depth/realism , check out the paradox studios games , in particular crusader kings , europa universalis , victoria , and hearts of iron . 
  after seeing enough gravitational lensing stuff , it becomes just as astounding as peering through your glass of water ( which is still p cool tbh ) . 
  i wonder if anyone ever gets the chance to live next to one of these things , what they 'd think of it . 
  i challenge you to find a country that 's * better * as greyskin . 
  or hell just is n't worse, 
  disagree , prussia is a cleaner and shorter name than holy roman empire . 
  its flag is also better , and its grey is marginally sexier . 
  ditto for jaunpur except for the flag and colors part . 
  hey , they 're not failures !, 
  there had to be a lot of them for us to find evidence of them , after all . 
  vriska was actually nice here,
