  sign the fucker up, 
  we can still change the logo , though !, 
  somehow , me too, 
  if a mod can accomplish it , there 's no reason for them to add it in . 
  failed attempt at bathos is failure, 
  technically , if it 's * in * the code , it 's impossible to hide it , only obfuscate it ( that is , make it harder to figure out what it does ) . 
  if you look at obfuscation contests , it takes them days to figure out what about fifty or so lines of code actually do ( my favorite one was the one that was arranged in the shape of an airplane and turned out to be a flight simulator ) . 
  how about upvotes for everyone . 
  this has become my tag for this guy : `` has huge calculus equation balanced in head '' . 
  i mean , if he had just said , `` do n't downvote me '' , then i might not have downvoted him . 
  but he made inaccurate assumptions about my cursor `` fucking '' hovering over the downvote button , and told me to consequently unplug my mouse . 
  that 's more bull than i can take in a whole day delivered in the space of a couple of seconds . 
  karma is serious shit . 
  wait , are you trolling ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  there are no `` liberal bots '' on reddit . 
  there is little `` liberal propaganda '' in play here . 
  these people agree with liberalist ideals , and vote accordingly , both on reddit and in the voting booth . 
  no one is preventing you from posting . 
  once you learn manners , you 'll find yourself in a more favorable place among discussion anywhere . 
  i think it might be the quickmeme link as well . 
  have your karma back . 
  no , but it 's * secret * . 
  there 's something we 've missed . 
  seriously , * fuck * the bureaucracy . 
  i hope so, 
  it 's simultaneously bananas and through the roof . 
  i arrived late to the party and i had no idea the questions were supposed to be legit . 
  maybe it 's time to formally reassign meaning ? 
  obviously you have only seen the jersey turnpike and jersey shore . 
  come visit sometime !, 
  no , he was referring to right wingers * who are * retards , not necessarily implying that all right wingers are retards . 
  more importantly , what texture pack ? 
  no your a fagot, 
  you belong somewhere else . 
  this is n't bad , actually . 
  actually , placing apo ` strophe 's after every ` single 's can be a fun typographical quirk to have . 
  e'specially ` since the third per ` son verb ending in engli ` sh i 's an 's . 
  there are tons of indie games , and there are even more games than that with retro graphics . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  my tags for you slowly morphed from `` hates reddit '' to `` hates redditors '' to `` hates social networkers '' . 
  that 's okay , i hate a lot of social networking too . 
  just not the people . 
  upvote for logical reasoning, 
  wow . 
  on a reasonable budget , i 'd totally get this . 
  i am also loving that windowed case ; i must find out where i can get one for cheapz . 
  i could n't tell that from your comment ... 
  that does indeed destroy this one . 
  however , even if i had n't already bought the motherboard and cpu , i 'm kind of done with intel for the time being . 
  i 'll probably use it for my next personal ( high-budget ) build , but i want amd for this one . 
  and i 'm kind of sceptical that two cores of 3.1 ghz intel are worth more than four cores of 3.3 ghz amd , but what do i know ; it probably beats it by a million miles . 
  bluh , i have the mobo and processor already . 
  :p but thanks for the thought . 
  nah , it was through the mail . 
  not gon na return that . 
  the mobo was off some random guy on amazon ( whoops shit it says newegg lem me fix ) . 
  apparently he 's fifty or so years old . 
  he sent me a thank you cd with a bunch of pirated 70s music on it . 
  he seemed generally friendly , though . 
  nah , i ca n't return it . 
  and i have no particular reason to boycott intel . 
  i like those guys . 
  i 've just been curious about amd for a while ; figured i 'd stuff one of their processors in the thing . 
  i 'll upgrade the cpu to something way better in a year or so . 
  tell me , what does it mean if the hdd is hybrid magnet/ssd ? 
  because that 's what the de4 seems to be . 
  and no , it does n't fit in my budget , but hopefully the price will come down next week , and then it will . 
  or i 'll be able to get something more reasonable for the same price . 
  edit : oh , and my mobo has no sata3 ports , the only downside . 
  :( i 'd feel kinda bad with that hdd ... 
  edit 2 : aaaaaand the psu you recommended looks great and obviously cheaper , but even though i do n't even strictly need 400w ( more , a little over 300w ) , i 'd still go for the 600w one , because expansion and whatnot . 
  it 's always best to be on the safe side , right ? 
  by the way , what happened , by picture :, 
  does n't know about form factor, 
  is an idiot, 
  china, 
  no fucking clue, 
  server maintenance got drunk, 
  cheap liquid cooler, 
  paranoid, 
  why could n't you ? 
  just follow through on your mobo 's os setup . 
  select that disk as the boot disk in the bios , and so forth . 
  it 's exactly the same as having a magnetic one ; the differences are all physical . 
  * any * size on the market should work . 
  you need , like , 16gb , tops . 
  it can grow to up to 20gb , though , which is a significant encumbrance on smaller ssds ( the ~ 60 gb ones ) . 
  choose wisely !, 
  blah , dropbox is slooooooooow . 
  use imgur like everyone else . 
  is it weird that i had the actual music playing in my head during this ? 
  yes , i saw that a few days ago , and then i wondered . 
  thanks !, 
  i guess i know what i 'm getting , then . 
  but , i wanted to add an ssd as a boot drive , with a spare $ 100 i have lying around . 
  bad idea ? 
  so does everyone other redditor who owns an iphone or ipod touch ... 
  depends on where you 're from , but generally yes . 
  whee , i 'm doing this is well at a science fair !,
