  thanks , but it 's a little late !, 
  i have n't had power or wi-fi for days now . 
  this is getting sent from my mobile phone . 
  thank you very much for the sentiment , though !, 
  geromy is in fact jeff 's father . 
  ( sorry for not replying yet but this hurricane is really distracting !, 
  although at this point the only symptoms are no power and a lack of internet . 
  i 'll think about it later ! ), 
  edit : ( one thing though , i did all of my calculations using only parameters for the values , so i could usually integrate over whatever i wanted . 
  maybe in your case you could integrate over seconds ??? ), 
  crosspost to / r/hydraulicsporn !, 
  * pristine, 
  muphry 's law ? 
  ( the lesser-known cousin of murphy 's law ), 
  mules ca n't avoid obstacles or do any navigation by themselves . 
  they 're dumb as fuck . 
  source : i used to live in eastern europe until this year . 
  but they * were n't * communist . 
  that does n't make communism good , but they do have a point there . 
  the worser part of it is how they have people there who actually identify as `` stalinist '' or `` maoist '' . 
  i 'm confused , some of the assumptions you made about me are contradictory . 
  i think . 
  i assume that most people are like me , and be affected in similar ways by it . 
  it 's not just a question of my comfort , either !, 
  i 'd ( read : we 'd ) probably still be able to benefit from world agriculture , but anything funded or operated by the government would be somewhere in the range of less dependable to nonexistent . 
  there would , at least , be benefits in immigration ; now * there * is one area where i would advocate a hands-off approach , especially in the case of a lack of a state altogether . 
  but i do n't seem to be strictly oppressed in any way !, 
  the government ensures that the university where i study keeps existing , and that there is a grad school ( i.e. 
  a future ) for me to continue to , not to mention healthcare ( although that could be doing better ) and help and protection during a disaster in the form of fire and police departments . 
  i could imagine a lot of these things provided by private services , but i feel it works better when there 's a cohesive structure to tie it together . 
  i did n't read the sidebar because i 'm on a phone , where you have to press a button to get it to show up . 
  okay !, 
  one thing though , would n't a socialist or communist state achieve the same ends ? 
  i 'm sure there 's * some * way that you can prevent individuals in the government from being more privileged . 
  ah , so i guess it goes at right angles to traditional calculus . 
  well then i guess this is a dead end , unless you can somehow set it up as an equation that gives you the interval ? 
   you wo n't find many anarchists that want to get rid of social organization or organized systems like the water supply or transportation . 
  heheh , i did n't think so . 
  what i meant was that they would deteriorate without regular maintenance , and eventually might even become unusable for certain areas . 
  also , there are national standards for things like ac , and it would be hard to change these standards or introduce new ones . 
  without a government to do this , if i traveled anywhere outside a 50 km radius of my home , i 'd have compatability issues left and right . 
  running water would probably be well off , though , especially if most people converted to well water . 
   there 's a lot to consider here . 
  if theft and violence are part of human nature , and we as people are threatened with it by living in human society , then it would make sense to consent to a hierarchy that promises to protect us from this threat . 
  however , there 's a problem . 
  if society is dangerous because it is made up of humans , then would n't this hierarchy also be dangerous because it is also made up of humans ? 
  if that 's the case , then those in authority can inflict even more pain and suffering on society than any individual or small group could do on their own . 
  that 's a very good point !, 
  i 'd definitely buy that , analytically speaking , but then i live under a government that provides a direct counterexample . 
  it 's hard for me to understand , but somehow , poised , like you said , to inflict an even greater amount of suffering on society than any individual human can , the government still mostly benefits me and many others , as opposed to mostly harming them . 
  i think it might be because if they did that , they 'd get deposed ; that and there are probably several government workers ( most of the teachers , certainly ) that actually care about people and not themselves , although i 'd never use that to justify anyhing . 
  there are still governments that skirt that thin line and try to maximize their benefits , not hesitating to use military force , and if all governments were like that then i 'd definitely be advocating anarchy as well . 
  but so far i have yet to be oppressed in any meaningful way , which i find amazing and encouraging . 
   i 'm an anarchist because i see freedom for each and every individual as something self evident , and i have never seen a state , neither in practice nor even in theory , that can exist without violation this ethical doctrine . 
  the state does necessarily involve coercion , which i think certainly need a lot of justification before it can be acceptable . 
  if you can explain a state that can exist , even just in theory , without violation anyone 's rights then i will for sure listen . 
  ah , this is where we differ . 
  i am content to relinquish a lot of freedoms if i feel that i 'd get something better in return . 
  this is n't to say i 'm totalitarianist , though !, 
  my parents grew up in socialist hungary , and i lived in its aftermath . 
  my country was severely mismanaged , and it was basically terrible for most people . 
  my grandfather recently wrote a book about his life in hungary from the 50s to the present day , which i 'm currently translating to english for everyone to read , and it seemed pretty bad to live under . 
  it did n't strike me as bad because of the lack of freedom , however ; i 'm more affected by the amount of suffering that went on due to what appears to be called coercion around these parts , and the general poverty that resulted from stupid ideas in the management like `` steel industry '' and other locally impossible things that they copied from russia . 
  so , a more complete view of my stance would be , you can take away a majority of my rights , just leave me alone about it and use your power wisely . 
  this of course is never completely fulfilled , but i can tolerate a certain amount of error . 
  sorry for not coming back to the rest of your post , but i am on 2 % of phone battery ; in a couple of hours i 'll get home and recharge my phone with some tasty gasoline , at which point i 'll discuss the rest of it !, 
  what 's the lesson ? 
  if they start `` coming for '' anyone , i 'll be sure to speak out . 
  well , they are certainly persecuting illegal immigrants , who i do not believe to be at fault at all , and i do , in fact , speak out for them . 
  thank you for your points !, 
   if you 're worried that we would all kill each other without a violent central authority , then that 's pessimistic , ahistorical and unscientific . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not . 
  your take on the state is an interesting and true one , and i do believe that the state is for the better . 
  i 'm not worried about the end of humanity itself , or anything of the sort ; i can completely imagine life in an anarchistic society . 
  it just seems potentially a lot harder a life than a statist society . 
  i do n't have to worry about self-defense as much ( unless i want to ) , because the police take care of that for me . 
  i do n't have to worry about education as much ( unless i want to ) , because public education takes care of that for me . 
  i do n't have to worry about my house burning to the ground if there 's a fire ( not like i could ) , because there 's a public fire department . 
  i 'd miss these things in an anarchistic society . 
  it does n't sound * so * bad : i imagine there would be a strong sense of community , and everyone would be helpful and very well-versed in practical matters . 
  but statism allows us to focus on other things more , so that not everyone has to fend for themselves . 
   a productive and progressive global economy would benefit from the removal of the state-capitalist system . 
  how ? 
  thank you !, 
  have n't gotten the time to look at it , but i 'll be sure to do so . 
   the coolest example was planck 's constant being larger , resulting in a person 's electrons diffracting into a wave pattern onto the opposite wall whenever they walk through a door . 
  sauce ? 
  i need to ~ ~ play ~ ~ read this . 
  dammit . 
  reading comprehension is at an all-time low . 
   the interior of the hide would still have a layer of subcutaneous fat attached , which is a yellowish , off-white color . 
  the layer of fat is not of a consistant thickness ( for example at the knees and elbows it is nearly nonexistant , and on the belly , thickest ) . 
  as the hide is removed ( peeled away from the carcass ) the blood vessels that fed the skin and fat layer will be severed , causing a light and uneven layer of blood . 
   i never skinned a living subject ( i trapped beaver , muskrat , fox , mink , bobcat , and raccoon ) . 
  i do , however , know my skinning , as i skinned hundreds of animals . 
  further , i suspect that for a living subject , the process would be excruciating , and the exposed muscles and underlying tissues would seep blood that would have been going to the skin . 
  i. . . guess this guy knows his shit ? 
  what ? 
  this joke was first made literally before i was born . 
  you 'd think we 'd have more original captcha jokes by now ...
