  what about idiots ? 
  we have a couple of these in hungary . 
  mostly though i see these in germany . 
  you know , it * has * been a while since the word `` cunt '' has been upvoted to the front page . 
  i think it was a joke ? 
  itt : germans, 
  their language is ugric , meaning it has lots of cases , is highly agglutinative , and its words are n't especially related to any existing language ( except , distantly , hungarian , and even more distantly , finnish ) . 
  edit : apparently it 's actually finno-ugric , and so is related more to finnish than hungarian . 
  ( also there 's a lot of tiny finno-ugric and ugric languages i did n't mention but nobody cares about those except me and like two other people . ), 
  it 's not , they just built a space elevator there and this picture is taken from the top . 
  oh , sure , like that 's the most likely explanation at all . 
  what about all the other voting that has ever taken place on reddit ? 
  people downvote comments they do n't like , and upvote ones they do like . 
  this practically always boils down to agree/disagree . 
  saying that reddit votes based on discussion rather than agreement is pretending and wishful thinking . 
  edit : case in point ( sorry ), 
  huh , i could have sworn eesti was ugric . 
  okay then !, 
  grad student here : ramen noodles are still an acceptable form of currency, 
  fun fact : chocolate has roughly the same melting point , and that 's one of the things that makes it so fun to eat . 
  `` cunt '' is inside the word `` cuntt '' , though . 
  order of the stick had that as a joke on one panel . 
  it 's probably a common enough joke that you heard it somewhere else , though . 
  would n't you also need to eat styrofoam ? 
  but at some point the hydra would die from not having a fast/strong enough circulatory system to oxygenate all the heads . 
  even if its heart kept growing , that 's not sustainable . 
  he was probably talking about / r/learnmath , since he said he 'll `` ask '' there too . 
  my money 's on `` x ^ 2 + 12 '' . 
  otherwise it would say `` 4 ^ 2 + 3 \\* 4 '' . 
  careful , you do n't want to get salmonella from that . 
  right , as it gets larger the amount of heads dying per second , times the amount of seconds it takes to regrow a head , approaches the number of heads . 
  which would mean exponential growth . 
  i get that reference !, 
  ( not where i got the joke from , though . 
  i read that panel like a week after i came up with it . ), 
  pretty much my favorite rock . 
  what i 've never understood is where those incidents are reported * to * . 
  i 've tried checking in / root , but nothing . 
  ( that would probably be insecure anyway . ), 
  man , i always got hassled for that even through high school . 
  i was one dumb kid . 
  does n't `` cuckoo '' refer to some sort of mechanism there though ? 
  is the bird necessary for it to be a cuckoo clock ? 
  every time that part of the quote gets posted , someone misses the reference and explains the post !, 
  you people are so good-hearted . 
  hey , i remember this comment from the last thread !, 
  too bad everybody 's going to discuss the fact that it 's a repost , now , instead of the post itself , unfortunately . 
  oh well , at least the message is getting across , i hope, 
  now , let op install universe replacer !, 
  haunted board game, 
  on linux , there 's youtube-dl . 
  yes !, 
  a bugfix update !, 
  i am so happy about this . 
  this is too mean . 
  if someone gave me this , i would not be inclined to change my mind at all , not even right now . 
  people who report other people for using unlicensed software , unless it 's a really , really good cause , are being dicks . 
  there 's reddit mold , which makes you unable to type certain letters . 
  it 's limited edition though . 
  if you used dos , anyway, 
  yeah , last time they checked ( 1989 i think ? ), 
  mansi had some 3000 speakers . 
  it 's terrible . 
  yup , that worked . 
  thank you !, 
  yes , because everybody who majors in cs becomes a tech support person ? 
  my god , your computer ... it runs like butter . 
  what 's your setup ? 
  i use a laptop : nvidia nvs 5400m @ 1600x900 and an intel core i5-3320 @ 3.32 ghz . 
  ( it 's a lenovo . ), 
  16 gb of ram . 
  i recently downgraded to a magnet drive for storage space . 
  just looking at the surface of kerbin makes my footage jittery . 
  i dunno , my family consists of 90 % cs majors , and they have jobs like `` head of cs department at state uni '' and `` mysterious google employee '' and `` software developer '' ( this person was a software developer in the 50s through the 70s , so he was n't exactly programming apps ) . 
  no sysadmins or tech support . 
  this would be at the gate , where we 're all going on the same flight anyway . 
  that gap between your big toe and the adjacent toe is huuge . 
  because we 'd end up with an elliptical orbit and fry ? 
  i imagine it 's working full-time recording the votes , and he uses his regular computer for other stuff . 
  as a hungarian , the worst of these to me is the case of the mansi people . 
  25 years ago , a census said there were some 3000 ( or was it 300 ? ), 
  of them . 
  the language they speak is the closest existing language to hungarian . 
  i wonder how many there are now ? 
  i say it 's cheaty , because i 'm jealous that you have the patience to fiddle with those . 
  - water, 
  - mercury, 
  - butter, 
  - chocolate, 
  - anything else that 's a gas or liquid at room temp, 
  is ... is top left saul ? 
  i 've been looking at / r/cringepics submissions on the front page ever since the sub has existed , and this is the first picture that actually * worked * for me . 
  awesome !, 
  if a , b , and c are all positive integers , then we can conclude that cup = 2 . 
  edit : i am not original . 
  prescriptivism is terrible, 
  my god . 
  where can i find these stores ? 
  - software costs like 3x as much in australia, 
  - internet is slower and more expensive in australia,
