  the student was wasting time on the exam that could have been better spent answering questions or checking over their work , all for the sake of a joke . 
  it was in good humor , but a finals exam is * not * the time and place to be witty . 
  does it properly format for you , though ? 
  it comes out all weird for me even though i have textheworld installed . 
  edit : the very last tex item shows up and that 's it . 
  edit 2 : every expression without a backslash shows up . 
  this leads me to conclude , sans actual experimentation that i do n't have time for , that textheworld only works on expressions without backslashes . 
  that 's really really useless . 
  edit 3 : or maybe the correlation is with curly brackets . 
  or [ ; \\ sqrt { f ( x ) }  in particular . 
  who knows . 
  edit 4 : okay , it 's none of those . 
  what ? 
  should n't that be `` mozart effect effect '' ? 
  every 60 years . 
  no one , ever ever , needs to die . 
  nope . 
  we should jail them for absurdly long amounts of time , sure . 
  but not kill them . 
  never ever . 
  they 're entire sentient beings . 
  you 'd be * destroying * a mind . 
  you forgot the part where you contrasted this against the palestine jerk . 
  / r/worldnews is being really dumb here , but i wo n't believe that they said opposite things about the palestine protesters in equivalent circumstances unless you provide evidence . 
  / r/hydraulicsporn would like to hear from you . 
  any kinase ( the example on the t-shirt is hexokinase , which you can tell is a kinase from the name ) * is * an enzyme , but have zero to do with unzipping genes . 
  kinases phosphorylate things ( that is , attach phosphate groups to them ) . 
  hexokinase in particular phosphorylates hexoses , which are six-carbon sugars , which are the most important/popular kind of sugar , since they include glucose , fructose , and galactose , and most other sugars are built up from six-carbon sugars ( like sucrose is a glucose and a fructose attached together , maltose is two glucoses , and lactose is a glucose and a galactose ) . 
  a well-educated highschooler could have pointed that out just from the ending - kinase , which is why it 's so embarrassing . 
  a well-educated undergrad could have also told you what the hexo - part means . 
  edit : i just wrote that sucrose is a glucose and a sucrose attached together . 
  we should recursively define * more * molecules , do n't you think ? 
  glycolysis is unilaterally considered part of respiration . 
  i wonder how often he switched colors . 
  i think there 's a wikipedia article on it , actually . 
  hold on . 
  edit : nope , ca n't find . 
  huh . 
  hic can deal with red miles blowing up derse , but not a stupid social network ? 
  she needs to set her priorities straight . 
  huh . 
  well , they teach it differently now , i guess . 
  i was taught that glycolysis is most definitely part of both respiration and fermentation . 
  we see many pictures of it causing structural devastation on derse , like the landslides that knocked out dirk , locked off the transportalizers , and killed jane . 
  i like them , but they 're a bit ... ah ... wobbly . 
  not that i do n't like them . 
  that ? 1 at the end is probably the one zillion he originally needed to create it . 
  no , they 've invented the study of geometry !, 
  pretty soon your dwarves will be using sines to calibrate their crossbows . 
  give them another several hundred years and they 'll be using newton 's method to find weak points in the cavern structure . 
  i find the `` gender wage gap is nonexistent '' one more hard to swallow . 
  i can imagine people envying the attention women get from men , but i ca n't imagine them denying something statistically quantifiable like the wage gap . 
  what are they going to say , `` all your studies are wrong '' ? 
  you ca n't just use a blanket argument like that . 
  you need equal and opposing * evidence * , not `` i deny all of your sources !, 
  i 'm tempted to buy him 15 more , just for fun . 
  whoever advocates the * elimination * of emotion on grounds of rationality ( as opposed to decoupling emotion from the arguments themselves ) should read [ this ] ( http://lesswrong.com/lw/hp/feeling_rational/ ) . 
  no , plot holes are internal contradiction , not bad writing . 
  how do i prove that they are paid less ? 
  take an unbiased sampling of several laboratories , count up the annual income of actual money , and compare it to gender . 
  i had lots of problems with it , but i was worried you would belittle me for lack of comprehension , so i got to the point . 
  but i mean large-scale structural devastation as well . 
  my example is pretty large-scale anyway . 
  the condesce should care about parts of her city * collapsing * . 
  forget * that * . 
  i 'm bequeathing it on my children . 
  that is the exact kind of reclining couch chair that i have . 
  that piece of furniture must be nearing a decade old . 
  even if he is , wikipedia is very strict in dealing with vandalism coming from primary schools . 
  they will actually shut the school 's wikipedia access down ( temporarily ? 
  i do n't know how it works ) if there is too much vandalism coming from there . 
  teachers/schools will therefore also be very strict about it . 
  i got a detention for * joking * about subtly editing a relatively obscure wikipedia article ( the one on adaptive radiation ) , and i got the whole deal with wikipedia and schools explained to me . 
  i doubt that . 
  and if i turn out to be right , i can point to this comment and say , `` i was right '' . 
  despite making a really general statement . 
  no , it could be just months before 11/11/11 . 
  it will either fail to release in the first place , or be mind-blowingly underwhelming . 
  or it will be underwhelming at first , and then take a decade or two to mature until the developer decides to give up on it . 
  i was n't confused at any point during the movie . 
  i was confused for a long period of time while looking at the image . 
  this makes the image more confusing than the movie . 
  ( confusingness is n't the integral of confusion over time , but the expected value of confusion over time . ), 
  umm ... no ? 
  gfd, 
  if everyone would at least read * g\u00f6del , escher , bach * , the world would be a less frustrating place . 
  edit : sorry , i overreacted . 
  this was the second reply i got like that , and i was feeling annoyed . 
  but do take a look at geb , it 's an excellent book . 
  limbo looks roughly the same for everyone . 
  the protagonist ( i forget his name ) and mal decided to build a city . 
  saito decided to build a palace . 
  no , it 's a book , and i really do wish everyone would read it !, 
  i am not `` gifted '' . 
  why would you think that i think i 'm gifted ? 
  i 'm the one who does n't see inception as a big deal . 
  if i did see it as a big deal , then i 'd feel proud of understanding it . 
  but i do n't see it as a big deal , so instead i 'm just sad that other people do , because i honestly do n't think so . 
  the solution is education , and i think that a good way to teach `` meta '' concepts like this is through * g\u00f6del , escher , bach * . 
  it makes the reader gradually very comfortable with that sort of thing .
