  the major problems with it are the lack of significant sources of nitrogen , which severely limit the number of useful organic molecules you can have , and the crippling radiation , which would destroy any complex molecules . 
  or maybe it used to have a magnetic field ? 
  someone help me out here . 
  source : bioengineer ; i 'm confident in the biology , but somebody please help me out with the astronomy ; if i missed any probable sources of life feel free to tell me, 
  it 's very , very likely it 's a normal number . 
  homestuck characters . 
  homestuck characters that have died at least once . 
  homestuck characters that have died at least twice . 
  organisms . 
  marine organisms . 
  marine invertebrates . 
  er , organic molecules that have names other than what iupac gave them . 
  i can name all the single-cellular model organisms i 've heard of , but i doubt they total even 40 let alone a hundred . 
  i could probably name at least 70 proteins , not sure i could manage a hundred . 
  i name my cities in civ after proteins . 
  maybe if i broadened it to include functional rna it would work . 
  if i included the amyloid fiber versions of each protein , then i could easily get over 150 , but saying different folds of the same molecule is cheating . 
  edit : i just realized : all the elements . 
  i liked the time war better without it having been retconned , because i was able to write fan fiction about it . 
  i 'm honored !, 
  that must have been from my previous rant on why proteins destabilize at high temperatures . 
  it does n't require an atmosphere like ours , necessarily , no . 
  but a source of nitrogen is extremely helpful . 
  it can make three bonds * and * have an electron pair . 
  if you add a proton to an n2 group at the end of a hydrocarbon you get an easy way to have a positive charge on something . 
  if you put an nh in the middle of a chain then the hydrogen can hydrogen bond to something negative . 
  otherwise you 'd need to attach a relatively floppy hydroxy group onto a carbon or something for that , which is large and unwieldy . 
  edit : ( and yeah , early earth 's atmosphere would be totally hostile to a human or most of current earth 's life . 
  there was no oxygen , for one thing ; it was only until after the great oxygenation event that we had oxygen . 
  also it would have a lot more co2 . ), 
  now i 'm offended at the implication that my needs are * not * diverse and many , since i 'm also a person . 
  anyway , we could have a scale where 1000 is 25 \u00b0 c. 
  if it 's three digits or less , it 's cold , and if it 's four digits or more , it 's hot !, 
  you can have your real text editor be gvim with janus . 
  it 's what i 've been using for years . 
  anyway , i did n't see this as a video that 's meant to show solutions to everyday problems ; more like a video that shows how hilariously powerful vim scripting is , and a list of funny things you can do with it . 
  like that very swedish haskell video . 
  i installed janus on gvim , so this might just be that , but what 's wrong with ` '' + y ` and ` '' + gp ` ? 
  sure !, 
  [ mfw corrupt mods ] ( #green - text ), 
  [ dymaxion master race ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/dymaxion_map_unfolded.png ), 
  but waterman is a crackpot !, 
  while his map is cool , i do n't want to support him . 
  once i literally taught a romanian restaurant how to make goulash . 
  it was glorious , they were very friendly about it and everything . 
  it resulted in two additions to their menu ( since making guly\u00e1s is very similar to making p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt , and lecs\u00f3 ) . 
  before that , the `` goulash '' they served was warm water with boiled beef in it . 
  guly\u00e1s should be * scalding * water with massive amounts of paprika in it , as well as a new world pepper base . 
  here ( for asian goulash , s/paprika/soy sauce/g ) :, 
  pour a moderately small amount of oil in the bottom of a pan . 
  heat the pan until the oil starts spitting . 
  meanwhile , start boiling some water ( ~ a liter ) . 
  throw some cut up peppers on the pan . 
  if you live in mexico or the usa , these should be jalape\u00f1os and the like . 
  if you live in hungary , just use the more flavorless kind of bell pepper . 
  cut some onions into little bits and throw them on the pan as well . 
  if you 're making lecs\u00f3 , add these at the same time as the peppers ; otherwise wait a little . 
  add minced garlic to the pan . 
  if this is with meat , do n't add a lot , though ; your meat will probably be marinated with garlic , making this unnecessary . 
  if the water has n't boiled yet , feel free to add some more vegetables ( as long as they 're small ) . 
  carrot shavings and scallions are popular ; if you 're in california or florida then tangerine slices would be a surprisingly good choice . 
  never ever add tomatoes , unless you 're italian . 
  by this point the water should have boiled . 
  put it into a goulash pot and hang it above the fire . 
  the goulash tastes better if you cut the firewood with your own hands . 
  toss all the vegetables into the pot . 
  ( if you 're making lecs\u00f3 , the recipe diverges here ; look it up some other time , i want to focus on goulash . ), 
  * now * you can add larger vegetables like tomatoes . 
  cut up the tomatoes into at least quarters if not eighths . 
  cauliflower is also good , i 've never tried beets but i assume they 're good . 
  mostly these should be roots . 
  do * not * add potatoes ; they 're again a different tier . 
  let it cook a little , then add enough water that the vegetables are nearly covered with it but not quite . 
  wait for about an hour since the vegetables have started boiling . 
  at this point you can either skip to the last step , if you 're good , or add more stuff . 
  if you have time , i recommend at least adding the meat . 
  if you have decided to add the meat : get a time machine and go back to at least one day prior . 
  buy some beef , cut it into large cubes , and then * completely drench them with paprika * . 
  i leave it to your imagination exactly how you 're supposed to marinate beef with paprika ; i recommend garlic sauce as an adhesive . 
  tarragon is a good spice for this as well . 
  so is monochrome pepper . 
  wait for 1 day ( or however much time you traveled back ) , and get out the beef and put it in the soup/stew , an hour after your past self has added the large vegetables . 
  add more water until it gets to nearly the surface . 
  wait for another 3 hours . 
  now , if you want , add potato . 
  cut the potato up into relatively large chunks ( ~ 3 or 4 chunks to a potato ) . 
  put these in the soup . 
  add more water until it gets to nearly the surface . 
  wait an hour or so for them to boil . 
  this is a good time to get the beer out ( you want to be thoroughly drunk by the time you 're eating the goulash ) . 
  this is the last step !, 
  have 3-6 different kinds of paprika paste handy . 
  now , add a dab ( about four times as much as you would if you were brushing your teeth with it ) from each tube to the soup . 
  mix them in thoroughly . 
  you 're now basically done . 
  congratulations , you can now feed yourself , your family , * and * whoever are coming over for dinner . 
  you can make this with beans as well , but that 's an art . 
  i seem to recall an additional boiling period of 2 hours for the beans ( as well as a bath for the beans a day beforehand ) . 
  now , if you 're visiting hungary , and want the day-to-day culinary experience of a hungarian : go to a crappy gyros bar for lunch , and a crappy chinese restaurant for dinner . 
  my refrigerator ( general electric , old enough to have a bachelor 's degree ) has a semi-separate compartment for ice .
