  then should n't it be posted in / r/funny , not / r/crappydesign ? 
  did they get piet mondrian to design it ? 
  at this point , just cropping it from the post is not going to reduce its quality much more . 
  which would make sense if sherazin 's deathrattle was coded as `` summon a sherazin seed '' ... but using feign death effects on sherazin just turns it into the sherazin seed , as per the deathrattle 's exact wording ( and then people on reddit write about how it 's `` really obvious '' that that would happen , because that 's how it 's worded ) . 
  so it 's some kind of transform effect . 
  but it 's not like all transform effects trigger `` whenever a minion is summoned '' effects ; faceless manipulator only procs knife juggler and apothecary once , for example . 
  polymorph and hex do n't proc them at all . 
  i think druid 's `` choose one '' minions used to proc them twice , but now they only proc them once ? 
  or was that a different interaction ? 
  are you referencing the estonian government 's joke flag , or is it just a coincidence ? 
  tits area does n't quite match up unfortunately , but otherwise a really funny photo . 
  maybe he should try hiking from the left end of that hill to the right end and back , then retake the picture to compare ? 
  eh , but i 'm not looking for meaning in the patterns on my chairs , just stuff that looks pretty . 
  i 'd kill for anything with a nice-looking julia fractal on it , and that 's squarely in the `` computers can do it and humans ca n't '' territory . 
  instead , i got ta settle for paisley stuff . 
  damned if i can find it now , but they put a qr code in the middle of the flag , and claimed that it will be the new flag . 
  the context is that the estonian government has been digitizing a lot of stuff as part of a modernization effort , such as voting , and it was supposed to be a humorous self-parody . 
  i think this was on their twitter ? 
  for those who can not view the article :, 
   amazon buyers are now complaining of what they call a new scam where third-party sellers allegedly send your package -- in some cases without the product inside -- to another address in the same city where someone else signs for it . 
   that creates a delivery record that prompts amazon to deny any claim that the package never showed up . 
   all amazon seems to check for is that the package was delivered and signed for in that same city and state , said polanco . 
   amazon says with the `` a-to-z guarantee , '' customers are always protected , but polanco 's claim was initially denied -- despite the provided fed ex records -- not once but three times , after which amazon say it may not reply to further emails . 
  tl ; dr : the scammers claim to sell some sort of item , but when you order it , they just ship something worthless with the same weight to somewhere else in the same city . 
  because amazon does n't check the exact address , they think it has been delivered , and wo n't listen to the buyer complaining about not getting the package . 
  i just wish i could easily find good decks i can craft . 
  what i 'd like to do is restrict my searches by `` dust needed '' , or at least sort by `` dust needed '' , but currently you can only sort by total dust , which is n't as useful . 
  as someone who does n't play hearthstone on mobile because of the battery drain , i do n't mind the bloat much . 
  if i 've got a computer that can handle hearthstone , it can probably also handle hearthpwn . 
  ( this even extends to the internet connection . ), 
  it is an impressive thing to make a terrible flag without those . 
  they are easy mode for terrible flags . 
  i would n't be able to resist pronouncing that as `` letherge '' . 
  the strange thing is , this is completely correct . 
  maybe that 's how they got belgium 's flag ? 
  ( it is n't ), 
  nice try , hoi4 pr team !, 
  ( just kidding , it is great to hear this ; especially surprising/heartwarming that an old college clique decided to hang out together again ), 
  [ sorry if you already know some of this ; i figured i 'd write a complete and self-contained explanation , just to be safe ], 
  human eyes have just three cone receptors , which each have a different spectrum of sensitivities to different wavelengths of light . 
  the `` blue '' receptor is sensitive to short wavelengths , the `` green '' receptor is sensitive to longer wavelengths than the blue one , and the `` red '' receptor is sensitive to slightly longer wavelengths than the green one . 
  ( these receptors are n't all equally sensitive ; see the footnote . ), 
  when you see red light , that means that the light only has wavelengths in it that activate the red receptors , and not the green or blue ones . 
  when you see yellow light , that means that both the red receptors and green receptors are being equally stimulated , i.e. 
  the light has a more or less even mix of `` red '' wavelengths and `` green '' wavelengths . 
  cyan is an even mix of green and blue , and magenta is an even mix of red and blue . 
  ( orange is about two parts red and one part green , and purple is about two parts blue and one part red . ), 
  white is an even mix of all three colors . 
  the darker something is , the less light it reflects , and the greyer/more bleached something appears , the more evenly mixed between the three wavelengths the light it reflects is . 
  brown is dark , kinda bleached yellow-orange ; that is , a small amount of red , an even smaller amount of green , and an even smaller amount of blue . \\*, 
  if something appears blue under white light , that means that it can only reflect blue wavelengths , and not red wavelengths or green ones . 
  so if you shine yellow light on it , which only has red and green wavelengths , it wo n't reflect any of that light . 
  so under yellow light , the blue stripe will appear black . 
  if something appears white under white light , that means that it reflects all three colors . 
  so if you shine yellow light on it , then it 'll reflect all the visible wavelengths you 're shining on it ... so just the yellow ones . 
  so the white stripe will appear yellow . 
  finally , the red stripe reflects just red wavelengths , so if you shine a mix of yellow and red wavelengths on it , it 'll only reflect the red ones . 
  so it 'll appear red . 
  basically , if you want something to appear the same under yellow light as under white light , have it only reflect green and/or red wavelengths . 
  many african flags work out , like mali and ghana . 
  ^ ( * when you dump a bunch of different paints into a bucket together , if you dump more or less an equal amount of blue , green , and red reflecting paint , then you 'll get brown . 
  this is because your red receptors are slightly more sensitive than your green ones , and your green ones slightly more sensitive than your blue ones . ), 
  freaking thank you , i knew there was somebody else concerned with the range of speech-like sounds producible by different animals . 
  for some reason neither the bioacoustics journals nor the phonetics journals ever bring up the subject . 
  great job on this thing . 
  do you have plans to do more animals ? 
  or at least do a spectrographic comparison of a simulation of your bird consonants with human consonants ? 
  man , this area is such an untapped goldmine . 
  maybe he is mexican and `` mushroom '' refers to sombreros ? 
  low tier 2 , if that . 
  it was 1-2 % presence in wotog and then during shamanstone it was pretty much gone . 
  but nothing in it translates to `` boobies '' ( and nothing in `` l\u00e9 v\u00f3nh '' translates to `` see '' ) for hungarian . 
  why ? 
  ( moot point , facebook uses bing translate unfortunately ), 
  before someone butts in to explain that that 's not how matrix multiplication works : we 're taking the kronecker product , not the matrix product . 
  ( we can also view it as the cartesian product of two sets of ingredients , but with the matrix formulation , we get to preserve ordering as well . ), 
  also \u015b and \u017a, 
  i 've figured it out : vietnamese !, 
  [ `` v\u00fa '' means `` breast '' in vietnamese . 
  ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/v%c3%ba ) interestingly enough , the term has both a scientific and a vulgar connotation ; like if `` breast '' and `` tit '' were combined into one word . 
  oh wow yeah \u0144 and \u0107 . 
  well , given that they 're all consonants , the guy who said `` hungarian '' had more of a point , but turns out bing translate thinks it 's vietnamese ( which is fair enough , but given that it does n't look like a mixture of latin script and a pile of ants , it 's not something a human would guess ) . 
  the interesting part in all of this is , how do you know this much oscan ? 
  both of the frames in that video are pretty great . 
  eh , to make him viable , hunter needs support cards that allow it to survive until it can draw and play the card , as well as not be behind on tempo too much when it starts to play the zombeasts . 
  after that , it 's basically jade druid 's endgame , but more flavorful . 
  the death knight itself does n't need much buffing . 
  but it feels weird complaining about just `` jade druid '' , which is what we 've been complaining about since msog . 
  the jades are n't even the biggest problem anymore . 
  those are generally useful cards . 
  you 're not making a sacrifice running them . 
  fair enough ; you use the same cards to support yogg and ui , but they support them in different ways . 
  thanks for letting me know ; was putting off playing the dlc . 
   come on . 
  you 're never comboing a 10 mana card with fandral . 
  fandral into double innervate is completely feasible , and would be a completely disgusting combo . 
  i have n't watched the series at all yet , but i am planning to . 
  this is now the second spoiler i 've absorbed through reddit ( the other one being hodor 's origin story ) . 
  well , paladin 's theme is `` army '' . 
  turns out murlocs make good soldiers .
