  -- every thread in paradox plaza ever, 
   but i do agree , the whole `` it is literally the most powerful synthesis of human thought ever assembled '' is ridiculous . 
  marx was important but not the end all be all for socialist thought . 
  saying you completely agree with marx on everything is like calling yourself a newtonist and denying general relativity . 
  i know what you mean , but this still comes off as ironic after you said that comparing it to qm is dumb . 
  maybe \u0259, 
  i wonder if a real whale would consider this insulting or amusing . 
  great job !, 
  many germanic languages :, 
  - german, 
  - colloquial english, 
  some languages have even weirder systems . 
  malay has no adjectives at all ; rather , just verbs meaning to be that adjective . 
  it does n't have adverbs much , either . 
  civ v certainly more simple than euiv , at least . 
  - diplomacy is way simpler : you can trade things , or you can declare war . 
  you do n't even need cb . 
  trade is simpler , too ; there 's no such thing as trade nodes or trade flow , just agreements you make with each other . 
  when dealing with city-states , it 's even simpler . 
  - conquest is also simpler : only one unit of each type ( of two types ) per hex , and you only need to capture ( sparse ) cities , not individual provinces . 
  you attack cities the same way you do other units . 
  you do get ranged units and planes , though , so that 's more complicated . 
  attrition is nearly nonexistent ; the only thing like it is that units that can go over mountains get a severe penalty if they end their turns on them . 
  you do n't have to core anything , just wait for them to stop being in rebellion , and maybe build a courthouse . 
  - colonization is way simpler : you just send settlers to found cities . 
  whether they can cross certain kinds of hexes may be limited by your tech , but if you have optics , you can theoretically colonize anywhere on the globe . 
  - the core resource system is ... different , but imo simpler . 
  in order to produce units and buildings , you only need production * or * money . 
  you do n't need monarch points or even manpower ; the only upper limit on how many units you can have in play at a time is how many hexes there are on the board . 
  granted , though , there * is * food , which i think is implemented better in civ than in eu . 
  culture , science , and great person points , though , do n't play very large roles . 
  - science and ideas are more complicated , although euiv 's volume of ideas and policies surpasses civ 's volume of policies and ideologies . 
  civ has an actual tech tree rather than a linear progression of technologies , although it ends up being roughly linear anyway . 
  you can only spend one kind of resource , science , on tech , though , rather than three kinds of monarch points , and only one kind of resource on ideas , culture . 
  - the stability system is simpler . 
  in civ you have just one resource behind it , happiness , which , while being affected by a large number of things like buildings and natural resources , is ultimately just a single number . 
  compare this to euiv 's stability , prestige , legitimacy , and a whole bunch of local revolt risk modifiers , not to mention overextension . 
  - speaking of which , civ does n't have a succession system at all . 
  - civ has a lot less variety between countries . 
  you get one or two bonuses and maybe a special unit . 
  euiv has historical starts , the holy roman empire , special events , national ideas , national decisions , missions , etc. 
  - speaking of which , civ does n't have events , although these do n't add much complexity to actually playing the game . 
  - civ has more complicated religion , though , if you count the papacy under `` variety '' rather than `` religion '' . 
  your missionaries are actual units , your cities have detailed compositions of different religions , and your religions have many specific bonuses . 
  the * choice * of religion , though , is mostly aesthetic . 
  but that 's alright . 
  i stopped playing civ v because the simplicity was boring . 
  just crank out units and conquer , if you 're playing on an easy difficulty . 
  try and find combinations of tech and culture that give you an edge early on , and * then * crank out units and conquer , if you 're playing on a hard difficulty . 
  euiv is more varied . 
  yeah sorry was gon na edit the post later today . 
  i 'll let you know when you can undelete it . 
  also not posting all the entries at once is a bad idea , since then the ones submitted earlier get more votes . 
  eh drove to the other side of the continent , then flew to the other side of the planet ; never far enough, 
  aka rationalize harder, 
  lol i went the other way . 
  drove from sf to ny and took the plane to germany, 
  i love everything except the head , which lacks enough definition imo . 
  it 's great !, 
  hair came out weird though , people 's faces normally are n't covered that much by their hair . 
  ah , the internet keeps accumulating pictures of this and they 're all brilliant . 
  sulphur is one of the best and bluest things to burn, 
  you 're joking but i sat in a pool of the stuff in transylvania and breathed it in for a good 20 minutes . 
  it was highly diluted and mostly carbon dioxide , though , which is a good thing because the locals 's way of testing what the level of the gas was ( which was kind of obvious anyway because stuff was hazy under it ) was lowering a lit flame until it went out . 
  alternatively `` are of no use '' , although that 's more like `` non prosunt '', 
  nope , possessive dative is used for flavor , not alienability . 
  ~ ~ ( interesting fact : we borrowed the mechanism wholesale for hungarian , but never picked up an actual verb for having , so dat + exist is the only way we can express possession as a verb clause . 
  well , technically `` birtokol '' is a verb for having , but it 's closer to saying `` have ownership of '' , in terms of connotation . 
  ) ~ ~ never mind . 
  see below for actual loans . 
  long term memory loss is worse imo . 
  i have very few memories of what have happened to me throughout my life . 
  well , maybe it 's not so bad . 
  if i could n't remember what i was doing , then i would n't be able to get anything done . 
  although i do n't get much done anyway . 
  oh , i thought it was a mistake, 
   currently , we 're in the process of tallying use in urban fiction as a way of getting at the frequency of use . 
  it 's exceptionally difficult to get a large enough sample of material to be able to tally use of these new pronouns compared to other pronouns . 
  if you try and compare to the frequency of `` i '' on twitter , for instance , you 're then comparing against all varieties of english , not just aave . 
  if you use some other word as a proxy for aave use ( hypothetically , tweets that contain the word nigga ) , you then have a number of other confounds , like potential bias in your data set , or in the case of using nigga possible lexical priming effects . 
  if you try and do sociolinguistic interviews , you get observer effects that bias the data . 
  fiction is a good way to get at what the author of a given novel perceives as natural , which we can then compare against other authors and other datasets ( eg , twitter ) . 
  the goal right now is simply to get a baseline for comparison so we can begin to home in on a plausible range we can later refine . 
  could you maybe build a list of accounts that speak aavl based on keywords ? 
  that 's kind of an infringement of privacy , though , and i 'm also not sure if you can get account names with twitter api . 
  `` scientists '' here , specifically a protein engineer . 
  we do n't necessarily , but water is very convenient for molecular machines like proteins and rna , because it has a very high [ dielectric constant ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/relative_permittivity ) , or as physicists ( i think ) like to call it , relative permittivity . 
  what this means is that it tends to neutralize charges at very short distances , which allows proteins and stuff to stay folded up and stable . 
  i 'd love it if there were life in , say , the methane lakes of titan , but any complex chain you stick in there will burst open like a spring from an opened ballpoint pen . 
  ( this would n't be so bad if the molecular machines in question were 2d or 3d in molecular structure rather than 1d \\* like ours , but those are far less likely to happen simply because of their complexity and reduced flexibility . ), 
  besides water , we could maybe look out for planets with ammonia , but those are already much less likely to have life . 
  methanol oceans if we ever find any are also a good starting point . 
  otherwise there 's not much . 
  :( notice literally everything above water on that list is an acid or a super rare titanate . 
  \\* our proteins have very complex 3d structure , but most molecular bonds are made along one chain only , hence what i mean as 1d . 
  they 've got hydrogen bonds , though , which can give them sheet-like characteristics , so they 're really more 1.5 d. 
  [ * belgium ] ( http://consumerist.com/2014/09/25/medieval-belgian-town-installing-a-beer-pipeline-because-wait-a-beer-pipeline/ ), 
  eh bayesian stuff is nice but i do n't think you 're going to go far with 140-character tweets . 
  ( in bioinformatics , bayesian analysis does n't even yield coherent results for me for 140 base pair sequences , although how it 's used is radically different . ), 
  and there 's a question of training the damn thing in the first place , although it 's probably not * too * huge a manual effort .
