  the point is character development and philosophy , not so much plot . 
  i also like to throw math and physics around , which takes a unique context in this work . 
  edit : also , to anyone wondering about the chapter titles : there will be a total of seven chapters , titled , sequentially , `` introduction '' , `` setup '' , `` experiment '' , `` methodology '' , `` results '' , `` discussion '' , and `` conclusion '' ; i tried to make them sound as generic as possible . 
  the toc page will , i swear , be the funniest page of the whole thing . 
  also i might start adding illustrations as well . 
  edit 2 : and if you see any typos , please let me know !, 
  the government is trying to * help * those people , though . 
  maybe only because we want it to , but it still counts . 
  whatever album `` eternity 's shylock '' came from probably is based entirely on u/u, 
  it 's been a thing for a while now !, 
  hah , yeah , that 's what i played as a substitute . 
  and now i have the whole thing memorized , note-for-note , especially from `` brokeback bowtier ( scratch 's lament ) '' . 
  thank you for the criticism !, 
  once nanowrimo is over , i 'll go back and edit . 
  right now , i 'm using it as an excuse to keep writing . 
  after i finish enough of it ( maybe the whole thing ??? 
  ) , i want to do a proper ( shorter ? ), 
   i think it would help to somehow identify it as a kind of running dialogue , like administrators literally do n't stop thinking at any point in time , or something . 
  how do i make this more obvious ? 
   i do n't quite understand either of the main characters ( i guess that 's the point , right ? ) . 
  what do you mean `` do n't understand '' ? 
  how the reader is supposed to feel towards the characters is amazement towards the terms on which he relates to them . 
  like , holy shit i only identify with this guy because we have * physics * in common . 
  it 's good that you perceived a level of removedness -- that 's supposed to happen !, 
  but the thing that 's important about them is what we have in common with them , not what we do n't . 
  what exactly ruined this for you ? 
  i 'm glad that you could devote so much time to my work ... ... ... 
  i am going to take this opportunity to plug / r/marinebiology . 
  we need more subscribers . 
  i have the entirety of homestuck saved on my computer as well , so i 'm willing to believe # 3 . 
  that is incredibly good and i 'm proud of myself, 
   `` in the eternity of the time i had available , my thoughts flickered between the subject i put in front of them and their natural inclination to everywhere and all times '', 
  i think i 'll be more blatant and have him complain about it . 
  he complains about a lot of things , especially the game , so i doubt that he 'd miss the opportunity to complain abuot this . 
  to your edit : that was the general idea i was going for . 
  i wanted to make him more affected , but that would have been at the expense of developing the plot . 
  in chapter 1 i wanted to focus on developing his character and really defining the guy to the reader , but in chapter 2 i wanted to make him actually * do * something , you know what i mean ? 
  i was interested in the challenge of coming up with english 's universe , and i guess i was n't patient enough with the other stuff . 
  i already felt like i spent too much time on him getting his ass off the ground . 
  i thought it would be as boring to the reader as it was to me -- oh look , he 's wallowing in the fucking dirt , getting all this damn tar all over himself , big deal , right ? 
  i did n't think it would be * interesting . 
  * but if the reader notices that it was rushed , then i should definitely develop it more . 
  thank you for alerting me to this problem . 
  i know , right ? 
  my future is in biomedical engineering , but in the meantime i 've gotten myself invovled fuck deep in marine biology since i was like 2 years ( my country has no ocean borders ) , and i 'm always surprised at the amount of people that i meet with the same aspirations . 
  and then i 'm surprised at the amount of people who * do n't know * about this subreddit !, 
  which is why i try to promote it at any opportunity . 
  it 's nanowrimo this month , which means i 'll write another 50,000 words at least . 
  tall order , but still . 
  thank you for the kind words ; they mean a lot to me !, 
  ohhhhh !, 
  well , you ca n't blame me . 
  whoa , cool . 
  how would objects act around it ? 
  come on , people , do n't downvote wrong answers . 
  that will only make people less inclined to reply in the future , for fear of being wrong . 
  yet . 
  flashes often include pieces before they are released in albums ; see [ s ] jane : enter for the second most recent example . 
  wow , that really was superb . 
  thank you for showing !, 
  of course . 
  i was talking in terms of things that actually happen , not things that occur in our friend 's mind . 
  i pulled it off in chapter 1 , though , so i guess it 's reasonable to assume that i could do it in chapter 2 as well . 
  in our hearts . 
  hmm , it seems already edging towards being somewhat sexually-oriented . 
  two out of the three comments on the most recent submission are focusing on the sexual characteristics of his body . 
  the spanish civil war . 
  although , the game would be poorly balanced as far as i see it . 
  for heavier artillery , one side has tanks and planes , and then the other has ... what , mobilized machine guns ? 
  firebombs ? 
  ah , yes , christwire , my favorite source of satire . 
  this is a repost -- i submitted it myself !, 
  but it was reposted before that , too , so why not ? 
  it 's not . 
  christwire is known for satire . 
  oblate sphere . 
  what 's the significance of planck mass ? 
   dudes never get that kind of attention, 
  neil degrasse tyson ? 
  carl sagan ? 
  barack obama ? 
  but that 's not the point !, 
  no one is saying that it was strictly the majority of reddit that defended jailbait . 
  the point is that it * did * happen , and it was a huge deal , and that the top comments were defending it . 
  infer what you will . 
  but what if there 's always an impending thing you could be doing instead of being unproductive ? 
  like working on your thesis or something ? 
  wow , there was a fan-design for rogue floating around that looked the same ( mask and all ) , and most people , including me , dismissed it as distasteful . 
  well !, 
  also , anyone see god-tier meulin or sollux in there ? 
  they might have just hid them . 
  but it 's an interesting correlation . 
  huh ? 
  why `` thank you hussie '' ? 
  i support this very much . 
  it probably should also accompany a designation that makes a thread never go out of date ( i.e. 
  you 'll be able to post to all comments in it forever ) . 
  pretty powerful , but i 'd make it enableable on a sub-by-sub basis . 
  do you live in the deep west ? 
  i feel for you , man .
