  sort of . 
  you can be as oblivious as you like to most of inorganic chemistry as a biologist . 
  the potassium and calcium ions do n't form any crystals or compounds , and they are transported by proteins anyway . 
  edit : actually , you can find massive amounts of calcium in hydroxyapatite , which is what bones and teeth are made of . 
  besides that , though , no compounds ; always a solute . 
  they 're generally used for signaling . 
  their chemical properties themselves are usually not important , except for the role of sodium in regulating the body 's water content , and the fact that your bones and teeth are partially calcium ( they 're made of the mineral [ hydroxyapatite ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydroxyapatite ) ) . 
  potassium i ca n't think of a use for besides signalling . 
  edit : oh , actually potassium regulates water in the brain , the same way that sodium regulates water in the rest of the body . 
  @paragraph 6 : huh , i would have just used burrows . 
  it 's nice to know there 's a built-in feature . 
  yup . 
  actually , calcium deficiency will lead to subpar blood clotting , but i 'm not sure how . 
  i am talking about inorganic chemistry specifically . 
  it is true , definitely , though , that toxicology does require an understanding of that . 
  but the rest of the things you cited are biochemistry and protein chemistry , which deal mainly with organic molecules ( aside from the occasional metalloprotein ) . 
  i had to grade a bunch of papers from an intro biology course i 'm teaching . 
  omg , david baker is the guy who made foldit !, 
  ( are the foldit championships the competition you 're thinking of ? ), 
  yes , this is a funny satire of that poster . 
  if i were you , it would have gone like this :, 
  `` woah dude , that 's some pretty cool pants . 
  i 've never seen anything like them . '', 
  `` they 're [ explanation of origin ] . '', 
  ( i did n't understand any of that ), 
  `` cool !, 
  can i take a picture ? '', 
  `` sure , why not ? '', 
  later , on reddit :, 
  `` look at this person 's lack of fashion sense ! '', 
  good comic otherwise though . 
  yeah , i thought it was a pop song !, 
  kylie minogue ? 
  what episode is this ? 
  `` waters of mars '' ? 
  yes , those solutions were responsible for teaching me differentiation and integration . 
  i 'm sad that they are now pay-to-view . 
  also , portuguese has the brazilian flag . 
  really , it 's okay . 
  wikipedia has that , i think . 
  i immediately made the aids connection as a kid , and now i think i was stupid for overthinking it . 
  welcome to analyzing literature, 
  huh . 
  # 1 has 1114 points , and 163 comments . 
  # 2 has a little under 1/4 as many points , at 261 points , and nearly 100 more comments . 
  my guess is some sort of slap fight ? 
  edit : oh god i was right , now i wish i was n't . 
   all by yourself, 
  there 's like fifty of him , it 'll be fine . 
  also he 's just bringing jade back , not taking them down . 
  you have never heard of 4chan ? 
  i will wait until april . 
  oh right , i forgot he had time traveler 's block . 
  eh i 'm sure he 'll be fine , he got over hero 's block at least . 
  is that emoticon an analogue of :p and :p , or is it an analogue of d : ? 
  are you sure ? 
  the rocket is modeled using spring physics ; is there any reason why that would n't be true for using struts ? 
  if struts * are * an exception , then i certainly have n't received any computational benefit . 
  they associate with syria . 
  they 're probably not syrian . 
  shitty ? 
  more like * awesome . 
  * seriously , between the thinkpad , model m , projector , handmade desk , and cooling pad , this thing deserves much more than `` shitty '' . 
  good , let 's keep it that way . 
  i hate it when op makes one tiny mistake and the thread is about nothing but the mistake . 
  holy shit can i have one ? 
  are makerspaces like hackerspaces but different ? 
  really ? 
  i hate distributing multiplication over added terms . 
  i 'd use the product rule , no question . 
  great , now i know jesse kills someone . 
  ( i have only watched s1 . ), 
  although , that was probably inevitable . 
  seriously , what is the story behind your sealand flair ? 
  where do you actually live ? 
  ^ ( probably usa ), 
  i know dumbledore is a harry potter character , but that part of the spoiler , at least , is true : he * does * get murdered . 
  i assume the bb part is true , too . 
  i was n't being sarcastic at all , except for the fact that when i said `` great '' , i was being sarcastic and actually meaning `` god damn it '' , except much less so . 
  that is the most innocent explanation for / r/spacedicks that i can think of !, 
  can anyone beat it ? 
  happy birthday !, 
  we 're all toroids . 
   makes you think, 
  if i tried to think about everything metaphorically , i 'd have no time left to think about other stuff . 
  i wonder how many snails get run over by trains daily . 
   stratford jokes that after she retires , she is going to do whatever she wants to . 
  her plans are to be outside for the whole summer , and to be in her new swimming pool , spend more time with her nine grandchildren , volunteer her time in the community and `` jim might even get a home cooked meal once in a while , '' she said with a smile . 
  her plans also include planning to travel once jim retires . 
  the couple hopes to travel to europe and china . 
   jokes, 
  the word `` satire '' in the submission link has quotes on it for a reason . 
  thank you !, 
  that would be lovely . 
  i 'd probably throw at most $ 40 at one . 
  mun 's gravity well is very shallow . 
  i mean , it 's nothing to sneeze at , since you ca n't escape it by jetpack , but if you have a small craft and a third of a tank of fuel left , you 're in the clear . 
  why in kod 's name would anybody send * three * astronauts up at once for a rescue mission ? 
  holy shit !, 
  antennae being useful for something !,
