  rather than even which ones are * better * at gaming , at least essentially all people acknowledge that pcs can do gaming !, 
  guilty until proven innocent ? 
  wget - r - l 0 http://www.reddit.com/r/spaceclop, 
  so then if i 'm not running my planet all the time , how many gigs would i idle at ? 
  sign me up as well !, 
  the gif is made from the video . 
  and , for the sake of pc vs. 
  console , one can also make the argument that they could have better games , gameplay-wise . 
  ( not that i agree with this view ), 
  ... and the other is op . 
  so , essentially no meaningful content here . 
  including these two comments . 
  [ indeed , my screen at the moment . 
  edit : holy hell where 'd all you upvoters come from ? 
  this thread has to be at least a month old !, 
  i 'm not sure whether you understand the joke ? 
  takes the entire website . 
  well , for me too , but i have to try really hard to notice it . 
  ** downvote !, 
  fucking res tagging posts !, 
  middle one looks like existing uranium ore ( for industrialcraft of course ) , and would n't be colorblind-friendly . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about that last one . 
  my favorite part is his glasses . 
  eridan handmaid is by far the creepiest one . 
  also the most goddamn hilarious . 
  this is brilliant . 
  i can totally imagine him mashing away at his keyboard , with this big insidious smirk on his face . 
  draw it . 
  that 's what ads do . 
  they take words from the page , and display relevant advertisements . 
  especially with an algorithm as good as google ads ' . 
  ( is that what they use ? ), 
  you 've found nothing . 
  also , i do n't really get the one about giving a fuck . 
  it 's actually useful if it 's for a keyboard , because then you can use a usb keyboard for bios . 
  but unless this guy has some reason to want a mouse before the bootloader kicks in ... what an idiot . 
  humor is based on irony , which is essentially unexpectedness . 
  relevant ads that are specifically programmed to be relevant are not unexpected , and therefore not funny . 
  that said , i think the reason people will downvote is that they think you are stupid for thinking that this is unexpected . 
  no , i 'm not saying that it should be removed . 
  in fact , i have n't downvoted , myself . 
  i 'm just providing rationale for disliking this post . 
  having designed a bunch of worlds , all of them much different from the canon ones , i think i 'd still use the one that 's the most obvious ripoff of the land of heat and clockwork ( in fact i can not think of a satisfactory name for it ; i call it the land of structure and fusion ) :, 
  a molten iron sea forms the base . 
  hardly does one see any land , but for the obsidian spires jutting out in harsh shapes from the bedrock . 
  hanging pewter mesh platforms instead make up the traversable ground , lined with all sorts of pig iron castings and suspended from ever higher such platforms by thin steel wire . 
  flimsy bridges connect everything , their design echoing rope bridges , with the addition of thin-pressed , dented and textured sheets of iron for the floor . 
  rusted girders run diagonally between everything , always forming some pattern that upon closer observation reveals itself to be utter gibberish . 
  gigantic , floating buildings abound ; they always include stained iron inlets and outlets , the white-hot products of one building flowing into the next , the streams sometimes guided by thin half-chutes that can go on for imperceptibly long distances . 
  some such structures are rusted , ancient , mammoth supercomputers , others elaborately etched shrines of gargantuan proportions , still others spatial systems of thousands upon thousands of cluttered , unused , darkly-lit rooms that in another world could serve the purpose of office space . 
  there exist large complexes of such buildings on roughly the same horizontal plane , large , gray cement areas between them . 
  huge , industrial elevators are often employed to cross vertically from one to the next , great rising platforms with metal floors embossed with the sort of texture commonly found on the floors of factories . 
  these structures connect and intertwine to form three-dimensional cities and outposts , churning with metallic magma like clockwork , woven together by an orderly mass of girders , bridges , and platforms . 
  the whole array is miles deep , and spans the surface of an entire planet . 
  although the magma ocean itself is at the very bottom , collecting pools for molten metal are part of the building structures , sometimes thousands of kilometers in breadth . 
  these pools tend to slowly rotate , their radially-spaced magma channels heedlessly flowing into empty air when not oriented to their corresponding receptors , dripping all over some of the small bridges and making certain platforms inaccessible . 
  it is a world of turmoil , of confusion , of heat , of industry . 
  it takes one 's all not to succumb to the immense temperature . 
  you have work to do . 
  oh , and , uh , seer of time . 
  oh , please do !, 
  seems to me as well . 
  name of it ? 
  i upvote compulsively . 
  if i 'm not too otherwise lazy , it takes all my willpower not to upvote . 
  even if i downvote someone , i still feel the irrational urge . 
  just ... wtf ? 
  as a new user , you must install [ this ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite . 
  ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) [ reddit enhancement suite !, 
  ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) it enhances reddit . 
  you 'll like it . 
  educate me . 
  what does a `` karma party '' entail ? 
  ... what ? 
  are you sure you meant to reply to me ? 
  `` as a new user '' meant that * you * are the new user . 
  lol , this is great !, 
  basically exactly what i imagined !, 
  you 're a really cool artist , heh . 
  oh but tweens ? 
  really ? 
  eh , who cares . 
  yes !, 
  this !, 
  i am in alienblue . 
  i know , i know . 
  that 's 276 [ haa ] ( / uu ) 's , for those wondering . 
  and nooooo uu, 
  i think it 's definitely dd 's red miles . 
  question is , did it get here , or is dirk seeing it because his dreamself is seeing it ? 
  was n't me !, 
  ... and i could still imagine him like that . 
  sorry , i came up with the title . 
  :d i 'm not very good at them ; i jsut wanted something concise , and did n't really have a good description that fit the whole thing . 
  for teh jewuice, 
  that 's strange . 
  all i 'm getting is ham . 
  oh , it gets better . 
  read on .
