  people dropped writing utensils so much , i gathered and sold them for a quarter per pencil , and a dollar per pen . 
  i made enough to replace my computer 's graphics card . 
  is a `` like '' like an upvote ? 
  but they 're so * immobile * . 
  they rarely do what we want them to at all , and the rate of dissatisfaction just increases as you move further up the rungs . 
  congress takes months and months to churn out a decision , and if you want to make a real change then you 're almost certainly going to get shut down . 
  without adaptability , we can not carry on much longer . 
  fan theorizing at its best, 
  i had to check the subreddit for this one ... at first i assumed it came from / r/programming . 
  i believe that the sufferer cufflinks exist not because they have some weird undead connection to karkat ( although i do believe they are dead ) , but that they are part of a team * led * by karkat 's beta ancestor , and wear his insignia for that reason . 
  they remain constant throughout scratched sessions i guess . 
  although that did n't happen this time around ... 
  i got a gigantic surplus from my math teacher , gathered together over the twenty-some years he and his wife had been at the school : i gigantic ziplock bag filled with some three hundred-odd pencils and pens of all different kinds . 
  a large portion of it still remains . 
  gold , gold , gold , gold , and gold . 
  and chalk . 
  no way he could have done that with pstitoisns . 
  i leik hiw it hazs faeces, 
  how could you waste that much fuel ? 
  every single school of mine has had a cemetery ... 
  i 've seen it . 
  still does n't make sense ... 
  but then it wo n't work with that other mod that makes large chunks of the world have unique ores ... 
  mostly because they were old or a church . 
  successful troll is successful . 
  more like , has been masturbating for ten years . 
  eventually , it 's possible to fap to anythign . 
  @_ @ anythign i tell you !, 
  holy shit i 'm glad i did n't read any of that . 
  edit : and now i did , and regret it a million times over . 
  what in the name of holy jesus christ is up with you . 
  that 's so awesome for both of you ... must be really cool to get to know df as arising from such a manner . 
  smiting indiscriminately ? 
   and at the bottom of said cliff is a pit full of monstrous , demonic clowns . 
  ftfy, 
  i want to think so badly that i 'm ( we 're ) superior in some aspect to gamers who do not play dwarf fortress , but i just ca n't let myself fall into that mode of thought . 
  elitism is fraught with menacing spikes of arrogance , smugness , and haughtiness , which do not do your cognitive flow any good , but instead poison it , lending your opinions to error and bias , rightfully perceived in social circles as a negative trait that others would rather disassociate themselves with , generating dislike of the bearer of those emotions . 
  we are not above other gamers . 
  we are different . 
  we expect different things , tolerate different things , and are satisfied by different things . 
  whether each such set of objects can be evaluated as `` better '' or `` worse '' than other variants of itself , containing different items , the grouping of which may affect its connotation , is not a subject that i am qualified to give definite propositions on . 
  no one is qualified such , really . 
  and so we remain equals . 
  oh no no we 're not going down that road . 
  last time i tried installing * that * library , it was not pretty at all . 
  now my commands folder is messed up and i ca n't use any commands from it at all . 
  d : i swear , i did everything right !, 
  macports installing it for me and everything . 
  it had to chew through like nine hours of dependencies , some of which were awesome ( like ncurses !, 
  yay ascii gaming ) , but i thought it 'd be worth it in the end . 
  how the hell do you grow enough sweet pods for that ? 
  why does this exist, 
  view ` n !, 
  i believe plump helmets produce * ale * , not beer . 
  i just buy out the caravan all the time . 
  i focus my desirability on iron , which does n't exist in the area , but it 's made up for in all of this fucking gold there is around here . 
  i have a big pile of over 100 * legendary * acacia crossbows that i have n't gotten rid of yet , all from a derptastic accident in which i left my bowyer 's shop on repeat for too long . 
  it depleted my entire stock of wood . 
  too bad i ca n't sell 'em to elves . 
  those caravans i just raid , anyway , with a bunch of cheap manually-activated traps ( spike floor and such ; i have a few drawbridges , for archers unlucky enough to step on such tiles ; atomizing them saves me the trouble of having to pick up all their damn instruments ) . 
  oh right , thanks, 
  okay then , wine, 
  no , no , no , we 're not going down that road . 
  these are spatial dimensions as removed from physics . 
  it 's basically the same as 3d path finding . 
  maybe i 'm confusing it with something else ? 
  his son . 
  it would indeed be angular , by simple vector addition !, 
  the magnitude is , of course , constant , but you are correct in that the direction trends to be more and more 4d . 
  and , yeah , it 's not necessary to have 4d gravity , but think of all the fun that we can have from this !, 
  it also makes path finding much simpler ; if there is nothing keeping stuff on their own stack , then there 's immediately two more connections per tile than if we have to build 4d stairs . 
  and if you embark near an evil biome , the fauna from there will start entering your joyous biome ... 
  i 'd like to keep 4d gravity for ease and novelty . 
  but that 's a fourth temporal dimension . 
  i 'm talking about a fourth spatial dimension , which is quite a bit more boring than that !, 
  but you 're correct in that it 's then technically 5d . 
  it 's just an extra connection on a few nodes ... plus liquid physics . 
  it does n't . 
  it makes it more interesting , though !, 
  which is i guess more fun as well . 
  no no no , a fourth * spatial * dimension . 
  time is out of my control . 
  yeah , but then path finding becomes horrendous . 
  oh , no , i 'm thinking 20 at most . 
  hahah , you 're right about that . 
  i think one could just have extra marquees for those . 
  otherwise all the water would end up on the home stack . 
  nope . 
  michael szegedy . 
  ( do n't google me : i made a linkedin account before i knew what it was for , and my facebook is a bunch of lies that i never use ), 
  nope . 
  there 's multiple michael szegedies on facebook though . 
  then explain how they make perpetual motion machines . 
  indeed . 
  :( well , i would n't be so sure about those raws , but yeah ... 
  no , there are !, 
  just not everywhere . 
  like , it would n't make sense for every other z-level to be completely solid . 
  same for w-levels . 
  and one of the reasons you can traverse four dimensions is that you can swing picks at right angles to reality .
