  this is actually really cool . 
  what if we were to treat robots as equals ? 
  it is literally like one of those homestuck world generators !, 
  except much , much more sophisticated . 
  right now , it prints a textual description , but next thing i 'm gon na do is hook it up to a perlin noise generator that i made , make a few fancy modifications , and make a full-blown detailed game world generator . 
  and then * that 's * getting made part of a sburb roguelike . 
  but that is only a maybe . 
  i got quite a few good answers here , now . 
  there 's certainly enough for the generator in this thread . 
  not just john/karkat , but also gamzee/karkat ( who also wields the hammer of zillyhoo ) . 
  well , * you 're * ugly . 
  it 's the combination of both . 
  she can see things that have to do with mind . 
  dirk is born of jake 's mind . 
  she can see him . 
  poor meenah !, 
  this is all kind of embarrassing , how much she is getting beaten up . 
  yes , make yourself as powerful as possible , hmm ? 
  nah , he just wants to prove one thing to you . 
  it 's not a sin to gather evidence . 
  great art though !, 
  i like how similar his face is to karkat 's , yet subtly different enough for him to be a different person . 
  ~ ~ on the note of constructive criticism : the seams of that cloak do n't really match up and it 's more like a hood on a ~ ~ no wait hussie drew him that way too . 
  huh . 
  allow me . 
  yeah , but what better place to get a large amount of people behind something than a default subreddit ? 
  this way , tons of people see it and some of them participate in the poll . 
  more than would if you posted it to / r/lgbt . 
  i 'm a christian ( which is how i came across it the first place , in / r/christianity ) , and i have to tell you that not every single christian holds these ideologies , unfortunately . 
  we 're not quite there yet . 
  if anything , there 's always the westboro baptist church . 
  christian and hateful . 
  you 're welcome . 
  [ ( i gave it a title that i thought / r/atheism would find appropriate ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/uhcwe/all_christians_should_be_like_this_xpost_from/ ), 
  heh , never promised , but i could n't miss out on an opportunity to show / r/atheism that not every christian is to be hated !, 
  ( or any of them actually , but i mean that not every one of them are ... bad ), 
  why would they follow the literal word of god ? 
  the operative word was `` literal '' . 
  not as in `` literally the word of god '' , but as in `` literally what god * meant * . '', 
  i do n't think it was his intention for us to discriminate against people who are n't hetero - and cissexual . 
  and the expression that vriska made when she watched the nic cage video . 
  that was the one i thought of first . 
  people here still tend to act like it . 
  ( and no not every fucking / r/atheism subscriber , there 's like 800,000 of you of course not everyone is going to be like that ) i just wish the general negativity would go away . 
  although , religion mostly only spends its money to perpetuate itself . 
  or impose its views on others , but it should n't be doing that . 
  yes i 'd definitely like an award for posting this . 
  do you have the misguided soul award in a4 ? 
  did you intend the double negative here ? 
  how did you check ? 
  surely you 're not redditing from there ... ? 
  how many of them do you think actually * think * that they 're lies ? 
  i 'd stop preaching it as fast as possible if i found out that it was lies . 
  on second thought , why prince of rage ? 
  he * created * rage , not destroyed it . 
  actually , he spent a bunch of his time post-scratch creating large amounts of rage in large amounts of people , while sitting on his ass . 
  so , my understanding is that heirs create their aspect , like how john created wind . 
  so i think he 's whatever the passive of heirs is . 
  last time i listed the classes and aspects , it came out to be page . 
  sooo ... 
  page of rage . 
  smooth . 
  could someone please find a better passive for heir ? 
  before i switched them up , i had mage ( but everyone wanted it to be the counterpart of witch so i made it that ) . 
  so , uh , mage of rage . 
  any takers ? 
  no i need a4 , this will not do as i do n't own a receipt printer . 
  could you maybe reformat it so that it fits on a paper with a 1 : \u221a 2 aspect ratio ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  hey reddit , i am being oppressed because this user is insinuating that i will be very immature about the attestations of theistic malice that he showed me . 
  i am clearly a victim here ; i simply can not stand his pretentious attitude and arrogant assumptions about my character . 
  the sheer amount of evidence against theism that he has amassed and is assuming that i will react to is simply unacceptable . 
  could you please serve as an outlet for my frustration about how offended i am because of the mean things that this person thinks about me ? 
  maybe if it 's not too much trouble , even downvote him for me . 
  thanks . 
  oh and dude you might want to check out [ this place ] ( / r/antitheism ) . 
  i 'm on it . 
  got the classes and aspects :, 
  zeus : knight of breath, 
  poseidon : heir of sea, 
  dionysius : rogue of time, 
  apollo : bard of light, 
  artemis : maid of void, 
  hermes : thief of space, 
  athena : sylph of mind, 
  ares : mage of rage, 
  aphrodite : witch of heart, 
  hephaestus : smith of blood, 
  demeter : seer of life, 
  hades : prince of doom, 
  wait , i 've arrived at a conundrum : should i write it in the language that they speak , ancient greek , or english ? 
  english is more accessible , but less authentic and maybe less fun . 
  ancient greek would be really fun to do but there 's maybe three other people in the world who it would possibly interest . 
  what do you think ? 
  dammit jake , i wanted you to converse with dave and rose !, 
  :'( but there 's still hope with dirk ... 
  literally everything i have written down about it so far :, 
  so , a session between the olympian gods . 
  it 's set in an alternate future where rome never happened , and ancient greek culture was allowed to flourish and quickly dominated the world once they invented guns . 
  it is now post-crystal spires and togas era , and the planet is pretty much starting to fall into ruin as everyone leaves for new opportunities in the rest of the solar system .
