  hmm , i do n't really buy into this , despite the overwhelming evidence . 
  everything can be explained somehow otherwise . 
  but hmm . 
  what do you prefer we add ? 
  the huge numbers of global climate change deniers ? 
  just wondering : do you believe this ? 
  from what i can read sans a subscription , this is pretty awesome and totally the right thing to do . 
  `` heard about the internet '' is a phrase that always makes me smile ... 
  it only converts to minecraft alpha map format . 
  hooray !, 
  have been wanting to install , but wanted to wait for new release . 
  and here it is !, 
  i think i 'll wait a bit more for the bug fixing updates , though . 
  i 've never met anyone who did n't have an opinion on the subject ... although i 'm sure there are such people . 
  are they in the picture ? 
  i believe that it is true to a significant degree . 
  i 'm just curious . 
  huh . 
  i must go back and check . 
  totally missed that . 
  ostensibly , it actually contains more elements of jack : rise up. , but i 'd say it 's really basically a fifty-fifty mix between the two , with a kickass strider thrown in . 
  with a more elongated face . 
  this . 
  just the day before , i was listening to the strife album , thinking , `` welp , this is never gon na be part of the comics . 
  it 's just here so that we have cool badass versions of strife music for the kids . '', 
  and now this !, 
  how many layers of irony could a strider bear if a strider could bear layers ? 
  relevant album picture is suddenly relevant . 
  relevant username is relevant ? 
  samefag means that two posters who could be different people and perhaps actively make it seem so ( replying to each other and whatnot ) are in fact the same person . 
  this is common enough where anonymous posts are allowed , and thus all anonymous posts could theoretically be the same person , but here there is the unique case of this reddit poster equaling that 4chan poster . 
  newfag is , i guess , a noob to 4chan ? 
  i 'm not sure on that one , either . 
  yes . 
  more than half my migrants are children . 
  migrants : now 200 % less useful !, 
  monitors are a kind of lizard ; it 's not necessarily related to that specific one . 
  ( disclaimer : i do n't know what makes them much different from other lizards . 
  what i 've noticed is that they tend to have flabby throats and live in hot places . ), 
  what 's that last picture of ? 
  it kinda looks like a stamp collection . 
  ( not just latin . 
  lots of languages have an ablative case , which is misnamed in latin because it by definition applies the property of moving away from something to a noun -- like our preposition `` from '' . 
  my native language , hungarian , also has an ablative case , and a real one at that , unlike latin 's oblique case . 
  hungarian tends to substitute cases for prepositions , so it also has an allative , a sociative , an instrumental , a superessive , a superlative ( which works like latin 's ablative sometimes ) , a terminative , a temporal , an adessive , an inessive , an illative , a perlative , a causal-final ... the list goes on , and also includes the standard nominative , dative , genitive , and accusative . 
  sorry for slight offtopic , but i like to see mouths drop when i tell people the amount of cases in hungarian . 
  will they die from the impact if i drop them high enough ? 
  i 've heard their skulls are pretty durable ... 
  ahh . 
  i 've always pictured those in monochrome . 
  hungarian 's agglutinative rather than fusional like latin , and has no genders or declensions . 
  so you just stick on the appropriate ending . 
  :d and yeah , yay for clarity ... although hungarian still has the causative ablative , essive perlative , distributive perlative , locative superlative , sociative instrumental , and locative superessive . 
  plus a few other things i ca n't quite remember . 
  but yeah , it 's much more sane than latin 's fifty uses for the ablative . 
  oh , and most prepositions take the nominative ( unless they take the superlative ) , and adjectives do n't decline ( but cardinal numbers will always describe a singular noun ) . 
  i do like it !, 
  way better than anything i could draw for a start , and quite decent at that !, 
  just , ah , i want to make sure that i 'm not stupid ... this is drawn in perspective , right ? 
  you 're welcome !, 
  :d i just took the picture so that i could look at it for myself , because i was frustrated that it was only up there for less than a second ... it turned out really well , and after some gazing i was like , `` hmm , maybe the guys on reddit could appreciate this ! '', 
  no idea it 'd become this popular . 
  i really want the cavern path finding bug fixed ... although i know that this has been an issue for several years . 
  also , i have to restart my fortress ? 
  mist and xylophones ? 
  is it possible for it to rain troll blood ? 
  how about ichor ? 
  there 's been osx versions ? 
  aw fuck , now this ca n't be played in the bug fix update . 
  it 's just very hot . 
  i 'll bet it menaces with spikes of wool . 
  no , minecraft , i think . 
  but it 's hard to tell from such a distance . 
  am\u0101 * bant * perhaps ? 
  i 've always felt less comfortable with the b-building format for it than a d-designation , but i realize that it 's better this way because i can q-query it . 
  i always mix up writing the ipa character \\* retroflex lateral approximant * ( an upside-down y ) and a lambda . 
  it happens . 
  it happened over a ( long ) period of time ? 
  designations are something that changes one `` natural '' tile into another `` natural '' tile , that is , something that ca n't be queried and is more or less inherent in the landscape itself . 
  it carves it , if you will . 
  buildings are constructions that require materials and can be queried , in the manner of a mobile object ( unlike a stationary designated tile ) . 
  zones are areas that can be defined to be used for a certain purpose by your dwarves . 
  what makes them different from designations is queryability and not actually changing the tiles , and what makes them different from buildings is not taking up any tile space at all . 
  ( i 've replied to your comment , check above ), 
  i just did n't know whether you knew or not . 
  aww , come on , let us have our fun ... wait , bad wording . 
  it seems that dwarves never have any willpower . 
  has anyone found it otherwise ? 
  yeah , this was in an earlier thread , with the weird bottom-level caves . 
  there was a link to a fortress-level save that had a magma sea in the sky ... 
  about a half-hour lag . 
  i think we were all pretty much struck by this image when it flashed on momentarily as really awesome . 
  i wanted to look at it as long as i wanted , so i snapped a screenshot . 
  i really had no intention of submitting it until the last moment . 
  oh , no , i 'm not with them either . 
  really , i do n't think you could find one in a million who is . 
  i just read this and thought , hmm , why do these assholes have so much more luck than the boatmurdered players ? 
  i should submit this to / r/dwarffortress and see what they think . 
  i fucked up the title pretty bad , though . 
  ( also on no grounds are you a horrible person ; it just means you have a fuckin ' soul ),
