  consequently , is n't there a universe where our experiments on individual photons came out like they would have if the particles had been discrete billiard-balls , just because the experimenters had ended up in the world where the particles anomalously transitioned to that particular amplitude , however low its relative modulus squared is ? 
  and the particles kept behaving like that , out of pure chance , etc. 
  i mean , it 's altogether really unlikely , but many-worlds says that even the unlikeliest combinations exist , right ? 
  because she 's so nice to everyone , she * has * to be evil !, 
  it 's the only logical conclusion !, 
  tipping . 
  ** edit : a fast way to potentially resolve this issue would be for someone with windows 7 to send me their windows folder . 
  if you do n't feel like reading on , could you please at least do that ? 
  my ( grandfather 's ) computer ( windows 7 , intel core i5 , some sort of sony vaio ) has been having a weird problem with the power configuration of his computer . 
  every time the computer turns on , it has full brightness until the trackpad is touched , at which point the brightness goes down to the lowest possible level . 
  fn-f6 , which is supposed to manually increase the brightness , does not work . 
  additionally , two error messages appear , one of them a callout from the taskbar that reads something to the effect of ( translated from hungarian ) , `` windows could not connect to a service : the service that could not be connected to was ` group policy settings ' [ etc. 
  ] '' , and the other a straight-up box in the middle of the screen saying that some sort of application failed to initialize , with only a long , detailed , incomprehensible error message to show for itself . 
  it 's possible to turn the brightness back up sometimes , by navigating to control panel = =  hardware & sound = =  screen [ or is it `` monitor '' ? 
  i 'm translating from hungarian ] = =  [ to the left ] brightness settings , and using the slider at the bottom of the window , but this only lasts as long as the computer is turned on , and sometimes it wo n't let me access that pane , hanging when i click `` brightness settings '' in the sidebar in the screen settings . 
  then i have to use task manager to close the window and try again , and it usually either consistently lets me access that pane or consistently does n't . 
  that pane also contains the `` power schemes '' to use for the computer , and i have tried editing the settings for each scheme , but they all return the error message that windows could not find/read the data for those schemes . 
  i think that the lack of that data is causing the problem with the brightness , the computer defaulting to some sort of weird scheme that uses full brightness at startup and then uses minimum brightness . 
  no matter how long i leave the computer on without touching it , it wo n't sleep or return to full brightness . 
  to resolve this issue , i have tried creating a new account , which i thought might `` regenerate '' the files . 
  however , the new account exhibits the same problems , indicating that the power settings must be stored in a shared directory ( probably somewhere under `` windows '' ) . 
  i have also tried creating a new power scheme from that pane , but a new power scheme would need one of the three as a base , and it was n't able to create a new one , because it could n't use any of the three as a base . 
  lastly , i tried using the command line interface to open [ powercfg ] ( http://preview.tinyurl.com/c722sb5 ) , through which i tried listing the existing power schemes ( all of which appeared to be intact ) , and through which i created an additional copy of the `` balanced '' power scheme to see whether using it might resolve the issue . 
  it did not resolve the issue . 
  could you please offer some sort of solution ? 
  maybe you could send me the relevant files from a computer that does not have this problem , and i could copy them to the computer that does n't work . 
  [ ] ( / tryingsomething ), 
  i personally did n't get anything for myself , but i got the brand-name modular size no . 
  2 euclidean ion sink for a friend !, 
  how can an object with a constant momentum , outside of a gravitational field so we ca n't measure its weight , have energy ? 
  i mean , * f * = * m ** a * , and * a * appears to be zero here . 
  what sort of force is this bastard going to exert if it hits something ? 
  so , if i can get a photon up to 1.023 mev ( twice the rest energy of an electron ) and aim it at a nucleus , it 'll turn into an electron/positron pair . 
  that light would have to have a frequency of 1.212 pm , which is obviously simultaneously completely bananas and through the roof . 
  but if i can find a device that outputs a low enough amount of photons per second , it 's still feasible to power normally , since each individual photon still only consumes about 5 trillionths of a joule . 
  what is the cheapest way to build or acquire such a device ? 
  i 'm content with * any * appreciable number of positrons at all ; if i had a one watt laser that could give me 5 trillion photons per second ( only a relative few of which would strike nuclei , about 76 million , which is still only a little more than two quadrillionths of a mole ) , i 'd be fine with that . 
  and , once i 've generated these positrons , what 's a way to experimentally verify that i 've created them ? 
  i 'd definitely separate the new electrons and positrons using a charged field , but then what ? 
  i probably ca n't do a crt sort of thing , since the prospective amount of particles that i 'm generating is extremely tiny in any case , but is there some sort of detector that i can rent from a local university or something ? 
  or can i use these annihilation properties to my advantage , and create a heat effect ? 
  my potential audience does n't really know anything about particle physics . 
  edit : okay , so basically , i use the decay of [ cobalt-60 ] ( http://unitednuclear.com/index.php?main_page=product_info&cpath=2_5&products_id=819 ) or some other highly radioactive element to generate the photons , and use a cloud chamber to keep track of the positrons , which is [ simple to make ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=400xfgmslqq ) . 
  most of the money goes towards the cobalt and the massive electromagnet , so i estimate a cost of about $ 150 . 
  thanks , / r/physics !, 
  edit 2 : sorry , i did n't mean to give the impression that i actually wanted to * store * them !, 
  i ca n't believe i actually put that word in the title . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not looking to trap anything . 
  i just want to create and observe them . 
  i am looking to replicate this experiment . 
  i promise to post a video . 
  after all , they only interact weakly and with gravitation , they do n't decay , and if you pack enough of anything densely enough into that much space , you can get the gravitation effects that make us believe that there 's dark matter . 
  the only reason that i can think of that this is n't a good explanation is that it does n't follow directly from the big bang . 
  but surely there 's room for surprises ... ? 
  is n't being excited about success tantamount to being excited about the thing you want to be successful at ? 
  i am very excited about both biomedical engineering and being successful at it . 
  i 'm excited at being successful at it because it means that someday i might solve some sort of major problem , like death by natural causes , or maybe some kind of cancer , or infallible replacement organs , and that would mean really good things for our society . 
  is n't that sort of the same thing as being excited about biomedical engineering itself ? 
  my problem is that actual torque pseudovectors only point upward , which is n't the actual direction that the force applied to the ball goes . 
  i ca n't find any record of how to find this sideways force ( sideways spin ? 
  english ? ), 
  on the ball anywhere given a particular torque or angular momentum , even though the ball does n't just happen to behave like [ this ] ( http://youtu.be/lcxau-ifle8?t=1m16s ) on its own whim . 
  what force creates this motion of the ball , and what is its relationship to the angular momentum of the ball ? 
  my ball has no topspin , only sidespin , if it helps . 
  latest version of ios , iphone 5 . 
  i do n't use newsstand , and surely so many other people do n't that there might be a way to disable it . 
  i do n't want to jailbreak it , partly because i 'm an honest person ( and i * want * that it support ) and partly because i 'm lazy . 
  the mit opencourseware website is n't working for me currently , so i ca n't just steal their listings . 
  i need to recommend books to a friend , but he does n't even know trigonometry yet , let alone calculus or differential equations . 
  i 've tried to teach some differential and integral calculus to him , but i do n't know whether it 's stuck , and he definitely is n't ready for things like fourier transforms yet . 
  edit : i found [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.com/quantum-universe-anything-that-happen/dp/0306819643 ) for qm , and [ this ] ( http://www.muppetlabs.com/~breadbox/txt/al.html ) for general relativity . 
  i know / r/math generally has allergies to low-level math , but you 've got to help me . 
  my friend received a very poor education , and now he wants to learn actual everything , including actual math ( which he will need for actual physics , and so on ) , and he asked me to recommend him textbooks . 
  the only problem is ... well , the premise : he was only ever educated in algebra , and i do n't mean set theory/group theory/ring theory et cetera , just the basic x and y stuff . 
  i managed to teach him logarithms , but not well , and he 's missed out on a couple other things , like solving third-degree and n-degree polynomials . 
  he also does n't know trigonometry . 
  what 's the fastest way to make up for lost time ? 
  i think i can handle teaching him calculus and odes personally ( and i will also be giving him my copy of spivak 's ; he 's not unintelligent , just poorly educated ) , but how can i do that when he does n't know what a sine is ? 
  please help me ( and , by proxy , him ) !, 
  even khan academy seems a bit slow . 
  the two relevant lines are :, 
  there should be one -- and preferably only one -- obvious way to do it . 
  although that way may not be obvious at first unless you 're dutch . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i mean , the founder of python is dutch . 
  but what does that really have to do with it ? 
  if so , do they have any interesting properties besides their densities and crystalline structures ? 
  i need it for things . 
  ( mostly fun and profit . ), 
  edit : holy shit , turns out there are about 20 python interpreter apps for iphone . 
  i bought all of them . 
  this is completely amazing . 
  or something . 
  that 's definitely possible , is n't it ? 
  we might classify it as a stimulant , a drug that induces elatedness and mental activity . 
  this is n't a very good classification , however , because stimulants are also supposed to induce heightened awareness , and that 's definitely not what 's happening here . 
  they do n't seem to be very conscious , and think very little about what they say or do . 
  that 's more indicative of a depressant , like alcohol . 
  except depressants generally do n't induce euphoria . 
  however , that 's only most depressants .
