  i think the first picture book i ever read was a field guide to the life of the mediterranean sea . 
  it was thick and mostly dry , gray pages filled with small letters , but the middle of the book had some pages made of a different , more brightly-colored material that had all of enrst haeckel 's relevant illustrations on them . 
  for the rest of my childhood , i would regularly fill letter-size pages with crayon drawings of underwater trenches , crammed with as many organisms as i could think of , roughly in the order of the depth at which they were found . 
  i 'd also draw tide pools to the side . 
  tide pools were my favorite thing ever -- accessible , interesting , diverse marine organisms !, 
  the best tide pool i probably ever found as a kid was in hawaii , where there were red pencil sea urchins during the day , and brittle stars at night . 
  it was the first time i had ever seen a brittle star !, 
  i had no paper or colored pencils , though , so i could only make crude drawings in the blank pages of my recreational reading material ( incidentally , * 20,000 leagues under the sea * ) . 
  i was very sad about that . 
  i was at least able to document the behavior of the sea urchins . 
  ( they like crevices , and can stick into them very handily . 
  they move around at night . ), 
  when i moved to america , i lived about an hour from the shore , where there was a marine institute ( sandy hook something or other ) that did a lot of programs for kids . 
  they showed me how to use a long piece of twine and a smallish piece of window frame to catalogue tide pools . 
  no longer did i draw trenches and tide pools from my imagination !, 
  instead i carefully mapped out real stuff . 
  the marine institute taught me how to distinguish intertidal regions from each other based on the data . 
  it was really fun !, 
  on the other end of the depth spectrum , i bought * the deep * when it came out in 2006 . 
  ( or , rather , i convinced my parents to buy it for me . ), 
  i had a hard time finding a copy ; when i went to the national museum of natural history , they had a bookstore , and it had a book called * deep * . 
  that was n't it . 
  i was very sad about that , but then eventually the local borders ( rip :( ) came through . 
  anyway , that 's how i owe most of my childhood and knowledge of marine biology to ernst haeckel . 
  of course , nowadays the closest that i come to being a marine biologist is epigenetically engineering sand dollars for fun and profit . 
  i can make more significant contributions to the world as a biomedical engineer , and also make more money . 
  the fridge was n't perfectly centered on his back , so torsion forces bent parts of his spine to one side , and it stayed there . 
  nasty stuff, 
  ah , a lab in maine found out that inactivating a particular gene in local sand dollars causes ciliopathy for them , which leads to interesting developmental problems , related to cystic fibrosis in humans . 
  i had the materials handy , so i did an informal peer review . 
  this happened to me a lot when i was younger . 
  for example , i was stuck in super mario world , and could n't progress . 
  i got one of the neighbors ' older sons to get farther ahead for me , after which i finished the game . 
  it was very frustrating for me , but i did n't exactly * mind * -- it was still fun to try and beat the same level over and over again . 
  so i would n't say that it was bad . 
  this is the part where i brag about my dual citizenship with hungary and the us, 
  i do n't think he wanted to show that the code is not bad . 
  more like why it is bad . 
  have n't we already done this ? 
  wow , it works on mobile !, 
  i know hungarian , german , * and * english , and i know the differences between the dialects . 
  does that make me a polyglot ? 
  not at all , i was raised trilingually and i did n't understand the concept of language until my american summer school spanish teacher spelled it out for me when i was 5 or so . 
  i do n't really remember , unfortunately . 
  edit : i think it went something like , `` you see all these words here ? 
  they are part of * spanish * . 
  these words ? 
  they 're part of * english * . 
  english and spanish are different languages . 
  some people know spanish , and some people know english , and some people know both . '', 
  1 . do n't be a prescriptivist, 
  2 . it 's in the dictionary, 
  i mean specifically a linguistic prescriptivist, 
  other kinds are fine, 
  edit : including meta-linguistic prescriptivists, 
  hell , drink iced tea anyway . 
   no x64, 
  because the linguistic behavior is n't arbitrary . 
  linguistic behaviors that recognize the arbitrariness of language are better because they lead to a better understanding of language and fewer stupid arguments . 
  meta-linguistic behaviors that promote these linguistic behaviors are better than those that do n't , by the transitive principle . 
  i prefer mass education to a slight boost to the research of a few individuals !, 
  the physics was fine . 
  some of the stuff was just orbiting at a height that they do n't in reality . 
  nothing so major . 
  ah , i thought you meant that slowing down change would make the change easier to study . 
  analyzing language is the point of * linguistics * . 
  actively trying to keep language the same constitutes a loss of information . 
  sure , communicating is the point of language , which is why prescriptivism is okay sometimes : see iupac for example . 
  but does language changing make communication so * terrible * that it justifies grinding the change to a halt ? 
  language changing generates new and interesting material to learn and study . 
  we can understand language better if there 's more of it . 
  we 've got communication down mostly already ; please make the one allowance for us to study the natural evolution of language . 
  ( arguably , a part of which is prescriptivism , but that antagonizes new forms of language , so it 's best kept to a minimum . ), 
  hell , i do that anyway nearly all of the time . 
  talking is n't ever any fun if you ca n't make it surprise the listener in an unexpected way . 
  most people do n't expect redundancy to be commonplace , so redundant language is weird and off-putting to them . 
  making speech more redundant will make it more memorable to them !, 
  of course , this is only good for casual conversation with friends and colleagues . 
  if you 're trying to teach something to someone else , unnecessary words are only very confusing and generally bad for their complete understanding of whatever you 're trying to teach them . 
  edit : well , unless they provide additional clarification that they otherwise would n't have had . 
  then it 's okay to use as many words as you need until your point is made properly in such a way that the other person understands exactly what you want to say . 
  but a ring around the center and a couple at the tips does the same job ... 
  hinges , how does that work ? 
  the internet is big, 
  he explicitly stated that it 's all stock . 
  imgur allows you to put any extension on an image regardless of its actual format, 
  tell that to whoever that dev applied to after that catastrophe . 
  douglas macarthur was thinking specifically a radiation belt that lasted 60 years . 
  i mean , come on , that 's * insane . 
  there 's still mandrakes, 
  no problem !, 
  it 's strange that it 's happening , usually comments like yours are upvoted . 
  well , but paranoid schizophrenia can give you symptoms like hearing voices . 
  most well-known for this is john nash ( who , contrary to what the movie showed , suffered only auditory hallucinations ) . 
  man , someone who is n't me should edit this gif so it just goes in a brownie-eating loop, 
  it 's not that bad, 
  i nearly moved here once . 
  then i remembered i do n't like rain * that * much . 
  well , hanging up notes is indeed a stretch . 
  i do n't think the original comment was in any way serious .
