  ( it 's also possible that i 'm getting trolled , but i 'm not exactly sure whether that 's likely . ), 
  * that 's not even how that word works !, 
  are you jokingly saying you 're a conspiracy theorist ? 
  i think the justifications follow something like this :, 
  assume there is a big jewish conspiracy . 
  the people who are alive who witnessed the holocaust are lying . 
  if they 're jewish , they 're lying because they are part of the big jewish conspiracy , and if they are n't , then they 're being bribed/blackmailed/threatened by the big jewish conspiracy . 
  all of the physical evidence of it was fabricated by the big jewish conspiracy . 
  and there you go !, 
   `` voting '' system where each vote is equally weighted ;, 
  actually , earlier votes are weighted far more than later votes . 
  so the less time you spend thinking about a post , the more your opinion about it counts . 
  famous last words !, 
  where did it land ? 
  some locations would be funnier than others . 
  also , what happens if you put it in your mouth ? 
  the big darwinian conspiracy ? 
  oh my , where did my $ 105 evaporate to ? 
  that 's right , right into andrew hussie 's wallet !, 
  edit : fuck !, 
  it has n't quite evaporated yet , and a tenth of the pledging opportunities are already gone !, 
  ( i keep my money on a table in new jersey and im waiting for the person who manages it to pick up the goddamn phone/skype ), 
  edit 2 : yessssssss , i 've done it !, 
  actually according to the homestuck fandom function , he should have $ 884,916 . 
  ( depending on when we 're counting from . ), 
  edit : could we actually come up with a homestuck fandom function ? 
  it should be the function that is shaped like the activity following an update . 
  ( of course , there will be an `` excitement coefficient '' , which squashes the function horizontally and stretches it vertically . 
  the best thing would be to have a special function that gets used when the update is so anticipated that the website goes down . ), 
  putting it in your mouth is a terrible idea , i think . 
  i follow a personal philosophy of not putting anything into my mouth that was inside a chemistry lab unless it was approved by the fda or the country that i 'm visiting 's equivalent . 
  ( or the country that i 'm living in 's equivalent . 
  i live in hungary . ), 
  fine , di water is fine . 
  ( i would n't call that `` pure '' though . 
  nanopure water it is ! ), 
  [ i found reddit !, 
  why do i have you tagged as `` proud asshole '' ? 
  * an * barack obama . 
  or the session that resulted from whatever session in the homestuck universe made a new universe that we do n't get to see in homestuck . 
  ( i 'm tentative about saying `` the universe that the alpha session makes '' , because that could be the cherub universe . ), 
  doc scratch x latula !, 
  nepeta x lord english !, 
  secret wizard c3 & lt ; ( porrim & amp ; bec ) !, 
  edit : here 's a remotely viable ship : jane x kankri !, 
  oh no , this great work of art will be forgotten amid the kickstarter . 
  fucking saved !, 
  also , where 's the one with terezi and the hairdryer from ? 
  i feel like i 've seen the original before in a movie or something . 
  that 's great !, 
  meulin can be the heir , then . 
  jesus christ , shit took longer to load than cascade . 
  also , what an energetic fellow !, 
  alienblue !, 
  i do n't think the trolls will all be introduced at once !, 
  i do n't know , i actually prefer making my own . 
  gives 'em more character . 
  you do n't ? 
  yeah , playing sburb would be one of the best experiences of my life . 
  ( despite the death . ), 
  $ 1m makes your fantroll the most important character in homestuck . 
  [ fuck you . 
  i ca n't \\* believe * i will ever be this fucking melodramatic . 
  you hardly even qualify as me , because in order to be `` me '' you have to have some fucking sense of self-awareness . 
  not even ironically would i ever be this blithely oblivious to my own shit . 
  i refuse to believe it . 
  assume that it 's logarithmically growing . 
  awwwww yeeeeeaaaaaah ... ready the goddamn operation : - put-meteors-into-space . 
  yeah , but our kickstarter is being calculated for * with the castle story data already in place * . 
  kicktraq is based partially on using old data to predict new data . 
  i do n't think it 'll make the same mistake it did with castle story with homestuck . 
  edit : auch , there 's insufficient data for a projection !, 
  wow , the top one is so ... typical . 
  i remember this !, 
  it was a sad day . 
  but now we do it in increments !, 
  i did about the same amount of work as you , then . 
  first , i looked through stylesheet.css , and found it mysteriously lacking . 
  then , i went back to the front page in chrome , right-clicked on it and clicked `` inspect element '' , navigated to its url ( that part was hard !, 
  ) , copied the url , pasted it into imgur web upload , copied the link to that , and submitted it to this subreddit . 
  pfft . 
  less than my yearly tuition . 
  ( not really . 
  more like `` less than the cost of a phd '' . ), 
  this was the only one i did n't understand . 
  [ you forgot the best one !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gg8q2.gif ) also , all homestuck panels count . 
  except the flashes and canvases . 
  that 's terrible . 
  i learned this , too . 
  also that they are like mosquitos for plants , and also that they are eaten by a certain insect . 
  and that summarizes the total of my knowledge of aphids . 
  first time i 've seen one on a macroscopic scale , though . 
  still have n't seen one irl . 
  so , they 're mosquitos !, 
  but for plants . 
  probably not . 
  it seems very compressible . 
  dehydration , maybe , but more likely there just wo n't be enough water in your mouth to fuel the expansion except a little bit . 
  that 's not likely to happen , though .
