  well look at the resources [ they had to work with ] ( http://photos.igougo.com/images/p195855-timbuktu-the_sahara_desert.jpg ) as opposed to the resources [ we had to work with ] ( http://oi43.tinypic.com/fe3ny8.jpg ) . 
  and i 'm being modest here . 
  also , [ there used to be first world black countries . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egypt ) ( if you are not aware , egypt used to be populated entirely by black people ; the current muslim population is relatively recent . ), 
  oh , also , resource-wise , yes they had the congo , but that stuff 's friction ' dense , man !, 
  ever see how hard it is to cut through that ? 
  belgium got a very bad deal when they claimed it . 
  i love how for the fundamentals of algebra they ask for an extra forty bucks . 
  no , no , it 's not random obscure stuff . 
  this is all retrospective anthropologists talk about , how why the guys near the fertile crescent inexplicably developed faster than the rest of the world and how it must have to do with their advantageous environment . 
  and egypt was n't just 5 % , it was the thing . 
  the large majority of blacks lived there ( you 'd be surprised at how small the density of tribes was in the rest of the continent ) , and it was the prime civilization of its time for a looooong while . 
  the greeks did eventually take them over , but that was more due to a leadership problem than being incompetent on the whole as a race . 
  it 's practically a novelty account , look at his comment history, 
  hah , it looks very similar to fludd indeed ... if i actually had that sort of money then i 'd buy it no question . 
  no , it 's not fake , definitely saw this a while ago in a legit physical periodical . 
  ca n't remember which tho . 
  that refers to the hyperbola , basically a mathematical curve . 
  wait , what was the grant for ? 
  huh . 
  i was thinking of big-line grants that have like enough tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars in them to squeeze something ridiculously unrelated in like a theremin . 
  it 's way more cool though to get a grant entirely for buying a theremin though . 
  well , `` legit '' . 
  it was n't a tabloid , it was something that people around here read often ... still ca n't remember what though . 
  a bit more cluttered than i like , otherwise great . 
  pretty impressive you must admit, 
  that 's true . 
  please post -- would love to see !, 
  definitely or defiantly ? 
  ( not to troll , just curious ), 
  / z\u028a\u031cks / , methinks, 
  it 's addressing the reader and implying that the reader thought it was something dirty . 
  i do n't know what it 's referring to , though . 
  i think yeah , but not much . 
  it 's a swear word on the analysis level of one person , and increasingly less so for larger sample groups . 
  huh . 
  i never knew that hungarian onomatopoeia for a baby crying is o\u00e1 o\u00e1 , nor that the onomatopoeia for swallowing is `` gluggy '' ( pronounced `` glood-yuh '' except without the `` uh '' at the end ) , despite being a native speaker . 
  learning something new every day . 
  three apparently . 
  i fail as a latin student . 
  i 'd leave america too but the cultural climate is too intriguing and despite everything it still has good secondary education . 
  well you 're all set to go then . 
  good luck !, 
  we have to make him see this , this is excellent advice . 
  they do n't care about the level of fun the people on the internet will be having ; it has a negligible impact on their pr . 
  they instead care about the world of business and politics , where actions have consequences for everybody . 
  you have to tell them that it 's bad for that world . 
  telling them that it 'll inhibit the creation of jobs is a perfect way to do this . 
  definitely . 
  well , in a sense we do have ice mountains , and we do have pools of lava ... but there 's already stuff that spawns near pools of lava ; miners know to look out for lava pools , because that could mean that there are valuable ores nearby . 
  but economically crushing people is so much more fun !, 
  once , i owned a monopoly on sugar ... my friend consented to giving me 10 diamonds for three pieces of paper ( before enchanting was even introduced !, 
  ) , and 60 iron ingots for two pieces of sugar . 
  ( leading to the ephemeral phenomenon of `` caek !! 1 ! '' ), 
  this is exactly what this is an alternative to . 
  mores get boring after a while . 
  lol steel ore is more fantasy than thaumazyde ore, 
   they can you on a quest, 
  i think you accidentally a verb, 
  hard limit 's 64 , practical limit 's 58 . 
  compared to the hundreds of mostly useless real-world ores , that 's not that much . 
  slate-of-the-art pun !, 
  mostly static stuff ; liquids spread somewhat based on a fairly complex system , and animals and monsters can move around and whatnot , but terrain features are limited to stuff that 'll stay in one place ( or burn/melt ) . 
  it would be possible to have volcano-shaped features ( and these sorts of things turn up naturally from time to time ) , and the spewing could be done with a particularly intensive sprite , but such a huge addition would probably not be considered by jeb . 
  so , we 're staying without volcanos for the time being . 
  you sure ? 
  he 's taking potionography, 
  there 's good evidence for an eventual chinese bust , in around a decade or so . 
  but this remains to be seen . 
  also why did you have to stick china into a perfectly good chinaless discussion, 
  that 's sometimes the case with novelty accounts , especially if otherwise it looks like trolling . 
  upvotes for everyone !, 
  probably just a creeper behind him . 
  absolutely brilliant , i find it very heartwarming . 
  makes the water shader mod look especially nice . 
  why ? 
  please tell me this is a joke ... 
  i get the chills when i read this sort of thing ... awesome things in development in the past ( paper mario , oot , poor earthbound 64 ) , when little did they know of the future during which we are sitting right now . 
  then , i sit back in the future and laugh , pleased . 
  i 'd love to see this as well !, 
  i 'm curious what there is about bioshock that takes up 500 pages ... lem me guess the last 50 are citations ? 
  `` gullible '' works , credulous is even better . 
  may i ask you to consider `` impressionable '' and `` na\u00efve '' ? 
  where the fuck does that word come from anyway, 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a person who would n't understand ce/bce ... although i have never asked . 
  oh fucking god , do n't teach si units in schools , i remember spending like a whole month each year learning the metric system for the hundredth time . 
  and i grew up in fucking europe . 
  4023 , there 's no year 0, 
  you are funny and right but also kind of a dick . 
  128 bits -  well past the postulated end of the universe, 
  i 'm sure this was done at some point , but i do n't remember it , so i 'm gon na say that you just had a completely original idea !, 
  and a good one too . 
  problem is it ca n't be seen during day , but i guess that that 's the gist ... 
  this is so epic . 
  nice room , by the way . 
  i 'd also have a synthesizer but i do n't have the room . 
  man , epic material here ... this is a really great idea , i 'm totally doing this next time i ever play minecraft . 
  yes !, 
  that would look amazing . 
  seconded , my room is n't half this size .
