  if i want to see original fanart , i go to skaia-net . 
  kill ( or prototype ) it before it turns on us !, 
  good , but `` economy '' should be misspelled . 
  no , his comment was fairly novel . 
  but it was n't too true , either . 
  usually , the `` haha le relevant xkcd '' comments do n't have followups saying that there will always be a relevant xkcd . 
  but i 've definitely seen that kind of followup before , and more than once . 
  just not all the time . 
  but i hate paying triple digits for textbooks ( to read in my spare time ) . 
  why should everyone else pay ~ $ 40 per recreational reading unit ? 
  then again , textbooks give me more reading time than , say , harry potter . 
  but some of them are just for reference , like the * crc handbook of chemistry and physics * , which is only useful to me in pdf form anyway , for looking up on my devices when i do n't have wikipedia . 
  the most important things i buy , like * feynman 's lectures * , and * g\u00f6del , escher , bach * , but what would a world look like where most textbooks were very cheap , and electronic ? 
  is this really the price of entertainment ? 
  or am i suffering from not being the target demographic ? 
  most people who buy textbooks do n't read them cover to cover , so they 're paying more per page read than me . 
  does that mean that if everyone always read the whole thing , then they would cost even more ? 
  what is the cost per recreational hour of textbooks , vs video games ? 
  ( or whatever everyone else does in their spare time . 
  and also , i 'm ignoring opportunity cost . 
  i 'd assume that the opportunity cost of reading a textbook is far less than that of playing a video game , but that 's only in the right context . 
  an independent game developer will gain more from playing games to see how they are constructed than reading a chemistry textbook , and doing either of those things is an extreme opportunity cost for a chinese factory worker on the brink of poverty . 
  forget how they even acquire a video game or textbook in the first place . 
  i try to make use of my knowledge whenever there is the opportunity , but knowing qcd has n't ever actually helped yet in anything , and i can only do so anyway given a bit of initial resources , monetary or otherwise . ), 
  and then there are those of us who plan to live forever , even if we have to make it come true ourselves . 
  it sounds profound , but it really is n't . 
  in fact , they only switch two adjacent letters from each bad word . 
  i should pay more attention . 
  the title follows that rule , though . 
  you have me beat , then . 
  mine will take 50 years to pay off , at most . 
  well , lots of things are `` basic human instincts '' and are terrible to do . 
  you could argue this about rape . 
  what movie was that again ? 
  sorry , it 's just not working anymore . 
  edit : oh , looks like it is . 
  those can not be stock nes controllers . 
  mine did n't even reach a meter from the console . 
  love , or just do when you 're bored ? 
  i do n't think anyone would do this in that case . 
  this is probably for survival maps where people need logs for wood . 
  then they see the trees , and find out that they 're made out of crafting tables . 
  what the hell ? 
  how do you do this ? 
  * aero fetch modus, 
  how many missions did we actually send to venus ' * surface * ? 
  i only know of one , and i heard that it took , like , 3 hours or something for the module to disintegrate . 
  you ca n't * read * op 's picture . 
  broomsticks have a preexisting enchantment on them that does not change with your perception of how they work . 
  transfiguration is a process that depends hugely on your perception of the world , given that it pulls a form from your mind ( and , more relevantly , other data like what object you want to transfigure ; it turns out that this input can be abused to do partial transfiguration if your concept of `` object '' is quantum enough ) , and that 's what harry was exploiting to his advantage . 
  this is a screenshot of my screen with the picture clicked to zoom in : http://i.imgur.com/rgguv.jpg, 
  huh . 
  too bad the pictures they sent back are so shitty . 
  they might as well be of mars . 
  where are all the volcanos ? 
  nowhere , because the camera was pointed at the * ground * . 
  i wish . 
  early 2008 macbook . 
  but i found that pressing cmd - = helps a lot , so thanks anyway !, 
  sorry to all geologists and geology majors if it gets boring seeing these after a while . 
  i am neither , and i love all of these kinds of maps to death !, 
  not if i have anything to say about it !, 
   you 've got to accept death any way or another . 
  or die trying to change the status quo . 
  it 's much more fun !, 
  congratulations , i made an entire subreddit for posts * not * like this : / r/im14andthisismeta, 
  this post clearly did n't mean to imply that this is actually meta . 
  but still . 
  that 's not the point . 
  when people say `` whateverception '' they are referring to the movie , and its recursive concept . 
  if everyone always said `` it 's not ` inception ' it 's ` recursion ' '' then we would n't have time to do anything else . 
  it 's like the fight over the word `` literally '' : just give up . 
  except that probably no one will remember inception in 10-20 years so the problem will go away . 
  probably a decade or so . 
  do n't worry , it wo n't last . 
  why ? 
  whoever remembers movies decades into the future unless they were masterpieces , or were movies of books that tend to be required reading ? 
  it is generally agreed that inception was not a masterpiece . 
  nope , it seems that it 's still working . 
  it 's hardly a meme anymore . 
  this is the first instance i have seen of it in , what , a few months ? 
  it seems that it 's around not because it 's an internet thing , but because a lot of people have seen the movie and remember it . 
  of course you are . 
  the rest of us think they are the cutest things ever made . 
  ah , thank you !, 
  that 's what i was remembering . 
  i do n't know what kind of fish this is . 
  what kind of fish is this ? 
  most of my english style guides ( lbh , eos/s & w ) disagree with jesse . 
  you can do it if it 's a number , acronym , or single letter . 
  good , but needs more library . 
  otherwise what are you actually going to do in there ? 
  \\* looks at lips * yup , that 's andrew hussie . 
  but the fact that people remember that inception happened does n't mean that referencing it would be culturally relevant or therefore socially acceptable anymore . 
  if you say '' _____ ception ! '', 
  in 20 years , people who saw it 20 years ago will say , `` oh , haha , i remember that '' , and everyone else will look at you cluelessly . 
  inception is n't going to have a lasting effect on the english language . 
  thank you !, 
  no , i 'm scientific progress . 
  i make you not die .
