  ; - ; looking forward to the wait, 
  eh , my tastes are pretty typical and bland , i 'm sure there 's a lot of people who like the same stuff . 
  but even without that , they do n't have to be the exact same tastes , just similar opinions ; but even that 's kinda hard i guess, 
  alas , that was me , very confused for several moments, 
  i disliked both ; they felt like repeats in a lot of ways . 
  i liked itfotn better , though . 
  better pacing/buildup . 
  lately i found out i 'm turkic and not uralic , i.e. 
  a dirty kebab . 
  but wow this is orders of magnitude worse, 
  \\ ^ seasoned latex veteran, 
  why are you in this sub, 
  sure , but readers are pretty similar . 
  a large part of them will probably come up with the same implication, 
  maybe if you 're from georgia, 
  edit : shit that does n't work either, 
  are you kidding me , reddit goes on and on about how much it hates tipping every time it 's brought up . 
  yes , it 's kind of dumb . 
  no , we do n't need to have the exact same discussion every time . 
  first one i found actually funny, 
  ca n't even answer the first question . 
  i figure she 'll turn out to be an `` it 's complicated '', 
  holy crap , i ca n't believe you caught that tiny sliver, 
  \\  using the war flag of austria specifically as its war flag, 
  wot, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  obviously hungary married into the spanish dynasty, 
  it 's the motto of austria-hungary . 
  indivisibly and inseparably . 
  unfortunately while i do n't make my languages even close to indo-european languages ( the only two i know are english and latin and the latter does n't even have articles ) , i find it hard to come up with a system that 's not similar to any existing language at all , without making it esoteric . 
  i made a conlang for those circles in gallifreyan , because i was annoyed that one did n't exist yet . 
  it went really well . 
  i dunno , i do n't learn my languages . 
  my conlangs are probably easier to learn than real languages , though , because they 're simpler . 
  it depends . 
  my standard method is throw together a phonology , build an interesting grammar on it , and make the vocabulary up as i go . 
  but making a proto-language first , and then doing historical linguistics on it , is also a viable method that i 'd like to try sometime . 
  i also wan na try procedurally generating languages . 
  ( part of the fun being coming up with languages you could * only * procedurally generate ), 
  gallifreyan , still . 
  the script is just so cool . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  it makes me feel kind of guilty , though , which is the reason for me not conlanging much anymore . 
  instead i just go learn regular languages , which are more fun because you can speak them with people . 
  - multiple agreement, 
  - modal particles, 
  - many aspects, 
  - agglutinativity ( although this is a morphological feature , not quite a grammatical one per se ), 
  as you can see , i am a chauvinist for my native language , hungarian . 
  ( inb4 hungarian has no aspects : sure we do !, 
  they 're just realized as verb affixes rather than actual inflection . 
  we can express causativity , telicity , frequentativity , and more , all using simple affixes . ), 
  according to my genetics textbook from ten years ago , the namesake of amino acids, 
  ( he is n't ), 
  because otherwise it 's boring . 
  why do n't i just go and learn that language then ? 
  yup !, 
  larry gonick is a great writer . 
  it 's kind of due to him i play this game , too !, 
  and definitely due to him that i have the career i do ( protein engineer ), 
  huh , that 's true . 
  kinda makes it worse , since it was formed as a result of a war for independence on the part of hungary, 
  i 'm more confused about the pointy blue border, 
  even thinking about art information-theoretically betrays a lack of inspiration/motivation . 
  i do n't make alien conlangs because i have nothing else to make ; i make them because i like them . 
  if you find more realistic languages more aesthetically pleasing , then you can make those , but if you find that you 've strayed into the territory of the entirely abstract , you 've done something wrong . 
  joke 's on you , i 've got a pico projector with an even smaller usb interface !, 
  but in this case the projection actually came out of a male usb port . 
  no excuse , no excuse !, 
  wow , and i thought czech was hard, 
  does your mouth dry out often, 
  \\  great britain acquiring poland, 
  \\  not a glorious reversal of modern times, 
  it 's possible there was a lot more stuff , and this is just stuff they have n't gotten to yet . 
  rollover error ? 
  dear god they combine fast . 
  what is that , the speed of sound ? 
  `` you 're '' -  `` you were '', 
  alternatively , wow he mixed tenses , does n't that make him a complete idiot ? 
  man , the people complaining about the lack of jpeg do n't appreciate curiosities, 
  making equations that actually graph to these is fun . 
  here 's what i could do in mathematica on short notice :, 
  animate [, 
  parametricplot [, 
  ( 50 cos [ t ] - 23 cos [ 50/23 t ] ) +, 
  ( 50 sin [ t ] - 23 sin [ 50/23 t ] ) } ,, 
  plotrange -  80 ,, 
  performancegoal -  `` quality '' ] ,, 
  defaultduration -  60 ], 
  a consequentialist altruist becoming the spirit of an impulsive misanthrope ? 
  hopefully forge 's philosophy will have a positive effect on johnny ( phhht yeah right ), 
  in hungary he is , sorta . 
  jesus comes on christmas . 
  it 's basically just a straight line at the end . 
  i multiplied that part by a very steep logistic function so that it 's practically nonexistent until the end . 
  so it * looks * like it 'll come out to a clean epicycloid , and then ... 
  ( i tried to make it so that it 's also somewhat squiggly at the end , by leaving in smaller versions of the original epicycloid components , but it does n't seem to do much . ), 
  * killing off * characters also creates problems though . 
  i think this will end up getting retconned . 
  it is the influence of the habsburgs,
