  i 'm not . ), 
  what if we came up with a way to regulate telomerase activity in helpful ways ? 
  or what if we designed a working nanite that has a hard drive and regulates genes ? 
  or what if we built machines that constructed new organs from scratch ? 
  ( that last one already exists . 
  it 's not so powerful yet , though . ), 
  that 's still far away , but infinitely far away from impossible . 
  we 're * here . 
  * your cells are * right there . 
  * we have technology that can manipulate stuff on the molecular level , in the manner that we might manipulate lego . 
  ( well , sort of . 
  we do n't have a universal constructor , but we can do nanoscale lithography , have also mastered a lot of chemical reactions , and can create proteins from genes if we really want to . ), 
  it 's a matter of being clever enough to construct automata to change the body in ways that fix the problems that occur as it gets old . 
  ( incidentally , a perfect implementation would also cure cancer , since the cells would be heavily-regulated to avoid abnormailty . ), 
  i suspect a lot of this will take place in the form of replacing lots of cells on-the-fly with new cells . 
  i have no idea how to accomplish that just yet ; where would you grow those cells , assuming you wanted to keep everything inside the body ? 
  one relevant answer today is `` outside the body , in a laboratory '' . 
  by far , we do n't have that for every organ , and not reliably , but we 've already transplanted synthetic organs into patients . 
  that 's definitely a step in the right direction . 
  but we 're not immortal yet . 
  sometime . 
  it 's only a matter of being clever enough . 
  turned into professor snape , you mean . 
  i thought it was tiki-tong from donkey kong country returns . 
  i 've only ever seen advertisements for crash bandicoot in the back of my gamer 's guide for super mario world . 
  that 's not a mathematician . 
  he 's never written a proof in his life ( except maybe in school ) , and his models are based on data instead of constructed out of thin air . 
  that 's two separate fields that do two different things . 
  physics uses a lot of mathematical tools , but it 's not pure mathematics like actual mathematics . 
  it does n't directly create any tools . 
  he is a physicist , and a hobbyist mathematician . 
  a parabola approximates the path of a falling thing with a constant forward velocity well enough all the time for it to seem as though the underlying structure of the universe generates a perfect parabola for a falling thing with a constant forward velocity , given minor deviations coming from other things playing a minor role . 
  the universe is a computational structure that follows certain rules , that would basically fall under math for us . 
  my current understanding of these rules is that it 's sort of a 3d , continuous , quantum , relativistic , cellular automaton , with lots of emergent stuff higher up . 
  the relativistic part , combined with the higgs field , ironically pretty fundamental despite the size of the stuff involved , makes things that fall with a constant forward velocity go in a rough parabola . 
  electromagnetic interaction with air molecules , also relatively fundamental , makes it deviate slightly . 
  but we notice the parabola first , not the rules themselves . 
  this does not make a physicist a mathematician . 
  mathematicians create and fortify abstract tools , and physicists apply them , occasionally conjecturing that the universe directly uses these tools . 
  consider me convinced . 
  i had no idea that there were people whose jobs it was exclusively for them to create mathematics for physics . 
  and the guy 's a theoretical physicist , so it checks out . 
  sorry , i did n't know about people who were physicists but not experimental physicists . 
  but now i do !, 
  so that 's great . 
  oh , i did n't notice that you were continuing this thread , as opposed to being another person commenting further up . 
  sorry for any confusion !, 
  whenever i use sarcasm on the internet , i try to denote it in some way that is momentarily inconspicuous but inevitably discovered . 
  that way , the reader has a chance to either get it on their own , or be hilariously momentarily confused . 
  then they 'll be either reassured or relieved . 
  i 've found that not using this system makes for great misunderstanding . 
  no , i was n't being sarcastic . 
  ^ ( ( funnily enough , the last time i did indicate my sarcasm , people complained that it was too subtle and downvoted me . 
  oh well , i tried . 
  i do n't even live in a city and i still get light pollution . 
  it 's infuriating . 
  you 're preaching to the choir , unfortunately . 
  everyone learns that on day 1 on the internet . 
  that 's an interesting thought about deaf people . 
  maybe they use their faces , and exaggerate their hand movements a bit . 
  or maybe not at all . 
  i certainly do n't exaggerate my speech when i 'm sarcastic ; it sounds obnoxious to me . 
  would they feel the same way about exaggerated hand movements ? 
  is asl a strong enough language to be able to be exaggerated without changing meaning ? 
  but the lack of dooming of a comment that gets downvoted once or twice is the whole purpose of the system . 
  previously , you had to make your case against downvotes , which got dismissed all the time as `` whining '' , further spiraling one into oblivion . 
  this way , you 're not obligated to make your case , because it removes the popular opinion bias from the start , so you * would n't * get people saying anything , unless people cared about the karma itself , which hardly seems to be a problem . 
   a moment, 
  it 's a joke . 
  i ca n't really blame you for missing it ; this is the internet , where you have to judge by semantics alone , which is always a gamble . 
  you should n't need a thesaurus to use any of those words . 
  they work just fine together in both a meaningful and aesthetically pleasing way . 
  ... why would n't you feel sorry for that ? 
  the poor guy wants to get as fast to the counter as possible , and you 're holding him up . 
  i do that too . 
  a lot of the time i hear people who i ask about lines say it all the time , i think , although i was n't listening for it ever so i may he mistaken . 
  i grew up in hungary , and live in the us . 
  your comment is way funnier than any / u/cationbot post could have been . 
  i 'm hungarian , but i had videotapes of bc imported from the us when i was a kid . 
  ( i had family in the us who recorded it for me . ), 
  i started shouting at the tv when i first heard that notion . 
  i do n't watch tv anymore . 
  harder to dip right . 
  too much fry volume relative to surface area , and also very unstable in a way that makes it break . 
  i 'll agree with you on the taste , but putting the ketchup directly on the fry sounds difficult to get right , not to mention you 'd eventually need to open up a packet with greasy fingers at some point . 
  and there 's still the part about the fry breaking . 
  what are you going to do , hold it on both ends ? 
  hold it like a baguette ? 
  you ca n't blame my parents . 
  all they wanted was quiet . 
  i did n't understand who op was talking about until he replied to you . 
  thank you , even if it was meant to be funny . 
  i 'm speaking from experience ; that 's why i protested in the first place . 
  how do you suggest i use the napkin ? 
  to grip the fries , or the ketchup ? 
  ( if the former , then a fork might work better . ), 
  or just wipe my hands ? 
  that usually makes me feel like i 'm listening to nails on a chalkboard . 
  ** do n't ** charge your phone !, 
  unfortunately so .
