  yes, 
  austria also has a pu over bohemia . 
  apparently the game considers owning half of se asia good enough to rival both spain and portugal ( but not mega-malacca ), 
  exactly, 
  300 years -- that 's a total of 300 % inflation . 
  holy shit . 
  that 's good to know . 
  sulu 's the only country with filipino culture !, 
  also i annexed the entirety of borneo in like the first decade or two , so who cares, 
  no , that 's what he chose to write about . 
  and it 's a fair point . 
  what 's the point of adding that ? 
  was it a misguided attempt to make the guy more relatable ? 
  maybe they have a shitty ticking warscore from losing a bunch of battles or not occupying a particular province yet ? 
  btw : you know about html escape codes but not backslashes ? 
  uk 's * adoptive * brother, 
  nah , that 's too tricky for a hollywood trailer . 
   the doctor gets too much attention . 
  it seems like every episode turns into a character study of him . 
  i want the show to be more about the places he goes , and the people and enemies he meets . 
  but it seems again like every episode ends up being about the doctor . 
  is he good or bad ? 
  did he make the right choice ? 
  this is a good point , but this series , even more than focusing on the doctor , focused on clara . 
  i 'd rather focus on the setting , like you , for a bit . 
  yeah . 
  many long-running series have recurring villains ; why do n't those become stale ? 
  i think it 's because in those series , the villains and their role change . 
  dw does try to put new spins on the daleks all the time , but they do n't really change . 
  they 're invincible metal cans and they want to kill everyone . 
   finally , the tendency for the show to `` forget '' many enemies . 
  cybermen , daleks , weeping angels , the master even ; all reappear many times . 
  but many other enemies appear for one or two episodes , then disappear , except for the occasional , `` remember them ? '', 
  moments . 
  that 's alright . 
  they do n't need to be recurring . 
  come up with new , interesting ones instead . 
  ^ ( * learn hungarian !, 
  `` na '' is a particle that can be used to indicate finality , among many other things depending on the tone . ), 
  unfortunately , you do n't always feel that way . 
  :( ( flair relevant ), 
  not influential , but hard/pointless enough to invade that it never got conquered . 
  alright , but that 's exactly what i did , and nothing happened , except for me losing a bunch of prestige . 
  they sieged the capital itself !, 
  what happened ? 
  according to [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/1rplgw/changing_religion/ ) , the majority of your provinces have to be occupied by the rebels for it , but another time when i became orthomans , it was only constantinople that was sieged . 
  possibly , the majority of your provinces have to be that religion . 
  it 's a shame that i ca n't let the rebels roam around and convert everyone . 
  i guess i 'll just have to sell all the province to my vassals except les cayes . 
  thanks !, 
  these are all relatively advanced queries , though . 
  when i try to use it , it ca n't even do things like solve systems of equations for particular variables , or substitute a variable into an equation . 
  screw your lackluster natural english processing , steve !, 
  i 'm making my own natural language cas , with blackjack and hookers !, 
  i think she wrote all the shitty fanfiction that the anti-cliche and mary sue elimination squad fixed ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  do you have a bot that replies automatically ? 
  ( testing whether you 're an eliza ), 
  that has to be a joke . 
  i 've heard of the first and third ones , not sure about the middle one, 
  how about north dakota , or wyoming ? 
  / r/microporn would love this !, 
  thank you !, 
  you 're example 's the opposite of what i need , though ; i 'm interested in something that commutes , but does n't have associativity . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't have time to make t\u00ebj , though . 
  do you have a website ? 
  what kinds of games do you make ? 
  thanks !, 
  it is indeed raw , and i 'll go with the tequila or p\u00e1linka then , considering their alcohol content is closest to 45 % . 
  this is ( unfortunately ? ), 
  today . 
  i 'll be grinding up sushi tuna . 
  i do n't have the means to freeze it cold enough to keep it for any amount of time . 
  yup !, 
  1/1/15 , never forget ; - ; i had it at finfin\u00e9 in berkeley . 
  i 'm making it with tuna because otherwise it would be too similar to tartar steak , which i already make all the time in hungary . 
  ( on the more practical side , i also ca n't find freshly slaughtered beef in the us , unlike in hungary . ), 
  this is in fact my favorite thing that i 've ever seen on this subreddit . 
  forget insane double eve missions , or extremely tiny crafts -- a realistic , high-powered stock rocket !, 
  brb making one of these . 
  alright . 
  that 's sorta what i figured , but you can never have something too sterile , and i was n't sure whether eating the sushi fish with soy sauce helped kill any bacteria all the other times i ate it ( it did n't ; soy sauce is actually rich in bacteria ) . 
  the worst is https://imgur.com/a/2oxok#9 , where it seems new spain has a counter-enclave . 
  have you tried running the simulation ? 
  technically , extended ipa has the cleft palate phonemes , which ca n't be pronounced by most humans . 
  a couple of things :, 
  - i 'm supposed to be fully annexing spain this run, 
  - that occupation is actually savoy , not austria, 
  - i 'll probably vassalize france ; i have no aow , so i ca n't make it a march, 
  `` gives back '' is fine . 
  regular english verbs inflect for person and number for * one person * in * one number * in * one tense * , and you want to take away the glory of it ? 
  you heartless , heartless , cruel person . 
  harry potter has ~ ~ the eastern european school for men ~ ~ durmstrang, 
  it 's terrible, 
  wait , is n't bulgaria in russia ? 
  i 'd really like it if paradox put a little more effort into sulu . 
  they do n't deserve to be grouped with the rest of the malayo-polynesians , because they freaking are n't . 
  give them tausug/sulunese ideas , involving privateer missions or something ( they were fierce pirates ) . 
  take away their ability to form malaya , but allow them to form the philippines , which gives the ability to convert to catholic or something ( as well as like a -50 % tax modifier ) . 
  they could be so much more !,
