  yeah , but i 've sort of already formed the mental association . 
  it said my name and nationality . 
  that 's a bit impressive . 
  careful , your empathy is showing !, 
  \u00eb but , it really does n't bother me ; there 's no way i can see that that it would harm me . 
  this is a really , really obscure place to look for personal info about me , which no one wants to do anyway . 
  i 'd prefer something like [ ] \\ ( / phweet ) though . 
  of course , it 's impossible since you ca n't store gifs on reddit . 
  yup . 
  hell yes . 
  thank you !, 
  eagerly awaiting . 
  cool !, 
  i like your being mod . 
  [ snows a big chilly carpet of nobody gives a shit ] ( http://www.mspaintadventures.com/?s=6&amp;p=004924 ), 
  loved the piece and your description of it . 
  thanks !, 
  and distribution of clientside software . 
  and you need to get everyone to download it . 
  that 's the hard part . 
  what about the constant incoming flow of new users , and all the people that wo n't see it in the short period of time that it 's up ? 
  it 's pretty regular that people do n't remember a specific popular post . 
  once , i was isolated from reddit for three weeks ; what if i missed something important in that time period ? 
  and not everyone reads the sidebar . 
  in fact , people rarely do . 
  the only foolproof solution is to blatantly and obviously incorporate it into a homestuck panel , since * everyone * reads those . 
  the worst part is that if you do n't have it , you ca n't tell that you do n't , so you never learn of it . 
  if it were at least conspicuous , people would ask , `` what are those weird text glitches i get every so often '' or something , and this way new users would learn about it fairly quickly . 
  but i do n't see that happening here . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i 'm on an iphone . 
  i know that the / r/4chan triforce gif is only there because it already existed in the reddit database for some unknown reason . 
  i do n't understand !, 
  they both appear to be containers for the same kind of paper , so i do n't know what the connection is between their labels and contents . 
  does the beta-box contain aluminium sheets or something ? 
  redundant . 
  you only need either one . 
  just , like , be able to simulate the weird things that actually happen when you aceelerate things go significant fractions of c. you 'd never be able to see something enter a black hole , and you could cause explosions of fusion by shooting two planets at each other very fast . 
  oh , ahahahahaha , you 're right . 
  we 've already seen most of these , but they 're worth seeing again !, 
  fuck you , hussie !, 
  those were the worst 40 seconds of my life , waiting for that gif to load !, 
  you completely got me , though . 
  it was so hard for me not to open that dialog box , and i did n't . 
  i 'm so proud of myself . 
  at this point i do n't even remember what it said . 
  i wo n't lose heat and running water , but i 'll lose internet . 
  good question . 
  i have no idea . 
  my theory for how the kids had wifi in the medium was that skaia was also a wifi center ( and the planets also probably had similar equipment embedded in them ) , but that sort of got shot when they still had internet on the meteor . 
  that could be solved by the notion that the meteor also has wifi , but : / . 
  hey , we have cool emotes now for the quadrants : [ ] ( / spade ) !, 
  afrokid251 2016 !, 
  i know !, 
  i 'm just saying that i have an explanation for the medium , but not earth . 
  commenter below/above is probably right : skaianet . 
  of course . 
  i was just saying what was relevant here . 
  wh - [ oh ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/hsbe0.gif ) ( i 'll wait for someone to post the reverse version ), 
  bro has the puppet fetish , not dave . 
  destroy your productivity !, 
  ( temporarily ! ), 
  \u00fc they were all in one thread . 
  thank you for the well-wishing . 
  oh hey , did you know we live near each other now ? 
  hurricane basin ftw . 
  you remembered to add ` jackbluh ` from back when i requested it several months ago !, 
  fine , i mean a game like sburb that lord english designed . 
  tinyurl , adfly , bitly , googl , and other url shortener links get censored , because reddit has no way of knowing where they lead ( shock site ? 
  porno ? 
  advertising ? 
  it 's for our own good . 
  then , some brave moderator has to venture forth into the unknown and see whether the link was rightfully censored or not . 
  and if they see that it is just , they leave it . 
  if they see that the link was , in fact , perfectly ok , then they approve it . 
  your antivirus blocks the site ? 
  interesting . 
  really , all it does is send you into a perpetual loop of dialogue boxes , containing alternately `` mud ! '', 
  and `` kipz !, 
  '' , which to escape you have to restart your browser . 
  it does n't destroy any of your work or anything , unless you were writing a really long and important email in an online email client that does n't autosave your emails , in which case you should be writing those in word processors anyway . 
  took you long enough !, 
  nine hours !, 
  g.g !, 
  cool !, 
  does chrome have one ? 
  maybe try cutting down on the number of subreddits you subscribe to ? 
  really , subreddits should be treated as content sources independent of each other , each for a specific topic . 
  because topics overlap , subreddits can overlap as well . 
  did you have no room left to expand or something ? 
  i love it . 
  i wonder why people are downvoting it , as opposed to its karma exploding . 
  i just used the inline viewer , so i did n't notice . 
  if you want , you could resubmit it . 
  i 'm in the same situation , but i [ have no shame . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/cableporn/comments/128drd/hardcore_cable_porn_commercial_desktop_version/ ), 
   muslims coming to europe for a better life are literally worse than hitler . 
  ... wow , he really did literally imply that . 
  that looks unwieldy for tavros horns !, 
  more importantly , though , why does that person persistently and faithfully use abbreviated and phonetic spellings of certain words ?
