  guys , it 's funny because `` ass '' . 
  this is n't a proper usage , though , since `` lycanthrope '' means were * wolf * specifically ( ancient greek for `` wolf '' is `` lykos '' , pronounced roughly `` lewkos '' , which is sort of funny because it sounds like `` leukos '' , which means `` white '' and is pronounced more like `` leh-wkos '' , and i forogot the point i was making ? 
  what ? 
  who gilded a comment in / r/niggers ? 
  as another biotechnologist , also thanks . 
  ( and high-five . 
  biomedical engineering is * like * biotechnology , is n't it ? 
  we took the same freshman seminars , at least . ), 
  \\ 0 nice username by the way . 
  similar undergrad majors though , course-wise ( if your college distinguishes between them at all ) . 
  i , at least , think it 's close enough . 
  i design medical equipment ( in theory ) . 
  what i 've gathered from seminars and things is biotechnology is like it but more general , and is synonymous with `` biological engineering '' . 
  my things have to benefit peoples ' health by definition , his things have to benefit it because funding . 
  and i 've definitely done things that could be considered biotech . 
  well , okay , no , but there were research opportunities that i 've passed up that could be considered biotech . 
  it 's synthetic , so do n't worry . 
  wow that was so edgy of you to say, 
  good job, 
  i 'm so proud of you, 
  it 's like seeing my brother quit his cocaine addiction all over again, 
  that 's still lots , lots , lots of digits . 
  the fact that hussie 's * intent * is to screw with those people does n't mean that they have to fall for it . 
  it 's possible to have an injoke that everyone 's in on . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  also , the fact that they know that they are being trolled does not preclude that they be offended by it . 
  that 's a misuse of the word `` determinism '' . 
  you 're looking for `` determination '' . 
  and :, 
   the fact that they know that they are being trolled does not preclude that they be offended by it . 
  they do n't * have * to find something sincere in it to feel that way . 
  and what about playing the music from memory ? 
  i mean , i 'm a violinist , not a pianist , but surely the experience is rather similar in terms of inadvertently memorizing the music . 
  this non-sequitur is completely bizarre for me . 
  i need context . 
  i love this so much !, 
  next time i play minecraft , i 'm building something like this . 
  the problem that i foresee , though , is easy access to mines . 
  there there has n't been anything approaching a teleporter in the past year , has there ? 
  ( i am aware of the nether . 
  i have n't played minecraft for a year . ), 
  you can definitely flick a switch . 
  where do you live ? 
  several places that i 've been have had light switches that have a sort of rectangular thing that sticks out , and if it points upward then the light is on , and if it points downward then the light is off . 
  unless it 's at the top or bottom of the staircase and there is a second light switch at the other end , in which case the light is either on if the two switches are the same and off if they are different , or the other way around . 
  or the balls are metallic below the surface , and there are magnetic detectors below the felt . 
  in terms of detecting the balls , anyway . 
  i 'm sure that it 's possible to make it subtle enough so that it does n't affect their paths . 
  what town ? 
  must be pretty big , seeing as there are * multiple * movies * and * tv shows that have been filmed there . 
  not even close . 
  it 's subnuclear . 
  speak of the devil . 
  that 's what you should * always * do on reddit . 
  it 's the essence of the `` vote discussion , not agreement '' philosophy . 
  yes he does . 
  trickster mode fits the description . 
  a completely unexpected event that suddenly solves a lot of problems . 
  usually happens when the author has written theirself into a corner ( although that 's not the case here ) . 
  how is trickster mode not that ? 
  sure , we did expect to see calliope 's and caliborn 's jujus , but by far we did n't expect them to be that overpowered . 
  i mean , jane exploded her planet into plants and zillium . 
  that 's god mode-powerful . 
  and it came from pretty much nowhere . 
  what do you mean `` slipping '' ? 
  it 's always been this shitty . 
  just do n't subscribe to these subreddits if it bothers you . 
  did you come up with that one ? 
  you know , this exact post has appeared on the front page before , multiple times . 
  except now the picture is even * worse * . 
  i still do n't understand what that acronym stands for . 
  my mind immediately dismissed `` personal digital assistant '' and settled for `` partial differential equations '' . 
  then i saw your comment , thought it must have had something to do with sexual relations , so i corrected it to `` personal differential equations '' . 
  it all happened quite fast ( too fast for me to realize that that 's not even a correct acronym ) , but it happened , and i 'm stuck . 
  there was , and it 's still accessible from the wiki somewhere . 
  it centers it on a particularly colorful section of the most `` interesting '' image ( which is essentially a function of colorfulness and size ) . 
  well , also go back and check all the other repeated stuff , like the `` ha '' 's when they laughed simultaneously . 
  they 're all in groups of 11 . 
  inversion ? 
  jake is even more self-centered now , and jane is even more silly . 
  if i have anything to say about it , yes , but that has nothing to do with the article . 
  and it might be to give / r/lounge frequenters the exclusive privilege of having their community moderated by the admins . 
  not that i consider it an exclusive privilege , but i think that would make sense . 
  srs-lite-approved . 
  where is he ? 
  i have n't seen him in forever . 
  well , i kind of appreciate how heavily young me documented his code . 
  and i have n't really learned any more c programming since then ( i 'm not a computer science major or anything ; i use python to solve some problems and r to graph things and that 's it ) , so i think young me actually had better code than i do now . 
  nice , but that 's a hilbert curve , not a peano curve . 
  indeed it be so . 
  by the way , welcome to the 21st century !, 
  who taught you to use the internet ? 
  also may i ask you when and where you are from ? 
  how did you get here ? 
  are you trying to get back ? 
  may i please record your english , as it is valuable historiolinguistic data ? 
  did anyone else come with you ? 
  do you speak any other languages ? 
  what items did you bring with you , if any , and may i see them ? 
  have you traveled anywhere in your period , and if so , could you give a verbal account ?
