  you mean 10bp/turn ? 
  you need charge to be solid , not mass . 
  ^ ( just for the record . ), 
  there 's a lot of compounds that explode on contact : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primary_explosive#primary_explosive, 
  i personally think it was edited , though, 
  yeah , but it does n't directly affect anyone but people who have to do with the nih and nsf . 
  ( e.g. , grad students ) most people in the us are only affected in that they ca n't go to some park . 
  they 're the ones who need to be inconvenienced . 
  it is cooler master 's biggest source of shame, 
  they do pee . 
  it is just tiny and undetectable . 
  i have zippered pockets, 
  too late !, 
  it happened for the first time ever just a couple days ago . 
  it 's exactly as underwhelming as i pictured . 
  when it says 10 to 10.5 nt per turn , i do n't think it 's counting both sides . 
  also keep in mind that a turn is two of those middle parts . 
  hell , how even would we detect an earth-sized one ? 
  hope it comes close enough to a star to darken it ? 
  raw ground beef is * awesome * as long as you spice it correctly and as long as it comes from sirloin . 
  edit : and as long as you personally know the person who owned the cow , and as long as you grind it up yourself . 
  i mean a rogue planet in particular ( sorry i did n't realize we were n't talking about rogue planets in this whole thread ) . 
  i 've collected transit data before , i 'm well aware of how to detect exoplanets . 
  then how ? 
  do n't be a comedian , you 'd collapse the market . 
  the first one is understandable , the last look you get at the person is n't one that you want to be disgusting . 
  the second one is pretty strange though . 
  i mean , i guess it makes sense to keep the body in one place so that you can go back and visit it if you want to , but why underground ? 
  i think even just translating the original would take a whole lot of work and semantic fudging . 
  i would n't even know where to begin translating all the different dialects across to hungarian . 
  german might be easier . 
  and germany only made america get them because of france , america , gb , etc. 
   caliborn 's leg, 
  do n't mix latin and english pronunciation . 
  it 's either deh-oos or dayus . 
  is it faster than c++ ? 
  is it rougly as portable ? 
  did he died, 
  what is a `` dad joke '' ? 
  i hear it used all the time on reddit , but it looks just like a synonym for `` pun '' . 
  so , it * is * a synonym for a pun . 
  good to know , thanks !, 
  also , the article itself is really cool . 
  he gives mathematica the best advertisement that he could possibly give . 
  my guess is terminators , and the additional usefulness that t-a bonds have in functional rnas . 
  is that the whole story ? 
  what about promoters ? 
  ^ ( no it is not literally a fractal . 
  it is an algorithm that produces fractals . ), 
  itt : excuses, 
  for the first couple seconds when i saw this picture , i thought the lion was hanging by its skin . 
  that 's a normal distribution you have there . 
  gaussian distributions are discrete . 
  just get a zone 6 permit . 
  how hard can it be ? 
  ( do those expire ? 
  i 'm from hungary . ), 
  hey !, 
  surely we deserve # 2 , 3 , or 4 `` least fucked up '' right ? 
  in all seriousness , our government is a two-cent whore , and the standard of living is not entirely awesome . 
  ( and social equality is going terribly . ), 
  but otherwise we 're fine !, 
  really !, 
  come and visit !, 
  do n't bring any valuables !, 
  it 's been a long time since molecular genetics . 
  why are they highly mutagenic again ? 
  i thought it was successive pyrimidines you had to worry about the most ? 
  the shaded handle gives it away . 
  then again , it probably was n't intended to be subtle . 
  it was probably part of a larger trip . 
  $ 4k sounds like a pretty low figure to me , but maybe not . 
  e.g. , i drove from new york to berkeley because i had to move furniture , and it only took a few days ( during which i visited a lot of tourist attractions such as salt lake city and everything in colorado ) , and i think i spent less than $ 4k on that . 
  it kind of depends on the speeding ticket i got in nevada . 
  well yeah , they did n't just pick blue meth out of a hat for brba . 
  now , for the cheap price of several hundred dollars , you too can create these kinds of posts !, 
  get mathematica ( or just download mathics , which is a free clone ), 
  learn how to use it, 
  screw around, 
  it 's way more prominent in awsa 's picture . 
  after you see that , it 's difficult to see the resemblance in the original anymore . 
  ( this is the same effect as if you had looked at a picture of the real mitt romney next to the original . ), 
  oh , that makes sense . 
  sorry if i offended you . 
  landing on non-atmospheric bodies is already a pain enough as it is . 
  edit : seriously , if i 'm 100m above the surface of moho and i try to put down my landing gear to land and one does n't come out , i 'm gon na flip . 
  and the main width unit is `` rockomax size '' . 
  fixing landing legs while the ship is landing ? 
  that goes beyond kerballs . 
  it needs to be ringed with 16 sepratrons . 
  icing . 
  landing upside-down ? 
  you 're tempting the gods , my friend . 
  oh , good . 
  i was worried there for an hour . 
  does extending my landing legs change my center of mass or my center of drag ? 
  what about ladders ? 
  last time i tried extending a ladder mid-flight , the ship blew up , but it might have been a coincidence . 
  no , it usually works fine . 
  i think i tried to extend it at the same moment my parachutes opened fully , and i had physics warp set to 4x .
