  yeah , tier 1 was control/elise warrior , c'thun warrior , dragon warrior ... 
  does n't run on my 200 mips , 64m sparcstation-5 . 
  the specifics are still contentious , but it is well known that linguistic diversity correlates inversely with ease of communication . 
  it 's not a coincidence that the regions of highest diversity tend to be mountainous ( e.g. 
  the caucasus , california , south china ) , forested ( e.g. 
  the amazon ) , or both ( e.g. 
  the turks and caicos islands of course, 
  please leave them alone , it 's almost all they have left now . 
  he 's not the only person i know who pronounces it that way . 
  the other person i know lives in socal . 
  where does reynad live ? 
  maybe it 's a regionalism . 
  hmm . 
  maybe it 's just a minority of people , or a specific part of socal ? 
  or just a coincidence ; i mean , it 's just two people . 
  then we need a continent-wide geographical survey . 
  this is important , and we need to get to the bottom of it !, 
  cobalt and nickel are both pretty okay names , not to mention precious metals like gold and silver . 
  and bismuth sounds about as good as antimony . 
  tfw not even a bat-themed deck plays exploding bloatbat . 
  it fits right into the map . 
  do english majors read hegel ? 
  actually , does * anyone * read hegel for real ? 
  it 's just not as effective in text . 
  we have many attilas in hungary . 
  they would not appreciate a hurricane being named after them , probably . 
  ( but it 's hard to tell ; we never get hurricanes in hungary , just bad storms . ), 
  inkscape is really nice to use once you 've learned what all the bits and bobs do . 
  it 's got built-in buttons for aligning and distributing stuff , and adding and subtracting shapes from each other . 
  that 's the python logo . 
  there 's been jokes about guido van rossum ( the creator of python ) being hitler since the beginning of time . 
  his semi-official title in the python project is [ `` benevolent dictator for life '' . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benevolent_dictator_for_life ) the essence of the `` rossum = hitler '' jokes can be found in the python joke in the humorous blog post [ `` a brief , incomplete , and mostly wrong history of programming languages '' . 
  ] ( http://james-iry.blogspot.com/2009/05/brief-incomplete-and-mostly-wrong.html ), 
  that was just for visual modeling of the black hole . 
  how about the part where the guy goes into a black hole and nonsense happens ? 
  how about the mysterious super-plague that can infect every single known crop ? 
  how about space bridge with the dr who tube in the middle ? 
  how about the whole `` love transcends time/space '' thing ? 
  do n't get me wrong , there 's been much softer sci fi , and * interstellar * is harder than average , but there 's also been much , much harder sci fi . 
  fair enough . 
  it 's just , i dunno , if not even the premise is hard , does it really count ? 
  prolly the hardest sci fi in that category is * gattaca . 
  * the technology in it is already halfway existent . 
  * primer * is another contender , but it 's less `` hard '' and more `` down-to-earth '' , considering that its premise involves time travel but the rest of the movie is very realistic . 
  for sure does the [ city of pensacola website ] ( http://www.cityofpensacola.com ) not indicate a flag like this anywhere . 
  it seems that they are much bigger fans of flying all five flags separately . 
  somaliland is plenty good . 
  somalia , however , is a different story . 
  maybe reddit can help me with this one . 
  during the recent eclipse , i drove down to tennessee with my sister and her so . 
  we drove in a subaru . 
  at our destination , someone jokingly asked whether we love our subaru . 
  what were they referring to ? 
  is there some sort of ad ? 
  nope, 
  thanks !, 
  wait . 
  are you implying that i 'm a pr guy for subaru , or that i 'm a troll from / r/hailcorporate ? 
  or the woman i talked to was a subaru pr person ? 
  or she was a troll from / r/hailcorporate ? 
  advertising makes shills of us all , i guess . 
  there 's always a reliant xhtml, 
  oh my god , it would have been clearer if it were formatted like, 
  but ehhh i 've almost never been able to identify a loss comic without being told it 's one , so maybe do n't take my advice . 
  great job , this comic is like the game or the manning face . 
  you should put new jersey in the bottom tier with mississippi . 
  their flag is somehow even worse than a bedsheet . 
  ( alternatively , put a `` bedsheet '' tier between e and f , and leave nj and whatever that white one with the blue border is in f. ), 
  full disclosure : i did not make this . 
  i found it in knowyourmeme 's image gallery . 
  [ removed ], 
  oh i get it , by analogy with `` moxen '' !, 
  also anti-mobile tech, 
  that 's why you put it in a mill deck . 
  it is fun , because it directly works towards your win condition !, 
  unless your opponent has already drawn all of their 1-cost spells . 
  but then you 're deleting cards from their hand , which is helpful . 
  it 's like a mini vinecleaver . 
  it 's like a t1 storm kill in mtg vintage , but dumber . 
  you 're right , it 's a corruption of an actual paradox that shows that not every set can exist : does a set of all sets that do n't contain themselves , contain itself ? 
  this is called [ russel 's paradox . 
  look , i just wan na play control hunter and not be sad all the time that i 'm playing it . 
  the deck is so ridiculously polarized ; its removals , board clears , draw , and heals are bottom-tier , but its minion tutors are the best in the game , and it has a great late game with deathstalker rexxar . 
  in wild , it 's also got a cooler , cheaper version of gadgetzan auctioneer . 
  but my favorite thing about the deck will always be how the cursor turns into a little reticle for arcane shot . 
  what kind of removal in hearthstone is that cool ? 
  none of them . 
  i 'll give you that one . 
  quickshot was also great , back when it existed . 
  but two deadly shots and two hunter 's marks are n't enough for removal , considering that the hms need to be comboed . 
  what about 4-5 health minions ? 
  while a good control deck such as highlander priest might wait for a board clear to kill them , hunter ca n't afford to do that , so it has to use a big removal like deadly shot , or run garbage like explosive shot . 
  but then why print cool control stuff for hunter like lnl , stitched tracker , and deathstalker rexxar if it should only be good at a `` tempo to midrange strategy '' ? 
  frickin ' warriors and warlocks get every damn deck on the scale , while hunter gets pigeonholed into the same boring midrange deck every time . 
  kinda like the opposite of priest , except priest can be interesting to play . 
  ( note : deathstalker rexxar is good in midrange as well , but really it is good in any deck besides aggro . 
  it is an ideal late-game wincon for a control deck , though , because it takes time to draw and play it , but then it generates infinite value . ), 
  the photographer 's name is hungarian , but i 'm pretty sure we do n't have seagulls in hungary . 
  not even at the balaton .
