  sure , but the strategy nottom gave was `` make powerful allies , kill slightly less powerful countries when they are weak '' . 
  you do n't do that with ryukyu . 
  although i 'm not sure * what * you do with them now , since the patch changed so much . 
  usually the first step is vassalizing a weak country in indochina . 
  diplomacy , yes , but not actual peacetime operations . 
  the non-conquest victory conditions are n't what create the fun in civ peacetime . 
  having fun is n't the same thing as winning . 
  what you do in peacetime in civ is optimize your production , acquire strategic resources , ally city states , and convert continents to your religion . 
  this is what makes peacetime an enjoyable activity in civ . 
  in eu4 , the peacetime situation has just improved with the addition of development , but it 's still stunted compared to civ v 's depth , and most peacetime activities are just gearing up for war ( e.g. , sucking up to other countries to get allies , or getting elected head of the hre ) . 
  in eu4 , you can always be at war . 
  in civ , you can always be in peacetime . 
  i 've saved your comment . 
  if we do narrow it down to the day and it turns out that it was a tuesday ( naively , meaning that the number of days between it and the next tuesday will be a multiple of 7 ) , i 'll find a way to mail you 5 bucks . 
  that 's kind of dumb . 
  you should never ban history . 
  if you want to prevent racism , do something of actual substance . 
  banning flags does n't do anything . 
  there are in fact few effective ways to get people to stop being racist , and this especially is n't one of them . 
  sorry , the vid did n't work on my phone , so i tried to guess what the article was about based on the reddit comments . 
  that 's fine then , who cares ? 
   in eu you can acquire strategic resources in peacetime ( colonisation , diplo-vassalisation ) . 
  good examples are the spice trade in indonesia which brings huge wealth to the country or countries that control it . 
  you do n't usually do that , though . 
  it 's most of the civ game , whereas in eu4 , the typical way to acquire land is conquest . 
  you need special ideas for colonization , and diplo-vassalization and is very limited given the size and distance requirements , annexation even more so . 
  in civ you can settle land , build tile improvements , and tweak land allocation from the get-go . 
  the most similar mechanic in eu4 to what civ has is the building construction mechanic , but even for that you need rather large amounts of money before you can even think about doing it , whereas in civ you can always build , even if it will take obscene amounts of time . 
   in eu you manage your allies in peacetime , including even city states . 
  that is , one province countries declared free cities by the holy roman emperor . 
  diplomacy * is * more deep in eu4 than in civ , i already said that . 
  making allies with all the city-states is n't a realistic goal in eu4 , though , given the diplo relations limit . 
  not everyone plays as the emperor of the hre . 
   and you most certainly have a lot of religious politics to deal with , from the reformation , the counter reformation , heresies , the curia controller , defender of the faith and it all gears up to the catholic and protestant leagues . 
  again , not everyone plays catholic nations . 
  but it 's true that religious mechanics have more depth in eu4 than in civ . 
  they 're frequently a wartime mechanic , though . 
  you mentioned the leagues ? 
  that 's a war . 
  so is defender of the faith . 
  your point about the curia and reformation is fair , though . 
  but i do n't mean to say that civ peacetime mechanics are more complex than eu4 peacetime mechanics ( although i 'm not convinced it 's not true ) . 
  what i am saying is civ peacetime mechanics are a much more integral part of civ that you spend much more time thinking about than eu4 peacetime mechanics in eu4 . 
  if we were comparing settlers of catan to eu4 , one would n't say that there 's `` more to do during peacetime '' in eu4 than catan , despite the fact that on an absolute scale that 's probably true . 
  you literally can not go to war in catan , so the whole game is peacetime mechanics , and thus your argument is n't convincing . 
  similarly , civ is built much less around war than eu4 , so saying that there 's more to do during peacetime is disingenuous , unless you want to imply that you spend more time doing stuff in general in eu4 than in civ . 
  ah , is it ? 
  i always assumed you 'd have too much ae to make allies . 
  you can do it , i believe in you !, 
  just use clever composition and maneuvering to defeat them . 
   exploits do n't make you good at the game though , just good at using exploits . 
  exploits * are * the game . 
  they 're part of it . 
  but ddrjake 's also good at the game in general . 
  he knows what stats to value above others ; the do n'ts and nevers and alwayses of eu4 . 
  a beginner can learn a lot from him , too . 
  i know !, 
  unfortunately ( but fortunately for the people that live there ) the great enclave complex between india and bangladesh , which is one of the few to rival this one , has recently been destroyed and swapped to sane borders , making the baarle-nassau enclave complex even more exotic . 
  thank you for making this list and updating it as you get replies !, 
  i 'm throwing a party in about a week , and this will make a beautiful playlist . 
  do you think the [ `` campfire song song '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stbc2neernu ) from spongebob qualifies ? 
  who cares ? 
  it 's a game , it 's fun . 
  if you do n't want the rules to work that way , write better rules . 
  look at you , being the wet blanket !, 
  the flag of vendsyssel is `` used to some extent '' ? 
  the flag of bornholm is `` unofficial '' ? 
  where is denmark , in india ? 
  do you just not have flags ? 
  is n't your flag the * oldest in existence ? 
   they all smoke , they eat like hell , and they do n't care, 
  this is every town in italy . 
  i 've got a gui fetish !, 
  which is why i use emacs . 
  the gui is great . 
  bird points max out ( min out ? ), 
  no matter how many diplomatic relations you have , your mana wo n't go below -100 , and it will start to build up again once you cancel all the relations . 
  exactly this . 
  it would also probably fall victim to a bunch of succession crises . 
  you need a quote ? 
  welp , time to re-read homestuck again !, 
  and they all make this face !, 
   shows picture of the entire aegean archipelago, 
  `` yeah , it 's gon na be rhodes is n't it '', 
  - perm ( much easier with this patch ), 
  - yeren, 
  although champa and yeren get a fair amount of love . 
  but i do n't bother forming cing with yeren . 
  that would be betraying the shamanist roots of the yeren people !, 
  ( although `` yeren '' is questionable as an ethnicity . ), 
  instead i try to convert as many people as possible . 
  also it 'd be neat to one day take yerevan as yeren , but taking land is kind of pointless . 
  what 's that ? 
  i think that mission is more for the ai , so that it practices decent strategy . 
  yes , but you can tell without looking !, 
  i am not american and i do n't understand the comparison, 
  it seems most people in this thread do though, 
  you mean zaporozhye ? 
  they 're in this game ? 
  and sapmi,
