  i have nothing to check now . 
  well , you tried !, 
  til there 's a thing suchas black redditor, 
  yeah , i expected homestuck to be much more silly and gag-based from the onset . 
  i expected it to be sort of `` problem sleuth with kids in flash '' . 
  glad that it was n't a simple rehash . 
  how weird . 
  what timezone is this ? 
  gamzee is conservative ? 
  edit : okay , i admit it , that was a stretch . 
  that ... wow , yeah . 
  if we could turn this into a continuous probability density function , we could ... 
  i dunno ... use the model to calculate the ideal time to assign homework ? 
  statistics majors and sociology majors , help me out . 
  ( it looks like a simple sinusoid to me , maybe 90cos ( \u03c0x / 12 - 3\u03c0 / 24 ) + 90 to approximate . ), 
  you can message them if you want to donate any more than $ 5,000 . 
  that theory is pretty far-fectched , but another thing that comes to mind is that equius was n't god tier . 
  i mean , he could theoretically have gotten god tier without telling anyone ( in keeping with his voidy shit ) , but that 's unlikely because he would have at least told nepeta , and would have revived after gamzee killed him . 
  no , no : unemployed people * pay him * . 
  sometimes , simpler can be , uhhhh , more annoying , , , ,, 
  please dont kill me, 
  wwe can wwork this out, 
  for the record , i think this guy is joking . 
  i will now copy/paste his response every time that copypasta is copypasted . 
  i 'm not entirely pleased that he decided to tell us what a `` true friend '' is at all . 
  i thought that the point of the survey was partially to nail down a sort of definition . 
  the phrasing of the question is , i believe , mainly a way that he tries to relate to his audience . 
  the original intention was to poll high schoolers , and i do think that it is appropriate phrasing for the average american high schooler . 
  the amounts that you gave are what i 'm inclined to believe as well , but you would n't believe the ridiculous answers he 's gotten polling in person . 
  someone said 45 . 
  but i think he should 've left the definition up to the survey-taker . 
  if you ca n't get the actual number of true friends a person has , an equally interesting poll is how many true friends they * think * they have . 
  we saw his body hours after his death . 
  he was dead alright . 
  also , if he did revive , then why is he in that dream bubble ? 
  why would it be a just death ? 
  he was kind of a dick , but he tried to treat everyone respectfully and never hurt a soul . 
  hussie has stated multiple times that he knows that some trolls are more important than others . 
  `` let 's talk about major and minor characters . '', 
  `` there will never be a , say , nepetaquest 2011 . '', 
  ( the fans took it as a challenge , and there was . 
  and a 2012 , and they 're working on a 2013 . ), 
  the act 5 massacre was due in large part to hussie deciding he has way too many minor characters and needs to kill them off . 
  it looks like the thing that controls people through blood from the first doctor who episode with david tennant . 
  thanks !, 
  what do you suggest i culture , if at all ? 
  do you know of the nzxt h2 ? 
  mitx ... no thanks !, 
  / r/internetisbeautiful, 
  they 're slightly different , but tomato , tomato . 
  you 're still around ??????? 
  really great picture : love the pose !, 
  you sure must 've put some thought into that . 
  not sure how i feel about his legs . 
  but where 's the time symbol from his chest ? 
  well , bard quest did n't really end per se ... 
  i came in right before problem sleuth ended , so i was pretty hooked ( i loved all that crazy satirical physics shit ( satangelic hawking radiation , heheh ) , and how hussie pulled actual maths into the story ) . 
  i dedicated myself to keeping up with homestuck , because i expected it to be similar , but with ~ \\* $ % fl@sh%$\\*~ . 
  i 'm sort of glad hussie decided not to do the whole thing in flash . 
  that would 've sort of sucked . 
  but anyway , i just regarded it as another webcomic i read , with a cool plot . 
  i never really was interested in the forum drama or theories , until act 5 act 1 ended and i was like `` okay this is some pretty serious shit we appear to be dealing with here '' . 
  problem sleuth piled pointless mechanic on top of pointless mechanic , and that was what made it funny . 
  homestuck had various exploratory mechanics that were * consisent * , and that was what made it cool . 
  sure , i had theories and headcanons and things , but i was never inclined to share them because i did n't think much of them . 
  homestuck was just a comic , after all . 
  i dabbled in the submissions box back when it existed , but i was n't a fan of the whole gag-based submitting that won out over actual content . 
  plus , since i hardly ever visited the forums , i was n't aware what sorts of things the rest of the fandom was dying to know . 
  i did n't see why i should care so much : i had no motives or wishes or agendas , and i did n't like jokes . 
  then one day ( the day after descend came out ) i noticed how big the fandom had gotten , and i was like `` wow , this really is a thing now '' . 
  and that was when i started caring about homestuck a little bit more , accumulating throughout act 5 act 1 until its jawdropping end , after which i started trying to recommend homestuck to people because it was the best thing ever . 
  act 5 act 2 really felt like the big adventure that the now-huge but still niche fandom was going on together . 
  i still regard those as sort of the golden days . 
  that was when plot-critical secrets started mattering , and that was when i was emotionally involved in the story . 
  that was when hussie seemed * popular * , and newly so . 
  that was when the true plot seemed to come into gear : `` your objective is n't actually to win this session : it 's to escape/survive it . '', 
  granted , this specific thing was revealed back in act 4 , but act 5 act 2 was when the characters started actually taking steps towards escape , moving them ever closer to their objective . 
  and , to be honest , i did n't initially expect there to be an act 6 and act 7 : i thought that they 'd initiate the scratch , which would banish jack into the troll session , the trolls could somehow do something about themselves and join the humans or whatever , or kill jack , and then the story would be over . 
  not , `` we escaped , what do we do now ? 
  oh also two thirds of the trolls are dead or missing '' . 
  but clearly , it 's better this way . 
  sorry for rambling in an uncoordinated manner . 
  trying to describe personal impressions is hard . 
  i think it might be later in the year that april 13th , since hussie made it sound like it was a little * more than * a year when he made the announcement in ~ ~ june ~ ~ july or something . 
  like , after john : rise up . 
  and terezi `` accidentally '' killing dave ? 
  what meaning ? 
  i * have * played that . 
  it 's the one game that i play occasionally . 
  and you 're right , it meets the criteria damn well . 
  edit : except , well , once you 've lost you 've lost . 
  you can still burn the freakin ' world to the ground with it , though . 
  will i need to have played final fantasy xiii to understand the plot ? 
  wikipedia says it 's a `` direct sequel '' . 
  did you come up with that one ? 
  do you pay for the proxy ? 
  cool , never heard of it . 
  i always use proxify but it kinda sucks . 
  here 's hoping this one 's better !, 
  if it were dipole ( or provably n-pole , n being a constant integer ) , what would that tell us about the structure of the universe ?
