  i 'm very familiar with this game , but its origin is new to me . 
  i have to ask , then : why not just actually make the drive ? 
  it 's a lot more fun . 
  you might like this/have seen this :, 
  still too large a scale . 
  i 'm a household programmer , not a professional . 
  that 's a good idea though !, 
  is it your birthday today , too ? 
  happy birthday !, 
  not this again . 
  remember how horrific it was last time ? 
  people started creating several bots , and the some of the bots were n't as well-written as others : they replied to bots that replied to them that replied to bots that replied to them et cetera . 
  see [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/u6isz/my_wife_is_much_more_tactful_than_i_would_have/c4ssnhy ) monstrosity ( scroll down and open up the downvoted comments ) . 
  i 'm not worried about this bot directly perpetuating an infinite loop , but i am worried about it resulting in a trend , which * will * lead to that . 
  turn around . 
  someone needs to show her what bubble chamber images look like and how to read them . 
  i bet she 'd be fascinated by it . 
  ( also , i 'd totally buy any of her art . 
  alas , i currently need to hang on to my money . ), 
  ( not australian ; hungarian . 
  we have nettle , but that 's at least healthy . 
  i am aware that poison ivy is not an animal but a plant . ), 
  [ citation needed ], 
  they 're like boulders that * wander around * . 
  what , you think that you 're smarter than anyone else ? 
  go collect some information firsthand with a survey or something , and decide based on that . 
  or there 's probably already been surveys about this ; go look one up and see what it says . 
  ( unless you 've already done one of those things , in which case the phrase `` feel like '' is inappropriate . 
  stick up for what you know ! ), 
  i dunno , i usually assume that people talk to whoever/whatever they are facing . 
  but it does n't . 
  you actually have to clear the cookies for that . 
  my mother was born in a hungarian village , and grew up in an apartment in a hungarian city with a very conservative-valued father . 
  she moved to the us before i was born , but she seems to still be acclimating even now , ever so slowly . 
  i doubt that she knew that i even so much as masturbated as a high schooler . 
  she 's probably an outlier as a parent , though . 
  i am a `` domestic '' coder who only knows computing for personal purposes , using languages like c , python , perl , and lisp , but even * i * can see what 's wrong with that . 
  i am migrating to berkely next winter . 
  alas , not close enough !, 
  * invented, 
  math is a tool we use on stuff , not a thing that 's already out there . 
  we do discover consequences of the mathematical rules we create , but 0 is an extension of those rules , not a consequence . 
  ( inb4 someone tells me it 's a philosophical problem with multiple perspectives ), 
  the point is that netiher caught on . 
  i do n't remember ever not knowing them , and now i 'm confused how i learned them in the first place , given the amount of people in this thread who do n't know them . 
  i guess i got lucky ? 
  relatedly , i 've recently discovered that most people do n't know the greek alphabet , despite it looking very similar to the latin alphabet . 
  alas , i do n't speak esperanto , or any romance language , so no . 
  i recognize `` infana '' and `` pornografio '' . 
  i thought of using markdown , but what i hate about it is that it does n't have any indentation levels . 
  i wrote this specifically because i was annoyed at having to type out the header and \\ end { document } every time , and because switching nesting levels was very hard . 
  now i can easily do both those things !, 
  i do n't know how many people have the same objectives as me , but i thought i 'd share it anyway , just in case . 
  my mother was very consistent . 
  she hated video games very dearly , and also did n't watch any tv . 
  that 's strange . 
  i 've tried that before , and it did n't work . 
  thank you for showing me !, 
  there was a guy in the back bringing the catapult up . 
  the trajectory of the tv is parabolic , and its speed looks uniform to me . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  i am migrating to berkely for the winter through next july this year . 
  i have to know , is it equally as foggy there ? 
  it 's always either that or a random bit of useless trivia . 
  or both . 
  / r/todayilearned sucks . 
  ( i got here from / r/all . ), 
   did die due, 
  the edit distance between each consecutive word is exactly 1 . 
  i 'm sure this has a greek name or something made mostly out of consonants . 
  ( it 's similar to tmesis , but that 's an edit distance of 0 , not 1 . ), 
  not an error , just cool . 
  really , it 's [ levenshtein distance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/levenshtein_distance ) . 
  try mutating one word into the other , one letter at a time . 
  add 1 every time you replace a letter , add 1 every time you add a letter , and add 1 every time you delete a letter . 
  you 're not allowed to change the order of the words . 
  your sum is the levenshtein distance between the two words . 
  edit distance is similar , but if you want to be pedantic about it , it does n't allow replacements , so you have to add and delete a letter for a cost of 2 . 
  read the wikipedia article for more info . 
  i dunno , the pitbull that killed my dog was always kept chained up in the backyard , and gnawed itself free one day to jump the fence to bite the little guy 's neck . 
  i do n't think it was defending its owner . 
  then i 'd always select 0 and spend my time doing more useful things , or more entertaining things . 
  of course . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  that dog probably hated its owner , if it understood that the guy was responsible at all for its terrible existence . 
  that would be almost impossible with cardstack , would n't it ? 
  i am a student . 
  i bought mathematica 9 for $ 120 for christmas for myself . 
  no , just illegaler . 
  as much as i do n't like the guy , i can see where he 's coming from here . 
  i thought the same thing back when myspace became a thing . 
  i 've `` embraced '' the change , now , though . 
  this guy 's a little behind !, 
  is there anything similar for vi ? 
  it looks great . 
  liechtenberg trees arise from a path-of-least-resistance , though , do n't they ? 
  thank you for your sympathy . 
  although , i would like to say that my opinion of the breed as a whole did n't exactly improve after that incident , however much those dogs may have had a unique psychological excuse . 
  office jobs are n't * that * terrible . 
  you get money , for one thing .
