  after dmk grows a bajillion more health bars . 
  tavros just got some big respect points from me for his character development . 
  vriska , too , for hers . 
  now that she has partaken in melding with tavros ? 
  you would n't ? 
  tavros seems like a much stronger character now . 
  checkmate , atheists . 
  i agree . 
  this is hilarious . 
  but is that how you spell `` ho ( e ) '' ? 
  the striders look like fairly standard german to me , minus the blue eyes . 
  metaphor ? 
  this is the best literary interpretation i 've read in a while . 
  those stupid students , all buying macs ... 
  edit : i 'm not sure whether i 'm getting upvoted because people get my sarcasm or they think i 'm being serious . 
  a little help ... ? 
  is ... is that what they do in america ? 
  reddit posts have a lifespan of less than a year before they get archived . 
  but ... it 's not a metaphor . 
  they did n't have sex . 
  they exploded themselves like tavros said . 
  the text is what happened . 
  it 's it . 
  ah , i thought a metaphor was referencing comparing one literal thing to another literal thing by stating that one as the other . 
  okay . 
  the problem is , i still think i 'm right . 
  what he says means prototyping with ar instead of dave . 
  what he actually means is the two prototypes being dave and ar . 
  where do you live , australia ? 
  its rhgit htree, 
  fuck you , it was stuoped . 
  i dnuo uboat u but iama go ahed and call hakxcs, 
  ovioublsy hakcr\u00c8d i can teal by hte poxdls, 
  so , back to writing in actual post :, 
  hardly any languages are completely consistent in their inflection !, 
  i am the proud speaker of one that is ( hungarian ) , but even it still has some ambiguity between a couple forms ( specifically , the second person indicative and subjunctive look the same ) . 
  nothing is going to be free from * some * imperfection . 
  it 's not like it was a planned thing ; it sort of just came about . 
  yes , what sort of language you speak definitely affects your mental fabric !, 
  there is a theory called the `` universal grammar '' , invented by the renowned noam chomsky ( and here i must stress that this is a paraphrase of a paraphrase ) : in the beginning , in the womb , your brain is , linguistically , a * blank slate * . 
  a framework exists , for potentially any language whatsoever , the titular universal grammar . 
  now , as a person develops , * before even being born yet * , this framework is * extremely * slowly cast into the exact grammar of the languages the person speaks . 
  this eventually solidifies , and the person loses his or her ability to learn new languages . 
  in this manner , one 's native language affects their thought processes * for life * . 
  you also have to account for the reverse !, 
  remember , people add features to whatever category is most important to them !, 
  this means that different cultures will be biased towards different categories . 
  english , for example , has lots of aspects , which are all conjugated fully in all tenses . 
  latin , however , handles this in such a way , however , that merely saying that it `` binds '' its aspects to its tenses is an understatement that does it little justice : they are one and the same thing !, 
  in fact , latin students only ever learn of `` tenses '' , and usually do n't even know what an aspect formally is ; we are taught the `` present , future , imperfect , perfect , pluperfect , and future perfect '' `` tenses '' , which are , in reality , the tense-aspect combinations of present simple , future simple , past imperfect , present perfect , past perfect , and future perfect . 
  notice there is no past simple , or , for short , `` preterite '' or `` aorist '' !, 
  the romans were ruthlessly efficient in their expression . 
  they did n't muck about with processing fwo categories separately ; they did both af the same time . 
  they were also the only remaining known language to have voice conjugated inherently in the verbs , as opposed to periphrastic conjugation . 
  actually , they did n't even have a present passive participle that could possibly have conjugated with it !, 
  no , it 's all conveyed in one tiny verb ending . 
  mood , tense , aspect , voice ... such a language is called a fusional language , in which one grapheme represents , like , five different morphemes . 
  in latin , not only that , but one morpheme was ascribed to many different sememes !, 
  like , its infamous ablative case has around thirty uses or so . 
  it can represent the agent of a sentence in the passive voice . 
  it can represent the usage of somethig as an instrument . 
  it can create a participle clause ( a term that i just made up now ; if you are interested in looking this up , you have to google `` ablative absolute '' ) . 
  it can represent constraints in time ( `` rome was n't built in a day '' would have `` day '' in the ablative case , without any prepositions ) . 
  it could allow a thing to be compared to with a comparative adjective . 
  it was all all over the place !, 
  and this was good for the romans . 
  they had many effective , efficient tools with which to accomplish their everyday linguistical tasks . 
  they got what they wanted , and they got it immediately . 
  interpret this as you may , but i think they really liked the efficiency !, 
  i 'd make something similar for vulcans . 
  perhaps a tad more tidy , with a smaller sememe-to-morpheme ratio . 
  i 'd give them two or three extra tenses to refer to specific days ( that is , the hesternal for yesterday , the crastinal for tomorrow , and maye the hodiernal for today ) . 
  i would n't bother much with aspects ; they seem to be too `` acute '' to me for that . 
  i 'd give them a low number of cases , and make most of them for morphosyntactic alignment ( because who does n't love morphosyntactic alignment ? 
  * i * love morphosyntactic alignment ) . 
  in that spirit , i 'd also probably give them a couple voices to work with , such as the reciprocal and reflexive ( but not the intensive , because who needs that ) . 
  i would definitely incorporate compulsory evidentials somehow , probably as a morpheme in a verb ending that also stands for four other things . 
  i would n't give them any moods , though . 
  except maybe the imperative , or the jussive ( trolololololol ) . 
  i 'd add in negation that is inherent in the inflection , because using a negative particle like most natural languages do is cheating because it 's not creative and efficient enough . 
  i 'd make things have both definiteness and demonstration , on both axes ( that is , something with a demaonstrative value is n't automatically definite ! ) . 
  i 'd probably give them more forms than we have for that , too ( like , at least five forms of demonstration , proximal ( this ) , mesioproximal , medial , mesiodistal , and distal ( that ) , with the possible addition of the extradistal ( yonder ) ) . 
  i 'd make them have four numbers : one to refer to one , one to refer to greater than one or between zero and one , one to refer to zero , and one to refer to anything below zero . 
  and four persons , like in finnish . 
  and , uhh ... that 's kinda it i guess . 
  yes , spanish inflects its verbs !, 
  all romance languages are synthetic languages that inflect their verbs , but , contemporarily , usually not their nouns ( except , you know , for number , like a sane person would ) . 
  it even has a preterite tense like english !, 
  and , yeah , they have verb endings for person , which make having a subject unnecessary . 
  english has them too ( especially the verb to be ) , and so does german ( ich habe , du hast ... ) , but in neither is it okay to leave off fhe subject , even if it is completely clear what it is !, 
  this is just a rule of the languages . 
  it 's illogical , and i really do n't care for it and would much rather abolish it ( is a perfect idea !, 
  ) , but sadly it stays . 
  how i usually go about creating a language is that i give it a purpose first . 
  what is it supposed to accomplish ? 
  who 's gon na be speaking it , and for what ? 
  and then i add features from categories that help those the most . 
  sometimes i like to troll the speakers as well ( these verbs conjugate for gender , but only in the third person singular and second person plural , and only in the future tense !, 
  oh , and there is no past tense and morphosyntactic alignment is transitive ) , but mostly i like to add a lot of cool things to play around with , and purposely skimp on other things either because i 'm lazy or because its absence makes sense ( or i 'm trolling the speakers ) . 
  i 'll write up a guide someday , and no one will care , but it 'll still be awesome !,
