  i 'm hoping everyone turns pansexual and that 'll be that . 
  the apngs still do n't work in the bg , though . 
  the reddit logo one does work . 
  i have the extension . 
  read this comment backwards . 
  also , hussie said that the one time he genuinely thought that he might have to quit homestuck and become a hermit was when he was looking for hosting options for cascade . 
  the dave ? 
  [  six hours ] ( / 4chan ), 
  well duh , of course it was . 
  * something * had to create a1 . 
  and it 's been stated , too . 
  the fabled 48-player squiddle session . 
  and contrary to what anybody might have you believe , there 's no proof whatsoever that these `` squiddles '' were the horrorterrors , or anything else . 
  we know that it had 48 players and that 's it . 
  the actual squiddles show is a cry for help from the horrorterrors . 
  that is a canon fact . 
  also , when he drew that sbhj chessboard ? 
  the knight was the largest piece . 
  the joke takes place on the surface of a toroid , not a plane ; it can cross the line multiple times without turning back, 
  the joke is defined parametrically for any behavior ; this is not a real complaint , since parametrically-defined curves can still have asymptotes, 
  like a logarithm or square root ? 
  i must have a shitty computer or something , then . 
  holy shit , a / r/technology thread that is n't about internet freedom , * and * contains a very worthwhile and interesting article . 
  congratulations all around !, 
  statistically speaking ? 
  elaborate . 
  relatedly , where can i buy top-of-the-line linux laptops ? 
  newegg only sells laptops with windows on them , and they cost too much . 
  idgi . 
  pls explain . 
  well , he 's not going to personally cure cancer . 
  but he might fund labs researching cancer cures . 
  * ( cough ) *, 
  why did n't you guys use anaglyph , or [ stereoscopes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stereoscopy ) ? 
  i can imagine the books coming packaged with a deck of cards , except the cards were all for stereoscopes . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i only wanted one so that i do n't have to deal with the dumb windows key on the keyboard , and i assumed it was cheaper because it comes with a free operating system instead of an expensive ( and proprietary ) one . 
  i guess then i 'll default to partitioning . 
  thank you !, 
  only in the winter . 
  and that 's actually a really common thing . 
  `` in nature '' here has to specifically refer to earth . 
  you can commission places to get built for you , if you have the money . 
  i do n't think lottery money would be enough for that , but it 's not like you ca n't . 
  explain , instead of providing a completely decontextualized scare gif . 
  well , but that 's what we expect of people , to go through that . 
  love is supposed to be a transcendent emotion . 
  if you * do n't * go through all that , then either there 's something wrong with the definition of love , or it 's not love . 
  or we 're judging too harshly . 
  i 'm using the machine for everything ever , so a chromebook is n't going to cut it processing power-wise . 
  i 'm looking for something more along the lines of [ this amazing deal , too bad i do n't have the money for even that ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16834310628 ) . 
  also the intuos6 , whenever it comes out . 
  it qualifies about as much as a fire does . 
  the difference is only that the fire is a chemical reaction incited by people , whereas the thermonuclear explosion is a nuclear reaction incited by people . 
  if you left it in a forest , and then a forest fire destroyed it at random , that 's nature 's work destroying it by fire . 
  and if you released it into the sun to burn up , that 's nature 's work destroying it by ... well , combustion due to heat , but the energy comes from a nuclear reaction . 
  actually , releasing it into the sun is very similar to releasing it into a river . 
  i made up my mind at age 8 that i was never ever going to use a teleporter , if they were invented by any means other than ( impossible ) direct warping of space . 
  i still have n't changed my mind . 
  is n't that what art is for ? 
  self-expression ? 
  i mean , as one of its uses . 
  well , if you think that people should be nice to each other , then that 's what . 
  you make a person feel negative feelings by offending them . 
  that 's wrong . 
  ( unless you do n't think that making people feel negative feelings is wrong , in which case you can ignore me . ), 
  my personal opinion is that andrew has more depth than horuss , which makes him a better troll . 
  prescriptivism and descriptivism are not `` basic linguistics '' , they are arbitrary linguistic philosophies . 
  here is my semi-prescriptivist take on the matter : some natural changes to language are `` bad '' in the sense that they make it more ambiguous , more easily misunderstood . 
  now , either we can let these changes become part of the language , which is a valid action , or fight them , not for the sake of the language not changing , but for the sake of making it more usable . 
  languages are n't just art pieces , they are real tools , used for communication between people . 
  you want to optimize your tools . 
  so when when you notice a bad change , you want to reverse it . 
  it usually does n't work , but there 's no rule against trying . 
  but it 's not like anyone 's going to immediately reply to you with a copypasta . 
  why is it not okay if it 's obviously in jest ? 
  nobody would ever take scottybrown 's post the wrong way . 
  ( in this sub , anyway . ), 
  us guy here . 
  i feel like i 've learned this usage before once , but i didi n't remember it now . 
  ( though google is n't really the best way to verify spelling , because they misspelled `` fuchsia '' in the automatic corrector as `` fuschia '' once ), 
  so , should i interpret this at face value , or are you saying that bladekindeyewear has made up this theory already ? 
  never underestimate the power of surprise . 
  it 's still plausible . 
  * orange, 
  depends on your threshold for `` plausible '' . 
  i 'd say that `` plausible '' is p  0.1 . 
  [ ] ( / caucasian ), 
  would n't carrying a guitar make you a bard ? 
  time player , then . 
  so far , only time players have carried instruments . 
  i 'll bet he also believes that they should n't be driving cars , or holding full-time jobs . 
  oh my god i thought that was a couch . 
  how terrible !, 
  every time there 's snow , someone posts a picture like this . 
  but she does n't carry it around . 
  rose also has a violin , and john had a piano . 
  but only dave carried his turntables around everywhere . 
  you know , that kid looks like a really nice guy . 
  i 'd totally hang out with him .
