  [ actually , it 's because cameras use non-magnetic storage !, 
  no need to tell them that , though . ], 
  now , i 've got this small machine , that , besides having a very tiny version of one of those cameras and a small version of one of those disks built into it [ actually the device i 'm thinking of has an ssd , but earlier versions used to have hdds !, 
  they were tiny and adorable ] , also has what 's called a `` processor '' . 
  it 's a very complicated piece of circuitry , but essentially , it reads bits off of the disk , usually eight at a time but sometimes more , and interprets them as instructions . 
  these instructions can say things like `` compute the sum of these numbers '' , or `` change these eight bits to this sequence '' , or `` jump forward this many bits '' , or other things . 
  it actually works entirely by having little wires engraved inside of it that makes electricity flow around in patterns , and it can control the reading and writing implement on the disk that way . 
  it 's a little surprising , but maybe a bit less so when you learn that the electricity travels in short bursts , not continuously , so once electricity is downstream it can loop back and interfere with some coming upstream . 
  whatever , let 's not get too into it . 
  if you want to know how it works exactly , i 'm available all day . 
  one of the instructions you can tell the processor is to activate little lights on the face of the device . 
  these lights are really tiny , but they form a mosaic grid the same way everything else having to do with pictures in the device does . 
  the grid , which we call a `` screen '' , is actually subdivided into red , green , and blue lights , a trio of which forms a single dot that we call a `` pixel '' . 
  one light is called a `` subpixel '' . 
  anyway , it 's got a grid of these pixels , and the processor can read off the colors from the pictures stored on the disk , and tell the screen to turn the same colors as it read off the disk . 
  the disk has space for many pictures on it , so i can take many pictures and call them forth again whenever i like !, 
  i 've also got a device that can put the pictures onto paper , though , so i can make the pictures bigger sizes . 
  this device can do many other things , though . 
  it can compute numbers , and it can record and play back sound in a manner similar to a gramophone , and it can also record and show me text . 
  i 've got lots of text on it !, 
  it 's got a picture for every letter on it , so when it shows me the text , for each letter it puts the picture for it on the screen , one after the other , until i have all the text . 
  and yes , the way that i interact with it is that the screen is sensitive to my touch . 
  under the screen is a thin sheet of metal with electricity running through it , which makes a small magnetic field . 
  when i touch the screen , it changes the shape of the magnetic field , which changes the flow of electricity in the sheet of metal , and the flow is sent to the processor , telling it where i touched the screen . 
  [ technically it 's sent to a different processor first , but whatever . ], 
  i can touch different places for different effects : for example , right now it 's showing me a picture of the keys on a typewriter , and i can touch the parts where the different keys are to write different letters to the disk , similar to the typewriter . 
  yes , it 's really small . 
  i type on it with my two pointer fingers . 
  i can actually type on it quite fast !, 
  [ the letters are recorded in the ram , not the hard drive , actually , but ram is slightly too complicated to explain . ], 
  the most amazing thing it can do , though , is that my world is flooded with a form of ( relatively ) very low-frequency light , called radio waves . 
  this device can both pick up and transmit radio waves !, 
  you can store information in radio waves the same way you can on the disk : it listens on two frequencies , and if it gets a blip on one , then it 's a 0 , and if it 's the other one , then it 's a 1 . 
  [ it 's actually a great deal more complicated than that . ], 
  as it listens , it can record these to the disk to interpret . 
  we have towers all over the place that also pick up and transmit radio waves , but they are similar to posthouses in that they do n't do anything to the information , just send it to people you want to send it to . 
  we have devices called `` servers '' that are like mine but bigger that everybody can access through the radio towers and devices like mine , and we can put information on them , like pictures , so that many people can look at the information at once . 
  we have very large amounts of these servers at once . 
  we call them , together , the internet . 
  we have a set of servers dedicated specifically to discussing pictures and text and things that are elsewhere on the internet , which we call reddit . 
  actually , we have a picture of you on reddit !, 
  we wrote the picture of you onto a disk , and transmitted it to reddit . 
  we basically just took a picture of your picture using one of the electric cameras i mentioned , except it was a kind made specifically for pictures on paper and film that takes them in one scanline at a time . 
  many people browsing reddit liked it and wrote good things about it !, 
  [ yes , i simplified it a lot . 
  still , it 's not so bad for an introduction to computers , digital pictures , and the internet , right ? ], 
  edit : shoot , i just realized : nobody 's ever gon na see this comment !, 
  oh well , it was fun anyway . 
  edit 2 : 60 . 
  the babylonians counted in base 60 . 
  not 64 . 
  edit 3 : holy shit guys wow, 
  actually , that 's a pretty good idea , to put it on menus . 
  then you can click on the hashtags and find dishes they serve under the same hashtag . 
  ( this is , of course , assuming the menus are computerized . ), 
  when is that from ? 
  it looks painfully humiliating . 
  well , duh , but who is it , from where ? 
  what level of event is it ? 
  what year ? 
  it does n't work !, 
  : o i 'd expected it to sound much more like an innuendo , especially since the phrases are cherry-picked . 
  but no , we get to hear about wangs made of willow . 
  this has dispelled any illusions i 've had of wands being a funny sexual innuendo in hp . 
  is any ruler ever * not * a penis ruler ? 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll look it up and report . 
  edit : [ stephan feck ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephan_feck ), 
  where do you live ? 
  alaska ? 
  um , right up until the very last part of your sentence , i thought you were going to say that this was not a good teacher at all !, 
  this person seems too silly/sarcastic to teach effectively !, 
  by the way , do you know what his nationality was ? 
  i am hungarian , and there are a lot of hungarian teachers ( especially mathematics , but also physics ) , most with accents , so i would not be surprised to find out that this person is hungarian . 
  geez , calling people `` angry , overly pedantic , fucktards '' is definitely a way to sound angry at least , if not what i would characterize as a `` fucktard '' . 
  while it 's good if you have fun , i do n't think the effectiveness of programming is directly correlated with the amount of fun you are having doing it . 
  for example , i have fun when i play mario kart , but god am i awful at it . 
  i do n't see why programming would be an exception to this . 
  those are what are known as `` galls '' iirc . 
  they have insects gestating in them . 
  lots of different insects can do this . 
  where are you ? 
  ^ ( it took multiple minutes to load , and i 'm so proud of myself because i was able to guess what it was in advance ! ), 
  graduate level . 
  what websites , could you give me an example ? 
  i 've found a few papers but they are short and not so helpful . 
  i know , i saw those in a museum in california !, 
  they were so cute , i wanted to stroke them or something . 
  ( the covers were off , so you could see the plate itself . ), 
  actually , it was more a display of procrastination and slacking off !, 
  but thank you . 
  this person seems * too * silly , though . 
  i occasionally make small jokes when i teach , but this seems outright distracting , and even a little corny . 
  i would have had difficulty paying attention in this person 's class . 
  he 's saying he found a shortcut . 
  did you set your max persistent debris to the thousands , first ? 
  retroactive continuity . 
  it 's when a writer for a long-running story retroactively explains something that happened earlier . 
  not practical ? 
  why ?
