  you clearly have to know how to make craft and a ton of orbital mechanics for this . 
  also , i am jealous of the privileged master-race who have the green indicator for their target . 
  `` tai 's shapes '', 
  on one hand , you do n't have to know much math to be in medicine . 
  on the other hand ... really ? 
  she hardly really even invented calculus . 
  she could have at least provided a framework for analytical integration . 
  although , both bourbon and dry erase marker are mostly alcohols . 
  edit : and coffee aroma is a complex mix of many chemicals , at least one of which is probably similar to that which gives romaine lettuce its aroma ( probably a terpene ? 
  that explosion is clearly computer-generated . 
  if i were a mod i 'd yellow card you . 
  ( but otherwise wow this is a great comic ), 
  huge amounts of solar panels are like an altar to the kraken . 
  sorry , but that satellite 's a goner . 
  mine is : install ksp -  master spaceflight, 
  i still have n't gotten to the second node . 
  / r/math, 
  what is the one with the three crescents ? 
  good god !, 
  how did you get it do do that ? 
  you might want to invest in kevlar gloves , then . 
  i know mine are useful !, 
  ( for handling burning logs , but whatever ), 
  they work fine for me !, 
  i bought them specifically so that i do n't burn my hands when dealing with my fireplace . 
  i cut the label off . 
  :\\ i do n't intend to wash them . 
  edit : on closer inspection , it looks like there was never a label in the first place . 
  they 're lincoln electric welding gloves , but i do n't see any kevlar ones on their site , only leather ones . 
  that does n't explain * anything . 
  he might be reentering ( although that aerospike and jet fuel looks suspicious ), 
  you might have luck putting an ion drive on that for max dv, 
  it tastes awesome , what are you talking about ? 
  it 's my favorite kind of `` chocolate '' , besides solid peanut butter . 
   anything that causes my guy to fall sloooooooowly to the ground , and then lie there for a while , and then sloooooooowly get back up again . 
  ugh , so much rage . 
  this is incredibly annoying in kerbal space program , but the `` get back up '' part can be exploited to briefly lift heavy objects , by landing under them and having the kerbal get back up , which it does with infinite inertia . 
  but / u / - edgar - was n't the one who was annoyed with whining . 
  it was / u/shanerunninshirtless . 
  you should make sweden accidentally cut himself , and that be what activates anschluss mode . 
  finally , we can stop posting those maps to / r/linguistics . 
  `` temple '' comes from `` templum '' , meaning `` temple '' . 
  inb4 `` hey !, 
  who turned out the lights ? '', 
  or something about the vashta nerada, 
  how did you guys do this ? 
  they 're in different categories . 
  damn . 
  i did n't read the comment thread , because i was tired . 
  if croatia is not lawful good , who is ? 
  i ca n't actually think of anyone . 
  not * all . 
  * \u00c5land , iceland , and the kalmar union have excellent flags . 
  i 'd have russia be chaotic neutral . 
  but i 'd also have ukraine be chaotic neutral . 
  mind if i do a comic based on this one ? 
  only partly parody . 
  darn , you started at the end . 
  or does it dry up ? 
  or does it overflow ? 
  or does it evaporate ? 
  or does the sodium acetate start crystallizing on the outside ? 
  i was thinking , no governor can be fatter than chris christie . 
  but then i realized that we were talking about the us . 
  and then i realized that your governor is chris christie anyway . 
  that will wear them out , wo n't it ? 
  i mean , it 's supposed to be a ( physical ) reaction you can get to happen an indefinite amount of times , but the inside of the pad gets scratched and stuff , providing nucleation sites . 
  ^ ( ( but i was referring to `` a dream deferred '' by langston hughes ) ^ ), 
  no , he means that cell division is like sex , and it 's the person whose birthday it is that gets the sex , ergo should n't the dividing cell be the one whose birthday it is ? 
  biomedical engineer here , can confirm directed evolution is a valuable tool in my dep 's arsenal, 
  i am into noam chomsky but because of his linguistic theories not his political ones . 
  does that count ? 
  the people who are serious usually end up wearing suits and ties to important meetings . 
  the ones who are n't usually end up as the historians . 
  oh man you have no idea how well i 've got solving the world 's problems worked out . 
  build nanomachines using proteins, 
  replace human body with high-endurance , reconfigurable nanosystems, 
  no more death , hunger , or disease, 
  damn , rumbled, 
  i wish the gif would n't write those words at the end . 
  it ruins the joke . 
   some people would worry about grey goo . 
  you 'd need to try really , really hard to make a nanomachine actually capable of infiltrating a significant fraction of the planet , and earth is mostly ionic compounds and metals anyway , pretty useless for making nanosystems out of . 
  and anyway , that 's like telling ernest rutherford that some people might worry about atom bombs . 
  i 'm a protein engineer , i make ridiculously slippery proteins in mostly vain hopes of getting them to make better but not omnipotent machines that might treat health conditions if i 'm lucky . 
   the ship of theseus paradox : did you just kill the person ? 
  nope . 
   if no death , then no population control or catastrophe through overpopulation . 
  said humans would not be able to reproduce unless they explicitly tried to construct a human , and would be extremely easy to ship to space , since you only need to reduce the body to a tiny brain , which now only requires a small energy input ( which you can supply electrically ) and whose function may be suspended for a trip . 
  this is not to even mention the ways in which nanotechnology can potentially improve rocket science . 
  if people do n't like going to space , we can make space a fun place to be , using nanotechnology . 
  ( i know a potential project of mine would be to first thoroughly scour titan for life , and then if i do n't find any , try creating some that can survive there . ), 
  there would be other problems , for example how to replace the bodies of pregnant people , and what to do about people that still like food , and about people that still want children , and how to mitigate crime in a society where suddenly everybody is superpowerful , but those are all far less important than making people not die in the first place . 
  ( and anyway , the whole post was tongue-in-cheek , i do not seriously expect to achieve these goals just by being a grad student , nor would i expect it to be this simple ), 
  not if it 's built out of nanocircuits powered by whatever system you 've invented for transferring energy in nanosystems . 
  ( drexler has some simple ideas for this ), 
  thanks !, 
  or even any calculus . 
  how are you supposed to solve differential equations without the analytical extensions of functions ? 
  i thought i was in / r/labrats for a second .
