  i could not be able to do that sort of consistency . 
  he still got me pretty good . 
  [ this guy , right here . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/127uer/giving_candy_to_kids/c6t0j8s ) the everyday misandry that occurs is just too unbearable . 
  i know that i 'm going to be replacing carapacians with felt-type entities . 
  do n't know exactly about consorts yet !, 
  just today i was thinking about ways to make hymns and prayers more relevant to current scientific knowledge . 
  this is a beautiful implementation of it . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  but of course , we 're above that here . 
  all of reddit coexists in harmony . 
  things that close to it do n't really matter pixels-wise ; all they do is dim the picture , which is bad but not really bad . 
  what you have to worry about is nano-scale disturbances in the mirror 's shape : nanoscopic scratches , bulges , anything like that . 
  if it 's a concave scratch , then that means you have to shave the rest of the mirror down to that level , which is a pain in the ass . 
  i 'll post it in this subreddit once i 'm done with chapters 1 through 3 . 
  chapter 1 would seem completely irrelevant to the point , chapter 2 might make you understand how you get to it , and chapter 3 is when it finally hits . 
  i 'm done with chapter 1 , and i have a pdf of it , but , like i said , it 's pretty much completely irrelevant , so ... okay , i 'll post it , but let me fix a couple typographical errors . 
  edit : [ keep in mind that what you are looking at is the lead-in to the lead-in !, 
  ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/s/3mz4bzzx29ql4vp/uptime.pdf ), 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a real self esteem boost for me . 
  \\ ^ u ^ as well as motivation to finish the next two !, 
  the difference is that you 're forcing them to do so , not asking them . 
  i actually agree with you . 
  although i do n't support abortion ( only birth control ) . 
  it 's like saying , fuck you , i 'm not buying you any immunization shots . 
  i know , just i do n't think we have a right to say that they are `` cute '' if we suffer from the same problems . 
  that 's hypocrisy . 
  okay . 
  you 're hypocritical if you 've participated in this activity relatively recently , but otherwise you 're good . 
  no ; i 'm just accounting for character development . 
  ... okay , i looked in your history . 
  c\u0308 but only for a few seconds . 
  the key is to realize that no one really cares . 
  a lot of other subreddits would definitely beg to differ, 
  i 'm sure most of the pony-related ones would like a word, 
  not that i represent them, 
  or even visit them, 
  there 's a hurricane where i am , so i wo n't have to hand in my homework tomorrow because they cancelled school . 
  they 'll probably cancel school the next day , too . 
  i 'm being a little lazy and postponing some of the homework that was supposed to be due tomorrow for tomorrow . 
  what holdiay ? 
  that 's too exciting . 
  a photon 's momentum is defined differently than a massy object 's momentum . 
  while it may normally be p = mv , here it 's h / \u03bb , or all the other equations invertion gave . 
  i am in your camp . 
  also , i knew this since the flash came out ( look at me , i 'm so special !, 
  ) , so i 'm all `` okay '' . 
  you and me both . 
  i do n't know whether it 'll be the egbert-harleys that arrive first , though , or the rest . 
  yeah , this happens every year . 
  i mean fuck if it is n't really uncommon for hurricanes to go up this far north , but that 's still only like 10-20 years-uncommon . 
  i am so glad that i do n't live that close to the coast . 
  ( i 'm still getting totally hammered , though . ), 
  `` lick '' was a subtle cat pun in case you did n't catch it . 
  way too many zeroes on there . 
  actually that 's exactly what i 'm doing right now !, 
  in the middle of a fucking hurricane , too . 
  wow !, 
  you look exactly like i 've always pictured you . 
  wow , that house just screams `` i need attention '' . 
  gah , the irony is up to my waist now ... 
  hey , at least sandy would show up in that picture . 
  who * is * that ? 
  this is a half joke, 
  thank you !, 
  okay , but ... is n't it ... shallow ? 
  i mean , it 's okay for children ; children are shallow and they have the right to be shallow . 
  but imagine if you were a grown man visiting a black friend you have n't seen in a long time , and you were like , `` i brought you chocolates because they match the color of your skin . '', 
  or your friend was introducing you to his black friend , and you said `` i brought you chocolates because they match the color of your skin . '', 
  it 's not racism , and it 's fine for children to do , but heaven help you if you are a rational adult and your perception of someone is based on their skin color . 
  but , you 're white ... :(, 
  bioe represent !, 
  i once spent a week in a stellar observatory wearing sunglasses . 
  probably because the stars were a zillion times brighter . 
  i was reading this on my phone , and it took me a while to understand that by `` 10122 '' you meant `` 10000000000000000000000 times googol '' . 
  holy shit . 
  you make a very lifelike vriska !, 
  i was going to cosplay as lord english for the holiday , but then hurricane sandy happened and i still do n't have power . 
  what specifically did he post ? 
  wow . 
  thank you so much !, 
  i was already somewhat on my way to [ figuring it out myself ] ( http://imgur.com/r53mc.jpg ) ( without internet or electricity , moreover !, 
  i made the mistake of forgetting that it was inversely proportional , though ) , but i was really counting on you !, 
  a note , though : antares ca n't attract the sphere , because then it would repel the earth . 
  what we can play with is electromagnetism , that is , its strength and effect over distance . 
  huh . 
  any other examples ? 
  but i mean , other things that scared him that he wrote about . 
  ( but wow , that list !, 
  agreed . 
  i had breakfast at 4 pm today . 
  anyone want to take it up with me ? 
  sorry , i mean how much energy a photon carries . 
  is n't it somehow relevant ? 
  like , how can we play with the temperature vs. distance curve to make it so that it takes a particular amount of time for the penguin to fry , but earth maintains a particular temperature ? 
  i 'm open to anything of the form `` temperature goes down with distance to the nth power , where n is a real number '' . 
  ah , science fiction !, 
  you 've guessed it . 
  good night !,
