  what are your period political opinions and why ? 
  what are your opinions about modern political issues ? 
  would you like to buy my old iphone ? 
  if you do find a way to get back , i have an ipad with over 5,000 different college textbooks on it , could you please bring them back with you and show people at places of learning how to use them ? 
  i like how it 's alphabetized . 
  well , anarchy would create a power vacuum , so if it would still be possible to mobilize an army or movement/brigade , then however you created an anarchy , it would n't be an anarchy for very long . 
  either you have to make nearly everyone in america to believe that anarchy is the best form of government available , or to somehow chronically cut off its internet and physically destroy its current government , at the same time making sure that many people would n't back a single leader . 
  to physically destroy the government , all you need is high-power explosive devices . 
  the internet thing is also relatively simple ; just sabotage the undersea cables at a bunch of points , or create some sort of super-virus that would make computers , or at the very least internet , completely unusable . 
  to make sure people would n't get behind some sort of new leader afterwards , you 'd have to make everyone distrust leaders in the first place . 
  not enough to make them want anarchy , as in plan a , but enough so that once anarchy is temporarily brought about , they would n't want to go back . 
  maybe a series of coordinated terrorist attacks , with various people who people label as `` leaders '' framed as the perpetrators . 
  if you really wanted to create anarchy , then plan a requires millions of times less resources , although it 's just as hard , if not harder . 
  if you 're really powerful , plan b might be the simpler option , since the operations involved in it are more mechanical , and involve less scheming . 
  but in the latter case , you 'd also have to factor in foreign interference , unlike in plan a where america 's people go through a revolution that everyone else understands to be the way that they want things . 
  but who would want that ? 
  if you wanted to assess the probability that some event or series of events would bring america to anarchy in the near future , do n't worry . 
  as proven through this short thought experiment , both options are of very low probability . 
  any other options are of such low probability that i could n't even think of them . 
  if you only wanted * temporary * anarchy , though , followed by a new regime , things suddenly become a lot more probable . 
  essentially , all you need to do is create massive displeasure with the current government , or just physically remove the current government . 
  ( just shooting some congressmen and the president does n't cut it . 
  you have to bomb dc and bomb every state capital . 
  and the government buildings of other large cities . 
  town governments if you can . ), 
  if you have lots of power and influence , this becomes a viable option , especially if you 're not a person but a movement or influential group . 
  or if you could coordinate different groups with the same short-term goals , then that would also do . 
  [ ] ( / caucasian ), 
  i mean , i like the picture , but ... http://i.imgur.com/5o6xe.jpg, 
  what 's your lesswrong id so that i can identify you there ? 
  i grew up in post-communism hungary . 
  i did n't even have access to internet until age 11 . 
  well , for one , now they have a fighting chance . 
  after all , just look at those weird , creepy voodoo powers they have . 
  also , it stands to resolve a bunch of emotional tension . 
  there 's no telling how jane and jake will feel about each other afterwards , but i 'm betting it 'll be a lot less `` complicated '' than before . 
  videos load in parts , and the code used to store them is less shitty . 
  strangely , even though it was posted and reposted to this subreddit , and i 've been a subscriber to both this subreddit and / r/chemicalreactiongifs for a long time ( the latter since its birth ) , i do n't remember seeing this before . 
  i must have missed it . 
  but i did enjoy seeing it for the first time . 
  maybe to avoid this kind of thing , we should make a page with a list of the most commonly reposted links and link to it in the sidebar . 
  also , encourage newcomers to visit / top . 
  i use pythonista to interpret python , and it has a an unfinished lite version of mathematica on it that i coded entirely from scratch , although wolframalpha will do , usually . 
  i use itunes u to watch videos that i want to learn , and otherwise i use ibooks to read from my small collection of about fifty textbooks and other material ( my favorite is hofstadter 's * g\u00f6del , escher , bach * ) . 
  if i really ca n't focus on a book or lecture , i play a game , usually blooms td 5 . 
  i also use my phone for recreational photography . 
  i use voice memo and garageband to commit passing musical inspiration to hard memory . 
  i use notes similarly , for writing . 
  i use google maps if i do n't know the way to somewhere . 
  how do you use your iphone ? 
  ( also , i swear this is n't a propaganda post . 
  it 's just that i feel so * powerful * , what with my knowledge , rationalism , and creativity , combined with such a miraculous tool for quantitative and qualitative evaluation . 
  if i were an apple pr guy , i would have said that i use apple maps . ), 
  yes , but if you accidentally did n't pay attention for a paragraph or three and did n't absorb any of it , you may as well have skipped it . 
  so if you do n't go back and reread when that happens , you practically do n't even read those parts , which is really really bad because you do n't learn anything from it . 
  i * did * mention a super-virus , and i was the third poster . . do you know about ctrl-f ? 
  i almost hated it , but telling people that was n't important enough to not be a waste of time . 
  i still think that i made the right choice . 
  not this again . 
  aaaand hundreds of latin students just saw this post and started to cry because they did n't make it . 
  if citizens ca n't have guns , then no one can . 
  how do like your argument now , now that i 've drawn incorrect conclusions about its moral consequences to make it sound bad ? 
  huh ? 
  i wonder what plans he has for that toddler underwear . 
  how do you get your hs text to look like that ? 
  mine is strictly in courier . 
  this one seems to be is hs font ( pixellated courier i think ) , which is generally only possible when it 's initially an image . 
  how does * that * work ? 
  aaaand now i 'm sad that i do n't have a 3d printer again . 
  it 's like when you see something that reminds you of your ex-girlfriend , except you never had her in the first place . 
  it takes too much time . 
  often the reason is obvious , and usually `` i disagree with you '' , and if everybody always went around telling people why they disagree with them , then reddit would be very tiring to use . 
  some arguments are just not worth your time . 
  and even if the reason is just `` troll '' or `` asshole '' , just typing that out or selecting that option would greatly slow down the redditing experience . 
  what 's the difference between `` disagree '' and `` do n't like '' ? 
  why is `` biased towards other '' ever ever a good reason to downvote anything ? 
  * third * degree chemical burns in the throat ? 
  that would have essentially eaten through it . 
  either that was an extremely high molarity hcl solution , or you made that part up . 
  it 's pretty hard to have `` too little '' sodium in your diet . 
  with one meal here in the west , we eat more sodium than an amanay\u00e9 tribesperson living in the amazon eats in a year ( who get about 300 mg per year ) . 
  the salt lamps that i 've encountered were always plastic . 
  it 'll make you radiation-resistant !, 
  then what about in-browser java ? 
  ( i use chrome , but i 'm sad about the apngs and the java . ), 
  oh fuck i did n't even realize that that was a valid homophone . 
  i was looking for things that `` serkets '' sounds like and i could n't think of any . 
  despite being an engineering student ( not electrical though ) . 
  what helps in this case is to contextualize the punchline by putting words around it that define the punned word better . 
  like , `` his serkets were rusted '' or something . 
  then it 's easier to immediately think , `` oh , circuits '' . 
  cut him a bit of slack , he 's obviously 12 . 
  maybe explain what a hipster is ? 
  ( not doing it myself because i have lots of other things to do that need doing ), 
  i can definitely see you cut him slack . 
  but ... well , okay , i guess . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  also , backwards compatibility with old websites is still important . 
  ahh, 
  the sugar,
