  the understanding is it 's slavs who are n't russian , plus the hungarians and romanians ( who are slavs as far as most people are concerned ) . 
  the role islam played is that it allowed isis 's propaganda to reach very far , as the islamic world has been fairly closely-knit for a long time . 
  other than that , isis is an insurgency like any other . 
  english , like most languages , does this with sentence-level tone melodies . 
  imo affective tone is underappreciated . 
  chat english , like most chat languages , does this with emoticons and emojis . 
  imo affective punctuation is underappreciated . 
  ( kiddding ! ), 
  not working with a library that 's not documented in a language you speak is entirely reasonable , though . 
  edit : i swear , either you 've misunderstood my post , or this sub has the most schizophrenic fucking opinions on documentation i 've ever seen . 
  most of the time it 's `` document your code , document your code , everyone needs to be able to read code easily ! '' . 
  and suddenly when english is involved , you 'd rather someone spend * months and months learning a new language to be able to understand a library 's documentation , * rather than use a library whose documentation they already understand ? 
  either that , or use a library whose documentation they have a very shaky understanding of ? 
  you all seem to be going off of the assumption that the existing codebase documented in mandarin is anything like the existing tiny codebase in your native languages . 
  it 's not !, 
  it 's * huge !, 
  * and worse than the english one , yes , but again , you 'd rather either these people all learn english first before going into software development , or learn english * after * going into software development , or use a library whose documentation they * do n't understand well , * than just use the mandarin codebase ? 
  that 's completely unreasonable . 
  and this is not even to speak of the fact that you 've probably had a vastly better english education than these people . 
   let me guess : you 're an english speaker , right ? 
  i wrote this in english , did n't i ? 
  unless you mean specifically speaking it ( out loud ) , in which case yes . 
  china has over a billion people living in it , some of whom are developers . 
  the lingua franca in china is n't english , it 's mandarin . 
  more people speak mandarin than english . 
  it normally would n't be unreasonable to expect that there 's a large body of code documented in mandarin . 
  beyond that , though , if i do n't know the language that your library is documented in , i damn well do n't have the time to go and learn the language first and come back to the library . 
  google translate for chinese is abominable , so that 's not an option either . 
  of course i 'd look for a library where i 'd understand the documentation first . 
  clear documentation rules all . 
  maybe instead if i were hiring developers , i 'd hire ones who already know english . 
  but if i 'm a developer who does n't know english , and has been hired to do something , then by that point i do n't have room in the development process for learning english * first . 
  it 's the language everyone speaks . 
  the western world has english . 
  russia has russian ( although that 's no surprise , seeing as though it 's inhabited mostly by russians ) . 
  the muslim world has msa . 
  china has mandarin . 
  these are mostly unintersecting speaking communities . 
  knowing grace , it 's a plot to get ellen and sarah to talk to each other . 
  but then the commentary makes it seem like she 's just that disinterested . 
  i guess she 's just that disinterested , but she 's making no effort to counter it because she knows it 'll help ellen and sarah get a normal friendship going again ? 
  virtually all * english * documentation . 
  i 'm not disputing that using english as the lingua franca of the software world would have its benefits , but people were acting like using code with chinese documentation is absolutely horrible . 
  imo it 's at least a reasonable alternative , if not the rational split-second choice . 
  that 's just not tuna !, 
   minerals are production , and energy is gold, 
  not the other way around ? 
  in civ , clearing a tile ... creates production , actually , but what goes into it is work done by workers , which generally equates to production ( since you spend production to get workers ) . 
  this is what we 're missing out on as a result of the ie invasion, 
  off the tops of their heads , i think most people here could give you the war of 1812 or the independence wars of the various latin american countries . 
  and that 's plenty . 
   trading, 
  -- / u/suddenly _ german, 
  ^ ^ ^ \\ ( yes ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ mistake 's ^ ^ ^ intentional ), 
  the bishonen is real, 
  i actually have a really detailed and entirely wrong writeup of how tagalog is actually an ugric language , and the closest living language to hungarian, 
  yeah but the difference is i wrote this one, 
  but what 's the k in kollywood for ? 
  it 's not kannada , is it ? 
  [ whoah , zalgo text looks really cool in reddit sync ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zijwsiz.png ), 
  the dna is just instructions for building rna and proteins , which both fold into molecular machines that can accomplish a very wide variety of things ( although rna is best at cutting up dna , and proteins are best at construction and deconstruction ) . 
  they can also turn segments of dna on and off ; when a segment is on , whatever it 's supposed to encode for gets produced , and when it 's off , it does n't . 
  in any given cell , most of your genome is usually off , since it contains instructions for proteins needed by every kind of cell in your body , which a single , specialized cell wo n't need . 
  the mitochondria contains its own suite of dna and the resulting proteins , centered around taking apart sugar and using the resulting energy to make atp ( out of phosphates and adp ) . 
  when you split up atp into an adp and a phosphate , you get a little energy out of the reaction ( specifically , the phosphate kind of snaps off with a twang , the momentum of which can be used for stuff ) , so proteins that do particularly energy-intensive tasks can use atp as a sort of rechargeable battery . 
  the proteins that allow your muscles to contract , for example , need atp to work ; they 're a sort of ratchet , and the atp allows them to get ratcheted up . 
  which is exactly how i used it , so ... ? 
  this is no ordinary pu . 
  this is ... * advanced * pu . 
  next patch should have norse vinland, 
  `` tengri news '' did n't tip you off ? 
  how do you convert to a theocracy ? 
  how come i do n't get this as perm ? 
  ah , the religious unity . 
  crap . 
  i said russian * citizens * use it as a lingua franca . 
  there 's plenty of people in russia whose first language is n't russian . 
  in fact , [ russia contains 1.87 % of the world 's languages . 
  ] ( http://www.vistawide.com/languages/20_countries_most_languages.htm ) admittedly , these speaking communities constitute a relatively small part of russia and are rapidly dwindling in size , but it 's not like places like the komi republic , or mari el , or the tuvan republic do n't exist . 
  there are multiple language families that exist solely in russia ( like yenisean , chukotko-kamchatkan , and yukaghir ) , and a couple more the majority of whose diversity is tied up in russia ( like uralic , turkic , and tungusic , although perhaps not the majority for turkic ) . 
  the reason i brought up russia , though , is that it 's a mostly self-contained `` super-speaking community '' . 
  people who live in russia and know russian are unlikely to speak english , just as people who live in the west and know english are unlikely to know russian , people who live in china and know mandarin are unlikely to know english * or * russian , etc. 
  the trick is not to sleep, 
  for real . 
  back in high school i was living in berkeley for a year , and i loved taking trips to palo alto with my mom and my sister , because it had a real nice atmosphere and there was always good food . 
  so then in the spring i got depressive for some reason ( girl ? 
  school ? 
  both ? 
  ) , and our trip to palo alto that weekend totally sucked . 
  we went to all of my favorite places , and to some awesome new ones like that ice cream sandwich place , but i managed not to enjoy any of it . 
  afterwards i said some things about the trip that i regretted immediately , and just felt worse when i was rightfully rebuked over it . 
  we have n't been to palo alto since , and i still get sad thinking about it . 
  sorry this is n't really relevant , but it felt nice to finally share it . 
  let 's look at a typical novice 's session with the mighty ed :, 
  help, 
  quit, 
  exit, 
  hello ? 
  eat flaming death, 
  note the consistent user interface and error reportage .
