  the way it 's worded , i 'm not really sure . 
  op , could you please clarify ? 
  aha , we totally called this !, 
  kat , if you invent the most sophisticated prosthetics known to mankind , it is a little weird to use them only on robots , yeah ? 
  paolo aluffi 's * algebra : chapter 0 * has one as well . 
  why is it all the algebra books that have these ? 
  six including the dewclaw ? 
  or is that little puff of fur on the inside of the paws a sixth digit ? 
  we sort of have an interactive graveyard with c'thun , i guess ? 
  the shenanigans c'thun warriors had to pull in the wotog meta to ensure that c'thun went into their graveyard for doomcaller were pretty cool . 
  how about after completing the quest ? 
  it could be pretty good then . 
  maybe they 're a babysitter or tutor ? 
  i mean , it is at least descriptive, 
  technicians of some sort ? 
   early twentieth century collegiate women and men both tended toward a `` sloppy '' style to distinguish themselves from the grown-ups . 
  for women , this meant no hats , no gloves , oversized sweaters without girdles underneath , ugly shoes ... and pants and shorts . 
  ( to go on a tangent , i love the fact that both college boys and college girls wore shapeless/unflattering/dirty clothing to display their own identities , but at the same time , complained about each other -- the men thought the women who dressed this way were hideous and unfeminine , and the women found men in unwashed corduroys and messy hair appalling . ), 
  this is difficult to picture . 
  where can one find photos ? 
  this is possibly the most relatable thing i 've ever read on reddit , and i 've been here 5 and half years . 
  i guess we plan to spend our lives sitting in front of computers because we 're too perpetually tired for everything else . 
  this is well-balanced and very flavorful . 
  a welcome addition to the `` 2 mana 3 damage '' cycle of cards ( although druid already has one of those in wrath ) . 
  rag rotated out :(, 
  i wonder if they could print any cards in the meantime that do n't directly have to do with c'thun , but make c'thun decks viable again anyway , e.g. 
  a tutor for c'thun or c'thun cards like ancient harbinger , or something that helps out battlecries like brann . 
  edit : you know what ? 
  a tutor for battlecry cards . 
  `` 7 mana 4/6 taunt : draw two battlecry cards from your deck . '', 
  there 's a lot of reasons for people to care about exploring outside their solar system , and the ones you listed are definitely among them , but ... when humans made the voyager 1 probe , they put [ this stuff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/contents_of_the_voyager_golden_record ) on it . 
  the spirit it represents is not really one of `` meat , power , or butt stuff '' . 
  it does n't have to be one of those . 
  ( plus meat is unlikely to be biocompatible between different solar systems , and butt stuff surely . ), 
  oh , great . 
  now it 's awkward that i 'm editing the link to point to '' * contents of the * voyager golden record '' . 
  people use wrath on its own to remove stuff all the time . 
  it 's crucial to do that against aggro , rather than to wait for fandral . 
  i had the reverse realization . 
  people are probably more likely to search for a common type of furniture than a dead empire ( however important it may have been ) . 
  plus , i 'd be searching for `` ottoman empire '' or something in her place , then . 
  in this case , since op 's card is 3 damage without the hero power ( which costs an extra 2 mana ) , i 'm talking about darkbomb . 
  2 mana 3 damage is present in almost every class , and is basically always a great card :, 
  - warlock : darkbomb, 
  - druid : wrath, 
  - hunter : quickshot, 
  - shaman : lightning bolt , sort of ( and as of recently , rockbiter weapon , being the worst among all of these cards by virtue of being part of the class with windfury as a theme ), 
  - warrior : fiery war axe, 
  - rogue : eviscerate , very sort of, 
  - priest : nothing really , although double shadowform gives you it as a hero power ; the `` early removal '' slot is filled by sw :p instead, 
  2 mana * 4 * damage , like fandral + wrath , is a separate cycle , and standalone cards that do that generally have some sort of downside . 
  cards that belong to that cycle are heroic strike , stormcrack , flamecannon , and sort of eviscerate ( although i think in spirit it 's part of the 2 mana 3 damage cycle ) . 
  also wisps , tinyfins , and target dummies, 
  ohhhhh lol , that explains everything . 
  she was playing brm tempo mage , though . 
  a much better matchup than modern burn mage variants , because your huge taunts actually do something . 
  ah , i was hoping someone who knows more than me would show up to correct me if i were wrong . 
  thanks for the insight !, 
  although , as a side note , modern burn mage definitely does outclass whatever passes for standard handlock these days , since handlock is n't even on the ladder . \\* but of course we 're mainly comparing original flavor handlock or wild handlock , since this game included flamewaker . 
  ^ ( * this does n't necessarily say anything about the matchup itself , but if handlock were any good at all versus burn strategies , it would at least be on ladder , since those make up a lot of it . ), 
  but that was most of the fun and absurdity in his character . 
  it 's what made all his scenes so interesting . 
  yeah , but '' [ club ] is [ adjective ] '' or '' [ adjective ] [ club ] '' or '' [ club ] 's ... is [ adjective ] '' are all much more common sentence structures in general . 
  the only way a negated version can achieve anywhere near the popularity is by being a meme . 
  ( plus , if you 're really worried , you can also just filter out sentences with `` not '' , `` no '' , or `` n't '' in them , although op did n't mention doing that . ), 
  ... what ? 
  could you ... uh ... rephrase that ? 
  i am subscribed to / r/stocks , which is a financial sub . 
  thought this was from there . 
  the title was confusing , but i figured it was slang . 
  the body blew that theory out of the water , and convinced me it was a joke post . 
  finally following the post showed that it belonged to / r/cooking , and everything made perfect sense . 
  why not just run a real secret ? 
  that 'd be like half of your deck . 
  who does that ? 
  ( nobody , not even early secret paladin ), 
  edit : geez , last time i got downvoted for making the opposite point . 
  you ca n't win ... 
  that would be crazy strong . 
  it would be one of the best 8-drops in the game , and that 's saying something . 
  we 're on the same page ; it 's just that the taunted version is really terrifying to consider . 
  although , to be honest , it 's not actually significantly different from a souped up ozruk , and that card sees no play . 
  people say `` lol 9 mana 0/1 frog '' about that card , but in a world with so much aggro druid on the ladder , i think the more relevant thing may be the difficult-to-activate elemental synergy . 
  who runs elemental synergy these days ? 
  forget the frostmourne card back , check out that color and depth on the july card back !, 
  one of my favorites so far . 
  you could make it a secret . 
  but then it costs exactly as much as mind blast while having a more conditional version of its effect . 
  so maybe decrease its cost one more and make it a paladin secret . 
  but they 've already got eye for an eye . 
  what kind of monster does n't label the circles ? 
  compare acolyte of pain . 
  edit : wait , it 's got taunt . 
  yeah , that 's a little too good . 
  2 mana 1/1 every turn ? 
  in paladin ??? 
  that sounds broken !, 
  ( in all seriousness , the way the card is worded , you 'd also have to rely on your opponent not to play a card t1 , so good luck pulling that off consistently ... ), 
  especially if they 're golden . 
  it 'd be awesome !,
