  two missing quotes , and a missing comma . 
  years of playing qwop have prepared me for this !, 
  lojban also works, 
  - if you have windows , google `` system monitor '' and download the first thing that comes up, 
  - if you have mac os x , use the built-in activity monitor or get menumonitor ( it 's free ), 
  - if you have linux , i recommend conky but there 's like a million options, 
  it would certainly make managing my unix system easier , i 'll tell you that . 
  actually , it 's only that only 0.253 % of the other 99 % had heads . 
  huh , the melody sounds like jimmy hinson 's `` katana blaster '' theme . 
  any relation ? 
  i was going to , but then it started feeling kind of pointless . 
  it might reduce station part count a little , because you need less struts , but you ca n't share fuel or energy through an asteroid . 
  they treat tourists and such differently than citizens . 
  but there 's a huge difference in quality , is n't there ? 
  i 'll bet laotian mdma is a lot worse than american mdma . 
  it 's a * whole * lot more infuriating . 
  if they ask you to multiply large numbers , then you can explain what your major is actually about . 
  but if they say they do n't like it , what are you supposed to do ? 
  math is a playground for ideas , a kind of art . 
  but only other artists understand it . 
  you ca n't make someone have the same free feeling as you about it just by talking to them , can you ? 
  jorge cham writes about this a lot . 
  not so much . 
  it looks like it actually combines into one entity when you grapple to it , in which case you can share fuel . 
  but , then , the asteroid 's com does n't affect the camera like docking does , and you can still target its com when you 've grappled it . 
  this makes me think it does n't just assimilate into your ship . 
  wait a minute , you 're not a bot . 
  you 're a novelty account !, 
  i 'll bet * i * could turn this into a bot ... 
  e.g. , one algorithm could be to eliminate other countries from noun phrase when the noun phrase contains the usa and a sentiment analysis returns positive . 
  whereas perl uses = ~ for regex, 
  = / = is correct for like haskell or something, 
  / = is correct for erlang at least, 
  you mean its * lack * of any side effects . 
  in functional programming , `` side effects '' are when the program changes something or interacts with the user . 
  in haskell , you call functions on one another and never * after * one another . 
  so , it has no side effects . 
  but also nobody ( not even me ) uses haskell . 
  hence the joke . 
  now , let 's talk about * lisp * ... 
  well , the finnish air force still uses a swastika and no one cares . 
  the swedish guy who gave finland its second aircraft ever painted his personal good luck symbol on it ( which he got from india , presumably ) . 
  they never bothered changing it . 
  no , gilly is unfortunately too big for that . 
  you 'd need hundreds of thosands of orange tanks of fuel . 
  the first one depends highly on how popular the tablet is . 
  if the tablet was just released today , `` available for five more days '' would mean they still have thousands in stock . 
  if it was released a year ago , `` five more days '' would mean they only have one or two in stock . 
  ; - ; i just want free software and a system i can understand and control . 
  is not into truth . 
  it is widely accepted that the ethnic origins of romania are murky . 
  you 're kidding . 
  that could have been anyone . 
  not exactly a `` proof '' , but this is how you find the f for which the integral of f from 0 to x is f-1 :, 
  let `` s '' denote `` the integral from 0 to x of '' . 
  sf = f-1, 
  1 = f-sf, 
  1 = f ( 1-s ), 
  f = 1 / ( 1-s ), 
  f = 1 + x + x ^ ( 2 ) / 2 + x ^ ( 3 ) / 6 + x ^ ( 4 ) / 24 ... 
  f = e ^ x, 
  and , indeed , the integral of e ^ x from 0 to x is e ^ ( x ) -1 . 
  that 's bad . 
  the whole point of buying software is that in exchange for getting to use it , you give the developers money . 
  using the software without giving the developers money is unfair , because the developers only distributed the software in the first place on the aforementioned basis of giving them money . 
  if they wanted to release a limited trial , they would , and they often do . 
  edit : jesus christ this came out long . 
  tl ; dr pirating stuff is not the best way to demo things at all . 
  read on for a banal explanation of why the developers are selling stuff in the first place and why they should get money for it . 
  but , this is roughly the equivalent of asking your friend to give you their car to test-drive it before you buy it , but with no obligation for you to give it back to your friend , because they do n't * want * it back , because they retain a copy of the car ( never mind how ! ) . 
  the car designers who sold your friend the car ( this is a world where that happens ) figured that , in exchange for the amount of money that they get , one person would get to own the car at all times . 
  they felt that this was fair ; they want to be rewarded for designing that car with a magnitude directly proportional to the number of people that use it , since that 's how everyone did it before them , and it sounded pretty fair to them . 
  it * is * good way to do it ; the fact that every person gets the same price encourages people to buy it , the fact that the car people get rewarded for popularity encourages them to make cars people like more , and the fact that the amount of money they have grows over time allows them to pay off recurring expenses and acquire additional resources to make cars with . 
  so , they began selling the right to use that kind of car to people , with a fixed price per person existing somewhere who has the right to use the car . 
  they do n't care if the cars are shared ; they just want the ratio of the money they have gained to the people who exist who use their cars to remain constant over time , i.e. 
  for the amount of people using their cars to always be the same as the amount of times they charge for a car . 
  but if it 's possible for you to test-drive your friend 's car while your friend retains a car , then that 's no longer true !, 
  the poor car designers wanted each car to only have one owner , since that 's what they got paid for , but they could n't have counted on cars being able to be duplicated after they are bought . 
  having multiple people use a car at once with the designers only being paid for one car is being mean to the designers , because that 's not what they want ( and it 's bad for their business model , anyway ) . 
  you want a test-drive , but if the designers want you to * have * a test drive , they 'll allow you to have them of their own accord . 
  but if they explicitly prohibit test-drives unless you pay for them , then having them anyway without paying for them hurts the designers ; not just in the sense that you are disrespecting their wishes , but in the sense that it 's actually economically bad for them ; and , by proxy , the people who drive their cars , including * you * . 
  sometimes , clever developers can build their business models around piracy . 
  a well-known example of this is adobe , who want people to pirate their product when they are young , and so get used to it , and so end up buying it as professionals . 
  sometimes , piracy ends up helping developers , like how you ended up buying kerbal space program because you liked it when you pirated it . 
  but this is by no means the norm , and even if everybody pirated things with the sole intention of demoing them , then that is not the optimal way to do it , because when you are demoing it , you are still getting some of the positive experience of using it that people pay for in the first place ( potentially all of it ; imagine a game where all of the fun is contained in the first five minutes , or a very useful software tool that does the whole job in five minutes ) , and because you have no obligation to stop demoing it at any particular time , and because you have no obligation , after having decided that you like it , to buy it . 
  that is what the actual demos that developers release are for . 
  and if they do n't , then tough luck . 
  bobbitt worm , because of its size and fierceness , or blue-ringed octopus , because it is both common and lethal , are my pick . 
  box jellyfish are n't as bad as their reputation . 
  parasites are n't immediately devastating and usually are n't even lethal . 
  mantis shrimp are powerful but tiny . 
  i 've found that every time you get stung by a scorpion , their scariness decreases by an order of magnitude . 
  but it 's not turing complete , at all . 
  it 's like saying you `` code '' html language . 
  ( dae else atm machines ? ), 
  yup . 
  and it 's been that since the early days , too !, 
  i guess we should n't be too surprised , since low-level computing systems like redstone practically spring to life . 
  have you heard about how ` sed ` is turing-complete ? 
  you could definitely give androids sentience with a lisp compiler .
