  i 'd do better in an [ erfworld ] ( http://www.erfworld.com ) - type scenario . 
  how do you know op 's offended ? 
  `` rob why '' could be entirely rhetorical . 
  every nation at the same time , or separately ? 
  but is he alive ?? 
  was my first thought too , but then i realized you 'd need 1440 pictures . 
  tfw forget about 12-hour time, 
  many countries use 24-hour time , such as mine , hungary, 
  same here . 
  hungary really came out ahead , consorting with all these western scum, 
  \\  mostly stayed within europe, 
  language standards are completely arbitrary , so depending on what criteria you imagine , there might be some optimal fit, 
   racial, 
  lol . 
  you pass synchronic eta initiator tuxions through people , and suddenly they care so much about skin color , do n't they ? 
  i do n't really like the predictability added to disastrous events , and to a degree even , curse me , to revolts . 
  the original major innovation that europa universalis had over other 4x games is random events . 
  there 's a good reason to have them : they make the game much more replayable , than if the same events happened in the same order all the time . 
  it 's a great mechanic , that eu has managed to get a lot out of over the years ; many things in the game are now built on events , e.g. 
  piety . 
  replacing it with an inevitable meter wo n't break anything , but it does make the game lose what made it exciting and replayable . 
  that 's true . 
  i guess it 's a question of gameplay vs narrative . 
  if you want the player to have a larger hand in things , make things more predictable , with more definite things affecting them . 
  the advantage of giving them less of a hand is that the story can go differently . 
  you can get the best of both worlds , though : say there was n't a meter that slowly builds up , but a collection of modifiiers to the chance that the event happens . 
  like there was with the revolts . 
  that way the player has control over it , but it 's also not set in stone that it 'll eventually happen at some point . 
  actually , you know what would be cool ? 
  something like :, 
  ** scavenging for parts **, 
  -75 % ship costs, 
  +200 % naval attrition, 
  taking rome , i.e. 
  fully annexing the papal state , as ottomans with no cb . 
  coalitioned by france , castile , portugal , genoa , tuscany ( which controlled all of northern italy ) and aragon ( which controlled all of southern italy ) . 
  ( also poland , but they exploded so it did n't matter . ), 
  i immediately made a non-ironman backup , and on the backup i valiantly fought different scenarios of the same coalition war . 
  i was allied with austria , and it was mostly they who got pounded rather than me , but still . 
  eventually i found a way to avoid it by allying both england and muscovy . 
  i stopped playing that save on ironman after that . 
  ugh , it 's a fucking pain , that 's how . 
  i do n't remember anymore but ddrjake made a youtube tutorial . 
  it 's something like , start another ironman game as that country , quit immediately , restart eu4 , click on the original ironman save but do n't open it , open the new save , due to some glitch it should be non-ironman and a copy of the old one . 
  nah , giving them guns to hold humanizes them and therefore makes them more scary . 
  you 're argument 's not a very good one ; watch :, 
   it makes it a lot easier to render a human ineffective and useless if all you have to do is take away their guns . 
  a lot of built in weaponry makes one of the shows most iconic monsters a lot more dangerous . 
  and yet we have humans being some of the best villains in a wide variety of works . 
  taking away someone 's gun is as easy or hard as the narrative requires . 
  there 's still a large malus on allying them though . 
  unfortunately i ca n't remember what it is ; somewhere between -25 and -75 . 
  something to do with the gif file format ; most shitty gifs look like this, 
  during hurricane sandy though they apparently learned . 
  they refunded all of ... no wait , that was at&t , never mind . 
  so that people did n't get billed for unreturned equipment . 
  edit : you guys seem to think that i was the one who originally made this thread . 
  i 'm not , but i did live through both irene and sandy . 
  the only problem with that sub is that most of the commenters could be posted there, 
  more commenters make things harder for the moderators , especially if the commenters are n't familiar with the local etiquette and rules . 
  yes , that 's common for formats that use dct or some variant to compress the image . 
  i do n't know how gifs are stored ( do n't they have a palette like pngs instead ? 
  ) , but anyway it 's a compression artifact . 
  ( credit / u/holydeadtrinity ), 
  balls with limbs . 
  reported . 
  ( just kidding , great comic ! ), 
  the top two spots are both france . 
  somehow , somewhere . 
  france . 
  it accumulates over time depending on your ranks in other stuff . 
  maybe op only recently conquered europe . 
  as it turns out , self-reported penis size tends to be pretty accurate, 
  what , and you think us should do it that way !, 
  these 25 declassified pages about american torture will shock you, 
  [ this was an austrian flavor event , though ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/2oi10c/you_know_what_you_can_have_my_monarch_points_next/cmnavzh ), 
   these two languages arent even remotely related , not syntax-wise , grammar-wise , glyph-wise , or in pretty much any other way . 
  while they may not be genetically related , they 're both analytical languages with very similar word order ( sv ( i ) o , adjectives before nouns , etc ) . 
  that already means their grammars have huge amounts in common . 
  probably the most impressive thing one can do while translating between them is get number , tense , and aspect right , since they 're not similar on that front . 
  / r/mildlytil, 
  \\  using [ \u014b ] to mark genitive, 
  \\  mfw `` a priori '', 
  joking , joking . 
  what austronesian language ( s ) do you speak ? 
  `` whoever drew this has never looked at a world map '', 
  have you tried mousing over the little x or \u2713 ? 
  it 's been a feature since forever . 
  ( sorry in advance for thread necromancy ), 
  on mobile i have everything turned off , and i find it much better than the alternative . 
  i guess it 's because it 's less complex ( do n't need to remember esoteric capitalization rules ) , and because autocorrect is usually wrong . 
  ironically on the computer , on the other hand , i use autocompletion all the time in emacs , although sometimes it annoys the hell out of me . 
  so you also subtract poland, 
  edit : why is this the only sub where i run into post freq limits ? 
  is this a thing that the moderators can set ? 
  at the same time !, 
  it might end up like calvin , although that one started out with constructive intentions, 
   that does n't make this feel any less unsatisfying , though . 
  triple negative combo !, 
  four if you count `` though '' ( which indicates that the sentence contradicts or qualifies what was previously said ),
