  i am having trouble interpreting them as both being the same character here . 
  can someone do it for me ? 
  it 's disgusting to me because it 's probably a lie . 
  it sounds like something your annoying childhood ( err , teenage ) friend might say . 
  `` no , they looked them up !, 
  it happened at a particular point , and very good things happened to the people who had high scores . '', 
  exactly , that second paragraph is the part that confuses me . 
  well , the two-player session thing , not so much , but the blood colors and the killing yeah . 
  welp . 
  hey , i just realized that you can make the css [ refrance ] ( / dunkass ) javascript if you host it elsewhere . 
  i have a server ; it 's not guaranteed that it will stay up , but want to hostnit there ? 
  [ hahaha , i ca n't believe what i just made take place ] ( / dunkass ), 
  while i 'm okay with the reference , you should have pointed it out in your edit once you started receiving downvotes . 
  if people consistently keep misunderstanding what you wrote , then they need clarification . 
  as a mac user , she sounds like a mac user . 
  what about his parents ? 
  the handcuffs allowed john 's dad to escape imprisonment in [ s ] wv : ascend . 
  conjoined twins share a circulatory system . 
  i think . 
  damn , biology is weird !, 
  a juju is the item sent with a player through their portal . 
  ... huh . 
  wtf ? 
  what allows them to do that ? 
  i 'm not sure if it captures the style of vriska well enough . 
  but it 's still a really good picture !, 
  . . more popular than a newgroundsplosion ? 
  this one too ? 
  everyone downvotes intolerant_atheist, 
  the current weather effects :, 
  atmosphere :, 
  atmosphere, 
  wind, 
  hurricanes, 
  tornados, 
  billows, 
  steam, 
  mist, 
  haze, 
  clouds, 
  humidity, 
  anvils, 
  thunder, 
  storms, 
  condensation, 
  smoke, 
  draft, 
  pollen, 
  static, 
  it does n't support adding extra categories , though . 
  so this , the temperature category , and the light category , maybe , are all you 've got to work with . 
  no , this is n't interactive . 
  it just generates a short text description . 
  i 'll combine it with a perlin noise generator ( because i 'm not cool enough for simplex noise ) that i 'm writing and generate gigantic world grids , which will procedurally generate structures like you mentioned ( i 'll figure it out ; that 's what i like doing ! ) . 
  i 'll then put * those * in a p2p multiplayer roguelike that i may or may not ever finish and * bam * !, 
  sburb rpg !, 
  it 's not confirmed , but that what it seems to mean . 
  indeed . 
  great !, 
  once i get home , i 'll explain the task in more detail in a separate self post . 
  ... i ca n't remember what year it was when i turned 13 d : !, 
  what 's happening here ? 
  why the `` 04 '' at the end of the barcode , and not a `` 11 '' ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  this may become part of a 3d terrain generator , which may become part of a multiplayer sburb roguelike . 
  this reminds me of a rant made by someone i dislike very much . 
  here :, 
   the word `` bugs '' is used by two types of people , those stuck in a cognitive system driven by the most primitive and ignoble ignorance , and nlp sorcerers evoking the most primitive and ignoble ignorance in those stuck in such a cognitive system . 
  in other words , you 're either mocking yourself or you 're not a human . 
  if you believe yourself to be human , strive towards the recognition of the importance of human relations with these hard working , humble ladies . 
  then , after someone pointed out that it 's also used as an informal term for insects :, 
   that is the first definition , one based in primitive and ignoble ignorance . 
  please try to control your emotional response to this declaration and realize the threat to your insistence on contextually framing your sentences in such a way to explain your current feelings is not a threat to you yourself ; and to be ignorant is the lot of every human being . 
  pollinators are particularly beneficent , symbiotic pals that compliment our species ; why would n't we want to care for and respect them ? 
  to call a bee a `` bug '' is to broadcast that your current cognitive and emotional response ( iq and eq ) to the phenomena is childlike . 
  i wish you could punch people through computers . 
  probably not , i like to work alone , especially on code, 
  yes !, 
  tag this as nsfw now . 
  seriously . 
  wow . 
  how could you get it so spot on ? 
  surely not repetition ... ? 
  [ heads up ] ( http://redd.it/tydb5 ), 
  [ heads up ] ( http://redd.it/tydb5 ), 
  for the last time . 
  those symbols have little to do with vriska and tavros themselves . 
  they depict how she has their * powers * : mind control , over both sapient and non-sapient beings . 
  i would like to subscribe to this theory . 
  i have many detailed ideas for this , most of which i am capable of figuring out how to execute . 
  by the way , it 's p2p , including a gm as an additional central server who handles stuff . 
  oh , and see [ this thread ] ( http://redd.it/r8m1i ) and [ this thread ] ( http://redd.it/rp9d9 ) . 
  upvote for pure balls in such blatant karma-whoring . 
  he 's definitely on to something . 
  i am not `` a troper '' . 
  i really do n't understand why people find it addicting . 
  i hate it when people are like zomg youl inked to tvtropes . 
  how funny , i was looking over this conversation just now . 
  and yes . 
  disambiguity is unsustainable across large amounts of people .
