  is n't the whole point of not wanting to hear about popular things that you do n't want to hear about them ? 
  how am i not hearing about them by complaining about them ? 
   `` every thought you have seeps into your blood . '', 
  http://imgur.com/f72hxkb ( although i 'm not sure that it 's appropriate to use that image outside of a sad context ), 
  edit : apparently it 's not . 
  when i was a kid , my parents convinced me that an aquarium was too expensive , so i got a pet rock , a tiny chunk of uranium ore . once a week , i 'd set up a cloud chamber next to it/around it , and record it using the family camcorder . 
  then i 'd watch the video carefully and write down the shapes in it . 
  i could n't differentiate between different types of particles , though . 
  it was a lot of fun . 
  not what i mean , although interpreting stuff literally is always fun . 
  i mean that ... well , it 's hard to use words on . 
  i mean that your thoughts really become a part of you , things you will never leave you , things that you ca n't pick up and throw away and forget . 
  they will always be there , creating implications and reminding you of things . 
  you ca n't undo that . 
  they 're already part of you . 
  remember aeratemark ? 
  it 's like that , but less annoying . 
  relevant : http://youtu.be/cbk980jv7ao, 
  you 're supposed to start an ant farm and let them breed . 
  ( i think . 
  this does n't sound very able to happen . ), 
  it 's a strange world where some people do n't know about the term goose-stepping and its history . 
  just noticed you 're a novelty account . 
  rad !, 
  what 's `` name of their existence '' supposed to mean , though ? 
  maybe he just does n't remember that detail ? 
  ( and also old!marty 's face ? ), 
  i sure did n't . 
  personally , i use it quite extensively . 
  i do n't think the guy you replied to is lying , though ; otherwise he would n't have the bravery to post it to someone who lives/d in india . 
  i 'm not sure ; i think it probably is . 
  i thought a grammarian was someone who studied grammar . 
  there 's lots of good names after `` infinity '' . 
  there 's plenty other big/impressive/awe-inspiring concepts with words that roll off the tongue , like xbox cosmos . 
  or it does n't even have to be an impressive-feeling concept , just an impressive-sounding name , like xbox omega . 
   the number 0.706 encodes all human literature ever in chronological order , followed by the word `` balls '' repeated infinitely . 
  every other number encodes the word `` zqfmgb '' repeated twice . 
  it 's not that interesting to come up with a code that makes a number a balls constant . 
  there are an infinite number of schemes that make a particular number a balls constant . 
  what 's more depressing is that it is also not the case that every scheme can only have at most one unique balls constant :, 
   every number encodes all human literature ever in chronological order , followed by the word `` balls '' repeated infinitely . 
  or how about i invent a scheme that creates a bijection between the set r of all real numbers and the set s of all possible finite and infinite strings . 
  then i can still come up with a scheme that takes the tangent of a number and puts the result into the previous scheme , so that every string is guaranteed to be mapped to by an infinite amount of numbers , including the balls constant . 
  and of course , it 's possible to have a scheme that does n't encode a balls constant at all ever :, 
   every number encodes the letter ` e ' . 
  get carbonated water separately . 
  ah , what about that 3d one that goes on your head that 's about to come out ? 
  ( it 's very late , i 've forgotten the name ) would that be considered part of the generation after this one ? 
  see , this is the first post on reddit i 've ever seen that 's made me say `` what the fuck '' out loud . 
  i 'm buying a fucking gun . 
  dear god , there are so many cables that even if you bundle them they look unruly . 
  i hope aircraft electricians know what they 're doing . 
  seconded , as one who 's learned to read it ( but not understand it ) . 
  it 's the ablative supine of * leg\u014d , legere , l\u0113x\u012b , l\u0113ctus * . 
  look it up ; it 's best learned by example , i find . 
  yup . 
  it 's 3rd decl. , not 2nd . 
  well , learning it goes without saying . 
  but why a shotgun ? 
  well , ok , most of us had world domination plans at 7 , or around then anyway . 
  what i 'm more interested in is his plan . 
  why is he carpet bombing madagascar ? 
  why is he nuking greenland ? 
  does the circle around australia mean that that 's where he 's building his base ? 
  ( good choice , 6yo me would have agreed with him , although nowadays i 'd say far northern scandinavia instead ) are the dotted lines gunship routes , and if so , why bother with those if you have planes ? 
  is he working with a fixed resource set ? 
  also , he 's basically not even touched central africa , including former ghana/mali/songhai . 
  i guess he plans to take those using infantry ? 
  bad plan ; sub-saharan africa is the worst for infantry . 
  unless he 's using robots or something . 
  you 've fucked up , those are dolphins . 
  russia does . 
  china has no caps , i 'm afraid . 
  is that a homestuck reference , or a coincidence ? 
  did the book make it ? 
  i mean , is it still legible ? 
  final ? 
  i thought ap courses had ap tests ? 
  my god , do you have both ? 
  - terrible quality, 
  - degrades over time , but is n't biodegradable on the whole, 
  - you have to rewind from the end if you want to watch it again ( the reason i started using dvds ), 
  yeah , i do n't miss them . 
  pfft . 
  0.002 mi away from the location . 
  i got quite a lot of brazilian tourist towns , and you just have to remember where you started , and walk around , and eventually you 'll start seeing things like `` municipale s\u00e3o francisco '' in various signs . 
  then you refer to the chart you made on paper and compare the structure on it to the structure in the google maps chart , and figure out where you are , and backtrack by hand to where you started . 
  ( street signs are n't so much unreliable as they are nonexistent . ), 
  for my first round , i got 15k , for my second , i got 22k , and for my third , i got 27k . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 's a mixture of truly amazing luck ( like , for example , getting dropped off in a small village in poland or brazil , where there are easily-read signs in polish or portuguese , as opposed to a dirt road somewhere in australia ) , having already traveled a lot of the world and gotten a feel for what different stuff looks like ( my useless talent of being able to distinguish between various small slices of the former soviet union by city size and alphabet finally surfaces !, 
  ) , and being able to distinguish various languages from each other ( japanese vs. chinese ( vs. korean ) , portuguese vs. spanish , ukrainian vs. russian , arabic vs. azerbaijani vs. urdu , hindi vs. gujarati vs. telugu vs. kannada vs. tamil vs. some other brahmic script , canadian aboriginal syllabics vs. inuktitut ) . 
  the game is much , much , much easier that way , though . 
  i do n't google because that instantly makes it 10 times less fun . 
  the only thing i 'm willing to google is river names once i 've narrowed down the general region i 'm supposed to be looking for them in , because that map on the right definitely * should * have river names on it , imo , and it does n't for some reason . 
  ( btw , that is terrible misuse of the term `` scientific method '' . 
  looking things up is n't the scientific method . 
  performing experiments to distinguish between hypotheses by looking at how well they predict a phenomenon , is . ), 
  not fair , i had to do a lot of work to get 0.002 km from where i was in barrerinhas , brazil , and 0.005 km from where i was in s\u00e3o francisco , brazil . 
  ( barreirinhas does n't use any goddamn street signs , it was terrible . ), 
  6 in brazil in 2 games .
