  i 'm new . 
  and also curious , because i agree with people paying medical bills proportional to how badly they fuck up . 
  i.e. , individualized healthcare . ), 
  i 'm you !, 
  ( i want to research * for the rest of my life . 
  * i know , right ? ), 
  because they 're * lazy bastards * and ca n't get real jobs . 
  [ le six figures ] these are the sort of people we need to remove from the gene pool . 
  edit : are these downvotes saying that y' all actually think that it 's because they 're lazy bastards ... ? 
  ... i 'm european . 
  also , a terrible person . 
  anyway . 
  first question : it 's not necessarily a bad idea . 
  socialized anything is n't necessarily a bad idea . 
  it 's a particularly * good * idea when it 's something that everyone deserves equally . 
  the more equally people deserve something , the more sense it makes to socialize it . 
  this is why we still have capitalism , rather than complete communism : we do n't feel that everyone deserves an equal amount of success , and we quantify the amount of success that they * do * deserve in the amount of money that they earn . 
  now , in general , economic theory states that this is indeed a pretty good approximation , but the reality is that `` pretty good '' actually sucks . 
  sometimes you get screwed over by a lack of opportunity , or by unfair practices . 
  so you end up with people with way less money than they deserve ( who have a hunger to socialize ) , and people with way more money than they deserve ( who would n't want to socialize ) . 
  i hold health care to be a thing that , to a small extent , you have to earn . 
  success with unsocialized health care depends on the amount of money that you have . 
  and i hold that the amount of money that you have is a good enough approximation of the amount of success that you deserve . 
  in life , though , not health care . 
  it 's true that you 're not really responsible for most of the things you would need health care for . 
  but some things , you * are * . 
  if you are enough of a dumbass to keep getting injured over and over again ( or your children , for whom you care ; same thing , as you are responsible for your children ) , it should be a question whether you deserve health care for this stupidity . 
  and since i hold money to be a good enough approximation of how much stuff you deserve , i 'd make health care partially dependent on money . 
  only partially . 
  it 's really hard to find a good balance for this , such that health care provides enough money for life-threatening diseases , but so that the monetary penalty for dumbassery is n't a slap on the wrist . 
  i hope that , with refinement , we may reach this balance . 
  second question : when did i ever say that ? 
  < devilsadvocate  homosexuality was classified as a paraphilia until recently . < / devilsadvocate  < lackofcitation / , 
  yeah . 
  he `` lives in sweden '' . 
  this should be an alarm for anyone . 
  hooray , i 'm not part of the majority !, 
  where 's my medal and phd ? 
  and maine , to a hilarious degree . 
  so , a prostitute with a universal std vaccine ? 
  do it !, 
  do it !, 
  do it !, 
  i do n't see anything very wrong with it , other than some amount of hypocrisy . 
  it 's good sentiments . 
  his heart 's in the right place . 
  also na\u00efvete , but that 's a given whenever you believe anything meant to karma-whore . 
  mods ' gift ? 
  picks a random flair for each subreddit to post in ? 
  made by a homestuck fan with a sentiment for equius ( probable ; how else would it have found / r/homestuck ? 
  we 're not exactly the top 1,000 ) ? 
  i am a mod of / r/karkat . 
  as far as i know , i have complete control over anyone 's flair . 
  link flair . 
  or the url , anyway . 
  that was really thoughtful of you . 
  \\ - sent from my iphone, 
  roma is the politically correct term for them , at least here in hungary . 
  ( everyone has a major problem with them here . ), 
  should n't games * teach you * to admit that you were wrong ? 
  what is it ? 
  is the message erroneous ? 
  aaand op replied by thanking corijane and writing a suicide note . 
  i wish i could do anything to help , but op has a point that i do n't know how to argue against . 
  yeah . 
  it 's like making your rng always return `` 6 '' because you got it from a fair dice throw . 
  normally you use pseudorandom number generators , which do n't generate truly random numbers , rather numbers generated in a sequence from a seed . 
  but you can also get true rngs , which measure very random things in the real world with instruments , and produce random numbers based on that . 
  random.org , for example , produces random numbers based on atmospheric noise , which is ridiculously unpredictable . 
  there was a rng mentioned here that measures thermal noise in your cpu , with the thermometer already built into your comp ( is it part of the mobo , or the cpu ? 
  i 'd hazard a guess as to the second ) . 
  at least , that was my interpretation of it . 
  the point is , computers ca n't pull random numbers out of thin air , no , except literally . 
  but if they physically look for random numbers , then they 'll find them . 
  sorry for the question , but where have you seen / \u0283r / ? 
  sounds like he thinks it 's a thing . 
  ( not that this resolves anything , but we should give him some credit . ), 
  wow i feel dumb . 
  / r/gaming ; / r/atheism ; / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu ; / r/pics ; / r/funny ; / r/wtf ; / r/videos, 
  edit : and in case it is n't obvious , / r/politics as well . 
  but not for children , right ? 
  man , i wanted to hear him use those big glasses . 
  sorry , i 'm not in the country atm !, 
  i 'll try to seed it whenever possible , but that wo n't be for another 1.5 weeks . 
  so fuckin ' long . 
  ( besides though , i really love it . 
  i might be biased because of the subject matter , but who cares . ), 
  for solluxander , anyway . 
  eridanxeridan will never die, 
  edit : actually this is a pretty reasonable ship . 
  you know what ? 
  i ship it . 
  all aboard the eridanxeridan wagon, 
  ( the wagon is caulked ), 
  but roma is the politically correct term for them . 
  ( where i 'm from , anyway : hungary . 
  gypsies are always on everyone 's minds here . ), 
  if it was a joke , as opposed to tasteless sarcasm , then i need it explained to me . 
  the poster is n't saying that they are worthless . 
  why are you interpreting it that way ?
