  why ? 
  dude , make your inferential distances longer . 
  it 's a joke . 
  realistically , it 'd say `` no '' so that you do n't cancel it before they can use it . 
  nothing , just the twenty bucks . 
  tl ; dred the article ( short on time ) ; it looks like it just talks about the p. aeruginosa thing from a few years ago which is not new . 
  was there anything else ? 
  yeah but , since the stairs move , you can choose whether to move or not , so you have to figure out how to optimize between the people that want to move and the people that do n't . 
  and that part 's easy to mess up . 
  now tell that to everybody in hungary, 
  then again , lately there was the nsa thing, 
  linguists are in high demand ? 
  i wish, 
  they did conquer russia . 
  that 's the khanate of the golden horde on your third map . 
  they mostly made the royals pay tribute and not much else , but it still counts . 
  i 'd assume that all my friends found it , and not have to make like 20 phone calls, 
  just burn it ... ? 
  earth life specifically, 
  edit : earth life able to survive in martian soil , climate , and atmosphere, 
  edit 2 : where would they get nitrogen from ? 
  i wish that undelete extension was still around/working . 
  i 'm curious as to what he exactly said . 
  i have 20 people with which i 'd be willing to share the info . 
  there 's a difference !, 
  eh , the geology is okay/barely acceptable for certain plants , the atmosphere is great for photosynthesis but horrible for nitrogen fixation ( compared with our 80 % n2 atmosphere , 2 % is really terrible , but compared with our < 1 % co2 atmosphere , 98 % is good if not poisonous ) . 
  the climate is , as-is , uninhabitable except to cryophiles ; on average its surface temperature is -55 c or so . 
  putting plants on a planet will not magically terraform it . 
  technically , you could theoretically turn sunlight into sugar , using mass-energy conversion . 
  it would just take a lot of sunlight . 
  ( you can turn gamma ray photons into an electron-positron pair by getting it close enough to a nucleus ; i 'm not sure how you 'd make protons , though . ), 
  i sent this from several meters below sea level , breathing from a nitrox tank . 
  more friendly to modern life , anyway . 
  really , though , the atmosphere came first ( due to photosynthesis + nitrogen fixation ) , and modern life came second . 
  no , i 'm not ... at least not of this thread, 
  black people like watermelons . 
  i mean , where did this even come from ? 
  what do black people have to do with watermelons ? 
  the only person who i know who eats a significant amount of watermelons is my 80-year-old grandfather , and he 's racist as fuck . 
  and the reason dna and proteins and everything else can exist is because some miraculous microbial process turns nitrogen gas into ammonia . 
  oh wait , the portion of mars 's atmosphere that 's nitrogen gas is 40 times less than on earth . 
  whoops . 
  also , the insane levels of co2 on mars are probably toxic to plants , despite being a reactant for photosynthesis . 
  pure oxygen is toxic to you , and that 's only 5x the concentration of oxygen you breathe . 
  co2 makes up less than 1 % of earth 's atmosphere , so mars 's 98 % co2 is much more of a surprise to plants ' physiology than pure oxygen is to yours . 
  putting plants on a planet will not magically terraform it . 
  is that a line from a book/play/movie , or did you come up with it ? 
  it 's a great line . 
  well , what was the purpose of / u/emilio _ estevez _ 's comment , then ? 
  [ i ** am ** the other guy . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zig0zzf.gif ) i 'm annoyed at ee for thinking i 'd be surprised . 
  that 's entirely okay , i think anonymity would do reddit better anyway . 
  i have no strong feelings either way about this post . 
  well , * i * want him to remember that i did n't say * anything . 
  what kind of attitude is that ? 
  believe in yourself !, 
  out of the two ? 
  and my point was that photosynthesis evolved 2.4 bya , which was after life first became a thing , so `` friendly '' is relative . 
  by `` modern '' , i meant post-2 .4 bya . 
  we can certainly still divide life up into two groups by that metric : `` life dependent on photosynthesis '' , and `` life not dependent on photosynthesis '' . 
  you 'll find all of pre-2 .4 bya life falls in the latter category , and most of post-2 .4 bya life falls in the former category ( an exception at present being anaerobic bacteria ) . 
  nitrogen fixing works on earth because our atmosphere is 80 % nitrogen . 
  the martian atmosphere is 2 % nitrogen . 
  good luck with that one . 
  pure oxygen is n't * fatal . 
  * it is toxic , though . 
  i do know of another example of people breathing pure oxygen , but i can only phrase it awkwardly because i am not familiar with the us military in detail : certain people from the navy , when they dive very deep without a tank , when they come up to the surface breathe pure oxygen , to ease decompression . 
  at the surface , pure oxygen is still not fatal . 
  only  1 atm is a fatal pressure , and even then the fatality only comes about because of muscle spasms that may make you inhale water , which kills you . 
  it has narcotic effects as well i think , similar to nitrogen . 
  ( you might be able to tell , i have been through a nitrox certification course . 
  what you might not be able to tell is that i have also been through a trimix certification course . ), 
  well , there 's a difference between toxic , and physically harmful . 
  argon is not toxic in any quantity , but if you blew me up with argon , i 'd suffocate and explode due to the physical pressure . 
  but anyway , even so that has little bearing on my argument . 
  most things are toxic in sufficiently large quantities . 
  oxygen is one of them . 
  not much else to it . 
  sort of . 
  i do n't speak spanish and i was only able to figure out `` mam\u00f3n '' . 
  do you know what the etymology of `` puta '' is ? 
  in latin it is `` lupa '' , which while similar i do not believe yields `` puta '' as a cognate . 
  it appears to be `` puta '' in castilian spanish as well . 
  sure , but it 's still entirely possible , conceivable even to turn light directly into sugar . 
  not that plants do that , but it 's wrong to say `` light has no mass , therefore it can not create mass like sugar '' . 
  kerbals are dispensable ; what risk is there involved in sending a kerbal ? 
  what is power ? 
  are my rockets electric ? 
  i thought they only ran on fuel . 
  edit : thank you , i think that was it !, 
  let me put another mission together to test it empirically . 
  edit 2 : still cutting out , but i probably need more electricity . 
  thank you !, 
  kerbal operated . 
  my fuel is fine . 
  what is it about that last part ? 
  i do n't quite understand . 
  maybe i should have mentioned that the rockets do n't produce any flame , either . 
  huh . 
  thank you !,
