  i took influence ideas as my first idea group , by the way . 
  religion and exploration will soon follow , but diplomacy is more important at the moment . 
  thanks , i certainly try !, 
  certain austronesian languages would like a word with you, 
  good art criticism , maybe, 
  oh man i 'd love to do that job . 
  i do n't think i will , for three reasons :, 
  - the suomensko religion is specifically finnic , and a poor fit for the more general uralic shamanism theme we have going on here . 
  it contains a lot of european elements , such as ukko , who is just an expy of thor , and its cosmology does n't jive with other uralic cosmologies , such as the finnish domed flat earth vs the magyar world tree . 
  if i 'm gon na have a pan-uralic empire that includes everyone from hungary to the yukhagirs ( whose status as a uralic people is spurious ) , i 'd like to have a more general label for my national religion . 
  - while this is n't ironman ( i 'm not good enough for that ) , i think there 's value in having the game play like it does for everyone else . 
  part of the reason we like aars so much is that they 're about the game * we * play ; if you were to open up eu4 right now and pick muscovy , you could have the exact same experience i had . 
  modifying the game detracts from this shared experience , and makes aars a little less relevant for everyone ( although a more complex game is always cool ) . 
  - the save would become incompatible with normal eu4 , and that would be terrible . 
  no , but i 'm not going to visit it again either . 
  role ? 
  what role ? 
  yugra for the yugrans !, 
  siberia for the siberians !, 
  and , of course , blood for the blood god !, 
  ( but thank you very much , i will certainly not let you down ), 
  knowing uralic languages is helpful . 
  in hungarian we have a ton of texts on various uralic religions , some of which are pretty old . 
  a large part of the hungarian wikipedia is copied from the [ pallas nagy lexicon ] ( http://mek.oszk.hu/00000/00060/html/index.html ) ( pallas great-lexicon ) , which was published about a century ago , and said lexicon has pretty good overviews of native religions ( see for example [ the article on the mansis ] ( http://mek.oszk.hu/00000/00060/html/107/pc010708.html#8 ) ) . 
  but even besides that , in hungarian it 's easy to turn up a ton of articles titled `` the ancient religion of the [ such-and-such uralic people ] people '' by googling for something completely irrelevant . 
  if you 're looking for english stuff , though , it 's much harder . 
  you have to find an article written by an anthropologist . 
  they tend to be either hungarian or finnish , and the finns usually write in english and the hungarians usually write in german . 
  good luck , and hope it 's on http://gen.lib.rus.ec !, 
  if we restrict it like that , it 'll end up spawning in rhodes way more often . 
  all in good time !, 
  the estonians are allied with poland , and finland is currently subsumed in the more powerful sweden ( who thankfully wo n't convert anything yet , as finnish is accepted ) . 
  i 'll deal with them after i 've gotten rid of nogai and the golden horde . 
  even then , the more pressing issue will be saving the khantys and mansis from the yoke of the uzbeks ( by then probably the yoke of the siberian tatars , as the uzbeks are currently at war with the timurids , which means they 'll form bukhara soon and kick sibir out ) . 
  if you 're zach 's brother , why are n't you ginger ? 
  zach just got lucky with a recessive gene ? 
  you 're probably thinking of the papuan languages . 
  i mean a bunch of oceanic languages , like marshallese and sort-of gilbertese . 
  it is a concept for a pan-uralic flag that has been floating around the internet for a while . 
  while it is based on uralic knitting patterns , it is a mere shadow of what the actual knitting patterns are like . 
  i 'll find a way to incorporate the knitting patterns into subsequent issues of this aar , do n't worry , because they look much better than this flag . 
  breaking : pope excommunicates world 's glaciers , says their warming is proof that they are servants of hell . 
  i did this by accident to someone who was watching me play smb on a 12 - hour flight . 
  i just was n't used to the simple mechanics . 
  after i fucked up on a hammer bro for the third time in a row in world 8 , he shook his head in disgust and turned his attention to something else . 
  i still feel sorry for him ; i got past the level on the next try . 
  yup . 
  i 'll just stay out of samoyed lands ; the rest are either `` uralic '' or not uralic at all , so there 's no problem there . 
  spain , perhaps , but late-game , and i plan to take out the colonizers before they can do much damage . 
  those are all `` finno-ugric '' culture provinces that they have in scandinavia , though . 
  is * ancient rome * supposed to be set in ancient rome ? 
  because if it is , well ... let 's say there 's inaccuracies . 
  practically everybody agrees on the ottomans as being the easiest country for beginners . 
  or at least , they did until 1.11 , after which france no longer starts out at war with england and with a million vassals , making france about equally as good a candidate as the ottomans . 
  the ottos still have more immediate routes of expansion , though , so i 'd say they 're still the best beginner 's country . 
  i need a dictionary to understand that definition, 
  no they 're not . 
  exterminate them !, 
  the colonial countries like england and portugal are easier than the ottomans , but a beginner will learn a lot less about eu4 mechanics from playing them . 
  well , not that, 
  well , he * could * have 6 siege pips, 
  imo using the mouse is * far * more effort, 
  why would it be close to gaelic ? 
  what does gaelic have to do with english ? 
  it 's entirely an ecclesiastical language . 
  there are zero first-language speakers . 
  ( unless you 're talking about the people who live in italy , spain , france , romania , etc. , who speak languages that are n't considered latin anymore . ), 
  last monday i thought it was wednesday . 
  it messed up something semi-critical in my schedule , but hopefully it wo n't matter in the long run . 
  selecting 's way easier than right clicking and clicking the dialogue . 
  but no , i would n't subject myself to firefox , as cool as vimperator is . 
  okay , maybe mr. white * is * pandora . 
  hmm , good thought , i always figured that that mark was more figurative than literal . 
  like , it could let someone be invisible , or something . 
  but cool find if it turns out to be relevant !, 
  what 's your idiolect 's background ? 
  i just delete the schwa , or on the rare occasion that i do n't , i voice it . 
  ( my background is pretty complicated , but basically , i learned english at a young age in new jersey , and can also pronounce hungarian and czech like a native speaker . 
  my first language is hungarian . ), 
  clearly it is god striking down the infidels as punishment for their sinful actions . 
  namely , they wear animal hide together with linen . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  i was * just * thinking we needed something to counteract the usual unoriginal `` glory to % country % !, 
  '' - type aars we have around here . 
  this is perfect . 
  no , but for what it 's worth , that looks like a pretty accurate reproduction of the austro-hungarian empire, 
  a protestant hungary ? 
  huh , it 's possible , but it 's not venn-diagram-shaped , and i do n't think dan is enough of a cs nerd for that . 
  a special needs child who constantly gets invaded by the ottomans . 
  but for the record wwi was entirely austria 's fault . 
  guys , i ca n't hate imgur properly when you 're being so hypocritical . 
  they * are * a real website , with a real big community . 
  it 's just that they think they 're better than reddit for some reason , and are pretty ignorant about the existence of other websites . 
  and usually their comments are terrible . 
  they 're like 9gag if its content were managed poorly and its users were dumber . 
  that 's ... completely untrue . 
  english is and has always been germanic . 
  english is descended from middle english , which is descended from old english , which is descended from proto-anglo-frisian , which is descended from proto-germanic . 
  gaelic and co. are celtic languages indigenous to western europe , and the british isles in particular . 
  ( well , relatively indigenous anyway .
