  but the point is that if you * identify * as a tiger , then all you are doing is rejecting your current biological makeup and wishing for another one , which is n't any sort of flaw . 
  edit : downvotes , really ? 
  what , you want me to make a witty joke instead ? 
  jeez , next time i wo n't try to be empathetic . 
  wow , no wonder their session failed . 
  everyone was just so fucked up . 
  ah , so the argument is more biology . 
  i accept that . 
  i do n't really even see how they 're different from humans , besides a few biological traits . 
  they appear to think the same way . 
  well , the only option that leads to complete romantic compatibility is karkat/terezi , because otherwise dave would continue dating her and jade would be left without a romantic partner ( assuming that davesprite and dirk are out of the picture and john and jake the question ) . 
  this does n't solve the situation for john , however ; one of his only remaining viable romantic pairings is rose , who , if accepts , leaves kanaya without a girlfriend . 
  this would all be solved if vriska were available , but afawk she ca n't exist outside of dreambubbles . 
  also , then * tavros * would be left without a romantic pair . 
  this may all be changed with the addition of the alpha kids to the dating pool , though . 
  why ???? 
  i hate having a one-man hateclub ; i ca n't imagine he likes it any more than i do . 
  who 's the guy on the far left ? 
  to be fair , self-interest is n't a crime unless it hurts someone . 
  the thing is , a world populated entirely by reddit-types ( or just stem-majors in general ) would be just as much of a dystopia as a world populated entirely by ... uh ... dumbasses . 
  the problems would just be different . 
  but whyyyyyy, 
  it has jake being polyamorous with dirk * and * the shades ... 
  the idiocracy dumbasses do n't romanticize space . 
  a picture of that ship appeared here a while back , actually . 
  it 's a part of everyone , though , when you think about it like that . 
  and then it starts to lose its meaning . 
  or gold pilot , or fuchsia ruler , or cobalt thief , or indigo heir , or olive rogue ... how can you throw all those out ? 
  ( personally i found iron knight to be repetitive and unoriginal , but maybe that 's just me ), 
  of course . 
  it 's not like she 's lying . 
  what karkat means is that it 's not debilitating in any way . 
  it does n't put you at any sort of disadvantage in any situation , except cooking competitions . 
  and cooking competitions are lame compared to sburb . 
  put a backslash in front of the first underscore !, 
  ( by the way , that was a subtle cat pun ), 
  the reason that i do n't subscribe to this theory is that it would be really pointless for terezi to die !, 
  if it turns out that terezi died , then that would be diabolus ex machina and would n't carry the story any further . 
  same thing if it turned out to be an alternate terezi . 
  it 's the theory of narrative causality . 
  it would be apt for zahhak to lack touch , though . 
  nitram could lack one of the other twenty or so senses we have . 
  mituna already lacks equilibrioception ... the only other big one that is n't covered by touch is proprioception , which really is a bitch . 
  i prefer the term `` neckbeards '' . 
  your point of view is definitely worth more than mine or karkat 's . 
  lack of it , i mean . 
  i mean imagine having to look at your body parts to tell where they are !, 
  you fucking keep knocking over things and squeezing them too much . 
  it 's much harder to learn how to type . 
  it sucks !, 
  no , just jake/aradia . 
  it 's been repeatedly stated ( mostly in q&a 's ) that kanaya is unusual in regards to her sexuality because she exclusively prefers females . 
  i do n't know . 
  :( i 'm horrible at searching for them . 
  ask around ; lots of other people know them by heart , an would be more than happy to tell you about kanaya and how she 's a lesbian . 
  hmm ... is n't this a repost ? 
  not that i mind . 
  gamzee would be good with tavros , if vriska were to pair up with john . 
  i 'd pair aradia and equius . 
  i intentionally left eridan out . 
  i do n't know where sollux fits into this . 
  i could pair the two up as kismeses , but it would be more comical to leave eridan without any romantic pairings . 
  you always end up with this one odd ship to balance the equation ... in this case , sollux/nepeta . 
  right , that 's where i get my opinion from as well . 
  sorry ; you just came across as sarcastic for some reason . 
  try going down after you 've gotten there ? 
  it 's a giant gas cloud . 
  the inside layer , sometimes opaque and definitely high-humidity , could be hallucinogenic . 
  the outside layer is an envelope of air tens of thousands of kilometers in radius , making the air in the medium breathable for everyone . 
  outside of that there 's the furthest ring , which we know is a vacuum because the meteor does n't slow down because of fluid friction . 
  we have n't had a new subscriber in over an hour !, 
  panic !!, 
  hi , can you tell me some paper sources that would support this claim ? 
  i have a color theory book here in my lap , and it talks of things such as `` true primaries '' which can not be mixed ( c m and y to be precise ) . 
  i do n't believe a word of it , of course , but i need to find a text that does , to support my own point of view . 
  * lol yeah nerds *, 
  it 's a fucking language . 
  you do n't have to be smart to be able to program . 
  it 's a skill . 
  real discussion : this is what it looks like . 
   someone writes more than two paragraphs, 
  i do n't understand . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  so , when is a troll parodying reddit going to come out ? 
  kankri comes close , but is n't exactly a neckbeard . 
  but that makes no sense . 
  a german would pronounce english v 's and w 's the same way . 
  maybe occasionally a v as [ f ] if he was n't paying attention . 
  me neither . 
  i think we 're too insignificant . 
  i like it a lot , but that monophonic piano is wigging me out . 
  the instrument is capable of so much more !, 
  i mean , so is the cello , but the piano can play up to ten sounds at once ; twenty if it 's four-hands !, 
  and there are so many more rhythms you could give it which would n't interefere with the measured pace of the piece ... 
  when i saw it out of the corner of my eye , i thought it had to do with guns . 
  i do n't understand the punchline of that particular strip ... is it character-dependent ? 
  ^ ( ( also thanks !, 
  man . 
  i 'm majoring in biomedical and chemical engineering , but i 'll never get to explain something as cool as this . 
  the coolest thing i do is breed antibodies in cancer cells .
