  if i 'd been using gentoo , then i 'd have had a miserable time finding this stuff out ( or i 'd just be reading the arch wiki anyway , i guess , but the platform-independence of bugs is not always the case ) . 
  the first computer is a hand-me-down from my parents . 
  when the priest came over to our house to bless ... something , may have been a dog ? 
  he threw in a blessing on the computer as well . 
  i do believe he charged for blessing the dog , but not for the computer . 
  he did not make any statements as to what the blessing should do , and under what conditions it is invalidated ( i imagine none ? ) . 
  the second was in my trunk when i went to the semiannual car-blessing . 
  again , the deacon ( i think it was the deacon but i 'm not completely sure ) charged for blessing the car , but threw in the computer blessing for free . 
  again , no statements were made about how anything works . 
  i think blessing something is supposed to make it holy , i.e. 
  bring it under the scrutiny and protection of god , but not necessarily directly increase its performance . 
  so maybe watching porn on a blessed computer does n't invalidate the blessing , but may ruin one 's prospects for the afterlife if god is n't okay with porno . 
  but i 'm no theologist , so i do n't really know . 
  how disgusting would it have been if the primordial glyph had just farted out a pyroblast to give him the win despite him completely losing board ? 
  ( the answer is very ), 
  i think a * human * would have a hard time having a coherent conversation with itself using nothing but xkcd references . 
  that and loooooaaaans . 
  so many loans . 
  uralic conlang buddy !, 
  let 's agree to never explain our conlangs to each other . 
  well , it 's from an alt history where the asian magyars did n't get completely wiped out by the mongols , but i do n't actually know enough about russian to fill it with russian loans like every other language in the region has . 
  is that you ? 
  ( i mean obviously not since it just says 9smjbdds minus the diacritics but damn they 're similar ), 
  pulling a win out of your ass with a bunch of rng is never going to be `` poetic '' , but it can at least be fair if your opponent got a similar amount of luck . 
  op 's opponent had five cards over them . 
  if op values their time highly compared to getting a win , they should concede there . 
  we all very appreciate the fact that you care about us as an audience , adam , but if you can , please do n't feel stressed out about us . 
  we have faith that you 've got all this . 
  kinda defeats the point, 
  that 's ... actually hilarious , we 've come full circle, 
  and thank god we 're out of the era of shitty neutral cards , hopefully permanently . 
  more healbots please . 
  wait , they sort of stole the `` banana '' gag from the minions . 
  i mean , i guess it 's fair , considering that the minions are in the same tradition as the rabbids , and probably draw heavy inspiration from them ? 
  i mean , i wish they 'd do something interesting with their platformers . 
  the last time they did anything cool with them was galaxy and galaxy 2 . 
  there 's so much design space to explore , but they 'd rather remake nsmb or something for the millionth time . 
  this is n't the same mario games over and over , sure , but it is n't what we were looking for . 
  ( still looks fun though . ), 
  they sure did , but they did n't invent the trope , and it 's not like the creators of the minions sat down and said , `` you know what we should do ? 
  let 's rip off * the rabbids * by ubisoft . '', 
  can you imagine those stuffy writers and/or execs even playing a rabbids game ? 
  i do n't want to just call the minions a ripoff , because that 's certainly not what they are . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  i could n't finish 3d world ; it was a long , uninteresting slog . 
  so does this count as plantigrade , or digitigrade ? 
  foot 's clearly inclined , but all that padding at the heel means a bunch of their weight is supported by it . 
  looks plantigrade to me , despite all the comments . 
  afaik : mammals can digest lactose when they 're young , on account of their mother 's milk containing it . 
  but most mammals , including many ( very roughly half of ? ), 
  humans , lose the ability to digest lactose when they grow up . 
  some humans , however , evolved the ability to digest lactose well into old age , because they kept cows and drank their milk all the time . 
  i do not know of any other animal this has happened to . 
  not sure how this relates to what you said , because by this account , all kittens should be able to handle milk , but then all adult cats should n't , regardless of whether they had milk when they were young . 
  never heard of that ; afaik it 's completely genetic . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lactase#genetic_expression_and_regulation ) is [ silent , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lactase_persistence#in_nonhumans ) at least . 
  but then everybody will start playing mr card draw + board clear again . 
  those nerfs made me salty because they completely killed my yogg n load hunter , but unnerfed yogg really is one of the most obnoxiously great cards in the game ( compare deathwing , which clears board and * discards * cards , in exchange for consistently giving you a 12/12 , which is already a good card ) . 
  no one neutral card should have all that power , as much as i hate to say it . 
  thought i was gon na see a link in the comments , [ guess i 'll have to do it ] ( https://youtu.be/tyjhhuy-khy?t=2m26s ), 
  nerfing it to 2 mana : gain 4 mana is n't a terrible idea actually , although it would then still be able to be coined . 
  the most overpowered card in eternal , then ? 
  i think the logic is that you have been around since turn 1 , so you do n't have summoning sickness yourself . 
  but getting rid of charge would make it sort of balanced , i guess ? 
  yeah , but dies to her own sword , among other things . 
  not quite not the best card in eternal , but maybe not completely nuts ? 
  last comic i was believing their story but now it 's a little suspicious . 
  that looks a lot like what people pretending to be in love in order to steal research would act like , rather than people who are just ( secretly ) in love . 
  here 's hoping i 'm wrong . 
   maggie and jack both have grey skin, 
  according to the wiki , this happens if a unit has undergone some sort of major hardship , and is called `` ashen '' signamancy . 
  note that isaac has acquired this . 
  does n't seem so bad . 
  the double agent who 's trying to take him down is about to get found out . 
  not heavy , just expensive , i guess . 
   i even wonder if there is a `` shadow men '' organization . 
  seems an odd name unless they are anti-court . 
  to be fair , it is a very badass name for a secret police . 
  but if they are members of the secret police rather than * rogue * members of the secret police , whatever they 're gon na end up doing will probably be pretty much the worst thing that could possibly happen to kat . 
  not every language has the ` + + ` idiom , but it did seem like the guy you replied to was going for some oop descendant of c so i guess it 's fair game, 
  definitely , but ` + = 1 ` * was * changed to ` + + ` and it does n't seem completely justifiable, 
  i mentally bet on which movie reference was gon na be at the top of the thread . 
  figured it was gon na be * 300 , * not * the lion king , * but check it out :, 
  - * the lion king : * 2463 points, 
  - * 300 : * 72 points + 32 points, 
  - * star wars : * between 13 and 17 points ( `` exact '' score not shown yet ), 
  it 's a little fascinating . 
  also , the star wars reference is for an irrelevant scene from ep iii 's climax for some reason , instead of the climax of ep v , ep vi , or ep i , or the turning point of ep iii . 
  meme power , i guess . 
  you 're supposed to plug it into a computer or [ one of those cigarette lighter plug things in your car , ] ( http://www.prepaymania.co.uk/capsta/photo2/universal-mini-usb-plug-in-car-charger-black-d.jpg ) but you 're right , it 's completely unhelpful here . 
  i mean , i guess it replaces whatever cable you were going to charge it with wholesale , but it 's really damn short and relies on the original cable being plugged in specifically via usb . 
   well , only until they run out of juice . 
  so assuming it 's even possible , the discount must be minimal , the juice cost onerous , or both , and the caster might perhaps be better off doing something else with their time . 
  specifically , as long as the maximum amount of discount a moneymancer can achieve in a turn is less than their upkeep , it 's not exploitable . 
  i mean , speech-to-text while driving is n't exactly the height of safety either . 
  my mother uses speech-to-text unless absolutely necessary , on account of her arthritis making it painful to type . 
  it 's cool how far technology has come in this area ; often she will speech-type in hungarian , which is highly agglutinative ( so the strategy of fitting individual words does n't really help , you have to do it on the morpheme level ) and a relatively minor language . 
  generally her iphone handles it just fine , which is really impressive . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  hopefully it does n't result in a lot of pointless administrative overhead , but if they can actually pull it off , it will be mildly impressive .
