  most classes could theoretically answer this . 
  with the loss of lightbomb , though , i guess priest does n't belong to them ... 
  what do you recommend against [ highland midges ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highland_midge ), 
  lead designer of blizzard 's trading card game * hearthstone . 
  * he 's currently in the memes for seeming more or less okay with the lack of balance in the hearthstone meta , and for providing some questionable justifications for recent design decisions ( such as printing a terrible card for what is currently the worst class ) . 
  i mean , at this point ... 
  i mean , you can see for yourself , it 's not very bright . 
  you look at the edh and think icelandic or faroese , but we 're dealing with something much less knowledgeable . 
  ( also , it does n't have faroese . ), 
  the alphabet thing ca n't be the only heuristic it uses , since you can put sentences in english that are comprised exclusively of letters also present in tagalog into it and it will tell you english , but i think it just looks for certain word endings or something , and the creator could n't be bothered to do that for every language , so it falls back on the more basic heuristics for languages that are n't english ( and possibly other ones ) . 
  percentage of icelandic alphabet present in the text : perhaps 80 % ? 
  it 's missing at least the thorn , the o , u , and y with the accents , \u00e6 , and x. 
  percentage of tagalog alphabet present in the text : 85 % , possibly 89 % if it does n't count the missing `` ng '' . 
  ( the only two letters of the abakada not present in this are p and w. ), 
  but it consistently picks certain languages when the language is n't supported . 
  they must somehow be the `` default '' for its heuristic , or the languages most easily matched by its heuristic . 
  i do n't think it relies on anything more complicated than pattern-matching and letter frequency , and the alphabet thing is the most reasonable explanation inside that . 
  try the deck for yourself , most of the time it 's absolutely trash when you do n't draw the combo . 
  kripp was open about this . 
  it 's not actually a good deck . 
  what about http://untap.in ? 
  kinda buggy but basically works, 
  or their hero power, 
  eu4 is also a board game . 
  it even rolls dice . 
  to be fair , nobody cares about those . 
  but you could only leave it inside one time . 
  what 's the point then ? 
  right , but the advantage of the coin not being real is that you could leave the cart without returning it , at no cost to you . 
  but that only works once , since you lose the coin . 
  aggro is weak in esl ? 
  i thought the meta in esl was just zoo vs zoo . 
  i 'm so glad this was brought up . 
  hearing his attack line makes me so happy , and i 've never been more in agreement with a hearthstone minion . 
  too bad he 's a mage class card , otherwise i 'm sure he 'd be overjoyed to be in my 26-spell yogg 'n' load deck . 
  got ta make a freeze mage . 
  wish i had the cards . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  babbling book makes me happy , too ... 
  it took me about 20 seconds to figure out you were n't saying that italian is a language isolate, 
  hey , that 's us !, 
  i 'm glad to see this awesome sub getting attention ; in its current state , once / u/the _ alaskan gets tired of posting submissions there it will be dead . 
   used to, 
  what changed ? 
  maybe he 's caucasian and pronounces it `` ksbox '', 
  falso is just * that powerful . 
  you should see the georgian alphabet, 
  yogg killing you is really rare . 
  i 'd say on average he does like ... 3-5 damage to my face whenever i play him ? 
  that 's with 10 + spells every time , over a couple hundred games . 
  he 's card draw and a possible board clear , similar to [ doom !, 
  the brawl definitely came after the portals ; blizzard would n't add four new cards just for a brawl, 
  you got downvoted , but you 're absolutely right . 
  it 's really weird . 
  or just play two firelands portals over two turns , although the opponent probably has those useless moonglade portals in hand, 
  translation : `` it 's old news '', 
  these flavor events make me regret playing hipstery ligor . 
  i just did n't want to be buddhist ... :(, 
  the trick is to start as ayutthaya . 
  then you sell some land to ligor , wait while they core it , and then declare war on them and annex them . 
  then you do the standard take a bunch of loans + hire a bunch of troops on ligori soil + release ligor thing . 
  you are now a larger ligor with a squishy bankrupt overlord . 
  not necessarily , but getting merchandise based on that show ? 
  sure . 
  it * can * be nerdy . 
  and you can be nerdy without buying merch . 
  being nerdy , like many other things , is a grab bag of traits that often come together -- investing a lot of time in something , talking a lot about something , buying merch of something , thinking a lot about something , having nuanced opinions of something . 
  not every nerdy person does all of those things , but if a few of those behaviors come together , it 's clearly identifiable as nerdiness . 
  it depends on the town . 
  i live in a town shaped roughly like mayview , and if i 'm getting the scale right , then that 's at least 50 minutes ' walk . 
  walking to the base of the hill is common , but walking that far out from it ? 
  what a time sink . 
  ( also , does this place have no buses ? ), 
  well , if you 've got better ideas for surviving as a really weak vassal ... :p, 
  i developed the technique while trying to conquer most of the north as shamanist perm . 
  it was really frustrating having to restart 20 times just to be independent . 
  it 's a great finisher , it would be overpowered . 
  more like : 15 hp , but the attack restores health instead of dealing damage . 
  ( which is useless ... 
  i 'm sure there 's a way to make a good card out this , but that 's too much effort for the sake of a meme . ), 
  but they * were * printed , and zoo was/is still the top of the meta . 
  but that 's actually good, 
  yeah , it 's just that it does n't mirror the terribleness of vanilla majordomo :p, 
  wait , are you saying zoo lacks aoe , or lacks resistance to aoe ? 
  if the former , there 's still [ [ shadowflame ] ] , one of the best aoe cards in the game . 
  if the latter , zoo can circumvent weak aoes that act on their turn ( such as abomination and explosive trap ) with defender of argus and power overwhelming , and while it 's true that it ca n't do much against aoe on the opponent 's turn ( unlike divine shield paladin ) , zoo still runs possessed villager and can tech in argent squire , and can recover from an aoe with forbidden ritual . 
  maybe he does some manner of windy thing to whoosh it back, 
  already a thing ( minus the gay sex ) , dude did it for a hackathon i believe, 
  is trick , word is e-grade and thus requires no umlauts ( just lots of e 's ), 
  only one : `` sz ** \u00fc ** letett '', 
  honestly though , if the hitbox were yuuuge then it would have hit someone in the front . 
  seems it 's actually about the size of my dick, 
  [ it 's a thing though ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/overview_effect ), 
  it 's cause they are children , zing !, 
  but yeah , this term has a long and respected history in the jargon of people who know things about computers . 
  i think it 's got an entry in the jargon file , for example , although that 's relatively not so old a work ( updated from the early 90s through the early 2000s ), 
  does n't buff ( tunnel ) yogg , unplayable, 
  it was 100 % out by then .
