  fine , so he got the rules a little wrong . 
  but it 's not like it is n't only certain situations that produce these pronunciations . 
  for example , ( and correct me if i 'm wrong ) , i think the < o  in < women  is entirely unique for being pronounced [ \u026a ] . 
  fuck , when i leave comments that reddit hates up , all i get is more hate . 
  what am i doing wrong ? 
  my connection was being terrible and making the image not load , and i glanced at the title and the preview icon , and i thought , `` oh , he 's warning against online citation programs . 
  makes sense , they suck . '', 
  i was very surprised !, 
  personally , i just made my own program based on a copy of strunk & amp ; white and use that , or use bibtex if i 'm writing my paper in latex ( which is most of the time ) . 
  a better system would n't get compromised though . 
  i do n't dream of a day wit little/no government , or a day where this government is filled with good people , i dream of a day when our government is filled with good people , and it can only ever be that way , and it puts those good people into a position to do good things , and make intelligent decisions that benefit everybody . 
  a government that is impossible to corrupt , and a government that is powerful . 
  ideally it would have the idealistic traits of communism , but it seems that communist governments go corrupt super easily , so it 's a very complicated problem . 
  once i got seven of the same vowel , but it was a or o or something , so slightly worse . 
  i played it off like a champ though . 
  still won even . 
  by that logic , we should eliminate humans as well as government . 
  let 's try working around flaws instead . 
  it is literally the hitler-rocket . 
  whatever , still using , but ... really ? 
  edit : it got me to laythe . 
  good enough for me . 
  do n't worry , i know what i 'm doing . 
  the truth is two fuel lines on each set of three tanks are redundant ( i wanted them to pool their fuel ) , so i did one back and one forward for each combination of two tanks . 
  i did n't actually need the last back/forth , because the two tanks were already linked via the third tank , but i think it 's neater this way . 
  well , they did use an eagle , so there 's that . 
  i think the swastika effect only works on symbols that were semi-obscure to begin with . 
  i got it once , tried for a second one for several hours , and i gave up and installed mechjeb . 
  maybe they looped it in the original animation , to a degree ? 
  i 'm on a phone , so i ca n't check close up . 
  he means that the spelling is not preventing you from understanding the meaning . 
  i think he misinterpreted op 's comment , though . 
  unfortunately , i do n't remember . 
  well duh , there 's nothing intrinsically bad about the symbol , but it 's still very bad now , because of its association with nazis . 
  i did n't know either ; i thought all jrpgs were bounded at the sides . 
  sure . 
  you 're not going to find any eastern people on this subreddit that are n't western , though , if that makes any sense . 
  apparently not ; the design works beautifully . 
  only if you place your rcs thrusters in a balanced manner . 
  i think rendezvous is harder , though . 
  planning hohmann transfers is hard !, 
  `` 0.002 tonnes to orbit ! '', 
  marijuana taste-tester ? 
  come on , do n't leave us hanging . 
  instead of reversing `` this '' and `` read '' , i unconsciously inserted a `` find '' between `` always '' and `` this '' . 
  i first read `` read '' in the present tense , and i was like , `` well that makes no sense . '', 
  and then i reread it with `` read '' as the perfect passive participle ( still inserting `` find '' ) , and i was like , `` oh . '', 
  and thought that the read/read thing was the thing you were supposed to read wrong , and moved on . 
  john : turn into wind and blow over to other side of door . 
  i 've known some very smart people ( like , people who went to mit ) who wrote using no punctuation or capitalization , terrible spelling , and text-speak all over the place . 
  and it 's not like they were socially disabled or anything ; they could speak english very well and hold enjoyable conversation for a long time . 
  i could believe that this is an actual person . 
  well , he 's got a point . 
  i work in protein engineering atm ( i 'm a biomedical engineer ) , and while i 've never tried sticking proteins in microwaves , i 'm pretty sure it would tear them apart , along with anything that 's at a similar level of organization or above . 
  i do n't think that 's too relevant though , since protein degradation ( protein digestion ) is independent of the structure of the protein anyway . 
  what the fuck ? 
  what are bash and python doing in c ? 
  that 's not so impressive . 
  i was using a rocket meant to ferry people to and back from mun , and i accidentally landed * that * on eve . 
  he gave eve smallpox . 
  `` cancer is not an excuse '' : either a total asshole , or maybe it was an employee 's spouse , so slightly more understandable but still total asshole . 
  what ... ? 
  i 've never ever heard of such a thing . 
  that 's terrible !, 
  how do you know bogus roxy is dead ? 
  her head is still intact . 
  ( to tell the truth , though , she was n't alive in the first place , so my post is moot . ), 
  i feel out of the loop . 
  can someone explain to me what the al qaeda has in the syrian civil war ? 
  i thought the scw was terrible only because it was a war ( and brutal , civil one at that ) . 
  nope , i had stuff in my ship folders to spare . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  ( it started working , for little apparent reason ), 
  if it 's made of parts , it 's beautiful . 
   god , we need an update . 
  i like how there 's two ways to interpret that . 
  either you 're using `` god '' as an interjection to show that you feel strongly about that statement , or you 're addressing god with the need for an update . 
  ah , i see , thank you . 
  although , it 's a little bit of an overstatement to call them '' [ basically ] the entire opposition '' . 
  i did badly in math * and * knew both differential and integral calculus by age fifteen . 
  beat that !, 
  reddit is some of the nicest people you 've ever met ? 
  time to get your eyes checked , idiot . 
  for me it was the opposite way . 
  blackadder taught me a lot of english , and then later i saw mr. bean and had the revelation that this mute guy was the same actor . 
  okay genius , if i wanted to make a dish salty , what should i use instead of salt ? 
  i am curious as to why you put `` fucking '' exactly there as opposed to anywhere else . 
  you wanted to emphasize the fact that they are comics ? 
  how can you tell ? 
  i think it is . 
  it has too much `` penguin of doom '' in it to not be ; the account is named `` randomnezz4eva123 '' , and the intro is alternating nocaps and textspeak . 
  while i do n't agree , your cynicism is refreshingly pure and concentrated . 
  `` had an affect '', 
  `` weather or not '', 
  etc. . . 
  you should just ignore it , especially since language has n't stopped being arbitrary . 
  that 's true , i ca n't believe i did n't think of that . 
  but it 's still a condiment , like you said . 
  english is not my first language . 
  i want to understand english .
