  who 's even to say all of our fears are more sensible ? 
  pun intended ? 
  was it , like , a metaphorical pun ? 
  as in , sharp in terms of focus , but sharp also in terms of jarring ? 
  salamanders have very short lifespans , that 's why . 
  oh yeah , i forgot that those pictures had to be taken first . 
  it was n't really the focus of the piece . 
  ( no pun intended . ), 
  even the eastern newts here in new jersey live over a decade , usually . 
  although the ones i kept in captivity only lasted for seven years and nine years respectively . 
  how would life form there in the first place ? 
  it took a very special and warm environment here on earth . 
  okay . 
  :( what i mean is , though , that the character is a discrete `` guy '' ( a person walking around ) , and the `` blob '' is the visual representation of the amplitude distribution of the possible configuration states of the guy 's position ; it looks like a blob because all the different locations that the guy could have are spread out . 
  if you try to collapse the wavefunction , the program picks out a random ( with probability of each part proportional to the squared modulus of the thickness of the blob at that point , of course , which is constrained to positive reals for the sake of simplicity ) part of the blob , and the blob condenses to that particular point and your guy appears . 
  what am i misunderstanding ? 
  where would they get ammonia from ? 
  not that life without nitrogen is inconceivable , but it 's pretty darn important to us . 
  we got ammonia because lightning fixed our n2 for us ; europa would have to get it some other way . 
  and they do n't even have n2 to begin with ; all they have is oxygen . 
  whatever life there is there , it 's all hydrocarbons . 
  lipids and sugars . 
  they ca n't have proteins , because there 's no nitrogen . 
  no rna or dna , either . 
  rna and dna can always be substituted with something else , but proteins are pretty fundamental to our life . 
  what would they catalyze reactions with , if not enzymes ? 
  if there 's life there , chemically analyzing its metabolism will be the most useful thing we 've ever done , because then we can learn how to make versatile catalysts without nitrogen . 
  this is a new one . 
  ( compared to the other answers i got . ), 
   bytes are a limited resource, 
  is n't bandwidth a problem ? 
  how many subreddits do you think there are , twelve ? 
  there are at least ten more appropriate subreddits . 
  for example , / r/humanporn would appreciate this more . 
  it would be relevant in / r/highschool as well . 
  ( i * think * this is a high school . 
  ca n't be sure . ), 
  what about / r/mildlyinteresting ? 
  to write it out in mandarin ? 
  good luck , the guy may even be able to get a word out . 
  encode it some other way instead . 
  maybe install a siren not far from the site that sounds like a very loud bird local to the area , but really bleeps information out in slow morse code pinyin . 
  you could even encode the tonality alongside the pinyin , by controlling the pitch of the siren . 
  but of course make it only sporadic , so that no one thinks it 's unusual . 
  yes , but very very few environments produce life , and we have our eye on europa because its environment looks a lot like the one that created our life . 
  i mean imagine a 50-dimensional graph with axes like `` carbon concentration '' and `` silicon concentration '' and `` heat '' and so forth . 
  there are several very tiny bubbles on that graph in which life could form . 
  do n't forget also to account for change over time as well : life would have a hard time forming in today 's environment ( well , mostly ) , and today 's life would have a hard time surviving in the environment life first formed in . 
  europa is interesting because it seems possible that it could be in the same bubble as us . 
  it 's very very unlikely that it 's in any of the other bubbles . 
  of course , stranger things have happened . 
  grandad seems to be fine , given his puffy lips . 
  mom and dad i would n't be so sure about ; they seem like examples of it . 
  i dunno about grandma . 
  i just ca n't see the word euphoric * on reddit , in a big sub * without thinking of that quote !, 
  okay , but it sounded like you were saying that this is the most appropriate subreddit available , which is far from the case . 
  actually , i refuse to take anything they prescribe for anything . 
  ( i was prescribed vyvanase , not adderall , though . ), 
  we 've had a very similar one not long ago , though . 
  that 's unilaterally a synonym for `` flammable '' . 
  homestuck fans will thank you everywhere . 
  do you think / r/homestuck would mind a crosspost ? 
  ( and , of course , / r/onetruegod ! ), 
  the reason that things should go in the correct sub is that people who subscribe to particular subs have particular expectations of those subs . 
  for example , i subscribe to / r/biology . 
  i subscribe to it because i want to see posts about biology on my front page . 
  if someone posted a picture of a bird with arms in / r/biology , and could not connect it to biology enough to justify posting it in a sub for biology posts , i 'd be extremely annoyed with them , because * i signed up for biology posts , not pictures of birds with arms . 
  * if i wanted to see pictures if birds with arms , i 'd subscribe to / r/birdswitharms . 
  this may sound entitled of me , but the fact is that the person posting something irrelevant to a sub in the sub to which it is irrelevant is inconveniencing everyone who signed up to that sub because they thought that they 'd see relevant posts . 
  you are expected to conform to social expectations , because that optimizes enjoyment . 
  you ca n't fudge the categories too much , or else you wo n't enjoy the benefit of having categories in the first place . 
  i 'm sure this is n't lost on you , but it 's the answer to your question . 
  whoa , i never looked at it that way . 
  unsubbing from eli5 now . 
  web developing is going to get slightly more painful ? 
  no problem , i guess . 
  texas ... hydrogen ? 
  ( where i 'm from , that 's called `` deuterium '' -- oh wait ), 
  there 's a planet out there that looks like it might be made of diamond . 
  i ca n't find the article , though . 
  you 're both fired . 
  this happened to me , and it turned out my mobo was broken . 
  but troubleshoot first . 
  but also be ready to rma it . 
  solution : strap a heater to tom cruise 's back . 
  or , strap a heater to * his * back , and have a guy following him around with a heater . 
  reading this on my phone :, 
   that 's actually a pretty, 
  it 's actually a pretty . 
  wow , this thread is racist . 
  does n't even matter whether or not it 's a joke . 
  that does n't count . 
  it has to last a minute on a continuously-ticking clock . 
  the point of the submission is to compare how long one minute of continuous consciousness ( besides the sleep one , i guess ) feels in different situations . 
  you 're conscious for several minutes for every football minute . 
  it feels longer because it * is . 
  * that misses the point of the submission . 
  there 's more , they just do n't follow a numeric naming scheme . 
  much better than if he was a pimply teenager . 
  at least he looks intelligent and is sort of hot .
