  i will try this out . 
  edit : this works !, 
  thank you !, 
  i kept mistaking people with netherlands flair for hungarians , so i changed my flair text to screw with people accordingly . 
  that 's actually fairly romantic . 
  when i picture someone on reddit trying to sound romantic , i either picture a guy in a fedora inviting someone to their battlestation room ( neckbeard optional ) , or a stoner in sweatpants making awkward small talk . 
  how would a windows user ( not me ) get a bash shell on their computer ? 
  cygwin ? 
  how did you fuel the tug during reentry ? 
  i see no obvious fuel tank . 
  i did n't know that . 
  how would that work , exactly ? 
  it has its own / bin , plus a / usr/bin/git ? 
  also a / usr/share/man . 
  interesting and weird . 
  who says so ? 
  if its an opinion , you can express it . 
  and no matter how far removed you get , it 's still an opinion . 
  i went to high school too, 
  i did n't notice . 
  ... i 'm not simplifying anything ... and it depends on what system for what purpose , anyway . 
  does n't stop anyone in hungary though . 
  same with black jokes . 
  please not / r/linguistics . 
  please do n't answer an honest question with an insult . 
  that 's rude . 
  oh , sorry , now i at least understand your comment . 
  the issue is that it 's * not * clear which part you think is racist . 
  of course , now it 's clear that it 's not the text ... 
  i do n't think you 're raining on anything , but i 'm glad you told me what she was actually saying . 
  guys let 's not downvote this time ; he 's correct after all . 
  but how do you prepare it ? 
  it looks tricky . 
  ( what are deviled eggs anyway ? 
  oh well , google exists . ), 
  just try all twenty-four . 
  it takes much shorter than trying ten thousand combos . 
  what 's wrong with calling them likes ? 
  okay , i 've read trans 101 and nymt 101 , but they do n't really answer the question of what makes genders different from one another ( other than people identifying as one or another , but i assume there is some internal motivation to identify as one or the other ) . 
  i 'll be the first to call alt accounts !, 
  hey dude , nsfw, 
  everybody who downvoted : what is wrong with this post ? 
  i mean , it 's not unbiased , but it 's not terrible in any way , either . 
  even my own * mother * does this to me when i visit and we go someplace . 
  i do n't know what is going through these peoples ' heads . 
  thorium in particular, 
  well , china is seen as an oppressive communist state a lot , but really a small part of it is polluted cities with people with a relatively high standard of living , and the rest is rural villages . 
  so it can happen . 
  baba yaga was in hp ? 
  i only knew about her from fairy tales . 
  list of characters in canon i thought meant characters from hp . 
  person from jersey/hungary visiting california for a year here , staying in berkeley . 
  berkeley seems to be kind of full of hippies , so maybe that 's a thing . 
  why 's that so bad ? 
  ( they 're called overheads btw ) what are you going to use , an electric projector hooked up to a computer ? 
  how 's that better ? 
  i 've heard of smartboards but honestly they just seem like whiteboards where you can save pictures/diagrams that you 've already created ( or incorporate jpegs ) , which you can do with an overhead as well . 
  i do n't really know what nationality i am if i even intrinsically have one at all ; i 've lived in hungary a lot , i 've lived in germany a lot , i 've lived in the us a lot , and i 'm probably going to move to switzerland , and i speak hungarian , german , russian , italian , and english . 
  i do know what cultural values my parents raised me with and which ones i agree with , and geographically how cultural values are distributed , so that if you say somebody is `` french '' or `` american '' you 'd understand that they might hold particular cultural values statistically , but those can change about particular people . 
  nobody who is american and has nothing to do with france personally goes , `` wait a minute , i just realized that i feel more french than american . '', 
  people have reasons for identifying as a particular nationality : descent , geographically living there , culturally identifying with them . 
  why do people say they have a particular gender identity ? 
  or , i can understand identifying as a male if you have a y chromosome and as a female if you do n't , since it 's the social trend and we can then let maleness/femaleness mean the presence/absence of a y chromosome , but then there are people who feel that they have a different gender than their biology would correlate with . 
  what mysterious factor makes them say that ? 
  do they really think that different genders are fundamentally different in some way ? 
  if so , what way ? 
  i 've also lived in germany for a time if that helps anything ... personally jersey seems pretty similar to california but less radical and more white . 
  they 're both full of liberals and have coasts . 
  and hungary is worse than my worst stereotypes of conservative us states . 
  although , america 's protestant instead of catholic * shudder *, 
  but if it 's not indicative of anything what makes people identify as one or the other ? 
  what makes someone , who formerly identified as male , go , `` actually , i think i 'm female . '' ? 
  they must detect some kind of internal , mental difference that they perceive as differentiating between male and female , otherwise they would n't change their gender identity or even * use * gender identity . 
  i 've heard of transsexuality being described as being a brain of one sex trapped inside a body of another sex , a la birth disorder ( although this reduces gender to binary , but it 's easily generalizeable ; just say there 's more kinds of brains ) , but the only difference between male and female brains that 's been empirically observed is that female brains have 19 billion neurons on average whereas male brains have 22 billion neurons on average , which is n't really indicative of anything since a large part of the brain is backup fluff , and i do n't think transsexual people weigh their brains and go `` wait i actually have a female brain , i 'm female not male '' . 
  if there is no way to cognitively differentiate between minds of different genders , why would you identify as a particular gender ? 
  i 'd understand if people identified with genders for the purpose of sorting people into groups that correlate with traits , like nationality , but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  in addition to what others said , do n't forget , bro died . 
  the state of having died is not the activity being unbreakable . 
  literally none of newton 's laws are right , thanks to relativity . 
  well , i think his 1st and 3rd law might still be in business ( maybe ; it depends on how he originally phrased them ) , but his 2nd law and his law of universal gravitation are flat-out wrong . 
  in general , his model of physics thought the geometry of the universe was euclidean . 
  that 's wrong . 
  galileo probably because he was a heliocentrist , and while the sun is the center of the solar system , it is definitely not the center of the universe , not even metaphorically . 
  we have the information , and i think we even have the technology . 
  it 's just more a case of , `` why would you do something like that ? '', 
  you 'd need a fuckton of energy , and even if your answer is `` because science '' there is no way anybody 'd approve a grant for that . 
  people can be against 2 as a moral principle , and 3 is extremely fucking hard . 
  1 is not necessarily reliable but i 'll give you it . 
   wait wait wait hold up . 
  this has nothing to do with gender but if you think this you know much less about the brain than you think you know . 
  we use about 100 % of our brain on a daily basis , but that does n't mean you * need * 100 % of your brain to function the same way . 
  you lose neurons every time you receive a blow to the head , and you 're cognitively no different for it ( okay , a little different , but you do n't see people getting stupider over a lifetime ) . 
  i 'm not sure whether a sexually male person could stand to lose 3 billion neurons ; you lose less over a lifetime than that . 
  but i do n't think 3 billion neurons matter , especially since they 're distributed differently between the brains of the two sexes anyway . 
  the extra brain mass in males is in the hypothalamus and amygdala , and females actually have larger caudates and hippocampi . 
  citation : http://www.biologicalpsychiatryjournal.com/article/s0006-3223 ( 07 ) 00198-9 / abstract ( the abstract only says gray matter and white matter but if i remember correctly this is indeed the article that highlights those particular areas ), 
   imagine waking up in the body of whatever gender you 're not . 
  seriously imagine it . 
  does it feel weird ? 
  do you feel uncomfortable being called by ( assuming you 're a man ) `` she '' and `` her '' instead of `` he '' and `` him '' ?
