  char b = ' / ' ;, 
  [ part 1 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/rdvwo/wrote_land_of_x_and_y_compositions_in_the_past/ ), 
  [ part 1.5 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/rdvov/wrote_several_land_of_x_and_y_compositions_over/ ), 
  hills and paper, 
  monochrome hills dot the city outskirts to no end . 
  they vary in height , from just a couple of metres to towering colossi the size of small buildings . 
  the paved roads to the city wind through the arboreal hills , covered with paperbark trees with unearthly grey leaves that obscure the sun 's light to a great degree . 
  it drizzles often , just enough so that the branches are always dripping a bit , as though after a great shower . 
  inside the great city -- similarly colourless and built on more of these irritating hills -- it rains constantly , always at least enough to warrant good cause for an umbrella . 
  the ground is littered with documents of all kinds , ranging from small receipts and sticky-notes through important-looking a4 printouts to large posters , with insane scrawlings adorning their faces , all stuck to the wet cement . 
  you catch a few lines of hamlet , and notice what looks like the original magna carta , fresh as the day it was finished . 
  it all gets ruined by the overbearing rain , however , relentlessly inundating all manners of paper with an unceasing torrent of water . 
  you taste it . 
  it is salty . 
  truth and song, 
  the mighty diamond spires glint in the rainbow-diffracted sunlight , as beautiful on the tinted horizon as ever . 
  the grass beneath your feet is a vibrant green , a lighter and more saturated shade than you are used to , as well as somewhat longer than usual . 
  the brilliant crystal road glimmers to your right , leading to the city with its soap-bubble color and visual texture . 
  a whole host of emerald bushes and golden trees line this particular field , the excessively large ones throwing majestic shadows over the surrounding greenery . 
  you can pick out the individual colored rays of the yet blinding sun , bearing down from a sapphire-blue heaven . 
  the breeze carries a song , serenading all those whom it touches with a light , pleasant melody , resounding with a billowy tune you can only compare to angel song . 
  you can not make out words , yet somehow the general gist of them seems to find you anyway , and it sounds extremely ... appropriate , the best word you can think of to describe it . 
  you would never argue with the wind , for you can find no cause . 
  you see another city in the distance . 
  perhaps you 'll visit . 
  direction and view, 
  you can see everything . 
  it is all reflected in the alien geometries of the countless multifaceted crystals of near-fractal complexity that not just adorn but compose the landscape , each shard perhaps the size of a dust mote or a skyscraper . 
  it is a glimmering , icy world , the time permanently fixed at the point at which the last rays of the twilight sun are ebbing from the horizon . 
  all of the crystals reflect not only each other , but a wide variety of things that they have no business reflecting , as they do not exist . 
  these things include most often signs , each facet containing one pointing in a different direction . 
  but in the larger faces , you can see something else : a great number of shadowy shapes , bustling about but all relatively uniform . 
  in fact , on the darker side of the planet , inside the gigantic umbras of the largest crystals , you can swear that you can see them , you can feel them swarming around you , even guiding you through this haphazard city of illogical polygons . 
  you feel lost , and it takes you a long time to notice that the only thing not reflected anywhere is you . 
  $ # \u00a5 + \u00a7 and $ % @ * # & ( note : i consider this `` my '' world , which is why it is more detaile than the other compositions . 
  feels free to lambaste it as too similar to the land of heat and clockwork . 
  i call it the land of structure and fusion . ), 
  a molten iron sea forms the base . 
  hardly does one see any land , but for the obsidian spires jutting out in harsh shapes from the bedrock . 
  hanging pewter mesh platforms instead make up the traversable ground , lined with all sorts of pig iron castings and suspended from ever higher such platforms by thin steel wire . 
  flimsy bridges connect everything , their design echoing rope bridges , with the addition of thin-pressed , dented and textured sheets of iron for the floor . 
  rusted girders run diagonally between everything , always forming some pattern that upon closer observation reveals itself to be utter gibberish . 
  gigantic , floating buildings abound ; they always include stained iron inlets and outlets , the white-hot products of one building flowing into the next , the streams sometimes guided by thin half-chutes that can go on for imperceptibly long distances . 
  some such structures are rusted , ancient , mammoth supercomputers , others elaborately etched shrines of gargantuan proportions , still others spatial systems of thousands upon thousands of cluttered , unused , darkly-lit rooms that in another world could serve the purpose of office space . 
  there exist large complexes of such buildings on roughly the same horizontal plane , large , gray cement areas between them . 
  huge , industrial elevators are often employed to cross vertically from one to the next , great rising platforms with metal floors embossed with the sort of texture commonly found on the floors of factories . 
  these structures connect and intertwine to form three-dimensional cities and outposts , churning with metallic magma like clockwork , woven together by an orderly mass of girders , bridges , and platforms . 
  the whole array is miles deep , and spans the surface of an entire planet . 
  although the magma ocean itself is at the very bottom , collecting pools for molten metal are part of the building structures , sometimes thousands of kilometers in breadth . 
  these pools tend to slowly rotate , their radially-spaced magma channels heedlessly flowing into empty air when not oriented to their corresponding receptors , dripping all over some of the small bridges and making certain platforms inaccessible . 
  it is a world of turmoil , of confusion , of heat , of industry . 
  it takes one 's all not to succumb to the immense temperature . 
  you have work to do . 
  [ part 1 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/rdvwo/wrote_land_of_x_and_y_compositions_in_the_past/ ), 
  [ part 2 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/homestuck/comments/rdvkt/wrote_several_land_of_x_and_y_compositions_over/ ), 
  pools and elevators, 
  the land is very flat . 
  all of it is a vast , muddy-looking , plain , filled with irregularities . 
  they are also full of big puddles , reflecting the blue sky and the bright sun bearing down upon you at high noon . 
  the puddles seem to just get bigger and bigger as your eyes progress from one to the next , some the size of lakes and others the size of oceans . 
  the other feature adorning the landscape is the presence of a great number of squarish , tarnished black columns . 
  these columns proceed into the sky with no end in sight , eventually narrowing down into nothing due to your limited line of sight . 
  you know that this should be impossible , as they ca n't curve in every direction at once , but knowing does not stop reality . 
  walking up to them reveals a pair of large , rusty panels that you suppose could be the doors to an elevator . 
  they do not open , however , and instead of a button there is a keyhole to access . 
  war and scrap, 
  the piles of unnerving black metal glint slightly in the ruby light of the dark , solemn sky . 
  there are heaps of scrap everywhere , all alike in substance and color . 
  upon close examination , each piece appears to be in the shape of some distorted household or otherwise common item , but composed of a dark , greasy , matte metal . 
  attempting to remove one piece of scrap from a mound seems to drag the entire pile with it , which merges into the vast , deep carpet of scrap beneath your feet . 
  here and there there are large pools of iridescent oil , occasionally on fire . 
  it is hard to tell where they begin and end , as they flow into the porous metal that is the ground , running into each other everywhere . 
  in the distance , you can occasionally hear some sort of alarm , a sort of very low resolution buzzer with a slightly higher pitch than a foghorn . 
  it never comes from the same place , and following any one source never works . 
  similarly , skylights play upon what cloud cover there is under the bloodshot sky , occasionally starting up and dying down , always inconstant in location . 
  sometimes you can even hear distant yelling and calling , sounding like it 's coming from behind a nearby heap , only to have it stop by the time you get there , and to discover that there is no logical source to your agitations . 
  chance and atmosphere, 
  breathing is the greatest difficulty . 
  the air bearing down upon you is not just heavy , but impossibly so ; with each breath , you scrape in a marginally sufficient amount of oxygen , along with a veritable ocean of vapour . 
  the air is so saturated with water and heat that dew condenses on all things within a matter of seconds , rendering you effectively underwater . 
  unusually , though , the mist is n't thick at all : you can see kilometres in every direction , surveying its bubble-shaped topographical features . 
  in the sky are dark grey clouds that suggest the imminent arrival of a storm , and churn furiously throughout the heavens . 
  the ground itself is very brittle , in the manner of a cookie soaked with milk . 
  every step carries the danger of the terrain giving way and one 's foot plunging into an infinite ocean just below the surface of the world . 
  occasionally zephyrs form , concentrating the already nigh-unbreathable air into painful winds of sheetlike water . 
  they are unpredictable , and can root you in a spot for days . 
  change and noise, 
  it keeps changing . 
  all of it . 
  the ground beneath your feet ripples with each step , but not in the manner of water , but convulsing with seemingly random twists , as though it were part of the body of a great mollusc . 
  the scenery shimmers , changing hue from every angle ; no spot is the same color as you last checked it , not even from moment to moment . 
  the terrain rises up in front of and around you , like a great , overbearing wave , then descends , as though the mere thought that a mountain had previously been there would be shameful to suggest . 
  over the horizon , you can see oceans of light , glittering with their chromatically uncertain glow , each scintillant point in chromatic harmony with those around it . 
  then there is the noise . 
  it never leaves , at once feeling like a whisper in your ear and a massive , distant orchestra belting out a complex melody . 
  if you press your ear to the ground , you can hear it more clearly , but not consistently ; it occasionally fades , then returns , only to lapse again . 
  it happens at the pace of chinese water torture : infrequently , but inevitably . 
  it compels one to listen , if only to stay to hear when the next fade would happen . 
  the music itself is difficult to grasp , constantly changing key , always vague . 
  it is objectively impossible to write down , or memorize in any way .
