  yeah , that sounds very plausible . 
  so , those people should probably be allowed antidepressants , then , since depression is a semi-major disability ( i would n't call it major , because i was able to exist just fine with depression : it did not prohibit me from doing work , only hindered it slightly , as it slowed the functioning of my mind even more . 
  my depression probably was n't so severe , though . 
  i can see it getting in your way a lot more . ) . 
  i do n't know about anyone else , though . 
  what if we could verify as an absolute certainty whether someone was capable of flip-flopping out of their depression or not ? 
  well , then we 'd certainly start stigmatizing positive results and probably at least look down upon people who took medication anyway . 
  but what would actually be the * right * thing to do ? 
  would the benefits of doing it oneself outweigh the costs of having to live with depression ? 
  what are the benefits , anyway ? 
  do you acquire personal growth ? 
  do you come away richer in character ? 
  does the thought of having been able to do it on your own make you happier ? 
  does having lived through it give you stories to tell and things to think about , perhaps in the form of overly long parenthetical statements ? 
  there are n't just two options for how to go about it , either : you could prohibit antidepressants from them , you could offer them a choice , you could mandate their use of antidepressants , you could have the doctor decide between giving them the option or mandating one or the other , you could analyze them deeply with a machine and determine what would be best for them . 
  most people are relatively bad at making decisions , so maybe offering the common person , especially in a depressed state , a choice is n't wise . 
  i would personally mandate antidepressants : life is too short to waste having depression . 
  but what if we were immortal ? 
  well , i guess if we really did n't fear for our lives at all , then we would try depression eventually anyway . 
  or not . 
  if you have that good biotechnology , there 's so many more fun mental architectures to choose from . 
  but whatever , that 's getting pretty irrelevant . 
  so , my conclusion is that antidepressants are the preferable choice for everyone , except maybe the immortal . 
  i know you may feel differently , but my reasons for believing so are outlined above ; feel free to poke holes . ), 
  having gotten my diver 's certification in belize at age 10 , i can totally relate to how extremely fun it is to do field work there . 
  ( i 've really liked making charts of the ecology of intertidal zones , ever since i could snorkel . 
  it sounds weird , but 7-year-old me loved nothing more than finding * another * type of algae , and looking for more of it , and writing down where it was . 
  my favorite phylum was/is echinodermata , though . ), 
  i do n't remember anything in particular except getting to pet a bunch of ( sand ? ), 
  sharks , but i had a lot of fun there , and found lots of stuff . 
  a question , though ... is n't that lionfish invasive there ? 
  i hope you killed it ? 
  * yes . 
  * in every way . 
  your language textbooks will become boring , and you 'll have to get new ones , that 's how much . 
  you 're able to pattern-match syntaxes ( syntaces ? ), 
  and assimilate grammar about eight times as effectively . 
  it is an improvement in practically every way . 
   he insisted on the cheapest dvd-rom, 
  that is one smart kid . 
  in particular : 9.8 m/s ^ 2 * t straight down , where t is the time since it started falling . 
  i 'm doing a fresh install of lm 15 literally right now , the process of which includes backing up my files to an external hard drive , so i am definitely not going to lose anything that i ca n't replace , unless it corrupts the windows partition in which case i will be sad . 
  you mean sdb1 ? 
  heck no i 'm not deleting that . 
  that 's where grub and all my efis are . 
  just , i thought that it would be pointless to have more than one boot partition , if i can use the first one to boot into both oses ( i can ) , so i would like to delete any additional boot partitions . 
  i know there 's a broken installation of grub on * one * of the partitions on sda , totally useless because that 's not even what i use to boot into windows . 
  i do n't really understand it . 
  what 's its significance ? 
  well ... not if you do it right . 
  i learned how to cook rice from my mother , who regularly cooked excellent rice for our family , and i have a clean record with regard to making too much rice . 
  maybe you should measure the ratio of pre-cook rice volume to post-cook rice volume ( not accounting for imperfect packing ) . 
  in my experience , it 's somewhere between 1/3 and 1/2 . 
  hurr , sorry for the confusion !, 
  i meant the picture with the kid in the costume . 
  ... how ? 
  i mean , how do you do that ? 
  something that baffles . 
  this is the internet . 
  verbal irony is completely indistinguishable from regular words . 
  do n't blame people for assuming that you were being sincere . 
  thank you , but you can learn the same thing from reading * feynman 's lectures on physics * , and so much more . 
  you 'll always be able to figure anything out !, 
  maybe the electromagnetic force is stronger in the dwarf-universe , and small worlds are dense enough to generate strong magnetic fields to deflect radiation . 
  thank you , this was very helpful . 
  it 's better than `` where do you live ?? 
  please let me date you '' . 
  what ? 
  that 's not anywhere close to being silica dust . 
  well , if you 've managed to beat the odds against social status , and very often economic status , then you can be proud . 
  but there 's no reason to be proud of your race as a white person ; what 's there to be proud about ? 
  if you have a low status and rise beyond it , then you can be proud about that , but being white essentially never ever confers a disadvantage . 
  they were insulted , and wanted to prove their point in an emphatic way . 
  does it really sound so smug to you ? 
  ( i do n't know , maybe ? 
  if i 've learned one thing from reddit , it 's that redditors often model each other as always angry and naive and pretentious and combative , when really they 're just hurt or have a different point of view or want to share their thoughts or expect that you 'd agree with them . 
  i do n't think that 's fair , and i do n't really understand it , but you ca n't expect people to reason perfectly , otherwise you 'd go crazy . ), 
  me too . 
  for the love of god , why ? 
  my hs world history textbook had * two pages * on pre-colonization australian history , out of 3000 pages . 
  if there 's anything game-changing to add to that , i 'm very eager to see it . 
  at first , but that lasted , like , a day . 
  you can do it mechanically , which is more elegant . 
  for example , put the metal bit on a corkscrew , and a spring inside the coil . 
  ( this solution has a number of problems , which i do n't have time to work out . ), 
  english pronouns have three cases : nominative , possessive , and accusative . 
  ( also known as the subjective , possessive , and objective . 
  the possessive case is sometimes rather incorrectly referred to as the genitive . ), 
  the nominative case is for when the word is being used as the subject of the sentence . 
  the possessive is for when the word is being used as the owner of something . 
  the accusative case is for everything else , where the word could be construed as the object/argument/parameter of some other word or phrase . 
  the nominative , possessive , and accusative forms of the first person singular pronoun are i , my , and me , respectively . 
  in the title , it is acting neither as a subject nor as an owner , rather as the ( direct ) object of a verb . 
  this makes it logical to put it in the accusative case . 
  not really : see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mandala#gallery, 
  i prefer `` linguist '' , actually , although it 's not my profession . 
  are you trolling ? 
  how is it in any way `` easy '' ? 
  easy to understand as a question , maybe , but easy to * answer * as a question , which is what he was trying to do ? 
  why would i ever want to do that ?
