  - paladin : equality/keeper of uldaman , hit something into it , pyro-equality . 
  the most plausible one . 
  - warrior : blood to ichor , execute , brawl , and then probably slam-execute or bti-execute ( or just leave it up ) . 
  - hunter : acidmaw , on the hunt , coin unleash the hounds . 
  ( possible to pull off consistently with a thaurissan discount . ), 
  this probably never happened to a dragon priest in the history of hearthstone , even though it 's the most consistent one out of the three of these . 
  edit : mage could also fireball  fireball  frost nova  doomsayer with a thaurissan discount on three of those cards , but it was a turn slow , and kind of negated their wincon . 
  probably never happened . 
  it 'll damage your enemy 's minions , and then a lot of people will file bug reports about it to blizzard , and then either blizzard changes the interaction or everybody just gradually accepts it . 
  savjz was playing it yesterday and was being fairly successful . 
  not * extra * five mana . 
  i mean , op did n't clarify , but that would be op . 
  kel ` thuzad value ? 
  meh , deadly shot does the same thing for an extra mana , and face hunter ran at most one copy of that . 
  ( although that may have been because they had access to the 3-mana cheaper hunter 's mark . ), 
  if you 've got two discounted fireballs in hand vs priest , though , you probably want to use them to lethal your opponent soon , not use them to kill a minion you could just polymorph or freeze . 
  sinking four cards into a play that 's shut down by sw :p and also gives your opponent an ysera card is not a particularly winning play in freeze mage , as far as i understand the deck . 
  better ? 
  he does n't help against aggro , whereas this does . 
  but how do you copyright that ? 
  it 's a really old game . 
  it 's like copyrighting chess . 
  well , that 's why that one has n't happened either . 
  :p but it was n't that unlikely to happen , tbh . 
  yogg 'n' load was a deck , and acidmaw was a card you could get from lnl . 
  all you need to do is not play your thaurissan-discounted uth , and you have a full board clear with room for a random on the hunt or a minion hit . 
  what makes it so unlikely is that dragon priest was even less common than yogg 'n' load . 
  carry on then . 
  we used to make these jokes about jews . 
  then it became socially unacceptable to do that in the late 40s . 
  so scots were clumsily substituted instead . 
  if you never reach the bottom three cards of your deck , the effect of this guy is equivalent to tracking . 
  that said , nice flavor and balance . 
  i mean , that 's what hashtags do , they link related posts, 
  oh yeah , that 's weird , hearthstone would have to become explicit about which cards shuffle your deck . 
  that 's unfortunate ; that means that a card like this will probably never be printed , since it would require a text change on a bazillion older cards that put cards in your deck . 
  yeah , but that can be `` put x into your deck at a random spot '' , or `` put x on top of your deck and then shuffle your deck '' . 
  physically , you can only do the latter , but a virtual card game can do either ( and the first one is marginally less computationally expensive ) . 
  you 'd have to re-word it . 
  this card would be better ( but still unplayable ) if it shuffled them into your enemy 's deck . 
  whoever 's deck it goes in has their deck diluted with undercosted 4-drops . 
  maybe it does n't matter for decks with high deck velocity like miracle rogue or zoolock , but you 're neither of those , you 're hunter , the class with the least card draw in the game . 
  you might not want to put huffer in your opponent 's deck , but between putting him in your deck or theirs , trust me , you want it in theirs . 
  that 's a malfunction :\\, 
  i 'm still just happy that there 's tier 1 control decks . 
  especially * reno * control decks . 
  back after the old gods release when the only viable control decks were warrior , it was really boring because there was a total of like 20 different possible cards that they ever ran . 
  you knew they 'd always run slam and execute , and they 'd always run brawl , they 'd always run fiery win axe , shield block and shield slam , etc. 
  earlier in 2016 they were more differentiated , with elise , c'thun , and even patron warriors on ladder , but the decks were still pretty similar to play against and they ran a lot of the same staple warrior control cards . 
  now , between the various reno control decks ( and control warrior and hallazeal shaman , although i do n't see them often ) , you have a very wide variety of cards to play against ( or just play ) in control , and i personally find it a way cooler metagame than warriorstone ever was . 
  ( also , winning against the type of deck that 's supposed to beat yours is really fun and satisfying . 
  i beat jade druid regularly with renolock and it 's always really fun , especially when it goes into fatigue . 
  that 's probably when i make the most coordinated plays . ), 
   viable shaman deck, 
  i understand what you 're getting at , but chess is deterministic . 
  midrange shaman mirrors come down to rng much more than they come down to skill . 
  it 's a * null-terminated * array of chars , wow . 
  but for real , how so ? 
  my impression is that that 's exactly what they are . 
  well , you never want one card to be equivalent to playing two of one card . 
  two-card combos are always supposed to be more powerful than playing a single card of the same cost . 
  red mana wyrm gives us an interesting insight into how to scale the cost , though . 
  5:2 compared to the two-card combo . 
  aeronautical engineers ? 
  the `` safety factor of 1.1 '' guys ? 
  i played feln control all throughout december 24th through 28th . 
  the goal was always to give azindel 's gift to the opponent . 
  a lot of people got christmas gifts . 
  it says `` until you have 3 cards in hand '' . 
  if you draw three cards , you still do n't have three cards in hand . 
  so there is n't a reason to draw just three cards . 
  you 'd just keep drawing , if it did what the text said . 
  honestly i think they should just hard-code it to not draw cards when your deck is out and not mention it on the card text . 
  there 's no short way to word any reasonable implementation of it . 
  the way the effect is currently implemented , you can write , `` when this minion attacks , if either player has less than 3 cards in their hand , they draw 3 cards minus the amount of cards they have in their hand . '', 
  that 's terribly long . 
  if it stops drawing once you hit fatigue , you can write , `` when this minion attacks , both players draw cards until they have at least 3 cards * ( or their deck runs out ) * . '', 
  i guess that can fit . 
  nexus champ can give sap , freezing potion , or silence . 
  the question is , are there higher odds of him getting a spell that helps , or a legendary that helps ? 
  if you get soggoth , it 's pretty good , but it only gets rid of half of edwin 's health . 
  i 'm glad someone went through and made an exhaustive list when i was n't able , thanks . 
  your work is appreciated . 
  i 'd agree that a spell seems to be better at answering edwin , although the only `` perfect '' answer is offered by icehowl . 
  and over-use of antibiotics . 
  ... is this deck with small-time buccaneer and two bloodsail cultists not a pirate deck ? 
  i mean , it 's also got dragons , but ... 
  brann , play master of evolution on jade spirit , play evolve to turn jade spirit into acidmaw and barnes into abomination ( or the spellpower totem into unstable ghoul ) . 
  completely foolproof . 
  or zhou1 you3guang1, 
  it 's like a [ [ giant growth ] ] but not good, 
  lmao why even use vegetable oils at all ? 
  they 'll just rot and stink . 
  get yourself a good mineral oil . 
  like , put `` mineral oil '' into amazon . 
  buy it . 
  apply once . 
  lasts for life . 
  it wo n't even make a difference unless you 're in , like , the world championships . 
  at which point , if you 're getting your advice on reddit , you 've already failed .
