  hence why old yogg-saron , who was functionally identical , saw play in basically every class except warlock and warrior , the latter because their game plan was already mapped out to fatigue similar to warlock decks . 
  aka shaman tier, 
   what 's a control player to do in such dark times , when a 2 power unit can be a 5/5 late game with ease, 
  oh geez that 's not just the eternal meta you 're describing there . 
  i am happy a feln control variation is somewhat viable again . 
  i am unhappy , however , that azindel 's gift + last word is not such a viable win condition anymore , still . 
  what am gon na do with all these cool legendaries that make my opponent feel bad about playing the game ? 
  oh well , at least there 's still karelian control . 
  smacking someone with a +20 / +20 sword of the sky king is almost as satisfying as smacking someone with a last word . 
  i r o n y, 
  i ` mma let you finish but 8 bit isometric with a soundtrack by disasterpeace is the greatest video game art style of all time . 
  have you played * fez * or * hyperlight drifter * ? 
  you sound like me . 
  minus the me part . 
  can jed get juice to ivan , or is that reserved for thinkamancers or even maggie specifically , do we think ? 
  iirc it had to involve the doll, 
   cites two slavic languages, 
  good job pickin up the ie subfamily that 's more morphologically similar to latin than any of its actual descendants lol, 
  wow , i knew all those tinyurls would n't hold up forever , but i expected them to last another decade at least, 
  wait wait how about this . 
  `` gro '' is a spoonerism of `` rogue '' . 
  why do n't we make a pun on this and call it `` miracle rogue '' ? 
  it 's handlock , priest version !, 
  [ cone snails ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cone_snail ) have a single needle, 
  slavic languages retain the ie case system present in latin that died in all the romance languages ( except romanian , but they do n't retain much of it ) , retaining more cases than latin itself did under most circumstances , although defectively . 
  polish even retains the nasals for the accusative case , which were lost in nearly every ie language . 
  ( and as in latin , the pie accusative nasals became nasal vowels in polish . ), 
  because slavic languages retain cases , they also retain the mostly free word order that existed in latin , unlike romance languages , which need word order to mark alignment . 
  ( not that slavic languages do n't use word order to mark things themselves ; polish , for example , prefers svo , but can mark topic/comment structure by switching to sov . ), 
  there 's also several characteristics that slavic languages share with latin that romance languages do too , but not other languages :, 
  - they 're pro-drop , which is rare among european ie languages ( but frequent in the indo-iranian languages , so take it as you will ), 
  - identical verb prefix syntax ( contrast this with , for example , germanic verb prefix syntax , and languages that just do n't have verb prefixes ), 
  - pretty much identical preposition syntax , shared with most ie languages ; also note that romance languages went through a stage where it was acceptable to pile multiple prepositions onto a word to make up for the fact that one could no longer use cases to express things , resulting in prepositions like spanish `` desde '' ( from `` d\u0113 ex d\u0113 '' ) , which never occurred in the slavic languages, 
  if i knew more about indo-aryan grammar , i 'd say they 're even * more * similar to latin in that regard , but i ca n't confidently make this claim . 
  in terms of phonological history , slavic languages are pretty decently far away from latin compared to the romance languages , although maybe not as far as they could be . 
  they 're satem unlike most of europe and unlike latin , which is a strike against them , but for the most part they retain the other consonants the same , which is impressive if you 're comparing them to the other ie languages in europe like the germanic or celtic languages , or greek . 
  behold , the glory of a new 3/9 and a full hand !, 
  what 's that double helix thing in the first clip on the left ? 
  it looks like art , or like an over-the-top 3d render of dna by someone who 's never seen a diagram or md rendering of it ( but the background is sky blue , so maybe not ? ), 
  i was so sad when the nerfs killed yogg-n-load :( yogg 's pseudo-doom ability made control hunter actual slightly viable, 
  well i guess it 's a question of whether you interpret `` to topdeck '' as , `` to * miraculously * draw something when you need it '' , or just `` to draw something when you need it '' . 
  this feeling varies from person to person , i think . 
  the problem with restaurant supply stores is you need a license to get in , at least as far as my experience with restaurant depot is concerned . 
  that is , you need to either * be * or * know * someone with a catering establishment license . 
  it 's kinda funny . 
  my sister is in her high school 's marching band , so my mother decided to get on the band council as the food advisor . 
  the food advisor holds a license to get into restaurant depot and buy stuff . 
  the previous food advisor is still `` around '' , and whenever my mother needs a task done that would need the license , the previous advisor just says , `` oh , do n't worry , i 'll take care of it ! '', 
  and goes to restaurant depot to get stuff herself . 
  she wo n't give up the license !, 
  this is a testament to how wonderful it is to be able to shop in a real restaurant supply store . 
  my close friend has a license , and every time it is my birthday , we plan out a large dinner to make that day , and use the license to shop for it at rd , and then make it together at my home . 
  these make up some of my favorite memories . 
  what !, 
  where ? 
  the ones i 'm talking about are in new jersey . 
  the enter button does that one, 
  yeah , a while ago there was a / r/showerthoughts-style post on here that got popular and said something like , `` discover is essentially a shitty version of sideboards . '', 
  wait , what were they saying about the voodoo doctor ? 
  it sounds like playing him somehow cost them the game ? 
  edit : oh , rewatching the whole game , it seems they were talking about how trump missed one armor by playing both bananas earlier instead of one banana and armoring up . 
  that 's really unfortunate ... 
  edit 2 : but then the armorsmith would have died to fireball off of the cabalist 's tome . 
  there was nothing to be done , with that rng . 
  of course , then they would n't have died to pyroblast the * next * turn , so ... 
  look into hooru oathbook ( or karelian oathbook , i.e. 
  it 's a fairly solid build that benefits from rilgon . 
  this never gets old, 
  ugh , when will people realize that the million and first name placement post is n't any more interesting than the millionth / s, 
  yeah !, 
  go herbicide the shit outta those plants !, 
  ( it 's still a noun ), 
  well , it 's phrasal , but by analogy with `` commit suicide '' and `` commit regicide '' , you could have `` commit herbicide '' . 
  it sounds kinda badass . 
  i dunno about non-red , but armory decks such as traditional armory and icaria blue will work pretty well , the latter particularly because it runs four copies of both torch and lightning strike . 
  i think the depicted species are supposed to be ones that people * do * care about ? 
  considering that it 's got a panda in there ... 
  in biomedical applications : it can be the basis of a drug delivery system that can be used to cure a kind of cancer, 
  the cheapest tutor in the game !, 
  yeah ... haha , people are dumb , yeah ... totally never done this before , nope, 
  it 's not a story mysterious challenger would tell you . 
  finally , they unnerfed pyroblast !, 
  and it does n't even take up a deck slot anymore !, 
  but to be fair , it was also more generally the year of tentacles and those were everywhere, 
  what the hell is this ? 
  `` word '' ? 
  people already use that word for something else !, 
  chances are they live much closer to sorority girls than to meerkats , so the first option 's way easier, 
  edit : bite me , reddit . 
  you all act like hanging out with meerkats is soooo easyyy . 
  book your ticket to south africa and show everyone . 
  dude , all the meerkats make the lenny face, 
  it 's similar to the ultimatum game . 
  people choose to receive no money in it all the time to punish their opponent for being greedy . 
  this makes sense if your opponent can predict that you 'll do this in advance . 
  dude , i forgot how awesome deep sea marine biology is . 
  according to that article , tube worms living near cold seeps can live up to 250 years . 
  europe had already had noodles before marco polo , in italy . 
  however , the stringy kind may have only arrived in the 800s through the arab world , still predating marco polo . 
  the sheet-like kind , such as is found in lasagna , is old as heck and was a greco-roman dish .
