  i want that !, 
  how does one actually eat hotpot ? 
  i 've been to the local hotpot place three times and i have n't figured out how to make the eating experience pleasant yet . 
  there 's so many things to keep track of , and i end up cooking and eating them sequentially . 
  and then there 's incorporating the sauce bar and the side dishes ... 
  i 'm lost as to how to tie it all together into a coherent meal . 
  a soup would be simple enough , but it 's not a soup and there 's no soup bowl . 
  byo chili oil to little sheep ? 
  could you provide citations ? 
  i 'm sure it 's a matter of public record , but they would strengthen your argument, 
  we do this in hungary too , so i assume everywhere in between does it as well . 
  use language . 
  there 's a lot more variation on the small scale than most people realize . 
  so , nothing 's changed ? 
  family favorite detectus, 
  everywhere i go , it 's paisley !, 
  i like fractals in the style of paisley , but i 'm tired of everything * being * paisley . 
  if anyone knows where i can get other kinds of designs that have the same flat fractal style but are n't paisley , pls advise . 
  it makes the wallpaper really nice-looking , but god am i sick of paisley . 
  that 's not consistent with the tone of the rest of the post . 
  if it was a joke , it was badly-timed . 
  i wish the dubs were as good as these posters, 
  it 's weird , because in russian orthodoxy , we use a different liturgical rite , and it 's slightly different :, 
  `` take , drink of this , all of you ; for it is the blood of the covenant , which is shed for you and for many , for the remission of sins . '', 
  or something like that . 
  depends on whether someone 's trying to poop . 
  if there is , then it 's only polite to try to mask the sound of their pooping . 
  holy crap , another tenor to be very jealous of . 
  i 'll just stay in my corner singing old soviet work songs or whatever basses do, 
  but how can the police know who 's in the car if it 's not written on the license tag ? 
  we 're free to stop them from spamming using whatever means we have . 
  the preferable option is shooting them , but blocking will have to do, 
  join a choir !, 
  and maybe / r/marijuanaenthusiasts, 
  the original konami code did n't even have the ss at the end, 
  i learned in eu4 that a 7 % chance is n't that bad actually , and that a 21 % chance works most of the time, 
  no smell ? 
  they sure do . 
  proto-uralic had about 7 cases , but many postpositions . 
  the postpositions and other kinds of head-initial phrases agglutinated on , and now many uralic languages have a bazillion cases . 
  for example , hungarian has , conservatively counting , 18 cases . 
  some are directly descended from proto-uralic cases , like the superessive case '' - an / - en '' , which is descended from a proto-uralic 's locative '' - na / - n\u00e4 '' . 
  some are clearly agglutinated phrases , like the temporal case '' - kor '' , which coexists with the word `` kor '' , meaning `` time '' or `` era '' . 
  some are recently agglutinated postpositions , like the superlative case '' - ra / - re '' , whose former existence as the postposition `` re\u00e1 '' is common knowledge , and is still found in songs , liturgies , and literature . 
  not all uralic languages ditched the proto-uralic case system , though . 
  mansi/vogul , hungarian 's closest relative , retained a lot of proto-uralic noun morphology , with only a couple changes . 
  it has 6 cases , rather than 7 , mostly on account of losing the accusative with the death of southern mansi . 
  wow , they never do this in the part of hungary where i lived . 
  and they definitely never do this in transylvania . 
  entering the giveaway 55528 !, 
  thank you so much for doing this op, 
  huh , i did n't know russia had this many palm trees, 
  who uses vga and dvi cables anymore ? 
  no , most of them have a rhotic accent so it 's more like `` undrr '', 
  yes , it 's true that these people use vga and dvi , but the intent of the question was , who would need these cables ? 
  most of those people use it because they have outdated hardware . 
  they 're not the kind who buy new tvs . 
  and what `` retro systems '' have vga or dvi ? 
  older consoles have component video or s-video . 
  and typically those come with their own cables . 
  who drinks dr. pepper ? 
  i do n't know anybody who drinks it on the east * or * west coast . 
  ( pepsi has a stranglehold on large parts of new jersey . ), 
  is it in the south ? 
  the midwest ? 
  mcgraw hill connect, 
  the performance itself is also intellectual property, 
  you can tell db made the ost because 4-3 's music uses basically the same instruments and chord progressions as the smb world 2 music . 
  wow , this badly needs to be a thing . 
  imagine slowly sapping away bukhara 's orange . 
  for that matter , name placement cb needs to be a thing as well . 
  somebody should make an `` aesthetic cb mod '' . 
  kill it with fire, 
  you imitate markov chains very well , but i can still kind of make out what your post is trying to say, 
  this is the plot of a book i think, 
  i 've been thinking of how to de-plasticize my bubble tea experience . 
  i can get my own container , but the straws are pretty one-of-a-kind . 
  i have a rubber straw that sort of works , but it 's still kind of too narrow . 
  i should go find out if there are specialty rubber straws for this . 
  no i mean the * o * st. 
  this is great , i ca n't wait to play it . 
  but now i ca n't take the philippines seriously . 
  it deserves states just as much as anything in this post . 
  wait , he 's the guy who did the `` australian english is alcoholism '' thing ? 
  wow , imo it 's best to just not pay attention to anyone this salty, 
  it looks like a map out of a shooter . 
  more common would be to print it on color * paper *, 
  this is true . 
  in 1956 , beating the soviet union at water polo was huge for hungary . 
  this coincided with the revolution against the russians , in the streets . 
  they roll in , kill tons of people , take over the country ... you do n't let people like that win at water polo . 
  holy hell you 're not kidding , she 's actually alive, 
  nbsp ( non-breaking space ) used to be the thing back in the day . 
  you could use it to position anything anywhere , kind of like duct tape . 
  now we have css and stuff which makes duct tape obsolete , but it seems to have found a renaissance on reddit , where we 're forced to suck at formatting again . 
  mini-markdown 's simplicity was praised when it was first invented , but old-school bbcode had its uses . 
  although i do n't think positioning stuff properly was one of them , idk . 
  you can do more complex formatting with it . 
  reddit markdown does n't allow underline , inserting images , centering , or changing the font family and/or color , for example . 
  you have to use css hacks and image links .
