  but would n't we * want * to be able to violate the second law of thermodynamics ? 
  or their fun adventures with caliborn ? 
  it goes both ways . 
  try dismantling everything except the cables themselves , erecting a frame that keeps the cables in that shape ( maybe the frame could be a long rod sticking up from the ground with several shorter rods sticking up from it at a 30 \u00b0 angle ) and calling it art . 
  maybe you could sell it as that ? 
  calculus and multivariable calculus , in middle school . 
  so fucking useful . 
  i singlehandedly invented masturbation . 
  no , really . 
  at first i thought you needed two hands , though . 
  once i get home , i think i 'll write a bootstrapper for this for linux , k ? 
  ( less time than doing it by hand anyway ), 
  googling suggests 100,000 as an upper bound ( unless you really went out of your way to meet as many people as possible ) . 
  but that has to do with * actual people faces * like facebook does . 
  i ca n't live with such a similarity between where the two parts of the pun come from . 
  not much detail gone into at all . 
  have potato ? 
  ^ ( amidoingitright ), 
  two words : libya . 
  sometimes top !, 
  maybe when they tried to invade ethiopia ? 
  but i do n't think they used planes for that . 
  it 's because the two huge air masses from the plains bump straight the fuck into each other where you guys are . 
  look at the colors , look at those huge fucking bubbles . 
  cold air mass on the left , warm air mass on the right . 
  where the hell did you go to high school ? 
  no we could n't leave for lunch , we 'd get detentions . 
  but the food was great , and the campus was mostly open air with no fences , and anyone could run around whenever . 
  some kid actually ran into traffic and got hurt badly ( but not fatally or severely disablingly ) . 
  not a prison by any stretch . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  this is not world war 3 . 
  john , are you homophobic , or what ? 
  after all , you do n't seem to be grossed out by gore , so it had to be the ... oh , i get it , it 's the necrophilia !, 
  look . 
  i 'm finally going to say it . 
  people do n't experience things on a global scale . 
  it 's unfair to compare your experiences or anyone else 's experiences to other dissimilar experiences and say that one is harder/more frustrating/sadder than the other , because we resize our experiences to fit our environment . 
  there is n't a universal scale on which you have `` engineering degree '' somewhere below zero , and `` coal mining '' somewhere much further down . 
  i mean there is : coal mining is objectively a far more brutal task in most ways than getting an engineering degree . 
  but a stem student is going to experience the same emotional highs and lows as a coal miner , despite the coal miner putting up with more . 
  you can develop depression whether you 're working in a sweatshop or going to law school . 
  there will be somewhat a disparity between the mean happiness of two people working at two different things , but it 's always , * always * much smaller than anyone would think . 
  people are always going to adjust their emotional scale . 
  we ca n't help it , and it 's not fair to expect us to keep a global perspective . 
  just a bash script that moves the necessary files into place . 
  i heard this one with germans and russians as the first two . 
  the germans have a sign saying they should n't get out , so they do n't , and the russians know they 'll get shot if they get out , so they do n't . 
  so , [ here 's ] ( https://docs.google.com/file/d/0b5hqmhxr2hfzbutcd2pusujhau0/edit?usp=sharing ) that bootstrapper for linux . 
  just put it in one of the tileset directories ( ascii/phoebus/ironhand ) , navigate there with the terminal , and do '' . / bootstrapper.sh '' . 
  note : you df_linux directory has to be in / usr/share for this to work . 
  i like how you left that black space behind his head . 
  but it 's different than what would have been if john had n't stuck his arm through the thingy in the first place . 
  ( for linux users . ), 
  yeah , sorry i did n't make that clear . 
  :p tell them to run it with root permissions . 
  ( as well as everything else i said . ), 
  in attempting to be aware of both sides of the argument , you 've ended up ruder than * both * of them !, 
  air resistance would blow them up due to fusion on impact . 
  at least , i 'm almost certain . 
  the carbon in their bodies and the silicon and oxygen in the meteor would definitely fuse with the nitrogen and oxygen in the incipisphere 's atmosphere given enough energy , and they 're supposed to be traveling at such a speed that it is indistinguishable from * c * . 
  which means that not only would the impact fuse the air in the incipisphere with the meteor and kids , but they would perceive some ridiculous blueshift on everything . 
  like , x-ray , or gamma ray blueshift . 
  edit : sorry i thought it was obvious , but the fusion would release excessive amounts of energy and create a plasma explosion , as fusion is prone to do . 
  ( pointed out below . ), 
  ... it says exactly what i said in the beginning . 
  the plasma is an implied consequence of the fusion . 
  nobody has openly questioned my credibility since middle school , except for one math teacher i hated . 
  what kind of world do you live in ? 
  here in new jersey , we do n't need to worry about that sort of thing . 
   turret has , like , 30 signatures on it, 
   omg , gaben signed it !, 
  pretty = = = female ? 
  ^ ( ( sorry , that 's supposed to look like a biconditional ) ^ ), 
  sawbuck : legitimately human . 
  totally not just pretending . 
  holy crap stitch is great . 
  i really like the interpretation of snowman , too . 
  there 's another way to write it , which is three lines stacked on top of another : \u2261 this can also mean `` complete equivalence '' , which was the originally intended thing that i wanted to write ( i actually meant to write '' = : = '' , which is what it is in some programming languages ) , but i was tired and changed it a little . 
  but whatever , this works . 
  is it supposed to list only positive qualities , or am i only perceiving my qualities positively ? 
   intellectually curious , has many interests , open-minded , competent , self-confident , resourceful , inventive , original , imaginative , creative , thinks clearly in stressful situations , poised , clear-thinking , believe what they hear and see , accepting , forgiving , trusting , driven to achieve , ambitious , goal-oriented , enterprising , thinks carefully , thorough , cautious , ethical , principled , dependable , likes to try new & varied activities , versatile , keen to help others , considerate , soft-hearted , understanding , easily moved , compassionate , consistently stands firm , self-denying , resists temptation , conscientious , disciplined , efficient , well organised , likes precise detail , strong sense of duty , experimental , prefers creative conceptual problem-solving , assertive , forceful , dominant , neat and tidy , methodical , orderly , calm , relaxed , carefree , enthusiastic , cheerful , positive , exuberant , not easily upset in stressful situations , resilient , ` bit of a loner ' , likes own company , self-motivated , persevering , completes tasks , eager to please , good natured , prefers cooperation over competition and conflict , socially confident , self-assured , co-operative , compliant , deferent , contented , upbeat , hopeful , candid , sincere , frank , forthright , easygoing , patient , even tempered , friendly , affectionate, 
  it 's * friday night at 11:30 * and * nothing 's happening . 
  * come * on !, 
  zach weiner came up with a good one : `` the sine of your penis is approximately your penis . '', 
  i 'll trade you * all of my possessions and livelihood * for that sushi . 
  or `` possimne ... '' . 
  but i only own one pair of headphones ? 
  ( of the stage 3 variety ), 
  updating your beliefs on new information is the most core and hardest to refine technique in rationality . 
  there 's lots of times where you do n't update your beliefs when you should . 
  when did any eastern european country ever get invaded by britain ( or otherwise had the military presence of it in it ) ? 
  what makes this cringey ? 
  so he kisses his grandmother one time or another ? 
  yes ? 
  maybe it 's just cultural differences ? 
  i grew up kissing friends on both cheeks as a greeting , and kissing family on the lips as a sign of affection . 
  i 'm guessing that is n't a universal thing . 
  hitherto , the only widespread usage of gray body paint i have seen is homestuck cosplay . 
  i. . . warned you ?
