  while i think this comic deserves a spot among the top 3 , even first place , i doubt it will even get as far as the top 30 . 
  ^ ( ( relatedly i predict that few people will make it to the end of this comment , although it 's not so long ) ^ ), 
  edit : i told you so . 
  i 'm kind of sad walt decided to name himself after a physicist rather than a chemist . 
  now a lot of people will go around thinking heisenberg was a chemist . 
  it was a tragedy , but imagine how great it must have felt for the germans . 
  like a story where hungary was some very powerful villain , and the germans had an impossible triumph . 
  or just give everyone assigned seats , have a predetermined path to walk through them , and have the papers sorted in that order . 
  they might not even have to be sorted , if the ta picks the papers up on the same path in the same direction and does n't change the order in the meantime . 
  ( or , really , you do n't even need to give people assigned seats , just have them sit in the same configuration when you are passing out the tests as when they took the tests . ), 
  it was probably a joke . 
  put `` oz '' on it , then , not `` lb '' . 
  so then it 's not just an anti-grav device , it 's an anti-mass device . 
  i know a guy with a phd in robotics who calls them `` robuts '' . 
  no idea where the accent is supposed to be from . 
  the music is actually pretty good . 
  i wonder where they found it ? 
  edit : okay never mind . 
  how did you get those neat colored tanks ? 
  how did you get it multiply connected like that ? 
  you ca n't do it from the vab , and i doubt you could do it on the surface either , theoretical possibility notwithstanding . 
  he is over 50 years old . 
  i think it 's been internalized earlier than when he started watching futurama ( if at all ) . 
  he is the kind of guy that would be proud of his weird american heritage , so i put a lot of stock in the `` regional accent '' theory . 
  what kind of science ? 
  have you applied torque on bars on middle joint ? 
  if the docking ports on the outside do n't connect , it should get spinny . 
  huh . 
  have you tried http://i.imgur.com/czs9mpp.png , though ? 
  edit : [ mirror ] ( http://dropcanvas.com/g4bd1/1 ), 
  probably sell it . 
  or maybe impress their friends with it ? 
  probably sell it . 
  we should can into union . 
  what should we call it ? 
  `` eastern union '' ? 
  `` hungarian union '' ? 
  `` hungary '' ? 
  `` united eastern nations '' ? 
  but eu also has irrelevant nations with no goulash . 
  / r/youtubehaiku, 
  the goddamn advertisement comes on at just the wrong time . 
  maybe op 's friend does , and op does n't ? 
  and they have n't seen each other in years , and this is picture is one of the only things he has to remember his friend by , and op 's always wondered what it meant , and finally got up the courage to ask the internet . 
  and now you 're taunting him for not knowing it ? 
  terrible . 
  i was mostly joking . 
  like [ the monk ] ( http://tardis.wikia.com/wiki/the_monk ) , then . 
  so much nicer than the transylvanian flag that i always opt to use this in polandball comics instead . 
  m xl, 
  you do n't need so many nukes !, 
  even given how massive that ship is , you can complete your transfers with more efficiency with 4 , 6 at most . 
  try getting rid of each quartet and just using one each . 
  also , you do n't need so many probes ; just keep one reusable one , and refill it from on-board tanks . 
  i have n't made a reusable one that can land on laythe or eve or kerbin , yet ( although i 'm close to achieving that for laythe ) , but you should be fine with a single lander for all the other planets . 
  just , i do n't know , two nukes and three tanks , with a command pod at the top , and a docking port on top of that . 
  and rcs in the middle . 
  maybe it 's eating . 
  i repeat , how the hell do you do multiply connected ships like that ? 
  are two of the pairs of girders not actually connected in the middle and just putting load on one another ? 
  your creations defy the laws of ksp engineering themselves . 
  i love all the little news references , especially the knob at the end . 
  great job !, 
  is this seriously the best t-shirt we have ? 
  you mean population map . 
  the total number of gold medals should be correlated with the total number of people . 
  we usually just call them kss . 
  m li, 
  made this as a demonstration for someone else , and i figured i 'd post it . 
  really , this allows you to get to probably nearly anywhere in the kerbol system . 
  made this as a demonstration for someone else , and i figured i 'd post it . 
  really , this allows you to get to probably nearly anywhere in the kerbol system . 
  edit : mfw my 20-minute eve orbit mission is more popular than my 6-month eve landing and return mission, 
  what happens if your core runs out of battery ? 
  here it was universe replacer , but get the clouds and city lights mod instead ; it 's much better . 
  shift - [ wasd ] rotates in 5 \u00b0 increments . 
  40.86 \u00b0 in particular, 
  yes !, 
  those are rockomax 48-7 's . 
  they 're really great . 
  whenever eve is about 40.86 \u00b0 behind kerbin , that is when it is optimal to transfer . 
  if i had the parachute too , probably not , i think ? 
  but if i had another tank too , then i could definitely get home . 
  in fact , i might not need another tank . 
  i wasted a lot of xenon adjusting my path on eve entry , instead of at kerbol periapsis . 
  hahaha , the point was n't efficiency so much as simplicity and not killing the framerate and having more than enough dv to dick around with . 
  that 's a really cool mun mission !, 
  it really shows the power of air-breathing rockets does n't it ? 
  i wasted the 6th through 12th hours of playing ksp i played sending rescue missions to mun . 
  when what is used exactly ? 
  and thank you !, 
  sorry , was n't trying to be impolite !, 
  just , when i first lazily approximated it as 45 \u00b0 , i ended up with a relatively expensive transfer ( 1.3 km/s or something like that ) . 
  when i tried it closer to 40 \u00b0 , it went down to 800 m/s or so . 
  that extra half a digit of precision really helps !, 
  pfft this ca n't be harder than an evoh my god this is impossible, 
  i thought he was just very enthusiastic . 
  the small modules that look like capsules with docking ports attached are the equivalent of soyuz modules . 
  they have just about enough fuel to deorbit , or hop to another nearby space station , and they have a parachute . 
  the bigger ones with the nine tanks are interplanetary shuttles : they have 10 km/s of dv each , and so can take a kerbal to anywhere in the solar system .
