  livestock eat lower-grade food than humans . 
  things that we feed to livestock can be grown much more easily , densely , and just * more * than human food . 
  yeah , that * is n't * the same thing . 
  then harry * might * be screwed . 
  that 's not true . 
  it usually shows a number , in standard arabic notation , with just a picture of the grist next to it . 
  this is an anomaly either way . 
  how so ? 
  i mean , i can sort of imagine how that 's interesting , and it interests me too , but they 're not incredibly unique or anythinh . 
  i 'm a firm , principled lisp programmer . 
  i kind of do n't like lisp . 
  sign me up !, 
  granted , but it 's easier to not eat meat than it is to not drive a car . 
  and both of those are easier than not living in a house/apartment/anything but a hut . 
  of course , sometimes that 's not true . 
  it 's hard to * have * a car if you live in an apartment in new york city . 
  it 's hard to do any of these things if you 're a far eastern peasant . 
  but there are certain improvements that you have the resources to make , and not eating meat is indefensible from the perspective that if you had infinite resources , then you would be compelled to make the change , no matter what . 
  you would n't even have to think about it . 
  i 'm talking about the whole human species , not any given individual . 
  and if you are an individual who is able to make the change , then it follows ( not directly , but a few axioms allow this ) that you should do so . 
  or saved four people . 
  i do n't understand why it 's not working for me . 
  chrome . 
  but the reddit logo apng is working . 
  i do n't like the comparison . 
  geb has more of a central theme tying it together , and is a lot less freakishly long . 
  and geb was probably planned out from beginning to end , and certainly was n't published as a rolling experience . 
  just finish !, 
  it 's a wonderful book . 
  it looks like bremsstrahlung in electrons !, 
  then again , lots of non-archimedean spirals look like that . 
  my only experience with fieldwork has been my long , long relationship with marine biology . 
  i completely agree . 
  ( also , it 's actually possible to do bio eng fieldwork . 
  once , i was conducting research on channelopathy in sand dollars , so i went outside to get some . 
  it was freezing and very early in the morning , but , with the help of a wetsuit and snorkel and goggles , i brought back about 50 of them . 
  so proud . ), 
  in 2009 they discovered brown fat in human adults . 
  that 's even worse than stopping increasing the sample size the first time you see significance . 
  obviously . 
  did n't you know that hcl is a vital component to life ? 
  ( no it 's okay biochemists , do n't correct me ), 
  what 's worse is if you have to use it because otherwise your sample size would be 2 . 
  like a * book of 1001 jokes * , but with science . 
  organized by field . 
  well , still . 
  i thought it looked like electrons or positrons in a bubble chamber . 
  let 's not repost every spiral here , okay ? 
  maybe the correspondences of codes and items vary between sessions/strings of sessions . 
  that does n't affect most of your theory , it just means that it 's not necessarily true that it 's an underlying feature of sburb . 
  how can sweden keep up with other countries if its classes only last ten minutes ? 
  * zillia or zillium , but not zilliums, 
  also zillion is n't a number , and it 's also possible that zillion and zillium are synonymous . 
  i thought that it was an american phrase . 
  edit : i 'm neither american nor british . 
  are you really going to care whether i attribute an english word to one culture or the other ? 
  it does n't make a difference either way . 
  i think you 're really generalizing . 
  someone who is trans would probably take this the wrong way , even in context . 
  how many people is `` them '' ? 
  she posts pictures of herself sometimes . 
  she definitely does not look like a hideous monster , at any rate . 
   very little ( if any ), 
  there is a very large pay gap in my home country , hungary . 
  then again , we 're second world , and also racist besides sexist . 
  but there 's a pay gap in america , too . 
  wait , `` at least half of the tumblr posts [ etc. ] '' ? 
  why do n't you just unsubscribe ? 
  but the pay of women is consistently less than that of men . 
  no , i mean unsubscribe from those people . 
  that 's something that you can do , ca n't you ? 
  ( i do n't use tumblr . ), 
  if they post real great stuff , then that 's a good reason to keep them . 
  but if anything is just `` mildly entertaining '' , it 's wasting your time . 
  there is so much more * fun * you could be having instead !, 
  i do n't understand . 
  what is the purpose of these other than to look like fictional characters ? 
  i mean , there 's no way that the `` gingerbread man with one leg bitten off and a cane '' curve is ever going to be useful for anything ever . 
  i think it 's worse . 
  the problem is it being in the background . 
  chrome apparently only animates apngs in the foreground . 
  yeah , it 's almost like he 's run out of gag ideas and is simply leaching ideas off of tumblr . 
  constantly , for several months . 
  i 've been wanting to make a submission about it for a long time , but i kept thinking , `` well , we 've probably reached the end of that period , anyway '' . 
  but the fandom references keep coming . 
  it 's like he deliberately wants homestuck to remain contextual . 
  this is not good . 
  gggggggggg :, 
  physical or chemical reaction ? 
  physical , right ? 
  careful now , check your unbiased privilege . 
  edit : guys , this comment was a joke about sjws , it 's all good, 
  not until recently . 
  if you have chrome , latest version , then you 'll see the reddit logo animated now in this subreddit . 
  nsfw ( copying and pasting the link is , anyway ), 
  * why * does chrome insist on being 32-bit ? 
  i mean , i ca n't imagine using any other browser , but all the same . 
  ( i 've played this before !, 
  there 's also the 4d maze thing , and one more thing that i ca n't remember . ),
