  it would be much simpler to store and compute everything 's position and momentum as a single value each . 
  instead , this way , you have to keep track of the amplitude for every single position at once , creating an exponential increase in computational complexity and space complexity for each particle . 
  if it were less accurate than classical physics , then you would n't be able to use it to speed up computers . 
  all of the amplitudes for every possible configuration always exist at the same time . 
  it 's just that you can only be conscious in one configuration at a time ( for some reason ) , and you 're more likely to be conscious in configurations with high amplitudes . 
  ( configurations with low amplitudes are mostly chaotic nonsense anyway . 
  your brain does n't even exist in them , so you ca n't be conscious there . ), 
  wavefunction collapse looks like the universe resolving itself a particular way , but it 's really just your brain getting entangled with the other quantum thing , and the big amplitude blob where your brain was splitting up into multiple small amplitude blobs . 
  but your consciousness can only do one configuration at a time , so it decides randomly based on their amplitudes ( it seems ) . 
  eliminating long-distance entanglement would be eliminating a key interesting feature of qm . 
  but i guess the player normally would n't have much reason to care about it . 
  but it makes it exponentially less realistic ( heheheh ) . 
  i 'm a biomedical engineer . 
  i 've dedicated my life to improving the human body . 
  i hope you like what i produce !, 
  unfortunately , storing probabilities for things is always going to be more complicated than just storing the things themselves . 
  ( technically , i 'm storing amplitudes , which are elements of the complex plane rather than just the range [ 0,1 ] , but that hardly matters . ), 
  i 've come up with a compromise : if it 's entangled with the player , drop the amplitude blobs that are n't the ones that the player is experiencing , and eliminate it wholesale . 
  if it 's entangled with a sprite that 's still onscreen , keep it around , and when they both drop out , cut them out together . 
  this leaves it vulnerable to a `` quantum mess '' scenario where everything is entangled with everything , so it ca n't eliminate anything . 
  but i guess that 's a feature ? 
  it 'll be long before there 's any playable content . 
  i 'm still working on the engine , which will get reworked a hundred times over before i 'm finished with it . 
  i 'm a perfectionist , you see . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  it certainly would n't make me happy . 
  and i 'm trying to exposit the most interesting properties of physics , so i 'm also implementing special relativity and fluid mechanics . 
  ( i 've already done the first one , and i have yet to do the second one . 
  ironically , the second one is much harder , despite it having been fleshed out earlier . ), 
  they will mostly be kept separate , so as not to become too confusing , but they have to unfortunately be made to coexist . 
  if i ever retire as a math supervisor , i want a cake shaped like the 3d projection of a calabi-yau manifold . 
  or a strange attractor . 
  or the mandelbrot or julia set . 
  or the dragon fractal . 
  i kept reading it as `` microsoft crushed by sony at e3 '' , and wondering what was the problem . 
  i did that five or six times until i realized . 
  i do n't care , that does sound cool . 
  that implies that wikipedia : knowledge : : reddit : journalism , which could n't be farther from the truth . 
  that implies that wikipedia : knowledge : : reddit : journalism , which could n't be farther from the truth . 
  but our cities are much more spacious . 
  ( number of individuals divided by ( total traversible area of city times area of one individual ) ), 
  well , then get better education and technology . 
  education and a high standard of living reduce the likelihood of one to commit crime . 
  get it high enough and it becomes virtually zero . 
  on the technology side , expand to other moons/planets , or reduce the amount of resources needed to sustain a human . 
  use energy sources that do n't create a greenhouse effect , like thorium or direct fusion . 
  ( indirect fusion would be solar power , heheheh . 
  use that too . 
  even more indirect are geothermal and wind , but the yield is kind of poor for those , so it might not be worth it . ), 
  and these are n't even original thoughts . 
  imagine how many solutions * have n't * been thought of yet !, 
  language changes over time . 
  deal with it . 
  edit : oh my god if a linguist sees this help me, 
  too eurocentric , and weirdly paced . 
  but the art is pretty great !, 
  ** melt it down **, 
  ( although that would be very useless for anything ; the metal has very undesirable properties ), 
  why ? 
  what makes you so correct ? 
  both `` could n't care less '' and `` could care less '' convey the exact same information . 
  analyzed semantically minutely , `` could n't care less '' means something different than `` could care less '' , but that 's obviously not what they mean . 
  you know exactly what the other person is saying when they say `` could care less '' ; what more to it is there than that ? 
  by saying `` could care less '' , he 's obviously not saying that it 's possible for him to care less . 
  he 's saying that he does n't care , and that will , far more than 99 % of the time , be understood by whoever he 's telling that he `` could care less '' . 
  the literal meaning of the phrase is a non-issue ; it stands as a whole . 
  what do you mean it 's not a change in language ? 
  `` could care less '' is a very popular phrase , and becoming more popular . 
  i do n't have statistics , but it 's possible it 's already overtaken `` could n't care less '' . 
  it 's a phrase that is entering the english language . 
  saying that it 's incorrect is prescriptivism . 
  by saying `` could care less '' , he 's obviously not saying that it 's possible for him to care less . 
  he 's saying that he does n't care , and that will , far more than 99 % of the time , be understood by whoever he 's telling that he `` could care less '' . 
  the literal meaning of the phrase is a non-issue ; it stands as a whole . 
  there is n't anything more to it . 
  if the other person will always understand what he 's saying , then he 's in the clear . 
  do you really not know what he means ? 
  is n't it plainly obvious that he means that he does n't care ? 
  yes , the words might have once meant that it 's not possible for him to care less , but that 's no longer what they mean , when you use them in a group like that . 
  in a group , they mean that he does n't care . 
  meaning is what is communicated , not anything else . 
  what he is communicating is that he does n't care . 
   yes languages change , but some changes *** should be resisted . 
  why ? 
  languages are completely arbitrary . 
  no , i think you should n't do * anything * except speak the language in whatever way you feel comfortable speaking it . 
  just do n't tell other people how they should speak it . 
  aaand right when my grandmother died , too . 
  ( she was old and had leukemia . ), 
  oh well , more motivation for my career , i guess ... ( biomedical engineer . 
  i try to make people immortal . ), 
  what makes it `` lowest-common-denominator '' ? 
  language is completely arbitrary . 
  look , this is n't just an opinion thing . 
  prescriptivism is [ * wrong * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/linguistic_prescription#problems ) . 
  ( it 's also not any coincidence that most of / r/badlinguistics is prescriptivism . ), 
  i once wrote a c compiler in latin . 
  i mean , it was written in c , but it compiled c code with `` si '' and `` dum '' blocks . 
  i got stuck on `` for '' but then figured that that 's redundant in c anyway . 
  a `` struct '' is now an `` aed '' , a `` chac '' is now a `` litt '' , etc.
