  plus , if i fail to become the ceo of google or decide i do n't want to be , i could always try for one of the many other companies i like , or i could still decide to start my own company after all . 
  ( that and there 's no time limit on starting my own company , while there may be one on the google thing - larry page and sergey brin are likely to step down in 2024 , and their replacements will probably be in place running the company for quite a long time before i get another chance . ), 
  however , both larry page and eric schmidt are pretty hard to get in touch with ; plus , as much admiration as i have for them , i do n't really identify with either one personally . 
  so , barred from being able to get input from somebody who knows what it 's like to be ceo of google firsthand , i decided i 'd email you ; though it is n't google , you do seem to have experience being in a ceo-like position at a company with a similar corporate structure to google , albeit considerably smaller . 
  you have over a billion dollars , i know your email address , and , very importantly , out of all the tech figureheads i 've ever been a fan of , you 're the one i identify with most strongly ( a simple example being the fact that you 're a brony ) . 
  so , without further adieu , here is my point :, 
  recently , i 've begun to worry about the prospect of being a tech industry ceo , on grounds of the fact that all of them are extremely busy . 
  it 's not the workload that intimidates me ; the job itself , i think , would be an enjoyable way to spend time . 
  it 's the fact that i 'm afraid it may be something which goes beyond work , and takes over your entire lifestyle . 
  i 'm worried that , if i were to become ceo of google , i 'd have to be ready to make a crucial decision or get to the googleplex at a moment 's notice , 24/7 . 
  in this hypothetical outcome , i 'd never be able to take vacations , i 'd never be able to spend a few hours ignoring calls to pay attention to my family , etc. 
  what 's the point of having an $ 18.7 billion net worth if you never get the chance to spend a few hours walking around your city , throwing money at homeless people , stealing people 's cars and replacing them with newer models , or filling every paid parking space in the city with an old car , not paying the meters , and having the cars towed , only to put each one back , and the city ca n't stop you because you can afford to keep paying the fines , and they do n't have enough tow trucks to keep up with you ? 
  this hypothetical outcome scares me , not because i think it 's likely , but because i might have no way of finding out whether it 's the case until it 's too late . 
  by the time i 'm close enough with any big tech industry leaders to know what their lives are like , i 've already devoted my life to getting there ; it 's too late to change my mind and try making a billion dollars some other way . 
  and , even though i can rationally back it up , the statement `` the ceo of google probably is n't too busy '' still sounds rather laughable . 
  so , i decided i would ask you . 
  if any of these are too personal , feel free to tell me off , but if not , answers would be greatly appreciated . 
  do you get to spend a lot of time with your wife/kids ? 
  what would happen if you spontaneously decided to take a week-long vacation because nothing particularly important was happening at work that week ? 
  what if you took a week-long vacation but planned it ahead of time ? 
  about how many days do you spend at work each year ? 
  essentially , how much of your life is controlled by working at valve , and how busy do you feel it makes you ? 
  again , i apologize if any of that 's too personal . 
  i appreciate your time reading this , and hope to hear from you . 
  and here 's what i just sent back to him :, 
  regarding the quote from steve jobs - like i said , i would enjoy the work itself ( making customers happy ) , but more importantly , i set out to make money because i want to make customers - or rather , people in general - happy . 
  there 's no way i could ever spend a billion dollars directly on myself ; i 'd want to spend it funding scientific research , and investing in start-up companies , and personal projects which benefit both myself and others ( e.g. , filmmaking ) . 
  in fact , when i was a little kid , the biggest reason i had for wanting so much money - before i could understand things like grant money or corporate investment - was because i thought it would be awesome to have enough money that i could give a homeless person a few tens of thousands of dollars to get their life together , and barely even notice that the money is missing . 
  regarding the rest of your email , would you say it 's fair to summarize your point as something like `` the job makes me busy because there 's nothing i 'd rather be doing ? '', 
  if so , i 'm guessing that , should i be ceo of google , there will very rarely be a moment of my life where i 'm doing something i enjoy more than running google . 
  i just do n't want those moments to completely disappear . 
  regarding warren buffet , i 'm well aware of his philanthropy and non-extravagant lifestyle , and he 's already a personal role model of mine . 
  i apologize if i 'm wasting your time at this point or coming off disrespectfully , but i certainly have thought this through , and i 'm still quite certain that my concerns are valid . 
  they ( he ? ), 
  both usually draw sort of lazily ( munroe especially ) , which there is nothing wrong with , and both occasionally show some sort of example of how they can actually do much better art . 
  i do n't have time for an in-depth reply right now , so all i 'm gon na say is that it looks fine , and * mendicant , not medicate . 
  but also parcel mistress . 
  `` post-cascade '' ? 
  what about the most important one of all , calliope ? 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  i do n't care about the points themselves , just that in that particular discussion i was discredited , and lots of people probably tagged me as `` racist asshole '' or something . 
  it * is * `` an '' , you stupid fuck . 
  i meant amazon reviews in general as the nice thing . 
  if they keep this up ? 
  fine , amazon * joke * reviews . 
  what if they institute a no-tolerance policy ? 
  what will happen to potential things like three wolf moon ? 
  i had a real long tirade about what i disliked about this , but many of the seeming compositional errors disappeared when i tripled the volume . 
  ( well , cubed it . ), 
  so i 'll say this : the sound mixing was bad . 
  much too much emphasis on the strings , and much too little emphasis on the vibraphone . 
  brass practically disappeared when the strings were playing , and the notes given to the ( upper ) strings were relatively monotonous and made the piece stagger a bit , as well as detracting from the strings themselves . 
  and this is coming from a strings player . 
  i would have put more emphasis on everything but the strings , especially on the vibes , and rewritten the strings parts so that they actually suited them rather than being a clear direct translation from the original to the strings . 
  ( this mostly only applies to the first part . ), 
  in fact , another thing that bothered me was that it was a direct translation at all . 
  arrangements are rarely ever one-to-one reproductions of the original piece , and when arranging between two mediums that are so different as these i think the arranger could have especially done more . 
  not necessarily `` more '' as in `` more time '' ( although that was definitely an option ) , but departing from the structure of the original piece , and instead organizing it in a different way that would be of more use to a symphonic orchestra , artistically . 
  what i did like were the various instrumental solos , particularly the very brief trumpet one . 
  the usage of tremolo at the end there was also nice . 
  edit : ( there also used to be a bit about not having an orchestra to play it , but , as goluxas pointed out , for all i know he could be arranging out of his basement and never met an actual musician in his life , so that 's not really a valid criticism to make ; but , for future reference , if you do know any musicians , professional or otherwise , if you offer them a gig they 'll be happy to play for you ), 
  thing is , if she can be mistaken for a `` taller , white jack '' , why have you depicted her so femininely ? 
  i think after the prototyping , the regisword morphed into a regikatana . 
  that customarily disappears , i think . 
  it 's a comic , told mostly linearly . 
  ( linearly as in you go from one page to the next . ), 
  some panels have sound and a select few are interactive games , but it 's still basically a straight progression from point a to point b. 
  you know , start at the beginning and read to the end . 
  i misused the phrase `` ca n't have nice things '' and am trying to weakly justify it . 
  i 'm actually not happy about this at all . 
  i feel that your former point is the least important part of the critique . 
  but i still think that it applies . 
  i mean , i do know people , and so even i can get a half-assed ( string ) orchestra together if i ever need one . 
  but i 'm not sure about whether this guy does this for a living or not . 
  he has really nice synths , certainly , but why does n't he have an orchestra by this point , if this is sort of his job ? 
  if he 's an amateur , i can excuse him . 
  edit : i 've taken that part out and replaced it with another , more sound point . 
  why `` irl cakeday '' ? 
  lovely picture btw . 
  i have not yet dared to imagine what a muse godtier costume would look like , bu this is headcanon until further notice , despite breaking the pattern and lacking a hood . 
  he seems to be experienced in them nonetheless . 
  pfft what 's that, 
  so then the vibraphone * should * be louder , but it 's not the composer 's fault ? 
  small height differences , 91 kilometers ? 
  2.8 % is pretty significant . 
  but , would n't that be an even more significant [ 6.86 % ] ( http://wolfr.am/pazemr ) ? 
  edit : wait , i 'm dumb . 
  wait a second , let me correct . 
  edit 2 : shit , i suck at physics . 
  give me a bit more time ... 
  edit 3 : [ you 're right !, 
  ] ( http://wolfr.am/qszudg ) huh . 
  funny how it 's so close to its double ... 
  that 's true . 
  first i 've heard of it . 
  i 've been reading mspa since problem sleuth ... :( i sort of stayed away from the fandom , though . 
  also , these color names were only obviated a short while ago . 
  huh . 
  what is it with poe and things in walls/floors ? 
  maybe because it 's a work in progress , or because you should n't be looking at an encyclopedic entry of something you 're reading anyway .
