  pave over it . 
  i think dwarf fortress on the whole would be better if toady just used greedy pathfinding . 
  it 's more realistic , and a whole lot easier on the processing . 
  dammit , i thought you posted this in the new thread i made . 
  could you please post it again there , for morale ? 
  i refuse to believe this , because i want to be a seer . 
  creator made a fixed one . 
  this one is part of the top submissions on this subreddit of all time . 
  you lose internet points . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  i 'd just demolish the walls , though , and rebuild them . 
  though , to be honest , engraved walls that are n't in designated archivical halls are kind of really annoying . 
  the other place in which i put them , usually , is in dwarfs ' bedrooms , so they have something to stare at . 
  it 's hard work designating all of those !, 
  ( and please do n't tell me to use command macros ? ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  how does that work ? 
  how did you make the gif ? 
  nitrogen , on the other hand ... 
  okay , that is completely true . 
  :( i mean , the first part ; i did n't know about the second part . 
  ** fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag fag , so brave **, 
  and then 0.34.09, 
  famous last words !, 
  that was kind of a painful scene to watch , from the movie ... 
  ... this rendition is just goddamn hilarious , though . 
  texture pack ?? 
  that would make sense . 
  i do n't retract my previous statement , though . 
  it would n't be experimental at that point . 
  i found out , it 's evga !, 
  it would n't . 
  good luck ; installing folding@home has majorly fucked up my computer !, 
  no folding for me . 
  :( ( typing with my iphone ), 
  i know , but still . 
  i 've had some decompression sickness in my day ( nothing serious ) . 
  [ http://m.xkcd.com] ( http://m.xkcd.com ), 
  which is why you are here . 
  how could we ever gain any return whatsoever ? 
  it 's analysis for analysis ' sake . 
  karma never mattered , so of course analyzing it is n't going to help . 
  [ i can compete . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dwarffortress/comments/q2b8f/4dimensional_dwarf_fortress/ ) except , ignore the top comment ? 
  no , just that it would n't produce any return besides data . 
  that does not make it pointless . 
  well , shit . 
  hey , i find this pretty good, 
  get sucked into the black hole of discussion !, 
  you 're actually both completely correct . 
  good job . 
  you can do it on the iphone , too , as of recently . 
  science !, 
  i always have so much performing this piece . 
  movement four will always be my favorite . 
  edit : also , i just realized that my itunes album for it lacks cover art . 
  that has now been fixed . 
  edit 2 : wait , but it 's performed by the royal philharmonic orchestra . 
  eh , they wo n't mind , will they ? 
  it 's a scheme to destroy us all !, 
  we have to warn someone !, 
  i 'd think it 's roxy 's planet . 
  it follows the pattern of the beta session . 
  no , do n't argue . 
  [ see this thread . 
  i was going to link you the applet itself , but it 's gone . 
  d : wait , lem me get to the wayback machine ... ] ( http://www.bay12forums.com/smf/index.php?topic=56041.0 ), 
  edit : [ yes , it is here . 
  ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20110719085935/http://www.stefan-baur.de/cs.web.mashup.pathfinding.html ) ( click `` close '' for that bar at the top ), 
  by the way . 
  rock . 
  ( not that you had any control over this particular creation ), 
  lucky bastard . 
  or whatever . 
  i used barrels for quite a bit of time , years even . 
  i knew about rock pots , but somehow i never implemented them . 
  it seemed like you were * supposed * to use barrels . 
  so that was what i used . 
  i was so gullible . 
  rock pots work better . 
  this is an immutable fact . 
  why the hell would you have all that rock in the first place , then . 
  then again , statues and pointless monuments . 
  once , i had to start trading for stone . 
  i was under the impression that the youtube display name was your username , not your name ? 
  what 's it a reference to ? 
  well , duh . 
  the point is n't `` omg it equals 413 '' . 
  the point is `` look at this cool tribute i wrote '' . 
  i know he was , but where was spades slick in problem sleuth ? 
  i do n't remember him from there . 
  how does the spamfilter work , anyway ? 
  question : did you have to * remove * anything to make it equal 413 ? 
  holy shit , yes . 
  i ca n't read anything in matt smith 's voice for some reason . 
  it keeps turning into tennant 's . 
  wait , i 'm an idiot . 
  lopan comes after lotak , making it dirk 's . 
  someone slap me . 
  my adamantine stockpile is always kept sealed off by a floodgate until i need it .
