  aaron , we will find you and castrate you with traditional reindeer knife, 
  she has a point . 
  what have they done together since the party ? 
  they were there for the news about elliot 's awakening , anyway . 
  agreed, 
  am i the only one who still likes the transparent + neon cases ? 
  that 's the exact design my phone had in the early 2000s . 
  unearthing a build like that would be a treasure imo . 
  yeah , the fact that he notices how much time he spends maintaining his computer makes him such a terrible user !, 
  nice ... audio console ? 
  why do n't you actually show the functional body of the device ? 
  back in the 1930s , hungary used to be ruled by the former grand admiral . 
  do you know what we did n't have ? 
  a coast . 
  ( lots of rivers though . ), 
  tangentially , that iteration of hungary was legally a kingdom , but never had a king . 
  the conversation between our diplomat and america 's where we introduced ourselves was hilarious . 
  a rather on the nose one at that, 
  great britain, 
  skyrim , no wait it 's called westeros, 
  oh , wow , a landscape , this is some pretty involved art actually, 
  oh my , a guy , we should call / r/heavymind !, 
  walter white ? 
  peter dinklage !, 
  the nice part is that it 's the same in english , too !, 
  as the hs fandom , we are probably uniquely better at worse art than anyone ( phrasing ? 
  you mean `` d\u0265 '' ( pronounced `` dyw '' , with the `` y '' making the consonant sound , not the vowel sound ) . 
  alternatively `` d\u053f '' , pronounced `` dk '' . 
  ( or there 's the combo with the cyrillic letter , but that 's boring . ), 
  they would n't be able to do anything . 
  alternatively , they could do anything , but even if you lose the war , you cripple russia . 
  sami : now an accepted culture in norway ? 
  this makes you terrible at linguistic relativism . 
  i am secondhandly offended for all the speakers of austronesian and australian languages . 
  * [ screams in german ] *, 
  what the fuck did you just etc, 
  very interesting but narrower in scope than what i 'm looking for . 
  on a side note , i had no idea that there was still a significant number of users of '' :-) '' . 
  edit : and this paper confirms my stereotype that likelihood of using a hyphen nose correlates negatively with time spent on the internet . 
  i do that too , occasionally . 
  and yes , the dialects are associated with different online communities , but i want to know which online communities developed which features when . 
  perhaps the first such description i ever came across was [ the jargon file 's ] ( http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/writing-style.html ) , but it is outdated and short . 
  i 'd type something like `` kill yourself '' but in this case it 's impossible to out-parody reddit . 
  you see , this is exactly why non-americans are the scum of the earth : they have n't seen * the goonies . 
  edit : guys , when i posted this , the mean answers were n't deleted yet . 
  gim me a break . 
  there 's not much to call about em really . 
  what does interest me is the `` most '' . 
  which one of those does she know ? 
  is it your cats/dogs one ? 
  do they have those ? 
  what about the 500 feet one , do they use feet ? 
  i mean , they speak english and use medieval germanic titles , so they could totally have medieval germanic measurements too . 
  why is everything so blobby ? 
  how many players in this game ? 
  thanks ? 
  i guess that puts it in perspective . 
   bad french, 
  it 's called quebecois !, 
  how does them having mass imply oscillation ( or vice versa ) ? 
  the last ones are pretty funny . 
  correct , although the text contains 100 % loanwords and latinisms as far as i can tell . 
  edit : actually , azerbaijani , altai , and a russian variety of sami also use this letter . 
  and , of course , so would anyone who does n't know much about the cyrillic alphabet . 
  hasten your roll !, 
  what is actually oscillating here , and producing interference ? 
  is it a quantum effect ? 
  i thought this was getting downvoted because isots are boring and terrible . 
  turns out it 's just that this sub is full of filthy casuals . 
  it 's not my fault you 're unoriginal !, 
  \\  macedonian, 
  \\  not calling it west bulgarian, 
  edit : just to be clear , this is a joke, 
  in both classical and ( italian ) ecclesiastical latin you 'd just say knih-da-ree-ah with the a 's being the further forward european `` a '' rather than the american ways of pronouncing it . 
  but in english you usually say `` nye-dear-ee-uh '' or `` nih-dear-ee-uh '' . 
  i 've also heard `` nih-dar-ee-uh '' where the `` a '' makes the sound in the middle of the word `` hat '' . 
  in the end it does n't really matter . 
  and why i call everything in china `` chinese '', 
  i guess microbes found a way around the radiation ? 
  last time i used ms paint , it had the worst undo support ever . 
  so , that totally would n't work . 
  this is bullshit - you 're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion . 
  freebie ? 
  i ca n't tell if this dude 's lying or not . 
  it 'd be easy if they 'd first show you someone who you know for sure 's lying and someone who you know for sure 's not . 
  then you can just look for which animation it is . 
  god forbid he not be able to see what an overexaggerated animation with relatively shitty graphics is supposed to represent . 
  i 'm in the same boat as him , and i score just fine on those `` recognizing emotion '' sorts of quizzes . 
  maybe an actually autistic person would have already memorized the characteristics you 're supposed to look for in a liar , and would be easily able to identify the animations , where these characteristics are exaggerated . 
  exactly !, 
  huh . 
  well , i mean , it * is * an animation ... a motion-captured animation . 
  but that 's cool . 
  it 's still pretty shitty though . 
  never seen a person move like this . 
  huh ? 
  this is a game , la noire . 
  oops . 
  tired, 
  too blurry to read , but it looks like hokkaido and southern sakhalin ?
