  but what about other people ? 
  eheheheh bus kisses, 
  yes , but not emotionally . 
  we do n't practice ethics because of we have sympathy ( of which many people , including me , have none ) ; the emotion is an unreliable source on how to act ethically , since it would tell you to spend $ 500 on letting your friend stay at your place for a while , rather than donate $ 500 to buying mosquito nets for african children ( currently the second-best way to save lives , in terms of lives/dollar ; i forgot the first ) . 
  i worry about other people because ethics says i should . 
  less specifically , i worry about it because having everybody cooperate in prisoner 's dilemma-type scenarios is more convenient for me than having everybody not cooperate . 
  by cooperating , i am establishing further precedent that everybody else should cooperate . 
  acting ethically is a form of this . 
  i know , [ missing the point can be a form of humor ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/comicallymissingthepoint ) . 
  ^ ( ( maybe you were also deliberately missing the point as a form of comedy , but it seems much more likely that you actually thought i did n't know about one of the most popular memes on ... never mind ) ^ ), 
  if the point of ethics is making yourself happy by appealing to your sympathy , then why bother extending it globally in the first place ? 
  you would make much more use of your sympathy if it were localized to people you know well ; again , in my example of spending money on your friend vs children at risk for malaria , spending the money on your friend would make you happier . 
  or the classic scenario of a train running over your family vs five times as many strangers . 
  you 'd feel better if you spent the money on your friend , or if the train ran over the strangers instead of your family . 
  why do you feel you ought to make decisions as though you felt about everyone like they were your family ? 
  ( as for why i do ethics , see above . ), 
  the front ( which you are looking at ) features an eas seat for kerbals . 
  this one is weighted down unnecessarily to simulate a kerbal in the front seat , but i intend to use it to shuttle kerbals around in the future anyway . 
  ( it 's meant to be more of a contingency if a craft is running out of fuel : i can rendezvous and eva the kerbal to the shuttle . ), 
  it only functions when there 's light . 
  it weighs 0.4 tons . 
  it has 5 km/s of delta-v . 
  thanks , but i need to make it through aluffi first !, 
  from your handle i would have thought you were a linguist , hehehe . 
   so , what did it look like on the surface ? 
  once i do the whole mission where i get a kerbal to eve and back , i 'll show you . 
   that 's quite a few more solar panels than you really need . 
  no it is n't . 
  it still does n't charge it up fully from some angles . 
  this is as many as fit on the craft , though . 
  the shuttle is powered via ion engine . 
  those take lots of electricity . 
  hmm , tracking , i did n't think of that . 
  i looked at the mass amounts and figured that the additional mass just was n't worth it , before . 
  i 'll give it a look . 
  heck no . 
  ion drives have nowhere near enough twr to get off of eve 's surface , and it 's only got 5 km/s of delta-v instead of the requisite ~ 9 km/s ( starting from the highest point ) . 
  or batcycle , anyway . 
  is he literally standing on a soapbox ? 
   ( like some programming languages ), 
  are you thinking of lisp and co. in particular ? 
  those , anyway , usually actually look quite elegant and legible . 
  because i indent them , and because it uses prefix notation rather than infix notation , not because of any editor . 
  i 'm not suggesting we do write math using lisp notation ; it would be inflexible and would require lots of changes to all the other notation . 
  obviously a stock picture . 
  i want to see that thing in your vx !, 
  fractal land generation is relatively easy to write . 
  the rest of it is harder but still doable . 
  i doubt squad would need to team up with anyone to implement it . 
  do you ever make sushi , though ? 
  salmon knives are very useful for that . 
  meh it would be good enough to hold their attention for a day or two . 
  you should start looking into a real simulator immediately though . 
  holy crap , that was nearly a whole dollar . 
  also , holy crap , the value of dogecoins is approaching that of forints ( the currency in my home country ) . 
  what liquids are they ? 
  sometimes i like to make a pretend periodic table , just for fun . 
  a parasitic , sexually-transmissible dog . 
   code in haskell, 
  but muh flexibilitys, 
  ox-4 works a lot better than ox-stats , and actually weighs less !, 
  ( i thought ox-4s had four panels , turns out they have six . ), 
  thanks !, 
  i probably should n't tell you about any of my eve missions , then . 
  oh god . 
  as great as space is , i would never be able to do that . 
  come on , it was n't * that * bad . 
  they got the basics right : you need fuel to change your velocity , not your position , and if you run out of it you 're fucked . 
  they even got newton 's 3rd law right : she threw away the empty fire extinguisher as a last-ditch attempt to change her velocity . 
  the problem with it was more the whole premise : disregarding the fact that kessler syndrome can not occur in the first place ( and the fact that hubble is nowhere near the iss , which can be chalked up to suspension of disbelief ) , the whole bit with the junk cloud was confusing . 
  was it a disk that extended throughout the whole orbit and the whole range of heights in leo and had a polar orbit ? 
  or was it orbiting retrograde with respect to the stations ? 
  how would it have gotten into that orbit in the first place , in either case ? 
  and , how was her velocity synchronized with that of the chinese station ? 
  and was the cloud so thick that after two passes you actually deorbit ? 
  the general implausibility of the whole scenario was my main concern ( although it did n't stop me from enjoying the movie ) . 
  nice , but if the oceans are supposed to be made of hydrocarbons , then they should be the color of gasoline . 
  also , i 've always thought of eve as the titan . 
  thick atmosphere , hydrocarbon oceans and lakes , weird color ? 
  totally titan . 
  you should make a titan texture for * that * . 
  although , in terms of habitability , laythe is probably closer . 
  edit : apparently liquid methane is still cyan , like the gas . 
  perfect , then !, 
  aerobraking , probably . 
  alcohol is not a hydrocarbon ; it is alcohol . 
  and the sea is not blue because it reflects the sky , it is blue because water reflects blue light . 
  edit : although , it 's not like all hydrocarbons are gasoline-colored , either . 
  methane , for example , is [ cyan . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/uranus2.jpg ) methane ice , however , is [ orange ] ( http://oceanexplorer.noaa.gov/explorations/06mexico/background/plan/media/iceworms_600.jpg ) , or methane clathrate anyway ( water crystallized around it ) . 
  ( those little worms are the cutest things ever by the way . ), 
  this raises the question as to what color liquid methane is , which is what is on titan . 
  googling says that it 's roughly the same color as gaseous methane . 
  the sky is blue because the dust particles scatter blue light . 
  if you make light travel a longer distance through it , it turns other shades , that you see during sunset ( since the light , being tangent to you , has traveled through much more atmosphere than it normally does ) . 
  if you changed the size of the particles in the air then the light would turn different colors . 
  [ as for water . 
  ] ( http://www.dartmouth.edu/~etrnsfer/water.htm ), 
  btw you should read my [ edit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/1w1wvg/created_a_new_cloud_texture_for_laythe_a_hostile/cey8m9m ) , i was wrong about the color anyway . 
  no way .
