  ( and export everything to russia . ), 
   in the children of immigrants , the oldest will have the best ability in the language of their parents , and each subsequent sibling will have less and less ability . 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i 'm curious to see their sample size , and sample population . 
  in the month or so since you 've written this comment i 've only observed counterexamples . 
  ( my sample * is * no doubt smaller than that study 's , but that 's why i wan na see it . ), 
  edit : was it [ this one ? 
  ] ( http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fpsyg.2015.00705/abstract ) ( obtained just by googling the first sentence of your comment ) i 'm a bit worried that they were all german-speaking households , since language correlates strongly with culture , although it looks like they controlled for a couple major environmental variables like how many books they had at home . 
  still , i 'd expect the interaction to be rather different for , say , korean-speaking households . 
  edit 2 : no , wait , german was l2 , not l1 . 
  now i 'm curious again . 
  although now i 'm reminded that the country which they emigrate to probably also affects this phenomenon . 
  but countries of major interest , such as the anglosphere countries , probably are n't that different from germany for these purposes . 
  edit 3 : skimmed the paper , it seems they only studied german , i.e. 
  l2 ability , and their results did n't show a very strong correlation anyway . 
  oh well , still looking . 
  surprisingly you do n't need to download anywhere near 100 % of a movie to watch it , depending on the format . 
  once i dl ` ed a tv series where the download got stuck at 92 % , leaving the episodes between 80 % and 100 % , but even the least complete ones worked almost perfectly , with only minor glitches . 
  ( the quality of the whole thing was shit anyway , but the quality of the 100 % ones was just as bad as the quality of the 80 % ones . ), 
  this is probably because the headers were included for every file ( although i do n't actually know which ones had headers ; this is just speculation on my part ) . 
  if they 're not included , you might still be able to fix them in a hex editor or something . 
  why is it frowned upon ? 
  i get that it 's suboptimal , but surely people would n't make a big deal out of it unless it created a noticeable inconvenience . 
  no , reddit 's standard is you must have at least a bs in a stem field , or you get sterilized . 
  also major points against you if you are a feminist or a conservative . 
  what irl dialect is the orc dialect based on , if any ? 
  you write it very well . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it does n't look like it 's made in ksp unless there 's a nested ring of 38 boosters at the bottom that dispenses 2 at a time . 
  wait , you 're one of the dozen guys who maintain 9front ? 
  the plan 9 world really is quite small . 
  there 's been a couple designs like that but it 's apparently aerodynamically unfavorable . 
  also maybe the fuel thing , i dunno . 
  thank you for the well-informed and in-depth answer , this is exactly what i was wondering about !, 
  if it 's not too much of a bother , though , could you address the complexity of sentence-level tone melodies specifically ? 
  the limits on syllable-level tone do point towards certain limits on overall complexity , but i 'm curious as to how complex * sequences * of these can get . 
  in the language i 'm learning at the moment , tagalog , the most complex tone melodies seem to only have up to two `` turning points '' in pitch , excepting the up-down intonation used for lists which is `` simple '' in its own way . 
  i believe in my l1 , hungarian , we have a melody with three such turning points , but i 'm not sure . 
  and any actor will tell you that even a two-syllable utterance such as `` oh , god '' can have a wide variety of possible intonations with different semantic qualities . 
  people are demonstrably capable of learning very complex melodies in music ; i 'm curious how much of this ability is actually applied in natural language . 
  not only that , also the k/s ratio ( kills per soldiers ), 
   i think if you 're looking at tagalog and saying `` in this case it 's the third word that 's high but in this other example it 's the fourth , so that 's two patterns '' , then you 're making it more complex than it needs to be . 
  it 's much simpler to say `` the stressed word/syllable is high , wherever it falls '' and then really , even though there may be multiple realisations of that rule , it 's still a single and predictable rule . 
  well , i do indeed get my information about tone in tagalog from trg , but i think of the tone rules in terms of exactly as many rules as trg describes . 
  everything else is lost on me !, 
  i 'll do try and keep this in mind though when looking at it , as it 's an angle i have n't considered and the tone rules * are * pretty difficult to memorize as they are in trg . 
  you say questions are generally rising , but both in hungarian and tagalog i know that by default questions are falling . 
  is that unusual , do you know ? 
  are there sentence-level tone patterns that are common , but which an english speaker would consider anomalies ? 
  in general , how much of our intuition for tone comes from the language we speak , and how much of it comes from innate associations , such as that of especially high pitch with semantic stress ? 
  after all , the few dozen or so ways to say `` oh , god '' ca n't all be individually learned tone patterns . 
  thank you once again for responding quickly and informatively ; it is very nice of you . 
  that 's true . 
  i forgot there 's a difference . 
  but people do n't actually give upvotes for that ; all the highly-upvoted / r/mildlyinteresting submissions are interesting, 
  kale then, 
  dunno , it 's way too bitter and crunchy for me, 
  the only two good things about adobe are that they make good software and that they do n't hugely care about piracy . 
  yeah , if i ran a subreddit i would n't want op on it either, 
  congratulations hungary ?? 
  since it 's a built-in res thing , i doubt it 's possible . 
  edit : huh, 
  this would probably be very illegal, 
  draw a chart, 
  it 's not comic sans , so it abides by the rules, 
  you can get arbitrary amounts of land in an ironman save . 
  it 's a huge exploit . 
  the only catch is that all the land is uncored . 
  they 'll have to migrate a little further if they want to get back to the urals/central asia depending on what branch you trace their heritage, 
  to be fair sodium is n't great for you , and deficiency is n't terrible . 
  here 's the thing . 
  what * are * those `` ufos '' ? 
  i 'd think they 're imaging artifacts because they are evenly spaced and vertically level , but then they 're not in the middle of the picture . 
  / r/theredpill is that way -- , 
  maybe the picture was cropped, 
  they might be repetitive , but :, 
  - they 're a totally valid interpretation of the sub 's theme, 
  - the news they convey is usually interesting, 
  - it 's not like this sub could do with less content, 
  god save / u/c4pples, 
  not off to a good start with losing a war to france, 
  for a second i thought this was a different sub , and just read the title , and was automatically going to comment `` no do n't '', 
  but ... behind them you can clearly see mars 's scenery, 
  so am i. 
  your monitor must be low-contrast ; try tilting it, 
  i do n't think they ever cored much of that land, 
  hungary will whine about getting trianon back as always , but get annexed by hungry germans . 
  or more likely voluntarily cede their land to rome/the vatican . 
  they 're an offshoot of the siberians ; i would n't call that `` central/northeast '', 
  the selkup q is different from the yupik q. 
  they 're far closer to siberans than to central asians . 
  but really it depends on the timeframe . 
  at some point , their ancestors did live in central asia . 
  but later they lived in siberia . 
  and earlier they lived in the middle east . 
  and still earlier , ethiopia . 
  alternate histories : if finland had imperialismed vietnam instead of portugal, 
  annex everything , raise war exhaustion to 20 and lower stab to -3 so everyone revolts and the world is composed entirely out of nation-states . 
  one exception is that i 'd get rid of all the colonizers except brittany and norway . 
  hungary ?
