  why did he wait so long , anyway ? 
  especially for a guy who can teleport or stop time or something . 
  certain aboriginal communities in australia do n't want others to learn their languages , since they view them as the property of the community . 
  i 'm already not totally on board with that . 
  this is far worse . 
  my computer does n't have papyrus so it chose to replace it with ... impact . 
  close enough , i guess ? 
  it 's just using lookalike unicode symbols, 
  you need ms office, 
  it does n't look like 15mm . 
  you can barely tell it 's higher . 
  i guess it 's not 9.5 mm though . 
  not literal ppt slide transitions though . 
  the only movie i 've seen those in are * megan is missing * . 
  10gag just steals memes from 5chan . 
  i know nobody likes social justice , but the whole `` random natives '' thing strikes me as pretty disrespectful to new world peoples . 
  like , y' all do n't actually matter , we may as well just replace you with procedurally generated nations . 
  and while they really * do n't * matter to an extent -- a lot of the new world peoples lack much flavor in this game anyway -- it 's the thought that counts . 
  imo the options between the ow and the nw should be more symmetric . 
  how interesting would it be if you played as a new worlder , and randomized all the nations of the old world ? 
  randomized geography not required . 
  no , but just the old world . 
  we can either do just the nw or the whole board , but not just the ow ? 
  from a gameplay perspective , it 's interesting not to know what to expect from colonizers , and from a message perspective , you 'd be no longer showing new worlders that no one cares about them . 
  this gif smells strongly of paint . 
  i ca n't get it to smell like icing , which is terrible . 
  linguistics is a branch of history now ? 
  which squarely puts geology under history as well . 
  there 's historical geology and historical linguistics . 
  but the tech thing has a historical basis insofar as that it allows railroading the western nations to victory ( which is what historically happened ) . 
  there is nothing gained by having an option to randomize one ( geographical ) half of the world 's peoples , but not having an option to randomize the other half . 
  again , all it does is send the message that they do n't matter . 
  exactly, 
  as far as i know they 're just `` receivers '', 
  what about the rule of two ? 
  jeez , 1990 was n't that long ago . 
  why ? 
  did he start training before darth maul died ? 
  edit : wait , are you referring to his training of asajj ventress ? 
  if so , then i 'd make the argument that they would n't violate the rule of two as lightly in the movie series as in the eu , and also that if ventress and dooku 's relationship shows anything it 's that disobeying the rule of two is an atypical and doomed relationship for the sith . 
  what an old meme, 
  reddit has a history of having lots of eugenics advocates . 
  i 'm happy that this thread is playing out neutrally at worst, 
  but bad puns are the best !, 
  yeah but some euros have that too so who cares, 
  well , for example , the time and resources spent making * after earth * could have been spent making a good movie . 
  i never said he should be vilified forever . 
  i 'm just supporting the opinion that jaden smith 's career is being forced by his father . 
  if instead of * after earth * , they had made a bad movie that * was n't * a vehicle to catapult jaden to stardom , then he would n't have been `` shoved down our throats '' . 
  but , of course , preferably they should have just made an enjoyable movie instead . 
  either way , jaden is an unnecessary element in the equation put there by will smith . 
  unfortunately i do n't really remember . 
  i 'm pretty sure i liked the movie as a whole , though . 
  latin education in the us is weird . 
  in my country , hungary , we have been learning latin for hundreds of years , because it was the lingua franca of the habsburg empire ( and other parts of europe ) . 
  back when we were ruled by the austrians , the official language of the government , and the school system , was latin , not hungarian ( or german for that matter ) . 
  for a long time , we were not educated about the hungarian language , just latin . 
  for still longer , our government 's language was latin . 
  it 's not that everybody was fluent in it , but certainly enough that it loaned many words and phrases into hungarian , most famously the adverb/interjection `` persze '' ( `` of course '' ) , from `` per se intelligitur '' ( `` it 's understood as itself '' ) . 
  once we fought [ a war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_revolution_of_1848 ) over too much latin , among other things . 
  we lost , because revolutions are hard to win when it 's just you versus both the habsburg and russian empires . 
  for the longest time , latin was the language everyone learned and knew , and used to communicate across cultures . 
  i have a table of integrals published in the early 1800s , less than 200 years ago , that is in two languages : latin and german . 
  it was meant for the common high school student . 
  because it was in latin , it could be sold across all of central europe . 
  you ca n't take the time to translate it into polish , hungarian , czech/slovak , serbo-croatian , etc. , but nobody even considered doing that . 
  want to internationalize something ? 
  just write it in latin . 
  anyone who 'd went to school would understand it . 
  ( and i guess the internationalization was successful , because i still use and read it . 
  i used it to study for exams in college . ), 
  then you have the us , which was never integrated into the european international community . 
  they never had a reason to learn latin other than interest in an old language that used to be important somewhere else . 
  so in the us you get mocked for learning latin . 
  `` why would anyone learn it ? 
  it 's a dead language . '', 
  i would have thought it would at least still be in use as a liturgical language here , but actually most masses are almost purely in english , even among catholics . 
  people see absolutely no reason to learn latin . 
  it 's just something the romans spoke 2,000 years ago . 
  the guys on another continent who were good at war or something . 
  and that 's entirely fair . 
  there is simply no social network ( not the online kind , [ the linguistics kind ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_network_ ( sociolinguistics \\ ) ) ) for latin in the us , so nobody learns it or sees value in learning it . 
  but it sure is a culture shock , coming from somewhere where latin only fell out of use relatively recently . 
  edit : [ someone uploaded the same book to imgur !, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/axesy ) it 's in a little better condition than mine , lol, 
  do n't come to central europe . 
  edit : well , do come to hungary , we do n't make people pay nearly as often as our neighbors, 
  wtf ? 
  this is basically spam . 
  mods , where are you ? 
  it works pretty well considering it 's an antijoke . 
  but that 's just because i do n't have the attention span to remember the title by the time i get to the punchline . 
  that was the dumbest , redditiest thing i 've seen here, 
  1/3 of all hungarians matter !, 
  ( and so do the rest of them , obviously ), 
  dunno , in siberia we were already making things like the [ shigir idol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shigir_idol ) with fairly complex markings on them 11k years ago . 
  musta invented a writing system * sometime * between then and now . 
  or not . 
  we probably wo n't ever know . 
  same applies to everywhere else .
