  bream, 
  would that even have fallen over ? 
  this joke is made every time a game has a functional radio in it !, 
  it 's getting kind of old . 
  is n't there ? 
  that 's ... terrible . 
  i prefer the metric system to the imperial system but for two things :, 
  - feet are convenient to count in, 
  - fahrenheit is convenient to judge temperature : in a temperate climate , the coldest you 're ever going to encounter is about 0 , and the hottest you 're ever going to encounter is about 100, 
  if the metric system introduced feet as 1/3 of a meter , i would be very happy . 
  conversion to fahrenheit is not necessary because celsius 's elegance wins over fahrenheit 's convenience . 
  then again , if we used a scale where absolute 0 was 0 and the melting point of water was 1000 , that would be both elegant * and * convenient . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous that we still use a relative scale for temperature . 
  nice , but if you are a person who listens to classical music , you 'd generally be able to tell apart these things just by listening , and if you 're not , then the terminology is probably incomprehensible to you . 
  yeah , they 're one of the only multicellular extremophiles ( in fact , the only one i know about ) . 
  and not only are they extremophiles , but they 're * poly * extremophiles !, 
  they can withstand a very wide range of temperatures and are also good at surviving in a vacuum and surviving radiation . 
  probably the best way to kill these guys is to hurl them into the sun ( or just a regular fire will do ) . 
  by `` relative '' i meant that 0 is not absolute zero , i.e. 
  it 's useless for equations that involve temperature , like dh-tds . 
  i usually take advantage of the errors made during soi changes . 
  what usually happens is i make a gravitational assist from mun that gets me out of orbit , that should n't have . 
  if you took a tennis ball and soaked it in water , and then spun it around really fast , then the water would be shaken off in droplets . 
  this is very similar : the planet spins so fast that it shakes off pretty much anything on it ( but not at the poles , because they spin slower relative to , say , the equator ) . 
  obviously not, 
  rule of thumb : almost no organism can survive above 100c , and no organism at all can survive above 150c . 
  a fire will kill it . 
  let me guess , * super 8 * ? 
  ( based on the review referencing * goonies * ), 
  titan checking in , i live in a boat floating on a gas lake . 
  in the back , is that callisto ? 
  that outside is liquid hot , still . 
  but i think i understand what you 're saying ... 
  africa is big , and also close to madagascar . 
  a funnier thing to say would be , `` a man in siberia just coughed . '', 
  edit : oh well , you ca n't win 'em all . 
  tell people that game theory is microeconomics . 
  then they might get it . 
  nobody likes to use awt , because it 's wrong , and you 're a crackpot . 
  now , i 'm not a physicist . 
  but if i found a crackpot in my field , i would immediately be able to tell them apart from a non-crackpot . 
  it 's pretty hard to accidentally get something right about biology , because the whole thing is rather arbitrary . 
  i trust that the physicists on this sub know a crackpot when they see one . 
  so , i think you should take the hint when you get downvoted on every post in this sub for years on end , for trying to push awt . 
  i mean light a fire and toss the fucker right in it . 
  not sure , got to ask the physicists about that one . 
  ( by the way , the people who labeled galileo as a crackpot were much less rational than these people , and they were not basing their beliefs on the scientific method . ), 
  well , i was being kinda pedantic . 
  friction is not a fundamental force . 
  you 're thinking of the electromagnetic force . 
  it 's difficult to imagine a universe with `` no friction '' because what does that mean ? 
  every surface is smooth ? 
  the em force is weaker ? 
  it 's not a well-defined criterion . 
  not exactly . 
  the tardigrade can survive between -200 c and 150c and it does need water to function ( on the inside anyway ) . 
  if you increase heat , the first thing to go is the cell membrane : the lipids get very wobbly and the membrane jiggles apart like a bike chain tearing from stress . 
  if the cell is still standing ( maybe because it has an extra membrane made of a covalently-bonded polymer instead of those stupid lipids , although this only solves 1/5 of the puzzle because the inside is full of lipid membranes too ) , then the next thing is the proteins . 
  they 're pieces of string stuck together using hydrogen bonds , disulfide bridges , and miscellaneous van der waals interactions , maybe working in concert with pieces of rna if that 's their kind of thing . 
  this is the molecular equivalent of spit , glue , and prayers . 
  heat will shake these apart really easily , leaving the proteins useless . 
  the solution ? 
  get rid of the medium . 
  drain stuff out from inside of the cell so it conducts heat less well . 
  [ cells are very crowded on the inside ] ( http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4134/4938970205_f3694086af.jpg ) so this wo n't work incredibly well , but it 'll buy you some time . 
  drain out the water . 
  unfortunately , this has consequences : proteins need water to work . 
  like you said , most organic life requires water to function . 
  this is why . 
  most proteins contain a couple water molecules here and there trapped on the inside , separate from any of the stuff on the outside , considered part of the protein themselves . 
  obviously these wo n't get drained out of the proteins you already have , but if you try and make new proteins they 're not going to get these . 
  also , every protein needs some 10 or so water molecules on the outside ( depending on size ) . 
  you need at least that amount of water to still function ; the rest is bulk that can be drained away . 
  it does n't do anything , anyway ; diffusion is n't a way things get transported in the cell ever . 
  way too slow . 
  you use motor proteins . 
  so , that 's what the tardigrade does . 
  it drains all the water away . 
  or , 99 % of it at least . 
  it keeps some . 
  but that only allows it to survive for [ a few minutes ] ( http://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-94-007-1896-8_12 ) . 
  then it dies . 
   complaints about things you do know something about, 
  this mod was n't intended to be realistic . 
  the added bodies were intended as a challenge . 
  of course a gas giant is n't going to orbit at that inclination . 
  the idea is it 's difficult to get to . 
  i do n't really like it because all that means is you need more dv and all that means is you need a bigger transfer stage and all that means is you need a bigger lifter , and i absolutely loathe developing lifters . 
  but complaining about bad physics is missing the point . 
  you do n't capture gas planets . 
  you capture tiny pieces of rock . 
  because gas giants form in relatively low orbits early on after the protoplanetary disk . 
  the star hangs on to them very tightly . 
  they might drift out later on , but never away . 
  there 's no gas giants to capture , is why you 'll never capture a gas giant . 
  ( of course , the universe is big and there 's going to be at least one exception out there . 
  but that 's ridiculously rare so as to be considered nonexistent . ), 
  purposely misunderstanding something is being an asshat . 
  wait , what do you mean exactly ? 
  huh .
