  adjacent points , then . 
  yes , but we strongly associate arabic with islam when in a religious context . 
  some of us so much that , if the pope were to speak in its native tongue , arabic , then would be aghast at christianity ( specifically catholicism ) taking on some sort of aspect of islam . 
  you ca n't send a religious message in arabic without calling to mind islam , and when people try to do so it rustles the anti-muslims . 
  but if the pope can be so bold as to do so , then that 's a sign that that 's going away . 
  of course , a weak sign : maybe the anti-muslims have stopped caring ( which is good , at any rate ) , or people have stopped associating arabic with islam ( unlikely ) , but it 's nevertheless a sign of progress . 
  ( i got that it 's finland , i mean the university . ), 
  ... i actually do n't know . 
  i am uncultured . 
  what is it ? 
  huh . 
  i 've heard of that . 
  googling now . 
  thanks !, 
  i think it 's more that i do n't watch television or visit the greater part of the internet . 
  pfft , traditional boards ? 
  booooooooriiiiiiiing . 
  we always play islands and continents at my place . 
  make sure you give extra space to the collecting chambers of your pump stacks , so that you get like [ ; o$ ( n ^ 4 ) $  less lag . 
  most pump stack lag is caused by having to recalculate the temperatures for the walls every time magma is pumped into or out of a layer in the stack . 
  i want my space hoodie ... or time hoodie ... or mind hoodie ... really any hoodie will do . 
  not every single thing . 
  i 'm fairly sure that this is the first time the spiral in the monitor has been pointed out . 
  i 'll never improve in arithmetic . 
  one thing that i do n't get , though :, 
  - therefore ( ij ) ^ 2 = -1, 
  - ( ij ) ^ 2 = -1 can be rewritten as i ^ 2 j ^ 2 = -1, 
  - therefore i ^ 2 j ^ 2 = ( -1 ) ( -1 ), 
  - which simplifies to 1 = -1, 
  huh ? 
  huh . 
  thanks !, 
  ( funny that it 's associative , but not commutative . ), 
  what 's the point of having octonions if they 're not associative ? 
  ( sorry if this sounds extremely na\u00efve ), 
  is it * good * chinese food ? 
  i mean , it 's in a foam tray , so probably not , but it 's still possible . 
  also , what branch of mathematics do quaternions belong to ? 
  like , if i took a course that taught them , what would it be called ? 
  i realized that if i ca n't get that , i would rather then get adjacent points . 
  hell , i 'm all for the theoretical aspect even . 
  though i mainly look at n-degree rotation in two dimensions , forget the three . 
  for the former you only need complex numbers , right ? 
  ( ya know where i learned quaternions ? 
  though not this post ; there was one a while back that was featured on depthhub , which is how i snagged it . ), 
  possibly my favorite part of that image . 
  but le 's session does n't prototype anything anyway . 
  their prospit and derse do n't have prototyping powers . 
  but humans ca n't use those afawk . 
  read the fucking sidebar :, 
   do not post pictures of any breakfast food in a situation where they would have a reasonable expectation of privacy . 
  this includes any place where the food ** is in an intermediate state of preparation ( frying pans , prep tables , etc. ) . 
  your 1 eb car can be compressed to a lot less than that , especially since you ca n't situate two steel atoms one planck length apart from one another . 
  ( and of course by `` steel atom '' i mean two iron atoms , two carbon atoms , or one iron atom and one carbon atom ) . 
  ( by the way , if you set up a pair of mirrors at opposite ends of the solar system and stored information with them with a belt of light pulses circling between them , you could practically store about 1 exabyte . ), 
  you make a good point . 
  why would people start deleting their comments en masse ? 
  they 'd have no motivation . 
  doxxing is rare . 
  forget op 's argument . 
  how would it benefit users aside from a cosmetic thing ? 
  mods would be able to retain modship powers . 
   the world 's most deplorable discussion forum . 
  i would n't say that . 
  sure , there 's a lot of people with pretty terrible opinions ( racism and sexism and this and so forth ) , and it is pretty stupid about voting on content , but really the place is 999,999 millionths harmless . 
  there have to be worse places . 
  or , if this is the worst that the internet can do , i 'm fine with it . 
  it could be much , much worse . 
  ( like lulzsec but with more opinions . ), 
  are we sure it 's the majority ? 
  i 'd say it 's 60-80 % teenagers/undergrads here for jokes and memes and amas and tils , 30-20 % terribly opinionated commenters , and then 5-15 % people who do n't care and mostly dwell in small subreddits . 
  srd 's attitude is always `` get the fucking popcorn , i am so amused that these people are putting on such a show for us '' . 
  i do n't like it because it 's usually tantamount to `` haha we 're so superior '' . 
  wtf is `` strong then kill '' ? 
  i 've heard it a bazillion times and i do n't understand it . 
  how was n't i aware of this, 
  it 's a pun, 
  exactly . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  most redditors are n't bad people , at least not in a way that 's apparent . 
  they 're just here to digest cheap content , not talk about their opinions . 
  i 'm on your side , but is n't that what the accuser did as well ? 
  you would n't use photoshop for this . 
  chrome allows you to directly edit text . 
  they 're genetic chimerae with insects . 
  i 'll keep saying that again and again until it becomes true . 
  how large a range would i need to describe all three angles of a triangle in a single number ? 
  ( i 'm assuming less than 8100 ... ), 
  i hang out here for discussion . 
  feeling superior takes no part in the equation ; i do n't really give a shit one way or an other . 
  it 's a website . 
  oh , duh , right . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a really good point . 
  that 's why we have that incredibly snarky comic at the bottom . 
  i do n't really think so . 
  more like ... hmmm ... `` particles '' or `` matter '' to a physicist and `` life '' to a biologist ? 
  `` chemical '' to a chemist . 
  i know * of * intraplate earthquakes , but i do n't know why they happen . 
  the wikipedia article is n't too helpful about that , either .
