  edit : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzquuokxvq0, 
  wrong name , actually . 
  revenge on hollanders for looking like hungarians . 
  but , nuclear energy * is * environmental . 
  the only downside is that the reactor might explode . 
  we call you hollandia in hungarian . 
  :\\ you look like hungarians because i ca n't tell apart blue and green very well . 
  there 's no kerbal in the cockpit !, 
  `` developing by chance as a mutation '' is how adaptation works . 
  it could also be mark twain . 
  it 's simple , all we have to do is not have any more accidents . 
  we 're coming up with safer and safer designs all the time . 
  e.g. , lftr . 
  but then you do n't generate energy . 
  we did n't get to where we are by avoiding things that * might * have consequences . 
  edit : oh my god guys , will you grow up and stop downvoting javacode ? 
  nuclear meltdown is a serious issue . 
  * radiation * is a serious issue . 
  whether nuclear energy is justified or not is not a trivial matter . 
  he 's right to be concerned . 
  we made mistakes , but the mistakes were n't deciding to use nuclear energy . 
  apollo 1 blew up , challenger blew up , colombia blew up , but space was n't a mistake , even though its benefits are dubious at the moment . 
  nuclear energy , meanwhile , could provide clean energy for the whole world , and we still have n't gotten done making it as safe as possible . 
  only when the reactor blows up , and like i said , we 're working on that . 
  eh , chaperonins are usually non-specific and/or redundant . 
  imo they 're less impressive than , say , proteasomes . 
  `` so that i may '' vs `` so that i can '' ? 
  really that 's a good point at which you might pull out descriptivism , since i 'm pretty sure more people say `` can '' anyway . 
  i do n't think it 's an excuse , i think it 's more like he 's showing us the karmadecay list , and his commentary on it is that his favorite title et cetera . 
  but , really , socks are great, 
  i 'd be up for the job if it were n't for the massive amounts of work i have to do . 
  please instead let me refer you to my favorite molecular genetics texbook of all time : https://www.dropbox.com/s/6nua3t4yo463zkq/moleculargenetics.pdf, 
  dang , i got the first two , predictably failed the third one , but i 'm sad that i could n't get the fourth one . 
  i 'd 've done much better on a sea creature or microbe !, 
   i kinda feel stupid now that i could n't remember `` chinchilla '' . 
  i stood there staring for about a minute before giving up . 
  umm , we already have software for interfacing with oligonucleotide synthesis machinery ... what 's new about this ? 
  no problem !, 
  it really is a great book . 
  - it 's only 8 mb . 
  usually electronic textbooks ' file sizes are in mb what they cost in dollars as a hardcover . 
  - it 's really comprehensive . 
  it covers everything from laboratory techniques to virology . 
  - the diagrams are really simple but still exactly as informative as they need to be . 
  seriously , check them out ; they 're monochromatic . 
  - its information density is really high , and it 's loaded to the brim with details . 
  reading just a paragraph about something you thought you already knew everything about , you 'll still learn at least six new things . 
  - its layout is really easy to read . 
  there 's no distracting bullshit in the margins , the diagrams are always either inline or have their own pages . 
  same goes for the infoboxes . 
  - it 's colorblind-friendly . 
  everything is shades of blue . 
  this might not seem like a big deal , but then my favorite protein book , * how proteins work * , labels negative areas on enzymes with bright green , and neutral areas with slightly less bright red , all the while shading everything 3d-wise . 
  really hard to tell apart . 
  whereas this , you can print out using a grayscale printer , and you wo n't lose any information . 
  - it 's pretty short . 
  * harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban * was 435 pages in the us ; this is 403 pages counting the cover . 
  despite your dubious source , you 're basically correct . 
  your heart is sensitive to small electric impulses ; it only needs a high enough voltage to destabilize the rhythm of the cardiac muscle 's signaling . 
  however , high voltage with little current , while being bad for nervous signaling , does n't really do much physically . 
  high current , though , will fry whatever it goes through , like your arteries . 
  yes . 
  ( or the basketball , which i think was the original analogy ), 
  / r/everything, 
  i usually do the opposite - i always overshoot and end up on an escaping trajectory . 
  then again , the reagents themselves are overpriced . 
  i 'm so sorry , but i thought this was / r/physics , and i typed out one and a half paragraphs explaining where the gas constant comes from ( short answer , strength of the higgs field ) before realizing that this was / r/linguistics and you were asking why r is a * consonant . 
  too late , deleted it . 
  :( essentially , what i was going to say , was that r is an inverse measure of the strength of the higgs field ; an ideal gas behaves the way it does because a flying gas molecule exerts a particular amount of force when it hits something , dependent on the kinetic energy of the particle . 
  the kinetic energy of each particle is , in fact , constant across all particles for all conditions ( ideally speaking ) , because as soon as a molecule dissociates from a liquid it ca n't pick up any more energy ( because no one can touch it ) . 
  where the higgs field comes in is , it slows particles down proportional to their mass . 
  the weaker the higgs field is , the faster the particles go and the greater the pressure is that they exert ; that is , pressure is inversely proportional to the strength of the higgs field . 
  the term r is what accounts for this , and since p is proportional to r , r must be inversely proportional to the strength of the higgs field . 
  you know , i would !, 
  no , that 's stupid . 
  anything not smart enough to account for everything will make errors . 
  a drone programmed to fly to where gps says the customer 's doorstep is , and drop off the box , will obviously make a lot of errors . 
  and you * can * pin it on humans - `` humans programmed it so of course it 'll be flawed '' . 
  but even if that robot somehow arose naturally on an alien planet and we imported it , then it would still be making errors . 
  it does n't matter who made it . 
  the term `` error '' only has meaning when humans are around , though . 
  otherwise it does n't matter one way or another what happens ; it only matters to us . 
  but that does n't mean that we * cause * the errors . 
  also , we tend to impose the concept of `` error '' only on ourselves and things we make . 
  a rock does n't make errors , because that does n't make sense to us . 
  an rna polymerase does make errors , because that 's how we think about it . 
  so i guess even with how we define `` error '' , making errors is n't limited to humans . 
  just to machines . 
  ( actually , polymerases that make errors are working exactly how they 're supposed to , according to evolution ; if you try to breed viruses with more accurate polymerases than their wild types , they 'll be outcompeted by the wild ones , because they ca n't adapt as well . ), 
  one of the more surreal episodes of blackadder . 
  that 's actually true of most euro countries !, 
  no , all he 's saying is that your handwriting is like a toddler 's , not that you faked the post . 
  as someome whose research has probably directly benefited from this , i agree !, 
  i 'm not using the data for evil , i 'm using it to find out what kinds of useful proteins there are . 
  i 'd buy two houses on every continent . 
  if i had nothing to do , i 'd just rotate between them three months at a time . 
  if i did have something to do , at lwast i 'd have a house near wherever the conferences are ( assuming my houses are strategically placed ) . 
  owning two houses in antarctica sounds kind of pointless , though . 
  large amounts of irish immigrants to ny during the potato famine , mostly, 
  personally i think the second one would look even worse sans the fibriation .
