  orbital vabs , as well as extraterrestrial vabs . 
  i 'd love to put a small factory on laythe . 
  ( relatedly , mechjeb 's landing module needs a `` land on land '' feature . ), 
  i am not vilemeister , but i share his sentiments . 
  my greatest achievment is either landing on laythe or putting a kethane ( !!! ), 
  base on duna ( pictures forthcoming ) . 
  i 've been playing for a total of roughly 24 hours . 
  what texture pack is this ? 
  for a split second , i wondered why you did n't name it `` triple-k '' . 
  first time i 've come across an errant `` fucking '' . 
  so far i 've only seen it used to emphasize words , and as a gerund . 
  oh well , good to know some people use it this way too . 
  thank you !, 
  not without help it does n't . 
  i see . 
  if i got to that sort of point , i 'd install some more mods , e.g. 
  far or ir or kas . 
  although , i do n't expect to get to that point . 
  real-world stuff is too pressing for that . 
  your post title sounds like some sort of modern art title . 
  i could see a postmodern piece going along with this . 
  if you do it too much , people will become worried for you . 
  for example , please do n't quit your degree . 
  i find that deadly reentry is a sword that cuts the wielder for realism . 
  the heat effects are indeed more realistic , and a lot of point attachments are more realistic , but then there 's the situations where i 've attached two rockomax size segments together , and they 're connected at a single point rather than how they would be connected at a surface irl . 
  it is not good to make that point more fragile than it already is . 
  i have enough problems with my rockets unrealistically belly-dancing already ; there is no need to break them too . 
  i 've seen people quit degrees over less . 
  i guess they were n't into it so much by then anyway . 
  bring back all the kerbals you landed there before you tried doing return missions !, 
  unfortunately , none of mine made it back . 
  i got a mun rover out of it , though . 
  i know . 
  :( i ca n't help but wonder if they were bored , or frustrated , or lazy , or depressed . 
  probably some linear combination of the above . 
  no way an even slightly rational person quits a degree over something as silly as ksp ( or , in my two cases , losing a math game , and ... wait for it ... running out of money at the bar ) . 
  thank you for teaching me about the heavy struts . 
  my estimate is that about 80 % of my part count is struts currently ( i do strut ribbing for parallel segments ) , which would make about 1200 struts ( which seems accurate ) . 
  my mechjeb sucks at targetet landing . 
  it expends way too much rcs fuel in trying to correct the course . 
  i just let it get within a couple hundred meters , and just use `` land somewhere '' from there on out . 
  i usually get about 1-2 km from the point , which is not bad . 
  physics major and chem major respectively . 
  do n't worry , i employ all of these techniques . 
  thank you for telling me , though . 
  you 'll get to see how my struts are in my upcoming post . 
  my biggest problem is the limited range on struts . 
  plus , cet is just gmt +1 anyway . 
  it 's not even difficult addition . 
  just a successor function . 
  holy shit , thank you, 
  species of rock probably . 
  the laws that the universe operates on can be found ( at an approximation ) in a physics textbook ; everything else is emergent . 
  physics does look a little like a justice system at a high enough level : there 's this currency called energy , which you can cash in to make things move around . 
  unfortunately , it 's easier to spread energy out than to put it into one place , which means that the amount of energy you can have one place will decrease over time . 
  this means that someday the universe 's density of energy wo n't be enough to compute your mind , and you 'll die . 
  this does not look anything like `` bending toward morality '' , though . 
  our planet specifically might do so , since it 's populated by humans , who try to make their world more moral . 
  this * is * technically a feature of the universe : the universe will bend towards morality , * because it has us in it . 
  * but only where we are . 
  it 's not actually justice that eventually everyone will die due to the increasing entropy of the universe . 
  in an actually moral universe , we 'd all get to live for an eternity doing exponentially more fun things . 
  ( the amount of fun a human can experience in total is limited , but there are workarounds . ), 
  `` eventually everyone dies '' is not the story of a moral universe . 
  dying is just something that 's going to happen , that we 'll have to deal with . 
  you may have noticed that i 've ignored the more obvious form of dying : today 's old age , disease , and injury . 
  my profession , biomedical engineering , requires me to believe that we * can * defeat that kind of death , and that we will . 
  i 'll have to personally eradicate ar least some of these kinds of forms of death , hopefully getting us onto much longer-lasting hardware than our current disorganized liquidy bodies . 
  but even if that happened , we 'd eventually die due to lack of energy . 
  and * that * is not any morality . 
  it just happens . 
  quick , add the umlaut while nobody 's noticed yet !, 
  reaching eve and returning * would * be the most impressive thing , but unfortunately it 's impossible with stock parts . 
  have you heard about the magic boulder ? 
  ( if you have n't , do n't google it ), 
  why is it good to start turning by 10km ? 
  do n't you waste fuel on drag ? 
  big crunch has mostly been disproven ; few physicists believe that it is the fate of the universe , anymore . 
  you 're right about the laws of thermodynamics , though . 
  two other terrible things : special relativity , and the tsiolkovsky rocket equation . 
  the former , of course , limits your speed to light , which is not too bad if you speed everything you care about up to your reference frame because they can enjoy the shortened time with you , but it 's still worse than if the speed of light were simply infinite . 
  the tre because needing exponentially much fuel for a linear increase in delta-v per exhaust velocity is fucking bullshit . 
  wait , so ur comes with a texture pack ? 
  cool !, 
  ( i have n't gotten to my ksp computer yet today ), 
  i feel rainmeter makes my desktop too cluttered . 
  i make a point of eliminating any desktop icons , too . 
  my system monitoring stuff goes in my taskbar . 
  former computational biologist checking in here . 
  how 's it going ? 
  it 's a threat , not a whine , i think . 
  sealand is kind of a freebie for combined population . 
  `` what 's the population of china ? '', 
  `` it 's bigger than the population of india , the east coast of the us , and sealand * combined * . '', 
  please let `` i 'm gon na fuckin kill you '' be foreshadowing !, 
  [ ] ( / johncry ), 
  what do you need bays for ? 
  we can already make them well enough with stock parts imo . 
  edit : or maybe you 're thinking of a different thing when you think `` bay '' than me . 
  i am thinking of a part of a spacecraft where a smaller spacecraft fits .
