  but i dunno . 
  it might kill you at 60 feet ( probably from involuntary gasping ) , but oxygen toxicity begins at 10 feet and shallower . 
  so , can anyone tell me whether this guy is getting hugged , mauled , or ... ? 
  at any rate , that does not look fun . 
  well , in calculus , anything outside of differential calculus is n't straightforward/mechanical , at least not at the level that most people learn it at . 
  there are algorithms for solving lots of calculus problems , and there are ways of * approximating * but not solving differential equations , but those are n't for people , and they 're usually not especially elegant ( elegance here is a property that actually means something in practice , since it 's the difference between a solution you can use to solve other stuff and a solution you ca n't ) . 
  look at the three-body problem , for example : there has n't been a practical solution for centuries . 
  ( some people did solve it , but their solution was next to useless because of the way it was structured . ), 
  there are unsolvable/difficult/non-straightforward algebra problems too . 
  ( all of these problems are solving for things in some way . 
  try : solve for y in terms of x , a , and b in y - y ln y = 1/2 x ^ 2 + ax + b. ), 
  arithmetic , though , we totally have down . 
  how dirty of you . 
  i agree with you , but i guess it applies to [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/17t7js/the_unseen_security_at_the_previous_superbowl/c88n5fp ) guy . 
  i do n't think we 'll * ever * have that many homestuck fans or / r/homestuck subscribers , because not only is homestuck transient , but also reddit ca n't last forever ( really , another five years at most ) . 
  i think it 's clever , and i like the aesthetic , but i would n't want it . 
  it 's small and difficult to see . 
  then again , who needs a hud ? 
  in between the end of homestuck and the release of the game , we 'll have blogposts . 
  they better be good ones !, 
  happened all over the east coast , too . 
  or at least , we had the same deal in nj . 
  ( i do n't think the temperatures were too far in the negatives , but there was definitely windchill going on . ), 
  they divided them up into 100 groups of 100 , blinded 99 in each group in both eyes , and blinded 1 in each group in one eye to lead the other 99 . 
  ( or it might have been 10 groups of 1000 . 
  i do n't remember . ), 
  augh , you should have said what it was , i was forced to click it out of curiosity . 
  it 's spamming some sort of celebrity gossip website, 
  i 've talked to a guy who 's spent over a literal year playing wow . 
  i 'm sure that if a guy can spend a zillion hours playing wow , a guy can spend 2000 hours playing halo . 
  i know , but now it 's distracting . 
  wait , we seriously have a henry-draper catalogue number ? 
  ( i 've heard that the moon does , but earth is new to me . ), 
  i 've played halo , and have had friends who played wow . 
  i never really understood the point of wow . 
  is n't the entire game just grinding for equipment so that you can grind more , plus social interaction ? 
  ( sorry if anyone 's offended ; please correct me . 
  i do n't really get most video games . ), 
  what makes quests fun ? 
  besides the reward ( both gearwise and happywise ) at the end ? 
  however , it 's not true that nfl = : = nazi foreskins , literally, 
  `` rate this researcher from ` world champion hot dog eater ' to ` steven hawking ' '', 
  huh . 
  that 's what i get for using wikipedia , i guess ? 
  that 's much more brilliant than my comaprison . 
  current ?? 
  it 's a catch-all for any fricative , apparently . 
  you know , they 'll think you 're serious . 
  given the existence of otherkin . 
  hmm , time to write more of that maybe ? 
  i got kind of stuck when i tried to think of some neat puzzles that involved time travel . 
  i do n't know , to me it just serves as a vehicle for ey 's narcissism . 
  it 's not incredibly well-written , and the plot is structured badly . 
  at least there 's character development of sorts . 
  but it 's primarily ey 's mouthpiece for lesswrong , and i 'm tired of that . 
  if i wanted to read lesswrong , i would . 
  a good rational!harry fanfic would look different . 
  and if i knew how it would look , i would write it . 
  the literature mentioned in it is great though . 
  it got me to read * g\u00f6del , escher , bach * , which i thought was great . 
  hmm , i 'm not sure i would term `` otherkin '' an orientation . 
  i maintain that it does n't exist , though , since there is no genetic ( and therefore physiological and therefore psychological ) basis for it . 
  okay , give me a rational , compelling argument to read lesswrong . 
  because my fundamental axioms of belief do n't compel me to read lesswrong . 
  one possible chain of reasoning i considered was `` i want to be more powerful ; rationality makes me powerful ; lesswrong teaches rationality ; therefore i should read lesswrong '' . 
  however , i have experimentally verified that reading lesswrong does not make me powerful . 
  i have yet to experience any good consequences of reading lesswrong . 
  ( i do . ), 
  this guy knows what racism is . 
  this sounds like what will happen when the doctor dies for real and the series needs to continue . 
  i know and i ca n't believe it still makes sense to me !, 
  but they have internet caps there . 
  you 're only allowed to download a set amount of data per month . 
  who would want that ? 
  that looks like a caecilian or skink . 
  probably main, 
  the problem is that that has to be defined , though . 
  and then you define it as a list of examples , and then you have to define stuff you used in the examples , and that whole approach is top-down and is usually used as a way to * help * with a bottom-up approach . 
  i want to be a decent person , but i want to be able to justify it , too . 
  `` do n't hurt people '' and `` help the oppressed '' are good moral rules , but exactly who is `` oppressed '' ? 
  not exactly `` everyone except straight cis white able-bodied christian males '' . 
  that 's overgeneralizing . 
  or if that 's true , then i 'd also say that `` sometimes it 's not the oppression that 's the biggest problem '' . 
  it may be possible for , say , i dunno this is just an example , the al-qaeda to be oppressed in terms of religion , but who 's going to go up to them and say , `` sup , you 're oppressed , let me help you out '' ? 
  exactly whose rights do we fight for , and who do we say are bad examples of oppression ? 
  a structure based on formal logic helps answer that . 
  and i will hijack your comment for upvotes . 
  feels good right ? 
  edit : fine i should probably contribute some content or something , [ here 's a generic gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dxp7kfd.jpg ), 
  so guys do n't open this link , he 's spamming some sort of celebrity gossip website . 
  boom . 
  it 's not doing that badly . 
  in the few minutes since i posted mine , you 've quadrupled your karma score !, 
  i think you 're well on your way to being second comment in thread . 
  i should 've used capslock or something . 
  was gon na say . 
  though really it 's fine as long as he does n't do it at the ama . 
  also why are n't you using the [ 4chan greentext option ? 
  well i mean the entire idea of the post was to make it not vague , but i guess if it has to be vague then so be it . 
  just then how do we justify our beliefs ?
