  fear, 
  sun, 
  sea, 
  heat, 
  pain, 
  speed, 
  gloom, 
  trust, 
  shade, 
  debt, 
  bears, 
  and , of course , by extension , dirk . 
  my theory is that he remembered it from pre-scratch , like how it happens sometimes . 
  or , my other favorite theory is that lil cal told him . 
  ( note that in the following i do not realistically expect to change such a well-ingrained feature of reddit ; this is just an idea that i 've had ), 
  which is a better metric for post quality ? 
  upvotes minus downvotes , or upvotes * over * downvotes ? 
  one grows with exposure , the other becomes more refined . 
  i think that , as an account ages , it 's better to put more and more focus on the latter , and as a subreddit gets bigger , it 's better to put more and more focus on the former . 
  maybe our formula should be something like [ this ] ( http://h.dropcanvas.com/qoyr3/karmaformula.png ) [ edit : no wait [ this ] ( http://h.dropcanvas.com/qoyr3/karmaformulafixed.png ) , i screwed up ] ( equivalent to `` net karma '' times approval percentage ) , and round down . 
  this would of course make it less simple to negate votes , but it 's a more fair system . 
  if you could somehow also factor in account age here , as well as the size of the subreddit that a given post was posted in , then maybe we could ~ ~ break reddit forever ~ ~ yield a better evaluation of a post 's quality . 
  this sounds like a lot of strain on reddit , but if you only do this for link karma , it would eliminate most of the potential processing strain , and widen the gap between link karma and comment karma , perhaps discouraging karma whores , although that 's too optimistic a thought in my opinion . 
  i do n't know that many people that read it ; i should make friends with smarter people . 
  sorry for the meta-post , but i just wanted to acknowledge that this subreddit has basically slowed right the hell back down to its original speed . 
  there is not a single problem with this ; i 'm sort of glad , actually , because it was getting a bit ridiculous to sift through all of those le/uu theory posts , no less than three of which were my fault . 
  it 's good to be back home , guys . 
  so , do you think we 'll get a 3xenter combo flash or something ? 
  or will we shortly be formally introduced to the cherubs ? 
  i 'd reserve the latter for act 7 , so that the white curtains would match the monochrome incipisphere of that session . 
  what is sburb actually trying to accomplish ? 
  we know that its purpose is the creation of universes , but in reality , it 's clearly more complicated than that . 
  is it trying to spawn * more * universes ? 
  * better * universes ? 
  it has an element that will explode at a needed moment , the tumor . 
  how was sburb serving its purposes when it created the micro-tumor that the pre-scratch trolls had ? 
  it brought back meenah and aranea to help the humans , certainly , but it also killed the rest of the pre-scratch trolls , only to let them live a happy afterlife . 
  could it be that sburb also * cares about its players * to some extent ? 
  how does this semantically unify into a single goal ? 
  sburb is , at heart , a heuristic computer program . 
  these are programs that modify themselves to create better and better versions themselves , `` better '' meaning `` better at achieving a certain goal '' . 
  most of the skill in writing these goes into defining the goal . 
  what is sburb 's ? 
  one theory that i 've come up with is that it 's to increase the total amount of happiness in paradox space . 
  what 's the fastest way to create happiness ? 
  create more people . 
  what 's the way to create the most people ? 
  create a * whole fucking universe * . 
  it is so well-optimized by now , that even the marginal case of ten trolls was taken care of . 
  one problem with this is that this is n't the direction that sburb is optimizing . 
  universes are still extremely empty things , thought-wise ( and thus happiness-wise ) , so i 'd expect that sburb would have optimized for that by now . 
  ( klemperer rosettes , anyone ? ), 
  this is why i 'm asking you . 
  what really is sburb 's goal ? 
  i got spades slick and dd confused for a while . 
  this makes much more sense , and lil cal has already indirectly led to the creation of all of the villains in homestuck ( doc scratch , lord english , the condesce , gamzee , and way down the chain , bec noir ) . 
  i saw him at animecon omgomgomg my new otp is him  % 3 me, 
  during hiatus one , i will do the same thing that hussie will do during hiatus three . 
  during hiatus two , i will have a life . 
  during hiatus three , i will study for the next year of school . 
  edit : also , my anerican ( specifically jerseyan ) friends and i are going to get together at my house in america and do something really boring and homestuck-related : watch cascade 111 times . 
  this takes 1,498 1/2 minutes , or about 25 hours . 
  we wanted to do 413 , but that would take several days . 
  it 'll be on a really good audio system and gigantic plasma screen , though . 
  which is great . 
  but we 'll still get sick of it . 
  we 'd make money by taxing our karma . 
  puncuated by flashes, 
  i mean , spaceships , airplanes , houses , and boats , i get , since it 's possible that they are permeable by fluids . 
  car tires i also understand , since if they 're indestructible then they 'd probably give a very bumpy ride on account of hardness . 
  building on permeability by fluids , a desirable trait in telescope mirror backbones , i also understand why they do n't build those out of it ; they need to be accurate to nanometers , and it 's probably pretty impossible to calculate at exactly what point shitty jpeg artifacts become tangible . 
  also it might not be chemically viable to aluminum coat them . 
  but why not bridges ? 
  why not blades ? 
  why not cell phone cases ? 
  why not screens through which air can be vacuumed , but not dust particles ? 
  why not fishing nets ? 
  why not screws ? 
  why not ball bearings ? 
  why not * sleeve * bearings ? 
  why not parts of pcb 's ? 
  why not celestial impact probes ? 
  why not coat the hulls of submarines with it ? 
  why not make * tanks * out of it ? 
  on that note , why not * bullets * ? 
  [ you see , the explanation is perfectly simple and scientific . 
  it 's shut up . 
  shut up is why . 
  man , no wonder humanity got beaten by the condesce . 
  this is just embarrassing . 
  ( also we know that it ca n't be the exact same universe as b2 , since b2 got/will have been by then destroyed by the red miles ), 
  edit : downvotes ?? 
  really ??????? 
  to me , / r/fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuu and / r/adviceanimals would still exist , but they would be hard-to-find , niche subreddits that you only found out about if you looked for them ( rename f7u12 to / r/ragecomics in the meantime ) . 
  / r/pics would still exist in a form , but it would be an aggregate of all of the ____ porn subreddits . 
  / r/funny and / r/wtf would be gone . 
  all of the other subreddits would still exist . 
  the voting system would have some sort of magic algorithm that favored links that people spent more time on than others , but still overall buried older posts with newer posts . 
  reddit 's userbase would consist of 0 % neckbeards , 0 % angry teenagers , and instead entirely of intelligent people with a diversity of opinions , who do n't succumb to groupthink , and lack any sort of bias ( gender , racial , national , etc. ) . 
  edit : i 'm being serious .
