  i know that methanol causes blindness and bloody livers , but what does ethanol do that kills you ? 
  try cupping your hand and pouring it in . 
  bet it wo n't evaporate then . 
  yes , but i mean what are symptoms of ethanol poisoning ? 
  besides scars on the liver , i think . 
  great . 
  which organs in particular ? 
  hopy shit, 
  well , i 'm not incredibly surprised , but still , wow . 
  deaths of john by :, 
  - denizen : 1, 
  - jack noir : 2 ( 3 if you count godtiering as 2 , one for your regular self and one for your dreamself ), 
  - meenah : 1 ( as much of a death as dying in a dream is ), 
  - lord english : 1 ( 2 if godtier-death john entered the afterlife ; 3 if the earlier godtiering gave john two separate ghost selves ), 
  total : 4-7, 
  but it only takes place as a publication . 
  somewhere out there in homestuck , there 's a universe where there 's actual dinosaurs running around and philosophizing . 
  what 's the point of making up extra square roots of -1 ? 
  that bothers me . 
  ( actually , i 'm fairly sure that that 's a bad philosophy . 
  there 's no reason you should n't be able to make a thing better because that 's how you made it the first time around . ), 
  ohhh, 
  but at what point would have dave had any time to go back and stop jade killing him ? 
  the theorizer is missing a key point : yes , the loops that happen are the ones that they wanted to happen , but only if they are able to happen in the first place . 
  in order for dave to have gone back in time to save himself , there would have had to have been a timeline where he both died and got the idea to go back . 
  stable time loops in homestuck work differently than other places , in that it 's not one timeline self-interacting , but one timeline interacting with another timeline in a way that makes it like itself . 
  ( the green sun is an exception because time travel was n't strictly actually involved ; the derse dreamers just happened upon that point at a time when the green sun had n't yet existed . ), 
  anyway , back to dave , there was no way he originally could have known that jade would kill him without first having been killed by jade , because self-interacting time loops do n't exist . 
  but if he had been killed by jade , he was n't able to go back and tell himself not to get killed by jade . 
  q.e.d. , he never got contacted by his future self about his death because it was impossible for that to happen in the first place . 
  impossible . 
  the first contradicts the third . 
  either you scrolled down or you did n't . 
  man , even the title made me feel a little insulted . 
  d8 john was the john killed by his denizen , remember ? 
  edit : huh , i accidentally got my graph wrong . 
  fixed , since the john visible actually was d8 john . 
  but * my * point is that he never could have gone back in time in the first place , which makes it irrelevant whether dave wanted to die or not . 
  but i just stated that self-interacting timeloops like that do n't happen in homestuck ... like , my entire paragraph was about that ... :(, 
  there is an `` updated '' version , but it 's worse ; it 's just a gif cycling through all the colors and logos . 
  i prefer a table . 
  man , what are we , eight years old ? 
  what 's with the weird shadow ? 
  and i 'm arguing that dave 's intentions are irrelevant , because he could n't 've saved himself even if he wanted to , because stable self-interacting timeloops do n't happen in homestuck . 
  i just do n't get his eyes . 
  i must have misread the article , then , or got the wrong idea from its examples . 
  or to occasionally switch it up you might want to find someone on bandcamp you like . 
  and the window is a must . 
  okay , spill : how much of this is photoshop ? 
  i want to draw a diagram so badly , but my hand is broken . 
  so i concede my argument based on physical difficulty inherent in making it . 
  the eyes . 
  i know , just last time someone did the white-eye thing it turned out to be photoshop . 
  iphone ; way too much trouble anyway . 
  i might do it tomorrow , but probably not on account of the amount of work i 'll have that day . 
  sorry , i just give up . 
  friday night might work . 
  but that 's why empirical data is so wonderful . 
  it allows us to gain insights that we would n't otherwise have if we treated it like mathematics . 
  the maths gets more complicated , but the universe stays the same . 
  when was that ? 
  the continuous day that is existence ? 
  i 'm just trying to mark a point in time . 
  we ca n't say that the internet feels humbled today , because the < 1000 people reading this submission do n't represent the internet . 
  we ca n't say it was in 1864 , because there was no internet to feel humbled . 
  same logic for the beginning of the universe . 
  so , maybe it 's best to treat it as an ongoing sort of thing . 
  hence `` continuous day '' . 
  wow , that 's surprising . 
  those horns look incredibly real . 
  they have shadows and everything , and disappear smoothly into the hair . 
  and terrorist the gym . 
  do n't forget to do that . 
  i knew those things ( guys i 'm literally rich ) , but what i meant was that the horns disappear into the hair in a manner that does n't look photoshopped . 
  as in , there 's no feather or anything . 
  it 's hard to believe that the guy could have done it so precisely . 
  but of course , i trust you . 
  no , i 'm just looking at it as one thing . 
  probably not , but if so you fucking called it . 
  though bible verses ( analogous to their quotes ) are fine . 
  what , you did n't eat them ? 
  ( to clarify , i was being sincere . ), 
  i do n't actually know . 
  just speed it up infinitely until it runs to heat death . 
  we should n't notice anything . 
  do n't absorb anything about it . 
  just trust me and try to read as much as possible . 
  ( in order , duh ; you have no idea how many people miss this key part ), 
  i do n't have much time , so i 'll just do a quick bulleted list :, 
  - well-implemented time travel mechanics ( the closest i have seen to this is braid ), 
  - fun beyond losing ( as in , you can still play the game and do interesting things after losing , maybe even more interesting than if you had won ), 
  - ability to chose between a combat-based adventure , a puzzle-based adventure , or a combination of the two, 
  - sandox story : there is n't a set storyline , or a set amount of endings based on a the decisions you make in a few key moments ; instead , the story is shaped by how you play the game , responding to effort and technique, 
  - adaptive enemies/puzzles , based on what techniques you use to beat the previous ones, 
  - a good but unobtrusive story to tie it together ; i want to know what i 'm doing and why , but i want to be able to decide the specifics and take what happens at face value, 
  that last one ca n't really stand on its own , but i wanted to include it anyway to sum up my idea of an ideal game . 
  this would probably take forever to make , though . 
  read the fucking sidebar or something, 
  i 'm disappointed that you ca n't see the running total of the paypal . 
  that 's really inconvenient .
