  literally the batterwitch . 
  applied calculus . 
  the first time i learned how to calculate the volume of a rotational solid , i felt unstoppable . 
  til physics is a branch of math . 
  what about a latex client ? 
  you should add one . 
  my preferred machine is a mac , so i ca n't say myself . 
  ( i use mactex with texshop . 
  i 've heard of texworks ... ? ), 
  texshop is a family tradition for me , but i promise to check it out !, 
  ( i 'm the third generation to use texshop . ), 
  what 's it about ? 
  huh . 
  crap . 
  i guess mine is different because it 's not directly homestuck-related . 
  wow . 
  i have to see it . 
  okay . 
  yes . 
  yup . 
  i see it as filling a different niche . 
  anyone who messes with the stylesheets will be punished . 
  unless it 's in a good way . 
  well , i once got severely downvoted for sarcastically demeaningly calling someone a gypsy , so i think there 's still hope . 
  ( i 'm assuming they did n't get my sarcasm . ), 
  i ca n't even remember doing anything that i felt guilty about during my secondary education , and it was n't even that long ago . 
  after 42 years , i think the sands of time and the perspective of personal growth erode any significant perception of our formative years . 
  ( btw i am not the person you replied to . ), 
  jesus h. , they use the word `` antimulticulturalism '' instead of the word `` racism '' . 
  i do n't normally pay attention to the submissions on circlebroke , but wow this sickens me . 
  explain ? 
  are you ... having a bad day ? 
  aw no , do n't feel that way !, 
  you can never have too much sympathy . 
  you should be proud !, 
  it 's very strong motivation for you to be good to others , and i can definitely respect someone like that . 
  ( i would n't call my lack of guilt a failure of sympathy , though ... more like a failure of memory . 
  or a failure to maintain the importance of certain events to myself ? 
  either way . ), 
  i will [ le ] terally ban you from reddit . 
    feminists seem like the worst kind of people . 
    edit : got ta love sparking a little controversy among reddit 's super sensitive types . 
  i. . . this comment does the juxtaposition for me . 
  today and yesterday were the first times i was actually genuinely bothered by anything on circlebroke . 
  but holy fuck . 
  `` super-sensitive '' , after he called them `` the worst kind of people '' . 
  i really did n't mean to be facetious with my comment . 
  it was supposed to be neutral . 
  his comment obviously meant `` math applied in physics : any of it '' , which was a completely valid answer . 
  i 'm sad that he got downvoted . 
  i am superior to you , le western europe-fundie . 
  meet the brazen formatting powers of the great hungarian empire : amerik ^ ( 3 ) a. 
  i actually do n't see anything wrong with this argument . 
  please do n't downvote me ; explain instead . 
  breath : fluid dynamics, 
  space : astrophysics ( or any other kind of physics ), 
  mind : cognitive psychology ( or maybe a subdiscipline of history , since mind has to do with timelines and important decisions 'n' shit ), 
  edit : i see `` physical science '' written on the mind notebook . 
  what does that course name even mean . 
  edit 2 : came up with courses for the rest of them :, 
  light : any sort of analytical statistics, 
  time : ochem ( it makes sense to me ), 
  doom : any political science class, 
  life : any biological course , durr, 
  void : advanced astrophysics , or maybe cryptography 101, 
  heart : no fucking clue . 
  maybe any literary ... course ? 
  ( i am a stem student and i 'm embarrassed ), 
  hope : political sociology ( it makes sense to me ), 
  blood : biophysics, 
  rage : behavioral psychology, 
  it would n't make any sense to tell them that . 
  it would be too obvious ; it 's like , `` well you know what you 're wrong '' . 
  try to construct a more persuasive argument , based on personal experience and statistics . 
  how did he not know that it was a troll from hivestumped if he had read it ? 
  hey !, 
  what about dirk/jake ? 
  still a romantic moment . 
  yeah , you know the one . 
   time could be history classes . 
  i like chemistry related classes better for this , and i put ochem because often you deal with combustion , and time is associated with fire/heat/light / temperature/radiation . 
  i like mind for history because mind really does essentially deal with history , rather than actual minds . 
  time is more tangential . 
   heart : sociology classes , especially stuff like sex and sexuality , etc. 
  my university actually offers queer 101 ( a comp lit course , i think ) . 
  okay !, 
  cool . 
   physical science is an intro class to chem , physics , etc ( i think . 
  i took classes like it in high school . 
  pretty much intro sciences ? ), 
  huh . 
  i assumed it was physics or something . 
  it 'd be cool if you could involve things that a god should reasonably be able to do , like high energy physics shit and all that . 
  why ? 
  is it because the plot elements he describes match historical analyses ( `` the shackle of european debt '' ) and allied negativity ( `` fearful citizens beg you to stop , ask you why you 're doing what you are '' ) more than ... well ... whatever the axis thought ? 
  ( i do n't know much about the axis perspective . ), 
  i dunno , i thought it was a good sales pitch . 
  i 'd buy it , and * maybe * play it . 
  ( also i suspected that it i did n't submit it , someone else would , and i thought that i might as well then . ), 
  sorry , i just went with the established style .
