  oh right , then he can shadowstep it . 
  ( unless you or your opponent is a warlock . ), 
  for sure could it . 
  although i dunno if that 's the most famous line from the solo . 
  but it 's maybe the only line that strikes the right tone for hearstone . 
  the other ones are either kinda dark or do n't make good one-off statements . 
  surprisingly that was patched out at least a year ago . 
  it 's just not the same anymore . 
  that is really cute . 
  i wonder how many people 'd get it , though . 
  hearthstone makes clowns of us all , i guess . 
  this is n't a bad argument against tracking at all , but the reality is that deathstalker rexxar is basically jades : once you have the train rolling , the game will be over in a matter of a few turns . 
  dk rexxar is more like the quest mage wincon or a number of other wincons that are all but guaranteed to end the game , in that you 're not gon na take it to fatigue . 
  that was a funny line from a contemporary opera . 
  it 's more like those youtube videos where they take a funny line from a video game or movie and turn it inte a dance remix ( e.g. 
  `` big stupid jellyfish '' ) . 
  not only those things , but it 's also relatively cheap , with only two legendaries ( but also pretty much every warrior epic ever printed ) . 
  for those wondering , it 's entry # 6 in the album . 
  like an idiot , i started all the way at the end and worked backwards to find it :\\ . 
  ironically , the only epic in the deck that i already had lying around was dirty rat , from msg-era renolock . 
  or played that much arena, 
  what about mirror matches genius , huh ? 
  yeah , but thalnos has both an animated entrance * and * deathrattle . 
  what 's he got over deathwing , dragonlord ? 
  is it any good ? 
  constructed version is good because the finisher combo is so tiny , so you can fill up the rest of your deck with control stuff . 
  the rest of your deck is ... not control stuff . 
  drawing it is terrible , though . 
  you want to bottomdeck both copies , unless there 's some cards in your hand you wan na both use and copy . 
  i 'm surprised this has n't happened to nozdormu yet . 
  every time he enables something game-breaking , it 's just patched out almost immediately , instead of him being hofed . 
  probably helps that he 's 9 mana , so it 's difficult to find reliable combos with him . 
  or snakes and ladders : the card game, 
  thank you !, 
  the only version i 've ever heard of this involves rhyming `` snake '' and `` lake '' , and morays neither live in lakes nor are snakes . 
  dammit , and it would be so much better if we did n't find out exactly what his problem was until the last panel , too . 
  video looks horizontally squashed ? 
  maybe ? 
   those windows with the wavy glass, 
  yup , that 's hungary alright . 
  they 're still some of the most boring legendaries ever to get printed . 
  especially valanar . 
  quest : play prince keleseth 5 times . 
  reward : your minions have +5 / +5 for the rest of the game . 
  lightbomb ? 
  on the other hand : lightbomb, 
  there are so many janky mill combos available to warlock now with treachery . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  how on earth did you find this sub ? 
   also , maelstrom portal killed everyone 's favorite new player budget deck , zoo lock , and it 's been dead ever since . 
  oh , and firelands portal completely destroyed arena before the offering bonus was removed . 
  but to be fair , it stayed dead because pirate warrior became a better version of it in msg , rather than because of maelstrom portal . 
  mp is a better counter to pirates than it ever was to zoo , and pirates are still played , while zoo is n't . 
  current book of choice for fatigue warrior mirrors is * infinite jest . 
  * two mirrors and i 'm about a quarter of the way through . 
  not only that , but this image is so old , it might be as old as smartphones themselves . 
  but the gangs were/are super irrelevant , so who really cares ? 
  never knew about this , thanks !, 
  fwiw this may predate the modern foley program . 
  i ca n't imagine they 've been able to pipe `` data '' through foley students for very long . 
  the point is n't that nobody woud ever do this . 
  the point is that virtually nobody does this twice , or does it once and the quits hearthstone . 
  is n't it simply to conserve energy ? 
  i 've heard it phrased as , `` given that a body always wants to minimize energy usage , the better question is , ` why do we wake up ? ' '', 
  kind of like that kid with the remote from the early 2000s, 
  the turkish soap opera [ * muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhte\u015fem_y\u00fczy\u0131l ) is okay . 
  it 's not a masterpiece or anything , but it 's widely beloved ( with something like 400 million viewers , according to reuters ) , has relatively high production value ( although they should really get a wider variety of incidental music ) , lasts for over 13000 minutes , and annoys erdo\u011fan ( which is always a plus ) . 
  its historical accuracy is far from terrible , also . 
  i know it 's not the warmest of endorsements , but it 's a historical royal drama , albeit from the early modern era rather than the medieval one , and far from the worst thing you could be watching . 
  i 'm not convinced this is n't a ken m imitator . 
  also , cooling is difficult when all you can do with heat is radiate it away . 
  `` sudoku '' is a little bit played out these days . 
  but there 's more substitutes where that came from . 
  the more good decks there are in the meta , the more likely it is that there are more good * kinds * of decks in the meta . 
  in this report , we have at tier 1 :, 
  - a control deck, 
  - a tempo deck, 
  - two very different midrange decks, 
  that 's a good meta , because there 's a lot of options to choose from as far as playstyle goes . 
  fair enough , not getting rewarded for good plays does feel bad . 
  i 'm not sure hs will ever have a very skill-intensive meta , tbh . 
  the complexity of the cards and mechanics is deliberately kept low , and your effective hand size maxes out around 12 , at least as far as reliable cards go . 
  ( i.e. 
  you never have more than 12 or so choices as far as which card to play at the moment ; tutors and draw effects increase this number , and hearthstone has few of those ), 
  `` coinfruit '' is the best idea . 
  dumplings have been useful in siberia as a freezable food for thousands of years . 
  look up a recipe for pelmeni . 
  also , pre-war axe-nerf pirate warrior . 
  it used to be a really consistent deck until they started running keleseth . 
  i still think it 's really cool that patches exists as an aggro tool . 
  it 's a cool and flavorful mechanic for what aggro decks want to do ; the only sad things about it are that it 's exclusively synergistic with pirates , and that there 's no equivalent mechanics for other kinds of decks . 
  warrior !, 
  it 's a horde airship after all . 
  thought for sure prince taldaram would enable some weird combo . 
  oh well , there 's still time . 
  gnomeferatu sees play , dummy . 
  fatigue warrior is a tier 4 gimmicky deck , yet nobody acts like dead man 's hand is an unplayable card . 
  that said , she 's run along coldlights occasionally in control warlock to tech against control , and she 's starting to see more and more play . 
  see trump 's latest trump reviews trump reviews for a good summary of her current position in the meta . 
  honestly the original was n't that great soundwise , but i think lemon demon went back and made a cover of it or something , and that was really great .
