  i do n't plan to cover methods in a lot of depth . 
  sure !, 
  after playing around with light microscopes , we discovered a fundamental problem : planck 's constant is too large to let us see proteins !, 
  once an object gets below about half of the wavelength of a light wave , the light wave will not bounce off of it at all . 
  since regular light is about 400 nm , that means we can only see down to 200 nm large . 
  the solution , of course , is to use smaller wavelengths , like in x rays . 
  however , when an x ray hits a protein , it will scatter in all directions , uselessly , not allowing us to see any of it . 
  but if you arrange those proteins in a * crystal * , then the scattering can cause constructive interference !, 
  specifically : imagine a cube , and then a bunch of parallel , equally-spaced planes going through it , in such a way that one of the planes intersects at least one of the corners of the cube . 
  each possible set of these planes is called a `` crystal lattice plane '' . 
  if the light hits something that 's on one of these planes , and the wavelength of the light is twice the spacing of the planes times the sine of the angle at which the light hit it ( so , twice the length of the line segment perpendicular to the beam that goes between two planes/slices ) , * then * you 'll get constructive interference !, 
  the result is , you can map out how much stuff there is on each of these planes . 
  what you actually get out of the machine is a 2d grid where the origin is where you fired the light originally , and the two axes represent the amount of intersections that the lattice planes have with the imaginary cube on that axis , and there are spots that mark where there was constructive interference , i.e. 
  which lattice plane has stuff on it ( and how much ) . 
  this means that the further you are from the origin , the more fine-grained your planes are that you are looking at . 
  what about the third axis ? 
  well , we do n't capture that . 
  instead we take crystallography data over and over again , rotating the protein crystal to every possible angle we can get it at ( on one plane of rotation ) . 
  the result is mounds of difficult-to-interpret data , and a really good idea of what the protein looks like . 
  honestly , x ray crystallography is probably the most difficult to understand thing in our field . 
  but what they 're talking about , chemical reactions and presumably stoichiometry , are not an application of calculus . 
  oh my god, 
  but that one actually makes sense, 
  the joke went over your head . 
  do n't forget tas speedruns , those are a type too . 
  but i think it was curses per total words . 
  i 'm a biochemist , you do n't have to explain that to me . 
  while quantum chemistry and analytical chemistry both use calculus , my point is that what cracked was talking about is nothing like calculus at all . 
  what they were probably referring to is how chemical reactions are written out , looking sort of like equations to the layman . 
  they decided `` like calculus but with letters '' is a good way to describe them , except it 's completely incorrect . 
  burn anti-radial , is my motto . 
  about to hit a planet ? 
  anti-radial . 
  your intercept does n't match quite right ? 
  anti-radial . 
  about to crash into a mountain ? 
  anti-radial . 
  wow you could probably turn that idea into modern art . 
  i 'm sorry , but it was kind of insulting . 
  i realize you did n't mean to do so , but you ca n't help being offended when someone tries to explain to you things you 've known for years !, 
  it was n't a waste of time , somebody else might still find it useful . 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to sound mean . 
  you posted a good explanation . 
  i never meant to imply that it was bad . 
  i just did n't need it , and i tried to explain as simply as possible why . 
  please do n't be hurt !, 
  yes , but the heads/flips ratio will remain the same . 
  wow that is a very sweet setup . 
  i wonder how well i could play kerbal space program on that . 
  looking at it again it seems that it 's unclear what they mean . 
  let 's hope it 's proportional and not cumulative . 
  you can break up with someone and still have your ex do terrible things . 
  i doubt breaking up with her would just make her give up and die . 
  although , honestly , if it were my ipad , i would be very mad , despite the penmanship . 
  maybe if it were talented calligraphy !, 
  and nobody is ever going to tell us ever again that we 're stupid for studying a dead language ... right ? 
  this is mostly thanks to 16th century humanists/classicists . 
  that is my favorite as well . 
  up until reading that i thought that that kind of message only became possible with the invention of email , where you could reach lots of people quickly and at the same time . 
  it 's incredible that we have exactly the same thing 2000 years before it . 
  ( although , i 'm sure at least one religious sect arose this way , so maybe it 's not too surprising ? ), 
  someone has a fetish !, 
  maybe . 
  yeah , i think these guys are excused . 
  what an editorialized headline, 
  probably because most of the rest of it is too uninteresting to publish . 
  louisiana ? 
   implying taiwan is in china, 
  ^ ^ i ` msososorry, 
  a lot of these could go under / r/idiotsfightingthings . 
  of course they 'd be reposts . 
  you think i read them because they 're funny ? 
  i read them for the * plot * , and characters . 
  there 's more to a story than just humor . 
  then evaporate the water , and launch the rest into space . 
  then space is dirty , but really , the fact that there 's planets in it already makes space dirty . 
  i use ie on my windows vm because chrome crashes instantly . 
  np , i love to help !, 
  i hope it was clear enough . 
  i feel like i did n't do it justice . 
  i 'd argue there 's also plenty of regular dirt in space , much more than just planets . 
  see : our kuiper belt and oort cloud , also nebulas , planetary rings , protoplanetary accretion disks, 
  i 'm hungarian . 
  how the fuck are you supposed to pronounce `` thirty '' in american ? 
  the `` r '' sound in the middle is in the back of the mouth , retroflex , but the `` t '' sound is at the tip of the mouth , alveolar . 
  is my tongue supposed to teleport ? 
  i usually end up pronouncing the `` t '' as retroflex , but it feels and sounds wrong . 
  better question is , who even came up with the double grave accent as a diacritic ? 
  that abomination should never have existed . 
  i do n't really understand this one . 
  why did n't america just shoot them ? 
  this is my favorite . 
  i love it when well-established characters get to talk to their past selves . 
  i 'm a total sucker for it . 
  fantastic , i love the creativity involved in coming up with this particular scenario, 
  fun fact , double acute used to be a dieresis with an acute on top . 
  you might have already known that though . 
  makes air dirty, 
  i love how medibee 's trademark latte background color shows !, 
  wow , if i ever get some more money i am totally doing this .
