  it only counts when they use it . 
  nah , you 'd have to sling an amount of material past it that cumulatively adds up to moon-sized before making a serious dent . 
  that is to say , a sizeable chunk of the earth . 
  i was talking about `` meme '' . 
  say what you will about richard dawkins but he knows how to meme a meme . 
  edit : wait , is n't that date after the first defenestration of prague ? 
  i wonder what it was called back then by english speakers ( or did they know/care about it ? ) . 
  edit 2 : oh it 's in the article you linked . 
  but where does it say that the word was coined after the second dop ? 
  it 's because y' all do n't have an outlet in / r/labrats, 
  also , i have a number i have to call in order to call hungarian numbers without significant fees . 
  i call the number and an extension , and dial the hungarian number . 
  is this two numbers or one number ? 
  the hungarian number on its own ( only one of which i have memorized ) definitely counts , because it can be used independently of the helper number , but the helper number ca n't be called without also calling an actual number , thereby functioning more like a fancy extension than a real number . 
  so is it another number ? 
  ( no suggestions , but put backslashes before carets to escape them . 
  otherwise \\ ^ _ looks like - ), 
  do n't care much about making my own stuff ; too much time investment for too little payoff . 
  on the other hand , reading new conlangs fills the void of curiosity that already being familiar with every irl regional isogloss leaves . 
  which romance languages ? 
  most got rid of the genitive form of the pronouns in favor of just using the possessive adjective . 
  it probably would n't take too much more work to write a patch script that patches each new release , so that 's covered i guess . 
  you now know anybody who associates lee with iron man . 
  hello . 
  less so now , many people choose to write guides with rich formatting instead . 
  the $ 5 ones at walmart suck . 
  i 've got a $ 20 logitech one and the keys have some friction to them if you do n't press them from the perfectly correct angle . 
  it 's backup tibet, 
  - the boomerang nebula is n't the coldest place in the universe , since we 've made colder here on earth . 
  it is always that cold , though , so that 's something . 
  - eleven significant figures on the newly formed neutron star , versus at most three significant figures on everything else ? 
  - oymyokoon 's temperature varies lower than nearly anywhere outside sakha , but on average they 're slightly warmer , than , say , mcmurdo station in antarctica , with a mean daily temperature of 17 c versus oymyokoon 's 15.5 c. note that in the summer , siberia is pretty warm ; even oymyokoon is a pleasant 23 c in july . 
  at least it is always bread that 's missing here, 
  it does n't :\\, 
  huh , maybe electing duterte was a bad idea ? 
  i dunno , maybe we should have seen this coming with the news of his death squads and stuff , but , well , hindsight is 20/20 . 
  now that i think about it , that look exactly like what he wore . 
  it 's called `` arena '', 
  did that yesterday . 
  i was three off lethal , but they conceded before i could finish that turn 's combo . 
  ( they were a priest , though , so they may as well have just conceded turn 1 . ), 
  sure thing zoran . 
  hi , do you mind if i proofread and repost this ? 
  it is extremely informative , but it feels like trying to read another language . 
  we yogg 'n' load players appreciate what you 're doing . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  \\ ^ h in 2004 ? 
  interesting , i thought it died out in the 90s in favor of rich text formatting options . 
  2004 really was long ago ... 
  hey , there was a guy on here who got to rank 8 legend with it , do n't knock !, 
  say `` c '' is a consonant , `` v '' is a voiced vowel , and `` u '' is an unvoiced vowel . 
  then consider the sequence cvc . 
  the first c is voiced , because of the succeeding vowel . 
  now consider the sequence cvuc . 
  the v becomes unvoiced due to assimilation . 
  however , the first c retains the voicedness . 
  so it is now that c that carries the voicing distinction of the first vowel in the diphthong , not the vowel itself . 
  in this manner it 's possible to create entire words where the only voiced phoneme is a consonant , e.g. 
  the pattern ucvucu . 
  that 's ingenious and terrifying , but i wanted the five consonants to reflect the five traditional vowels ( aeiou ) . 
  in fact , i largely patterned the system after spanish 's distribution of vowels and consonants ( but reversed ) . 
  vim user ? 
  they 're really annoying for control , as 3 health minions are hard to remove on turn 1/2 anyway , and the removal would probably have been better spent on something else ( like the 6/3 that gives mages spells ) . 
  zoo or aggro . 
  you can make a great aggro deck out of basics ( especially chargers ) and a few class commons . 
  zoo , especially the famed zoolock , needs more specific cards , but they 're all low dust cost . 
  aggro is extremely good up until the highest ranks . 
  it completely destroys uncompetitive decks , and the games are short . 
  play aggro . 
  do n't regret it . 
  i mean literally . 
  yogg 'n' load runs 3 minions . 
  2 if you 're brave . 
  i wanted to also make a tone terracing system for this that was equivalent to the [ subset sum problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subset_sum_problem ) , but i figured that embedding * two * np-complete problems into a phonology is a little excessive . 
  someone else please do that for their tone system because it 's hilarious . 
  oh yeah , like you could find that out * that * easily ... 
  i know little about html5 and have relatively little free time . 
  i unfortunately ca n't volunteer . 
  bit fuzzy on the chronology of the various changes but this should do . 
  ah , i misunderstood [ the article . 
  ] ( http://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2016/07/firefox-will-start-blocking-flash-content-in-august-fully-click-to-play-in-2017/ ) you 're right , it 's not * that * imminent a problem . 
  but the digital world is quickly moving away from flash and i 'm surprised we have n't reacted to it yet . 
  or rather , they ca n't perceive the difference . 
  mayan , it 's yucatecan . 
  i enjoyed it a lot , but it lasted all of 10 minutes ( or however long the climax lasts ) . 
  and the impact of going to war with germany is diminished a little considering that ww2 is now over 70 years old . 
  * koyaanisqatsi * deserves a mention . 
  same thing in siberia . 
  although , i do n't think it gets above 100 f. i wonder if tierra del fuego , south africa , and lower new zealand have the same problem . 
  it could also be the same length , which is sorta the base assumption, 
  nah , many-spell yogg is for the most part predictable . 
  it 's like casting [ [ doom ! ] ], 
  with a couple random secondary effects , such as getting you board , doing some face damage , giving your hero some attack power , discarding your hand , etc. 
  that 's the english bastardization of it , though, 
  the true advantage of asteroid mining is that we will be able to move * gigantic , apocalyptic space rocks * around . 
  that was n't practical , due to the limited size of custom nations . 
  if we 're talking about the same glitch , then you would n't have cores on that stuff . 
  so the chinese minors would explode out , which is helpful but does n't give you a massive advantage . 
  the achievement does n't check for cores ? 
   99.9 % gibberish,
