  what are you doing ? 
  you already had h and t in `` the '' . 
  wait , everybody 's talking like they 've seen the whole thing . 
  was n't it partially lost ? 
  but this is old news . 
  why is bbc presenting it as new news ? 
  that paper from late 2016 , is it a review paper ? 
  very weird . 
  face decks could start teching owl again, 
   with 3 negative traits, 
  i think it 's reasonable in that case, 
  he sounds like a minecraft mob, 
   howver 4 hp on a 4 drop feels ... awful, 
  remember what has 4 hp and is a 4 drop ? 
  `` thank yooouuu ... '', 
  he probably had shadow bolt up . 
  that kills a lot of hunter cards . 
  closer to 3 , probably, 
   they passed laws restricting the number of unrelated people living together, 
  what the hell is the rationale for this ? 
  and if you have one minion and they have two , it kills both . 
  that 's a better dark bargain . 
  way more awkward ? 
  this is godly in control shaman versus slower matchups . 
  just play a totem , target the totem with this spell , and it murders the opponent 's board . 
  i think we 're just conditioned to hate 1/4s, 
  one card which kills a board of 1-2 minions . 
  in slower matchups , these are value minions , like 8/8s , sylvanases , and big dragons . 
  if they have two minions on the board , then they 're both opposite your totem . 
  well , yeah , but you ca n't go advertise that like it 's a good thing . 
  they 've got ta explain the law somehow that makes them not sound like assholes . 
  it works that way in hs chess , which is the only time we 've seen the mechanic in action so far . 
  hell yeah elliot , that 's the spirit !, 
  who does this `` magic '' character think it is , anyway , trying to remain a secret in the 21st century ? 
  this is the information age . 
  not even the world 's most powerful governments are safe from leaks . 
  there 's a * name * for it ... 
  ah , text that is n't in a straight line , / r/crappydesign 's mortal enemy, 
  dunno , the door getting blocked by debris seems more likely, 
  * or * the whole thing is blocked by debris , and someone gets rid of half of the debris to be able to open half the door . 
  also , debris with grains that are large compared to the height of the pile wo n't form a conical pile , and especially not grains that are n't round at all ( e.g. 
  large bits of twisted metal ) , which interlock and stick to each other . 
  no msog cards lul, 
  who calls it check , exactly ? 
  i 've only heard `` check '' in hollywood movies , i think . 
  actually , more important question , who calls a receipt a `` sales slip '' ? 
  in * the sisterhood of the traveling pants , * there 's a scene where a character complains about the manager at walmart telling her `` no receipt '' , and she goes on to explain that , `` in english , this means that you did n't hand the customer a sales slip , '' making it sound like her dialect 's word for receipt is `` sales slip '' . 
  i got to wondering which dialect this is , and did a search on the entire http://twittermap.gogeo.io/ database , and you know what i found ? 
  there 's only been six or so tweets in the past several months that have used the word `` sales slip '' , and they 're scattered across the english-speaking world ( one in midwestern us , two in southeastern us , one in england near london , one in southern scotland , and one in mumbai , india , iirc ) . 
  so who the hell actually uses this word ? 
  then why is that pointless line in the script of * the sisterhood of the traveling pants ? 
  edit : on the bright side , it would be cool if there were a movie or tv show set in present-day united states where the characters spoke a made-up dialect of american english , with one or two idiosyncratic , dialectal-sounding words like this one alongside some nonstandard pronunciations of certain phonemes and extant words . 
  it 'd add a sense of surrealism , and it would also make its location difficult to place ( assuming it were set in a no-name , springfield-like town ) . 
  did op successfully make shitty art , or fail at making shitty art but accidentally succeed at making good art ? 
  it 's very decent imo, 
  if you heap up enough of something round-ish , it 'll form a cone , regardless of what you 're heaping up . 
  but a 2 m tall heap of 1 m objects is n't `` enough '' ; that heap can take a variety of shapes . 
  ( and if you have a truly massive amount of something , you can heap it up so high that your heap gets blown over by the wind and your stuff gets everywhere . 
  now you have dunes . ), 
  ah , yes , the traditional tjp boardlock . 
  bonus points if someone draws harsh rule , but is afraid to play it for fear of stand together ( although that 's not the case here , since neither player is combrei ) . 
  huh , i always thought i just misheard it and it was actually `` ripple shuffle '', 
  `` an interesting strategy . '', 
  meanwhile , did n't draw double permafrost or wasp on three . 
  tragedy . 
  depends on how high the drop is . 
  would n't want to hurt the poor thing, 
  that 's , like , every other game of feln control for me ( less so esper control , on account of lumen defender ) . 
  congratulations now i 'm nauseous for some reason, 
  but the +2 health does n't even persist ( but it does heal for 2 ) . 
  this could be made a persistent buff and then would only see play in zoo ( which does n't exist at the moment ) . 
  this is a bad card . 
  giving your opponent options like this is usually already a bad thing to do . 
  when one of these options is to potentially mill you for a lot , then it veers straight into the territory of terrible . 
  the fact that you 'll usually draw at least one off of it is irrelevant ; that just makes it a worse azure drake . 
  i really like this as a loatheb replacement . 
  cool card . 
  the dream : double elemental destruction, 
  it does make a difference , because then it ca n't be played turn 2 to buff your tunnel troggs to a combined 22 attack . 
  ( sorry to be cheeky , your card is fine ), 
  dragon trainer , 5 mana 0/1 : battlecry : summon a 4/4 azure drake with spellpower +1 . 
  draw a card . 
  the first two are better un-inspired rather than inspired , because of combo shenanigans . 
  ( imagine the priest one in reno priest . 
  what if you only play kazakus before playing this card ? 
  people will have to start transforming the guy . ), 
  edit : sorry , i misread the priest one , that one 's just really really strong either un-inspired or inspired . 
  the mage one , though , could be used to fetch freeze mage combo pieces , for example . 
  discovering a random mage spell is much worse . 
  ( unless it discovers it from your deck , then it 's op again . 
  but you 'd have to specify that , then . ), 
  the card draw is part of the battlecry of the guy who summons the azure drake . 
   why would the fact that you get at least one draw be irrelevant ? 
  because the kind of decks that are so badly in need of draw that they ca n't be milled if they play this card are also the decks that do n't run azure drake , which is a better version of this card in nearly every case . 
  azure drake is run in midrangey decks , which are relatively easy to mill with this card . 
  aggro and zoo decks , which do run out of cards fast , would n't play this for the same reason they would n't play azure drake , because adding a couple cycle cards would dilute their early game and would n't be enough to salvage the late-game . 
  the real question is , does anyone want to run three azure drakes ? 
  or does anyone want to run one copy of a worse azure drake once it rotates out ? 
  azure drake is a great card . 
  this is n't as good , but maybe it 's still good enough to get run ?
