  zeus : heir of breath ; land of static and discord ; prospit dreamer, 
  is extremely normal , with his own house and stuff . 
  likes philosophy and exercise . 
  often takes walks on the fresh air . 
  his computing solution is mobile to reflect this , an earbud crystal . 
  kind of a dick ; turns into a good guy . 
  hera : seer of hope ; land of pipes and cathedrals ; derse dreamer, 
  is a princess ( that is , daughter of the president ) kept in her palace , very loyal to zeus . 
  her father 's term was over long ago , but no one ever arrived to kick her out of the palace . 
  so she just sits around hosting various websites in her server rooms . 
  poseidon : mage of sea ; land of truth and lilies ; prospit dreamer, 
  lives at the coast , in the basement of a restaurant owned by his father . 
  has an interest in romantic literature . 
  very meek and awkward ; turns into a dick . 
  dionysius : rogue of time ; land of grapes and sand ; prospit dreamer, 
  lives in a cave in the himalayas . 
  survives on mushrooms . 
  is a very good electrician . 
  passes time with embroidery and chemistry . 
  is a bit of a failed cassanova . 
  apollo : bard of light ; land of ink and snow ; prospit dreamer, 
  lives in an apartment . 
  is a fan of scripture , and likes writing himself . 
  his apartment is littered with shards of data crystals that he had broken in frustration at his terrible writing . 
  artemis : maid of void ; land of ash and chimes ; derse dreamer, 
  lives in a long-abandoned arcology , overgrown with vegetation . 
  her primary form of recreation is hunting , among the crystalline railings and elevators . 
  is very sociable , keeping up relations with all of the female characters . 
  attempts to put up `` strong '' appearance like zeus , but really has self esteem issues and is slowly going insane from lack of human contact . 
  hermes : thief of space ; land of streets and frogs ; derse dreamer, 
  lives inside a crystal spire in the ocean . 
  he makes money with a ton of scams on various social networking sites . 
  he is a great political leader as well , orchestrating various movements throughout the blogosphere and rigging millions of votes each voting day . 
  he has the attitude of a mob boss , like vito corl\u00e8one or someone like that . 
  athena : page of mind ; land of crystal and circuitry ; prospit dreamer, 
  lives on an island in the middle of nowhere , like jade . 
  experiments with crystalline architecture grown with the direction of data ( bluh , i mean that by then a major facet of their technology is these crystals that you can electronically direct to grow into certain shapes , which is how they make buildings , and that 's what she has ) . 
  father is owner of a giant constrction company . 
  is kind of snooty , but receptive to new ideas . 
  ares : knight of rage ; land of clouds and bridges ; derse dreamer, 
  a rebel , and the former member of one of the biggest gangs in athens . 
  lives in the computer terminal room of the city 's sewers . 
  a rough guy instilled with a sense of self-righteousness , who is actually pretty caring . 
  aphrodite : witch of heart ; land of music and darkness ; derse dreamer, 
  lives in a high-rise apartment overlooking carthage . 
  has nothing to do but lounge around and smoke , as well as chatter with the other players . 
  she has the attitude of a stereotypical sixties woman , the kind with the low , scratchy voice and compulsively endearing speech patterns like `` darling '' , bedecked in fur and such . 
  hephaestus : smith of blood ; land of slag and nausea ; derse dreamer, 
  lives deep in an underground compound . 
  has a cybernetic arm from crystal . 
  is very rich , but just kinda sits on the money . 
  does robotics . 
  demeter : sylph of life ; land of vines and craters ; prospit dreamer, 
  is a farmer , similar to hades . 
  lives in a giant greenhouse complex to herself , gardening stuff . 
  likes cooking , and takes herself very seriously . 
  is fond of gossip . 
  hades : prince of doom ; land of glare and canyons ; derse dreamer, 
  lives in a shack on a pasture in the middle of pretty much nowhere . 
  vegetarian , introvert . 
  keeps sheep . 
  is good at coding . 
  initially has no intention of joining the session . 
  remember the update right before act 6 act 3 ? 
  yeah . 
  * nothing happened . 
  * at all . 
  no , i mean the single update right after the second intermission ended . 
  with the curtains closing ane the three years milestone being shown and switching to a new set of curtains . 
  terezi can interpret . 
  dude , could you torrent me that ? 
  i 've been looking for a better wallpaper forever now . 
  how do you unlink it ? 
  eh , i hate translating . 
  better to write it natively in one or the other . 
  jesus , wow . 
  i did n't even know that that sort of person existed on reddit ... 
  i felt this way as well . 
  i thought that all of the questions about violence were because that was the prevailing paradigm in america , and they were trying to find deviations . 
  is this wrong or clueless ? 
  ... why would you ? 
  i 'm a bit jealous of his success , but i never expected to make money in the video game industry anyway . 
  or you could say gamzee caused it , because he materialized the doll that led to john scribbling on his walls which made his father give him that harlequin for his birthday which john prototyped and which led to jack getting a little too angry and ruining the session and killing everybody else . 
  but gamzee was only enraged because of the video that dave showed him , which was brought to his attention by the condesce , who was only so malevolent because doc scratch trained her to be so . 
  so , doc scratch caused this . 
  so the best thing would have been not causing doc scratch to come into existence , which could n't have happened without the existence of both lil cal and the cue ball , which is where the trail ends . 
  so , the cancer is n't really jack noir ... but it 's lil cal . 
  at the fact that there 's a sort of user that is only interested in submitting links ? 
  not really . 
  it 's kind of the purpose of reddit . 
  it 's a good example to follow . 
  i do n't think he 's motivated by karma . 
  no , it has n't . 
  '' [ s ] rose : fast forward to now . '', 
  are you also hungarian ? 
  ( i have never heard of this movie , but i 'm not that into movies in general , so i 'm assuming it 's not that popular outside of hungary . ), 
  danger rooms , danger rooms !, 
  nothing better than a danger room !, 
  make sure to properly pipe the dwarves through it ; otherwise they wo n't be very well trained at all . 
  now read it over again .
