can i ask : if you 're in poland ( a country that earned it 's right as a country several times throughout history ) , why do n't you want my country to be recognised as a country ? 
  one benefit europe does have is better labelling standards for things such as gm foods . 
  so at least you 'll know when canada is sending you frankenfoods . 
  there are probably more `` big businesses '' in europe than their are based in canada , looking to import west to canada . 
  europe is a mature country with long standing companies . 
  canada is a sparsely populater , massive country that quite often relies on us companies for a lot of the retail `` big companies '' . 
  there will be opportunities for the businesses in canada that dare go to europe , but i think the influx of product could be into canada . 
  it 's a vastly underserved market here . 
  a lot of times , we just get the afterthoughts of the us , and in general poor selection . 
  yup . 
  eu citizen living in canada here . 
  canada is very similar to europe . 
  there are obviously some similarities to the us ( some good , some bad ) , but philosophically , politically , etc , canada and the eu are kinda similar . 
  for the most part , i 'm chuffed with ceta . 
  canada and the eu should be firmer friends , so we can all work a bit harder at shunning the us in it 's creepy current state . 
  i 'd be happy enough to adopt the euro if that was really the biggest issue in joining the eu , which it wo n't be . 
  exactly . 
  taking the history out of it , it boils down to : access to many countries or stick with 3 that are leaving that big group of countries and could face financial hardship for doing so . 
  yea , our biggest trading partner is the rest of britain for now , but if britain 's financial situation gets worse , do we want to be tethered to that , or independent and a member of the eu market ... 
  sure !, 
  i 'm about to ignore this . 
  what 's discord , should i blindly sign up for this and give someone my banking details on it ? 
  shite like this does n't help me feel warm and fuzzy about having no say in the matter either : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5tzvjm/after_passing_worst_surveillance_law_in_a/, 
  sure . 
  i live between western canada and scotland . 
  the reason i want to to be part of the the eu is that i believe it is ultimately a more important partnership ( many countries ) than britain ( 3 countries ) , which i know is handy from a stuck on an island perspective , and yea , i understand we trade the most to england as a country . 
  but for my line of work , access to all europe trumps the 3 other countries in britain . 
  i believe the brexit vote showed a majority of scottish wanted to remain in eu . 
  given the option of alone for eternity or stick with britain , i guess polls show scotland would stick with britain ( i 'm not sure though . 
  have n't see the figures ) . 
  given the choice between the uk parliament 's silly choices and them governing over scotland , versus scotland becoming independent and joining the common market , i 'll take the second one . 
  each to their own of the course . 
  my better half is polish and we at least have the option of moving our business and affairs to europe if we do n't like the results of brexit and no independent scotland . 
  and i doubt i 'm the only person looking to jump ship to europe to maintain links to the eu . 
  lots of stories of financial companies and tech folks looking into the same thing . 
  again , each to their own , but in summary , i believe in scottish independence to begin with , and am pro eu personally and professionally . 
  and living in canada part of the year does n't really change this prerogative for me . 
  cheers !, 
  am scottish . 
  will eu . 
  just ask us !, 
  last i heard , paris frankfurt and dublin were all being kicked about as ideas even the netherlands ( bonus cap aside ) . 
  speaking as someone from the british isles , frankfurt seems like the choice i 'd bet on . 
  unless the city of london cuts a deal for favourable rules for finance with europe . 
  yay !, 
  protonmail is great . 
  not just for privacy , but great features and layout . 
  free bus pass for oldies in scotland . 
  that 's a smoking deal !, 
  dubstep background music = legit news report . 
  having lived in both britain and canada for years , i can say that canada is far far less racist than britain plus a bunch of other countries i 've worked in . 
  claiming it 's a cover-up of an undercurrent of racism in canada ( or however he put it ) is dogshite . 
  sure there are probably exceptions out there , but for the most part canadians do n't really care where anyone 's from and constantly refer to themselves as a `` nation of immigrants '' . 
  i welcome the support . 
  scottish pro-eu person . 
  no live streaming to canada ... bugger !, 
  probably not the best use of the office vpn !, 
  as a counter-thought : if i read a source and know that it leans left/right , and that for every story i read i have to mentally say `` the moral of the story here is a little further right/left than this '' . 
  i still have to examine and adjust what they 're saying if it has a lean to it , no ? 
  how is that different than finding a completely unbiased source of reporting and putting my own impression on it ? 
  i get your point , but left and right are a scale . 
  i do n't want to perpetually evaluate how far along that scale my news source has placed it 's piece on an event . 
  cheers !, 
  * edit - spelling *, 
  great !, 
  broadcasts in multiple languages is interesting too . 
  i 'm pondering a return to europe ( from canada ) and growing up anglophone , i 'm unfortunately poor with my languages . 
  if you 're asking me as the op : potentially nothing !, 
  they are the three i came across and i was saying that because i had n't come across them before - they could be great or terrible . 
  if you 're a fan of euronews , great . 
  i 'll take that as a vote for euronews being decent . 
  cheers !, 
  interesting !, 
  for some reason american english boils my piss a bit . 
  not into the `` z '' everywhere and `` er ', 
  as an aside as the word pops up a lot in this post : loads of europeans use american english `` center '' for `` centre '', 
  poor bastards . 
  probably old enough to join the military and shoot shit , but not to sip a pint . 
  i 'm sure no one under 20 will touch a drop now . 
  northern ireland 's bigoted , racist , homphobic kingmakers . 
  brutalist architecture is the scurge of the earth, 
  bbc was a fuckin shambles during indi . 
  i 'll never forget how they painted yes . 
  thanks !, 
  til, 
  here here . 
  or hear hear ... ? 
  that thing parliament says anyway . 
  does either country have a favourable / easy corporate tax system ? 
  you have or i have ? 
  i worked with a bunch in calgary if you were asking . 
  true . 
  and they were very critical of their country 's regime . 
  i guess my point is that the people there are not all the goblins were n't told they are . 
  iranians are some of the nicest people i ever met working in canada . 
  highly intelligent , kind and aways up for a beer run . 
  it 's daft the west portrays iran as the bogey monster while gobbling terrorist saudis . 
  and for being a drunk and a laughing stock because of it . 
  good job scotland !, 
  perfect thanks !,
