  but a more rational option would be using the waste to supplement electricity generation for the heat pumps which provide greater utility value to the passive house beyond simple heating . 
  yes , but it was not suggested above , not will it make any sense in european houses of the future ( not enough heat required for a workable stove ) . 
   i was n't talking about land use . 
  the problem was cost . 
  you mean the thing that 's falling for solar ( unit-cost-wise ) by 20 % for each doubling of installed capacity ? 
  i would n't worry about that . 
   you sure ? 
  because by whatever metric they used the demand nowadays is 2.400 tw 2.4 tw is more than what * the world * currently uses on average ( i think it 's 2 tw now for the world ) . 
  the us consumes ~ 4100 twh per year , i.e. 
  about 470 gw on average . 
  they have at least 1100 gw of capacity to generate those average 470 gw , i.e. 
  they 're overprovisioned by a factor of something like 2.3-2 .4 already . 
   it would double your electricity costs . 
  not really . 
  my calculations ended up basically with the same average cost as i enjoy today , only with the high and low points switched between the day and night ( if charged from a solar array ) . 
   50 years is a very long time . 
  but not for fusion , apparently . 
   that one at least is most likely off the table for longer than that . 
  is n't estonia a member of the eu ? 
  if so , the passive house directive of 2020 will take care of at least the heating problem eventually . 
  who said anything about coal ? 
  ( before * you * mentioned it , that is . ), 
  the article actually states 2.5 , not 5 . 
  and , for example , my sun-deficient country has an urbanized area that already receives enough sunlight to generate almost four times the electricity we actually need . 
  that urbanized area is 1.7 percent of the country . 
  so you 'd only need about 1.1 percent of the country 's area to achieve overgeneration by a factor of 2.5 purely using solar ( an unlikely case !, 
  ) , a substantial portion of which would coincide with rooftops in urbanized areas , and thus would n't need any extra land . 
  ( edit : interestingly , the article states total current power generation capacity for the us as 1.2 tw , which is * also * about 2.5 greater than the actual average generation * already * ( about 470 gw on average ) ... so it 's not like something would change in this area , at least for the us - this level of overcapacity is already business as usual . ), 
  * what * space would you run out of ? 
  also , as i noted above , overshooting the capacity by a factor or 2.5 is something that , for example , the united states * already do , * apparently . 
  crazily impractical indeed ... 
  from what i know , there 's at least the need to validate new durable materials that are supposed to be used for the actual production reactor structure , and to solve the decommissioning process since the mrse has shown some issues with the spent fuel load . 
  fuel scarcity does n't indeed seem to be the issue , but the highest known reserves are in india , the us , and australia anyway , not in china . 
  is it really the same design ? 
  i 'm aware of the msre experiment but that was an incomplete , `` component '' test for a thorium -  u233 breeder . 
  this does n't seem to be a breeder of this kind . 
  you 'd still have to validate this new design . 
  of course you can , if you build enough of it . 
  at that point , you saturate every base demand you have by simple brute force and can get away even with relatively inefficient but long-term-cheap storage methods like nife ( plus all the more compact storage in mobile machinery which will inevitably soak up tremendous amounts of anything you can generate , whenever you need it , plus also hydrogen generation for the chemical industry ) . 
  if the module pricing continues to follow the long-term 20 % learning rate for at least a few more doublings , this will be a complete no-brainer . 
  i 'd think the main reason for that is the infrastructure changes . 
  you 're not only paying for the generation costs now in germany ( plus the usual amortization ) but also for the costs of replacing the old facilities with new ones , sometimes even before the old facilities have eol 'd . 
  of course that incurs substantial extra costs before the situation stabilizes . 
  well , i hope it succeeds , but you never know the obstacles you have n't hit yet with these new designs . 
  is this a pu breeder ? 
  they claim high fuel utilization efficiency and at the same time discount proliferation as a non-issue for their design . 
  in the future , a much better option would be flexible charging of electric cars . 
  regulate the demand whenever you can , not the supply . 
  right now , the low prices of oil kind of keep delaying the transition ( in conjunction with the obvious problem of the proper manufacturing facilities not having been built yet ) but gasoline price is sufficiently high in europe that the eventual advent of electric cars seems inevitable anyway . 
  actually , sweden , germany and denmark probably benefit greatly from the norwegian interconnects . 
  they have * a concept * . 
  just like nasa has * a concept * of of mars mission , or like reaction engines have * a concept * of a mach 5 passenger jet . 
  does n't mean you can actually buy either of those two , without having to spend at least ten billion dollars on further r&d before the concept becomes working hardware . 
  there 's nothing `` inherently unreliable '' about them . 
  they 're just fluctuating . 
  they do n't * break * . 
  if sunlight became unreliable , you would n't care anymore because you would freeze to death . 
  [ not much . 
  ] ( http://www.tvexplorer.ca/uploads/3/2/3/1/32319605/4791197.jpg ), 
   [ progressivism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/progressivism ) is a broad philosophy based on the idea of progress , which asserts that advancement in science , technology , economic development , and social organization are vital to improve the human condition . 
  still not a progressive ? 
  obviously , progressivism of the 20th century is going to be the conservatism of the 21st century , but still ... 
   because if you disagree with their ridiculous ideas you 're `` against progress '' well , there is such a thing [ as a decent working definition of what progress means in this case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/idea_of_progress ) , and some people are for it , and others ( often religious conservatives ) are against it . 
  so why do you phrase it as if it were some kind of accusation to inhumanity ? 
  a lot of people are against progress , that 's a simple fact of the modern world and should n't come as a surprise to anyone . 
   ariane 5 solid boosters , ariane 6 solid boosters , and the vega 1st solid stage is based on the french slbm and built by the same company . 
  yeah , except that 1 ) these boosters are just one part of the lv and 2 ) they would have manufactured the military hardware anyway , just like in the ariane 4 times . 
  you 're not really * preventing * anything here . 
   the ariane 5-6 were originally totally outclassed by spacex . 
  the falcon 9 can execute a launch from 60-70 mm and deliver about half the payload the ariane 5-6 can which is approximaly 10 ' 000 kg . 
  the current uprate of f9 actually matches a5 's leo capability at measurably over 20000 kg . 
  that is , if you 're willing to ditch the first stage in the ocean . 
  that 's what happens when you 1 ) first blow up a few times and then 2 ) you fix it and milk the launch system as long as it still pays . 
  ukraine could into space . 
  ariane 6 is basically an ariane 5 me with some spit and polish . 
  the concept evolution was very much a farce to an outsider , with a more or less constant development budget pinned over time to a series of launch vehicles originally very different from the a5 me but over time removing the differences until something almost , but not quite , entirely like the a5 me remained . 
  sure , if you live in the present , you do n't have to worry . 
  but once these things happen , it will be too late to start working on a competing solution . 
  by that time , arianespace will be ten years behind . 
  better hurry up the work on the prometheus engines , snecma !, 
   il start being worried when space x actually carry a single payload safely , so far it has n't worked all that great have you even bothered to compare the record so far to other historical launchers ? 
  it 's actually neither perfect nor awful , but given the fact that they managed to score approximately industry-average success rate with a launch vehicle in a state of flux , the success rate appears worse than it actually is . 
  actually , no , falcon 9 had one partial failure and one failure in its 28 launches so far . 
  ariane 5 had two failures and two partial failures in its first 28 launches . 
  in fact , it had all those in its first 14 launches . 
  * afterwards * , ariane 5 had that long string of successes , but that 's not surprising since you have to work out the kinks first . 
  the same thing will happen to falcon , but it is a fifteen years younger system so it 's fifteen years less mature at this point ( and also it 's still being significantly upgraded , unlike ariane 5 , which may introduce new problems to be addressed ) . 
  you 're * not * going to `` lob those rockets on each other '' . 
  they 're utterly unsuitable for that . 
  however , in the current manufacturing scheme , they 're also utterly uncompetitive from the future 's perspective . 
  i 'm now wondering whether by this criterion ( `` does not feel affiliation to any religion '' ) , the czech figure should be 86 % ( including believers who did n't file affiliation to a religion ) or just 79 % ( excluding all believers ) . 
  both are small blips on the radar so it 's easy to confuse the two . 
  third major mistake : * ran for office in norway while being a black metal singer . 
  survival of the finnest . 
   unless they have ginger beards why the hell did i read it as `` not real isis unless they have gingerbreads '' ? 
  live action [ ruhollah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruhollah_khomeini ) - playing, 
  very small populations with one medal are kind of hit-and-miss . 
  one medal less and they 'd be in the back . 
  jamaica is probably the first interesting place to look at , although the sport diversity there probably is n't great - i assume it 's mostly sprinters who got their medals ? 
  if new zealand , croatia or denmark have medals from significantly different disciplines , i 'd label those as winners .
