do n't worry , large companies will buy it for you . 
  i hope it 's gold-plated at least . 
  well , i did n't say that there were n't weird places in the us . 
  but the spatial distribution of bevs in the us is uneven anyway . 
  some places may be facing the chicken and the egg problem . 
  55 km * one way * on average ? 
  wow . 
  that sounds ... quite wasteful , does n't it ? 
  not to mention the health risks . 
  do you any link to german statistics on this ? 
  the vast majority of people only does much shorter trips than that on a regular basis . 
  even in the us , where things are spaced out a little bit more , a study has shown that us-wide , 90 % of car driving days , people drive less than 140 km . 
  in some places , like hawaii , * 99 % * of the time , a driver drives less than 160 km . 
  so you would recharge away from home twice-thrice per year . 
  so do we all , i guess . 
  that 's because the car industry suppliers have been manufacturing mostly the same things for decades , so there 's a lot of continuity . 
  what if half a million people come to dealerships the next year ( or a year or two after that ) and demand a bev ? 
  with the lowering price points , this will be inevitable one day . 
  you 'd need a substantial portion of the world 's current total high-density battery production to cover for that ( that 's why the huge , 50 gwh/y factory is getting built in nevada after all ) . 
  apparently , even bmz only builds something like 1 gwh per year now and is only going for 5 gwh of annual manufacturing capacity in 2020 . 
  and judging from the stationary storage demand alone , that wo n't be nearly enough for cars by that point in time . 
  well , that should make german pv installation owners happy first . 
  but they did n't mention the exact `` large numbers '' , have they ? 
  in a booming market , undersupply could be a real problem . 
  ( btw , i 've just noticed it 's actually a californian company , not bosch . 
  puts a different perspective on the `` we will most likely produce the batteries ourselves '' , do n't you think ? ), 
  there 's no reason why we could n't manufacture any of the many kind of battery technologies . 
  but few companies are making a concerted effort at massively upscaling their plants . 
  there 's a difference between being able to present some lab samples and manufacturing enough dozens of gwh annually to be able to build millions of vehicles per year . 
   there is only one drawback . 
  the seeo battery operates at a temperature of 178 degrees fahrenheit . 
  the high temperature requirements already killed a lot of energy technologies . 
  high temperature fuel cells , anyone ? 
  not to mention that improvements in competing technologies without extraneous requirements could easily make this go the way of ~ ~ the dodo ~ ~ cigs cells . 
   sorry , there is simply no price advantage of the model s over a hybrid of the same class . 
  it 's an overpriced gadget car with mediocre interior quality and a small service network . 
  * in europe * , you forgot to add ... ? 
  and yes , the life expectancy of some of the modern crapware is diminished . 
  that 's hardly a technical necessity , though - except that one ca n't know in advance which models eventually turn out to be of lasting quality . 
  but quite a lot of people around here would very much like to drive the cars for longer than that . 
  that may very well be the case for most of the assemblies . 
  but if your `` just another part on the bom '' is 25 % + of your costs , it 's seems quite important if you can squeeze this part 's cost by half . 
  also , when you do that , you might be poised to become at least a mid-sized manufacturer , so the question is how * that * will change the picture in the future . 
  of course , if you think that tesla will never scale up substantially , that argument would have made a perfect sense . 
  i think that even the bmw i3 should beat your hybrid options on operating costs . 
  if you were to have 3l/100 km on average with the hybrids , you 'd save $ 5500 on energy costs alone after the first 200k km ( around where i live , that is ) . 
  but the i3 costs over $ 40k today , and the model 3 , while not reaching the model s parameters , is still supposed to have twice the range of the i3 while costing less . 
  so while your other upcoming options could be competitive compared to today 's bevs , i 'm not so sure how they 'd fare against the average electric car of 2020 . 
  model 3 in 2016-2017 will * not * be about tesla ? 
   we are not talking about reinventing the car here . 
  we are simply talking about a new engine type . 
  and building batteries cheaply on a humongous scale ( vs. sourcing them from more expensive competition ) . 
  and even providing drivers with free electricity . 
  and i do n't even know what else i 've omitted . 
  are german car makers going to the same things , or are they going to provide germans with cars that cost seemingly somewhat less but have much smaller batteries ( like the i3 ) and leave them charging their cars on their own ? 
  and in the czech republic at least , even that 330e would cost you roughly $ 3 extra per 100 km to drive . 
  so considering that the majority of people are not going to buy * any * $ 80000 + car , if you were to compare a smaller electric car versus a lower-end hybrid , i 'm not quite sure the market would be as clear-cut . 
  also , comparing a car introduced in 2012 with a vehicle that is n't even on the market yet seems disingenuous . 
  the non-volk drives other wagens . 
  except for bmw ? 
  it would actually be interesting to somehow plot the ev market share against incentives , incomes , and gasoline and electricity prices . 
  model 3nok ? 
  are we sure it is n't [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e9wkorg.jpg ) ? 
  well , there are two different things at play here . 
  some people come from shitty cultures . 
  others have been brainwashed with shitty religious delusions . 
  the worst combine both . 
  and regarding these immigrants , a lot of them come from places where there 's plenty of opportunity for a human being to grow up twisted in both of these ways . 
  but indeed , surely there 's a lot of people among them who have n't succumbed to either . 
  do n't forget the nuclear plants !, 
  as demonstrated by the fact that arm should have conquered the desktop computer world in the late 1980s ( but did n't ... ), 
  of course it was . 
  the airplanes clearly exploded * after * entering the building structure , not on the outside . 
  to some extent , if only europe cherishes these values , or if some other places in the world value them only to a lesser extent and the rest do n't do that at all , it 's all too easy to label striving for these values and rejecting those who do n't accept them as xenophobia of its own . 
  it 's a logical conundrum . 
   ville * juif * well , for starters , that does n't exactly sound like a muslim-terrorist-repelling place name . 
  a new apple product . 
  sound like a great problem for a prolog homework ... 
  it will end with a filler . 
  shhh ... remember , friend : the pal code is 00000000 !, 
  ... talk about logical fallacies ... , 
  indonesia does n't like apostates , though , from what i understand . 
  `` what 's wrong with being conservative ? '', 
  look at the middle ages ... progressive ideals gave us universal human rights , guaranteed freedom of speech , etc. 
  i think that 's good enough for me . 
  conservative ideals give us blasphemy laws . 
  fuck them . 
  i suspect that poland is not a welcoming society for muslims for the same reason why syria is not a welcoming society for atheists . 
  basically , both are conservative backward societies . 
  dalai lamas had been politicians for centuries , had n't they ? 
  or at least heads of state . 
  ( that is , if theocracy includes something you could call politics . ), 
  hardly . 
  continuity in the broader sense is indispensable for the society . 
  you ca n't ask every new generation to build their homes and companies and factories anew . 
  nor can they generate their own land . 
  besides , it was the intention of their parents to bring them into this world so that * they * could make use of what their ancestors built for them . 
  that is what makes them different from people born elsewhere . 
   refugees would board train in hungary and will go straight to germany , w/o interference by slovak and czech security ( no checks etc ) . 
  what , it is n't ?
