  patriotism and nationalism are not based on the notion of kinship ? 
  then on what exactly are they based , dice throwing ? 
  you have no patriots and nationalists where you live ? 
  some people , even if not all , * do * have these proclivities - regardless of whether they 're sound or not . 
    if my country is too ethnically-diverse , why bother busting a gut to help my country ? 
   because you 're a citizen ? 
    why would anyone fight for and die for his country ? 
   do n't . 
  do it for the whole globe , not just some arbitrary patch of land you happened to be born in . 
  i suspect that just like interpersonal attraction to similar people , feeling of kinship is a real thing . 
  which might easily motivate a person beyond the personally vague notion of citizenship . 
  but you * already * find the same thing in europe ... 
  to my knowledge , there 's not a lot of `` anglo-saxons '' in britain . 
  [ the pre-germanic substrate was too strong . 
  ] ( https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg22530134-300-ancient-invaders-transformed-britain-but-not-its-dna/ ), 
  especially in parliaments . 
  is it me , or is the only difference the article ? 
  it seems unlikely , though , that there would be more than one . 
  certainly i 'm not aware of any language/culture ( these two thing are really related ) that would have more than one generic word for supernatural entities on the same level . 
  different levels , perhaps . 
  well , obviously , that 's covered by the `` one word '' thing . 
  well , of course . 
  that makes it even worse . 
  if the only word for god in arabic is `` allah '' , you might as well be talking about zeus and they would n't understand you . 
  ( and all the better for you , especially in sa ! ), 
  thank badness he did . 
  i 'm not sure the translation works 100 % . 
  the assumptions on the part of the listeners shape understanding . 
  if i were talking to a bunch of christians about a hypothetical god i made up and called him `` the god '' , they would also be probably confused about the referent . 
  that 's not even considering the fact that the listeners * were n't * speakers of arabic . 
   was probably risking his life for that joke you mean the isis will kill him for making fun of them ? 
  because clearly the romanians are incapable of doing it for them . 
  great , now i 'm hungary . 
  bombing is awesome when your enemy is a piece of metal or concrete standing still . 
  it turns out that is less often the case than some military people might think ... 
  i 'm a proud monogot . 
  that would only mean that your opponent would eventually win hands down ... 
  strangely , that sounds like the reasoning someone on the other side could make not to criticize the paris shootings . 
  import a million syrians . 
  10 % of them are potential future isis agents . 
  huge win for germany !, 
   but i sence the eyes looking at me when i 'm outside , in the subway etc. 
  i could just be paranoid , and they are not looking at me for that reason , but i think it . 
  they 're just jealous !, 
  but never lupus . 
  did the `` integrated much better '' thing involve successfully rooting out the feeling of superiority ? 
  not anymore , they evacuated him . 
   france 24 has said that the president has been evacuated that sounds weirdly gore-ish ... 
  i answered your questions accurately . 
  [ you mean like this ? 
  yes . 
  evidence of what ? 
  that two children with czech passports , ergo czech citizens , which our state is legally bound to care about , have been effectively prevented by norwegian authorities from returning to their extended family in their home country ? 
  that much has been reported in newspapers . 
  yes . 
  they 're not . 
  neither are colonialism or raiding , but the initial mention seemed like some kind of whataboutist comparison . 
  `` they 're not '' would have been perfectly sufficient . 
  i do n't know , to me it always seemed like either a long-delayed expedition to recover whatever losses the greeks had suffered from the recent islamic invasion , or more simply two groups of religious wackos thwacking each other . 
  neither very progressive of course , but i have no idea how it even came to be mentioned here . 
  you mean like young czech citizens redistributed into norwegian families ? 
  yes , apparently , there has been such a case . 
  what is it about the crusades ? 
  what if the people are not citizens of your country ? 
  how is that legal even if justified , instead of solving it with the authorities of their home country ? 
  well , [ we ] ( http://www.weatherbase.com/weather/city.php3?c=cz ) actually * do * get slightly cooler for our legal winter . 
  not to mention places like russia etc. 
  can you spell `` wealth redistribution '' ? 
  it 's the perennial nxm versus n+m problem with translators . 
  intermediate languages are often better . 
  so you start the translation using google translate and then you finnish the translation yourself ? 
  i 'm pretty sure these `` more lax standards '' ( if they actually exist ) did n't include the permission to violate said more lax standards , and furthermore , if you think that * stricter * standards would have been * less * likely to be violated by a manufacturer , i wonder what world you happen live in . 
  this incident did n't `` force '' any `` lower eu standards '' on americans . 
  firstly , because these violations have nothing to do with eu standards either , secondly , because us standards remain unchanged and checking the vehicles against them actually led to investigation and apparently to consequences for the company in question . 
   but eu companies had forced their lower standards on americans for years forced how ? 
  rosling is most likely correct in the medium term , but i wonder if that really means that this peak wo n't be crossed ever again if our civilization transforms so that our resource utilization gets significantly improved ( mostly real estate things ) . 
  i think the one major problem with fusion is that it ca n't really work at a small scale . 
  i was once wondering if a 100m-200m-sized reactor would n't be desirable due to better surface/volume ratio , but then again , the problem is that humongous installations would be even more expensive , and large single points of failure are to be avoided . 
  it 's bad enough when a 2gw power plant goes down for any reason , what about a 20gw plant ? 
  ultimately , fusion might come into play when we need ten times the energy the us needs per capita , for a whole world of ten billion in 2150 or something like that . 
  by that time , it would seem to make more sense . 
  a significant portion of our waste would end up generating methane if untreated anyway . 
  what 's * your * proposal for dealing with the problem ? 
   yes , i would . 
  especially after you consider pv cells cost is decreasing , not final facility cost ( which needs inverters , structures and labor ) even so , the structured cost prediction is still somewhere around a 60 % capital cost decrease by the time when ~ 15 tw of capacity will have been installed . 
   the trick is taking into account all energy needs ( not only electricity ) . 
  and it 's 2.4 tw now . 
  that 's possible . 
  but the us , for example , has shitloads of space for either of the two . 
  ( plus assuming that all the primary energy requirements have to be matched joule per joule with electricity is silly , quite notably in the area of transportation , for example . ), 
  anyway , electricity * was * the topic , was n't it ? 
  you could have mentioned you 're switching it to something else . 
   so i do n't think a fair comparison could be done in this case . 
  and i do n't even think you can do a fair comparison by dividing 4100 by 365 * 24 , since it 's a bit lame to omit night/day and summer/winter differences . 
  it 's a long-term average . 
  i 've mentioned that . 
  if there are indeed wide seasonal discrepancies , it 's up to smart people to come up with solutions . 
  i mean , nobody says it has to happen overnight . 
  whatever decarbonization path they will take , it will be a transition lasting for several decades . 
  in general , our civilization 's waste should be sufficient to cover the modest heat requirements for the compliant passive houses .
