turkey is not part of europe . 
  i do n't even get why they have flairs here . 
  yes , among others . 
  he is here defending islam in every thread . 
  was there this summer , loved it . 
  100 euro is the pocket money they get on top of everything else . 
  are you dense ? 
  the cost per `` migrant '' is much much more . 
  yes , tons of their countrymen , that is absolutely true in most cases both in germany and sweden , compared to ee the difference is huge . 
  oh , and the money ofc , never forget that sweet sweet free money . 
  it has nothing to do with the free money and tons of their countrymen being there already . 
  sometimes i wonder if you believe the things you write/say yourself . 
  i wonder if christians get the same `` muh religion '' defence from people like you , at least be consistent . 
  they do ? 
  i guess fashion plays a part here , but the choice is there witch is the most important part of what i am arguing , so stop being so dishonest . 
  how dishonest of you , i can wear full on denim and cow boy boots or a pink dress and everything in-between , hell , i can even wear a burka , but these women can not , how hard is that to understand ?!?!, 
  jesus christ , the apologists came out in force . 
  what clothes are off limits to a western woman ? 
  unless naked , they can wear pretty much what they please , that is freedom . 
  freedom ? 
  this sort of clothing is the opposite of freedom . 
  i can wear whatever i want ? 
  unless im naked , i have full choice on what to wear ? 
  how can you be that dishonest ? 
  in my eyes that does not make any difference . 
  nobody would dress like that if there were n't outside pressures , be it family , religion or culture . 
  imagine being dressed like that in public your whole life , have some compassion . 
  edit : shocked to wake up and see the people here defend this sort of dehumanizing of women , shame on you . 
  i would say it is extremely cruel to demand that women dress that way , i do n't care how close or loose fitting it is . 
  hahaha . 
  wow man, 
  before you attack me for not having a eu nation flag in my flair i have dual citizenship because i have german family , and i travel a lot in europe every year . 
  no , no , no and no !, 
  i have on holiday , lets just say horses  camels . 
  he is sadly one of `` those people '' , do not expect a straight answer . 
  100 % true . 
  it 's sickening how our governments have catered to the demands of that horrible ideology , and here in scandinavia it has been a disaster . 
  after all the struggle with the church , and now we have to deal with this shit . 
  i agree with you , and your perfectly formatted post . 
  no worries , 
  i have to agree on one part , the fact that a tolerant , forgiving and kind culture will be seen as weak in the eyes of some . 
  just look at the difference when it comes to somalis , one of the most successful immigrant groups in the usa , here in norway they are a shameful example of failed immigration with 9 out of 10 being unemployed ( this may have changed slightly ) . 
  i guess it is in bad taste , noted . 
  it was obvious this was a bullshit story . 
  look at his posts , the guy is nuts . 
  he does n't give a shit about france , all he cares about is his agenda , whatever that may be . 
  oh , i took the bait . 
  you have a nice day , 
  i 'm not following ? 
  i live in a an area where 90 % + of the kids in the local schools have 100 % non-native backgrounds , im sorry if it offends you , but most them cant even speak acceptable norwegian , and they where born here . 
  even the few norwegian kids that grow up here are learning to speak what some call `` kebab norsk '' , im sure you understand what that means . 
  i would never raise my kids here . 
  i do n't think we are having open debate on this issue , easily observed on reddit , it all devolves into petty name calling . 
  if immigration really has been on the decline for years then we have more then enough problems with the ones that are already here , carrying european passports , but not taking part in our societies , this goes for the second and third generation as well . 
  there must be open debate and even if they are not 100 % accurate i believe we need statistics on how well our new countrymen are doing or sadly how badly they are doing . 
  in the end immigration is supposed to be good for us and the people arriving . 
  so what if you get a handfull of nurses a year from algeria , fact is there is a worrying trend going on in all of europe , and mena immigration ( both legal and illegal ) is one of the biggest factors . 
  we have to limit / temporarily stop the immigration from those countries , no doubt about that . 
  is that a thinly veiled joke ? 
  i have my doubts that frances main source of doctors and nurses is algeria . 
  true , but i guess a temp ban would be a good idea . 
  i know people from all walks of life , it 's as if we all agree on this one thing , limit people coming from these places . . 
  look , as someone living in a shitty part of town i 'm torn , i can see the kids acting horribly , ganging up on norwegian kids and acting very rudely towards women of all ages . 
  i allso have a great relationship with the guy who runs the little store and his son . 
  i believe that a small amount of immigration can be beneficial , but one should never ever allow paralell societies , i 'm not going to raise my kids here , if i have kids , we are moving to a place where norwegians are not a tiny minority . 
  i sure am , are you one of those people who will defend islam no matter what for some strange reason ? 
  i dont give a shit about religions , and i very much dont want them to have any more power over people . 
  `` chrsitianity '' `` judaism '' `` buddhism '' happy ? 
  i have nothing to say to anyone defending salafist movements . 
  islam has issues to it 's very core . 
  salafists are just happy to show the world the extreme bigotry that `` religion '' has to offer . 
  vitriolic attacks in 2017 ? 
  give me a fucking break . 
  evidence of this being asian gangs ? 
  if it was a gang of whites we would already know all about it . 
  you are always in threads like this advocating for migrants being shipped to europe en masse , makes me wonder what you motives are ? 
  in my opinion anyone with any sense has to see that we can not continue like this . 
  hey , that 's a possibility , i 'm not going to speculate , i think it 's in bad taste to argue over what atrocity is worse . 
  this guy is not a right winger , i have argued with him on many topics and i can assure you he 's no right winger , just have a quick glance at his post history , it is all over the place . 
  it is not a `` right wing '' stance to defend something like this , he surely has some sort of bias , but political affiliation is not it . 
  britons mostly speak english and that 's it , most people in europe speak at least some english and understand quite a bit more , this makes the uk a popular place to work in if not outright emigrate to , the fact that it is a rich country does help a lot of course . 
  no , no they did not . 
  some of these are in stark contrast to the older surrounding buildings , i guess i 'm not a big fan of metal and glass buildings , they have no `` soul '' compared to the beautiful historical city centers . 
  perfect example of the mods of / r/europe . 
  e : guess i was wrong , he 's just another virtue signaling weirdo . 
  they never ever ( !! ), 
  go back except on vacation , there simply is no good reason to take any more illiterate migrants from africa / the middle east . 
  no thanks , they can build up their home country instead of having all those with aspirations of a better life leaving for europe . 
  you are not suggesting anything , you are virtue signaling . 
  pathetic . 
  this is about feeding people , we have no problems feeding our own . 
  they are completely dependent on foreign aid . 
  we have plenty of workers , a huge number of unemployed youth in many european countries that do n't have the means to have kids and the vicious circle continues , import foreigners that have 5 - 10 kids per family , and native europeans foot the bill whilst having fewer kids . 
  we have to have more kids , not import illiterates from the third world to have them for us . 
  this would be a great way to deal with the human smugglers ( ngo 's ) . 
  awww . 
  your brothers and sisters can stay home achmed . 
  you can go visit them when it 's cold in europe . 
  the photographer and the ship he 's on . 
  he can fuck off back home .
