we are working to add capacity to our embassies to process e-residency applications and issue cards abroad by the end of 2015 just a slow rollout . 
   people think our country is fucked up , when it 's , in fact , not so bad at all . 
  eh , it was worse a few years ago . 
  the dutroux-jokes have stopped nowadays . 
  and there * was * a phase where you had no government . 
  wow , that really sounds interesting . 
  the german e-id ( based on the npa ) is pretty shitty , as it 's only available to german nationals and costs several thousand euro/month to use as a commercial service provider . 
  i glanced that the estonian version can be used commercially for free ; can any estonian confirm this ? 
  is it widely used in estonia ? 
  does it use a proprietary signature method , or could i e.g. 
  use it in combination with gnupg ? 
  how does that work in practise ? 
  i 've got a one hour meeting at 9 and a second meeting at 10:15 ; how would that work in portugal ? 
  as a german that just had parental leave , let me explain the german system : mothers get the 6 weeks before the estimated birth date and the eight weeks following the birth off fully paid ( paid by the health insurance ) . 
  both parents can take up to three years of unpaid parental leave ( parental leave has to be accepted by the employer , the job of the leaver is secure ) . 
  unpaid parental leave over three years is at the discretion of the employer . 
  during the first year after the birth , parents on parental leave can get elterngeld ( 66 % of median monthly net income of the last 12 months ) . 
  the 8 weeks paid following the birth count against elterngeld , up to 14 months of elterngeld may be paid , though each parent is limited to a maximum of 12 months . 
  where are you located ? 
  i 'm located in darmstadt and travel to frankfurt every day ; armed police is not a standard occurence fo rme . 
   germany , france and england have police with assault rifles on the streets at least for germany , this is only kinda true . 
  in germany , a heavily armed presence ( which consists of submachine guns , not assault rifles ) is only allowed when a threat is imminent ( for example , we had armed police officers patrolling major train stations back in 2012 after someone set up a bomb in the bonn train station ) ; we do n't have heavily armed police officers patrolling the streets by default . 
  thank you for the link ; an interesting story ... 
  psst , the gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung is no longer the current goal ; we 're going for the riesigdeutsche l\u00f6sung and get all of europe under one banner ;-), 
  the figures have always been massaged ; the only relevant thing about them is the trends . 
  teamarbeit . 
  i liked serving . 
  sure , it took a year , but i grew as a person . 
  interesting . 
  sounds like combining all drawbacks . 
  how does it work in practise ; are danes satisfied with the status quo ? 
  i ca n't find the limit of 600 ' 000 trucks ; can you point me to the correct paragraph ? 
  german military joke : a general from the luftwaffe , a general from the marine ( german navy ) and a general from the heer ( ground forces ) are drinking in a bar on a friday afternoon and are starting to boast how fearless their soldiers are . 
  the general from the heer decides to demonstrate how fearless his soldiers are and calls up a lowly private and says : `` private , the enemy is 30 kilometers north of here . 
  take a potato-peeler , run there and storm their fortress ! '', 
  the private from the heer answers `` sir , yes , sir ! '', 
  and is off . 
  the general from the marine decides to one-up the heer general and calls up a lowly sailor and says `` sailor , the enemy is 40 kilometers south through these shark-infested waters . 
  take a life-vest , swim to their destroyer and strangle anyone on board '' . 
  the sailor answers `` sir , yes sir '' and is off . 
  the luftwaffe general says `` your men are courageous , no doubt , but our men from the luftwaffe have even more courage than that ! '', 
  he calls up a lowly private from the luftwaffe and orders him `` soldier , take a broom and sweep the barracks . '', 
  the private answers by giving him the finger and screaming `` all alone on a friday afternoon ten minutes before quitting time ?!, 
  fuck you ! '', 
  and leaves . 
  ~ ~ nope . 
  7000 * radical * salafists . 
  the verfassungsschutz does n't care about the non-radical salafists . ~ ~ i stand corrected . 
  that strategy would imply very long term thinking . 
  the reality is far easier : any administration voting fur debt relief would face street riots in many of the eurozone countries . 
  many countries have some version of the sovereign citizen scam ; not paying taxes is just too good to not try it . 
  in canada , they are called freemen of the land , uk and france also have a version of it . 
  faking a crime is illegal in most jurisdictions . 
  the list of countries the british have not invaded is way smaller than the list of countries that the british invaded : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/history/9653497/british-have-invaded-nine-out-of-ten-countries-so-look-out-luxembourg.html, 
  in germany there 's much more to marriage than just having children . 
  by marrying someone , you enter into a mutual support contract and are forced to financially support your partner in times of need . 
  the deadline is not the imf payback ( that 's just by chance today ) . 
  the law that allows the eurozone to give greece credits runs out today . 
  tomorrow , there is no legal basis to give greece money ; a new law would need to get passed acc is highly unlikely that all eurozone parliaments would be in favor of it . 
  ah , if only he was in the position to suggest real reforms to the greek parliament ... 
  still seems pretty low to my western ears . 
  if you are flexible , you might want to consider relocating . 
  everybody learns english in school ; german is harder to learn than english . 
  the uk is way more tolerant towards people that speak broken english than germany is towards people that speak broken german . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  how is that phrased in the constitution ? 
  germany . 
  the government tried to downplay everything and claimed that the general population was unaffected . 
  my mother ( a police officer ) joined an underground group that tested produce for traces of contamination and illegally spread their results using flyers . 
  it 's also a thing in germany . 
  i 'd love to sign up , but you have to go to the estonian embassy twice in three weeks and the next embassy is 600km away . 
  perfectly capturing the german esprit . 
  the violence just leads to one thing : dismissal of the whole protest as wacko violent left radicals . 
  these acts of violence are not spontanious ; the protesters planned to destroy property , vandalize public infrastructure and get into fights with the police ( spry paint , pyrotechnics and masks are not normal everyday items ; they prepared for this ) . 
  the blockupy organization keeps on tolerating the violent groups in their mids . 
  beats me . 
  pictures here : ( site is in german , scroll down to 11:35 , the pictures are in a gallery ) http://www.fr-online.de/blockupy-frankfurt/ezb-blockupy-protest-frankfurt,15402798,30135784.html, 
  i call burning cars , smashed train stations and smashed shops pretty bad . 
  it 's the federal election , yes . 
  yup , many smaller farms . 
  as many types of subsidy are per farm ( or have cap per farm ) , the french farmers as a collective get many subsidies . 
  well , it is one of the largest countries with many many farmers . 
  the public broadcasters are financed through a quasi-tax ; they are an unfair competition , as they can spend free money . 
  the german public broadcasting system has very clear limits on what the broadcasters may do . 
  for example , they are not allowed to publish text unrelated to their programs , as that would bring competition to newspapers . 
  unfortunately for us , a court has decided that offering an online archive of all shows would bring unlawful competition into the video on demand market . 
  anti-semitism has a long history in europe ; it was not a german invention . 
  le pen senior stands in a tradition that is over a thousand years old . 
  le pen senior , the father of the current head of the party , marine le pen . 
  also of note : marine kicked senior out of the party because of his rampant anti-semitism and holocaust denial . 
  because it was n't taught in schools ( as far as i understand it ) and used by the state . 
  we had a large spelling reform in german a few years back and saw the same reactions as in france ( indignation , newspapers that refused to change , protests , etc. . . ) . 
  it took ~ five years until the neue rechtschreibung was accepted in public life . 
  nowadays , it is no longer controversial . 
  something like the block-list should not be able to be edited in a way that a simple human error leads to additions . 
  i would expect a documented process with at least 4-eyes-verification of every entry . 
  perhaps the translation is off , but the following scenario does n't make sense to me : two guys fuck everything and everyone available for twelve months . 
  one of the two guys decides to become celibate as a new years resolution . 
  the other guy decides to enter a monogamous relationship . 
  come april , the monogamous guy may donate , while the celibate has to wait another 9 months .
