  i remember when they tried to spin this a positive thing , because it would have no cost to the taxpayer !, 
   funny , i was tempted to say the same thing you but did n't want to go ad personam . 
  good luck finding any modern economist who would agree with your statement that the only way for businesses to make profit is not to pay workers the true value of their labour . 
  any economist from any era would agree with me that the only way for a business to make a profit would be not to pay workers the true value of their labour . 
  let me give you an example . 
  i own a widget selling and making business . 
  i can sell each widget for # 10 , and they cost # 5 in raw materials . 
  i employee bob , who can make 10 widgets an hour . 
  now the value to my bushiness of bob 's labour is # 50 an hour , since in one hour he has turned # 50 of raw materials into # 100 worth of widgets . 
  but i pay bob # 50 an hour i will make no profit . 
  i will have to pay him less to make a profit . 
  even this example is more complicated than it needs to be . 
  by definition profit is revenue minus costs , and if you pay the employees the true value of what they add to the business then your costs will always equal your revenues . 
   really ? 
  i could think of many examples . 
  take larry page and sergey brin , google 's founders . 
  do n't you think their innovation and ideas have been worth more than 10 million dollars ? 
  think of the value their company has provided to the customers , the employees , and the society as a whole . 
  of course , they could n't have done it without the labour of their workers , but it 's thanks to page and brin the company exists in the first place . 
  with google current market capitalization of $ 222 bln , you 're saying they do n't deserve even 0,0045 % of it . 
  do you think google owes its success to people who have started it in less than 0,0045 % ? 
  nope , they probably deserve more and they do have much more than that . 
  but this has nothing to do with anything being discussed . 
  we 're talking about whether people should be paying 75 % tax on earnings over 1 million euros . 
  how much 10 million is out of 220 billion has now relevance at all to the discussion , especially since larry page and sergey brin 's wealth will be due to the shares they own in the companies they founded , not from wages . 
    labour of thousands of workers who are not paid the true value of their labour ( they would have to be paid less , otherwise the business would not make a profit ) . 
   this is completely untrue . 
  yes it is . 
  see my other comment or just try to get an understanding of basic economics . 
   there are two basic ways to determine this . 
  the first is for someone , typically the government , to decide how much each thing is worth based on an arbitrary set of principles . 
  it has been tried and we have learned the hard way that it does n't work , to put it mildly . 
  the second way is to have a free market , in which how much something is worth is defined simply by how much people are willing to pay for it by their own free choice . 
  and it turns out what people are willing to pay for other people 's labour greatly varies . 
  virtually all economists agree today this is the system which works best , providing most wealth and well-being . 
   let 's say i 'm a business owner . 
  why do i pay the ceo 10 times more than a junior employee , as opposed to paying everybody the same , or maybe paying the ceo only 2 times more if that 's the number you 've somehow calculated to be `` morally right '' ? 
  it sure is n't because i like they guy , in fact i probably think he 's an asshole like most ceos . 
  i do it because that 's the market prize of his labour - the prize collectively decided by individual decisions of all the employers in the market . 
  it turns out it is worth it to pay a lot to a ceo , because his labour is making important , difficult decisions and a good ceo can make a big difference . 
  that 's what worth is - the gain you acquire from something . 
  i do n't know about the law in france , but in the uk ceos can effectively set their own pay level by packing the remuneration committee with their friends and fellow ceos , they will then sit on their remuneration committees and scratch each others backs this way . 
  the business owners can not stop this - shareholder votes are only advisory . 
  so the free market principles you 've described do n't apply . 
  edit : also the government does n't have to work to free market principles , and it is n't a black and white choice between communism and libertarianism as you have described . 
  the government should do what they decide is best for the people and if they decide that insanely high levels of executive pay are damaging to society and so decide to tax them , then they should , especially if the public agree with them and they were elected promising to do just this . 
    in reality they are probably going to be heads of a companies that profit from the labour of thousands of workers who are not paid the true value of their labour  yes , they 're exploiting the workers . 
  dude , before you come up with that level of socialism , present evidence of the abuse of the proletariat in france . 
  talking about economics is a level of socialism now ? 
  it is basic economics - if a business paid a person the true value that they added to that business , they will make no profit from that person working there . 
  the amount someone gets paid will always be lower than the value they add ( unless they are able to set their own wages as ceos effectively do ) . 
   so bill gates and steve jobs did n't make millions , they just piggybacked on the work of others and society ? 
  they did n't make millions on their own , thousands of people work for apple and microsoft and millions of people buy their products . 
  microsoft 's and apples products would be useless without people providing an electricity infrastructure and in some cases internet and mobile phone infrastructure to . 
  also they would be useless without people with enough disposable cash to buy them . 
   and now you 're saying the alternative to 75 % is anarchy . 
  the wealthy will probably indeed piss off but rather to switzerland where they 'll just pay 8.5 % . 
  france will lose millions , the swiss will benefit much more - just as planned , no ? 
  that wo n't happen . 
  firstly i do n't think all rich people are as selfish as you portray them to be , and will not all leave because they are being asked to pay more at a time when their country is in need - the tax is even temporary so it is only for a short term . 
  secondly every rich person can not just move to switzerland - every high paying job can not be in switzerland . 
  if this could happen then it would have already - the tax rate in france is already higher than switzerland . 
   what if someone from asia who lives on , i dunno , 500 $ / year told you he ca n't imagine someone living on more than 5000 $ / year and that all incomes over 415 $ / month should be taxed at 75 % to make it fair for him , would you agree ? 
  i would tell him he has no business telling me what the tax rates i should have in my country . 
  we do n't have a one world government , we have national ones . 
  the people of france have elected a leader who promised to tax the rich and he has . 
  so let me turn the question around - who are you to tell the french people that they ca n't tax rich people that highly ? 
   that 's up for those who make that amount of money to decide . 
  the same could be said about the previous example , that if you are n't happier with bread and water you 'll never be happy and so all your work after a certain threshold should be taxed immensely . 
  you need a certain amount of money to buy the necessities . 
  after that you can buy luxuries . 
  but after you have enough to buy all the gadgets , dozens of properties and a yacht , what else are you going to buy to make you happier ? 
  i 'm asking for serious examples , what can you do with 8 million euros a year that you ca n't do with 3 ? 
  if you think there is a difference you should be able to give me at least one example . 
  the law of diminishing returns applies here , the more you earn the less each individual euro means to you , up to a point where extra money will not make you life better in anyway - and you have to look outside material wealth to increase your happiness and well-being . 
   that arguing could also be used against you like `` oh , you 're not happy with more than the minimum wage ? 
  uou have a computer , a web connection , a roof you can sleep under and clothes and you 're not happy ? 
  society ought to take almost that away from you as the extra money is n't going to help and there are those that need it more '' . 
  this is stealing with the justification that the person being robbed is better off than you - that does n't make it fair . 
  you obviously see taxation as theft or punishment - that is not the purpose of taxation . 
  they would be no need to take away everything from over the minimum wage away from everyone - the money would not be needed to run public services . 
  all i am saying is that when more money is needed , it should be the rich that pay the most . 
  when you say things like `` that 's up for those who make that amount of money to decide '' and `` this is stealing with the justification that the person being robbed is better off than you '' then i wonder how you think the tax system should work . 
  it seems that you are against progressive taxation altogether . 
  are you saying that people should decide their own rates of tax ? 
  that there should be a flat tax ? 
  no tax ? 
  i honestly ca n't imagine what my life would be like if i earned 10 million euros a year . 
  people like that live in a whole other world to the rest of us . 
  however i ca n't believe there could be a difference between earning 3 million a year and earning 8 million a year . 
  i mean how could your life possibly be better on 8 million a year than on 3 ? 
  what would you buy that you already could n't afford ? 
  if you are n't happy with 3 million a year , then more money is n't going to help . 
  i doubt that anyone who earns 10 million a year has really earned it . 
  in reality they are probably going to be heads of a companies that profit from the labour of thousands of workers who are not paid the true value of their labour ( they would have to be paid less , otherwise the business would not make a profit ) . 
  no person has ever made millions on their own , they have benefited from other peoples work and from society as a whole . 
  as i 've said [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/11qsol/should_we_boycott_companies_that_pay_little_or_no/c6p6z01 ) , taxes are not a punishment they are how we pay for the society . 
  and to be honest if they do n't want to pay any taxes they can and should piss off to somalia , and see how easy it is to make # 10 million a year in a country with no government . 
  oh no , you 'd have to survive on a mere 3 million a year !, 
  as i alluded to we already have divisions of armed police raiding people 's houses , it does n't ( usually ) lead to them being executed without trail .
