the more the issue is debated the more the polls show us favoring to stay in . 
  on the other hand , cameron is currently promising to renegotiate on europe , and is making promises he ca n't keep like restricting the freedom of movement . 
  so when he fails to live up to his promises he has two options . 
  1 . admit he failed/promised to much 2 . claim the eu is being unreasonable and campaign to leave . 
  he 's an unprincipled opportunist , so he 'll choose the latter . 
  i do n't think he wants to take the take us out of the eu , but he 'd do it just to save face . 
  if the tories do n't win the next election , they 'll blame it on the rise of ukip and replace their leader with a euro-skeptic one . 
  apparently ukip now want us to leave the eu without even holding a referendum , so that could become tory policy too . 
  i think there 's less of an appetite among the public to leave now , but we could be sleepwalking towards an exit anyway . 
  plus there are palestinian christians living in bethlehem . 
  it 's not their fellow palestinians they 're afraid of , it 's the idf and jewish settlers who would kill them as happily as they kill muslim palestinians . 
   would love to see how people on here would react if you mocked how indians and chinese people speak . 
  i can tell you how they would/do react : with laughter and upvotes ( if it was funny ) . 
  although it 's hard to mock the indian accent on reddit , that works best on tv . 
  people mock others for being different all the time , welcome to the real world . 
  technology is also going to advance though , perhaps our descendants will find better ways to deal with the waste . 
  i think they 'd rather have this problem than have to deal with `` worst case scenario '' climate change , which we 're in danger of causing if we are too puritanical about where we get our low carbon electricity from . 
  nope he 's right , immigrants came and took all our graves . 
  is he for real ? 
  a lot of people object purely because they do n't look very nice , which makes me angry because it seems to me that climate change threatens to kill millions and is a huge challenge to human civilization as a whole , so to not do everything we can to stop it because of aesthetics is just so trivial and ignorant . 
  still i think it there is a legitimate concern that it wo n't always be windy , so it would seem to make sense to get the majority of our power from nuclear and use wind to supplement it . 
  is n't germany now using more coal than ever though ? 
  i really do n't understand your countries shift away from nuclear . 
  because that 's the amount the government guaranteed to the power companies to entice them to build the power stations . 
  they wo n't build them unless they can get a quick return on their investment , and they can only do that by selling the energy at vastly increased costs . 
  the government can and should take a longer term view , and build power stations now and recoup the costs over decades not the next few years . 
  but they choose not to , as theseusperse it 's tory crapitalism . 
  most people calling for giving up trident are arguing for a cheaper option , not giving up nukes . 
  yeah , but in the case it was obviously driven by us users . 
  i find the bigger the subreddit the worse the circeljerk effect , / r/worldnews has nearly 5 million subscribers so no wonder the comments are such drivel . 
  there was one comment asked for a european/uk perspective , but all responses that did n't go with the us consensus were heavily downvoted . 
  i guess the americans like living in their bubble of delusion . 
  the theory is that she was killed by 3 people , guede , sollecito and knox, 
  how well do they represent the uk in the european parliament though ? 
  from what i can tell , they just rave about how bad the eu is and vote against absolutely everything just because they can . 
  they are basically just trolls and they make us look bad , i 'd rather vote for a party that aims to make a positive change ( i 'll be voting green ) . 
  boris johnson is a politician , it 's his party that allows these loopholes to persist and is firing tax collectors despite it being shown that they collect more in tax than they cost to employ . 
  so he does know better . 
  there 's been proved cases of the police sending undercover cops into environmental groups to try and stir things up , so i 'm sure it happens elsewhere too . 
  ok , how do you make business smaller ? 
  the way i see it , if you make government smaller you will just get big business filling the vacuum . 
  it 's not a popular idea , even among parents and daily mail readers . 
  see [ this government consultation ] ( http://media.education.gov.uk/assets/files/pdf/c/20130122%20gov%20response%20to%20parental%20internet%20controls.pdf ) . 
  despite the daily mail 's campaign , this block is not going to win them votes , so i think it 's fair to ask why they are doing it . 
  i do n't think there 's a generally agreed definition for a tax haven , other than it 's a country that tries to attract people/companies to move there to avoid paying tax . 
  you could say the uk is a tax haven because : 1 . 
  it has the lowest level of corporation tax in the g20 and 2 . 
  non-dom status , where people are able to live in the uk but not pay uk tax . 
  edit : there 's also the fact that guernsey , the channel islands , gibraltar , the cayman islands , virgin islands are british overseas territories . 
  because the alternative was not much better and the no campaign was very effective . 
  if the public got the choice between fptp and a proportional representation system , pr would win . 
  there were even many people who voted to keep fptp because they thought there would be more chance of getting to pr this way than settling for av . 
  tugasnake was right is saying a religion is not the same as a race . 
  if religion is just a set of beliefs , how can there be an `` indigenous '' religion ? 
  christianity became and remained the main religion of europe through violent coercion , not because it is naturally european . 
  as an atheist i see no reason to promote one religion above another , let people believe what they want , and hope that they will see all religions as equally false and meaningless . 
  is it really reasonable to discuss which are the right religions , and which have no place in europe ? 
  blame the individuals for this crime , not an entire religion . 
  europe has a long and violent history of trying to get rid of people of the `` wrong '' religion . 
  it 's the 21st century , people should be able to believe whatever they want , no religion has more place in europe than any other . 
  while our politicians usually are falling over themselves trying to please israel , it is interesting to note how the israelis in the comments section of this article react to a rare and entirely justified criticism of their antagonistic and illegal settlement building . 
  imo we should at the very least have an arms embargo against israel , not only are israel weapons more likely to kill palestinian children than actual militants , we could find that one day those weapons will be used against us if the eu does eventually find it 's backbone and try to stand up to israel . 
  i do n't think the author understands politics within the eu that well , but it 's interesting to get an outsiders view of the migrant crisis , and unusual to read an article that 's both pro-immigration and anti-eu . 
  he has a point though , the migrant crisis has been handled terribly ( well mostly just ignored ) and people 's lives are at stake . 
  there 's also this  support for the eu in britain was strongest among 18-29 year-olds : 69 percent of them wanted to stay in while 25 percent wanted to leave . 
  british people over 50 years old were the most sceptical age group about membership . 
  young people are notorious for not coming out to vote , so the in campaign will be very vulnerable to low turnout . 
  the majority , apparently : [ majority in former soviet states believe breakup was harmful mistake ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/ussr-collapse-mistake-poll-585/ ) [ confidence in democracy and capitalism wanes in former soviet union ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2011/12/05/confidence-in-democracy-and-capitalism-wanes-in-former-soviet-union/ )  enthusiasm for democracy and capitalism has waned considerably over the past 20 years , and most believe the changes that have taken place since 1991 have had a negative impact on public morality , law and order , and standards of living . 
   there is a widespread perception that political and business elites have enjoyed the spoils of the last two decades , while average citizens have been left behind . 
  still , people in these three former soviet republics have not turned their backs on democratic values ; indeed , they embrace key features of democracy , such as a fair judiciary and free media . 
  however , they do not believe their countries have fully developed these institutions . 
  the bbc were very balanced in the run-up to the referendum , giving equal weight to the ridiculous claims of the leave campaign as to what remain was saying . 
  they are depressed because what is happening is objectively very bad for britain , if they had been more objective in the run-up to the referendum we might have had a different result . 
  `` european ethnicities having their own states '' has n't worked out to well for the jews when it 's been tried historically . 
  i know , and arthur goodman of jews for justice for palestinians is right to say that israel ethnically cleansed palestinians in 1948 . 
  a one state solution would allow palestinian refugees to return and the state be shared , it would n't require any jews to leave though so it would n't itself be ethnic cleansing . 
  they 're just advocating a one state solution if you ignore the ridiculous headline . 
  as usual they blame `` the left '' , even though this is a tory policy . 
  well i have no idea what you were going to say . 
  when an elected representative who was liked and respected across the political spectrum is murdered by a neo-nazi for her political beliefs , what more is there to say other than to call it a tragedy . 
  surely you do n't side with the neo-nazi here ? 
  surely you do n't believe people should be murdered for their political beliefs ? 
  i do n't know about support for le pen , but it was n't the young who were voting for brexit and trump , it was baby boomers and pensioners . 
  why bother commenting at all then ? 
   the problem for the eu is that it has no plan or mechanism to restore productivity to areas who have lost it . 
  i 'm not sure that 's entirely true - in the uk the most deprived areas receive a lot of eu funding , while the uk government does n't give a shit about them . 
  the eu wanted to raise tariffs to protect against chinese steel dumping , but the uk government opposed it and we almost lost our steel industry as a result . 
  the thing is , the areas helped most by the eu were also the areas that voted to leave . 
  i 'm not sure what conclusion can be drawn from this - either the eu did n't do enough , or it was just used as a scapegoat for the failings of the uk government and the capitalist system in general , in the same way trump has used scapegoats to blame americas problems on . 
  you 've suggested two tax cuts - replacing 20 % of vat on most things that are sold with a few % tax on company revenues would surely reduce the tax take , as would allowing married individuals to combine their tax allowance ( i think this already existing in the uk but was abolished ) . 
  tax cuts sound good and always go down well , but i think to be realistic you need to say what you would cut or what other tax you would raise to make up the difference . 
  unless companies increased their prices rather than passing on the vat savings to the consumer , which they would as they already knew the consumer was willing to pay that price . 
  is the problem really the use of the word border ? 
  whether you refer to it as a border , a ceasefire line or the green line the fact is that settlements outside that line are internationally recognised as illegal . 
  the problem is that the eu recognises the settlements as illegal , but continues to trade with and support them . 
  israeli settlements outside of the 1967 borders are internationally recognised as illegal . 
  the un , the us and the eu have repeatedly said this . 
  i do n't see what the source of your confusion is here . 
   though i think the biggest problem was when they said people had to pay for it . 
  having to pay # 50 for a government ordered id card is just going too far .
