first of all , the article is not just about recording and transmitting recordings of suicide , just as the law is not merely about that . 
  a suicide attempt can be a matter of public interest , and as such filming it can be a documentation of current affairs . 
  so the exceptions are relevant . 
  they would be relevant either way , as absatz 4 specifically refers back to absatz 3 nos . 
  2 , 3 and 4 . 
  they might not be considered to apply , but they are relevant nontheless . 
  the ridiculousness of the law lies therein that documenting reality , however harsh , should never be considered a crime . 
  it 's understandable that the government does n't want to encourage amusement at the expense of vulnerable people . 
  but this is the wrong approach . 
  looks like he learnt a lot . 
  / s he is still blaming westerners for all his problems . 
  why ? 
  you do n't have to cheer them on , but they are still people and deserve equal rights . 
  russians drink baileys ? 
  it 's not nice to downvote someone who realised his preconception was wrong . 
  give the guy a break . 
  it 's a ridiculous law , and especially worrisome together with the new social media fining scheme . 
  but deutsche welle left out that there are exceptions . 
  it is punishable by imprisonment of up to two years or a fine : - to create or transmit any recording showcasing the helplessness of a person without their permission , if it infringes on their highly personal sphere , - or to use such a recording or make it available to a third person , - or to knowingly make an authorised recording of a helpless person available to a third person if it infringes on their highly personal sphere . 
  however , none of the above applies for acts that attend to predominantly justified interests , namely of the arts and science , research and education , reporting on current affairs or history or similar purposes . 
  https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__201a.html otherwise , all the unicef and charity tv advertisements of starving people in the third world would be illegal . 
  half of the news would be illegal . 
  current affairs should not , however , only include global events . 
  it is problematic that the police are filing lawsuits against people who are simply recording local news - like a burning house - , and that they will most likely soon go after people who merely share such local news on social media . 
  you want to give them a coin and they grab the whole wallet  but seriously , there are lots of orphans who surely would be happy to be adopted by any couple , hetero or not . 
  via libya . 
  there were 50000 to 80000 bangladeshi migrant workers in libya before gaddafi was ousted . 
  but ever more bangladeshis are flying via dubai and istanbul to tripoli . 
  it 's funny/sad how a good part - if not the overwhelming majority - of germans and brits in spain are doing everything migrant workers in germany and the uk are commonly critisised for : segregating into their own communities , not learning the local language , not trying the local food , etc. 
  warning : preceded by inappropriately cheerful advertisement . 
  save the money , it 'll look tacky anyway . 
  flags belong on flagpoles , not on walls . 
  [ or switzerland . 
  ] ( https://f2.blick.ch/img/incoming/origs5839342/6352536506-w1280-h960/wal8654.jpg ), 
  i feel sad for anyone who does n't know the glorious meal that is raclette . 
  mistakes happen . 
  it does have an effect on the seaworthiness of the boats provided by the smugglers , though . 
  a truly european food :  `` the wrapping of meat or other foodstuffs into dough can be traced back to the classical greek or roman eras . 
  however sausage rolls in the modern sense of meat surrounded by rolled pastry , appear to have been conceived at the beginning of the 19th century in france . 
  from the beginning , use was made of flaky pastry , which in turn originated with the hungarian croissant of the late 17th century . 
  early versions of the roll with pork as a filler proved popular in london during the napoleonic wars and it became identified as an english foodstuff . '', 
  including mr trump . 
  additionally , we should put the focus on fixing the issues that make them refugees in the first place and help them return back home once it 's safe , instead of talking about relocation within europe , language classes and job prospects . 
  motorised hussars . 
  extremely low tax rate ? 
  income tax goes up to 63.5 % . 
  also , belgian tax revenue to gdp ratio is at 47.9 % , on par with france . 
  only denmark has a higher ratio at 50.8 % . 
  according to a vice news documentary , the north koreans also worked at wharfs in gdansk - repairing nato ships of all things . 
  that just seems like a huge security risk to me . 
  edit : https://www.vice.com/en_id/article/ypea8j/cash-for-kim-north-korean-forced-laborers-in-poland, 
  this must be in the early morning . 
  i ca n't see any people . 
  this is hillarious indeed . 
  it wo n't make you any safer . 
  the investigations into recent attacks have shown that the terrorists are meeting in person , and a new york times article from a while back mentioned that daesh operatives are reaching out to people on he brink of radicalisation by means of intermediaries . 
  and the people commiting sponaneous antisemitic attacks against individual jews or even bigger ones like the riot in sarcelles are unlikely to be stopped beforehand through surveillance . 
  you forgot to link to it . 
  belgium has `` dry spells '' on hat map , and they already had to ban washing cars and filling swimming pools . 
  so what does `` drought develops '' look like in ukraine ? 
  still , if it 's from a reputable source in the first place , one might as well whitelist it and save the mods some work . 
  it appears so . 
  let 's hope poland 's future wo n't be one full of horrible orphanages . 
  ( and excuse my misspelling , i never manage to get that name right . ), 
  do you think poland will go full cesaucescu ? 
  that 's rather petty and ostentatious . 
   `` open-top double-decker bus '' `` too high to pass under the alexandre iii bridge '' that seems like the worst possible combination . 
  let 's hope there really were no major injuries . 
  to me it seems like the suits on the british guys are actually a tad better fitting , but it 's hard to tell from that picture . 
  as for the relevance , looking sharp during negotiations can help . 
  the article is in german . 
  translation : * last rank in europe * ** sweden 's trains and the bad habit of being unpunctual ** * with a delay rate of more than 30 percent , the swedish high-speed trains are the most unpredictable in europe . 
  this has been the case for years , and improvement is hardly in sight . 
  * on the display panel under the platform roof in the station of the southern swedish city of lund , something starts to flash , and that is a bad sign . 
  the announcement from the loudspeakers swiftly follows : `` the high-speed train to stockholm , scheduled departure at 15:10 o'clock , has a newly calculated departure time of 15:25 o'clock . 
  attention : this time is provisional and can change . '', 
  not a bad performance for a train coming from copenhagen and therefore not yet an hour on the way . 
  those announcements are well-known , they are often heard in sweden . 
  and in this particular case , we also know that the delay will increase , because further down on the line construction works are taking place . 
  the train company sj has already informed one about that by text message , adding that the train may stop for up to 60 minutes somewhere . 
  the text message therefore included the offer to either rebook free of charge or cancel ( i.e. 
  to take another train which would be delayed , or to leave the trip be altogether and wait two weeks until the construction work on the tracks has ended ) . 
  traveling by train and arriving on schedule therefore is a matter of luck in sweden ; especially when it comes to the premium product of the sj , the x2000 tilting train , on the `` race tracks '' malm\u00f6-stockholm and g\u00f6teborg-stockholm . 
  as a recent study showed , in the period from 2008 to 2015 , every third of those trains was delayed by more than 5 minutes at its destination . 
  between malm\u00f6 and stockholm , even 30 minutes are no rarity . 
  with this result , sweden finds itself in the position of the last rank in europe regarding punctuality of high-speed trains . 
  responsible for the deplorable state are decades of neglect in expanding the infrastructure , which has long ceased to meet the increased transport volume . 
  the fact that the responsibility lies more often with the traffic authority than with the railway company , however , is a weak consolation for the travelers , who look at the flashing on the display panel with a worrying look . 
  also , could you whitelist reputable/public service sources from the automod ? 
  it makes no sense for the automod to scrutinise them , since their content will have to hold up to much higher standards anyway . 
  this morning i posted an article by swissinfo ( a part of the swiss public service broadcasting corporation , something like the bbc ) but it did n't become visible . 
  i assume the automod did n't like some words in the title . 
  beautiful but sad . 
  the temperature rise in switzerland is double the global average . 
  by 2100 the glaciers will be gone . 
  the gays probably are just the first easy targets for them , since different socially conservative views often coincide . 
  against whom will they turn once they got the taste of bashing people and scared the gays out of public life ? 
  women whom they perceive to be indecently dressed , maybe ? 
  the bumps in the hungarian bike lane look higher than your hills , 
  this is a really strange story .
