  the director insits that the play was performed in moscow , paris and st. peterburg , and calls on people who attended to provide eyewitness accounts , because the prosecutor does n't think that press reviews of the production are suffient to prove it was ever actually performed . 
  maybe if you scots secede from the uk , they 'll think again about leaving the eu . 
  i know that the euro and dollar are about at parity , and that the canadian dollar is worth less than the american one and keeps devaluing . 
  but i do n't know the actual exchange rate since i never buy anything directly from canada . 
  for the same reason , i have no idea about the mexican peso , other than that they make nice silver coins with a liberty figure on it . 
  i assume most europeans will know about as much , unless they work in the financial sector . 
  economic migration was already a thing before the wilkommenskultur . 
  welcoming refugees certainly aggravated the issue , but it 's not exactly fair to blame it entirely on that . 
  but you are right about this being two separate issues . 
  however , there would likely have been a mass exodus of syrians even if the us and russia did n't intervene . 
  the ban of the baath party in iraq and the disbandment of the iraqi army seems to have contributed to the chaos in syria , but the iraqi baathists would have participated in the syrian conflict under hussein as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the arab spring would have happened even if the iraq war did n't take place . 
  the whole region already was unstable and divided along sectarian lines before the us invasion . 
  most of the people passing through that door are n't from countries affected by the us military at all , however :  `` nationals from nigeria , bangladesh and ivory coast accounted for the largest number of the detected migrants on the central mediterranean route last month . '', 
  or , you know , just more reasonable taxation . 
  you are right , we 'll probably see a shift in population density as well . 
  some bits of the balkans are already practically empty , save for old people . 
  that 's not the issue with this legislation , though . 
  removal of all sorts of legal but nonstandard comments is undoubtedly to be expected if absurd punitive measures are levied against companies for failing to remove illegal comments quickly enough . 
  no business wants to risk having to pay such fines , so they will remove anything even remotely offensive or containing certain buzzwords if the process is automated to save personel costs . 
  this will then create an environment of censorship and banish unpopular opinions from the political discourse . 
  that 's good news . 
  one might have expected it to end like some of the nazca lines , permanently destroyed , after a greenpeace media stunt . 
  i agree . 
  for instance , the grain harvest in north africa is apparently expected to decrease by half within this decade or so , due to the wheat plants not being resistant to heat . 
  they are trying hard to find more heat-resistant varieties . 
  the last time there was a grain shortage in north africa , they had to import more grain from europe . 
  and the price hike from that already sparked mass protests that contributed to the start of the arab spring . 
  if a continuous decrease in harvest in north africa should coincide with a temporary bad harvest in europe , like the one a while ago in france that wiped out 30 % of the wheat if i recall correctly , then the north african nations might no longer be able to satisfy demand through imports . 
  where would the hungry people go ? 
  probably not towards the sahara desert . 
  this is the funniest thing i 've read all week . 
  wow , two big gaps : from sweden to switzerland , and from the czech republic to slowenia . 
  edit : and combined , those two gaps alone are bigger than the entire bar of ukraine . 
  that 's interesting , does the term `` peasant '' not have any negative connotation in lithuanian ? 
  is it really called the `` peasant party '' ? 
  from page 16 of the key findings report :  `` between 2015 and 2050 , the excess of deaths over births in europe is projected to total 57 million , whereas the net inflow of international migrants is expected to be around 32 million , implying an overall reduction of europe 's population by about 25 million . '', 
  wow , thank you . 
  that 's an awesome combination with the aurora . 
  there 's really nothing wrong with that warning , even the ecdc says it is `` mainly affecting men who have sex with men '' and speaks of `` evidence of secondary cases among other groups '' . 
  so it seems to be mostly spreading from gay men to other gay men but also to other people , if i understand that correctly . 
  her works do n't even seem to be that expensive either : http://www.van-ham.com/datenbank-archiv/datenbank/marianne-kuerzinger/, 
  i found this paper , pages 15 and 16 have the comparison tables : http://www.econ.jku.at/members/schneider/files/publications/2012/taxevasion_buehn.pdf apparently the tax evasion in iceland between 1999-2010 on average was valued at 1.8 % of its gdp . 
  which is actually equal to the average during that period of all the 38 oecd members evaluated . 
  it seems like a negligible problem . 
  but who knows which statistics are right ? 
  this article is from 2015 , but interesting nonetheless . 
  it mentions a collusion between reddit and roskomnadzor :  `` authorities from roskomnadzor , the kremlin 's media watchdog agency , removed the reddit link from its internet blacklist a day after adding it , saying the site 's administrators finally agreed to block the banned content from readers in russia . '', 
  we might not see much progress in our lifetime . 
  reformation took centuries to take hold , and created an environment in which a whole new set of ultra-conservative but anti-orthodox groups could form . 
  i do n't think many people are critisising the german government for acting on specific threats . 
  even in america , specific threats are not considered free speech . 
  the debate is more nuanced . 
  personally , i think heiko maas ' approach of fining companies for not removing possibly illegal comments quickly enough not to be conductive to an inclusive political discussion . 
  it will inevitably lead to overeager removal of all sorts of fringe comments - be they illegal under german law or not - lest the company be fined . 
  which then just leads to more polarisation . 
  and of course then there are differing opinions on what the rather murky legal wording actually comprises , to what abuses by well-meaning but overzealous politicians it might give rise to , and finally what warrants to be deemed illegal in the first place . 
  why do romanians and hungarians hate each other , though ? 
  as most people here , i do n't speak danish . 
  but just from trying to understand the foreword , it seems that basically european , chinese and indian immigrants that go to denmark for work are providing a net benefit , whereas refugees from syria and somalia put the biggest strain on public finances . 
  not exactly astonishing . 
  and it 's great to see that neither of the two hitlers can properly spell german . 
  `` herman '' with one `` n '' and `` sch\u00fctelmayor '' with one `` t '' . 
  no , i think that martinez is the wife of herman guntherberg , wheras the hitler in basti 's book called himself adolf sch\u00fctelmayor . 
  his wife , angela martinez said :  `` he looked like he was in trance , and he would start talking about jews and demons . 
  then he 'd come back to normal . '', 
  sounds like hitler . 
  as most people here , i do n't speak danish . 
  but just from trying to understand the foreword , it seems that basically european , chinese and indian immigrants that go to denmark for work are providing a net benefit , whereas refugees from syria and somalia put the biggest strain on public finances . 
  not exactly astonishing . 
  well , britain can always let in the people camping in calais , to replace the eastern european farmhands . 
  i 've never seen noctilucent clouds before . 
  very beautiful . 
  i agree . 
  as i said , the eu is undermining itself in this regard . 
  i guess it will depend on the costs . 
  if hacking requires a lot of police ressources , it might only be used in high profile cases . 
  it 's still not much better than stasi practices . 
  they too had to install the bugs first in peoples ' flats , the flats were n't built already bugged . 
  federal trojan horse . 
  furthermore , the eu is undermining itself with its various subvention schemes , which lead to certain bussinesses only being profitable in certain member states ( and often at high social and environmental cost at that ) . 
  there was a german manufacturer , for instance , who could n't compete with a polish manufacturer anymore because the latter received eu subventions and had way less scrutiny in environmental matters and workers ' safety . 
  is tax evasion really that much of a problem in iceland that it warrants removing notes of such low denomination ? 
  and you do n't even have coin exchange machines . 
  i wanted to use the public toilet on the platform in amsterdam centraal station once , but did n't have the right coin . 
  i think it only accepted 50 cent coins . 
  the eu wants to ban encryption backdoors , yet germany legalises bundestrojaner 2.0 - at least it 's not a backdoor , right ? 
  they should have organised safari-style tours instead . 
  wild bears and history , double the tourism money . 
  interesting . 
  i calculated the numbers for switzerland , and there are apparently merely about 388 bank branches per 1 million residents . 
  but the graphic seems to measure it in branches per 1 million citizens , and then it would be 508 for switzerland . 
   '' [ . . ] bangladeshis , who now count as among the largest nationality leaving libya to reach italy . '', 
  interesting , i did n't know that . 
  considering that the french intentionally propped up the alawites in syria ( despite bashar 's grandfather sulaiman al-asad asking for the alawites to instead join libanon in 1943 ) , it would have probably been better for the secular parts of syrian society if france had come to the realisation to just stick to their original idea much earlier . 
  there is also a much higher likelihood of being killed by a car crash or air pollution in india than in europe , for instance . 
  so should indian city-dwellers be granted asylum just due to the more dangerous environment they live in ? 
  you can see that in the graphic , but the numbers do n't seem to make sense for every country . 
  france for instance has 397k people illegally present , but ordered 410k people to leave ( and only 65k actually left ) . 
  belgium has 81k people illegally present , but ordered 198k people to leave ( and only 32k left ) .
