  also , they are not recognised as an ethnic minority , and do n't have the right to self-determination , by the treaty of lausanne . 
  and should be respected , as the greek state has always done , while the turkish state exterminated the greeks of konstantinople , imvros and tenedos . 
  now , about the kurds , how can it be that 10-15 million people , in many regions forming a tremendous majority , not yet having the right to self-determination . 
  while this is already happening in countries like iraq , and syria . 
  why should kurds live under turkish rule ? 
  is this self-determination for you ? 
  think of gdp as the combined profits ( added value ) of a country ( company profits , salaries , pensions , investment proceeds , etc ) . 
  the fact that you have exported 120 % of your gdp is `` sales '' , not profits . 
  the `` profit margin '' or added value from these `` export sales '' is not above 100 % of the gdp . 
  the sites are not allowed to undercut the price offered in booking . 
  you will have to phone them directly and ask for a better price . 
  booking takes around 20 % of the price as a cut . 
  it has really dominated the market . 
  also , this is not an exit bill per se . 
  it is mostly the eu budget obligations of which a considerable , but smaller , amount returns back to the uk . 
  as long as the uk is still in the union it has to foot the bill like all members . 
  this is sensational headlining without substance ( as the whole matter of the exit bill as well ) . 
  modes of existence : * superpower * non-existant everything else is an illusion . 
  rightful greek clay !, 
  alexander did not stop in india . 
  more info on the subjcet [ here ] ( http://toilet-guru.com/biblical_new.php )  europeans did n't have toilet paper until recently . 
  the romans , at least the higher classes , used a tersorium , a sponge mounted on a stick . 
  the sponge could be dipped into a water channel running in front of the row of communal toilets in the latrine , and rinsed off in that channel after use . 
  if there was no channel of running water , a bucket of salt water or vinegar water would be used , as seneca described in his letters of lucillus [ 70,20 ] . 
   if neither a tersorium nor water were available , the greeks and romans used \u03c0\u03b5\u03c3\u03c3\u03bf\u03b9 or pessoi , small stones . 
  the tradition started with the ancient greeks that ** three stones should be enough to finish the job ** . 
  if politicians had decided on brexit , why would it have been reversible ? 
  could not have spelled it better . 
  emotions driving policy appeared magically only after 43 years of him in power . 
  this is when european emotions kick-in . 
  it is a known fact . 
  it is difficult to imagine , because modern representations of colours look like an amateur painter brushed them with no hue , saturation and artistry . 
  if there was a master artist for sculpting the reliefs , i think a master painter would have painted them as well . 
  those are people that both want more influence on politics than 1 vote can give them . 
  they are both undermining ( and exposing ) democracy as an institution , by buying political influence . 
  the [ open society foundation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open_society_foundations ) has an annual budget of more than 800m $ , which makes its clout quite non-trivial , especially if concentrated on specific issues . 
  any upper management position shares the same privileges . 
  you show up when you want , or you setup the meeting at a different time . 
  what matters is the outcome you have achieved and the value you have added to the company , not trivialities . 
  those guys are not supposed to be employees but legislators . 
  their time is at their free will and disposal to promote the interests of their constituents . 
  if they do n't employ their time properly and do n't achieve their mandate , their people should not vote for them again . 
  but no one shall interfere in the process by obliging them to do what they do not wish for . 
  this is a fundamental concept of how parliaments work . 
   yes , i do n't understand why their salary is so out of proportion ? 
  because they are leading the country , by creating the legislation , the rules that make the whole system function . 
  if that is not an important job , i do n't know what it is . 
  the qualification is the vote of the people , and this is enough in democracies . 
  those are representatitives of the people of europe and should not be chosen lightly . 
  \u03a4\u0399\u039b : russia is the us of europe . 
   historians agree there is no link between them apart from a patriotic sentiment born in the 19th century . 
  this is exactly the opposite , of what historians , geneticists and linguists agree up-on . 
  they posit that there are significant historic , cultural , linguistic and genetic links between the ancient greeks , the byzantine greeks , the ottoman greeks and the modern greeks . 
  they have been affected by other cultures , they have affected other cultures , they have intermingled with other people and languages , but there is still significant and apparent lineage . 
  i am not sure anymore what you are trying to achieve . 
  i am not arguing with you , i was attempting to start a discussion . 
  look at some point i asked you about something and your reply was one-word while i am always trying to formulate an argument . 
  you said also you are in favor of democracy . 
  democracy has decided that this is not a good thing to happen . 
  i am just assuming that you are fine with the general mechanism , by your answers , but it just happened that this specific one was not in favor of your personal choices . 
  i did n't draw any far-fetched conclusion . 
  the state will impose fines as well , not only tax rates . 
  now , if you do n't want any anti-competition legislation it is your right , but the state has decided differently . 
  if the market was forcing a company that you liked out of business , i guess you would be unhappy but not protest against free-market for it . 
  the same mechanism from the opposite side , produced a regulation that you did not like . 
  the system as a whole however should have your full support , despite your personal choices getting disrespected from time to time . 
   they 're a business after all . 
  i suppose without google , no company can exist . 
  this is the reason that the eu has special rules for companies with dominant position such as google . 
  if google did not have this market share it would not be necessarily fined . 
  if your advertiser is your competitor as well , you are kind of screwed if he has a complete control of the market . 
  you have no where else to put your name . 
  simply , that i do n't see how our disagreement emerges , since this is a base case of where a free market gets regulated from a state to not allow unfair competition . 
  ok , so , what just happened ? 
  decided and imposed by whom ? 
  because google was manipulating its results for another market , nobody accused it for its capacity in its own market . 
  where did you learn about weather.com if the only search engine you are using is google , and google decides not to display it in the front page in order to erode its market share ? 
  what mechanism do you propose to make this re-allocation ? 
  given that the market has already made its verdict . 
  what you are describing is a general tendency and i see it as a macroscopic phenomenon . 
  on the microscopy of it and in the transitional effects that affect real people things are more messy . 
  people want to live and protect their livelihoods . 
  as a societal goal the general efficiency and productivity is secondary if it does not include them in the solution . 
  if the market forces have deemed them un-necessary . 
  democracy is a supervisory power that makes sure that many , or at least as many as possible , participate in this future at a sacrifice of a higher efficiency . 
  because the reason in this world is to live , and thus you create a society and an economy to achieve it , but not vice versa . 
  because google is the dominant player and there is a different set of rules for such players since their moves have detrimental effects on others . 
  the case is for google using its dominance in one market ( which nobody has accused it of achieving it ) to establish dominance in a second one . 
  it google was not the dominant player ( and we had 10-20 different search engines with a relatively homogeneous market share ) this would not have been illegal . 
  by the article that we are both reading , this assumption is quite obvious . 
  by combining our forces and electing representatives with a free , open and competitive process ( elections ) we are able to create a voice for our concerns which is what the eu commissioner for competition stands for . 
  i mean google is part of this effort to generate `` correct information '' and it was itself manipulating the results of its search engine . 
  a free market does not give to people what they want , it gives people with most market power what they want , by definition . 
  our society has higher order institutions , such as governments and elections , where the will of people with less market power are expressed and taken into account as well . 
  when you are dominating a market you have a different set of obligations . 
  you are not bound by the same rules as smaller players , ( e.g you should not try to stifle competition at its infancy - by preventing their entrance / you are still allowed to make an amazing product ) . 
  but this is an even stronger case where dominance in one market is being used to achieve dominance in a second one . 
  also not allowed . 
  you are overpricing them . 
  \u0399 do , but i also think that the powers that want it distorted might be paying better .
