  this permanent decades-old incosistency of the greek people with our governments is ruining us . 
  this makes r/thenetherlands the largest european subreddit , followed by r/sweden . 
  the large countries are losing biggly in the reddit wars . 
  it 's true . 
  interesting . 
  if you isolate greece from the bundle , there was a short ( 1 year ) rebound which now has collapsed again . 
  but euro support remains strong . 
  the wrong one, 
  hey guys , the sun is hot and the sea is cool at the greek islands . 
  we might even be able to pay denbts if you arrive en masse . 
  pay yourself back while enjoying your summer vacation . 
  the more you spend , the more you get ( if you ask for receipt that 's it ) . 
  thanks cyprus , you always give us 12 points in eurovision ( while we are n't ) . 
   `` never interfere with an enemy while he 's in the process of destroying himself '', 
  keep calm and unite or else you are going to oblivion and fatal destruction . 
  why do you not keep calm , heh ? 
  finally , proof that finland exists . 
  it is greece . 
  you are certainly right that they did not like it and my comment was not clear . 
  though the history is a tad-bit more complicated ( e.g. 
  the byzantines sent the varangian-guard to fight the normans at the lombard revolt ) , but of course there was even a war between them . 
  this make sense , but i think you wanted to say the opposite . 
  this should not have happened ( borrowing at low interest rates during growth ) in order to be able to borrow now . 
  not a primary source , but many sites on sicily and monreale mention this . 
  e.g http://www.wondersofsicily.com/sicily-christ-pantocrator.htm also , sicily was a byzantine possession for centuries , then arabs conquered it for a century , the byzantines tried to recapture it with the help of normans , and then started the norman occupation that brought the creation of those complex buildings . 
  it sounds logical . 
  but is there then a good timing of borrowing and what is it ? 
  the mosaics were indeed made by byzantine artists brought from constantinople , and the style is sometimes refered to as norman-arab-byzantine , but the inscription in unesco is frankly only norman-arab . 
  given the vast extent and capabilities of your military/industrial/intelligence complex i am not sure anymore how much a president has a say , or there are many forces moving all along without attribution or guidance from the top ( as an ecosystem not a hierarchical pyramid ) . 
  nice to hear !, 
   institutionalized discrimination hi , greek here . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  it 's not the populace but the state that gives you problems ? 
  in all cases , remember that the greek bureaucracy sucks for greeks as well , we share this privilege eagerly with all people arriving in our lands . 
  extremely interesting and elucidating . 
  i am surprised with the lack of artifacts in persia . 
  they were a significant world power of the era , surely they would have some trade with east rome , despite their tensions and war ? 
  certainly . 
  but , the whole wording is a bit too much ( such as movement from london will not result in a net reduction of workers ) , or that they are not saying where exactly they are moving ( as if they would decide on this last minute , out of a whim ) . 
  on the other hand they know it will make headlines , and that it will hit london 's brand name as global financial powerhouse . 
  why would they even make a public statement concerning such internal issues as personel distribution , except for some political gain or privilege ? 
  you have been reported . 
  why do you think this is not happening in the west ? 
  how do you know that the state is not controlling the narrative , using most sophisticated means that apply to the sensitivities of the western populace ? 
  perhaps we are ? 
  i mean it was not long before that it was revealed that the us is spying merkel and the rest of its allies . 
  i am sure they are doing something similar to russia and china . 
  or problably not ? 
  or what about the numerous times that the west has been involved in coops and foreign elections ? 
  this is happening all the time , in all historical contexts , by all serious contenders . 
  of course the best propagandist is the one that makes his population believe that the opponents are the baddies and they are at best the victims of his malice . 
  ok , i see what you want to say . 
  the eastern roman empire changed to christianity , indeed , because that was essentially the only thing to change to . 
  there was no orthodox or catholic before that . 
  well , my problem with your answer was mainly your effort to assign intention ( some nationalisitic narrative that you thought out of your mind and was never claimed ) . 
  you did not answer any of my points , and believing that the eastern roman empire is not a different entity than the old roman empire is simply absurd . 
  i do not deny their common origins , neither their obvious connection , but i do not forget their fundamental differences as well . 
  what i said defines the eastern roman empire . 
  those are its predominant characteristics throughtout its 1000 year history . 
  what you said is some typolatric answer focusing on minor details and not the essence . 
  yeah right the capital of the eastern empire was nicomedia , not constantinople . 
  sure , the empire was not christian orthodox , it was pagan . 
  the rest of your answer proves that you just want some mini-historical war rather than discussion . 
  you are streching it to the limits . 
  i never made any claim of how greek came to be ( you are answering to some imaginary accusation about officiality ) , but that it was in fact predominantly greek , as a major difference to the latin language . 
  i talked about east med as a new focus , which is again true . 
  you are talking about mediterranean in general . 
  both entities were based in the mediterranean how can it be otherwise ? 
  fanatiscm does not help . 
   a new religion ( christian orthodox ) the roman empire was not christian , it was persecuting christians until the time of constantine and the edict of milan . 
  i am not sure why this has to become such a downtrodden discussion . 
  what i said was right and concerns the eastern roman empire , not some fantasy land . 
  and calm down , do n't make this political , nobody is here to blame you . 
  it was called imperium romanum , or empire of the romans , but there has been a division between west and east , a new capital ( constantinople ) , a new language ( greek ) , a new religion ( christian orthodox ) and a new geographical focus ( east med ) . 
  i think despite the common name and origins it is confusing and inaccurate to think of it as the roman empire . 
  it is a distinct entity . 
  and my point is that they identified as both . 
  at this historical context greek was equivalent to romios ( they spoke greek for god 's sake , and they lived in ancient greek lands , some of them must have been greeks or had greek ancestry ) . 
  there was no `` greek identity '' in the modern form , to begin with . 
  i think you know very well what i mean . 
  because romioi , was like saying i am european citizen , but you might still be greek . 
  the eastern roman empire , encompassed many civilizations , and the prevalent one was the greeks . 
  thus they were greeks , and roman citizens , or romioi . 
  the one is not excluding the other . 
  not only this , but the greek element in the area is ancient , especially in the coastal areas . 
  half or more of the ancient greek philosophers , mathematicians and poets come from this part and not peloponnese or athens . 
  homer himself was born in anatolia . 
  trying to say that all these people with millenia of history in the area diasappeared is inaccurate and politically charged . 
  which language did the romioi speak , was it greek ? 
  this is really majestic !, 
  what does it matter brother , a small theme , if the byzantine empire is to rise again ? 
  turkey has violated the lausanne treaty on so many important cases ( [ pogrom of istanbul greeks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istanbul_pogrom ) , depopulation of [ imbros and tenedos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imbros#between_turkey_and_greece ) ) that it is utter hypocricy to make claims over a non-issue just to show-off . 
  them being gypsies guarantees that nothing will happen no matter how many fancy words you put in front of it . 
  they have nothing you can take from them ( do you think those fancy cars are registered ? ) . 
  police hates getting involved in anything gypsy related , courts alike . 
  at best other restaurants will be prepared and police will scare them enough from commiting it again . 
  this is true . 
  still , the push for austerity has hiked the taxes so much that virtually no investment ( endogenous or exogenous ) takes place in the country at the levels required to see any substantial growth . 
  moreover , those deductions come with a holiday period ( nowdays we are paying 5-6 bn on average on interest rate ) , in 5 years we will have to pay 20-30 bn on interest rate . 
  i guess the investors know about this , and know that no permanent solution has been found yet .
