  you are hitting the nail on the head in terms of economic competitiveness and small fiscal transfers between eu countries , but i want to hear your opinion on the following : * how is the debt going to be paid ? 
  * how is greece going to be supported in the first years ? 
  * should greece remain in the eu nonetheless ? 
  the answer is simple : the budget of the state is primarily balanced . 
  this means that all state expenses ( not including the debt ) are covered by state revenues . 
  the problems are really ( from a macroeconomics perspective ) 1 . 
  debt servicing . 
  if eu stops lending us to repay our loans ( mostly to itself ) , we would default . 
  as long as they do , nothing happens . 
  low investment . 
  this is the slow killer . 
  public and private investment are smaller than needed . 
  thus few new jobs and anemic if not negative growth . 
  the country is also facing a type of oblivion and loss of intent , after all the suffering . 
  why was it a positive one ? 
  if it was because each nation got its own country , then it 's continuing on the same road ( the tetovo albanians do n't deserve their own sovereignity ? ) . 
  the initial comment was `` wipe an entire country from the map '' , which was exactly what was going with the us and the balkans . 
  or was there anywhere a unitiment of countries ? 
  thanks sincerely for the articles and description . 
  my argument is not that it does not happen now , but that it was always like this but no-one was paying attention , or at least the mass-media was not reporting it so blatantly . 
  and i was more about divide and conquer ( thus nation and state-building ) rather than contradictory viewpoints in policies . 
  now , on what you are saying . 
  i do n't want to downplay it . 
  maybe it is like this , but you have to remember that most of the ones reported in the media are the generals and chiefs of staff of the previous administration clashing with the incoming one . 
  i would be more scared if there was no change of policy or clash of interests . 
  moreover , the rhetoric of trump ( e.g. 
  with japan ) serves a purpose : to remind that if you want to be protected , you have to do business with us in a way that we find acceptable . 
  now , you might not like this way of bargaining , find it unappealing or unacceptable , but i would be a bit reluctant to call it inconsistent . 
  it is designed to look like it looks . 
  have you seen the [ massive investment ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/cdae8542-ed22-11e6-930f-061b01e23655 ) japan 's pm is promising trump ? 
  why is abe doing this if the relationship is broken ? 
  concerning the alternative facts , you are going to see more of this . 
  people are not listening anymore to the old orchestrated or let 's say stably positioned mass-media , so it is impossible to create an official story anymore . 
  it will take a few time for the new narratives to settle in this new era of turbulence , but it 's coming . 
  can you provide a source ? 
  i see alot of fearmongering , but little substance . 
  i have not seen a different policy than divide and conquer from the us , for decades . 
  the new us govt ? 
  you forget too easily the role of the us in the balkans for the last 20 years . 
  i would be surprized if this was not already in their plans no matter who runs the administrations as a figurehead . 
  but , i guess the people prefer a scapegoat rather than logic or history . 
  why do you think they float them in the first place if not to stir and ignite controversy ? 
  lukashenko has been regularly getting `` elected '' for the last 20 years with percentages above 80 % , while his opponents get 3-4 % . 
  i am not sure what he is , but he certainly does not represent an `` independent sovereign nation '' the way we understand it in europe . 
  [ un ] ( http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?newsid=52256#.wjyklbyrlpa )  `` the election process was orchestrated , and the result was pre-ordained . 
  it could not be otherwise , given the 20 years of continuous suppression of the rights to freedom of expression , assembly , and association , which are the preconditions for any credible competition , '', 
  ok , agreed on that , but misuse funds in the context of politics usually implies some heavy type corruption ( if it also `` makes the news '' ) . 
  this was the impression that i think many people got , from their comments reactions , and not some administrative misallocation that did not give him any profit . 
  i do n't know how corrupt uk politicians are , but for a balkan / greek politician this would be business as usual , or even elevate him to sainthood . 
  do you think the title does a fair representation , or that my original comment was redundant ? 
  the thing is this , for the first one there is no clear or condemning evidence in the article that we are commenting on . 
  the other three are conjectures based on additional information , not relevant to the article . 
  especially the one about tricking people is a bit horrendous . 
  how do you know you are not being tricked , if similarily the ones against your viewpoint did not know as well ? 
  the same crowd that was against brexit still is and the same crowd that is in favor of brexit still is in favor with no significant changes . 
  if you want to be literal about it . 
  it is funny though to accuse people as corrupt , scambag , charlatan , pot calling the kettle , in the comments . 
  is this accurate as well ? 
  to be honest `` misusing '' is not exactly what you think when you read the article . 
  they just paid the salary of one of their party employees with eu funds , while they should n't for this particular position that had national priority . 
  it is a violation , and they have to return the money back , but does not look like something unusual or more than an accounting or administrative error . 
  wtf , i love germans now ? 
  it might not be at the same level but is exercising influence on several countries ( or even political parties of european states ) , such as the slavic countries , the central asian republics , few countries in latin america , iran and syria . 
  and still an enormous nuclear power , that only the us can be compare against it . 
  it has the ultimate weapon at its hands . 
  i read polish-lithuanian-ukrainian bridge , and was ... wtf ? 
  for a moment . 
  i do n't think they followed the very best solution and it simply was not sufficient . 
  first of all money could be given for investments ( not salaries or pensions ) . 
  secondly the debt could be frozen until the gdp starts rising again . 
  thirdly this should happen for all countries that are overdebted ( and not only greece , no exceptions ) under the umbrella of eu ( part of the debt being serviced centrally ) . 
  that 's actually what a federation should do rather than watch in contempt . 
  mind you , i am not saying in any way that this is not a problem coming from greece at large , as well , and primarily in terms of responsibility . 
  but the whole situation has been quite a clusterfuck from both sides . 
  it is indeed , but few of these lended money went to the greek economy . 
  most went to repay the loans . 
  austerity happened because we had to balance our budget + pay some part of the debt . 
  usually a country 's loans are getting recycled with new lending , if the country is deemed creditworthy ( like for example japan or italy , which are similarly overdebted but their bonds are still acceptable ) . 
  when our bonds were degraded to junk , nobody was lending us money to repay our old loans . 
  so , eu stepped in and lended us a hefty amount ( under conditions and periodically releashable ) for this purpose . 
  a loan to repay loans . 
  plus now , we have to be taxed to hell in order to chip in as well to reduce the overall debt burden ( so the economy is contracting making the debt to gdp ratio explode ) . 
  no money went to investments , infrastructure , education , etc. 
  ( actually the budget for public investments contracted to save money for operating the country + private investment went down because most were afraid to put their money in a contracting economy ) . 
  i think someone summed it up nicely in a comment above . 
  your public appearance should make your identity and facial sentiments and expressions visible to other members of society . 
  the veil restricts that , you are anonymous , a being that does not relate , does not open to the rest of the community as we understand it in europe . 
  the scarf to my understanding does not do that , if your face is fully visible and you simply cover your hair , you are fine , people see you and your facial expressions . 
  you still have your identity and do not conceal it from the world in an asymmetric way . 
  why would the uk be treated differently than switzerland or norway ? 
  there is no long-term gain except some pety tactics to appear vigilant to other eu countries that might get similar ideas . 
  after 3-4 years , all this is forgotten and normality gets restored . 
  i find it hard to believe that some europeans think of the uk as some short of cuba against which evey punitive action is justified , while they play the role of the us big power . 
  while i see that you do n't want to be used , what makes you think that you will not or that you can in any sense voice this concern to the politicians ? 
  in the end , what would you ask for ? 
  do n't use me as a propaganda tool to achieve privileges for me ? 
  would you denounce a deal that is made in favor of you just because you were part of the political bargaining and rhetoric ? 
  how do you know that the other side is not using similar arguments and pressure to your government ? 
  there is no question that the us aerospace sector is also subsidized , whether more or on par is not so much into the argument , but that this was one of the defining reasons that the industry survived and succeeded in both continents . 
  i do n't see however , how your comment makes sense in industries where the national champions are already world-wide leaders .
