  [ figure 4 ] ( https://royalsociety.org/~/media/policy/projects/eu-uk-funding/uk-membership-of-eu.pdf ), 
  the easiest thing would be to check the total amount of grants being awarded to the uk throughout the past years and check if there is any strange data trend occuring after the referendum . 
  if there is something unprecedent ( say 20-30 % less grants approvals - and this variance is unseen before ) then this is worth investigating . 
  i would not be surprised however , if there was no visible difference found . 
  people tend to assign to various factors the loss of a grant and the referundum is a nice scapegoat , makes easy news and has a beautiful reinforcement feedback in the research community ( who was massively supporting bremain for various reasons - grants included ) . 
  please remember , that most of the money given to greece is from the eu ( efsf and esm mechanisms ) directly . 
  the countries had to vouch guarantees so that the mechanisms could sell bonds to the markets and then give loans to greece , portugal , spain etc. 
  a small percentage of money is actual bilateral loans between countries . 
  most are just promises if something goes wrong . 
  no government did budget cuts to pay greece or portugal . 
  this is a very erroneous understanding of the situation . 
  we piggybacked on the credit rating of eu which got a loan for its poorest members at the guarantees of all members . 
  money that ecb already `` prints '' and distributes to everyone according to its gdp ( except for greece ) . 
  the famous ( or infamous ) qe of mario draghi . 
  it is a very regular thing , i guess in other places as well , to ask for 1kg and the butcher to cut approximately so . 
  when he weights it and finds 1.152 kg he will ask you : should i let it ? 
  before the crisis , most greeks would say , yeah whatever , but now we have to pay debts and the 152g go to our revereed overlords . 
  it is our pound of flesh to our debtors . 
  i second that . 
  everyone is in haste to remark all that will go wrong with the uk after brexit but virtually nobody cares to address what is really wrong with the union and why people ( all types of people ) watch it with mistrust . 
  is it simply misinformation and propaganda , and the union is glorious to the well-informed and cool-headed civilian ? 
  or is there something rotten in the state of europe ; i remember a time when europe was something to look up to , or maybe i was misinformed ? 
  if you revert the units , you get the same result for the metric system as well . 
  in other news , why do you need so much precision when buying meat ? 
  oh , i agree . 
  but this is what finance has become . 
  speculative and dangerous . 
  so , if france is luring financiers , this is what it is hoping to get . 
  they are not going to come and install retail banking in paris , they already have lots of that . 
  is going to be trading funds , hedge funds and all sorts of speculative and dangerous funds . 
   was mostly aimed against speculation and the deregulation of financial markets . 
  well , what else financiers do except speculation ? 
  free market economy also means less regulation ( even though it has actually increased considerably after the crisis ) . 
  i can not see what is a bigger example of failure to reform the eu , on something that everyone agrees , than the one you just described . 
   designed by huawei in shenzen , manufactured in eu . 
  on the other hand this is how everyone manufactures any complex product . 
  he assembles parts that come from other suppliers that did also the same . 
  the larger the complexity , the more assembly sublevels you end up with . 
  please include greek polling as well . 
  one week before the 2015 greek referendum , polls were showing marginal victory for yes to the eu measures ( 51-53 % ) . 
  when the results came in we had a crash of yes ( 38 % ) and large victory for no ( 62 % ) . 
  all the pollsters were dumbfounded , claiming it is difficult to predict referendums and people were `` lying to them '' . 
  & nbsp ; how then a no , became a yes , is also another story . 
  \u0399 am up-voting you , but the link between anti-intellectualism and european experts is not exactly valid . 
  what is important for people , more than efficiency and effectiveness , is fair representation . 
  now , representation would be better if the smartest people for the job were actually the ones representing you . 
  however , this does not imply that merely implanting a smart person without any relationship to the democratic process whatsoever is a better alternative in the long term . 
  but the uk is actually giving this amount of money ( approximately ) . 
  the misleading part is that a lot of it return back ( but not all ) as subsidies , the rebate , etc. 
  the actual net number is closer to 100 million ( euros ) per week . 
  it is called thought police for your own good . 
   according to investigations iran financed the tv program trough offshore accounts and various tax havens , which is consistent with the irgc method during the sanctions lapse . 
  so , you really believe that they went through all this hassle of tax heavens to fund a tv program ? 
  this is no balanced view that you present . 
  the blaim and guilt is overwhelmingly towards podemos and iglesias . 
  receing money from a foreign country , through a dubious procedure ( or any procedure ) is a huge flag waiving above our heads . 
  indeed , but at their own choice with a straightforward way to revoke it if needed or decided by the people . 
  i do n't think the voters of britain care so vehemently about what is implemented as long as it is their own choice and not forced upon them by an unelected bureaucracy . 
  and this is what eu is ( and not become , it always was undemocratic ) . 
  leave now , why wait whole 11 days ? 
  / s just media being attention whores with catchy titles . 
  and why is this bad ? 
  most advanced european countries not in e.u. 
  maintain similar status , e.g. 
  norway or switzerland and they are not doing very bad . 
  we found the german . 
  you are now a moderator at r/yurop, 
  if the country does not grow in terms of gdp : never . 
  this is what it means `` unsustainable '' , you enter a death spiral . 
  interest brings more debt -  more debt brings more interest -  more interest drows more money out of the economy -  gdp falls or is stagnant -  debt grows as % of gdp -  nobody gets their money back . 
  are you sure that this was the decision of greece ? 
  the rest of european countries worried at that point ( 2010 ) that this would lead to lehman-like collapse . 
  the amount of unservicable debt would trigger the failing piigs as well into an unknown spiral . 
  greece is under the magnifying glass but the structure of the european economy connected through the common currecy creates a host of problems , the root of which is difficult to identify . 
  except the very dynamics created by this structure affect everyone at everytime . 
  nobody talks about this . 
  we have a common currency , custom-free area but nobody understands or cares to fix the way the regional economies are affected by such a platform of interaction . 
  it is like having one of the regions of austria failing ( in any domain ) and not thinking why did this happen , but putting the blame on them and telling them to go screw themselves . 
  how is exactly germany leading , except through informal channels ? 
  there is no provision in the eu for a `` leading country '' . 
  the union should be able to work without such a concept . 
  the fact that it needs one or people claming that it has alread one ( how ? ), 
  is worrisome . 
  i like how the past in their simulations is wiggly , up and down ( mostly up ) . 
  but the future is a nice soothing smooth line . 
  [ nicephoros gregoras : the greatest byzantine astronomer ] ( http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/10556790600737046?journalcode=gaat20 ) would like to have a chat with you . 
  i do n't know , did it ever conquer south italy ? 
  the `` clouds '' are actually smoke from the 2007 wildfires in southern greece . 
  one of the largest continuous fronts of fire was 12 km . 
  there does not exist such a threshold , officially at least . 
  it is simply an administrative height limit , which today is at 27m \u03bfr 32m ( with exceptions for industrial and infrastructure uses ) . 
  most of the highrises in greece were developed during the junta period , so there is also that if we are looking for scapegoats . 
  what ? 
  those are not related in any way . 
  there is simply legislation that prevents it . 
  before the introduction of height limits athens was building several highrises , with athens tower , the tallest among them . 
  and pillaging, 
  the fact that nobody seems to care does not mean that this undemocratic move did not set deep roots in the trust and compliance of greek people to their government . 
  this was a silly political move ( running a referendum ) , when you knew that nothing of significant substance would come out of it . 
  i even think sometimes that it would have been better to follow-through with the results and see what happens .
