  the full answer on the reasons behind the greek crisis was : * our government : 93 % * ourselves for not producing : 76 % * global crisis : 56 % * our entrance in ez : 41 % * the democratic system in the years after the military dictatorship : 39 % the full 300 pages [ study ] ( http://www.dianeosis.org/2017/03/tpe_2017/ ) , for anyone versed in greek ( this is page 166 ) . 
  greece wins this one . 
  obese , religious and not exercising . 
  checkmate atheists . 
  reeeemove , 1453 , never forget . 
  1821 will commence again . 
  well mate , the second one is considered the best gyros at the most important city of the western world . 
  thanks for the translation mate . 
  it is still quite insulding to refer to the defence minister of a neighboring country as a spoiled child on a diplomatic level and expect something good to happen ( despite of him being really a fucking idiot , to be honest ) . 
  that being said , why the hell did he make these idiotic statetements ( the head of the turkish army can land at imia/kardak whenever he wishes ) , to begin with , if not to start the provokation . 
  the whole point is completely null . 
  what would turkey even win on a strategic level if they got some rocks with 3 goats ? 
  i mean at least let 's fight for something worthwhile , this is ridiculous . 
  why is minor asia split so unevenly . 
  should n't it belong 50/50 to each country ? 
  greece is literally at the center of the axis . 
  just compare yourself to greece everyone . 
  let 's see how many will wear one from now on and the reactions . 
  i am sure people will remember . 
  \u03a4\u03bf exert dominance and control the energy and trade flows of the world ? 
  to drive your competitors into overspending ? 
  to make it a colossal undertaking to catch up , so that others will not even try ? 
  to give in to your contractors and your defence industry lobby demands ? 
  this could very well be a pr stunt , but there is something important coming out of it : * any european woman politician that will accept to wear a scarf in order to meet with a muslim figurehead will be reprimanded from the people . 
  this is not inline with the european values , and if some extremist does not like the sound of it , he should not be permitted to meet with our political leaders , men or women . 
  good point , but the nato countries have a combined population of 900 million . 
  under 1000 $ / year to protect yourself ( or to exert dominance ) does not sound especially crazy . 
  i believe this gives the opposite message , not enough people cared to show up ? 
  leave sweden alone !, 
   it 's not the listeners fault you get misunderstood . 
  the `` listeners '' meaning the `` mass media '' propagating this as a serious story and spinning it to no recognition . 
  trump speaks with no accuracy or specifics , but sweden on the other hand has a very serious problem . 
  but now you are all over news and the problem is exposed . 
  i do n't think people care more about his `` misrememberings '' than the real issue at heart . 
   fun fact : we cut our humanitarian aid in half in 2015 to pay for all these refugees . 
  we let millions starve to death so that a few thousand middle aged men can pretend to be children here . 
  pathetic . 
  this is really devastating , the value of eur or sek spent in africa or middle east is enormous , it 's hard currency , it can buy stuff that people need . 
  this guilt culture is leading europe into enormously strange path of bad decisions . 
  there is no much reporting on it ( at to what its effects have been ) , but you are escaping a bit the argument . 
  europe has been printing money and giving it to its largest economies . 
  you might be seeing the inflation of a bubble even without this , it happens all the time . 
  on the other hand this is largely how us got out of its dire situation in 2008 ( and this is what eu has been doing also the last years , it is the norm ) . 
  http://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/022615/why-didnt-quantitative-easing-lead-hyperinflation.asp no severe ( or even mild ) inflation was observed throughout , so dismissing it so easily is probably not wise . 
  btw , europe is printing money in the tune of 60 bn eur/month to avoid deflation . 
  you know that the ecb is printing some shitloads of euro every month - ca 60bn , through qe , the vast amount of which is going to its largest economies , right ? 
  ok , let 's say that you are right and the russians are bluffing . 
  why is russia doing this ? 
  what is their endgame ? 
  it could very well be the case , but this is not what was mainly argued here . 
  it was whether russia had any tangible reason for feeling threatened or just acted out of the blue to scare romania . 
  is poland also in the ballistic flight path ? 
  europe has all rights to protect itself against any threat , russia included , but making this about `` iran '' is a bit diplomacy talking rather than reality . 
  not really , the original title said ** power ** , which is correct . 
  energy means all forms of it ( transportation , industrial generators , building installations etc ) which surely are not at 90 % levels ( that the article never claimed ) . 
  this is great but remember : the title is misleading . 
  this is new electrical power installed , not `` energy '' . 
  the op also changed the title . 
  i think there are two main ways : * either enter a multi-speed europe ( europe with two eurozones according to the competitiveness of each ) . 
  this way the richest part can fund the poorest one in a cheaper way without risking contagion . 
  * or increase fiscal transfers withing the current eurozone . 
  this could be the way you described ( increase spending in germany ) or to avoid trust issues direct investment in the countries that are poorer ( e.g. 
  the ecb/eu funds / subsidizes such `` foreign '' investments instead of giving all the money directly to the country ) . 
  both have their issues , and the final goal should be convergence and/or federal union , or else we will sooner or later run to problems again if we base our efforts only on regulations and economic performance . 
  there has to be a vision . 
  i think we are saying similar things for the same problem . 
  it would be unfair to suggest that germany has a succesful economy only due to the common currency and vice versa for greece and other countries . 
  there are additional fundamental reasons besides the currency . 
  what is worrying for the currency is not that some more advanced economies have a larger income and less advanced a lower income . 
  this is normal and acceptable . 
  but , that the destabilization was so enormous that the least advanced economies practically defaulted - no private lender - instead of just being poorer . 
  the volatility got higher . 
  and worringly this effect will continue if production and capital shifts from country to country so fast without any concern on the effects it has on people on a globalized world ( i guess subconciounsly the rise of nationalism represents this fear in the minds of people ) . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  stop being a bully . 
  but this works both ways , the fact that germany dominates an industry at competitive prices means that no other country will feasibily try to enter this market without even having the advantage of starting with a lower-quality product but at least at a cheaper rate . 
  that is the gist of it . 
  it is called [ optimal currency area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area ) theory and illustrates the pitfalls of a currency union between areas with diverging economies . 
  the solutions usually are : extreme mobility , or significant fiscal transfers between the areas . 
  in essence a union where all countries try to reach convergence despite the temporary economical burden . 
  i would implore you to read the article before starting to accuse people . 
  well , reading the first paragraph of the article makes it quite clear , do n't you think so ? 
   russia views romania as a nato outpost and as a threat due to it hosting elements of a u.s. anti-missile shield , the interfax news agency reported on thursday , citing a russian foreign ministry official . 
   the ** u.s. military , which says the shield is needed to protect from iran , not threaten russia ** , switched on the $ 800 million romanian part of the shield in may last year . 
  another part of the shield is due to be built in poland . 
  i wonder when romania started becoming a threat for iran , do they share a border ? 
  or is bulgaria an iranian puppet maybe ? 
  the weak euro means that german products are cheaper outside eurozone as well , where other eurozone countries export also . 
  if an indian company is importing , why would they choose a portugeuse product that has a similar price over a german product ( let 's say of higher quality ) ? 
  the weak euro from your perspective is an excessively hard euro from the viewpoint of the less competitive countries . 
  their products seem absurdly expensive to outsiders compared to a german one . 
  it is not the only contributor of success of the german state , but the current design of euro favors enormously the most competitive economies that happen to be the northern european ones . 
  it is not germany that is to blame per se , but the fact that they are better than the others ( in the same currency ) . 
  i see now that by major bank they mean rothschild . 
  is this true , or fake news ? 
  why would they accuse him for working for a major bank ? 
  \u0399 find the last answer the most intriguing . 
  it has been a long journey , the one in the eu , but the last years sovereignty has been almost nonexistent . 
  it is difficult to answer the traditional way ( pros and cons ) because self determination comes foremost from within . 
  but i guess it might not be long before we know the answer .
