  we had ukti try and poach us to come over there both edingburgh and london , i do n't think it gets any press but lots of firms have stealthily moved over already . . 
  they did tell us though that they did n't expect brexit to happen when we ( specifically our firm ) last met those guys, 
  this way of looking at it does n't help much i mean with the exception of spain most countries are small population wise , it 's difficult to scale a health service and have it be efficient at the same time . 
  it 's difficult to do that with over hundreds of millions of people . 
  free markets is the most efficient way bro . 
  this is a ridiculous statement . 
  the highest life expectancy is in monaco and its by quite a significant margin and it has nothing to do with culture . 
  japan has the highest life expectancy next , in east asia and they 're hardly lack a ` violent culture ' if history is any indication . 
  on conformity there is n't a quantitative way to judge that . 
  you know even with your link it shows there is a net benefit to the uk , if you dive down the pdf they 've taken costs of the royals out of other royal 's members estates without counting in their own estates , the benefits of which are n't tabled against the crown estate 's contributions , and even if matched against it including those expenditures as distorted as the data is , its still a net benefit to the uk . . 
  you mean steal the land without compensation ? 
  so instead of treating someone as an equal , which is the argument of a republic , make the person less than equal ? 
  no it has not ? 
  if you look at this in africa , russia or every other country that has taken down its monarchy or even having gone through the acts of seizing lands * alone * it has been terrible or catastrophic . 
  in the case of zimbabwe it may be said it is politics , but the prime changing factor in the decrease in the state 's wealth was the seizure of land without compensation . 
  you realise europe is full of monarchs right ? 
  co-princes *, 
  this is why you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  in order for concorde to land in ny from paris they had to pay massive fees for flying supersonic on the us ` territory ' , by that meaning the sea . 
  not sure how this fits your theory of regulating supersonic flights over population centers , or its relevance . 
  four ? 
  yes they have their problems . 
  yet the only aircraft that fits the bill of the law are civilian aircraft , only concorde matches this bill , it 's introduced 3 years after concorde was announced and 3 years before it hit service . 
  it is single handedly targeted at concorde anyone with a brain can see that , even up to today it is still the only aircraft that fits the bill . 
  extensive testing yes , yet those us government planes still flew . . again why was concorde still charged fees when it transited trans-atlantic ? 
  if you 're american take your nationalistic pride out of the picture and think for a moment , do you want your flag waved or do you want supersonic travel ? 
  ask your countrymen . 
  they are the ones who said they do n't want to be fully western but people in the middle . 
  how can this not be clearer ? 
  i did n't answer the poll, 
  this is what i keep saying ask people around you , they are making the alignment not me . 
  why do they say they are only half to the west ? 
  i thought only 1 actually ended up in service ? 
  i ca n't imagine why they get rid of these . 
  i can imagine billionaires having a use for them and the economics of fuel have changed since those days . 
  i dont see the backpedalling . 
  you yourself have said you agree with the sentiment that slovakia 's eu membership is a good thing , this is not the same as 80 % aligning with european values . 
  you can ask whether ukraine is geographically ukrainain and it is . 
  on the mindset though you ca n't deny countries in the east are conflicted on whether they are european . 
  yes you have people there who do align that way but there are people who are n't too . 
  this is what i am saying . 
  this is why the poll shows this and its half the reason ukraine went to war . 
  i ca n't say whether slovakia in particular is european only you guys can do that , as with the ukrainans . 
  they tried to say they were european and they ended up as today for doing it . 
  you might be surprised to know there were people in ukraine against it as much as there was external interference from russia . 
  the point is people are conflicted they dont it accept 100 % on ideological terms . 
  you ca n't say this for other european countries such as austria , france or spain . 
  so you deny the result ? 
  this is a poll , there 's a question and there 's an answer your countrymen have chimed with . 
  i 'm curious why you think its cherry picking , its not as if there was some other question asked that made the result different . 
  at first you denied as if it even existed on the page , so i pasted it . 
  i paste it and you say i cherry pick , lol accept reality if some people in slovakia dont feel european you cant force them to . 
  i brought this comment up because you 're saying ukraine has a question of european-ness , which is the basis for our conversation . 
  then i bring this poll up and you say oh slovak is in europe , but how can people have an idea to be out of europe and im showing that europe means more than geography . 
  turkey is in neither imo even if istanbul is truly ` in the middle ' . 
  by this i dont mean slovakia is n't european im saying our conversation is talking about the ` europe ' in the sense of ideal not the one of geography . 
  slovakia is in europe by geography , whether it is in the europe of the mind is up to you guys , not people in other eu countries , or me for that matter . 
  tldr im clarifying we 're talking about europe of the mind not of the geography . 
  im not saying slovakia is n't european . 
  where i say this ? 
  you guys say you are not european and not russian . . what is with you i 'm not on some crusade against slovakia . 
  and im not against ukraine either . 
   the poll showed that more than one half of respondents wants to be `` in the middle '' of the west and the east ( 51.8 percent ), 
  in the poll they say they do n't identify with the eu or europe . 
  i 'm a bit confused , the ` europe ' we know is an institution of values . 
  you can say russia is in europe ( the continent ) . 
  i 'm confused are you saying eastern european countries are in europe in the geographical sense or in the cultural sense . 
  in this sense turkey is ` european ' too . . 
  beautiful aircraft if im honest . 
  i do n't know whether it counts , only one really was used and even so not really . 
  i dont feel you are more russian than european . 
  i get the idea you feel you are n't european , or are n't russian . 
  which is why i brought up the issue with ukraine . 
  the truth is it 's not that airlines are n't moving to a newer model . 
  its the same model they 're just going after margins now . 
  it could be that they all use 737s or they do a point to point , or they 're ` low frills ' . . 
  it 's that the point to point market is less served and has higher margins . 
  the airline industry has terrible margins , most people compete on price and there are just 2 main manufacturers of aircraft in the ` jet ' category without much differentiation . 
  http://spectator.sme.sk/c/20143253/slovakia-is-neither-pro-russian-nor-pro-western.html?piano_t=1 i thought you would know about the poll . 
  there are lots of things your government is doing that are against the eu . 
  it does n't say slovaks are pro russia , but it shows there is an ideological conflict because of russia . . say austria would not have such a conflict . . 
  what is wrong with across oceans then ? 
  why did heavy fees have to be paid cross atlantic ? 
  the us made but never finished those aircraft because us carriers did n't want to buy them . 
  at the time there was a terrible downturn due to fuel prices and efficiency mattered more than speed . 
  the concorde had this issue too . . but it was n't restricted to concord it was all airlines on the issue of fuel . 
  but we 're not in that time period anymore . 
  shortly after the us did this stunt of theirs airbus started making boeing equivalents . 
  even today aircraft purchasing is very ` patriotic ' dare i use the word . 
  there is n't a single airbus a380 used by a single american carrier . 
  that 's not to say other carriers do n't use it to the us . . 
  why should china have this exception of whether the west likes it or not , the point the ` west ' makes is its up to each of these areas to do what * they * want to do . 
  not for others to decide like china or the west . 
  that 's the problem with crimea and the ukraine issue . 
  if they chose to be a part of russia in an actual fair referendum there would be less to complain about russia . 
  well i do n't mean insult , they had a poll in one of the slovenias ( or slovakia ) despite them being in the eu they see themselves more as russian . . 
  i was n't saying ukraine was russian i was saying there 's a conflicting sentiment with these countries . 
  in the south china sea they 've had quite a bad temper . 
  they also did n't behave well when it comes to the question of hong kong 's independence . . 
  they want to put nuclear plants on those islands that they built in other countries territories .
