salaries in kenya are n't that far off from somalia , one has to be careful to look at the recent gdp rebase their economy did too . 
  i 'm not convinced that they are policemen in the sense , it is just the word they are using so as not to imply colonialism or political interference . 
  i do n't think the commission uses the eu 's wages to base on the external decisions . 
  they probably just look at what the un pay in africa in general ( the eu funds  1/3 of the un anyway , more than the us just in case thats relevant ) if the backstory is understood they are basically mercenaries and called policemen in somalia . 
  they do n't have a functioning government so i suppose there is no other option if there is n't an official un mission there . 
  what other way is there of making sure its safe enough for refugees not to leave ? 
  the other thing is the amisom mission were marked off as corrupt a few months ago in smuggling things out of the port of kismayo ( somalia ) . 
  they would n't be paid average . 
  the kenyan soldiers in somalia they are replacing were paid $ 800/m + about $ 200/m per soldier in admin expenses , a total of about $ 1028 per month [ 1 ] . 
  if they are all paid that on average thats 7m a month , or 83.8 m a year . 
  a bit of backstory , a few months ago kenya had a dispute with the eu because they wanted to use some of these soldiers in burundi ( which has a bit of a war going on atm ) , in addition with news the soldiers were smuggling charcoal the eu was not happy with kenya refused , kenya withdraw its soldiers ( amisom ) from somalia in solidarity with the current burundian government , the eu pulled its funds to express its displeasure and are now using these somali ` policemen ' to replace these withdrawn soldiers . 
  why they want stability in somalia - to ensure the horn of africa sea region has no pirates , and to prevent refugees coming up to the eu , a significant proportion of eu refugees are somalian . 
  [ 1 ] http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-36624520, 
  also kohl has created the situation european disintegration is very difficult , everyone is stuck with us . 
  we 're very averse to having us against the rest of europe again . 
  i dont know i think it has worked well for germany so far with the euro at least economically speaking it is quite dominant . 
  i do n't know whether it is a good thing for everyone though . 
  france wanted it because of the trade deficits and they did n't expect us to put in a growth and stability pact . 
  to be honest the issue of the euro and france is still in the air and eventually will need to be resolved . 
  at the moment france is not competitive in the sphere of engineering , it is near the only european country where car production is declining . 
  eventually they will need to review the euros issues , that 's when it becomes a faustian deal ( for us maybe ) . 
  france agreed in exchange for us to use and share the euro, 
  part of the problems , at least as i understand it , with globalization are the lower wages having free market access to the countries which have high wages . 
  the anglosphere has largely the same amount of wages , so the wage pressure would n't be there . 
  it would be competition among other comparative advantages . 
  it could actually be quite a sustainable thing , imagine a trade agreement between canada and the us ( without mexico ) . 
  with mexico it is arbitraging the wages of the us and canada down and mexico up . 
  there is a way in which globalisation can be properly i guess , i think the eu is a good model but we should encourage countries with trade or something to increase their wages in line with a lower boundary before they join our union , we do do this , but i guess the workings can be skewed using accounting tricks . 
  he does n't have to fix the world problems , as snarky as we can get we have to consider the possibility he fills in posts with the people who do . 
  still this is not carte blanche for how juncker acts , we are on the losing end because we have initiated it . 
  he is pompous and can escalate it, 
  for a career politician it should be his advantage to not do so . 
  the job is dealing with people . 
  it 's not wrong to treat someone that way , it 's just nothing will get done . 
  their migrants are our problem . 
  if they entered legally its a different story . 
  southern europe could be much worse than now . 
  if they had a marshall plan would it not be better for us , there 's more trade in it too . 
  i get the feeling you 're trying to tell us something, 
  its hard when a brit says it ` innit ' ? 
  this should be the right way , a % of the budget seems a bit off . 
  the other is looking at total debt as a % of gdp . 
  there 's a good idea of how much it can be repaid when looking at inflation and gdp growth . 
  3 days, 
  well if they say something and they 're called stupid and ignored , that 's what happens . 
  we have to remember its a democracy and they have a vote . 
  everyone who wanted/wants a brexit is an idiot/stupid , which is still the meme , we forgot those guys have votes , the least we could do/still do is ask why they want le pen or brexit and stop labelling it populism, 
  france 's system isnt like america, 
  if you follow the foreign perspective view they were angered by the accession talks of ukraine to the eu . 
  that could have been better managed , but the answer is certainly not guns . 
  we 're not americans and what we are doing is working and has for a long time , we 've benefited immensely . 
  it was never pax americana , it was pax europa - we were n't the ones going to war . 
  the solution is n't guns its foreign policy . 
  it 's using our heads , not bullets . 
  i 'm a bit confused ? 
  are we even close to a conflict ? 
  it is like warmongering or trying to indulge in eu patriotism . 
  thank god i 'm half swiss and its neutral and not a party to the eu eastern countries . 
  i do n't think the russians want a war either btw , no one does . 
  i know where you 're coming from in terms of the logic behind of an eu army , it just shrivels my guts to its core . 
  i do n't feel european at all thinking of the idea . 
  why do we need one ? 
  we 're in peacetime playing the prisoner 's dilemma . 
  why are n't we continuing to pursue our policy of peace , which has been largely successful . 
  it sounds more your reasoning is based on listening to everyone 's concerns then regardless press on with it because a chauvinist reason in the eastern states . 
  some people just do n't want one . 
  we 're happy ( i do n't actually believe that chart above will match sentiment in my town well ) with things the way they are , without one . 
  go away, 
  under the legal definition the people fighting for isis are syrians . 
  they just do n't represent the syrian government . 
  such a situation can exist , they can just be considered the opposition . 
  on a legal basis the british government can just ditch their duties to them , since they have pledged their allegiance to the syrian opposition government . 
  can we ask them to put a french flag on it at least ? 
  to show its now french . 
  but syria is , it does n't have to be isis , if you 're going along this logic on legal lines . 
  they 're also isis citizens ? 
  you can lose your british citizenship if you join a foreign state . 
  the british government have no obligation to help you if you also pledge allegiance to a foreign state . 
  this is bad , they 're citizens of isis now , its a bit like kidnapping them to go to a country they do n't believe in , its a bit of a sham . 
  a few years ago they used to capture pirates and try them in us courts , which is a bit silly and extrajudicial . 
  they gave up their citizenship when they became isis citizens ? 
  - . - i am so stupid , what else would it have been, 
  what is 420 ? 
  actually romanians in italy are the largest at 1.2 million people , followed by poles in the uk at 0.9 m. 
  i 'm not sure brits take all ees as poles btw . 
  they just set them out as poles or eastern europeans if they ca n't identify them as poles . 
  brits are quite particular about identifying their foreigners , an indian is for example a gujarati and not just an indian . 
  the large number of poles in the uk does make them a target for anger at ee migrants though, 
  im going to join them soon . 
  i 've practiced my english on reddit for months now so i can blend in without second thought . 
  it is better to say thank you even if the waiter does n't expect it . 
  it depends where you are but often you can just ask for you want and get it . 
  it does n't look very good to a non german though . 
  some countries enforce this very strictly , there are lots of scams that can be done with reclaims ( i am aware of people who do this btw ) . 
  more recently they 've been getting strict on enforcing requirements . 
  it 's actually not possible to just ignore it and use a foreign subsidiary btw and not transmit the full vat back , its actually illegal . 
   otherwise , they 'd just directly use american companies . 
  how do you process payments in another country without paying their vat ( european sales tax ) ? 
  google would n't be allowed to trade in germany . 
  do n't forget this is legally mandatory for sales in the eu .
