  i assumed on the polls in eastern countries on whether they view themselves as russian or european was more decisive than us deciding for them . 
  agree with you wholeheartedly . 
  there are some americans that do the same ( tech billionairs & taxes ) , but russia is a bit over the top with corruption . 
  they 're our neighbour though , we ca n't ignore them for decades upon decades . 
  it 's against our self interest , there needs to be something better than escalation . 
  there is only 1 aircraft that fits this description , even up to today ( civilian aircraft that can go above mach 1 ) . 
  the usa was not happy about concorde at all : http://elr.info/news-analysis/3/10067/faa-promulgates-strict-new-sonic-boom-regulation look at the date too !, 
  and also how sudden bans came about on sonic booms over countries territories and very high fees to do so if there were n't bans - hence the unprofitability contribution . 
  are we not doing this with china ? 
   ukraine is a european country ? 
  i can take this , ukraine can become european . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that , if they adopt european values . 
   it 's more of a tough competition try building a nuclear plant in china and lets see our trade relations as equal . 
  it is not about competition , they take advantage of the freedom here and we ca n't buy anything big there or invest in major projects there . 
  they 're building a nuclear power plant in the uk btw . . 
  ukraine is a european country ? 
  anyway i do n't want to argue that point i want to argue how russia is bad , yes but the policy is hypocritical . . with china , they 're the same if not worse as russia , they 're doing the same things in the south china sea taking territory for more than 1 country , an entire south eastern bloc !, 
  they do n't have freedom of speech , they have hostile trade policies with the eu , can an eu citizen buy up chinese companies the same way they can buy ours ? 
  the reason they 're not the enemies to us , is there 's a monetary interest in the relationship . 
  the escalation started before all that . 
  if you had said during the financial crisis , oh russia is going to be our enemy now most people would n't believe it . 
  we do n't share values with the chinese and yet we do n't have sanctions on them . 
  they 're honestly worse than russia . 
  trading a lot with them so there 's interest in cooperation . 
  as said once before , culture divides us , trade unites us . 
  it is better to be reliant on each other than arming against each other . 
  taking away syria what is even the reason for escalation over the past decade ? 
  it started with some homophobic issue over adopting children - how does that become a proxy war , a nuclear escalation and sanctions ? 
  wth is wrong with everyone . 
  the opposition is from the same party ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  he 's only been in opposition just recently but the essence of the system is hell be there for 5 years . . whereas bernie stopped fighting when he lost to hillary . 
  the entire systems are different its like apples to oranges . 
  this is what im trying to convey , there is n't much similarity if you look at it closely . 
  the idea of opposition in the us is more to a checks and balances system in pitting a lower house , an upper house , the executive and the judiciary all against each other . 
  i would also point out ethnically the americans are more german , and irish than they are from the great british isle by a long shot . 
  i can understand the other 4 in the 5 eyes a bit closer but the us is quite easily the most distant . 
  the reason ties are great is just the amount of us companies there are in the uk its a relationship of heavy heavy trade . 
  could i ask you who the opposition is in the usa ? 
  who is the equivalent of jeremy corbyn to obama . 
  i ask this because you mentioned common law but there are differences right from the core . 
  are you trolling , i know of many brits who would be insulted to be called the same people as americans . 
  the cultural/ethnic ties may be similar but they 're not at all similar in terms of culture . 
  there is alot of trade between the uk and us in terms of fdi both ways , it is not the same thing and people do n't want it to be the same thing . 
  there 's a reason most brits ca n't stand tony blair . 
  you realise a strong eu is about the only thing that can outcompete the us in terms of being a superpower ? 
  the only reason they would like increased defence spending is because all the products they buy are primarily out of us for the most part , such as the f35 . 
  in terms of where the bulk of the money goes its not in the eu . 
  remember what happened to concorde ? 
  why they were against the creation of airbus ? 
  why would they be against these things yet encourage increased spending ? 
  solid logic for including everyone else . 
  if russia , turkey or ukraine had eu like values they should be very much welcome . 
  not countries that are just small for the sake of it , just because they amend their laws and on paper appear to match with the eu . 
  have you heard of corruption in montenegro ? 
  that certainly makes it ok . any country small enough , it 's all right its small . 
  the values do n't matter . 
  is that it ? 
  the eu is built on values not territorial expansion . 
  wtf , ok fuck the uk but where the hell we 're letting montenegro in now ? 
  the eu needs to stop growing and consolidate it so its there 60 years from now, 
  this foreign workers list idea is so stupid if anyones honest . 
  i 'm all for transparency but this seems to send the wrong message . 
  croatia is an absolutely beautiful country, 
  one moment you 're a brexiter and now you 're a ` european ' ? 
  unfortunately farm sounds like arm . 
  let this not be a pretext for the future , as it was with the first ` brexit ' in the 15th century . 
  oh right , i should have noticed that . 
  sometimes i lose track of conversations on reddit because its a bit longer than a normal conversation it was n't on my mind immediately . 
  i wonder where the cash will go when investors head for the exits . 
  it is quite a confusing thing to imagine, 
   people are now forced by zero interest rates to dump their money markets in search of higher returns , and at a higher risk . 
  this is what the dream is of every major central bank governor . 
  yet these people just prefer more and more negative risk . 
  in a capitalist system you assume people will behave rationally and they are but it is having adverse effects . 
  i 'll explain why . 
  these people are buying bonds , not return on interest . 
  the more negative interest rates go - the more returns they get from their bonds which are priced inversely & go up . 
  it 's a bubble waiting to pop . 
  this premium of liquidity has effects on the real economy and real businesses end up behaving irrationally . 
   consider yourselves lumped . 
   what it means lumped ? 
  who am i lumped with, 
  if you do n't invest you do n't have that consumer spending return and if you do n't have consumer spending you do n't have the need for investment . 
  it 's circular reasoning . 
  but those trade deficits have accumulated so much they as the collection of savers hold a quorum on that choice . 
  it 's not just chinese btw you can lump us germans in there much as well too . 
  there is a place in treasuries in real estate , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  the issue is the investment is overcautious and overly row risk . 
  it does n't work out well for chinese savers either as they do n't really get a good return on investment with these low yield instruments . 
  capital is flowing from a country with high interest rates to low interest rates , it 's running ` uphill ' and against the rationality of economic theory . 
  that 's not to say they should n't , they should , * but not overly risk averse * . 
  i assume it 's some kind of compensation for safety locally in terms of fund liquidity/transferability or something . 
  investment is the currently at historical lows , companies hoard their cash and buy back their stock and there are n't any * new * factories or means of production anywhere in the west . 
  chinese funds could easily be building new factories or means of production in the west , but they do n't do it they simply take over what people already have . 
  those people get their sale proceeds in cash and stash it in liquid form too - making things worse on the interest rate end . 
  the uk 's / france decision on hinkley was partly to recycle these trade deficits in a way where the allocation of capital was set to be something new . 
  as stupid it as it is , it 's actually a bit clever . 
  _ tldr _ : it 's coming back , but its buying assets , it 's not investing back into the country . 
  the mentality is an outcome of the prisoner 's dilemma , and yes it was involved in the real estate crash .
