  while turned a blind eye on for smaller firms theres no way google would get away with it . 
  that is why they are in ireland in the first place . 
  or they could charge vat from the usa ( and forfeit up to 23 % of the revenue ( worse paying corp tax ) by not being able to claim it back using a local subsidiary ) . 
  fun times . 
  the system was designed to accomodate that too . . 
   i 'll let you in on a little secret - google is american . 
  the only country with any claim to tax their profits is the us of a. 
  actually this is incorrect . 
  when google makes a profit in germany with its german subsidiary it owes tax to germany . 
  at the moment it uses transfer pricing to avoid it by licensing ip off its irish subsidiary through a sublicense . 
  in short tax avoidance . 
  this is why we have systems in place like double taxation agreements to ensure everything is fair . 
  not to sidestep all regulation through loopholes . 
  it ( google ) would actually get a tax credit in the usa to offset its tax liability there just fyi . 
  german companies get the same benefits operating in the usa . 
  the system was designed of being capable of dealing with multiple & wide ranging corporation tax rates . 
  the culprit is transfer pricing . 
   good luck with that . 
  it will happen soon or later ,, 
  according to the 1934 agreement of the league of nations ( the precursor to the united nations ) taxes were supposed to be taxed at the source of their profits [ document here ] ( http://www.uni-heidelberg.de/institute/fak2/mussgnug/historyoftaxdocuments/normtexte/voelkerrecht/v00016.pdf ) . 
  everyone agreed to those terms and they stand up to today . 
  what is done by your country is essentially incentivised transfer pricing . 
  the excuse on reddit has always been ` oh but they 're doing it ' , i 've seen you guys do it to british ( and apparently the ` city of london ' too which i looked it up is n't even involved ) , & to to dutch now . 
  i really believe this is true . 
  as someone who 's visited deep in the congo , we have it really good here . 
  and all people do is complain about it . 
  no one is ever happy with what they have . 
  poles are n't welcoming to non slavs , one mention of a single syrian refugee and everyone goes nuts . 
  they did n't mention sanctions in the letter sent earlier this month . 
  they just noted its one off and thats about it . 
  the commission does n't want to sanction you guys . 
  they noted the large expenses you have and attributed that they are ok with one offs due to the exceptional nature of refugees and earthquakes . 
  we all know its bs but it is an exception made for italy by the commission . 
  sha\u00fcble is n't happy with it . 
  who was the eurogroup 's president in 2010 when greece was going through its crisis ? 
  today it is jeroen dijsselbloem , i ask you to tell me who it was then . 
  now that you managed to find him , how did he get there ? 
  this is bad leadership , the latency in making solid decisions is a severe cost . 
  it is better for the eu to be what it is than to hide away because britain complains, 
  just so you know the eurogroup 's meetings are not minuted . 
  and btw its existence is n't coded in the treaties . 
  it exists informally , it even mentions this on the eu website : http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/council-eu/eurogroup/ the problem with this is yes decisions can be made behind closed doors and people outside will not know what is said agreed or disagreed . 
  they make statements but they do n't have to bear with what was agreed , and as there are no minutes recorded , even in private there is no accountability with the statements made . 
  or the ability for future eurogroup members to look back on previous meetings . 
  so as a matter of fact what that guy says is partially correct , particularly in regards to financial matters . 
  people have complained about this and as a result the only concession the eurogroup has given is to publish when their meetings are and a summary of what they spoke about . 
  this is just as of early this year btw , it does n't also yet make them accountable . 
  the other concession is they will elect their ` president ' . 
  you should respect people in general . 
  just because someone is rich or royalty or even someone you disagree with you ought to respect them . 
  it brings out the best character between ourselves , do not forget we are social beings . 
  works out well because the bbc can do more or less what they want . 
  they do n't need to buy support from politicians as much as other networks throughout the world . 
  to be honest you could use this statement with the united nations too . 
  it still means states act in their self interests . 
  i think it was the contrary . 
  he easily catches peoples attention with these little statements , then you have to read into his meaning and see he 's talking about something completely different . 
  it 's like free press . 
  if you swapped your statement with remainers and brexiters it makes more sense , himself being a brexiter after all . 
  it did n't go through because they threatened to keep greece 's debts in euros , meaning if portugal did it with the precedent they have , it could actually worsen the situation - since portugal would be paying debts that are valued more than in its new currency . 
  the whole benefit of leaving the ez is the ability to devalue your debts . 
  that is certainly true , the problem is with the mechanics of doing it , it is most certainly painful int the short term , the process however could mean the advantages of doing it could be lost . 
  everyone knows the new portugese currency will be weaker and try to profit off it , in the process it would be impossible to do ( the advantages of using it would be lost if everyone sells everything then buys it back later ), 
  there is precedent . 
  greece was going to use drachma but shauble did not permit them to default within the eurozone and did not permit them to leave the ez until the debts were paid . 
  there is an account of this by yanis varoufakis when he was negotiating against the troika, 
  to leave the euro people would sell all their assets and buy them back later . 
  it would spell disaster . 
  it takes time to print currency and introduce it . . 
  this is known for a long time . 
  the commission publicly gives france leeway with its deficits as an exception to the rule . 
  also italy ( saying they are ok with ` one offs ' for earthquakes and refugees ), 
  yes exactly what i think . 
  i also mentioned it just now in the reply to the other guy . 
  as for the other countries becoming uncompetitive , do n't forget they are in the euro by choice they prefer a stronger currency to competitiveness . 
  the british for example are taking a weak currency by choice at the moment , by forgoing frictionless german fdi . 
  they will get lots of advantage from this . 
   but it does n't allow them to make their goods cheaper by devaluating currencies . 
  it pressures them to keep wages low , which helps germany maintain its trade surplus . 
  if you ca n't devalue your currency as you 've pointed out you have to have deflation or pressure against wage going up . 
  it ends up similar to greece where german money needs to be used for bailouts . 
  this is where the problem is . 
  it 's not sustainable , that 's why they want a federated europe ( and central budgetary authority ) and we do n't since we 'll be paying for it . 
  i do n't agree it is screwing them . 
  it helps them pay for more than they can afford by overvaluing their currencies . 
  draghis policies are good but they have to be done using a weird share of national central banks loophole , meaning for any amount of cash injected into spain he must inject cash into germany ( which does n't need it , and severely harms us ) . 
  he is not allowed to just inject cash into countries that need it . 
  only in a certain respect , we have given up control and draghi is using a loophole for his qe program . 
  in short , the benefits may not last for ever without monetary cost for fiscal redistribution , or other countries may suffer greece 's fate ( which costs us long term ) . 
  they took crimea as ` payment ' for debts not paid according to the russians . 
  with inflation . 
  1 worthless east german mark could be swapped for a deutsche mark without question . 
  west germany also had to give up the deutsche mark and use the euro , for france to accept a unified germany . 
  as a result we still have to pay for this today since everyone uses the euro and its not controllable anymore . 
  i personally believe the logic has sense . 
  part of the eus freedom of movement was designed to prevent a another european war , at least according to our old chancellor ( kohl ) . 
  he believed he would do everything to make disintegration as difficult as possible and a bit of europeanisation to prevent war . 
  think of all the polish , germans , frenchman in the uk now . . 
  i do n't disagree with the logic though . 
  i personally believe in the nation state .
