  the problem i think is more a cultural one , people just do n't want to take risks . 
  there are some nice startups out of the netherlands too but berlin startups are outmatched by their british rivals , one example n26 vs monzo . 
  also your startup time and cost are n't correct or are dated . 
  the fee in the uk is # 12 and they post the the documents next business day . 
  its not 5 days unless your name is rejected . 
  what the hell i did n't expect this . 
  currencies can change up and down . 
  i 've also had a 9 % cut no one is talking about , do n't forget the euro has also weakened . 
  the euro is at the moment near the lowest its been in nearly 15 years , 1 more % down and its at the record level . 
  i 'm not happy about that , what 's the difference between this and the uk , 1 % ? 
  you guys have had a crash this year and we have to constantly worry about the euro , this is n't even the first time . 
  i remember the greek crisis like it was yesterday . 
  i 'm an economist myself so i think its best to look at the actual results not expectations , they 're always different . 
  thats google , its the same site its just blogspot uses your local countries domain , you 're in italy thats why . 
  i read all of yanis ' books btw . 
  it is quite horrible what has happened to greece . 
  i wish he would release those recordings he has . 
  he also had his list of nearly half a million tax evaders  eur 200k which something should have been done with . 
  the thing about feeling european is that right to move around and work . 
  if the change is n't too bad , something like you need a job offer letter to get your residence permit that 's not too bad . 
  if that remains that way i 'm not going to be pissed at the uk at all . 
  more brits actually go to australia than the eu for gap years work or a similar amount of them - which is quite something because australia is a country of just 23m people , anyway : they 've made their holiday working visa conditions a bit easier from the 1st of jan. 
  i do n't think that matters though , if i ` ts the eu its the eu , not much has changed there yet . 
  also how do you know it 'll change much ? 
  before the eu it was easy to move around anyway . 
  the only difference the eu brought about is you can live in another country being self employed instead of having a job offer alone . 
  if it just changed to something like hey you need a job before you go to the uk or eu . 
  would people even be as angry as they are now ? 
  its just we dont know what theyre cooking up . 
  its not that big a deal because at the moment nothings changed yet . 
  my parents went to work in england and switzerland before the eu existed when they were in their twenties . 
  you do n't seriously think the uk will be the only country in the whole of europe where no one can go back and forth without full papers like applying to india or something for a visa ? 
  how do you know for certain it 'll be worse ? 
  we do n't even know at this point if freedom of movement will just change minorly or completely , before the eu there was freedom of movement anyway except you needed a job first . 
  it 's not even that big a deal not enough to leave a country over . 
  after all you can get a job in the uk or in the eu ( as a brit ) before you go instead of after , its not much change . 
  to do better for your kids you have to get a good job today and work for them . 
  that 's actually in your control , politicians are in the sum of the masses decisions . 
  what if stuff does n't even really change that much for you to notice with brexit ? 
  what would all this anger now do , it would be a waste . 
  only double ? 
  i want to do the opposite i want to go there . 
  in 10 years we probably wont even know what brexit was , how can one make their life changing decisions on such short term circumstances . 
  if you get enough downvotes your comment gets hidden and then we can just say everythings fine and you 're on the fringe with your viewpoints . 
  is it really boris only ? 
  i saw a video yesterday of tony blaire apparently supporting turkey joining in 2005 . 
  if this issue can transcend decades like this why not just say no and keep it at that . 
  why is it so much to games , after all if a single country vetoes the entry turkey ca n't join . 
  why ca n't a country just say ` hey sorry guys , our official policy is this , we do n't want you in and it wont change ', 
  yes of course , but monetarily who pays , its just us . 
  how is that fair ? 
  what did we do to owe an obligation like that ? 
  that is true , but the anger element comes from the characterisation of greeks as lazy and germans having to be the ones to pay for their choices through a haircut - when like yanis they have no hair . 
  germany does n't want it , will never happen . 
  explanation : lazy greeks and all that . 
  i tried to keep it short . 
  tell me again why you guys are answering questions here ? 
  i was hoping for the politician, 
  i hate le pen , but i would n't like to see merkel take a 4th term . 
  people want more left , not more right . 
  i 'm just averse to any problem that needs violence to solve it , there is no shortage of ammunition in this world . 
  i guess i base all my opinions around this base . 
  it just cuts my guts to think of solving a problem that way . 
  there are other places that do those nasty things . 
  there are other ways to resolve it , sanctions , relief , humanitarian missions , aid . 
  we 're sending an army there , i 'm confused how sending bullets over helps as opposed to bandages . 
  if we were n't in iraq in the first place there would be no is either . . 
  there 's an independence movement in hong kong , we need to interfere to resolve it . 
  do you agree ? 
  we 'll be back to the 30 years war again for the same reasons . 
  when did it break the rules ? 
  we 're pretty good with staying in line or fixing the problem asap and not making deals to prolong the issue . 
  winter is coming, 
  could you explain it to me ? 
  i 'm not trying to be rude or anything . 
  but just give me a para that you think would chime with me , what is wrong now/before ? 
  i have n't seen a case cause an issue with the primacy of parliament . 
  i just dont get it . 
  after seeing trump elected there is obviously something im oblivious to . 
  thank you for your * opinion * . 
  tldr : no we are not there for that . 
  that is the bs you shove in our face to show you 're trying to be responsible . 
  you 've made it worse and have condemned the eu to break apart with that kind of logic . 
  there are ways to solve it without military intervention . 
  your logic is based on a indistinctive comparison . 
  we want a moral solution but that does not equate to military action . 
  i 'm not sure how bombing and ruining a country and millions of lives and slating them to refugees helps ? 
  that is the arrogance of your statement . 
  military intervention \u2260 solved the genocide . 
  perhaps you should learn from our european history before preaching it . 
  and again yes , the french mandate puts you guys there since there are remains of your legacy there which would be helpful to france . 
  such as gas exports from qatar that can be imported through the south of france . 
  you have an economic interest in this , not a moral interest . 
  dont forget the trade surplus with germany is absolutely collosal . 
  france wo n't be the biggest losers , we will be . 
  it has to be world wide to be effective . 
  otherwise people will get advantage and try to be out of it to hq their companies or find some loophole . 
  it does n't have to be in the international francophonie organisation . 
  you guys used to call it under responsibility of the french state when the ottoman empire fell . 
  it 's basically the mindset of your politicians since it is considered in your sphere of responsibility according to gaullism doctrine .
