  why is this posted so many times i dont get it . 
  it does n't shock me , its how its supposed to be . 
  people are elected to do things and powered by the vote . 
  unelected civil servants have no right to block or interfere with this , quite frankly it is an abuse of power and their office to do what this cia officer has done . 
  when looking at these things you have to look at it the other way . 
  what if there was a trump in the organs of government blocking merkel , and i can add that people encouraged this and said it was good and ok , including asking foreigners for help . 
  its still not good , i want my government to work and that requires they do what people who democratically elected ask them to do . 
  they have the freedom to vote but to have it overtly open to voice dissent in the actual cogs of government is n't really great for the job of government . 
  if civil servants want to voice dissent and disagree and feel strongly about their views they should just enter politics instead of working in government . 
  it 's absolutely crucial they 're impartial and just do what they 're told . 
  for trump or anyone elected to say ` get with us or go ' to anyone except another elected official is perfectly fine in my view & it should be so in any government . 
  the only exception of course being if you 're asked to break human rights laws from a superior as is laid out by the un . 
  having freedom of speech and being impartial can go hand in hand . 
  i thought civil servants were supposed to be out of the scope of politics . 
  i do n't know , you mean it is inaccurate in spirit . 
  the devil is always in the detail . 
  in the us 's case it is absolutely indirectly , there is n't a way to say it is direct - as bush vs gore & trump 's election shows . 
  similarly the ec has the power to deny a proposal as they are the ultimate rightholder in this case . 
  in spirit it may be what you say , but if you have a tyrant sitting there s/he holds all the cards . 
  with an economy based 43 % on exports yes , we have to become more of a consumer economy . 
  at the moment we bang our chests as a production economy , and yet the largest * net * consumers ( i.e inc imports ) in the world are the anglo countries ( uk/us/canada / aus ) and france . 
  brexit and this anti atlanticist trade policy is n't going to be good . 
  i hate this f # * @ but what he said was true and he even asked to be kicked out of the chamber if the chair could disprove him . 
  taking this pic is sort of just a meme, 
  its also had its fair share of stopping them . 
  the last major attacks were the tube ones nearly 10 years ago despite increased ` lone man ' attacks in continental europe in france , belgium and germany . 
  i do n't think we can question the effectiveness of their programme . 
  every few weeks they foil an attack quite silently and no one hears about it besides a small anecdote in the news on the day . 
  we 're starting to do surveillance here too . 
  you guys have all lost it focusing on the ` leasing ' , we 're living in a world where everyone does n't want to use nukes . 
  it 's best to have them in the cheapest possible way just to make sure you 're not bullied . 
  in the uks case it 's for the anglo/us partnership & it works well . 
  now it 's the age of * informational supremacy * which is what you should all be afraid of , and want partnership on . 
  that is the use of intelligence in the first line of defence . 
  ask yourself why the uk has managed to stop so many attempted terror attacks the past few years while on mainland europe there 's a struggle with this . 
  that is what we need , not nukes , to hell if you have those for namesakes by leasing or partnerships like australia/nz have under the american shield . 
  catalonia is the richest region is n't it ? 
  one of the reasons they want out is the wealth goes to the rest of spain and does n't stay in catalonia . 
  that 's why they feel they 'll be better off out . 
  oh right , i forgot about the recent decrease from the year prior . 
  ireland is wrong , it is between cyprus and portugal, 
  do you live under a rock or something ? 
  you ca n't even compare it to bavaria . 
  out of any independence movement in europe , catalonia 's is easily the strongest by a long shot . 
  ive seen this asked in many countries , but you never have to answer its always an optional question . 
  this is how they get demographic stats, 
  do you have more info on this ? 
  ive always heard of every route being frustrating ( im an assistant to hiring atm ) . 
  for a couple for instance a wife needs to also find the job ( not sure if this is the family route ) , but its not easy - the job also needs to pay above average . 
  it is actually very difficult to get anyone from india or pakistan to come to the uk easily , unless they 're super skilled and have the job , with more pay than anyone else , lined up before they arrive . 
  even if they 're already in the uk and studied at a uk university !, 
  on job hunts its easier to just pick eu citizens , shameless to say this is how i got my job . 
  its coming of as quite petty , ca n't we get our rights to work in the uk sorted sooner ? 
  there are a couple of things with this data which opens questions : 1 ) what about since 2011 , when the eu expanded eastwards ? 
  2 ) the main line item . 
  the difference accounting for the net negative is the cost of education is burdened on the parent and not the child . 
  if the child is accounted then their tax contributions net off against it and a truer figure emerges . 
  3 ) education costs have changed since the period defined . 
  is that not what has changed the results from 2011 . 
  again the bulk of the negative value is counting the burden of university education but not accounting the gains from it , once those kids start working . 
  i 'm not saying the report is wrong , it 's just there are lots of clear biases that can be seen clearly . 
  how can you cost university education on parents , then not count the tax benefits that education brings in ( by completely not accounting the figure ) ? 
  the simple fix for the correct figure is to charge education on the child and not the parent , and then use the figures from there , which would be the correct representation . 
  the way the data is given here intentionally hides this fact . 
  can you back this up with data ? 
  i can imagine migrants from certain parts of the world being extremely strong net positives vs the others , such as japan . 
  i 'm not convinced what you 're saying is accurate . 
  i do n't want to sound like that guy but while visiting the uk a few months ago i saw all sorts of eu workers doing building work and having under the book transactions , i.e not paying their taxes . 
  it is fair to say if you 're used to a culture where you 're integrating into the system you 're more likely to be a net benefiter . 
  i 'm not saying others outside the eu do n't do that , it 's just i think any hard working migrant is going to be a net positive for the economy . 
  they do n't have to be from our shores . 
  so half came from a pool of about 450m people and the other half from a pool of 6.5 billion people . 
  they should clearly sort out the other half to make it harder for the rest of the world and leave the eu part alone . 
  no wonder they think we 're fools . 
  the whisky in india is terrible as i understand it . 
  it does have a huge whisky market , though . 
  whenever i visit i 'm told to bring as much as i can in , and not from the airport duty free in india - no , i 'm told to buy it overseas and bring it in . 
  berlin is certainly chic that way for the hipster types . 
  it 's hard to build a startup there though the talent pool is a bit small . 
  the other benefit is rent but after a startup is funded the problems related to a startups skill and grit show up and thats where the cracks appear . 
  for getting a gang together and those initial stages its a nice place , but it lacks the entrepreneur 's spirit and risk taking ability like the other places such as london ( particularly w fintech ) , or sf ( everything else ) . 
  i 've seen berliners with their startups run away to sf as a result , the moment they start to do well . . 
  this is such a stereotype . 
  they only do this when they 're new . 
  they seem to like french a bit better . 
  we saw a startup get # 3m that does what we do . 
  we did eventually get our funding but i can not tell you how difficult it was & it took over a year . 
  instead of focusing where we should be this hit us very badly . 
  if anyones looking for an official reference : https://www.gov.uk/register-a-company-online, 
  the problem in europe is a cultural one , no one wants to take risks on startups . 
  i 've tried to look for startup funding ( in berlin , frankfurt and sydney ) and its a vanity project . 
  i watch over at the brits get it relatively easy with a bit of envy . 
  same with america but its a bit scary they way they fund such ridiculous projects there . 
  in america they 'll really go all out with funding . 
  in the uk they are still conservative but they 've tried hard to break that cultural barrier . 
  i do n't think though that a new financial epicenter will show in in frankfurt . 
  these things are built with human capital not the stroke of a pen . 
  as much as i 'd like to see it , we and the parisians have tried for decades to have our own financial centers on the world map . 
  i always think back to figures with these pr pieces that come up once in a while . 
  germany has a long way to go to become a startup hub .
