  it was n't racism as such , it never was , it was always xenophobia . 
  they know they can control immigration from asia . 
  lets not be coy , it ca n't be distilled to that . 
  thats stereotyping the problem in the typical fashion . 
  to lots of british these people are practically the same as them , preeti patel was even on the side of the leave campaign . 
  that place is depressing . 
  lets not kid ourselves , there are plenty but the irish one is the most accessible . 
  for example luxembourg requires a large amount of capital . 
  what does the uk have to do with it , it 's more ireland asking for states to help the commission understand that that is nonsense policy . 
  ireland would not want this more than the uk would n't . 
  if the uk is n't around i 'd expect irish government to veto it all the same . 
  this one is a shot at ireland pretty much , but i think they would stop it quite adamantly . 
  the eu is kind of a trade bloc and good things have come out of it . 
  the leather or the vacuum of space in between . 
  that 's why we 're in the eu we 're in this together, 
  i 'm german !, 
  who would have thought a few years ago everyone would be fighting for bankers, 
  hft was to decrease volatility . 
  firms had all sorts of incentives to prevent a repeat of 1987 . 
  this is n't a day to be proud . 
  its quite frustrating to see your comment . 
  i say this as a german , and no it 's not earned its stripes for me as a european . 
  they 've done it though ? 
  do n't forget italy already has the tax and france is very much in favour of it . 
  the brits were heavily against it and now they 're leaving . . 
  if everyone uses ftt its a level playing field , but then we all have increased volatility instead of just a handful of countries having it , that 's not a good thing . . 
  it makes the problem worse , hft was meant to decrease volatility , and the tobin tax increases it , for everyone now . 
  if the target is hft there are other ways to get at them such as making rebate pricing or liquidity incentives offered by the exchanges illegal . 
  if politicians really wanted to get rid of hft they 'd aim there . 
  they did it in italy , how is it crazy ? 
  everyone thought it was crazy then they actually did it . 
  now in italy they ca n't even judge how much they can raise anymore , as was the surprise at italy 's bond raise earlier this month . 
  we 've been talking about tobin tax for ages as would be suggested as a solution to the bundesbank 's problems , but there is actually proof that it increases volatility . 
  if italy is the sign of experiment it also agrees . 
  i do n't understand how this is the solution against hft , is n't there a better way ? 
  forget the cost , what about the volatility ? 
  this is deadly to the eu finance industry . 
  by that logic are the british not ~ ~ celtic ~ ~ ~ ~ scandanavian ~ ~ ~ ~ saxon ~ ~ ~ ~ frank ~ ~ ~ ~ norman ~ ~ french ? 
  canada is evil ? 
  would be absolutely fantastic to get an ama from yanis , i just read his book the weak suffer what they must . 
  lots of enlightenment of how the eu works behind the scenes, 
  and how it should be , damnit is a pound of chocolate worth less than a pound even good ? 
  it sounds like cheap chocolate . 
  i 'd assume the cocoa butter is replaced with margarine . 
  i do n't know , i get what you say but i do n't find it convincing in terms of the views of everything outside of ireland towards ireland . 
  you also had huge reductions in corp tax collection this year in the uk . . 
   ireland is in the eu , and ca n't be retaliated against . 
  they did though , you do n't remember the debt crisis ? 
  what about the eu forcing ireland to collect up on apple 's taxes ? 
  you ca n't hide the fact the other members do n't like your low taxes . 
  do you seriously think ireland could cut its tax to 10 % without causing problems with germany ? 
  the thing is the eu knows the solutions , the eu parliaments need more powers and the behind the scenes meetings like that of the eurogroup need less , proper eu institutions that can make decisions at the eu level and even be able to set taxes and spend on some kind of federal level , that is to say political union in short . 
  the thing is they need referendums to do this and everyone is just scared to do them . 
  that guy just proved the point , i mean you 're getting back at him and we 're just blaming each other . 
  switzerland is facing the guillotine clause because they 're at cross roads with migration . 
  and also we want financial passport access with some kind of quota or some limit on migration . 
  yes , this is why the navies move to having an aircraft carrier and means to defend it , before the navy would be the attacker and defender itself , the disappearance of the ` dreadnought ' class . 
  similarly submarines focus on icbm capabilities , meanwhile the latest weapons are hypersonic space launched missiles that hit their targets within an hour , even if they 're 12,000 km away . 
  sovereignty in the sea thousands of miles away is the plan dominated with air superiority . 
  what 's the point of a good navy , the reason everyone 's shifted is air superiority wins hands down , which is with the us air force . 
  would be cool to see what it is today , the financial crisis is just margin at 10 years . 
  can someone explain these , what 's it saying people move from light green to the purples ? 
  or is it the other way round . 
  if its light green to purple quite something that the purple ones are the big eu trade deficit nations , would have never imagined thats how capital is being recycled . 
  oh right . 
  i definately mixed that up . 
  i thought the eastern bloc were actually in the ussr . 
  i do n't get the downvoters , if one is simply to look at the empires before the british and frenchs the way they fell apart was terrible for the citizens of the country , usually 1/2 -1 / 5 would die due to the brutality the state would try to keep hold of power . 
  i 'm curious , have you seen how the ottoman , mughal , khanate , roman , mayan , aztec empires fell appart ? 
  do you know how many died there as a result of the top leadership ? 
  gorbachev is a patsy he deserves a nobel peace prize . 
  he of course had proper weapons compared to these previous empires and armies stronger than the lot put together . 
  gorbachev encouraged this tension because the ussr broke apart , it has to do with them being socialist . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslavia  the constituent six socialist republics that made up the country were the sr bosnia and herzegovina , sr croatia , sr macedonia , sr montenegro , sr slovenia , and sr serbia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia  it was a socialist state and a federation made up of six socialist republics : slovenia , croatia , bosnia and herzegovina , serbia , montenegro and macedonia . 
  in addition , it included two autonomous provinces within serbia : kosovo and vojvodina . 
  ok you win . 
  so yugoslavia came off badly not ` serbia ' when the ussr ended . 
  serbia of course is in yugoslavia so i do n't get your point . 
  i thought serbia came off yugoslavia which was in the ussr ? 
  also the wikipedia page mentions the ethnic rifts starting about 1980 and getting uncontrollable just when the ussr ended . 
  he could have done much worse , he deserves so much respect for doing whatever he did , it is a shame people try to desecrate that . 
  he had pretty much the worlds worst armaments and one of the worlds strongest armies at his disposal , if he wanted to do something he could easily do it . 
  the ussr fell off peacefully , france 's empires had the algerian war , the british had the mau mau thing ( though for such a huge empire its not so big in the big picture ) , the ussr had . . nothing they just let it go when they saw communism is n't working . 
  yugoslavia sfr ~ ~ serbia ~ ~ ( update ) was about the only ussr country that did n't come out peacefully through the yugoslav wars . 
  how was he involved with this ? 
  there could be lots of people in government doing that ? 
  i personally thought gorbachev was quite a good guy ? 
  the ussr let go of everything and called it a day like no other empire in history with him in charge of that . 
  it was peaceful ( besides what serbia did ) , that 's what i thought ? 
  he even sometimes critiques against what putin says sometimes, 
  if it makes you happy the company with the most market share of the bulk of euro clearing , lch clearnet remains anglo french . 
  whether its in the eu mainland or the uk does n't really change much as much as a soundbite . 
  their profits last year , including us operations , were # 110m . 
  the company will just be making profits and paying taxes the same , there 's no way theyll introduce a tax while trying to encourage it to move to the eu mainland . 
  this whole brexit thing is just for the most part a fight to prove who is the more naive person , the politician or the voter . 
  this is such a horrendously humorous list i wonder if some of them were put on to troll , `` high up '' signs to be put on mountains ' lol ? 
   posting some very high growth rates there 's a correlation between higher growth rates and having their own currencies . 
  there is n't currently a capital recycling mechanism for that cash to be reinvested into the other countries properly . 
  people are disconnected from reality in focusing on brexit and trade talks when a fiscal realignment is needed . 
  in case you guys do n't know the british government already do this .
