  banks had the choice of engaging in risky business , or to not do this cdo/mbs crap but then eventually be taken over on the cheap by those bigger banks that did engage in risky business . 
  this is also how they became too big to fail . 
  its like a virus and its just a mentality . 
  the only way to stop it was to stop all banks engaging in risky business , the parallel being to stop all trade in arms ( which is near impossible ), 
  what corresponds with the drop off ? 
  its not just labour arbitrage , the eastern countries have all these trade surpluses they do n't want to invest back into the western deficit nations , investing it in real estate and very low risk bonds ( no surprise we 're with negative interest rates ) . 
  there 's no actual fdi in the form of traditional investment , its just staying in as savings . 
  they 're maintaining the price of assets with respect to inflation , and pushing down the value of labour , doing this in the most riskless ways as possible . 
  the result is very high house prices/income and low interest rates as a result and this manifestation that we 're worse off than our parents & grandparents . 
  luckiest generation was born between * 1950 and 1960ish * ( the young boomers ) the most idiotic thing is those of us who end up buying a home will have bought it at this peak , with the lowest discount rate and have sold in when we 're old 20-30 years down the line at a higher discount rate - when inflation eventually returns . 
  so our savings will go to shit whatever we try , because there 's sure as hell no interest either and property prices will slump relative to wages , but too late for it to matter . 
  until it actually joins the eurozone , i suppose ? 
  well lets see , poland is n't even in the eurozone . 
  all the countries doing well , except for benelux and germany ( and even so just marginally ) use the euro . 
  the countries in the east doing well do n't even use the euro . 
  while the rest of us are tied to a fixed exchange rate essentially , it is dragging us down . 
  greece has actually done worse than the usa even in the depths of the great depression - ugh never mind i do n't want to repeat all this we already know and have overheard 1000 times the uk was actually doing really well , actually beating out even the us in terms of gdp per capita right up until 2007 , it was doing better than the countries you 're naming . 
  from 2008 till now not so good , but that list that have done better is n't that big . 
  from 1910 ( i use this year because that 's the hey day of europe 's peak ) till now the best performer is actually ireland not even germany , i attribute this to their tax system but if you have other insights please shed some light . 
  france has actually declined , the rest are so so/on average more or less the same relative to each other . 
  if you were speaking in terms of trade surpluses i hear you the uk and southern countries have done terribly . 
  this is what i do n't get they act like its such a bad thing . 
  we swiss ( im bit german/swiss but whatever ) also are n't really lined up to join this thing and look at them with at least some sense of mind . 
   as a first row witness to the referendum outcome that saw the sterling devalued 17 % in 90 days it was actually very lucky for them it fell . 
  they 're going through a little boom at the moment , as short lasted as it may be . 
  the tabloids have a field day ( we were right !, 
  and that kind of crap ) because the situation has improved quite a bit , especially with the context of brexit . 
  lets not mistake the currency for economic performance . 
  japan 's currency has strengthened more than 100 % over the past two decades and the result of this is it has brought nothing but misery to their country , even though suddenly their money is twice as strong they now have to take pay cuts . 
  a strong currency is not good . 
  france could actually do with a weaker currency , and germany with a stronger currency but we ca n't do this at the moment . 
  the ecb governor has been trying to weaken our currency to rejolt our economy but it does n't work well because it is conflicting in who it benefits . 
  i dare you not show me economic figures from anywhere out of benelux or germany in the eu . 
  they have the misfortune of the fixed exchange rate ( my real life job is a teacher of economics ) . 
   lack of solidarity and sympathy from eu citizens and customers begins . 
  i agree with you completely on the problems with brexit , but well get through that . 
  what we need to solve are the structural economic problems . 
  they have lots of projects that unite us , it 's quite fun being young in the eu and having access to all this culture . 
  half of this is an economic union and the other half is a cultural one . 
  luckily the cultural one is a bit easier to address . 
  i hope instead of the brexit issue taking centre politics , they use it to reform the eu 's problems . 
  it is sickening to hear the only choice someone young in the southern states only solutions to their problems are to move to either germany or the uk , or some other benelux state . 
  this way the economy will never get fixed and mario draghi will always have a face of dismay . 
  you know we 've never even seen the eu in its prime ? 
  it could have been the most powerful nation on earth , economically . . 
  this scotland , brexit debate gradually always digresses and ignores the issues that angered them into this vote . 
  it becomes a uk vs eu type of issue , or england vs uk type of issue . . where the english people are mad to do this . 
  i 'm in germany and there are alot of things i agree with them on . 
  the eu/r situation greatly helps only a few countries and manifestations keep popping up here too , such as low interest rates , unaffordable housing , unemployment in the south . 
  it 's honestly a bit insulting to distill this to `` well that unconventional sense is about to take a massive hit . 
  '' , i mean are the economic problems not real ? 
  theres no / r where no one does n't talk about the raw deal of our generation , unaffordable housing caused in essence by low interest rates throughout 1997 + and the like and yeah lets hate on the english and completely ignore this . . 
  i have so much anger at this situation you can not imagine it . 
  if there was a scale with the eu on one side , a federation in the middle and a country with a fully centralised government on the other side , it 's between a federation and a country with a fully centralised government . 
  they describe it as devolved government . 
  maybe i 'm not describing it the best as i can as the specifics are n't my thing , but the countries in the uk are n't countries in the conventional sense . 
   supranational block of multiple nations , just like the eu is , right ? 
  this is hardly an apt comparison . 
  because people use the gbp in the uk , as they use the zloty in poland . 
  sepa eur transfers are n't free and cost money as they do in any other ( non european ) country . 
  the only reason these countries are in sepa is because eventually they have to join the ez and they 're dragging their feet on it , everything 's ready and just needs the national governments to enact the legislation to change currency . 
  the uk of course is out now . 
  this is far different from being in the eurozone where you actually use sepa and its the mainstay of the central banking system under the ecb 's supervision . 
  the ecb has no role in the uk or poland ( or romania or bulgaria for that matter ), 
  actually it is n't completely . 
  you can say sepa is enabled in the uk too , but it has little meaning . 
  they do romania , poland & bulgaria have all have had economic convergence for years they just do not want to join because it would be harmful for them and beneficial for us . 
  they simply have to change the law to enable sepa and they 're in they got economic convergence ages ago . 
  you know who says this , the ecb in each of the last 4 years reports . 
  i 'm not sure where you get the idea that they dont have the criteria . 
  how convenient though that we should sacrifice our visas and a list of things that goes on and on and we consistently get push back on everything from migration to dev spending from these countries, 
  they are capable of joining . 
  if we are sacrificing our access to the us and giving up everything for them , they ought to at least integrate well enough with the rest of the eu instead of picking everything that suits them best . 
  the eur gives us access to the labour we need from these countries , if they do not adopt it they have economic divergence and it does n't work well for our manufacturing industry . 
  is that why these countries use the euro in spite of having economic convergence , they stand together is it ? 
  meanwhile what , 10 people from the uk went the other way ? 
  no one talks about that ? 
  actually it 's never taken literally . 
  it just means a very large number . 
  it 's a bit like saying someone has a ` zillion ' dollars , it 's not meant to be 0.50 * ( population of bulgaria + population of romania ) = expected amount of immigrant hoards . 
  whats the website with the circle and flags with the links to all these ? 
  what about leaving the power to member states ? 
  why does such minutiae have to be done at the supranational level ? 
  it is a gdp map , its the share of this sector to gdp . 
  its not really the same as the employment level map , it 's a bit deceptive of that wording because it suggests unemployment can contribute to it directly , but its not the case . 
  it is simply saying what the contribution is to the economy for these sectors , the blue-er the better typically . 
  you could have a similar map showing what manufacturing is to the economy , excluding the vehicle industry for example to get a fair representation without germany 's volkswagen/car juggernauts/supply chain distortion of manufacturing in the eu . 
  it would n't be the same for one with financial services either as some countries would be dark blue such as ireland , netherlands , and the like because of its taxes , or the uk because of the financial sector . 
  those sectors are highly distortive and depend on other peoples money or the markets . 
  this removes that and represents what the raw services sector is like . 
  this is essentially a fair map of europe without the giants of finance to distort it by nuts2 region . 
  so we 're talking about tourism , professional services , business services , internet stuff , its quite a huge list . 
  anything where you use your labour to earn money without manufacturing or digging something out of the ground , & that is excluding anything finance to show the strengths of the ` people economy ' . 
  typically london 's nuts2/oecd region gdp ranking is insane , they have the richest city in the world because of the financial sector on this basis . 
  this removes that and levels the playing field a bit by having all other services . 
  i kind of agree with this . 
  i like the approach the aussie pm used & may used . 
  they approached cautiously but acted professionally keeping in mind the relationship they represent is for their country and not the leader . 
  im kind of in complete disappointment of hollande , everything out of him is deflection : eu leaders must do more , etc and he 's the leader of france practically at the top of the eu when it comes to influence . 
  he could also do things in france 's name as an example instead of asking others to do things in the eus name,
