  i am born in germany to german swiss parents . 
  and live in germany , which my comment history before this first comment of yours will show . 
  i am merely here to scratch my english up . 
  `` fake-german '' ? 
  so what you 're saying is lets not get the tax havens , lets make more excuses : whataboutism , and because brexiteers think europe should do it we should n't ? 
  are you by any chance a snp supporter ? 
  so this opinion is wrong unless the person is n't a brexiteer ? 
  that is just nonsense . 
  if the city was as good a tax haven mcdonalds would n't be sending these royalties to luxembourg . 
  what is the tax rate in ` the city ' btw ? 
  they have since 2014 . 
  this is the basis of the ecb 's qe/asset purchase program , or at least i thought so . 
  it was illegal until they used this trick . 
  you guys are n't in the eurozone though ? 
  finland did n't have the bubble either . 
  at the moment all the ez countries have their bonds bought ( except greece because of the imf rules ) . 
  what is crazy is spain/italy , etc need the money the most but the largest purchases are in german bonds so as not to break the rules . 
  i just read it here : http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/277368,italy-and-greece-threaten-to-block-eu-funds-to-v4-over-migrants . 
  is that not what they are doing ? 
  well maybe my wording is wrong . 
  they are threatening not denying it . 
  but on what basis ? 
  there was an account of the event by yanis varoufakis ( finance minister of greece at the time ) in a debate that is available on youtube just recently . 
  there are a few other gems in there on the troika , not sch\u00e4uble . 
  i cant remember the other guy debating it would help me find a link . 
  the issue you state was explicitly brought up and he said it is not the case . 
  its only this way because merkel/sch \u00e4uble wont let him ( draghi ) / the ecb change it . 
  at the moment if he spends money on omt in spain he must spend a corresponding amount ( equal to the share put out to the ecbs capital by each country , their economic size essentially ) by buying bonds in germany . 
  this is so that by buying spanish bonds he would be giving them unfair state aid , but by buying everyone elses bonds too , no one has gotten state aid . 
  it is very sneaky ( and the ecj and gcc have said it is ok ) but it is sidestepping the rules . 
  it 's like giving a rich person cash just because you 're giving someone who needs it just so the system is fair . 
  all germany needs to do is allow the ecb to do its job properly , what other choice does draghi have , he 's doing the best with what he has . 
  very clever he figured out how to do omt . 
  currently the policy is worse off for german savers , but the german government saves about 20-30 bn euros a year from the interest rates . 
  you read weak must suffer what they must ? 
  i just read this the week before . 
  the rules do n't permit a country to be thrown out of the european union ( they must leave through article 50 voluntarily ) . 
  neither do the rules permit being thrown out of the ez . 
  during the crisis greece was forced to take the bailout ( which bailed out german banks that were greece 's creditors in the process ) . 
  greece was threatened with being thrown out of the ez if it did not accept the terms by the following morning . 
  - bailouts are n't permitted ( as done to the irish banks or german debts owed to greece ) . 
  later irish debts had to be shifted to private individuals but for a while broke the treaties . 
  - it 's not permitted for a country to be asked to leave the eurozone as per the treaties - there are no rules that forces a country to accept bailouts . 
  - greece was not permitted to default in the ez ( which they are allowed to do technically ) the proper procedure was for greece to cut spending as per esm , but instead it was forced upon a bailout and various taxes like on heating oil . 
  had the creditors not been german banks the case would have been different . 
  also the eu institutions are n't able to set taxes in countries , they were set forth on the basis of being ` suggestions ' . 
  at the moment the case is for italy where they are breaking the esm by breaking expenditure limits . 
  the commission is turning a blind eye to this and attributing it to migrants and earthquakes ( one off events ) . 
  the thing is the expenditures are rather large for migrants and earthquakes . 
  ( here is the letter : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/sgp/pdf/dbp/2017/dbp_2017_-_vd-pm_letter_to_italy_-_final.pdf ) france similarly is breaking its esm obligations but they are given constant extensions . 
  france is the untouchable darling . . for now . 
  hungary and poland are being denied eu funding at present for not accepting migrants . 
  there is nothing in the treaties that specify this rule . 
  so what happens is there is selective treatment of policies , it 's just for when it suits you . 
  during the greek crisis he threatened greece with kicking them out of the eurozone under terms that would be breaking the rules . 
  it 's not breaking the rules when it suits you . 
  since technically you made the rules and can retroactively change them , apparently . 
  italy is , did n't mean france . 
  they 've talked about it for ages but the only project i know of is hinkley . 
  i can imagine a shit storm if they try to buy a local business , such as arm . 
  i can only imagine arm going peacefully to the new japanese owners . 
  it may be true that the chinese have kicked up innovation but its no secret they 're struggling with silicon ip . 
  the government has invested over $ 100bn via tsinghua in this area and has little to show for it . 
  the koreans , americans , taiwanese , germans governments you name it refuse to sell for the transfer of knowledge alone . 
  afaik they 're pushing this capital ( france and the uk ) to recycle trade deficits in . 
  they will build the plants with chinese funding and part ownership . 
  it will be highly restrictive on what the chinese investors can actually do besides funding it and owning it . 
  yeah you could , but the broker monitors this to see if you have enough margin so i do n't think they would let you directly short the bonds . 
  you would have to short a future on the bonds . 
  they might increase interest rates if the economy accelerates so the bond yields would drop and it would be more profitable than shorting sterling , particularly on higher durations . 
  yes i think you had some different understanding of this . 
  but compare this to a share , instead of buying euros against borrowed pounds are you not buying euros against borrowed shares ( when you short shares ) also if you do n't want to get involved with buying the currency back in the end you can use options and use the premiums as gains but options are so risky if misunderstood . 
  basically the essence of shorting pounds conventionally : put in eur 10k in the account , they let you borrow 200k gbp instantly ( just like shares ) , and you buy euros with that and sell the euros and buy back the pounds when you 're done , paying the interest difference which may be positive sometimes like if you buy new zealand dollars ( high interest rates ) against borrowed euros ( low interest rates ) . 
  the profit or loss is the price difference between when you bought the euros and when you sold them with interest difference taken into account . 
  if you were to substitute euros with, 
  what other projects have the chinese done in the uk ? 
  there was hinkley and there were complaints and it was also a french deal . 
  the chinese work on a system of a 5 year plan to advance their economy . 
  now that their economy has advanced a bit on the back of so many 5 year plans the next stage is intellectual creation and advanced technology , or the ` made in china ' project where chinese stuff is high quality . 
  unfortunately this is not as easy to create ( think of silicon tech , software , advanced machinery , jet engines ) it requires not cheap labour but expensive intellectual labour that takes a long time to train . 
  they can not easily do this so they 're buying companies up in this space . 
  they tried a couple of us companies a few months ago and got turned down , now they 're trying their same hand in europe . 
  the uk has arm but that went to softbank ( japanese ) i 'd also point out the ft has a pro eu stance owned by the nikkei so it does n't have the narrative where ` hey they dont want to invest in the uk lets bash the others where they go to ' . 
  i hate the voice overs , i was watching some stuff in russian and you ca n't hear them because of the background sounds so i wish the yellow was red . 
  the basic understanding of how it works has some issues . 
  you could make a demo account with saxobank or ig and give it a shot with fake money . 
  use the options or swaps to avoid buying gbp at the end if you want , you can swap that out for interest adjust sterling today in the future or something else the markets are all available . 
  im an economist and have shorted currencies before as part of my job . 
  it 's nothing like what you 're saying . 
  as far as going long another currency pair that is what shorting is you sell one thing for cash and buy it back as with shares and as with anything else . 
  if you do n't want to do that you can use options , forwards or swaps . 
  you can do whatever you want if you dont want another currency on the other end . 
   you can not borrow a currency pair . 
  this is actually very easy . 
  it does n't even need second thought . 
  its borrowed at libor and even easier than borrowing a share . 
  you can borrow as much sterling with ridiculous amounts of leverage ( sometimes 1:2000 which is ludicrous ) as you want . 
  i do n't get what you mean , because borrowing an instrument/sterling is crazy easy , most of all in forex and the market is ridiculously liquid . 
  3 trillion traded a day ( 1/3 of which is sterling ) , perhaps the most liquid market in the world . 
  when you short a share instead of sterling you go long on usd or euro and want the share in the end .
