  i do n't get how sterling is any different ? 
  err yeah it is , sign up to fxcm/fxpro/saxobank / ib/ig whatever and sell it short , i bet it could be done in under 10 minutes as a retail investor . 
  even easier for big banks . 
  they had prussian dominance through the union/empire . 
  even today its german dominance through the union . 
  the problem is n't taking over its the dominance amongst equals, 
  very insensitive man, 
  italy and france either do not have their finances in order or have a corruption element which is problematic . 
  i thought they do get a say if a cabinet minister from those constituencies is in government and later all mps , it 's just special deals for specific regions like scottland or london that they 're against, 
  the founders of stripe are from ireland but stripe is n't irish , it 's american . 
  same with intercom . 
  it takes away the advantage of a 12.5 % / lower tax rate though . 
   well , good luck with being outside the single market . 
  meh , switzerland has done fine on its own for hundreds of years . 
  a trade deal is better . 
  you should be thinking more about how to respect other countries democratic choices . 
  or if you 're not convinced come over and live in switzerland for a gap year . 
  reason i say this is , i must admit is before i shared your point of view , very wholeheartedly . 
  i can sympathise with the love of the freedom of movement , but as you get a bit older i think you might be willing to see the bad sides of it . 
  for a bird it is nice to have wings even when it is living in the same place all its life . 
  honestly why do n't you try living there for a year and just see what everyone is upset about ? 
  you 're looking at it from a foreigners point of view . 
  i would n't have to be in germany in the first place if it was not for this deal . 
  id rather live near my parents . 
  i am here because i have no other choice . 
  also it is a bit different , switzerland is attractive because people see the wages , then realise once they live and see how expensive it is . 
  the high wages are very attracting . 
  why ca n't they be high ? 
  why must the open markets drag them down ? 
  there is the assumption that there is an equal ground for no discrimination , but there really is n't - wages in switzerland are higher it is not an equal ground to deserve no discrimination . 
  that is why more people come in than go out . 
   welcome to western europe . 
  that 's our growth rate in the present . 
  this is why we want to change it . 
  we 're not defeatist in saying we 're happy with the status quo and accept it simply because everyone else is in the mess too . 
   are you saying that the liquidity trap is because of foreigners ? 
  fuck ... is there something / r/europe wo n't blame on immigrants ? 
  no , because its not foreigners its that our bosses can challenge us to not take pay hikes by the threat of taking a foreigner instead so we must accept lower wages . 
   you have a 100 % higher median wage than france . 
  and sorry to tell you this , but the cost of living is n't 100 % higher . 
  compared with ile de france , 12 million people , or london also 12 million or some people , you 're at the same level about of living costs . 
  the cost of living is higher , stuff costs more than it does it france . 
  what the hell you expect that i am supposed to never return home ? 
  i save more here in germany that i would in switzerland by far despite the wages being even less here than in switzerland . 
   at 3.1 % unemployment , you could n't find a job that suits you ? 
  wtf ? 
  a you 're misframing the problem . 
  the wages are so low that the jobs all have takers . 
  well i do n't like blaming foreigners , but it is ignorant to say that having a fully open migration policy does not depress wages . 
  if someone is willing to work for less we must too , there is no doubt about it . 
  having a simple type of restriction that does n't stop foreigners coming in , but makes it harder for them to take a job that a local can do already and is willing to do is great in my opinion . 
  woah we dont want to kick out foreigners , if there was just some kind of preference for local workers or an influence on the market mechanism that does n't make it easier for someone who is willing to work for less outcompete us . 
  it just has to be a subtle form of a limit , maybe we look locally first for the job or a small fee for the visa . 
   losing eu bilateral accords may cut output by as much as 7 percent of gdp by 2035 . 
  i do n't believe this is true , the stats have a balance . 
  if our gdp was repriced higher because of our wages it could actually decrease by 7 % and then be offset by an increase of more than double that , on overall being an increase . 
  the job market will always be able to hire , like i said its not an outright ` no ' its just minor controls so that wages are n't repressed . 
  so i doubt there would be shocks in the way you 're saying . 
  switzerland 's economy is 75 % based on exports , we are the hostages in the situation . 
  while the eu has good intentions they have their interests too in which goodwill does not play a part . 
  the growth rate is 0.6 % . 
  there is nothing in savings either with 0 % interest . 
  we are in a [ liquidity trap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquidity_trap ) and there is no way to raise wages because of the competition . 
  think about that for a moment , we are practically at full employment and that is our growth rate and there is no inflation either . 
  we 're not even part of the eurozone and have control over our own currency . 
  the problem is the competition from immigration , switzerland is very expensive and you do n't get paid well because someone who has n't lived here long is willing to sacrifice a bit for a lower wage that people must compete for . 
  i have left basically and work abroad because it is cheaper , i have no other choice . 
  this means the wages are too low in switzerland . 
  living in switzerland is difficult in part because its very expensive , competition forces wages down . 
  look at it this way , unemployment is 3.1 % and the growth rate is [ 0.6 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/switzerland/gdp-growth ) . 
  there is no way to make growth it is a deflationary spiral . 
  there is nothing in savings either with 0 % interest . 
  we are in a [ liquidity trap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liquidity_trap ) at the moment and delfationary pressure from wage competition is a problem . 
  american style 2 party democracy is the best . 
  not the best timing for this comment . 
  the romanians cant steal jobs after brexit so the eurofighter will go to romania with jobs so that british jobs can be stolen in romania now that romania ca n't steal jobs in britain . 
  all the entrepreneurs run away to america, 
  he means uk and with europe and both separately . 
  not so much the issue being on the change in laws so much as the ability to easily go to and from the uk to work . 
  if the new migration system is quite free , maybe with some requirements of a degree or some kind of skill and not the way we think of us visas i think most people wont be too upset . 
  could you enlighten us a bit ? 
  we 're confused as f & #, 
  i would say its bad , there are kids who read that and get depressed and stuff . 
  it 's not a nice way for your day to be influenced . 
  its basically what they call [ guanxi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guanxi ) . 
  it 's expected to be reciprocated in the future somehow when china wants a favour . 
  i hope they keep some kind of open borders or not overly difficult , it would be a shame to have their startups closed off . 
  monzo is nicer than n26, 
  weve had a century of globalisation and now we 're going the other way . 
  i do n't get why people are so favourable of merkel . 
  i do n't like her not because of the refugee policies but the policies of wage repression . 
  that is a stereotype , they do n't like pakistanis or closet do n't like them , but its silly to say they do n't like polish people or eastern europeans because they 're too scared to say they do n't like pakistanis . 
  if you 've ever met these countrysiders they do n't hide it . 
  why is it that the leaver preeti patel was an indian ? 
  the difference is just she 's integrated into the british way of life more and yet she was advocating for brexit . . half of them just yearn for their childhood when everything was more british , not in terms of skin colour but of how people behaved . 
  i think the poles were picked as the easy targets because they composed of the largest group of eu citizens as part of the single market in the uk . 
  that makes them the easy target of the eu policies . 
  there is clear xenophobia and anti islam as two distinct fears , it 's hard to see that one is a redirection of another . 
  there was n't as much hate towards germans or french for example . 
  if you have ever visited the uk as a european and see the look on people 's faces when buses just stops in the nearby dropoff zones from eastern eu countries you can see it in their eyes as irrational fear .
