  so ... remove that point because it 's blatant misinformation . 
  [ here is a paper with official sources on the subject from 2008 . 
  ] ( http://www.cespi.it/wpmig/country%20mig-poland.pdf ) read page 8 . 
  exactly ... there are many low paying job vacancies . 
  and the thing about ukraine is that these jobseekers have been coming to the country since 1989 . 
  the 300,000 ? 
  that 's an estimated figure that has n't changed since * before * the war in ukraine . 
  it 's an annual figure that could be up to 500,000 actually !, 
  [ here 's a paper on the subject from 2008 with official sources ] ( http://www.cespi.it/wpmig/country%20mig-poland.pdf ) check out page 8 . 
  someone on this subreddit is spreading around bullshit . 
  ** edit : ** had to correct my own bullshit pointed out by sloneorzeszki . 
  i 'm just a citizen of the eu . 
  i can vote , protest and help refugees . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  being an armchair politician does n't help anyone . 
  if you think actions on a local level do n't solve anything , you are detached from the crux of political change . 
   because one wants to enforce regulated asylum versus completely open borders ? 
  no . . because europe is not working in unison . 
  the case you make at the end of your argument is exactly why we 'll be remembered as rick xenophobic cowards . 
  no matter what the reasons are , in this sort of situation poorly executed actions lead to tragedy and that it what people are remembered for , not policies or lack thereof . 
  i do n't think an open border policy will work . 
  realistically , how would you convince everyone to do that anyway ? 
  but the eu countries not willing to show solidarity , face the crisis as a whole and compromise for real working solutions are a problem . 
  but that 's on a national level . 
  as citizens we can all work locally to make the transition for refugees to a life in europe easier . 
  there are refugees here and if we help them , we will all have less problems later . 
  thanks !, 
   he literally starts off with the majority being syrian . 
  he states `` world 's top source of refugees '' so counting all the refugees in turkey , lebanon , jordan , egypt and other countries in the region , he is correct . 
  it 's 4.3 million refugees in total . 
  i looked for organizations that can house refugees in berlin . 
  http://www.refugees-welcome.net/ is a good project . 
  no matter what your political views are , facing the music and helping the individuals that are already here is definitely the right course of action . 
  i ca n't house refugees myself since i live in student accommodations but they accept donations ( even in bitcoin ) so i 'll definitely be doing that . 
  their videos tend to be well researched , but i 'm sure this video will be more controversial than the other ones . 
  i do wonder however if future european generations will look back on us as rich xenophobic cowards sitting behind fences . 
  makes me want to go and do something about it ... 
  i live in berlin . 
  anyone got any suggestions how i could help the refugees ? 
  i am ashamed of this . 
  we do n't seem to learn the right things from history . 
  they are syrian catholics ... but that does n't mean they eat pierogi . 
  german cities do offer cuisine and culture that syrians would be more accustomed to and i 'm not talking about germans . 
  and then reading the racist and xenophobic reactions of people from \u015arem ... 
  i 'm not really surprised they left . 
  the next adjacent country ... 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  `` it 's your neighbor , you deal with it '' is an unsustainable solution when it comes to human rights . 
  if ukraine goes boom , i would hope other european nations would n't just tell poland to fuck off and deal with it on our own . 
  solidarity would be helpful and the bottom line is that we 're all humans . 
   moving 22 million people would put public services under unforeseen additional strain that would shake them to their foundations . 
  this is a hypothetical situation . 
  i just stated europe would n't end . 
  you 're right , it would put a strain on our public sector in the short term , sure . 
   they did n't need mass extermination of people concentration camps [ are what they are ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/concentration%20camp ) , but they are n't exclusively extermination camps so do n't put words in my mouth . 
  the australian concentration camps have [ a bad reputation ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2013/12/12/refu-d12.html ) when it comes to living conditions . 
  it 's not a long term solution and illegal immigration to autralia is a long term problem . 
  it will only increase in the warm warm future . 
  i was speaking of the dangers of syria . 
  personally i think european nations should be providing the boats to get them here . 
  a unified effort to process the refugees would also be nice . 
  there are a total of 22 million syrians , europe would n't end if we got all of them into europe , what 's a fraction of that going to do ? 
  turkey and lebanon are providing refugee camps , but i do n't think these people are returning to syria any time soon . 
  they want to be in europe and are literally dying to get here . 
  planning for the realities of the near future seems ... prudent because it is clear a lot of them are n't afraid of death right now , so anything short of concentration camps wo n't really stop them . 
  i do n't want that kind of future , but it seems a lot of europeans do . 
  these people coming in from syria were closer to being killed by a suicide bomber than you or me . 
  we 're sending them back to the terrors we 're so afraid of . 
  our lives are n't worth more than theirs . 
  why should n't we face it together ? 
  policing is dangerous , yes . 
  the only way to make it safer for the officers to do their job in the refugee camps is to have more police officers and giving them the resources they need to do their job . 
  how else would you solve the problem ? 
  it 's a tense environment when you do n't understand why you are being fingerprinted . 
  and it 's extremely stressful for the police force if it is stretched out as thin as it is in hungary 's refugee camps . 
  perfect cocktail for a riot . 
  more resources need to be put towards the police force that is doing processing , not building expensive fences that do n't work . 
  rather than putting funds towards the police forces in charge of processing the refugees , hungary is focusing on putting more helicopters , dogs and razor-wire fences on their border . 
  the refugees probably do n't feel welcome in hungary for a reason . 
  the countries that are refusing to take on refugees are simultaneously refusing to put effort towards processing . 
  so to add to your comment , i wish more countries took this seriously like germany and actually had a structured way to process the refugees . 
  the refugees will come no matter what and trying to stop them will get fucked up . 
  smugglers , internment camps , expensive deportation procedures , generations of hate towards europe . 
  i 'd rather deal with the consequences of integration than the disturbing reality of turning away refugees . 
  i think being raised by american society after 9/11 rewired my brain . 
  with this power , i bet i could write a couple good thrillers too . 
  though i think you are probably right ... 
  it could be one of a series of random acts on innocent people meant to scare the shit out of you . 
  anyone could be next . 
  smaller charges are easier to hide and if it 's well planned , this could cause mass panic . 
  imagine having one random car in berlin explode each day . 
  that would scare the shit out of me . 
  amazing job !, 
  i think i 'll continue celebrating this tradition every year . 
  hey !, 
  a bulgarian friend [ made one for me today ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pktnhmf.jpg ) and i made one for her !, 
  nice tradition . 
  now i have to go to poland and find storks . 
  now i have context for that line . 
  cool .
