it 'd have to be `` refugees '' strike again , which with quotation marks does make the point that they are n't really refugees , but just disguised as ones . 
  the quotation marks imply the thing inside the marks is not what it means . 
  it makes sense to write `` patriotic '' youth since they were n't doing anything remotely patriotic . 
  really ... hitting a polish professor of history is pretty much the exact opposite . 
  the murdered at katy\u0144 are probably rolling in their graves by now . 
  taking `` children '' a bit too literally here , are n't you ? 
  seems like you 're arguing for argument 's sake . 
  the age difference between those with political influence on the future and those that 'll live it is about a generation ... that 's about 30 years , your known about when parents have their children . 
  i believe that is sound logic and far from having baby senators and presidents . 
  i think it was . 
  he 's a historian and there are many poles that fear a rise of a combative polish nationalistic right-wing in government . 
  a comment like that fits the mood and is reoccurring theme in conversations nowadays . 
  it seems light-hearted , but then you see the significance when you notice the parallel . 
  sure . 
  the bigger problem is that someone has some sort of justification to do violence . 
  it can be anything ... in this specific case , i 'm just ashamed that it 's polish patriotism . 
  i mean , in poland it 's not being shamed or addressed . 
  some poles would even say that it 's being promoted by some of our most prominent politicians !, 
  i mean . . wtf ? 
  the brexit decision seems to have given english hooligans a justification to do more violence against immigrants . 
  in germany there is right wing violence , there is islamic violence , and even left-wing violence . 
  it 's a crazy cocktail . 
  i live in berlin , people light cars on fire to protest gentrification , but they burned up a bmw one of my student acquaintances bought ... he 's not rich , he lives in student housing . 
  there is no message in that , it 's just a justification to do violence . 
  is it being addressed directly by politicians ? 
  i do n't see it being prominently featured as a big problem !, 
  to me it also looks like the media is focusing only on the issues that they know would feed the fire . 
  it 's . 
  just . 
  frustrating . 
  people would n't feel aversion to today 's germans if they actually knew who and what germans are now . 
  it 's wonderfully ironic how in poland there are individuals who `` remember '' the ethnic killing of poles and how `` nobody helped us '' and can still maintain that if another country undergoes the same thing now ... it 's different because they 're different . 
  many poles were n't afraid to die for their jewish neighbors . 
  why are we so scared of death now to help someone in need ? 
  and if the argument is about how german sounds ... 
  i understand it for victims of war or violence ... but come on , using that argument for hooligans ? 
  to in some way understand violence ? 
  a lot of germans are n't even ethnically german . 
  even the tangible connection to the past is slowly changing . 
  soon we 'll be punching germans for being nazis and being gay and not being white . 
  a home run !, 
  patriots everywhere rejoice !, 
  you know , some drunk skinheads stomped on my head and ripped my long hair out at woodstock a few years ago . 
  they asked what team i was with . 
  what ? 
  remember that mexican team getting beat up at the beach a few years back ? 
  what was that about ? 
  it 's just a justification for violence and being born polish makes it easy for them . 
  german aversion , fear of islam and all that stuff . 
  we can discuss and figure out what to do ... but that is not the issue in the streets . 
  it 's fucking hooliganism . 
  it 's not understandable . 
  poland needs to fix this . 
  it 's a part of the culture now . 
  there are other countries with this problem and i 'm pretty sure no one except for the hooligans wants to live in a place like that . 
  if they were able to murder someone with a machete , maybe a psychiatric hospital would be more appropriate . 
  i have some friends in bulgaria that are voting new republic . 
  so i guess with you that 's four people i know voting new republic , but hey ... maybe more people heard about them by now . 
  seeing how horrible most of the parties are , i do n't see why people would n't vote for these smaller parties . 
  get them in . 
  that 's the first step . 
  i must say , / r/polska 's strategic investments according to the teaching of / r/memeeconomy have paid off in full . 
  but seriously , the place really livened up in the past few months . 
  good job , mod team !, 
  i must say , / r/polska 's strategic investments according to the teaching of / r/memeeconomy have paid off in full . 
  but seriously , the place really livened up in the past few months . 
  good job , mod team !, 
  and heavily criticized by many poles as well . 
  am i misinterpreting something or is the point that russia is saving ukraine from a us invasion here ? 
  yeah , sorry , i forgot to mention that . 
  right now denmark is definitely sinking a lot of money into greenland because it 's in the kingdom of denmark . 
  i think greenlanders are working on becoming fully independent though . 
  i just hope they choose to come into the eu family then as an independent state . 
  i 'm not sure either . 
  i think there are people in greenland that would say they are european , but then again only 12 % of the population is genetically european . 
  but in this day and age that does n't really matter than much anymore , i guess you 'd need a survey to see if the population feels european . 
  historically they have very strong ties to europe , the vikings had a mini-civilization there for 500 years before dying out and modern-day greenlanders were definitely influenced ( in a good way but also in a bad way ) by norwegian and danish colonists . 
  but the rich inuit culture of greenland is definitely something that europe could easily embrace . 
  also , i 'd argue that greenland needs europe . 
  they are going to become more center stage in the world and other world powers will try to use them for their resources and vicinity to new trade routes . 
  being an equal member in the eu family would benefit them . 
  they need schools , hospitals , infrastructure , and social programs that the eu currently provides . 
  i 'd welcome greenland into the european family . 
  but it is a touchy topic . 
  i swear this is like our meme . 
  remember the european parlament playing tough in march and voting to end visa-free travel for ` muricans ? 
  yeah ... about that : https://euobserver.com/justice/137754, 
  you joke , but in the past countries have invaded other countries for more banal reasons . 
  i think denmark has a golden opportunity here . 
  oooh , there 's berlin flair . 
  i 'm gon na get me some . 
  beautiful bike . 
  i bike too , to and from my university in berlin . 
  12 minute bike ride gerade aus , 15 minutes if it 's windy . 
  i read some more about it after posting that and you 're right . 
  lots of low paying job vacancies , but it was n't caused by emigration . 
  and it is mostly these temporary jobs that the ukrainian immigrants are fine with taking . 
  just quickly correcting you on point 4 . 
  the 300,000 estimate has been true before the war as well . 
  these are jobseekers and the phenomenon started in 1989 , they are not war refugees .
