  hodor = hold the door, 
  but hodor died , thus a door is open for the nk to go on a crusade against the living . 
  easy as that . 
  they probably gave an intern small tasks such as these . 
  two friends of mine got same tasks at activision , especially for cod to update some existing models/weps/terrain stuff . 
  red skyshatter is via 12 pvp badges . 
  blue skyshatter requires ove farming black temple and hyjal ( oh god the waves never end ), 
  he wo n't but he will probably take a small side route on his path of light . 
  aka he will do some wacky stuff, 
  all hail the fire, 
  people/colleagues who are the silent yet socially not awkward types . 
  the kind of people that would eat up small shits you throw at them and just walk away . 
  but if you exaggerate and keep going at them and they flip out , just pray that he wo n't exaggerate before he buries you . 
  spoilers aside ; i wonder why illidan has this distrust towards the naaru ? 
  iirc during bc he would shittalk them , noted via various references in quests ... 
  but i never paid attention or got a full disclosure about his hate, 
  lack of horde is such a refreshment tbf, 
  stannis the mannis, 
  but the royal family have jerry blood, 
  the commander , the priest and the professor, 
  we travel to to alternative dimensions and alien worlds yet we do n't even think to explore azeroth with zeps and ships . 
  i would rather have more smaller alien worlds at this point than yet another uncharted landmass ... 
  glad i am forever a bronze, 
  ali ko\u00e7 pls save us . 
  of course the fat guy gets the captain band ... 
  whats the difference between a sumo wrestler and ozan ? 
  a sumo wrestler gets paid to be fat . 
  vardar had 4 chances , scored two and other two hit poles . 
  fml, 
  let us say aziz is blind thinks all our players are qualified strikers . 
  they provide salads for the veggies among us . 
  the real heroes have kitchen duty, 
  you are asking for diablo rng / w vendirs and shit ... we have/need a set loot table so we can focus just on that drop rng . 
  this game does not need anymore rng . 
  gameplay = / = lore, 
  best foreplay ever, 
   implying it is not poison, 
  older generation blaming the newer generation for anything wrong at the moment ... they even try to make up arguments, 
  no , just ancient americans . 
  the comet ? 
  try the big bang explosion that caused cursed life !, 
  kul ` tiras , zandalari , hires tabards , naval exploration/battles ... 
  i can only get so erect !, 
  horde is life , horde is love, 
  inb4 demon hunters and their dubble jumps, 
  we get it ye fancy prancin cunts , we played one and it is a lingerin curse for the rest of our gametimes, 
  slam slam slam slam slam, 
  i still got a lot of shit to do ... good i guess . 
  what a wizard got ta do for that pussy, 
  his username is kinkiheat, 
  yeah but the subs are for blind people who can not feel the taste, 
  an undead army , jon, 
  on an open fieeeelddddd, 
  well , good to hear the other billions were praising the sun, 
  looks like a soviet general lol, 
  ana has potg ? 
  men mostly keep their tears in their eyes . 
  and in some cases we can not hold it together ... that is when man is completely broken . 
  we do not cry , we shatter ... 
  hr is a placebo, 
  i would dare say ataturk introduced patriotism to us, 
  jaimie did not deserve this bitch, 
  i liked when he broke down , no cards to play . 
  and his small plea for a tete-a-tete killed me, 
  they will probably the ones who tell winterfell the news . 
  first stand will be met there i think . 
  someone must bear this burden !, 
  he will be the jailer of the damned !, 
  if he and dany join forces by marriage , he can just speak frankly to the northern lordsabiut his heritage , make sansa warden of the north and still get favor to be king if westeros . 
  this guy is making himself a legend without him knowing ( srsly he is a bit stupid ) ... 
  warrior one takes us back to the best raid ever . 
  uniting the elemental lords is huge for lore . 
  i loved it . 
  i especially like how we kinda went tywin lannister in firelands for supporting an elemental lord for its throne ... i felt shady as fuck . 
  you get some tid bits of lore of certain races, 
  poor cersei will never be a targaryen . 
  she always thought the targaryen were epical , powerfull and good lookin family ... 
  but they had dragons , were good knights and they indeed used incest to keep the family looks within . 
  tywin wed her to baratheon for power . 
  he sold his daughter to bobby b. she was not happy at all . 
  the reason she bangs with jaimie is for his good genes . 
  that whore wanted to be a targaryen knockoff ... talking bout dynasties and shit, 
  horde because it fits my way of thinking and they have imo best lore but ... . alliance has the best looks and have dwarfs and alliance is just too stronk but damn are they cocky . 
  with black jack and hookers i hope, 
  i dig it and i hope blizz puts one every major patch , does not even need to be a mount , a cool looking pet or a toy or even xmog sets or something . 
  did he try to achieve hh2o ? 
  or we get a fully customizable small boat along our big ship . 
  our ship works kinda like the vindicaar , but our small boat acts like a mount with extra options . 
  ship would have customizable ; sails , race-bound marine corps , flag under which you sail , your ship theme ( orcish/undead/troll / goblin/etc ) , champions that aid you , your foreman , your island scouts , your specializations ( cannoneer/magesteria/boarding parties / ... ) , etc, 
  our small boat would hang at the side of ship and we can use it whenever we need to to travel between islands/on water . 
  and you can fully customize its theme/color/emblems / etc. 
  it would have no sail but a small goblin/gnome engine . 
  and another major patch update gives us a submarine customizable akin to boat . 
  i mean this would make sense if they went this route . 
  did n't know what i expected, 
  i just want to make sure my body gets donated to necromancers, 
  those killed me during the world q. ca n't wait fir those loot pinatas, 
  civil war afaik . 
  rebelion vs pegasus ? 
  inbefore someone adds muslims , jews , african americans , latin americans , irish americans , italian americans , lgbts , asians , canadians , the british , californians , democrats , bernie sanders , russians , clintons and of course , the reptilians .
