  we fight against the legion to keep this beauty, 
  pls turkey give us the euro 2008 feels, 
  old world revamp with the level scaling system so you can level in any zone you want . 
  give each zone a main story akin to wod zones . 
  because each zone has its own story but it never was told in how blizzard does it nowadays . 
  oh man , i would immediately start from scratch and level in zones i want to experience again . 
  gives me a huge boner . 
  can you imagine blizzard does an halo where the void = flood and a certain giga nuke kills/resets everything and instead of end credits we see world of starcraft title screen . 
  the draenei we encounter in argus are far better than we had before . 
  they have character and are actually being badass spacegoats . 
  fuck the naaru, 
  good, 
  i always found it super weird to have betting advertisments in the matches and of course sponsorships from them makes it fucked up . 
  matchfixing is still very active ... 
  i dig it too . 
  it gives a real `` come at me bro '' vibe, 
  illidan will die this expansion . 
  but illidan will live . 
  shh bby is ok, 
  shh bby is ok, 
  i do n't have a priest or a paladin to rock this mount , so i do n't see any reason other than just collecting it four the mount count . 
  and yes , i care about my characters rp . 
  i just want them to keep up their se line , give it a few needed hardware uogrades every 4 years etc. 
  because i love its design and its size is perfect . 
  and a huge blizzard came to the boltons and all those other nirthern betrayers !, 
  they can make a movie based around evil morty, 
  this shit is sickening , us should mobilize its army to help . 
  at this point i really believe skyrim is forever , we will never see a new elder scrolls rpg, 
  the author just have to change the title, 
  well , the island was n't meant for friendly people in the first place . 
  that hit me harder than i expected , fuck you chad . 
  tier 6 is the best . 
  can confirm , the black modem died and got replaced by the new white one . 
  did n't have any problems , only get some dc 's now and then in overwatch tho . 
  i picked dh because dps rotation is ez tbf . 
  arator needs a model update or else this theory is a no . 
  everyone thinks they can pull off a game of thrones . 
  be it in history or future fantasy settings ... 
  oh god , my dad had two cars like that - he purposely wrecked his second car because he was fed up with this shit . 
  the money he got from insurance was enough to buy an eu regulation updated car . 
  klaxxi ones were the best . 
  is n't this the same scenario with bpost + postnl , with extra politics ? 
  i hate the crucible . 
  it literally is a shitty way of progress . 
  scrutinize the shit out of bis is not fun . 
  i tend to spice up / 2 and / i. 
  i like to give moral boost to maggots plus / 2 = what is dead may never die . 
  obviously he means fuhrer president bradly . 
  if the light wo n't bring the bad to justice , then what or who is stopping us from doing it ourselves ? 
  velen discovered the essence of `` exitus acta probat '' , the end justifies all means . 
  illidan basically is that and more . 
  i want to keep the se line tbf ... only update internals every now and then without the flagship gimmicks like face id etc. 
  i just want a standard ios phone ... 
  get me my wallet stretcher !, 
  she protec n she attac but she also ressurec . 
  the si :7 sends their regards . 
  i got one mount and two pets . 
  i stopped farming the eggs . 
  only via wq 's if i get one . 
  i want the skyfin one tho . 
  he is my rolemodel . 
  guy is living the life . . 
  upvote because i want to see the world, 
  shaman accidentally drop doomhammer into the maelstrom . 
  or the shaman just hovering in the elemental ( literally carried by wind ) instead of disco riding on its head . 
  ele shaman , arms warrior , arcane mage , destro lock , bm hunter , havoc dh and frost dk . 
  i play them since they have easy rotations and are suitable for casual gamers like me . 
  i do like surv hunter and its complexity . 
  too bad they suck in 7.3 dps wise ... 
  should have just been heirloom boots with 60 % speed as nod to the past . 
  sinking ship needs to reach land so it can bury its treasures ... 
  i played eso for quite some time , i quit because end game is lousy , pvp is shit and zenimax messed up the whole character gameplay and builds . 
  i even regret subbing and buying crates . 
  i feel betrayed by the developers and i hate bethesda for allowing such atrocity to exist . 
  i had hopes after its tu update . 
  but all i see now is a sinking cruise with a lousy captain saying its all fine while stealing the money from unknowing tourists ... 
  i just hope it hits land before seafloor . 
  he loses his first love to a jewish surgeon , since studying arts never brings bread to the table . 
  it was then when dolfie realized he should get in politics to fight the system and make an arts degree useful . 
  * narator * oh boy was he wrong . 
  * cue dramatic transformation of lil dolfie to fuhrer-emporer hitler *, 
  hunter forcing the hand of fate their way ... 
  samwise didier = pandaren = heavy metal = panda vikings . 
  quite easy to get tbf . 
  got it on my four alts in less than five days . 
  but not sure in 7.3 ... the marks of sentinax will be a sore ... 
  get me the void stretcher !, 
  i still find it hilarious they coded the backpack so hard that they can not change it unless they overhaul its source code ... 
  seeing op in despair is delicious . 
  you just need to complete the broken shore class campaign . 
  you can binge it if stars align . 
  they nerved a few quests requirements like the chests ( from 10 to 5 needed ) and the follower mission ( 1 mission ... does not need to be elite anymore ... easy ) . 
  i just hope it has 10 years left . 
  i have been playing this game since black temple patch . 
  i can not fathom how much of a part it has become of my life . 
  human shaman, 
  placebo satisfaction of accomplishing something, 
  look , i do n't want to be that guy , but when you go horde , do not show your ally colors . 
  also bloodlust  heroism ^, 
  i love when mages pop tw randomly,
