  i only raided once and was appalled by this act . 
  thank god i left after putricide ... she would even brag about her gearscore in tradechat ... 
  just saying this stuff can happen ... 
  i thought the trials were a nod to history . 
  i know certain events where attacking armies held games close to castles/cities to showcase strength and that they did not fear the upcoming war . 
  good tip but i am drowning in blood on my characters . 
  knew it would be usefull one day ... 
  would be abused a lot in bgs . 
  but maybe to protect from boss aoe ... 
  needs experimenting, 
  no idea tbf . 
  but iirc i remember people on the guild were generally 17 + , they were mostly british and probably played together on a campus or something because the voicechat echoed and sounded crowded . 
  yous a good friend . 
  my friends would beg for free copies . 
  get to a million to honor him . 
  always wondered why gambling ads sponsor games ... 
  i giggled at bastion . 
  metzen is a lucky sob to retire so young . 
  you can ult when you spawn so your turret can go beast mode . 
  might be usefull to see if its one enemy or more . 
  jazzy lucio man . 
  lucio needs more distinct skins like this, 
  you can see he means business by how his gear looks . 
  he has no time to xmog . 
  class hall gear is obsolete now . 
  only incentive to get them is for xmog . 
  i once refused to pop bloodlust because a partymember kept saying `` pop hero '' . 
  i had him apologize for his last mistake . 
  well sure , but did you find mankriks wife ? 
  i was the first in my guild to receive a legendary in legion . 
  and it was from my very first emissary cache . 
  guildleader benched me ( as a joke ) because my dps would put the rest to shame . 
  and i got the rocket mount from blingtron and sold it for 250k . 
  never had such an amount of wowcash . 
  who will take the judge of the righteous serious when it speaks in squirrel ? 
  what if dreams are our way to change reality in an alternate dimension but somehow we laugh it off as `` imagination '' . 
  maybe thats why the neanderthal got extinct . 
  the homo sapiens ' brain could influence reality and change matter to our thinking . 
  maybe we need so much sleep so a hidden organization can better `` pocket '' our brain activity and direct it to an alternate dimension . 
  it also explains why people are/feel smarter in the night plus people with less sleep get fatigued by immense brain activity . 
  maybe the reason we have computers/ai is to completely eradicate our brains power ?? 
  maybe aliens are trying to neutralize our brains because they fear us ? 
  i do n't know man . 
  even the whole zombie thing makes me think ... 
  maybe the timeless isle coins stuff ? 
  if they are a red transparent yaungol that is . 
  the robes are a nelf thing introduced to the demon hunter fashion . 
  illidan himself wore a robe before he went dh . 
  probably because it also showcases elegance , you basically dance with your glaives , even though you are blind . 
  its just something akin to tge class fantasy . 
  dk 's also had a robe like armor . 
  i think it was even their starting gear . 
  suramar is not timegated anymore, 
  easier + more ways to gear up !, 
  they can show the god fearing shaitan/devil who hates humans more than anything but at the same time he is still bound to/loves allah . 
  he could be a pragmatic human hating himself in human form and doing evrything he can to let men do evil stuff . 
  the two scribe angels who write down the bad and good things you have done . 
  maybe twins that mock anubis with his scale and he replies with smooth sarcasm . 
  maybe wednesday nodding to the quran saying `` its a compilation of old and new testaments and jewish scripts , and they still do n't believe in it . 
  i am not complaining though , people fighting over such things , too bad they can not envision my ass among them . '', 
  there is also the archangels , the lesser angels , the good djinns and the bad djinss , the angelic creatures , etc. . . 
  i just wish they could put in some turkic folklore . 
  right after `` yoga with the hozen '', 
  i am in for the government part , rest will be easy after that . 
  yeah , administration sucks for big firms . 
  aldrachi race is completely wiped out . 
  it was either submit or die since they were a dangerous warrior race . 
  legion would not dare to let them be after their first hostile encounter . 
  afaik the aldrachi could not be enslaved . 
  but yeah , maybe a semi-retcon akin to black dragons . 
  and here i thought blizz gave us a badass race that defied sargy and annihilated a whole legion envoy and an invasion . 
  6v6 elimination ? 
  oh man , also make a mode like csgo bomb planting ... instead one of the two teams has to take the flag in the mid and has to plant it on one of the two points . 
  timer goes off and you need to defend it . 
  enemy team , who could not get a hold on the flag , can burn flag ( defuse ) to win . 
  make it a 6 round game . 
  elimination mode is played quick . 
  this will make mindless zerging very punishable . 
  this requires more teamwork and strategy than comp mode . . lol ... 
  here you go blizz , you are welcome . 
  i feel sorry for the man , his ambition to become mayor has been destroyed by himself . 
  i also like how he changed face when the nva was formed and he joined them . 
  this guy can not be subtle at all . 
  could this project shift the current politics ? 
  do you even praise the light , you heretic demon !, 
  world quests are far better than dailies !, 
  ye same witg orisa shield . 
  play around the damn thing . 
  it is not much but use it ffs . 
  i can pop another !, 
  stay near me damnit !, 
  i become the mountain, 
  no , the long con is eu . 
  but do n't tell anyone . 
  isnt it animal transformer shizzle with gorills being optimus , jaguar bumblebee ? , then we had a rat and spider , been too long lol, 
  he just should have done an arthas trilogy . 
  - warcraft : rise of a king, 
  basically him growing up + warcraft 3 arthas pov + obv culling of stratholme for shock effect . 
  ends with him claiming frostmourne + killing his dad . 
  `` succeeding you father '',
