  but hey , a turk is a turk and we feel attacked/s . 
  it is an attack to erdogan . 
  not for turkey , yes for belgium . 
  but for me it does n't matter , i pay taxes to belgium , i live here , i have a life here , i should do my part as a citizen in a country . 
  i am integrated . 
  raised in flemish by mother since little . 
  i speak mostly dutch with my siblings and aunts/uncles . 
  never experienced much racism because i look white/turkic . 
  turks are in leftwing parties here = vote on leftwing . 
  rightwing in turkey because , turkey fr turks . 
  hypocrisy is very strong . 
  i do n't even understand = /, 
  1 . it can succeed , but it does n't because governments do n't really focus on it and let it have its way . 
  2 . kinda yes . 
  question is ; wie ben jij ? 
  probably someone i know :p, 
  it depends though , in some circles i am accepted 100 % and then you have the other circles where they think less of me . 
  you know ... since everyone can experience this ... 
  the multiple party system in turkey never worked tbh . 
  the coalitions were a farce and it watered down through the years . 
  a presidential system can keep a country like turkey moving forward . 
  with the party system the country stagnated around 1990 's . 
  the presidential system with a federal system akin to usa can solve the kurdish problem too . 
  a bigger turkey , a stronger turkey . 
  but what erdogan kept doing through the years was a mixture of progress and revenge politics ( due to him being locked up etc ) . 
  ever since we had akp , chp , mhp we did n't have decent tv debates , there were lots of fights in the parliament and lots of campaign sabotages . 
  a presidential system was kinda what we started with and then went to a multiple party system . 
  a democratic presidential system is doable . 
  but what we have now in turkey is erdogan wanting more power for himself = more executive orders without someone blocking him . 
  i would have voted no btw . 
  buffalo !, 
  ( always support your local club ! ), 
  eat more kebab , drink more tea and keep complaining how life is difficult . 
  we can fight the legion without the doomstone , ty . 
  nooblet here , how do you track main quest ? 
  i am still gon na play my dd nord stamdk 2h/bow because i like it . 
  dom ' t care for changes , i am a casual adventurer , i lke solo play and some occasional grouping . 
  i just love elder scrolls . 
  i keep my hardcore raiding for wow and yes you can play both mmos without hating one and other . 
  and for my next trick i will need someone to hold this apple . 
  [ spoiler / ] demon hunters are blind [ spoiler ], 
  i think this week is just a filler week from dadgar pov . 
  i just wish the providers like telenet and proximus do n't force their package deals to give me lots of advantages ... 
  i just want your unlimited fast internet for a reasonable price ... 
  but nooooo ... you got ta take it to get some decent `` deal '' for surfing ... 
  so i can respec easily with in-game gold but i would need to grind to level the new skills ( or those i have n't already ) ? 
  sounds feasible and not too difficult . 
  thanks . 
  another question , if i wanted to go dps , should i also invest in some defensive skills ? 
  i can survive fine atm ( lvl 26 stamdk ) , but will i need a lot of defensive skills ? 
  or can i do fine with a few + pot/food etc ? 
  i planned 2h/bow stam build , but did n't train any of the dk class skills ( i got the tip that stam builds should focus on their weapon skills ) , can you recommend me a few good defensive dk skills ? 
  ( if needed ) i also run 5 heavy 1 medium and 1 light . 
  survival hunter is my fav melee class . 
  the mb build up and unleashing fury . 
  the traps and dots plus your pet being a lesser nuisance yet an epic sidekick . 
  it is a manly spec, 
  believing that everything is worth it for love . 
  falling in love is as stupid a reaction as shitting in zero gravity . 
  i know many young couples whose lives are shit , they look depressed , peer pressured by the families to do stuff they do not like ( like marrying asap ) . 
  love comes and goes . 
  first love is an exam , everlasting love is the ultimate result . 
  use your brain , do n't think in dicks and pussies . 
  think like darwin . 
  think for survival . 
  think like ghengis khan . 
  think for worthy seed carriers . 
  love is just a temporary feel . 
  i play wow and started since first expac era . 
  i was 15 yo and read a some rp stories like epic battles etc happening on rp realms . 
  i created a character on a rp realm as a dwarf paladin . 
  i did some quests and i got a whisper from someone i did n't see . 
  he said if i wanted to be one of his child carriers and an erotic slave or something . 
  i said i was a male dwarf and he responded `` it wo n't hurt '' . 
  it says it gets autorenewed . 
  if i have 0 in steamwallet after i purchade 6months , will i get troubless ? 
  oddly specific number you have there , dreadlord . 
  i think it failed on some aspects . 
  small business owners lose customers also including apothecaries & restaurants ... 
  many `` dead zones '' where you barely see any people walk , only some bikers and your occasional public transport . 
  the inner ring is prone to get `` locked '' quite easily . 
  there are no alternate routes due to the barricades/blockades , one small accident and you have a shit traffic . 
  the inner ring already had heavy traffic intersections during rush hours , now it gets an extra load . 
  some barricades are senseless , they rerouted some roads to smaller , more bumpy roads with cars being allowed to park both sides and you have no room for two way traffic even though it is allowed ( like wtf ) . 
  this plan hurts our society more than our lungs . 
  it 's a cockblock for progress . 
  many shops will disappear . 
  they should have just done something with the `` real inner city '' . 
  matthias pls save us . 
  shaman get to control a water elemental dude to slay foes and purge fel fires . 
  unless others get the same wq ... 
  did n't see it on my dh, 
  okay , do n't tell the elf . 
  harry potter and the secret cow level, 
  tbf most ex-colonial powers are now having the same problem for which they have to act , albeit too late . 
  if you ca n't make integration policies and enforcing them on a project basis , then you have a history of incompetent governments . 
  and it is funny most moslims are from north africa , from the maghreb . 
  i just focus on one ranged character for most encounter convenience . 
  i do n't like casters that much in this game . 
  i love surv atm .
