newbs rolling demon hunter \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  nor a paladin . 
  rest of classes is good fun . 
  i just want to pledge allegiance to gul ` dan . 
  that 's why i snipe alliance in invasions on pvp servers . 
  king of fel , king of the demons and the first warlocks , lord regnant of the seven hells , khalassar of the great dark beyond , chieftain , betrayer of orcs , the necrolyte , father of imps !, 
  i never even try anymore to do damage because lucio 's weapons are like bubbles :(, 
  only use the knock back and hide behind corners and tanks ... 
  oh and wallriding untill i hit a small irregularity, 
  lets build a wall !, 
  lets make hanamura great again !, 
  something that loud as sneak attack ... 
  in comp mode you just have to listen , and most of the time someone sacrifices himseld by hunting down junkrats/riptires asap ... 
  i know what you mean . 
  you should take cover and launch riptire . 
  but with people flankng and scouts it gets harder tbf, 
  yes , you are right . 
  that is why there is 10 second control . 
  positioning . 
  but let us say in overtime ... and no time to hide . 
  you get punished hard as junkrat . 
  your ult is worthless imo . 
  if there is a warden rep , this could be a sick cosmetic reward, 
  and my [ thunderfury , blessed blade of the windseeker ] !, 
  7000 players ahead of me . 
  damn, 
  i only need demon hanzo - got the witch , junkrat , roadhog , symmetra , zenyatta , ana and reaper one ( all from just 19.99 purchase ), 
  rng sucks for those who do n't get it :(, 
  it can suffer the same fate as ... 
  symmetra is always busy . 
  she is the guardian in the shadows . 
  there plenty of nice grafitti in ghent . 
  sometimes when taking buses or trams i stare in awe at some amazing art . 
  does ghent promote these ? 
  \u0130 am pretty sure the head figures of the pentagon wo n't blindly trust a president . 
  especially if one is an orange called trump . 
  comci sans in gent . 
  nice place, 
  back when trailers were so crappy you had to see the movie to know what it 's about . 
  zombie trend is slowly decaying . 
  only twd will continue to crawl . 
  but in the end what is dead may never die . 
  more ` helping a civilization ' than ` collateral damage and hey look we kinda saved those species ' . 
  \u0130 want to see a alien civil war were politics are key and the enterprise has to adapt to their culture and tradition to be actually usefull . 
  plottwist : the culture practices virgin sacrifice and their tradition is a blood orgy . 
  we just ca n't have nice things . 
  glad enh shaman can finally play the game again . 
  when they were writing an article , i mastered the hammer . 
  when they were criticizing my weapon , \u0130 mastered the elements . 
  when they were shitposting on the cyberweb in pursuit of adrevenue , i cultivated artifact power . 
  and now that the new patch is lit and my itemlevels increase , you have the guts to talk shit about my hammer ? 
  some friends took the bait of a company via another person . 
  the way they gave me the info about how they gain quick money and other pyramid scheme stuff gave it away . 
  \u0130 googled the company and found many forums and reviews saying it was not a pyramid scheme . 
  suffice to say it was a pyramid scheme and they each lost 10k + euros ... kyani is the company name . 
  they even opened an office which lasted two weeks with one years of work and money ... 
  this is why surv is awesome, 
  because big shoulders make a man . 
  \u0130 'll follow him into battlefields and beyond, 
  i love small/compact cars . 
  that being said any new small car with a pumped up racing badge is ` imo ' underrated . 
  and that being said , the vauxhall/opel ( / buick ( us ? ) ), 
  adam s is nice to drive with . 
  feels like a mini on roids and driving feels smoother than an abarth 500 . 
  warlocks channel fel and dark energies while shadow priests use their bodies as a old god magic vessel which you can control untill it consumes your sanity . 
  warlock = fel power, 
  \u0130 amplaying alts for order hall campaigns . 
  just finished demon hunter one . 
  we got spaceships now . 
  the real touch machines, 
  i wonder what blizz has to say about this . 
  it 's quite high quality stuff and fams love it . 
  maybe blizzard would make ... nah ... nvm . 
  \u0130 do n't trust lenny since he bought his way up . 
  this causes unwanted troubles . 
  \u0130 hope mister trump handles it well . 
  because ... you know ... you are in charge of the united states of fucking america ... basically the head domino piece of the world . 
  that is probably my best achi, 
  because its free, 
  my second main because \u0130llidan was right . 
  blood dk cookiecutter dps build is my all time favorite spec . 
  f blizzard for ruining it . 
  unless you play survival . 
  that there is true dedication . 
  you see a surv hunter walking with a stick , you know . . in these days ... he ai n't afraid of nothing l. 
  \u0130 have a black matte honda dax that i take out of my garage in spring/summer . 
  people like it amd always tell me how much i paid etc. 
  \u0130t is a dax . 
  \u0130t is cheap ... 
  but i love it . 
  cruising evryday to work is a blast with my little mount . 
  that is . . but . . de wever did . . nvm . 
  \u0130t is the nva . . 
  verhofstadt is busy owning eurosceptics . 
  he is become europa . 
  around here we have a `` correction system '' . 
  when you go 40kmh in a 30kmh zone , you get fined for 34kmh . 
  \u0130t is a system because the speed you roll with is never truly right due to many factors like it was a clear day , you were slowly braking , your speedometer is a bit wrong , etc. 
  \u0130t is a straight 50 euros fine . 
  \u0130f not paid immediately it is 60 .
