  suramar was the best lore development in-game we got . 
  legion is by far my fav expac . 
  i will ride with him to the battle of awws . 
  would be nice to be wardens of the aspects . 
  since they 've lost a good chunk of their power and they are becoming less in ranks , we could bind ourselves with spirits of fallen dragons to keep up the legacy of the aspects . 
  and harder to get too , which is nice . 
  its the adrenaline rush , act before you think, 
  keeping arturian legends alive it seems, 
  people who divorce should be punished equally , unless it involves children . 
  i mean , both agreed to marry , so if they are open for a 50/50 lifestyle , they should also be open for a 50/50 regret ... 
  only energy that matters is the one one we channel for goku 's spirit bomb \\ o /, 
  blizzard . 
  their customer support never failed me nor my friends . 
  always cheerful replies and its like you are talking to a veteran adventurer . 
  we would be fucked if the dead could rise . 
  brussels , the capital of eu . 
  most boring place on earth . 
  its as if they deliberately said `` which capital has the lowest numbers of tourists ? 
  lets give it a reason to visit ! '', 
  i will never go unless i have a very grounded excuse ... also i live in belgium fml, 
  i think its mostly how his face can express so much . 
  his eyes alone can make shit happen . 
  my friend has the same features and he is a known charismatic role model in the area . 
  csgo , untill my little brother mastered deagle and awp ... 
  a colleague of mine was a racist untill he got mugged and stabbed by his fellow racist friend for money . 
  i tried eso , but that mmo demands more of your time to actually get something done . 
  wow is casualized while holding onto mythic and harder content . . so thats a good thing for people who have families and work, 
  i hoped for a more majestic and science-y setup , but this gives an ulduar fine which is absolutely fine . 
  thats why we bench her . 
  next expac i want her head going infinite rounds in the maelstrom . 
  and in close proximity the scouts would use ( lit ) arrows to alarm the barracks when enemies approached . 
  turkic/mogol tribes started this as an effective and fast way to react to incoming threat . 
  usually it would be the number of arrows that were linked with a message . 
  1 would be danger imminent , 2 need some time to observe and confirm and 3 is safe . 
  in the dark they would keep it simpler since lit arrows would be too visible for the enemy . 
  they would keep it at 1 . 
  danger imminent . 
  i think elemental forces are universal , and you have many ways to tap its powers . 
  on azeroth , you can use the powers on their terms ( nobility , honor , intrunsic value ) , by using spirits as a medium or by enslaving . 
  on outland/draenor only by earning the trust of the four biggies or establishing spiritual balance ( internal/external ; as shown in quests ) . 
  in pandaria it was those children like elementals that was a way to appear to the inhabitants , they kinda feared the elemental lords but allowed others to channel elemental powers via them . 
  in northrend we had the evil spirits interupting the spiritual plane for shaman , only by defeating those spirits they could once again use elemental powers at full charge . 
  on argus , as with any planet i think , the elemental planes ( if they have ?! ), 
  might be desolate , elemental life nihil but they can maybe channel ancient spirits and ask them to show them a way to dab into the force of nature . 
  it does not have to be elementals per se . 
  see it like chemistry , the needed elements are there , but you need a way to focus on it and channel it . 
  fyi : i have not read the chronicles yet . 
  i base all this on the ingame quests , since i main an ele shaman , i have deep interest in the lore . 
  precision german engineering !, 
  aka reingate !, 
  pls fix rein . 
  cuddlefuck is doable just fine, 
  bmw is the worse though , my family loves bmw , if we were n't decent middle class , we 'd be bankrupt . 
  i keep at volkswagens - most maintenance i can manage myself ... and parts are not expensive, 
  blanco . 
  political systems and parties need to reform and fuck cumuls . 
  i am not even a leftwinger . 
  whats the chance we 'd get an independant ? 
  yeps , i pay for comfort + . 
  i get good extra stuff for a small sacrifice . 
  my brother however has the cheapest and he is fine with it . 
  can not trust the variabel ones , housing market in belgian is known for its swings . 
  even bankers know that shit is fucked up but they can not really say those stuff ... because work etc. . 
  yesterday i played mercy and the pharah was struggling to get kills , i asked other support to switch to lucio to semi carry the team while i went pharmercy without letting the pharah know . 
  then when he got on fire and got lots of kills he spoke and sounded genuinly very humble and happy and thanked me a lot . 
  made feel me good, 
  what ?!, 
  so all this-and he made us-we even went to-but why ? 
  ye , pissed winston off too at the same time . 
  never make harambe angry, 
  leather looks sweet tbf , plate is good.too ... rest is bit off, 
  needs to look more majestic/powerfull/great . 
  the wotlk lich king model looks more menacing ... 
  well ... real life gets priority . 
  i love lfr for the sole reason i can experience raids ... and i absolutely love mythic dungeons ... seriously , people in my pov adore this . 
  we do not have a lot of time to play , but atleast we get a chance to do hard content for good loot . 
  it hurt to eat a demons heart without any sauce or spices . 
  it gives the shits . 
  kids in voicechats , most of them didnt hit puberty yet . 
  i am just gon na do ranked between 00.00-06 .00 to atleast progress with competent players . 
  i shit you not , in pandaria when the sha world boss spawned and i had my headset on pretty high volume , i thought i was having weird seizures , the sky in game changed and that sinister zonewide dialogue ... 
  its not that they are toxic or acting shit , there isnt much teamwork since they usually pick what they want and indirectly dont aim to assist the teams effort . 
  we always try to communicate , it just works a few times but is really a drag, 
  oooh whatcha sayyyyy, 
  my uncle is an avian expeditor or something like that ( he charts land geography things looking for changes in landscapes/forests/rivers / coast lines ) . 
  he usually starts flying very early in the morning , he does it at requests from various un governtmental organizations to do this . 
  one day he had to fly above the black forest ( the one in germany ? 
  ) , he saw a small old house , middle in the forest , covered by some trees , and saw like a couple of people running from it , he said he saw them leave the house . 
  he found it weird so he mapped the coordinates and gave it to aurhtorities as a `` unknown activity '' . 
  the authorities knew the house and said they found dead people , two women and a man , a couple of years ago and the locals close to the forest say the place is cursed . 
  they went to look again and found another body , half eaten like this time ... shit is crazy and it seems the authorities did not take it seriously or something ... 
  this shit is old school fairy tale bait, 
  we need puzzles , we need treasure trails like runescape had , we need more than digging for sure ... 
   see people tagging but not dpsing, 
   use threat reducers, 
   sit back and watch the afkers get killed or they actually start dpsing ... 
  hunters feign and other , not all , classes have a button to reduce threat i think . 
  or you can ressurect if you play lock/shammy ... you know the drill, 
  kinda funny when gods follow darwinism to actually survive, 
  at this point , the coalitionpartners are in a hatefuck relationship with lots of ragecirclejerking .
