  this was great but too bad of the meta 's but hey , its something we need to take with it ... 
  i do nit get how they will deal with shoes for naga ... tail armor ? 
  but would n't that be their legs ?? 
  i mean idunno, 
  lord baelish will sellout jon snow to cersei confirmed, 
  people buy the raw for cooking xp tho, 
  politics in belgium should be a bit more harsher , nowadays people just suck it up and do not dare to stand for principles . 
  scared of government getting disfunctional ? 
  we survived a year without one ... 
  the thing is , most thorbjorn players hug their turrets . 
  the best tac as a thorbjorn is to setup your turret to 2nd stage in a hard to see place . 
  and you should get somewhere tactical and lure enemies towards it . 
  if your turret gets destroyed put down a basic turret and keep running , to a safer place and quickly put down a turret and up it to 2nd stage . 
  you must always keep the point/objective in check . 
  when your ult is ready , go offensive , flank the enemy , you are a dwarf so you can hide very well in sneaky peaky mode . 
  just odst behind enemy lines , ult and pump up the turret and keep shooting molten metals . 
  pls do not hug your turret , you can make love with it when an orissa or rein are in for a golden three way . 
  your turret is a part of your kit and you can be usefull without it . 
  just act smart , play around your turret and keep an eye on the objective . 
  never setup your turret in the same place when its destroyed . 
  surprise your enemy , use random tactical spots . 
  the turret has a good range so do not worry about it . 
  you can spot a good thorbjorn player when he owns in attack . 
  just my 2cents . 
  pacific rim is the closest we will get to a gundam like movie . 
  i love it . 
  now i just hope they will have an army of jaegers and next movie we will have interspace travel and civil war . 
  pegasus the bad guy versus hiro . 
  pls gib, 
  i agree , gundam is a wide concept concerning manned warmachines . 
  they have lots of elements it play with . 
  sidenote : my all time favorite https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebqdyavv-_m, 
  hear me ^ meow, 
  europeans who have visited brussels have seen detroit , new york and los angeles all in one . 
  ( said an american friend ), 
  he never dies . 
  he is an embodiment of `` everywhere and nowhere '' . 
  how do they even come up with this stuff ? 
  holy shit , sounds like a soccer game crowd, 
  it fits the ele hidden artifact , and i would guess this tier is based around artifacts . 
  i am became gay , destroyer of ass . 
  sounds like an epic title for homoerotic novel . 
  i race changed my monk from panda to orc - xmogging feels better now, 
  those shock spells look awesome . 
  reminds me of the last airbender, 
  we have manbear now though, 
  we had a guy once who played die mofo die everytime he ulted . 
  and yes he was a reaper . 
  almost cutmyself on his edge, 
  this might work tbf . 
  you need to face certain enemies to uncover a new tactic/spell/skill . 
  you learn it from the fight . 
  tfw you are never in red team, 
  hold my beer , i am going in . 
  alliance are evil in my pov, 
  did you ever hear the tragedy of gul ` daniel `` the warlock '' ? 
  i thought not . 
  it 's not a story the kirin tor would tell you . 
  it 's a horde legend . 
  gul ` daniel was a dark lord of the horde who lived many years ago . 
  he was so powerful and so wise that he could use the fel to influence the midichlorians to create life ... 
  he had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying . 
  the dark side of the fel is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural . 
  he became so powerful ... the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power , which eventually , of course , he did . 
  unfortunately , he taught his apprentice everything he knew , and then one night , his apprentice killed him in his sleep . 
  it 's ironic that he could save others from death , but not himself . 
  hence a tragedy, 
  my orc shaman is a retired soldier . 
  he makes a living by entertaining the masses with elemental puppetry , by reenacting and exaggerating battles . 
  his next play is `` do you smell what the rock is cooking ? '', 
  followed by a sneak peak of his next `` flowing rocks , burning winds : an extraordinaire , elegantly orchestrated visual spectacle , narrated by yours truly , morgan freeman '', 
  junkrats prostethics are from omnics he blew up . 
  how rad is that, 
  tagging along with consent does not equal teamwork . 
  elemental shaman is just because i wanted a combat mage and something like last airbender . 
  now with the casting changes it will look epic . 
  ( punches = shock ! ), 
  we were all monsters . 
  some more rotten than other i tell ya . 
  and among them you had the real toxic ones . 
  and then you have those for which the darkest place of hell are reserved . 
  i am talking about hanzo-mains . 
  could n't feel attached to characters , you already knew who the bad guy was before halfway the movie , no real build up , main story was bedazzled behind some let us say `` sidestories '' , some unexplained elements , etc. . 
  also the lead actors look like brother/sister which gave me an uncomfortable feeling ... ( same lack of facial expressions ), 
  i 'd give it 6 at most . 
  the cgi was nice, 
  agree with this . 
  relics are just another + x % and + wep ilvl . 
  i would have rather seen some big additions to make them interesting besides gaining ilvl . 
  like , idunno , storm artefact increases your thunderstorm knockback distance or it stuns all enemies . 
  or frost artefact spreads your frost shock slow effect to two extra enemies . 
  ( shammy examples ) . 
  me too !, 
  i do n't die quick anymore !, 
  suramar is a fun and aesthetically pleasing metropolis, 
  too bad it is being ignored . 
  i wanted a phasing where it was purged from demons and you had access to some cool vanity stuff ... 
  i grew with warcraft and then proceeded with wow . 
  wow became a part of my life . 
  nothing too spectacular since i 'm a semi-casual , but still a part nonetheless , which cherish a lot .
