  and i think talon is the cause why overwatch was declared illegal and was shut down . 
  overwatch is the odst - get in the action , neutralize , get out . 
  but somehow talon made overwatch look bad by pointing out their `` unethical '' , `` out of law '' actions . 
  see it as how superman was deemed dangerous because he acted not by law nor by governmental control . 
  edit : confused blackwatch with talon, 
  homeless people 's meaning of life is to survive . 
  whereas we , common folk , seek it beyond our internal values . 
  mankind and the current pace of welfare and progression will make us lose more value and nurture will teach us how to be happy with fake and nominal values . 
  artificial happiness is what scares me most . 
  arcane nuke incoming, 
  orisa/rein defense meta is a thing now . 
  kia is decent . 
  i wish they would use their alternate badge instead of the letter one . 
  much cooler . 
  kia has potential and i see more and more nice cars of them . 
  the 2017 facelifts are aweet too . 
  this warlock knows whats up, 
  i was one the nelf hunter starters because legolas . 
  but then i was forced horde because friends played horde . 
  did n't have nelfs . 
  picked a orc shaman . 
  fell in love woth the class fantasy . 
  second main is demon hunter . 
  wanted a tank and dps alternative . 
  from my point of view she is a savior . 
  belgium has more muslims than denmark . 
  belgium has a vocally srronger muslim community . 
  and of course the parties using the multicultural agenda for own gain etc. . . 
  black market slaughtering will be popular and its funny how native local farmers and herders are willing to sell their sheep . 
  they just let them pick a sheep . 
  they prepare them for the muslim to cut it ( and it is quite strange the farmers/herders know where mecca lies ... 
  i have met a few who did their research ) , after the muslim is done with the cutting the herder/farmer does the rest . 
  sheep prices will skyrocket tho . 
  from 150-200 euros a sheep it will be closer to 250-300 . 
  i have a feeling they axed stuff again ... 
  missed opportunity here to help rebuild suramar with the nightfallen . 
  an extra faction of them which could introduce us to their old customs , traditions , etc. 
  no gated quest grindz , but just to see how their metropolis functions without demonnazis . 
  a followup of the elven coalition with a new elvish tabard !, 
  another small thing should be uncovering the secrets of legion spaceships , help our faction to build one of their own untill tomb opens ? 
  like operation landfall ? 
  ( mop one with barrens thing ) , a temporary event with notable rewards . 
  if they added these two it would 've been better . 
  the spaceship thing could be pve with optional pvp . 
  the elven thing could be more a political campaign . 
  i do n't think so , all i see are more worldquests and demons . 
  did they postpoint the patch ? 
  release a new patch with nothing decent to do . 
  mop on general was a contentdriven expansion ( soo 6 months was just blizzard preparing wod ... ) . 
  i loved everything about it . 
  the way they gave us new lore was awesome . 
  timegating is cancer , there i said it . 
  i know it is business to keep players active but timegating hyped content is a poor way to execute it . 
  blizzard please innovate in this . 
  monetize patches soon, 
  this was at the belgian comic con named facts . 
  the overwatch cosplayers had a little show . 
  oooh like this https://imgur.com/gallery/y1q8fjf, 
  too strong for a support , too weak for a support . 
  i do not know what she is . 
  what if we are in an inter-linked dream and elon musk knows the way out , but the masses get held back . 
  an entire rogue organization controls all leaders in the world , by replacing them by ai . 
  wars were orchestrated . 
  world disaster programs enabled . 
  diseases are implanted . 
  media is actually a way to insert messages in our brains . 
  but since late 90s , the internet , which is a flaw in the inter-linked dream , has become nuisance for what is out there . 
  the internet is being used by all of our conscious . 
  the dream started rupturing , small fragments of reality start to interfere with the interlink . 
  it is a dream within dream - another interlink which can not be easily controlled . 
  a strong medium which will be our escape . 
  this `` internet '' , this link is but a small taste of true freedom . 
  the outer forces are becoming aware they can not control us much longer . 
  they try to makes us think that this internet belongs to our inter-linked state - but do not be fooled . 
  the enemy will come in a form named isp , they will try to control , or atleast have a grasp of the link . 
  elon musk tries move the dream within a dream to space . 
  there the internet-link will be our gateway . 
  a final frontier . 
  if we breakout via the internet , we will be free . 
  it makes my ele shaman in skyshatter with artifact look way epic . 
  i think survival should be centered about more poison/venoms and little trap utility . 
  and also an extra pet combo spell would n't hurt . 
  smooth rotation , rewarding burst , good aoe , best class fantasy . 
  plus varying talent builds for various situations change your gameplay like d3 . 
  ( icefury , eleblast etc ), 
  o know that feel brah, 
  no , i like this system . 
  gives a fair start for all . 
  is cosmetically adjustable . 
  has its own skill tree . 
  has its own relics . 
  the weapons have something to progress after lvl cap . 
  i like it . 
  i hope they di something similar next expansion with other items . 
  ( i think trinkets or armor sets etc ), 
  it 's about a sending a message . 
  mr. snugglewort sends his regards . 
  i am ilvl 880 with my ele shaman i got agatha to 30 % ish . 
  the p2 needs you to unleash burst and all cd , time it correctly . 
  kill imps first , especially healsy imps .
