  these are so fun, 
  i had a witty joke in my mind , but decided to pass the karmawhoring to someone else . 
  feast well brother . 
  this was my go to comfy movie to fall asleep with , during rain etc, 
  you all got the wrong idea , this is what barrage feels like, 
  this is bad and you should feel bad, 
  awww yisss, 
  well trump did campaign to change the game field . 
  it is now usveuvussrvrestofthegoddamnworld . 
  humans are way too unpredictable . 
  we ca n't even hold all the feels and fulfill all the needs , let alone let us willingly react to same sheets . 
  the rewards are shite ; - ;, 
  outlaw has a weird rotation , atleast for me . 
  i hate how this sub blatantly defends timegating . 
  survival is the brainiac spec , rest is shoot and kill . 
  ever since bgs were a thing . . 
  zonechats depend on your server . 
  but i agree , people do not talk much ... 
  i kind of like the simplicity it offers . 
  this class is meant to do as its name says . 
  kill demons . 
  nothing more , norhing less . 
  no finesse , no art . 
  jusy swing your blades and kill . 
  we did n't see mich of his human form . 
  i expected his human form to be one of the encounter phases . 
  mists had the best . 
  introduced dmf music ? 
  plus jaina theme and obv oanda and monk themes, 
  hanzo players that only get kills witg scattershot are the worse . 
  but hey , i am no pro hanzo, 
  now we wait for halo . 
  ( i wish ), 
  at this point i just want to go back to killing dragons with my fellow adventurers . 
  does bungie still own halo ??? 
  dread wastes where you awaken the bugs and each had their own characteristics , some were bloodcrazy , some were sleepy , some were moriarty like , some threatened you but did n't kill you because they could use you well , then you had that bigass bug which was basically a living siege weapon . 
  damn shit was cool . 
  and ofc in soo when they greet you and want to kill you in style . 
  vanilla easter plaguelands , had some cruel/horrifying quests and really let you in the `` the undead/scourge are evil as fuck '' vibe . 
  i just liked the generic indiana jones style quests . 
  shit , there goes my hope for a remastered halo 1-3 for pc, 
  you obv never played slsl lock in bc , shit was godlike . 
  or blood dk in wotlk ... 
  change earth shock into earth spike and give shaman a `` stomp '' animation where the enemy gets impaled by spikey earth . 
  also make flame shock be razor winds , engulfs the enemy with cutting winds . 
  also lvb crit on razor winds makes sense since wind/air increases fire powahhh . 
  tada , now we are truly an elemental shaman . 
  then never again change a thing about ele, 
  i fuggen love survival hunter . 
  as an orc i can finally play a decent melee wolfmaster . 
  orc priest pls, 
  modern example for one , wage slavery is a thing . 
  working your ass off and still not able to provide food for a standard family ( parents + 2 kids ) is slavery . 
  most of our clothes come from wage slavery . 
  arabic countries lure foreign workers and put them in slavery , best current example is qatar where they prep for world cup . 
  my example does not go for the western civilization . 
  i was talking about bangladesh , china , india etc, 
  lure them with a job , put em in slavery . 
  most of those workers get less to nothing in payment . 
  forcing them to do what you want is slavery . 
  you take away their freedom by taking away their identity , cellphones , etc. 
  they basically erase your existence . 
  who is even offended by this ? 
  i do not get why people start these topics ? 
  a mild case of government not giving a fuck, 
  went shaman because redmist . 
  can someone give me ranking of leagues/cups ? 
  is euroleague highest in europe ? 
  thanks, 
  well if we replace the hooves with stilletos , makes sense that legs ' muscles are jacked . 
  my aunt wears high heel shoes since she was a teenager . 
  she is fashionista and designer . 
  her legs are insanely jacked , it creeps me . 
  it has veins and shit . 
  player housing will be a thing . 
  mark my words !, 
  we will get to chose from a few zones to make a champions rest or something and we will get to show our achievements , gear sets etc. 
  blizz will combine the good stuff from garisson and order hall . 
  it will be purely cosmetic . 
  no ah , no inn , no trainers , no bank , nothing . 
  but you will be able to get cosmetic rewards from outdoor activities . 
  i did that a lot the first few times on my dwarf . 
  i thought it was an abandoned tunnel system in which you had to walk through , did n't knew wow tech was advanced enough for a subtram . 
  in my country , smart people use fake licenses and it works most of the time because the gov forgot to invest in serverhamsters amd their databases are really flawed . 
  it is a joke . 
  but to be fair , older people with their old license are more horrible drivers than the youth nowadays , but the government punish the future generations for their past flaws by making it difficult to get a license . 
  ( we have a driversschool lobby which basically wants more money and raise tuition fees every fucking year plus they recently lobbied successfully against autonomous car technology ) . 
  belgium is shitty country politics wise . 
  no fun is allowed . 
  youth is bane of all evil . 
  when the sun shines the brightest they manage to make ot appear cloudy . 
  it is quite a depressing country . 
  enh ele , i level up via enh and then end-game i go ele . 
  ele is my favorite caster , but leveling is more fun with enh, 
  but how else will hanzo mains get kills ? 
  i have soldier , zarya and lucio . 
  i want tracer and hanzo ; - ;, 
  i have heard saruman did n't get the popular vote , but he still won by electoral vote . 
  fyi middle earth voted for gandalf . 
  meanwhile in mordor , erdoga-errr sauron is still in power .
