  also use thunderstorm , aoe stun and earthbind a lot . 
  use elementals when there are too many imps or shortly after phase 2 . 
  also imps  agatha always . 
  i have only the legendary trinket . 
  cl and eq a lot . 
  do n't focus too much on agatha . 
  imps kill you , not her . 
  i lack the damage atm , but around 900 ilvl i think can manage her . 
  i got low mana due to selfheals . 
  otherwise not doable . 
  agreed, 
  when :d, 
  we stopped at the museum when we went to prague , from belgium . 
  it was a schooltrip and our schooltrip leader was our history teacher . 
  he told us in a dark entertaining way what happened . 
  the museum had a short documentary , he asked the museum staff to mute it aso he could do the voiceover . 
  he literally aced it by telling us everything , explaining all that was shown . 
  i will never forget this experience . 
  also , one of the staffmembers tried to interrupt him but he shoo 'd in a german fashioned way . 
  she wanted to ask us if we could move away the bus , it was parked wrong . 
  man , i miss school . 
  i miss everything about it . 
   `` look , herr hitler , you could randomly pick 10 ' 000 czech citizens , we can start an administration and we will have it ready in two weeks , or ... you could just raze the village , crush its inhabitants , enslave the children , see them driven before you , and hear the lamentations of their women ! '', 
  i like diz plan you naughty boy ! '', 
   `` just doing mein part for the reich , mein fuhrer . '', 
  ps : even in our darkest of times , if we can not laugh , the enemy will have a victory . 
  attack torb in oasis is soo rewarding, 
  i think the plan works , the inner city is now safer for pedestrians and bikers . 
  might be due to holidays , because the ring is smooth atm . 
  but i fear one small car accident on the ring will cause chaos almost immediately . 
  despite the fact that it takes longer than 15m now to get to work ... 
  stop cutting onions ; - ;, 
  looks sick, 
  comp mode should put horrible teamplayers together as punishment . 
  because the eu lacks balls , too busy deciding if eu is worth it or not . 
  i am extremely mad at the european organizations and those who seek to disable the entity . 
  freemasonry is a thing . 
  my wow character . 
  i know it sounds stupid , but he became a part of my life . 
  i play on-and-off since burning crusade launch . 
  but the dude is just what describes my youth , my setbacks , my perseverance , my passion and my online cameraderie . 
  a bunch of pixels for all but a piece of my soul . 
  bobby kotick works on the account management in his free time . 
  my monks uses fists of fury, 
  do n't you dare to call my waifu a shit wizard, 
  invest in modern agriculture in north korea , set up some plants and its gg for all . 
   nothing personal, 
  the professors/lectors make the same jokes . 
  the usual `` nu in het nederlands graag '' reaction when a west-vlammerke asks something ... 
  they will re-introduce them as legendary relics next expac . 
  librams , totems , quivers , pouches etc. . . will have their own talent trees etc. . . 
  i think . 
  i have read somewhere they have a bountiful of finished items resting in their hamster-drive . 
  they should have kept it . 
  the fog of war adds a new element which keeps it exciting . 
  fuck that witch . 
  i ' rather have the elements tear her apart at the maelstrom , her screams will echoe in eternity . 
  let this be a warning for all who think they can escape judgment . 
  problem with north korea is , is that it costs china a lot . 
  amd since china does n't need a geopolitical ally ( anymore ) such as nk , they better make trade agreements with countries that actually can make money . 
  best thing they can do for humonity is unify korea , establish better trade pacts and its win win for the region . 
  north korea will become a strong modern agricultural society with various plants , invested by south korea . 
  i think the cold war assets and geopolitical jibbery is becoming irrelevant . 
  you can harm more by economical ways in these times . 
  now if russia just stopped annexing shit and become more civilized across their country , we might have hope yet for the superpowers . 
  paranoid dude or he made a joke , a bystander heard it and called the cops . 
  10 years later there still is the best world pvp in hellfire . 
  but there is a chance ... 
  the hermit from the wc campaign ? 
  dawn of the new tbag . 
  great time to be alive . 
  as a turkish ghentian , i too can verify if needed , i can answer questions too . 
  my family is mostly kemalists/statists ( devletci ) with some being ulkucu ( grey wolves movement ) and some being chp . 
  i come from anatolia , a village in afyon ( emirdag , majority of turks in ghent come from here ), 
  i studied aso , currently in my last year of international law studies . 
  i am pro presidential system in turkey but kinda against erdogan ( for various reasons , not because i hate him ), 
  if you are a regular , they wo n't , but if you start asking unusual stuff they will shit talk you , subtly, 
  my father lives here for 26 years , no single dutch . 
  he worked in a factory full of turks , no need for dutch . 
  my mother however , studied and born here , fluent ghentian dialect and decent an . 
  ( both turks ), 
  arrogance comes from the fact the turks in general never were really oppressed and think high of themselves . 
  everywhere in the world , turks are seen as stubborn and arrogant people . 
  they will pursue their rights and arguments usually end ( if not justified ) in verbal abuse . 
  however , there are disparities between flemish turks and brussels turks . 
  i do n't know why but i seem to like flemish turks much much better than brussels/walloon ones . 
  haha , not really , however most facebook friends can only act as keyboard warriors , but when i call them up for a debate in the `` vereniging '' they ca n't stand for themselves . 
  this is sad really , ignorance is bliss ? 
  i even had fb friends who snitched their feto friends to the turkish authorities . 
  i know feto people too , but this is beyond stasi ... 
  not with the current state of affairs no . 
  kilicdaroglu must leave , and the party needs an overhaul . 
  he is incompetent in many ways . 
  chp does n't have a clear agenda atm and just does a bit of everything to get votes . 
  because every summer they go there and think it is better life there . 
  but reality is otherwise , while we go for a `` vacation '' and live like pasha 's in the `` summer houses '' , rest of the country has it far worse . 
  it is the delusion of the masses to think it is better life there . 
  turkey has booked major progress on all fields ( except politics ) though . 
  the media focusing on `` turks '' as a threat . 
  the turks point to turks in politics in turkey , not us .
