  sweden might not be a stark but the same northern blood runs through its veins . 
  from this day till the end , sweden is my king , the king in the north !, 
   netflix takes over , all episodes of a season released at once, 
  no she said, 
   get to da choppa, 
  i am waiting for an armored dany . 
  but what bothers me is that she has zero combat skill ... 
  only king sweden can legitimize the bastards, 
  why did n't they use the hammer to keep cracking the ice around them ? 
  they were with 5 + , everyone could have taken watch , keeping the ice in check . 
  danys eyes did it for me . 
  it is as if she just wanted to burst in tears , she had to stay strong ... 
  if you ever visit belgium , pm me and i would buy you a drink, 
  i love surv hunter, 
  the rewards are quite decent for such short scenarios, 
  revenant ( mail armor/intellect/1h + offhand ) - a former battlemage whose spirit escaped death due to overexposure to arcane which was massively used during the battle for kul ` tiras . 
  due this horrendous event they have gained access to a whole new dimension of arcane energy uses , spectral . 
  - ward ( tank ), 
  story : the battlemages of kul ` tiras did not only excell in spell casting but also in armed combat . 
  they would use spells to empower their weapons . 
  most battlemages would carry a family heirloom , passed on through centuries , resulting in a collection of powerful arcane enchantments . 
  a good chunk of battlemages who died escaped death through their powerful bond with their weapons , but they are in an altered state , spectrals - lingering in this world - seeking more knowledge and protect those who are in need . 
  specialty : summons an arcane/spectral weapon from an array of weapons you can customize ( cosmetic , can choose various looks of weapons or replicate existing ones ) to keep foes at bay and become a barrier to protect your allies . 
  ( something like dk 's but more permanent - an arcane/spectral weapon following you ) . 
  it will not act as a pet - nor will there be a control bar for the weapon !, 
  keep reading . 
  your weapon is always in summoned state and its health is your health since you are spectral linked with it . 
  key spells :, 
  spectral weapon deals your current weapon damage ( auto attack ) - any ranged attack involves your wep auto attacking the enemy, 
  - spectral surge : basic ranged attack/1 .5 s cast - deal x damage, 
  - challenge : taunt - your weapon moves in a challenging way - attracting attention of a foe, 
  - arcane ravage : aoe - your weapon strikes all enemies around the target , dealing x damage and causes your next spectral surge to deal dmg to all enemies . 
  - call back : for mobility - your weapon goes to you , making you taunt the target . 
  ( to move during mechanics ), 
  - spectral throw : aoe taunt ( something akin to avenging shield from paladins ), 
  - spectral empowerment : large hitter on short cd which gives you and your weapon a shield for x duration - can be procced by spectral surge . 
  - etc, 
  did not thoroughly think it out , but it would be awesome to have an elegant spectral arcane armsmaster prancing on the battelfield . 
  mine was the pandarian loremasters . 
  i read them all twice ( one on main and one monk for tabard ), 
  i am vouching for an extensive glyph system . 
  especizlly themes ... 
  hunters : glyphs that set animal themes for your spells . 
  feral theme , wolf theme , owl theme etc. 
  changes f.e. 
  bm spells effects, 
  shaman : elements themes . 
  fire theme , lb becomes a fireball , cl red lightning , earth shock becomes molten spike etc. 
  paladin : f.e. 
  tauren paladins get a tribal theme . 
  avenging wings becomes totem on the back that radiates light , judgement spell becomes a totem stomp effect etc, 
  people riot for less tho, 
  meanwhile russia is having fun watching big brother : white house edition . 
  you see trump in a closet quietly whispering towards the camera . 
   are you not entertained ? 
  i think this is legit . 
  the `` leak '' describes changes and additions the forums pleaded for . 
  and racial campaigns means finally a much needed decent reset of current political/world affairs . 
  so you and your wife fight out your quarrels in-game ? 
  he will observe all his enemies in one warg session . 
  and sansa become the nights queen . 
  this little effect detail can also be considered as the white wolf is still alive . 
  that is what i thought too . 
  dany 's entourage probably knows she cant have kids ( yet ), 
  and tormund will be like, 
   i saw his pecker , that 's where his greatness ends , for me atleast, 
  what i find weird is that you have the option to disable team chat in ranked . 
  and many people i have encountered probably do disable all chats ... we already got an option to individually block players , even during games ... 
  fookin kneelers in my sub !, 
  survival is in an above average place , it needs some minor tweaks , but the spec itself is fine and something fresh, 
  i do what i feel like, 
  raid xp ? 
  lfr or pug normals, 
  challenge ? 
  mythic dungeon with guildies, 
  pvp ? 
  bg and brawls, 
  legion introduced more ways to play !, 
  my orc shaman is my bby . 
  been playing since bc and i can not abandon my shadow in the fantasy realm . 
  fuck i feel old ... 1991 here, 
  problem is most people do not see him as an individual but as the nva . 
  i bet if someone who was not right would not be focused as much . 
  now they just scrutinize any move he makes . 
  i do not like the nva but his job is bound to law . 
  warlock should just be waving his arms in the air like a crazy mf on speed . 
  i would assume just a high tier servant of an old god who has misintrepet the whispers . 
  it was `` fear and malice '' not `` fun and money '' , damnit silas . 
  and it was `` darkness comes for all '' not '' dank carousel '' . 
  sometimes its hard to differentiate gnomes and goblins - both crazy little foggers . 
  also give us darkmoon house of terror raid . 
   this is not the warchief you are looking for, 
  i bet on hbo straya, 
  first experience every expac to grasp lore and enjoy the levelling content before max lvl . 
  i loved the story telling in pandaria , especially in wod and legion was n't bad either ( suramar end game was one of the best lore experiences ) - except for brokenshore . . 
  ye i mean saurfang gave us the recipe of how to forge a badass axe . 
  can not get any awesome-r than that . 
  i stopped playing for a month ( july ) to play other games . 
  it feels good to take a small break, 
   you owe me one jon snu,
