  davos is a shepherd without herd . 
  he is wise , caring and above all , he has experienced all the shit other characters went/go through . 
  only thing he has not tasted is death . 
  and he stands vigilant against death . 
  he is also humble and acknowledges that he is not very clever but knows a thing or two . 
  he is like the best sidekick you can have . 
  but stannis and his superman-esque ego did n't need an alfred . 
  davos needs a batman , that is jon snow . 
  well , the panda knew it was coming . 
  so did wrathion , and to some extent anduin ... 
  well lad , that is your problem right there . 
  it does n't matter if the whole world and its moon plays overwatch , you will always have incompetent players , best thing to do is guide them . 
  if that does n't work , carry the team like atlas carrying the world . 
  someone has to do the job , and it better be someone who held all the feels . 
  - in bc we had illidan and others appear in questlines . 
  - in wotlk we had the lich king appear a lot , especially during notable quests , dungeons and we even had in-game cutscene ( wrathgate ) . 
  - in cataclysm we had deathwing literally shattering azeroth and he roamed around , we did not have `` really '' a lot of dw encounters , but we got raggy build up . 
  broken shore is plain dull compared to firelands . 
  - in pandaria we witnessed garrosh going loco , from start till the end . 
  people saying mop was a light-hearted expansion ... it was almost as bloody as legion start - we even had a civil war . 
  - in wod - you could say blizzard portraying all , but one , clan chieftains as evil dudes with an agenda . 
  most were n't even on the same line but just stuck together because hey `` we are the best f *** the rest . '', 
  but i refuse to acknowledge wod as an expac , for me it was more an intermezzo patch to build up legion ... 
  - legion - the suramar rebellion ( which was imo one of my fav strorytelling and build up ) . 
  and here it ends . 
  we almost at launch of tomb raid , we did n't have any notable demons , nor killy appearance . 
  we just kill lesser lieutenants , commanders etc. 
  no real threat . 
  no further story development . 
  broken shore could have been the firelands + timeless isle + tanaan combo = fun - but all we got is wq + generic rare killing and sure the towers but those are just pimped up wod towers . 
  the mongoose bite build up + crit hits always pumps me up, 
  boskaart pulled back . 
  we have space , no worries . 
  logistics here . 
  we sort and prep packages from businesses to clients . 
  no , we did not damage your package . 
  it was either a ) horribly packed by said business or b ) it got damaged during transit - to us or from us . 
  if to us , not our problem and we usually call them if we can repackage it for extra cost if not we return it in some occasions ... , if from us , we investigate the cause . 
  it mostly is because traffic ( sudden braking , etc ) and not everyone with a license is a good driver ( accidents ) . 
  our delivery guys are well trained and actively joined by the trainer for a long period to see the drivers quality . 
  so , please do not barge in our workplace and demand an explanation our customerservice will help you and our customer service is not located in india but in our goddamn capital city !!!!!!!, 
  have friend who quit after 4 years or 5 becoming a fullfledge millitary soldier and excelled in the it branche ... 
  he had good times though , went on a couple of nato exercises , some belgian humanitarian missions etc. . but he got bored of it , mostly because of the same routine he had to do and competition to move forwards is tense . 
  he works an it deskjob at proximus and is happier now . 
  can not go in detail since i know little of belgian millitary or his education . 
  yep warlocks and felfire is a hate/love relationship . 
  it is known that magi who dabbed in felfire mostly caused damage to self and surroundings . 
  shit is unstable . 
  wow has a strong meme game , rich history and notable events . 
  the game is build by blizzard and made by gamers . 
  you should take your time to discover things and have fun . 
  group up , find a guild , do quests , look things up , settle on a character etc. 
  then you have the end game which has different options for you to gear up / progress . 
  then you can do old content , hunt achievements , collect items etc. . . 
  i just want blood dps back . 
  after they changed dk i never touched my char ... 
  i have noticed the hanzo influx , but i just let them be . 
  more reason to refine my tank/support skills . 
  a raidleader kicked the two `` healers '' we had because they did `` low dps '' . 
  it was a disco priest and resto shammy . 
  he probably stared at his dps meter and saw them at the bottom . 
  when we told him to stop staring at the numbers and learn the encounter mechanics he ragequitted . 
  i assume it was just a kid trying to raid , i and a friend pugged . 
  we had good laughs though . 
  at one point he also blamed the tanks to move away so he would n't die . 
  and i was pretty sure he was not supposed to be dpsing there in the first place . 
  this was during cata firelands . 
  ranged is shadow priest and melee os feral druid . 
  dots and hard hitters are the key here . 
  i do all the stuff on my shaman . 
  then i level a couple of my fav chars to highest lvl and gear em up on a slow tempo . 
  my shaman is my ultimate char . 
  oh ok , thanks for quick response !, 
  - it gave us a good story involving the nightfalllen and certain characters . 
  - it build up to the raid , we started with a civil war/rebellion, 
  - we finally got all elves joining forces for the sake of saving their ancestral homeland, 
  - its rewards were ap thus beneficial for your main, 
  - it also set us closer to the legion and its plans , we pissed off killy by taking back suramar , and with that a rather big defeat for the legion, 
  - it was also an attunement , unlocked mythics for us, 
  - it opened extra world quests, 
  - all in all suramar was the epitome of the expac in contrary to the broken shore, 
  and yes if you did it once on your main character , most would not like to revisit it on an alt since it is all spoiled and will be a drag ... 
  most european police forces have roots from the napoleontic era and has undergone various evolutions in favor of the citizens they ought to protect and serve . 
  many regional socio-political revolts were supported by policing forces since their families were more important than notorious ( read ; ill-willed ) lawmakers . 
  also one of the reasons how a few countries got their independance from imperialistic countries . 
  power to the people !, 
  productivity is the same . 
  but you have different muslims too . 
  turkish muslims do n't tend to exxagerate the whole fasting thing while arabic/morrocan muslims can go full islam on this matter . 
  i work with like 30 or so turks and i do not see a difference . 
  they only go chill in the grass during lunch . 
  they are allowed to break fasting in the workplace ( they usually eat dates , a little snack or broodje and drink water ( 5-10minute break ) ) and then they continue working . 
  the 10m break is their 15m small break they skipped and carried over to breaking the fasting . 
  i do not have a problem with as does the other 165 employees working during the same shift ... 
  the fuck ? 
  i thought sabam was there to pursue illegal stuff ? 
  like screening a movie for money , or using music without permission during a play or event , etc. . . 
  with our lobby-horny government ? 
  good luck . 
  the government is being , now more than ever , heavily influenced by lobbies .
