  but tinkers , something steampunk . 
  3 specs , tank/melee/ranged . 
  it 's not like we 're playing overwatch and chill . 
  when ana boosts dva while in mech and it gets destroyed , does she still keep the boost ? 
  always wondered that . 
  thanks now i got ice tea in my nose, 
  fuck heintje for keeping best players on the bench . 
  fuck play off . 
  buffalo could 've won this . 
  great ball possession but no finisher experience . 
  everyone at my work say there was shady stuff during the match . 
  2nd one was n't a penalty . 
  but on the other hand psg defense/gk was horrible ... 
  you are the widowmaker i need , but not the one my ( mostly ) shitty teams deserve . 
  mal ` ganis is also an abusive asshole in lore . 
  remember stratholme !, 
  i kinda love this direction of legion . 
  everytime rein hits an enemy . 
  oh god that would be awesome . 
  the ult should not make him sparkle ( or less sparkly ) and he should be able to move normally when locked on so he can f.e. 
  get behind enemy lines aka through shields . 
  once locked on it stays locked on untill fired ( ult has timer ) make it like a timer on the marked characters . 
  you can fire untill you are out of bullets . 
  once you activate ult you get full charge . 
  seems like a fair deal for me . 
  also , can not lock more than one time just like live , you only mark those you see when pressing ult . 
  also one bullet per mark . 
  basically make his ult a walking oneshot ult which involves marked characters , 6 bullets and a virgin sacrifice so you do n't die fast . 
  tfw as rein main tank i get to snipe her a lot . 
  precision german engineering . 
  i just want a goatie like voljin . 
  give us facial hair , it is not like they went chemo , they just went voodoo :(, 
  there are , but i like the way they are harder to get than wod ... 
  i think garona is either written poorly by blizzard or no one can explain what or who she is in the warcraft universe . 
  i still think she is the embodiment of the female menstruation cycle , subtly written in between the paragraphs of the holy warcraft bible . 
  no offense to the ladies , just my 2copper, 
  i find that rein players are like bro-tier vs other reins . 
  they seem to challenge each other , yet are keeping their sportsmanship high . 
  dunno why , but rein players are often more respectable than others . 
  erdogan knows eu does n't want his referendum , he 's doing a putin on europe . 
  erdogan keeps feeding the wolves until he is out of money to buy food . 
  as you have noticed , the currency is in a very shitty state . 
  i remember times it was double the euro , now it is around 3.5 and even peaked 4 . 
  he 's harming his own foundation he build in turkey . 
  yes , he is that stupid . 
  appointing stupid ministers who do n't know a thing about their job . 
  i refuse that my country becomes a libya , syria or any arab dictator country . 
  the turkish republic is for the turks , by the turks . 
  not by the arab , for the money . 
  i give erdogan till late 2017 . 
  best case scenario mid 2018 . 
  he is dividing his own country , by embracing kurdish politicians , giving syrians more rights and money than your own poor people ... 
  am i a nazi if i think tom van grieken is much likeable and approachable than flipke ? 
  the eu is clearly showing their foreign affairs part lately by trying to influence a referendum if turkey . 
  why are they not allowed ? 
  do n't they want a stabilized neighboring country ? 
  even though it is borderline tyranny , turkey wants to shift to a american system for one sole reason ; multiple party system coalition never worked out well in turkey . 
  coalitions crumbled , parties reformed and shattered because of this . 
  even though i dislike erdo , i think he should do his campaign . 
  survival hunters dream, 
  shaman have the best visuals for class fantasy . 
  unless said pickers tell the team in an adult fashioned way they will switch after death , or after they realize it is not working out , i never trust random players . 
  luckily there a decent folks out there that seem to switch to assist the team . 
  i salute them and compliment them for the switching . 
  back in my time it happened like that a lot . 
  school started on the first monday of the month . 
  people are making a big deal of it because it gathers revenue by putting the emphasis on ` muslims ' . 
  i find their columns to be reasonable with somewhat gratified bias . 
  they switch between povs and actually have reasonable arguments . 
  the release pressure from big studios ... 
  if your game is n't complete , then do n't release it . 
  better later than being bombed by critics and gamers alike . 
  next patch will have a more vile greymane . 
  he wants to protect anduin and at the same time strike the horde . 
  this all because greymane thinks horde abandoned them during the assault cinematic . 
  anduin will try to figure out what really happened . 
  rein is good in good handa and bad in bad hands . 
  he does n't have ranged abilities except for the flamestrike . 
  his melee is strong enough for non-tanks . 
  his charge is decent to take out enemy tanks , killing them if not letting them sit for a moment . 
  his shield is decent for attack modes to advance forward . 
  only drawback playing a rein is , if his shield is down and support is dead , he is basically an ult pinata . 
  rein is the odd one the bunch , but he is godsent when you can handle his abilities . 
  soldier . 
  people would say we cod now, 
  a rein with uther or lich king skin . 
  a mercy with one of the priest tiers . 
  soldier with a marine skin . 
  etc. . 
  problem is . 
  if we want crossgame skins , it should fit the hitbox . 
  we can fantasize all we want but the hitboxes are what limits them . 
  i call orisa an ult pinata . 
  roadhog used to be one , but she took his place . 
  orisa is an ult pinata which dps , and mostly snipers , feast on it . 
  did you get to that opinion by asking no one ? 
  i think `` talon '' is just a pimped up team rockety band of misfits and followers trying to neutralize overwatch vets and newbies and put their `` imagined '' order in place . 
  the `` new '' overwatch team was re-assembled to defend the world from gangs , terrorist organizations ( btalon ) , rogue omnics , etc. . . winston saw the news and got angry , not because x is doing bad stuff again . 
  sure reaper surprised him in his own hq , but that was just the trigger . 
  talon is a global organization trying to influence the global politics by blackmail and threatening ( as seen in sombra short ) .
