  i get anxiety , stress , panick attack when we get a 5-kill but do not see the enemy mercy in the killfeed . 
  and you are the only one looking fir the enemy mercy but then she either whips out her pistol or just glides to rezz em all ... 
  this is horror, 
  mercy has best skins, 
  how about a magic scroll map where you just click to the place yoy want port too ? 
  one spell instead of hundreds ? 
  really ? 
  after all the stuff aszarah and friends did ? 
  illidan only trusts illid\u00e3n, 
  so who do we blame for this ? 
  theresa may or talon ? 
  its summer . 
  enjoy outside life and let kids have their moment in overwatch . 
  i am very versatile . 
  i am good with lucio and mercy , reinhardt and orissa and as for dps junkrat/thorbjorn for defense and attack pharah , reaper as an anti tank/bastion . 
  i prefer lucio ; boops for the boopgod, 
  also its easier to shoot at enemy heads and the sound effect of it gives me the giggles . 
  so maybe it will play when jaimie is killing cersei , but it will be more feminine and melancholic , maybe some choir style . 
  and last bit is jaimie carrying a dead cersei towards danaerys , as a tribute of loyalty/surrender ... 
  but he does n't get far ... he falls on his knees and stares with teary eyes towards tyrion and tyrion tries to gaze away from his face towards danaerys , who is grinning ... 
  it 's one of the things that occurs a lot and also one of the reasons why we love this show, 
  aye , i can live with that, 
  she wanted joffreys d in season 1 . 
  i got reaper soldier and junkrat , but all i wanted is mercy, 
  eh , its not a big deal , its part of history and respected in someway . 
  no virgin sacrifices anymore tho, 
  nope , try hell . 
  notaries have become more a family crime business than a government crime business . 
  ( they let their kids work for them without decent degrees ) . 
  i know like four notaries who hide money from the government by doing under-the-table deals . 
  not that i am complaining too , i benefit from such practices . 
  ( j/k ), 
  wow , we are truly ascending in our graaicultuur . 
  anyone know what the next level is ? 
  they both do n't have parents tho, 
  fewer *, 
  naomie harris as tyrande would be cool, 
  gutterspeak or something, 
  new zeeland getting pointblocked by taiwan lol, 
  chinese type n is best korea, 
  the womb welcomes familiar seed, 
  as commander not as king, 
  jon snow is king and the vale supports him . 
  if the king decides to kill the head of a house , it will be respected . 
  and winter is coming , the vale turning against starks means they will literally be surrounded by enemies . 
  so yeah the vale cba about lf . 
  i work with a lot of women . 
  there is like me and two other guys and around 27 young women . 
  the eye contact and smile means nothing . 
  just because the two other men are gay does not mean i am gay :(, 
  hehe, 
  what is up with death being a recurring theme with the houses ? 
  westeros is a miserable pathetic place, 
  theon will either safe dany or jon from a lannister trap/assault and die in the process . 
  or he will safe his sister by killing euron in a cowardly/sneaky way and die in the process . 
  i want a `` tech '' expansion . 
  at first glance it might look stupid with goblin and gnome tech , darkmoon house of terror raid , a few fun tech dungeons , a big mechanical dragon being constructed by a technomancers and it being a raid akin to onyxia , you get make your own mechanical pet to your liking ( fully customizable and useable for petbattles ) a few techno mounts like wolves , cats , bears etc , and you get to choose between two factions in the greatest race azeroth has seen since thousand needles , etc. ... 
  make this happen , sounds more like a major patch but i needs it blizzard !, 
  that was a very brutal event known by its betrayal and refusal ( from stalin ) to aid the polish . 
  what started as a spark of hope turned out to be hell . 
  i love alex de souza tho, 
  i know most gurbetci 's are slowly being brainwashed into demonizing ataturk as an anti-christ who was there to make sure the ottoman empire fell ... 
  * cue https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqj-p6zegy8*, 
  the game is centered around a holy trinity ( support/tank/dps ) . 
  the real root of the problem starts by this game philosophy . 
  a possible solution is enforcing role queue for the first objective of the match . 
  but this can be abused and trolled the f out of it . 
  blizzard rewards one player with their potg and rest gets cards , we upvote but it does n't reward a fulfilling thing . 
  maybe be when the coop potg come around we 'll get synergy cards where it shows which 2/3 players synced well and did good jobs with assisting etc. . . 
  teamplay only gets rewarded during the game and ofc the obvious win , but most ego players want the spotlight for themselves . 
  i agree with lonewolves regarding one point though ; the hero you like is n't always viable and comp meta 's are sadly a thing . 
  so ye how do we beat the triangle in solo q ? 
  oh shit , and arya goes as that one loyal maid cersei has . 
  fuuuuuckkk, 
  mike morhaime , last of the true blizzard spirits . 
  i hope he stays at the top till he is very very old . 
  he is the ubergeek lord we need but do not deserve ... 
  who do we have to dwarfslap to get a link or torrent !, 
  it is not as if my balls are drying here , i am ready for a westerosi whorehouse feast !, 
  i might not make a podrick but i sure as hell do make dickon fire !, 
  she looked helpless and it seemed she wanted to burst in tears ... dragons are shown screeching as a sign of mourning, 
  they have set a perfect chemistry , nothing too over romanticized or too lame . 
  its a thin line they both walk without giving up character . 
  sansa and arya playing lf . 
  just keep watchin mate, 
  we see it becomes dark , the gang wakes up but earlier gendry arrived at eastwatch - he ran all night hence he almost frozen to death , raven send , it becomes noon , raven arrives , dany leaves , hound throws rock and shit happens , later that day dany arrives to rescue . 
  tormund has his own plans making babies with brienne and conquer the world with his lil monster army lol . 
  that dialogue had me in tears, 
  heartbroken and scared shitless . 
  dragons supposed to be their trap card , seems they have to change the plan, 
  i d imagine it be like pirates of the caribean style undead . 
  they can walk on the seafloor . 
  in his pov he is scared . 
  he does not have any allies or friends . 
  dany is his pseudo mom . 
  if she dies , his life becomes shorter than his length, 
  he did not hack shit , he should be fine, 
  he will not, 
  legznds say targaryen womb only welcomes targaryen seed ... cue incest, 
  and only a dwarf punched a dragon in the face first,
