  the napoleontic penal code was upheld throughout the evolution stages . 
  also meaning the constitution must be protected , or changed by vote or desperate demand by the masses . 
  the policing forces did not only protect law from citizens but when it was needed they protected citizens from government . 
  and since there were was a semi-nationalistic uprising after napoleon , prussia , germans etc - the police forces wanted to protect their peoples and only would listen to government consisting of their peoples . 
  many countries took the french constitution as a source for their own . 
  the policing forces did not just revolt in the hopes of destroying certain , if not all law . 
  they were a message sent to the oppressors . 
  and if needed , the policing forces changed to millitants for the sake of their people . 
  what i am saying is that european police has a richer history and deeper evolution of what policing should be , in contrast to america where it became from upholding law and peace to millitary street patrol . 
  also , we , europeans care about our people more than we care about our guns . 
  policing is not swinging a gun , it is being there for the average joe , making sure little timmy is feeling secure in his neighborhood , making sweet tina keep her beautful innocent smile whike walking the streets , ensuring that old granny nathalie is safe and well in her house and ask if she needs anything , greeting people when patrolling to ensure friendly social contact , mirroring the diverse society by accepting and endorsing immigrants/females into the corps , upholding law and minimalizing conflict , showing understandings with protests and making sure escalations are tuned down by social dialogue , cheering with the crowds during soccer matches , but most importantly having them trust us so the government can proceed with democratic progress . 
  policing is anything but gunswinging . 
  the scientists already fled , winstons human doc friend was looking for him but assumingly got killed by hammond , winston and hammond had a brawl in zero gravity , hammond opened other cages , winston flees leaving no more shuttles left for the others . 
  hammond plots for revenge , overwatch team has to go back and stop them or hammond builds a ship and lands on earth to wreck havoc . 
  we will have a zero gravity maps, 
  that junkrat one is food for nightmares, 
  have you met my junkrat aerial mine skills ? 
  enemy pharahs hate it !, 
  tbf , in my workplace they ask children from employees first because they are more reliable in the sense of presence . 
  i know many interims just not showing up , especially during summer , because the weather was nice , went out with friends etc. . . 
  i 'm running dry for like 3 weeks ( maybe 4 ) . 
  i have hit exalted with armies of legion fall a long time ago . 
  only thing i can do is progress beyond hc nighthold , or do m + on my alts . 
  as i do n't like pvp much i occasionally do the brawls . 
  only thing i do for weeks is farm ap and the weekly grind quests ... 
  sure we are getting content and blizzard ca n't cater to all . 
  but the broken shore patch was hyped too much by blizzard , most of us were quite disappointed with how it looked dull . 
  i 'm just being frank . 
  this patch `` start '' was not what most of us expected it to be . 
  i would have even settled for another suramar like build up . 
  we do n't even get decent lore to go with the weekly quests . 
  dadgar is becoming annoying . 
  blizzard hated dps shaman since the vanilla outcry by non-shaman . 
  they nerfed us so hard , we needed 3 expansions to recover from it . 
  mop was the start of respecting shaman dps again ... so please do not let us spiral down that hole again . 
  shaman deserve better . 
  same here , end is nigh !, 
  off to clubbing i guess :(, 
  can confirm this worked , ty !, 
  pls tell this is not a thing , why would men wear this ? 
  paid cykas , the russian government encourages and even rewards online pro-russian propaganda . 
  but even then , groups that like something will support it , this is how internet rolls . 
  i think its a shame blizzard doesnt encourage making wow videos since we got the updated models . 
  or they did and i missed it . 
  but i am.sure i have not seen a lot of vids . 
  i just hope we get to keep the artifact effect animation . 
  it fits perfectly for our class, 
  at this point , i would rather see the queen bitchslap may on public television . 
  interesting read , i feel like it should be lvl 50 to join comp . 
  i 've been staying away from comp since i do n't have friends and play solo , but i had a lot of times it really got toxic at times ... a hanzo with 30min of gameplay said he was maining , i rarely get mad , but these kind of things make me look away from comp mode . 
  i also dig the standard overwatch team , but that makes 4 characters , it should be 6 . 
  maybe add 2 extra easy characters . 
  yeah , as ele i need mog my red skyshatter . 
  i usually go blue/white for frostwolf vibes . 
  their fat union mobs and their fake promises always work for the average joe . 
  kill some broken shore bosses , get beacons , make a group and gg . 
  ** well this interesting **, 
  sure , deal with leavers but also deal with joiners . 
  i am seeing people playing characters with barely 1 hour on it . 
  when we start giving advice we are told to mind our own business and they , with their self-righteous minds , start reporting and throwing the game for us !, 
  also , how come my team qs up with blocked players ? 
  should n't they not play with you ? 
  look , i got a few friends to play with , but not enough to fill all 6 of the team . 
  i want a decent start in comp , that is all . 
  try to ensure a bit more competent gamers play comp . 
  and smurfers have always been the bane of low elo . 
  so atleast attack it from both sides instead of punishing leavers . 
  sometimes i just want to alt + f4 because others can not cooperate well enough nor they think they are pro- `` insert character here '' and fail miserably . 
  sometimes you can not talk sense into them . 
  most of them just leave voice chat and team chat and go solo . 
  blizzard should ensure and motivate teamplay at the basis and punish those who would not strife for teamwork to win . 
  i keep dc ` ing whenever i charge a bastion . 
  or a few ults combo wombo and i 'm out . 
  i have a decent pc with good internet , but i get a dc during crucial points of the matches ... 
  poor low rankers gon na rage, 
  [ i have no quarrel with thy , you plebeian . 
  mister torchtrail , prepare thyselves for i inquire to travel !, 
  ** tell me , why should we ride to the aid of those who did not come to ours ? 
  what do we owe rogues ? 
  ** what would you have me do ? 
  look at all these non-rogues !, 
  their courage hangs by a thread ... if this is to be your end , we will have you have such an end as to be worthy of remembrance !, 
  ** and who will come to your aid ? 
  clothies ? 
  noobs ? 
  you are not so lucky with friends ... the alliances with rogues are dead . 
  where was reddit when the crossroad got ganked in vanilla ?!, 
  where was reddit when we pleaded for mercy on our alts ?!, 
  where was redd - ... 
  no , / u/baelisama , you are alone . . **, 
  ever since the infamous orc and uruk unions strike , peter jackson switched to cgi for the hobbit movies . 
  the dragons are now in critical endangerment - greenpeace and wwf lobbied hard to save them . 
  oh god , i remember it took me a week . 
  i only could play in the evenings for a couple of hours . 
  thottbot was the shit . 
  also , the world seemed larger in ghostwolf form travelling . 
  only talking mount in-game and people nag about it . 
  its a cool mount . 
  i do not want to sound sexist or target the female population but i was once in a guild during wotlk where we had this one girl ( among others ) who would send nudes on the guild forum for dkp . 
  she would literally get the best loot and the horny teenagers would say cringey stuff .
