  ye , politicians start saying what we want to hear , but what they wont ever accomplish . 
  and thats why our cities die after 20.00 . 
  just tax people who are willing to work evenings/nights less to stimulate job creation ? 
  compensate that with a decent `` nachtpremie '' or just some useful benefits like increased maaltijdcheques/ecocheques etc. 
  i do n't know much but this botheres me opposed to other countries who have flourishing nightlife . 
  were n't it the flemish who pleaded for more democracy ( just read : voting rights ) with voting for everyone above 18 ? 
  something we have since shortly after second world war i think ? 
  i think he played off the legion as a nuisance and that a far greater threat is looming and iirc he sad his dad fell in the same fate aka old gods . 
  i also feel like its getting frustrating to play with melee against melee with all the mobility stuff and dozens of stuns . 
  pff patch notes ?!, 
  i read the gamefile codes !, 
  no , its after the andals and before the saxon invasions . 
  hell yeah , and add one pair of sneakers for four seasons . 
  i expected atleast a new artifact skin with it ... 
  `` any man who must say i am an adult is no true adult . '', 
  i see it as throwing small magic bombs with effects . 
  future escort services will hopefully look like this, 
  the thing i would change about mythic dungeons is instead of the normal dungeon layout . 
  mythics should just be one room , themed as the normal layout , and should act like a firefight . 
  or make it one large tunnel with different rooms , no elevator rng bullshit , no obstacles , just a good old firefight . 
  a coordinated run to down waves and bosses . 
  positives :, 
  - no elevator rage, 
  - standardization of encounters ( not the bosses obv ), 
  - no pesky obstacles, 
  - better for timing, 
  negatives :, 
  - firefights can be boring, 
  balance was always shit . 
  we just got ta live with the changes per patch . 
  it was chris metzen ragetyping after he got a memo on his work mail , which they forgot to delete after he retired . 
  weird , i feel like a squishy melee , ready to die any given moment . 
  i am a boulder in a moving world !, 
  i am the mountain that breaks the skies !, 
  i am the foundation on which you walk upon !, 
  i am * cue bloodlust * earth incarnate !, 
  like lfg/lfm . 
  i 'd like to start parties by broadcasting something like `` looking for more to play x games '' , `` looking for a support/tank/sniper / etc '' , `` looking for players for some good custom game fun '' , etc, 
  i have lots of friends i met by adding people after good matches as friends , and i 'd like to game more with them and coordinate correctly in ranked games . 
  why does n't junkrat regain some ult \u2105 when he dies/riptire gets destroyed before you even control the tire ? 
  the second or so when you are about to control the tire , and you die/tire gets destroyed . 
  should n't count for total ult depletion ... 
  or did i miss something ? 
  i do n't know if you noticed guys , but bastion is a robot !, 
  which brings up another question ;, 
  ** are we playing as a self-aware robot that has overridden his own program or are we playing as a pre programmed robot every game whose codes predetermine the outcome of the matches ? 
  what do you call your strategies ? 
  i have a friend that uses mei as an off-tank and calls it `` china rein '' . 
  and he sometimes uses junkrat to flank from behind enemy lines and tries to die among them for the passive and calls it `` kamistraya '' . 
  i hope so , it is like the only cosmetic thing i want this expac . 
  i want one for my shaman and the paladin one might be interesting too, 
  so i have read in my history course that greek slaves were preferred because they were , in most cases , educated . 
  are there any other examples from other empires/kingdoms etc that explicitly wanted slaves for a specific characteristic ? 
  before you all judge me , i got banned from the season for playing on a wifi shared by rest of family . 
  i had dc 's and i acknowledge it was my fault for playing comp irresponsibly . 
  however i took precausion and got myself a netadapter for constant internet on a set bandwith . 
  but it seems i am still banned for off season ? 
  is this normal ? 
  up till the lich king , we had our main storylines . 
  with cataclysm and beyond , blizzard introduced some new lore but without a real direction and follow ups . 
  i like khadgar , despite being made a meme , because he shows us a direction . 
  and along him we get to do side stories , be it the orcish clans , draenei in wod or illidan and maiev in legion . 
  i like him being goofy at times , serious when needed and annoying during quests . 
  i hope he can stay as long as blizz finds a replacement . 
  also better than green jesus, 
  i 'm sitting here watching via youtube on my tv and my whole family and some friends are watching with me . 
  they each have their fav countries and after a few games they picked up how it works . 
  they understand what 's going on and are cheering too !, 
  i already bought two games for my uncle and a friend who are interested in playing the game . 
  it 's well over dinner time but we ordered pizza and kebab ... 
  the organization is very nice , so thanks for making this tournament approachable and well put together !, 
  and the casters are smooth af , love them, 
  the leak going around mentioned troll paladins and at first thought it sounds very absurd but maybe it can work out like sunwalkers ? 
  prologue :, 
  the whispers vol ` jin heard close before his death was from an unknown loa . 
  this entity indirectly had a hand in making sylvanas warchief of the horde . 
  in return , vol ` jin 's spirit pleaded to all the loa to give his son * back to serve the horde . 
  no one heeded his plea but one . 
  vol ` jin recognized the voice and the image of his son appeared before him . 
   `` father , da be you ? '', 
   `` yes , me son . '', 
   `` are ... are you - '', 
   `` there be no time boy , you got ta do somethin' for me ... for da horde '', 
   `` what is it you ask father ? '', 
   `` lead our people , fight for da horde , dey be needin ' a true darkspear ... '', 
   `` i can not be da leader like you was ... i dishonored my tribe , i ran from da battle when those human ships came ... all i remember was water and da sun 's glares '', 
   `` no , you got ta be better , stronger , smarter ... you got ta be a darkspear ... dis loa will be guidin ' you , it be da one dat be givin ' you a second chance ... '', 
  * vol ` jin smiles understandably *, 
   `` a father mourning his son is worse than a son honoring his deceased father ... '', 
   `` i will do my best ... '', 
   `` i know you will ... '', 
  * the loa 's emitting a soft radiation , it 's light becomes brighter , but still no image to make out who/what it is *, 
   `` i ask only to be remembered and in return i shall guide da darkspear and its allies to a brighter future . 
  i be bestowing my powers among your chosen ones , i shall be da wind that guide your spears , da light that blinds your enemies , da fire that purges da earth and da hope your tribe deserves . 
  use my gift well young one ... '', 
  tada !!, 
  troll paladins aka hexlords !, 
  * maybe yenniku or one of his unmentioned offsprings, 
  so i am working at the government but am not an `` ambtenaar '' with all its perks and advantages and never will get one . 
  heck , neither will all fellow new colleagues and those yet to come .
