  \u0130f by court it is 100 + . 
  unless you go way too fast , then you lose the right to drive for x period, 
   as if that really matters when you 're butchering thousands of creatures . 
  some like to kill and some like to kill ... with style . 
  shaman , druid and demonhunter are my top 3, 
  should not have put dick in crazy . 
  buying porn . 
  \u0130 am a simple man . 
  why is my grandmother and her senior friends such a big fan of you ? 
  multi-layered city . 
  either give a decent city map or flying asap :(, 
  find out how survival gets mad respect for epic performances !, 
  hunters hate them !, 
  \u0130f legion is a basis to build on it can only get awesome-er, 
  muster the rohirrim !, 
  we ride for india !, 
  any of the `` dead '' popular celebrities make a comeback . 
  when you can be happy with the little things life gives you , your parents beat legendary mode . 
  lpt : never do last minute orders . 
  you are not the only one . 
  just yesterday ( christmas eve day ) we received a shitload of packages to sort and deliver . 
  every year it gets more insane with e-commerce . 
  pls never order last-minute . 
  not via bpost nor postnl , dhl etc. 
  no one has the staff during holidays to deal with this crazy influx . 
  bpost already is investing heavily to keep up with the all-growing e-commerce but the field has crazy spikes during holidays . 
  we even felt the black friday pressure in belgium for the first time ... 
  the naked man strat does work, 
  we usually intentionally have a crappy round to see if the enemy is actively countering characters . 
  we keep switching characters after ults . 
  basically we go observe mode first round then serious rounds for the rest . 
  our history teacher never gave tests on days with full moon out of respect for women . 
  not a lie . 
  he would plan a test but when he forgot it was on a full moon he did n't let us take the test . 
  thats the answer . 
  and i am serious . 
  i never knew why he did it though . 
  i think theres another level of deities above the pantheon . 
  3 patrons , one good , one neutral and one evil . 
  the evil one has a link with the void gods , the good one with the pantheon and the neutral just seeks balance by creating evil and good lesser deities to be worshipped for the sake of balance in the universe . 
  the three can not be seen . 
  the three do not exists yet they do . 
  they created all and everything . 
  they see all . 
  they are life and death . 
  the circle of all life . 
  yeah but he slept through it mostly, 
  and jesus if from goat, 
  i want small episodic events that tells the story of various characters . 
  call it overwatch : origins part x and release when seen fit to give more background about various characters . 
  heck , i 'd even unlock/buy it tbh ... 
  but we all work for the bad guy until we become bad guys . 
  my shaman . 
  i want my ashes tossed in the maelstrom . 
  so i will be logging out at current shaman class hall . 
  at tge same time i will pass the rite of elements . 
  ashes = fire . 
  tossing = wind . 
  and end up in deepholm , getting my dust on therazane . 
  still pissed for no directors cut/extended edition . 
  fuck the people responsible for this . 
  i liked lothar , khadgar and medivh . 
  especially khadgar . 
  i dont care what people say . 
  i love tge new survival hunter . 
  i just loooooove it, 
  i open letters and packages, 
  no but the overall questing becomes annoying after two/three alts . 
  i 'd rather have the objectives back with xp boost potions like in wod . 
  after experiencing the levelling content i 'm sure we should be able to prep asap for end-game content . 
  [ nsfw ], 
  encarta was the shit, 
  i thought kys was something akin like `` kiss '' . 
  i saw people using it a lot but i never had the chance to say `` kiss '' ... 
  i am not a smart man . 
  the stray dogs ( if you can even call them that ) in major cities in turkey are tagged ( most of them ) . 
  i had seen packs of dogs just walk through crowded areas , harmless to humans . 
  the major cities also have special feeding containers or caretakers . 
  the citizens ( animal lovers ) get attached to them and during harsh times they give blankets or extra water . 
  caretakers make sure they can eat when there is dense snow or water if its really hot . 
  even though sleeping in/killing stray dogs was a known and frowned upon concept in turkey , they slowly shift towards more uplifting ways of dealing with them . 
  now they take extreme measures to very aggressive strays . 
  ca n't speak for the whole country tho . 
  i have known tagged stray dogs protecting herds in the country side and take a bus/tractor to the city to hang out with its pack . 
  like it is their fucking job given by the government ... 
  they also like to be petted . 
  a co workers friend ( 30years of friendship !! ), 
  will be destroyed if i told her best friend tried to frame her to hr for something she did n't do just to get her position as lead senior research analyst ... 
  z-nation surprised me, 
  just no xp ? 
  i do n't how other games ( if they have one ) deal with it . 
  edit : it will be counted as a defeat and loss of eloo, 
  well of course , in comp , it will count as a defeat and loss of rank . 
  you worded it perfectly, 
  survival hunter is the best change in legion . 
  but also the worst . 
  nevertheless i like the approach and fantasy of a melee hunter , it is my main . 
  bring back 2h windfury with no icd plus bonus proc-a-rang . 
  make shaman great again !, 
  tinkers and something with dragons but cataclysm happened and it would n't make much sense anymore .
