  when that person falls into disgrace his statues should also be taken down . 
  another `` fuck you ! '', 
  to the ruskies . 
  [ another older one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwbizawuidw#t=51 ) also from odessa but with more of a build up . 
  i think it 's time for russia to realize their ex is not really into them anymore . 
  i wonder if it reached first 200 post of / r/all . 
  it had about 200 upvotes in one hour . 
  i wonder who will have to go to prison now for the that sub to have a new top post . 
  also owner of what is the equivalent of fox news in romania . 
  time to celebrate in the streets !, 
  when did we get famous for having a lot of hookers ? 
  ours is in construction . 
  and it 's famous for being expensive as shit . 
  romania did this too a couple of weeks ago . 
  i do n't know if it passed though . 
  i do n't think a private company using a very small part of the railroad infrastructure counts as upgrading . 
  when cfr ( the national company ) will start using those trains then we could say we are upgrading . 
  they are the ones who own the old phone infrastructure so they can provide internet to any village , usually up to 20mb/s . 
  finally our time to celebrate . 
  until the next similar post on a different topic ... edit : romglish . 
  soon ... 
  well * that * you never see on romanian television . 
  russian influence . 
  we do n't tolerate that up here . 
  people sacrificed their lives for freedom . 
  they measured their options and decided living under tyranny was not worth . 
  they decided instead to make the ultimate sacrifice , all for their fellow and future countryman . 
  i does n't matter if there were 10 , 100 , 1000 or a million . 
  it does n't matter if it 's warsaw , bucharest , kiev etc. 
  it does n't matter if the if you fain or the aftermath is the best one . 
  all that matter is the the act . 
  the act of giving your life for the liberty of your fellow . 
  such heroes should and must be remembered forever . 
  we as romanians seem to think that is not the case . 
  when we talk about the revolution we do n't focus on the heroes who gave their lives . 
  we talk about the thugs who sacrificed their people for their own interests . 
  who prolonged the suffering by bickering on who will lead what . 
  the worst part is that we have never stopped . 
  we maintain this tradition of bickering about the revolution to this present day , failing to condemn anybody for the heinous crimes of the revolution even after 20 + years of democracy . 
  at no point does the idea of lighting a candle for the men and women who faced the rifles and shouted at the top of their lungs ` shoot ! ' . 
  no , we just prefer to call them idiots and puppets in a post-soviet power struggle . 
  all the while dressed head-to-toe in capitalism with an iphone in our hand . 
  shame on us ... 
  i 'd love if we did the same on the 16th of december in timi\u0219oara and the 21st-22nd of december in bucharest . 
  congrats on the poles though for coming up with such a great way to remember their fallen heroes . 
  i 've visited serbia and it 's pretty shitty . 
  this comming from a romanian who very used to shit conditions . 
  a lot of tourist places like restaurants and hotels are scams and there is n't a lot to see except for the remnants of communism . 
  if i wanted to go to a former yugoslavian country i would go to slovenia or the croatian coastline . 
  both of them are amazimg and great tourism spots . 
  the only reason i sometimes go to serbia is to buy stuff really cheap if i 'm in a border town . 
  maybe if a local would guide me my experience would change , but for now i 'm not really keen on serbia . 
  we will never be able to consider you neighbors or another country for that matter  ^ ^ ^ til ^ ^ ^ there ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ internet ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ moldova ^ ^ ^ / jk, 
  what week ? 
  from the reports i 've seen most of it is already under ua control . 
  the ato has really gained some speed since the mh17 incident . 
  romania has two good neighbours : serbia and the black sea . 
  i love your flair . 
  i do n't consider they have the obligation to fight for a population they are not part of . 
  of course , i would n't have any problem if they would volunteer , but i would n't force them . 
  however , i hope such moral problems will never need an answer wgen it comes to my country . 
  a lot of words in this video are romanian . 
  seems like the authorities have made a bad choice trying to conscript these people . 
  souther ukraine has a province called `` cern\u0103u\u021bi '' in romanian . 
  this used to belong to romania and still has a big romanian minority . 
  i do n't think i would ask the hungarians living in transylvania to fight for my country if war ever broke out . 
  seems like we are the only ones doing something about russia . 
  seems we never forgot about moldova and 44 ' . 
  i think this takes it a bit too far . 
  especially considering this is the front-page . 
  kids could be traumatised by seeing that in a newsstand . 
  i know it will be hard for me to remove that image from my head . 
  the accident is tragic but the symbolism behind it is amazing . 
  seems like the wooden old one is still on the zoo [ map ] ( http://www.zoobudapest.com/uploads/articles/164/image/zoo_hnvp_terkep_en_140526.jpg ) ( left edge ) . 
  i visited budapest 10 years ago and rode 2 roller coaster in a theme park , including a very old one made of wood . 
  so there at least two of them in hungary . 
  from early reports there were 26 americans on board . 
  if russia could turn it 's hate for fascism into electrical power the world would no longer need any other power source . 
  which again would be bad for russia ... 
  hehe , see you in season 5 . 
  just you wait ... 
  i would also add : homesexuality is a crime . 
  weed is as bad as all the other drugs . 
  hitler also started a world war which pretty much destroyed everything he accomplished . 
  it really is ok as long as you have a romanian friend to keep you away from the bad places . 
  it 's amazing if you have tons of money . 
  the stuff you can do and get in the old center of bucharest probably beats amsterdam if you hand the right amount of money to the right people . 
  communists ? 
  here the communist party is illegal . 
  what 's it like down there ? 
  one day brother , one day ... 
  i was not saying cernea is a saint . 
  i personally do n't like him . 
  he 's a inexperienced politician without a spine . 
  however i agree with most things he stands for and he seems to the only one doing it out of all our mp 's / pm 's . 
  and if you want to look for bigger fishes to fry why not the budget ? 
  we are currently giving away 3.4 % of our pib to education . 
  who will ever be able make a decent educational system with such small change ? 
  but this thread was n't about what we thing our problems are . 
  it was about the things we find embarrassing .
