  you said corruption . 
  i personally do n't find it embarrassing because not only are in on the right track , but the civilized countries in the west are more corrupted then ever , especially the usa . 
  if you really want to see embarrassing levels of corruption you can look at russia or ex-ussr countries . 
  romania has n't got shit on them . 
  however i am embarrassed by our collective conservatory and backwards mentality . 
  the mentality that makes the things i 've said possible . 
  for me it would be how ultra-orthodox and backwards we are : * a pm got booed in parliment last week for proposing to stop excess funding to the church . 
  at the same time a lot of priests in big positions swim in cash while their church-goers are on the poverty line . 
  * talks about human rights get banned from national institutions when the owners find out they will talk about gay rights also ( this happened today ) . 
  a law allowing for civil unions between homosexuals got turned down by almost 99 % . 
  * a lot of young people are pot smokers but no one wants to admit it . 
  the police are pretty chill if they just find a small amount , but big weed busts are something regular . 
  not to mention the price and availability ( ~ 20 $ / gram ) . 
  * when one of our european pm 's proposed decriminalizing weed she got mocked and ridiculed by every news site there is . 
  every time some major success in legalizing weed somewhere in the world the same news site buzz with articles about `` typical '' potheads who lost they memories because of weed . 
  and the list goes on and on ... 
  if you are a libertarian in this country you are pretty much fucked from a political point of view . 
  are you implying moldova is not romania ? 
  i know the feeling when it comes to snapchat . 
  out of my high-school class of 31 i think 3-4 people use it sometimes . 
  everyone who sends text messages has a smartphone from what i 've seen . 
  at least in my country . 
  / r/european _ new_right, 
  shhhhh little moldova , the ~ ~ anti-fascist liberation forces ~ ~ russian army will turn all of us slavic soon . 
  i think he meant to say rome as in the city and empire , not roma the poeple . 
  romania is an enclave of latin wthin a sea of slavic ( and whatever the hungarians are ) . 
  and japan . 
  but the price difference berween romania and the rest is insane . 
  world * ( if you measure it by price/gb ) . 
  \\ #latinmasterrace, 
  but 99 % of people lock up their sim card as soon as they realize their phone has been stolen . 
  you must steal a phone every time you have to make a transaction and make the call in the next couple of minutes . 
  why is that ? 
  and i think it 's high enough here to not matter , 
  i think it was about the presidential election , though i 'm not sure . 
  and pakistan . 
  if there ever was a situation for that song to be used in real life i think it was this one . 
  [ ] ( / lunasad ) even compared to romania moldova is incredibly poor , especially when it comes to social benefits . 
  this is also one of the major arguments romanian have for not uniting with moldova . 
  i have only one question . 
  from where the fuck did they get a t-34-85 ? 
  [ ] ( / abmeh ) that 's how most of our politicians think . 
  the problem is when they start believing their own lies . 
  well some former communist countries have laws that ban communist political parties the same way they ban nazi or far-right parties . 
  not that i have a problem with that . 
  i personally think putting communism and nazism in the same category is a pretty good thing . 
  depends what you define as real firearms . 
  if you mean they fire bullets with a metal payload , then no . 
  but they are using air-guns , bown , slingsots ... and [ even catapults ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zytezs-j_e ) . 
  this attitude is what makes us seem liks `` homophobic tribes '' . 
  ( and before anyone says it : i know furries have almost nothing to do with homosexuality ), 
  i know . 
  i did n't know however that all the games / u/barsic listed were also from the chech republic . 
  also europeans and swedes dominanate when it comes to csgo while asian countries are miles behind . 
  do n't forget the witcher series . 
  witcher series is one of the of anticipated games of this year . 
  perfect response . 
  also the female version is called pi\u021bipoanc\u0103 or the nice version , prin\u021bes\u0103 ( princess ) . 
  found the antena 3 fan . 
  an american , a russian and a romanian are travelling through the amazon when a tribe takes them all captive . 
  the chief of the tribe strikes a deal with them that if they bring a fruit that he will like , they will be set free . 
  if he does n't like it , something bad will happen to them . 
  the american bring an apple . 
  the chief does n't like it and inserts it up his ass . 
  the russian brings a pear . 
  the chief does n't like it and inserts it up his ass . 
  the american is crying , the russian is laughing . 
  `` why are you laughing ? '', 
  asks the american . 
  `` the romanian brought a watermelon . '', 
  `` sugi pula '' ( suck a dick ) is more common then that . 
  wait ... 
  there are countries which were never behind the iron curtain in which housing blocks like those were built ... who would ever want to buy an apartment in one of those ? 
  they have a lot of practice archiving things . 
  used to drive 12km everyday just to get to high-school . 
  felt so ` murican . 
  their prison system is very rehabilitation focused so i doubt it . 
  you have no fucking idea . 
  public transport can become a blazing inferno because of people who hate ac or do n't want the windows open . 
  it 's even spread among the young generation . 
  i have a few friends who will not turn the ac at 30 degrees celsius because the fear they will become sick or the head will `` ache '' . 
  `` nobody will start a war over poland '' - adolf hitler , 1939, 
  it 's like when americans are asked about european geography but in reverse . 
  no bucharest ? 
  you dun goofed . 
  spoiler !, 
  how would the croats react if their president ended up in a vatican prison ? 
  he has a fucking ferrari but he did n't have money to finish the balcony ... 
  where is this ? 
  my first thought also . 
  i feel bad :(, 
  at least it 's harder to spot american propaganda or dismiss it as `` bad drecting '' . 
  the russians on the other hand ... 
  what 's the story about the guy in the wheelchair ? 
  nowhere . 
  they actually thought they were fooling people by doing this . 
  they also do the exact same thing in north korea . 
  seems the british navy is too strong for a pirate party . 
  we also had `` elections '' in romanian during communism , only there was one candidate per seat and ceausescu won every time with 98.5 % . 
  seems to be something similar .
