  fun-fact : instead of voting on the ballot , people used to write food they desperately needed on the ballot like `` eggs '' or `` ham '' as a joke . 
  they were still part of nato last time i checked . 
  but they have the choice to request asylum as war refugees in other countries then the ones bordering their war-torn one . 
  if you are fleeing your home at least find somewhere nice to settle . 
  nobody deserves to be treated the way gypsies are treated in this country . 
  maybe only isis . 
  students are welcome anywhere . 
  there 's a huge difference between them and a family refugees with multiple children and little to no education or money . 
  we currently do n't even a have a welfare system to deal with such cases . 
  [ a refugee can receive the minimal wage ( 221 euro/month ) for 6 months ( can be extended to 9 in extreme cases ) as a loan . 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  on one hand we desperately need immigrants because of our aging population and low birthrate . 
  on the other hand if you look at the west there are huge problems with african/middle-eastern immigrants . 
  it boils down to how well can we came them feel at home and accepted . 
  if we do n't , they will grow more defensive about their culture/religion and we get to see what happens in france/germany but at home . 
  we romanians are n't exactly the most accepting of the bunch , especially with gypsies . 
  there is not racism against black/arabs because nobody has come here yet to look for a better life . 
  however , it 's only a matter of time before they decide to stay and it would be real shame to treat them the same way we treat gypsies . 
  only bad things can come from that . 
  same reason romanians are leaving for western countries . 
  if you are uneducated or have studied in the medical field you are a lot better in the west . 
  tesla has gone the other way around and it has had more success for it . 
  how does the common folk see the electric car ? 
  small , slow , low autonomy . 
  which is pretty much the reality for most electric cars . 
  tesla realized not only that they need to change their image , but that trying to make another cheap electric car wo n't work because you ca n't build a good electric car with the current technology at the same price as a normal car . 
  you mentioned the nissan leaf . 
  that car sells for about 30k dollars . 
  for that money you can buy an audi a3 or a camaro . 
  there 's not fucking reason to buy the leaf instead which is almost as good as an hyundai i20 but 3 times cheaper . 
  you 'd have to be really obsessed in order to buy one . 
  and tesla 's endgame is what really makes reddit like them . 
  they are n't a luxury car manufacturer . 
  model x will cost about 35k dollars . 
  which is almost as the leaf . 
  but instead of getting a shitty small car you get a suv with fucking folding side door and a ipad instead of a dashboard . 
  tesla 's endgame is for everyone to drive electric cars . 
  and they have been pretty successful at it . 
  other cool things done by tesla * creating the supercharger and making the patent free to use ( it charges you car in about an hour/half an hour ) * making a functional battery swap station * partnering with bmw to create the electric smart ( again , showing they are not a luxury car manufacturer ), 
  maybe shops for romanian immigrants have them . 
  can confirm you are not alone . 
  in three months i will give my final high school exam . 
  a third of it is the romanian exam . 
  i have to learn about 40 3 page texts about romanian literature . 
  the good old days when we shared a border . 
  where the fuck do you live man ? 
  i 've maybe had 2-3 bad experiences with gypsies but you seem to be really unlucky . 
  there are few people because they have all been arrested by the dna . 
  unlike those red motherfuckers . 
  louxemburg is in nato ? 
  and uses 0.4 of gdp for the army ? 
  how many slingshots do they have ? 
  we merely have 93 prosecutors for thousands of cases . 
  they are barely resisting with only their cases . 
  i think i just found my new favourite sub . 
  is n't the pirate party favorite to win anyway in case of elections ? 
  you do know there was a time in which police escorts were required for ambulances going to gypsy neighborhoods in bucharest , right ? 
  i do n't know if it still happens , but i remember seeing news reports about that a few years ago . 
  well ... 
  i do n't want it for medicine . 
  i knew i was in / r/europe and was still convinced in happened in usa . 
  i thought op just wanted to show how silly americans are . 
  now i feel like a bigot . 
  you can get 1gbs down and 100-30mbs up for 10 euros in pretty much any city and it 's outskirts . 
  * borat voice * not !, 
  you have no idea how old shoveling snow gets after one day . 
  probably paranoid communists who tried to seal it off from public eyes . 
  well , they hate us , but i do n't we were never at war we them . 
  they just consider us gypsies . 
  do you know anything about the romanian pumps ? 
  has it become safe to fuel from then ? 
  it 's owned by a hungarian who has no interest in meddling with politics . 
  is really is the 9/11 of romania . 
  every time you see a group on the street , that 's the taking subject . 
  when you meet someone who you have n't seen since the tragedy they ask you where you where the night it happened/when you found out . 
  also , facebook is full with batshit insane conspiracy theories . 
  i though our trains are crazy expensive until i read what he said . 
  i mean ... you can fly from bucuresti to timisoara for 10 euros now ... why would you ever take a train ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  what sane person comes up with ideas like this ?!, 
  all of georgia 's other more serious problems were solved . 
  this was the last step to utopia . 
  remainia, 
  not far from the truth actually . 
  our internet infractructure started for file sharing . 
  countryside is n't different in romania either to be honest . 
  the only advantage you have is you go to spain/uk/italy to work and the come back and build a humongous and ugly house . 
  however , city life in decently-sized cities is a different story . 
  nationalism makes people blind to the fact it may not be in their interest to unite with moldova at the moment . 
  context : the guys protesting are mps are from the save romania union political party and its official party color is blue . 
  also the boys in blue meme buy i do n't think that needs to be explained . 
  i do n't remember there ever being a terror attack in bucharest . 
  anr is the pru of pnl ( while pru is the brain-child of psd ) . 
  they are an experiment to see if they can get an extreminst/nationalistic party to join them in parliament . 
  most of nationalists and conservatives vote for psd though so i do n't think they have a chance . 
  yup . 
  had to travel to bulgaria to learn about the bulgarian empire . 
  i read that with a bad russian accent . 
  switzerland is almost only mountains yet they are full of high-ways .
