  the worst though would probably be the [ cumbernauld town centre ] ( http://www.glasgowarchitecture.co.uk/images/jpgs/cumbernauld_aw220506_47.jpg ) ( [ here 's another pic from another angle ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1a/cumbernauld_town_centre1.jpg ) \\ ) , it 's famous in scotland for how downright ugly it is . 
  cumbernauld was a new town built to deal with overpopulation in glasgow and they had rather lofty ideals about building the ideal town with the ideal town centre , it unfortunately had the reverse effect and the town centre in particular is considered a disaster . 
  i do feel sorry for what happened to cumbernauld and i hope things get better but it is true that it 's more than a bit ugly . 
  i know folk from cumbernauld and they 're great , they deserve better than the town north lanararkshire council gave them . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong to wear armour at all , have you seen the state of some rugby players ? 
  i actually question why anyone would put themselves through it and why rugby has n't introduced padding of some sort already but then again my brother plays for a local rugby team so he 'd probably have an explanation . 
  i agree about snooker , i 'm not a fan of watching any sport really but something about snooker strikes me as just so dull to watch . 
  it 's only beaten by golf in boredom in my opinion ( and we bloody well invented it as well , thanks scotland :p ) or possibly darts . 
  i was only kidding , i do n't even really like sport it just always appeared to me like it was rugby with armour . 
  so it 's true , the campbells really are the largest clan as the old saying goes :p . not surprised my surname is n't there , it 's one of the rarest surnames in the country . 
  i think it 's better described as rugby with body armour . 
  we 're also no . 
  1 for international shinty/hurley matches as well !, 
  ireland or scotland have always won it !, 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  was it just a technicality or was it impossible to actually get divorced before 2011 ? 
   for example , there 's currently a debate over legalizing divorce , and neither party will take an official position . 
  you mean divorce is n't legal in malta ? 
  [ the common travel area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_travel_area ) is partly to do with trade though , instead of being in schengen the uk and roi have an arrangement where people can travel freely between the two countries without border controls . 
  ireland and the uk can only keep that going though if both remain in the eu . 
  i actually think the british isles would be better in schengen anyway and it would resolve this issue but the uk and irish government tend to be slightly anti-immigration ( whereas the scottish government tends to be quietly pro-immigration so it could be a potential point of contention in future ) . 
   what the opinion in scotland about the uk leaving the eu . 
  it 's hard to say , according to some opinion polls scotland is slightly more pro-eu than the rest of the uk but not substantially . 
  anti-eu parties never do well in scotland though , ukip for example lost it 's deposit in many seats in scotland . 
  over all how scotland feels about the eu is really hard to gauge but some commentators believe an eu referendum may help the chances of a yes vote in the indy referendum . 
   i hope you lot stay together and in the eu i 'm actually pro-independence for scotland but you 're entitled to your opinion . 
  i think a more equal relationship of the countries of the british isles would be healthy for all of them though , including ireland . 
  one from the 90s from the look of it , perhaps this is where the [ brotherhood of nod ] ( http://cnc.wikia.com/wiki/brotherhood_of_nod ) begins ? 
  `` one vision !, 
  one purpose !, 
  kane lives in death ! '', 
  as i understood it the common travel area is only possible as long as both are in the eu so ireland might get caught out there . 
  it 's not unfeasible that scotland leaves the uk but stays in the eu and the ruk leaves the eu though ( entirely hypothetical at the moment though ) , not sure how that would play in ireland though . 
  well yeah i can see where you 're coming from with that actually . 
  it could be potentially a hard sell when the full implications were explained . 
  i perhaps misinterpreted what you meant at first . 
   that said if scotland does become independent i look forward to a hopefully close diplomatic and political relationship between that country and this one . 
  i hope so too , even in purely geopolitical terms it makes sense for scotland and the scandinavian countries to have a close relationship . 
  i 'd say norway would be the most likely scandinavian partner purely because of the north sea and for historical and cultural reasons but i 'd expect sweden and scotland could find common areas of interest . 
  perhaps but any move to the left would be approved of by me even if we can not replicate scandinavia in scotland , i 'd say we should actually look at different political cultures and societies in europe and decide what path would be best for scotland . 
  still i do n't see why it 's automatically incompatible , i do not believe anything in society or culture is immutable if a will to change exists . 
  anyway it 's all hypothetical at the moment , we wo n't know exactly what form an independent scotland will take till we are independent . 
  that 's a wee bit amusing to me because scotland technically did n't even legalize homosexual acts till the 1980s behind the rest of the uk ( although there was a certain aspect of it that was just a technicality , there were never any prosecutions as far as i understood ) but now we are almost certain to introduce same-sex marriage ( all political parties in the scottish parliament support it ) before many other european states and probably before the rest of the uk . 
  it 's funny how times change and how quickly , no one is more glad than myself though that scotland is no longer the conservative presbyterian place it once was . 
  in fact if we become independent there is a political will for scotland to become more like the nordic countries . 
  well i only studied it for three years back at school so i only did a wee bit of the advanced stuff but the irregular verbs were n't so bad ( also i 'm not so keen on how languages are taught in scottish schools and neither was my language teacher , it does n't deal so with actually learning to speak the language ) . 
  they were n't as bad as in french , in fact in some respects english is a bit weirder with it 's daft wee rules . 
  still in terms of learning the basics i do n't think i 've encountered a language that was so simple to learn for the beginner . 
  on a semi-related topic can i say what a wonderful language italian is for an amateur student of the language like myself , it is incredibly easy to learn the basics in ( although it 's been a while so do n't think i can speak it fluently :p ) and strange pronunciation rules are rare which make it so much easier to speak in . 
  spelling is also fairly simplified and although it 's kept the genders it 's not that complex . 
  of all languages i 've tried to learn in my life italian was the easiest to get my head round . 
  whats more it sounds very nice too . 
  one wee mistake i notice is putting pictish ( the original language of most of scotland before scottish gaelic ) under brythonic celtic . 
  they still do n't know how pictish fits in with the other celtic languages as it 's largely been lost and some academics think it might be actually in a different grouping from both goidelic and brythonic languages . 
  it is a long dead language i suppose so i 'm just nit picking . 
  still what else is reddit for :p ? 
  the ca n't go through the influences of every language otherwise the graph would be huge , i think it 's fair to say scots is descended from old english because it is . 
  yes it went on a different route from modern english and had different influences but modern english and scots are cousin languages . 
  anyway we got all the best insults so who cares ? 
  yes i 'd say scots has the same origin points as modern english , it grew out of old english and developed alongside english , they 're basically cousin languages . 
  scots was influenced differently along the way it 's true but that has no bearing on what the root language was so i 'd say this graph for scots and scottish gaelic is accurate ( after all it ca n't go through all the influences of each language ) . 
  fairwolf is right in that scots has significant bits of gaelic including gaelic sentence structure which still affect the way scots speak to this day . 
  it also has some norse , french and even a little bit of flemish and german too . 
  this is why for instance scots use words that are now outdated in english but originate in anglo-saxon such as `` aye '' or `` shite '' because english became increasingly influenced by norman french unlike scots which retained many old anglo-saxon words . 
  i think some scots are worried admitting scots originates in english but i would n't be so concerned , whatever it 's origins and whatever we speak now scots remains a rich source of descriptive and poetic language as well as some fantastic insults such as bampot , bamstick , hackit , minging , shann gadgie , numptie , baucle , bawjaws , tolly , eejit , fud ( you can note these down for future use if you want ) . 
  some scots words still send me into fits of laughter , it 's a beautiful language for vulgarity . 
  the uk is kind of worse because we have a funny half-way house where some stuff is metric and some stuff is imperial . 
  so i tend to work in feet for height as well even though i 'd measure other stuff in metres . 
  also we use miles instead of kilometres but use kilograms instead of stone , unless you are talking about body weight and then we use stone again . 
  it 's utterly ridicilous just explaining it , i wish we 'd just make everything metric but the uk does love being awkward about everything . 
  interesting but the fact it 's out of date does matter as opinion moves rapidly on these issues so i do n't think it has much bearing on the bills going through different european legislatures currently . 
  in scotland recent polls show majority support ( roughly 60 % irc ) for the pending bill going through the scottish parliament ( which thankfully has unanimous support from all parties so there is no danger of it falling to pass ) whereas according to this , and assuming scottish opinion was the same as uk wide , it was only 46 % . 
  oh yeah i already know that one because there was one about scotland possibly joining the nordic council after independence and it came up as part of the independence debate . 
  it really is . 
  rsurperq is quite right it is a descendant of middle irish which itself comes from old irish which originates in ireland , it came to scotland from ulster into the western isles and the kingdom of dal riata before spreading into the pictish kingdom of fortriu ( which became the gaelic kingdom of alba then the kingdom of scotland when scots or rather inglis became the common language of the kingdom ) as well as the kingdom of galloway . 
  before that point the scots spoke brytonnic in the south ( which was similar to welsh ) and pictish in the north ( which we have no idea what it sounds like other than the names of pictish kings ) . 
  pictish is the only indigenous language of scotland ( well scots is indigenous but the jury is out on whether that 's a seperate language ) , gaelic was an import and has nothing to do with celts on the island of britain . 
  it did not magically appear in britain in 500bc , it arrived here from ireland ( also probably later than that during the dark ages ) . 
  i would expect every linguist and historian would fundamentally disagree with you , where on earth are you getting this idea that gaelic came from scotland or britain ? 
  nothing bears out with that either archaeological nor in written records . 
  you can actually see gaelic arriving in scotland from ireland across the irish sea historically . 
  in fact all these points pale in comparison to the main one i should be making , the whole of ireland was speaking gaelic from way before the point it appeared in scotland ( and we have written records of that from irish monks ) , if the irish were speaking a language that was almost identical to scottish gaelic ( the difference between scottish and irish gaelic are tiny and are more about spelling ) before it appeared in scotland do you not think that proves it came from ireland ? 
  it is i 'm sorry to say just a plain and simple fact that gaelic comes from ireland and was an import to scotland and the isle of mann , there is no denying it . 
  i do n't really know what you mean by a racial group called `` the celts '' as i said above , it does n't fit with any traditional terminology used to define celts or celticness . 
  in terms of any unique racial group i 'd say it does n't exist either but a general cultural continuum that could be called celtic does exist , i 'd be the first to point out it 's a very woolly term but none the less it can be argued to exist . 
  that 's it really , we seem to be arguing about two completely different things altogether . 
  ah thanks , had a quick look quite amusing . 
  you were n't asked to draw a beautiful representation of ireland then an amorphous blob for the rest of europe :p . in all seriousness that 's a very accurate irish coastline , i could n't even hope to replicate scotland 's very complicated one . 
  also speaking of which what the hell did you do to scotland ? 
  i thought we were friends ireland ? 
  it seems like england 's there but wales and scotland have been chopped off . 
  scotland looks as if it 's had it 's head caved in . 
  the republic of kerry !, 
  forgive my ignorance but where do all these european themed sphere 's come from ? 
  would be typical shitty scottish luck though , we at last get to go somewhere warm and it still rains all the bloody time . 
  and as i said above very few would call celtic a genetic or ethnic matter . 
  i do n't see how you could anyway since the ancient celts were n't a homogenous ethnic or genetic group but more cultural kin and modern groups are so genetically mixed it would be impossible to class them as anything ethnically . 
  no one could call themselves genetically scottish either only culturally scottish and the same is true for celtic culture . 
  the modern usuage of the term celt came about with the celtic revival and was associated with common culture features , celtic languages and a continuum from ancient celtic culture , all features of the celtic nations . 
  some of it was invention certainly but all cultures are invention to some extent from scottishness to irishness to britishness .
