no i meant father jack because he said those lines above . 
  father ted is the programme though , aye . 
  there 's a father jack quote for every occasion . 
  my favourite was when a flight was delayed from dublin and a certain character got hold of the tannoy and shouted ,, 
  i mind the story i heard that myles na gcopaleen set up his column so that it 's title `` the old sod '' was put right next to a picture of de valera on the page . 
  i 'm not always a fan of paxo but he can be very good sometimes especially when someone is trying to derail the topic on to something else ( which is a common politician tactic ) and he reminds them what he had actually asked instead of what they wanted to answer . 
  where 's fleg ? 
  islamization ? 
  we 're talking about a country that banned the veil ffs ( not a policy i agreed with either for that matter ) . 
  just because there was no prosecutions it does not mean the law did not impact on the culture and society . 
  also to suggest it was n't indicative of anything is a bit of a strange thing to say , if was n't indicative of the society then why did it remain on the books . 
  anyway this is beside the point , i know some of the history of this law and why scotland did n't go along with the rest of the uk when homosexuality was decriminalized . 
  it was the then scottish secretary who decided to block the move for fear of infuriating the powerful scottish church , this law was then maintained for the same reason until the 1980s when they felt it was possible to change the law at last ( although there was still opposition from some quarters ) . 
  also as any gay man or woman who was around at the time it was still on the books will tell you it does impact on the society . 
  most homosexuals had to remain under the radar and it helped foster an negative attitude in wider society . 
  scotland was once a quite homophobic place and this was brought up as part of the debate on same-sex marriage ( for example patrick harvie the gay leader of the scottish greens talked from experience about the attitudes he had to come up against when growing up ) . 
  all i was pointing to is the remarkable and sudden change in attitude in scotland and how this can give hope to places where attitudes to homosexual are still repressive . 
  i thought it was a valuable discussion for scotland to have as well even though the result was a foregone conclusion because the problem scotland had with homosexuality and gay rights was that we had never had a proper discussion about it , it had generally been ignored up until that point ( save for section 28 of course ) and homosexuals were generally pushed to the periphery of scottish society . 
  it showed how far the country has come but also what still needs to change , there are still issues with the more extreme elements of religion in scotland that although they are n't as bad as they were still remain . 
  scotland even faster i 'd say , homosexuality technically was n't even legal here until about 30 years ago now the scottish parliament votes almost unanimously for same-sex marriage . 
  i 'm a gay scot ( which has a certain ring to it ) and i 've found the opinion on the ground matches the political transformation , most people are absolutely fine with it now . 
  hopefully northern ireland will go through the same journey as scotland soon . 
  i always thought it was funny that the chinese are obliged to make every foreign name into a mandarin one so london becomes something like lun dun . 
  perhaps it 's to do with media ownership ? 
   good defensive tactic . 
  never know when you 'll get a punch of pished people trying to invade . 
  otherwise known as the edinburgh fringe . 
  try getting drunk in edinburgh , i have no idea why in a nation of heavy drinkers we made our capital so difficult to traverse while absolutely pished . 
  so erdogan is that person who always complains about animal cruelty on every youtube video involving cats ? 
  oh no the welsh win out over flowers of scotland in that competition in my opinion . 
  land of my fathers is just fantastic . 
  yeah and iirc came back north and got us involved in the bloody darien scheme which was n't such a roaring success :p . the bank of scotland was funnily enough set up by an englishman though . 
  with a little bit of chimp but that 's to be expected . 
  speak for yourself , this is my bread & butter :p !, 
  yeah as i say it 's all down to personal taste . 
  i do n't really see it myself . 
  he looks a wee bit like a young farmer and coming from a rural background that 's quite a turnoff :p . i personally do n't know much about him as a person on the other hand because i 'm quite republican , i normally try to know as little as possible about the royal family . 
  i think some people are attracted to the princes because they are royalty which is perhaps why it does n't work for me . 
  i mean some folk back in the day supposedly found prince charles attractive even though he has a head like a jug . 
   anyway , even if he 's not personally your cup of tea , he does have all the right features to be considered broadly attractive . 
  hmm i do n't know . 
  let 's agree to disagree because i do n't even think he is broadly attractive in a subjective manner , he 's average at best . 
  as handsome as prince harry ? 
  i get all the others apart from that one . 
  i mean it 's all down to personal tastes i suppose but i did n't think there was some consensus over this . 
  it 's not just my political republicanism , i am gay and have never felt a single tingle of attraction there . 
  that 's why glasgow is the greatest city on earth !, 
  also from milngavie ? 
  that 's the posh part as well !, 
  [ would n't this work better ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzyzvmcgwhg ) it 'd be european and it 's really catchy !, 
  we 'd have to lose that sax solo though !, 
  basically nothing is what it says it is in europe anymore . 
  you think that 's bread you 're buying you fool ? 
  it 's actually 40 % owl feces !, 
  we do the same in scotland , every scottish joke about us being cheap , mean , drunk or argumentative is turned into a joke about people from aberdeenshire . 
  for example : `` how was copper wire invented ? 
  two scots fighting over a penny '' is turned into `` how was copper wire invented ? 
  two people from aberdeen fighting over a penny '' and so on . 
  also we have the a similar joke about brits except it 's north britons here . 
  it 's normally a political joke used for people who are so unionist they appear to not even consider scotland a country , it was particularly used against gordon brown who is supposed to have called himself north british once . 
  which the uk government does in the case of scotland as it has already agreed to accept the outcome of the referendum and work with the scottish government after a yes vote . 
   my point was that as per the barnett formula scotland receives a monetary grant from the treasury , this is raised through taxation on individuals and on business within the uk , an overwhelming majority of this tax is raised in england due to the size of england 's population and the business sector especially london . 
  yes scotland receives a monetary grant through the barnett formula but the way it works is that this is given instead of scotland raising it 's own taxes , it not really got anything to do with how much england gives as it 's just the amount that the treasury calculates ( inefficiently mind ) scotland needs according to it 's proportional population size and the amount spent on institutions in general like the nhs or welfare or on the occasional individual project . 
   the amount scotland receives is more than it could raise in domestic taxation alone . 
  not according to the gers report , it shows that scotland raises more in taxation than it spends and more than it receives by grant . 
  that 's the point of those figures . 
  also a citation is needed on your assertion . 
   now my point is that with independence there will be a deficit between the amount the scottish government is spending and how much it could raise in tax because it will no longer receive the monetary bloc from the treasury . 
  firstly the uk is running at a deficit at the moment anyway and secondly you need to give proof to back up your statements instead of just assertion . 
   your use of uk averages are not applicable really because of the size of england will always balance it out . 
  scotland if independent will have a large proportion of its population supported by the government , whereas in england this is just not the case at all . 
  it 's perfectly applicable . 
  economists and accountants use averages as it 's the best way to compare figures , it again has nothing to do with englands size or population . 
  the use of the uk average is to show how much it raises in average in comparison to it 's spending and the rough estimates of the deficit . 
  according to the gers report scotland 's average deficit is lower than the uk 's average deficit . 
   scotland if independent will have a large proportion of its population supported by the government , whereas in england this is just not the case at all . 
  what do you mean by supported ? 
  if you just mean because of decisions that have been made to provide more in universal benefits then fair enough but even with those the balance of payment works out ( also there have been those that argued the extension of benefits can actually save money , for example free personal care for the elderly reduces bed blocking ) . 
  if you are trying to talk about employment that is false as the percentages of scots in work is the same as in england as i 've shown . 
  also again , citation needed . 
  you are just saying things without backing them up . 
  these are all fair points and i can see where you 're coming from . 
  i am in favour of scottish independence but mostly off of problems to do with politics , governance and society which the uk does little to nothing to redress in my opinion . 
  i am content to support it because i feel the economic arguments work out ( i do n't believe scotland would be suddenly rich or it would be some fabulous utopia either :p ) and there does n't appear to be massive obstacles to me ( although i 'm more willing than most to accept there may be some ) . 
  on the other hand if it looked as if scotland would be ruined by independence and it would be a disaster i would n't support it , in other words i 'm not a natural nationalist as it were . 
   for a smaller country , perhaps one office may have multiple roles ( in some countries the banking regulator may also do insurance and markets ) but the office must exist . 
  it is the establishment of these offices that takes time and getting the local regulations and legislation implemented . 
  that 's interesting and makes sense to me . 
  i would hope the scottish government does take that into account , they hope to have it all done by 2016 . 
  professor crawford has said he thinks that 's realistic but i would like to see more on what he thinks about the process . 
  nicola sturgeon went off a bit too half-cocked in my opinion when she complained about the paper , crawford actually seems to be fairly balanced in his approach . 
   lastly is whether the ec can talk to potential states , i.e. 
  to front-run these discussions . 
  scotland is not an independent state yet and nobody can speak for scotland before it is one . 
  when it is independent it is easy , but what can be done in advance remains an interesting problem . 
  yes well that is an issue and the scottish government has asked the uk government to make a joint submission to the ec but the uk government refuses . 
  their own agreement though ( the edinburgh agreement as it 's been called ) does say that both governments should work together in the interests of the scottish people and the eu commission has suggested similarly . 
  interestingly before it made it 's recommendations the unionists kept demanding the snp follow the electoral commissions recommendations , which it did , that leaves the unionists in an interesting position because it now begs the question will the uk government follow it 's recommendations too ( although this is just a political point so it 's unrelated to the framework ) . 
   yes , efta accession would be faster but even that requires negotiation .
