  whatever happens , chaos would not be in the interest of scotland , the ruk or the ec as a whole well it would be interesting if it was considered , i ca n't say i know if it 's possible to go into efta as a sort of waiting room to the eu if there is a period of negotiation but it would be good to see someone look into it . 
  i do n't think independence would cause chaos , scotland is a relatively well developed western nation and it would be a negotiated rather than unilateral deceleration of independence ( something which is interesting for lawyers involved ) . 
  mind you i can see your point that it is n't in their interests to allow chaos to occur so if the scottish people make the democratic decision to become independent then surely accommodation could be met rather than putting everything into limbo ? 
  the argument goes that the public sector constitutes the infrastructure of the country and contributes in a more indirect fashion , [ the nordic model ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_model ) and democratic socialist/social democrat models are based off this principle , that redistrubtion of wealth and a large public sector can contribute to economic growth . 
  it 's too simplistic to say it 's just a drain . 
  a well developed public sector can lower costs on the government if it is done right and those working in the public sector do contribute to the economy themselves as the money they earn goes back into the economy through purchases from private companies ( there was a funny economic argument i heard that suggested everyone should just be given # 500 pounds by the government that they had to spend and could n't save ) . 
  i 'm not saying these are all my arguments just those who argue that a large public sector is not automatically a problem often make these points . 
   must admit i 'm surprised by your figure too if they 're correct . 
  well they are from official statistics and both sets of information seem to match up . 
  the only local authority in scotland that has noticeably high levels of public sector employment appears to be comhairle nan eilean siar ( originally the western isles council ) which is understandable considering the sparse population that will rely on public sector more . 
   certainly in places like newcastle the majority of people in employment in the city were in the public sector similar to a lot of the north of the country . 
  not according to those ons figures from 2011 , only 33.5 % of total jobs are public sector in newcastle upon tyne . 
  there is a north-south divide according to them but it 's only above average in the north not a majority . 
  where are you getting these figures from that show that the majority of the employed are in public sector work in newcastle ? 
  i ca n't find anything that shows such a phenomenon . 
  yes i agree the argument should n't be about whether scotland can or ca n't join but whether it will require a period of negotiation . 
  i am more willing to accept your sort of argument over one which suggests scotland would be thrown into the abyss by independence :p . if it can be done as a parallel to negotiations for independence then there is n't much issue , perhaps it would help if the uk government agreed to a joint submission with the scottish government to the ec to provide some clarity about this as only a member state can actually ask ( something the scottish government has suggested and the uk government has refused to for what appear to be purely political reasons ) . 
  if not then i admit there could potentially be a period of negotiation although as i 've suggested whats to stop scotland joining efta until such negotiations have run their course ? 
  i 'd say the un is important , although i agree it is perhaps not as important as it likes to think it is . 
  crawford was just providing some clarity over the un matter that was brought up . 
  it all depends on whether negotiations can be done as a parallel to negotiations for independence , if they can then it could be a clean transition . 
  if not then there could be perhaps a period of negotiation , although i wonder why it should n't be possible for scotland to join efta during this period if this happens to allow it to remain in the free trade area ( i ca n't say this is n't my area of expertise ) . 
  anyway this requires the uk government to follow the spirit of the edinburgh agreement and work with the scottish government to allow negotiations ( as the ec can only speak to a member state ) , for example currently the scottish government has asked the uk government to send a joint submission to the ec to get clarification on scotland 's position . 
  the uk government has refused to make a joint submission which i consider rather petty ( especially considering the electoral commission has suggested both sides work together to give clarity on the outcomes of a yes and no vote ) . 
  edit : also i should point out although it is true i am pro-independence my op was just pointing out something that had been missed in this article that crawford had said to provide more balance . 
  it was n't really my argument per se as you were suggesting . 
  i do n't see your point , op suggested scotland was dependent on english taxes and i was showing that 's blatantly false . 
  your point does n't appear related to mine either and is just levering in something else , currently we have little important duty within the eu ( only minimal custom charges ) and i doubt we would if we were independent either . 
  even if you were to believe scotland would be outside the eu we could then just join efta which would still give us free trade and no important duties . 
  there is no foreseeable situation i can see where scotland would face import duties to the eu ( unless there is a period of negotiation necessary but it could potentially be done as parallel negotiations to independence ones ) . 
  edit : so seems you just changed your point completely there from originally about eu custom duty to public sector employment : s . it would help if you 'd put it as another post . 
  anyway it 's still a mute point as the percentage of those employed in the public sector in scotland is not that far from the uk average . 
  it is roughly [ 23.8 % from what i can find for scotland ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-18518621 ) and [ the uk average is 23 % from 2011 figures ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/news/datablog/2011/nov/21/public-sector-employment-uk-map ) . 
  these figures are not current but i do n't expect the figures have changed massively . 
  anyway another point is that not every economist agrees that public sector jobs are not wealth creating and many successful economies have high percentages of public sector employment ( some much higher than scotland ) . 
  so anyway it 's not a problem , scotland does not appear to have a significant difference in public sector employment . 
  i must admit that surprised me ( i did assume it was a bit higher in scotland before looking ) but that 's what the figure seem to show . 
  not this argument again . 
  [ it 's already been debunked repeatedly , according to figures scotland balance of payments have been in surplus for several years ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/publications/2012/03/9525 ) , it only falls below the uk average ( and this is hardly `` overwhelming '' as you put it ) when oil revenue is not included . 
  scotland 's gdp is the third highest of any region in the uk behind only the south east and london and [ it has the second largest gva per capita of the countries of the uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/countries_of_the_united_kingdom_by_gva_per_capita ) . 
  it pays it 's way already and it has already been calculated would be a net contributer to the eu budget not a net reciever . 
  no one but the daily mail and right-wing tabloid commentators still follow this argument that scotland runs off of english taxes , it has a stable semi-independent economy already . 
   they like to compare themselves to the scandinavian countries due to similar size but forget one critical thing , they have a completely different work ethic with a majority of their population employed . 
  love to know where you get this idea about a `` scottish work ethic '' since the levels of unemployment are roughly similar to the uk average ( sometimes a wee bit above , sometimes a wee bit below ) . 
  [ also your statement does n't make any sense anyway since the majority of the scottish population is employed too with only 7.8 % of the population unemployed in scotland which is only 0.1 % higher than the uk average ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-business-21160662 ) . 
  where on earth were you getting any of your figures ? 
  even the unionist side recently has accepted that scotland can function as an indepedent state with a diversified economy , david cameron alluded to this in a recent speech . 
  edit : changed the source for the surplus to the more detailed and more trustworthy gers report ( government expenditure and revenue scotland report ) on the scottish governments website . 
  the original source linked to some other site that kept asking for a survey which was quite annoying so thought it might be better to just give the source straight from the horses mouth ( no horse meat jokes please :p ), 
  there is more than one side to this . 
  james crawford who is one of those who drew up this report ( and the more experienced in international law about the foundation of new states ) said afterwards in a radio interview that many of these matters would likely be little problem in reality . 
  he saw no problem with scotland joining the un and said it would be `` straightforward '' and he expected that negotiations for scotland becoming an independent state by 2016 ( which is the timetable set out by the scottish government recently ) were `` realistic '' and he expected since scotland already follows eu rules it will not be that difficult a process and he believes it will be admitted . 
  opt-outs are another matter but he expects that it will come down to negotiation . 
  [ some of the quotes from james crawford on this as part of the radio interview are contained at the end of this bbc report . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-21408823 ) [ also for those who can access it here is the bbc iplayer for the good morning scotland but you will have to skip ahead to get james crawford as the show is nearly 3 hours long . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b01qdyj4/good_morning_scotland_11_02_2013/ ), 
  yes i am a fan of alisdair grays work , well for the most part ( i do n't like 1982 janine at all ) . 
  it 's also just because i like the name really , when i was trying to think of a username it popped into my head . 
  it was only really population levels that interested me as scotland has had a serious historical problem with high levels of emigration and it 's good that it 's starting to be reversed and the population is growing again . 
  do n't know why the downvote , that looks right from a quick look at the website . 
  also would explain why there was n't the big news story like when the results were released for england & wales , the only thing i remember being mentioned was that scotland was at last experiencing several years of consecutive population growth . 
  true although i suppose my point was the irish confederacy technically never declared itself independent either as they pledged allegiance to king charles i and proclaimed themselves royalists ( and sided with royalists briefly in scotland ) . 
  anyway i was being a wee bit nitpicky i suppose , the situation in britain and ireland at that time is rather confusing what with all the different civil wars going on at that time . 
  i was confused by the independent united ireland until i remembered this would be during the war of the three kingdoms when ireland was controlled by the irish confederacy . 
  if that 's the case though surely england should be split between royalist england and parliamentarian england . 
  maybe i 'm being too pedantic actually :p . 
  it does n't , perhaps i could have explained it better to be fair . 
  now equal marriage is approved of in principle in westminster a minor alteration to the equalities act to provide specific protections to clergy will be acceptable . 
  it 's a matter of politics if they 'd altered the equalities act before hand they might of been accused of sneaking equal marriage in . 
  i think , although do n't quote me here , that the uk government is considering this change anyway . 
  it 's the only thing holding the scottish government back from holding the vote just now . 
  [ you can read about it here on their website . 
  ] ( http://www.scotland.gov.uk/about/performance/programme-for-government/2012-13/marriage-civil-partnerships ), 
  it 's not that it 's further along in westminster , the process is different in holyrood and it 's still likely to come into place in scotland first largely because there is no second chamber . 
  there are less hurdles to jump for the bill basically . 
  the reason it has n't been voted on yet is the scottish government was waiting for a change to the uk wide equalities act to reassure religious leaders ( basically it will be to protect clergy that do n't want to solemise gay marriages from any threat of prosecution ) . 
  now this vote has passed in wesminster and equal marriage is supported in principle that change can go ahead and once that 's done holyrood will vote ( and it 's very likely to pass since all the parties support it ) . 
  once it 's voted on the simpler process means it 'll probably still become law slightly earlier than in england & wales , although likely not by much . 
  hmm i suppose that is true but i was just pointing out the politics of it , setting out a roadmap early like this gets the public used to the idea of an independence and how it would happen . 
  i would hope it would be done by the elections myself but i do wonder if it 's slightly jumping the gun . 
  i 'm pro-indy but even i think the snp are perhaps a wee bit optimistic about the timing of all this . 
  i can see why they are doing it though , it just the politics of the campaign . 
  putting out a roadmap for independence early makes independence seem like something real to the electorate rather than just a potential what-if and sets out a theoretically feasible path to independence . 
  as an opposite example of this politicking the uk government has been asked by the snp to lodge a question with the eu commission about scotland 's position in the eu and in principle by the electoral commission to discuss the process of scotland becoming independent but they have refused because it would make it seem like they are taking independence seriously and the confusion over the eu only helps the no side . 
  cameron said he would not `` pre-negotiate scotland 's exit '' . 
  i think if it comes to it it 's possible that 'll take a wee bit longer than this and that is n't automatically a bad thing . 
  better to take some time and get it right rather than rush . 
  edit : changed my wording a bit , it was a bit confusing the way i had written it . 
  we are a definable separate unit as we have a long history as an independent state before the union ( we only joined it in 1707 ) . 
  no one in the uk argues that scotland is n't a country really , we are n't a province that just suddenly decided they wanted to become a country . 
  there are precedents and we entered union through negotiation , not through conquest . 
  also bear at mind finland at one point had it 's own separatist movements to become an independent state from a larger whole . 
  although at the moment i can understand the idea of scotland leaving the uk may seem surprising from the outside but i 'm sure that 's what people thought at the time about many other historically successful independence movements . 
  it 's just down to what the scottish people think is best for the country 's future now . 
  to be fair the main building is quite a famous landmark in glasgow as you pass it on the way in from the motorway so it 's not surprising they only show it . 
  it 's funny individually some glasgow buildings are great , it 's got many eclectic styles of architecture and some pastiches of european architecture ( in fact on argyll street there is one that looks really german , sort of like a medieval bavarian building ) but because glasgow council had an obsession with brutalism in the 60-80s the good ones are evened out by the hideous ones . 
  i absolutely agree , other than it being cheaper i just can not see the appeal of brutalism . 
  the thing is brutalist architecture always looks the same no matter where you find it , i immediately thought that that building is almost identical to one side of the glasgow royal infirmary which i know well ( i would show you a picture but the only ones i can find are of the quite nice victorian frontage of the main building ) . 
  oh this is scotlands time to shine :p !, 
  do n't get me wrong we do have a lot of really beautiful architecture especially in edinburgh ( which i 'd say is one of europes most beautiful cities , [ here 's a wee example of why i say that ] ( http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/wadler/pics/edinburghlong.jpg ) \\ ) but glasgow city council and some of the councils in the west of scotland went somewhat insane in the latter half of the 20th century and started building modernist monstrosities all over the place .
