  i think the key point is that it needs to either get in or get out . 
  the uk needs to get on board with greater european integration and more european-style economic and social policies , or else it needs to leave completely . 
  i would much prefer the former , but i think either option would be better for the eu than the current situation where the uk has considerable power as a member of the eu , and uses that power to frustrate the project at every turn . 
  this idea that the eu is entirely a left-wing project is absurd . 
  support for the eu spans the centre-left and centre-right , it is the extremes at both ends that oppose it . 
  anyway , the other guy was downvoted for : - his ridiculous conspiracy theory about the eu deliberately naming itself so as to confuse and enslave us . 
  - his presumption that , if two organisations have similar names , they must do the same things . 
  if you agree with either of those then you are as bad as him , enjoy your downvotes . 
  that is the way resources are distributed in the eu , and it is a pretty fair system , if somewhat egalitarian -- and i can understand that egalitarianism is often opposed by those on top . 
  but even from a strictly economic perspective , is having access to the world single biggest ( by population ) trading bloc , and having a say in how that bloc is run , not worth the money that is being paid ? 
  exactly . 
  if you actually study eu law , you realise that pretty much all eu law , though seemingly going beyond the concept of a mere common market , is actually a direct logical extension of that concept . 
  maybe not * all * eu law , particularly now with the increased emphasis on human rights , but certainly a very large ( and , i would say , dominant ) portion of it . 
  i still regard the economist as intolerably eurosceptic . 
  a large portion of its articles seem to be about how america is doing it right and europe is doing it wrong . 
  i doubt he could . 
  so you want foreign armies stationed in greece ? 
  that probably would n't go down too well . 
  the eu does n't even have it 's own army to speak of . 
  sure , it has groups where member states can cooperate militarily , but these are used very sparingly and are pretty much reserved for times of extreme crisis , such as an actual act of war against a member state where the member state is unlikely to be able to defend itself on its own . 
  you have to understand that the idea of eu-level militarisation is a very sensitive one . 
  defence is one of the areas where member states are , by and large , left to choose their own course , and most member states would rather keep it that way . 
  greece has not requested that eu warships move into greek waters or that eu warplanes patrol greek skies . 
  moving them in without greece 's request would be a very dangerous and unpopular move , and not within the powers of the eu in any case . 
  is the linked source a marxist e-zine ? 
  anyway , as has been said , greece have turkey to worry about . 
  hopefully this problem can be solved as talks advance on turkey 's accession ( though that 's probably pretty far down the line ) . 
  also , contrary to what the article says , i do n't see how this reflects the hypocrisy of the eu or `` almost every one of its member states '' . 
  that 's utter rubbish . 
  her visit has been a big success so far . 
  her opening her speech in irish was a * big * moment that won a lot of people over . 
  she also laid a wreath at a memorial to irish people who died fighting for freedom . 
  wow . 
  i probably should n't reply because your language and tone suggest that you do n't want to discuss this like an adult , but here goes . 
  first , you say that people like me would react differently if it was a european company exploiting workers in somewhere like laos or china . 
  i do n't think the two situations can be compared . 
  america is a global political and economic leader . 
  it is wealthy , democratic and generally protective of basic human rights and civil liberties . 
  in that regard , it is substantially similar to europe and there is no real reason why legal reform could not be achieved there . 
  by contrast , in laos or china for example , workers ( and the countries as a whole ) are much poorer , meaning that they have no real bargaining power against large western corporations . 
  they also tend to lack basic human rights , civil liberties and democracy , meaning that democratic or popular reform is much more difficult . 
  claiming that the us is in the same boat as laos or the phillipines is simply unrealistic . 
  secondly , i never said that i love what these companies are doing or that i 'd like to see more of it . 
  that is a position that you made up and then attributed to me . 
  i would prefer if such exploitation did n't happen anywhere , including the us ( of course ) . 
  where we differ is that i regard it as futile to blame private corporations for attempting to maximise profits . 
  they will always do this , that is what they are there for . 
  if companies do things which are considered socially detrimental , the appropriate response ( in my view ) is to implement legislation to combat this . 
  that is the approach we have taken in europe . 
  it seems to be an approach which americans refuse to consider , which is unfortunate . 
  forcing companies to alter their behaviour by way of legislation is a much better way to prevent injustice than expecting them to voluntarily change their behaviour to accord with your own subjective moral beliefs . 
  so yeah , i do n't really see the sense in criticising companies for doing what they always do ( try to minimise costs ) while ignoring the fact that the state and the electorate never even tried to protect workers . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  european companies get stick because the us has no worker protection laws ? 
  whose fault is that ? 
  the kind of things mentioned in that article would n't happen in europe because europeans tend to elect representatives who give a fuck . 
   did your tds , who presumably also had to vote on the issue , even bother to get informed ? 
  it 's unlikely our mps did before they pushed it through , as not even the then european minister did : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/5084584/caroline-flint-europe-minister-hasnt-read-lisbon-treaty.html the government , which is the institution that is generally tasked with ratifying international agreements , has access to advice on the actual legal ramifications of the treaty from the attorney general . 
  by the way , reading the treaty and understanding it are two very different things . 
  you can read lisbon without understanding it ( and , if you read it without also reading the other treaties , you * wo n't * understand it ) . 
  on the other hand , if instead of reading it you obtain advice on or even a summary of the treaty from someone who does know about it , you would have a better understanding . 
   are you suggesting that the people should n't get a say on things they might not understand ( which sounds a little patronising ) ? 
  what is the point in people voting for things they do n't understand ? 
  what benefits does that bring , and how is it more protective of people 's rights ? 
  it does n't result in people getting the results they want . 
  an essential part of making a decision is being able to understand the subject matter and likely effect of your decision . 
  the vast majority of laws are never voted on directly , i do n't see anyone complaining about that . 
  it is , after all , the job of our government and parliament to make and pass laws on our behalf . 
  i personally think this should extend to ratifying international treaties such as lisbon . 
   ( including , like 99 % of the eu states , denying us a say on the lisbon treaty ) - 1 % of 27 member states rounded to a whole number is 0 , which is not the number of states that held referendums on the lisbon treaty . 
  - you did n't get a say on lisbon in the same way that you do n't get a say on your tax , criminal or libel laws ; you do n't directly get a say , but you have a system whereby you can elect representatives who will implement your views . 
  the fact that virtually all mainstream political parties are pro-eu to some extent should tell you something about how beneficial the eu actually is . 
  - count your blessings that you did n't have a referendum . 
  here in ireland , our referendum was not pretty . 
  a lot of lies and misinformation were spread . 
  people voted out of anger at the government , or on the basis of misinformation . 
  it 's bizarre to ask people to vote on highly complex international legal treaties, 
   but you already do not have freedom of choice to wear what you like . 
  you abide by the rules of custom , and laws in the country you live in . 
  so because the law restricts your rights in some ways , it is acceptable for them to be restricted in * any * way ? 
  that is absurd and dangerous reasoning . 
   its a thin line - freedom v your right to something that is misogynistic . 
  ( have you seen men wear burkas ? ) . 
  and if a law is misogynistic , and it is banned , then you abide . 
  i have n't seen men wear dressed either , should they be banned for being misogynistic ? 
   well female circumcision is also part of religious ceremonies in certain cultures and it is banned here in the uk . 
  and its a crime when parents force or trick their underage daughters into arranged marriages ( usually done by kidnapping them when they visit pakistan ) you honestly think that * mutilating a girl 's genitals * and * forcing someone to marry against their will * is the same thing as * choosing to wear a veil * ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  the whole point is that this law is prohibiting women from acting on their own religious choices and beliefs , which are n't harming anyone else . 
   and as a woman , i find the burka and hijab extremely sexist and offensive . 
  so i do not have a problem if this ban is enforced . 
  then do n't wear one . 
  simple as . 
  interesting post . 
  out of curiosity , where are you from ? 
  anyway , it seems a bit rich that you complain about how your country was lectured for years on how to do things , back when your economy was doing worse than others , and now that you have a head on other countries you are so quick to lecture them . 
  i guess it just demonstrates that hubris is not confined to european countries , or the us . 
  your thinking matches the thinking of many throughout the eu at the moment , but i think it is misguided . 
  at no point during the `` good times '' from 2000-2008 did germany or the other large nations voice -- or at least act on -- concerns about the sustainability of ireland 's economic model . 
  they were happy to let ireland spend away with the eu funds it was receiving , and were happy to let their own banks and property developers partake in the madness that was going on here .
