  some of the major european economies are n't that far behind , and some , like sweden , are actually a good bit ahead of the us in terms of r&d spending . 
  i imagine if you took the total spent in the eu and compared it to the total spent by the us , there 's probably not a massive difference . 
  because a low fertility rate leads to an inverted age pyramid which leads to higher healthcare and pension obligations and lower tax income with which to fund them . 
  ah , 2007 , the year the brits finally managed to sink the republic of ireland . 
  pretty surprised ireland is so comparatively low ; firstly , because of our drinking culture , and secondly because we constantly see ads on tv advertising the high number of road fatalities . 
  of course there is a lot of room for improvement but i would have thought we were one of the worst in europe . 
  if anyone has concerns about dsk 's socialist policies , the proper thing to do is to express these concerns in a public debate , and attempt to persuade people to vote for a different candidate . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  this kind of character assassination is completely at odds with the principles of a modern democracy , regardless of whether you agree with dsk or not . 
   and as for the judges in luxembourg ruling on issues related to portugal or finland , there is the added problem of distance . 
  really ? 
  do portuguese people have more or fewer human rights than people in luxembourg ? 
  the whole point of having international human rights instruments is that respect for those rights transcends borders . 
  if you are a signatory to the echr ( and remember that no nation is forced to sign ) it means you respect the human rights laid down in that document , so it 's ridiculous to turn around and dismiss those rights as foreign and therefore unimportant whenever it suits you . 
   it is a general accepted principle that power executed close to those being ruled is to be preferred and less prone to heavy-handed mismanagement , corruption , etc. 
  than centralized power far from the ground . 
  the government that exercised its power in signing the document , and the parliament that exercised its power in incorporating it , were both elected by the people . 
  that 's pretty close to the ruled . 
  i was hesitant to venture into the comments section , because discussions about the echr are always so full of misinformation and misunderstanding . 
  while it 's important that we tackle the backlog of cases , weakening the echr is not the way to do it . 
  in fact , the echr is already pretty weak in the uk and ireland ; a finding by strasbourg that a uk statute is incompatible with the echr has no real impact on the legal validity of the statute . 
  i do n't really understand why brits get so worked up about the echr , as it does n't really do anything to undermine their sovereignty . 
  i think a lot of people mistakenly conflate the echr with the eu . 
  it would be interesting to see exactly what changes are proposed , and it 's unfortunate that news articles like this never go into more detail . 
  but at this point it 's a fairly safe bet to say that if this reform is the brainchild of a tory , it ca n't be good for the future of the echr . 
  that 's right bitches , y' all stay out of hibernia . 
  you know croatia is n't in the eu right ? 
  well there were all those structural funds that basically built the infrastructure we have today . 
  also free and open access to the single biggest trading bloc on the planet . 
  the eu already has a judiciary and a constitution , except that the constitution of the eu is set out in several treaties rather than a single document , and is more technical and detailed than the us constitution ( which is good , as it leaves less room for politically charged interpretation ) . 
  i 'd rather sail this ship to safety with the help of some friends than go down with it on my own . 
  of course not . 
  british universities are only good when the tories are in power . 
  you just keep denying the facts , then . 
  i believe yes voters were actually polled , in a poll taken after the vote by red c or mrbi , i 'm not sure which . 
  edit : here 's a eurobarometer one from 2008 http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/flash/fl_245_en.pdf, 
  heh , i did n't see the start date in the title . 
  i just presumed it had become available much earlier , given that the lisbon treaty was ratified a while ago now . 
  my bad . 
  i do have the lotto numbers for the next few weeks , but i think we need it more than you guys , no ? 
  lisbon had nothing to do with sharing money with dudes in the east , and as someone who campaigned for a yes vote and dealt with many treaty opponents of all shapes and sizes , i can tell you that no one ever mentioned that as an issue . 
  name-dropping irish town names ? 
  well now i have no choice but to agree with you . 
  this is just a return to normality for us . 
  [ imelda may ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ckpwaez7_8 ), 
  it 's for all of the european union , not just the eurozone . 
  it is an interesting idea and it 's a shame it has n't been more widely used . 
  sad to see the eurovision get so much hate . 
  i think the current flag is great , why would we change it ? 
  women outlive men everywhere . 
  i always wonder what the homicide figures would look like across different countries if you excluded gang-related killings . 
  it would be very difficult to do so i doubt there are any reliable graphs out there on this , but it 's an interesting thought because it seems that a large majority of murders in my country ( at least , of those publicised in the news ) are gang related . 
  how is this situation in other countries ? 
  i actually picked democratic socialist , assuming it to be the same thing ... 
  yes , but if the brits got rid of the monarchy in the morning they would n't change their stance on the north . 
  and then there are irish republicans who oppose the british presence in northern ireland . 
  the options in the `` political views '' section should be more precisely defined , as some of those terms could mean different things in different countries . 
  it 's kinda the same in ireland . 
  here , it is generally illegal to get an abortion , but you have the right to travel to other jurisdictions , and you will not be prosecuted here for availing of services in other jurisdictions which are lawfully available in those jurisdictions . 
  o'leary ? 
  in-your-face ? 
  never !, 
  contrary to how it might seem , this is where the democratic nature of the eu really shines through . 
  because , although the council may have adopted an underhanded tactic to pass the agreement , that alone will not guarantee that it passes into law ; it must now face review by the european parliament , which is directly democratically elected by the people of europe . 
  if the democratically elected representatives of european citizens do n't deem the agreement satisfactory , no amount of `` subterfuge '' by the council will make it legally binding . 
  by contrast , if we look at the irish government ( and , i imagine , many national governments ) , once the executive decides that an agreement is to become law then that 's effectively the end of the story , bar a constitutional challenge . 
  because the parties controlling the executive will also command a majority in the legislature , there is very little scope for laws to be rejected once the government decides that they are to pass . 
  but we had vikings , how northern european can you get ? 
  what about scotland makes it northern european that ireland does n't have , out of curiosity ? 
   not only is it far more democratic than the european parliament and commission rubbish . 
  first of all the british parliamentary system * as a system * is less democratic than the european parliament ; as mamlujo pointed out , the ep uses a proportional representation system which is much more fair than britain 's . 
  the increased number of people to meps is a natural and inevitable result of the fact that the ep is trying to represent a much , much larger population . 
  which brings me on to my next point : you 're not comparing like with like . 
  you should be comparing the democratic merits britain 's system with , say france or germany 's parliamentary systems , not with that of the eu . 
  those are more closely analogous . 
  seriously , we all know how to find the economist 's website , we do n't need you linking to every article from here . 
  i think you missed the point of this thread . 
  the financial crisis is exacerbating national rivalries , not european integration . 
   they are charging her with making a bad deal when she was the country 's duly elected president ?!, 
  do they believe they could have gotten a better deal than she did , or is this all simply about getting at moscow ? 
  the idea is that there was corruption involved . 
  and if anything , it 's more about getting at tymoshenko than getting at moscow . 
  the thought of someone panicking because they have n't received their r/europe flair within 10 minutes of requesting it is quite humorous . 
  what a terrible article . 
  extremely light on actual information , and someone should point out that seizing certain things from the public domain is not the same as seizing the public domain . 
  pah , we could argue back and forth all day about which one it is . 
  it 's probably as likely to be either , given that both the credit agencies and the italian authorities have fucked up in the past . 
  all i 'm saying is that there are good reasons why european authorities might want to see the creation of a new , independent credit agency , and i do n't think such an agency would be there simply to rubberstamp aaa ratings or obey the whim of politicians ( if it did , it would quickly lose credibility and become useless , thus defeating the point in the first place ) . 
  the fact that the italian authorities are investigating suggests that there is some suspicion amongst the authorities as to the methods used by the top credit agencies . 
  you really think the eu authorities have reason to place absolute blind trust in the big 3 , given their track record in recent years ? 
   presumably the eu wants its own agency to rubberstamp aaa grades against countries like greece . 
  you say `` presumably '' , but i do n't see any reason to so presume . 
  it 's pretty clear to me that european politicians genuinely believe that us credit agencies are being unduly harsh on european countries . 
  definitely italian authorities have been investigating s&p and moody 's , maybe other countries have been doing the same . 
  after all , the agencies ' credibility has been pretty much shot by their handling of the financial crisis . 
   still , if the eu wants us out , i hope they repay all our `` membership fees '' . 
  they wo n't , nor should they . 
  britain paid those fees in return for access to european markets and a say in how what is now the world 's largest trading bloc is run . 
  speaking of which , i wonder would the uk want to lose those ? 
  ( granted , the uk would probably negotiate a free trade agreement with the eu , but it would still have to pay for the privilege ) .
