  switzerland is another example . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country ), 
  from reading reddit i presumed that pretty much all americans , no matter how liberal , were totally irrationally in love with gun rights . 
  but from speaking to a few liberal americans in real life , it seems that many of them are actually pro-gun control . 
  reddit just seems to be used disproportionately by this weird liberal gun nut demographic . 
  it 's tempting to generalise but most liberal americans i know would think reddit 's absolutist stance on gun rights is bizarre . 
  take a look at [ this table ] ( http://pwt.econ.upenn.edu/php_site/pwt70/pwt70_retrieve.php ) -- i know it 's unsightly , but it 's the only place i could find the data spanning the relevant time period . 
  the table lists annual gdp figures from 1950-2000 for italy , ireland , germany , spain , france , luxembourg , portugal and finland . 
  and i think there 's a pretty undeniable upward trend there . 
  the fact is that from 1950 to 2000 europe grew considerably wealthier , notwithstanding any political or economic bumps along the way . 
  east germany was not in the union . 
  i think jb_uk is asking how you explain the prosperity of the european union countries in the last 60 years . 
  i think this probably stems from finland 's own experiences with sovereign debt . 
  finland came out of both world wars massively indebted , initially to the us and then to the ussr . 
  rather than default or look for a bailout , finland paid its debts in full , enduring significant hardship in the process . 
  so many finns , particularly those with a sense of nationalism and of finnish history , are probably quite unhappy about seeing other countries being given such an `` easy ride '' ( as they would see it ) . 
  i stand to be corrected on that analysis , of course . 
  in any case , this strikes me as nationalist posturing similar to how the tories act in england . 
  armed population , small-government mindset , suspicion of muslims . 
  i guess it 's more like a chunk of bible belt usa in europe . 
  also , it was found in switzerland , which is like a little chunk of america in europe . 
  i do n't see how this can be good for eurosceptic parties . 
  this is an endorsement of the democratic structure of the eu . 
  so what ? 
  this is the real world , we do n't have the convenience of saying that because the markets are made up of people with money we can or should turn our backs on them . 
  we rely on the markets ; * you * rely on the markets . 
  governments need the markets to fund social welfare programs , and businesses need the markets to continue employing people and providing goods and services . 
  and the happier the markets are the less of a premium we all pay . 
  it would be nice it that was n't the case , but it is . 
  i hate that i 'm starting to sound like a libertarian in this subreddit . 
  i 'm actually a pretty left-leaning social democrat , but these mindless anti-capitalist rants are simply out of touch with reality . 
  let me show you ... 
  no , i do n't agree with that at all . 
  - if there was any `` bullying '' , it was via spain and italy 's refusal to back the growth pact ; nothing to do with gdp . 
  - the proposal to allow the ecb to lend directly to banks rather than via governments is a sensible idea that solves the real and persistent problem of weak banks dragging down weak sovereigns which then in turn drag down weak banks . 
  - i think that this deal will be good for all the financially troubled nations . 
  certainly here in ireland , the media ( who generally love to sell doom and gloom , especially regarding european issues ) are all reporting very positively on the development , and the yields on our bonds have plummeted . 
  this is because of indications that ireland would also get a better deal on its repayments , and in particular that the assumption by a past government of a massive amount of private debt might be reviewed . 
  honestly i am really happy with the outcome of this summit and i think we might finally be getting somewhere . 
  if these market rallies continue , the peripheral nations will be able to return to the bond markets sooner and this will demonstrate to the creditor nations that giving debt-burdened nations some breathing space can actually work in the interests of the creditor nations . 
  between spain and italy standing up for the peripheral nations and hollande 's new emphasis on growth in france , we may have finally found the counterbalance to germany 's focus on austerity and fiscal responsibility . 
  i was responding specifically to the suggestion that society gains nothing when banks * succeed * . 
  what constant bull market propaganda ? 
  look at two highly regarded examples , the financial time and the economist ; both have more than their fair of doom and gloom . 
  when the banks succeed , they lend to businesses who employ you and provide you with goods and services . 
  thank you . 
  i am appaulled by the sensationalist misinformed tripe that is being upvoted here . 
  i really thought / r/europe was better than this . 
  yeah , nothing to do with murdoch 's news empire . 
  sorry but this article is utter bullshit . 
  it is legally impossible for the commissioner to ignore the will of the eu parliament in terms of progressing with the ratification process , which is why the commissioner expresses no such intention . 
  it 's actually a good thing that the commission would press on with the court case regardless of the parliament 's vote , because then we will know whether ( and why/why not ) acta is compatible with eu law as the debate continues . 
  this :  if it is found to be incompatible , de gucht admits that rather than accept this ruling , the european commission will try to find some trick to circumvent it :  `` if the court questions the conformity of the agreement with the treaties we will assess at that stage how this can be addressed . '', 
  is the biggest load of bs i have read in a while . 
  all the commissioner says here is essentially that he 'll cross that bridge when he comes to it . 
  nothing at all about circumventing the will of the court . 
  the article completely puts words in the comissioner 's mouth . 
  resubmitting proposals to be approved at a later date is standard practice . 
  it in no way undermines the democractic process ; all the standard procedures must still be observed , meaning that if the parliament still is n't happy with the agreement , it still wo n't become law . 
  i doubt anyone would complain if a law that they supported was resubmitted for approval after it was rejected . 
  it 's only ever a complaint that peope raise against laws they oppose . 
  you 're probably getting downvoted because ( a ) you 're talking about the us experience when the thread is specifically about european experiences , and ( b ) you 're being a condescending ass . 
   it also used to be common that parents would save some money to buy an apartment and rent it out until it was needed by a child . 
  is this really what happened , or did people simply borrow in order to buy the apartment ? 
  be honest now ... 
  - by buying government bonds , banks are essentially lending to governments or pushing down the cost of government borrowing in the future , so this is a way for the ecb to ease countries ' debt burdens without lending to them directly . 
  - the profits banks make on the bonds will help them to recapitalise and , hopefully , eventually get them lending again . 
  there were a whole host of `` x is not iceland '' statements a while back , too . 
  i imagine their spending still outstrips their revenue , even now . 
  and this would be much more true if they took the course of action you are suggesting . 
  reducing the deficit to 0 % immediately , which is what would be required , would require even more austerity than is being handed out now , which would lead to further suffering and further economic strangulation . 
  business would most likely pull out of greece , not wanting to keep their investment in such a high-risk country ( strangled economy , no affordable access to debt , government that is now hated by the international community ) . 
  greece might also face economic sanctions from the rest of the europe , further strangling the economy and increasing the need for debt . 
   but it now could form a coalition with other groups willing to honor bailout deals , among them the socialist pasok party , which came in third . 
  i do n't really understand this . 
  i just do n't understand what interest the commission would have in wilfully censoring discussion on these topics . 
  i can almost understand it in relation to homosexuality , since that 's still a kind of hot topic across europe ( though still not really , because i 've never though the commission to be anti-gay ) , but for issues like suicide and reproductive problems ? 
  what does the commission gain from silencing discussion on that topic ? 
  it seems to me like it 's more a case of short-sightedness or inadvertance on the commission 's part , rather than a malicious intention to censor . 
  either way , the important thing is that in future , important topics like suicide receive the public attention they deserve . 
  says who ? 
  no legal system that i know of states that once someone touches you you have the right to do whatever you want to them . 
  you generally have a very limited right to respond to an assault with appropriate force if you feel you are in immediate danger . 
  this guys was not in danger and punching someone in the face three times in response to being hit with a newspaper is definitely not appropriate or proportionate . 
  ( also , he was actually the first to commit assault when he threw the water across the table . ), 
  we are britain 's shield ? 
  i hope this incident shows the greek electorate that golden dawn are not fit to serve in parliament . 
  he was unemployed since around the time the crisis started to hit greece . 
  given that coincidence you could at least have given the guy the benefit of the doubt . 
  i think he was referring to the `` american dream '' that if you work hard enough , you can go from rags to riches . 
  do you know how eu contributions work ? 
  they do n't vary according to your levels of euroscepticism . 
  so much cynicism , here as with everywhere else . 
  of course the eu is riddled with problems right now . 
  but let 's not lose sight of the bigger picture . 
  as the linked page says , europe day is to commemorate the schuman declaration , which had as its main aim the achievement of peace in europe . 
  for all our problems , we can at least the member states of the eu are n't trying to wipe each other out , which is an improvement on the last few centuries . 
  i imagine the us probably spends a massive amount on military r&d , which would drive up that number ? 
  either way , i do n't really see the issue here .
