do you not have any capital gains tax ? 
  they did n't invest in eastern poland :(, 
  i think trucidator 's comment [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2l9c34/ireland_set_to_become_fastestgrowing_eu_economy/clst091 ) is a good analysis of the advantages ireland has and why it is not the same as other under-performing peripheral countries . 
  this means that it 's not as simple as other countries mimicking our actions to experience our recovery . 
  or possibly they 're expecting qe . 
  i hope you do n't mind , but i reposted this to / r/eulaw . 
   it 's embarrassing when other europeans find out about this , but , well , there 's a reason why we went bankrupt . 
  because we did n't have water charges ? 
  interesting economic analysis . 
  we have fairly high income taxes compared to some other european countries , from which our water system was funded in the past , so to suggest that it 's a matter of not thinking we have to pay for stuff is nonsense . 
  we 've always paid for the water system , the only thing that will change is who pays what proportion of the cost . 
  i 'm not opposed to water charges , by the way , but this self-flagellation is just for show and is more embarrassing than a few protests . 
  the idea of australians calling europeans racist is hilarious . 
  nobody wants the uk to leave but the uk leaving is less harmful to the eu than having a member who blatantly does n't care about any of the rules or values of the eu , so if it comes down to it uk exit is what they will choose . 
  same way you fine an individual who pays taxes ? 
  it 's a matter of semantics . 
  i would think that if a suggests a commissioner and then b approves and acts upon that suggestion , it is apt to say that a has played some role in the election of the commissioner . 
  similarly , the commission can only propose legislation , it 's up to the parliament and the council to decide if it gets enacted , but it would certainly be inappropriate to say that the commission has no role in the legislative process . 
  i can understand why you chose not to put an arrow there but i think there is , in reality , an important link between member states and the commission that should not be ignored . 
  i do think it would be more clear ( or at least , more accurate ) if there was an arrow from national governments to the european commission . 
  nominating a commissioner feeds into the selection process , even if national governments do n't actually determine the final composition of the commission . 
   the `` loan rates '' are the same across the entire ez , because every country uses the euro and therefore all get the same borrowing costs . 
  i believe he means that the state ( government ) can borrow at a rate lower than inflation . 
  the eonia is the interbank rate , it is not the rate at which governments borrow . 
  german government bond yields are indeed below inflation ( a lot of the time at least ) , whereas greek government bonds are n't . 
  our protests are full of people holding joke signs , and while it can be funny if you 're not used to it , after a while it ( a ) gets pretty old , and ( b ) can diminish the seriousness of the message being sent . 
  to add to what notfinnishbutbritish said , we do n't all have this childish dogmatic view of corporations as being 100 % evil and clueless , either . 
   that can only work if new money is spent on investments , not benefits . 
  this is n't true . 
  money which is handed out as benefits is much more likely to be spent into the economy and thus stimulate economic growth . 
  the ecb has been trying to stimulate growth for ages now . 
  it is the governments that are the problem . 
  i only saw it today in a different sub , i did n't check the date . 
  i presumed it was new and did n't see it in the recent posts . 
  i 've deleted it now . 
  i only saw it today in a different sub , i did n't check the date . 
  i presumed it was new and did n't see it in the recent posts . 
  i 've deleted it now . 
  i only saw it today in a different sub , i did n't check the date . 
  i presumed it was new and did n't see it in the recent posts . 
  i 've deleted it now . 
  rail is another potential solution . 
  i think anything lng is going to be much more expensive than just pumping it through a pipe though . 
  the annoying thing is that the eurosceptics still complain about how this place is a circlejerk and how they 're always oppressed by downvotes , even when their comments are voted to the top . 
  we 're probably some of the least xenophobic people in europe . 
  we do n't really have a large-scale anti-immigrant movement here at all . 
   you ca n't give evidence for this sort of thing . 
  it 's like saying `` give evidence that your investment will pay off '' . 
  nothing will ever be enough because you can not predict the future . 
  sounds like we should be very slow to effect such drastic change , then . 
  if we ca n't predict what the effect of the changes will be then that in itself is a substantial argument against those changes . 
  nobody likes uncertainty . 
   so now we 're talking about low-tax countries ? 
  regardless , them opposing it does not follow them not benefiting from it . 
  yes , i thought we were always talking about low-tax jurisdictions , that 's what the article in question and pretty much all the comments are about . 
  and why do you think they oppose it ? 
  they hardly oppose it because it would be beneficial to them . 
   and it would also mean a greater transfer from ireland to spain , italy , france , romania , greece , etc. 
  yes , the tax havens will get hurt and that 's the point . 
  they 're the ones screwing the rest of us over and this is the solution . 
  i 'm sure you can see why a system where ireland gets systematically raped and pillaged by pretty much every other country in the eu would not go down well in ireland . 
  seriously , taking money from small countries and giving it to large ones is highly counter-intuitive and counter-productive . 
  why should money flow from ireland , croatia and lithuania to germany and the uk , where is the fairness in that ? 
  well you are the one proposing we fundamentally overhaul the tax systems of 28 countries , so yes , i think that proposal requires some fairly concrete evidence of the benefits you are alleging . 
  a good indication that your proposal would not benefit low-tax countries is that low-tax countries staunchly oppose common tax rates . 
  i 'm also not sure what you mean by `` proportional distribution '' . 
  do you mean directly proportional to population or inversely proportional to wealth ? 
  if it 's the former , then you 'd have a situation where , for example , money flows from ireland to germany , and i really fail to see how that could benefit ireland compared to the current system where ireland can use its tax rate to compete with germany . 
  if it 's the latter , then that is essentially what i mean by wealth transfers , so yes , it could work depending on the extent of those transfers . 
  well since you 're proposing this ( very significant ) change perhaps you would like to post a source for your claim . 
  are they really ? 
  ireland , which is the most oft-cited low-tax bogeyman , has had its corporation tax rate at 12.5 % for more than a decade . 
  it 's not racing anywhere , up or down . 
  where are the nations that are actively aggressively lowering their corporate tax rates on a regular basis ? 
  you 'd probably have to massively increase the volume of wealth transfers from richer to poorer nations in order to actually make it worth it for them . 
  which is fine in theory , but i bet the very countries who complain about low-tax jurisdictions would also complain about such large wealth transfers . 
  they have the rest of reddit to talk about themselves though . 
  this is a subreddit for europeans . 
  i have no problem with americans being here but let 's not make it about them . 
  then why are you trying to convince us that austrian food is so good ? 
  how can austrian food be real if national food are n't real ? 
  despite the name , i do n't intend that it be strictly about eu law . 
  i would like there to be some european element to the discussion ; what i would n't want , for example , is a load of danish people talking amongst themselves about the impact of danish law on danish people . 
  but i think discussions which compare and contrast the national laws of different european countries would be very interesting . 
  at the end of the day , as long as contributions are high quality and somewhat on point , i 'm not going to be too aggressive about removing them . 
  / r/eulaw is a subreddit about eu and european law and related topics . 
  it 's supposed to give europeans a chance to discuss legal issues that matter to them , when places like / r/law are dominated by americans . 
  i only recently started publicising it and it 's still quite small but hopefully as more people find out about it we can get a good community going !, 
  it 's not just for legal academics or practitioners , anyone with an interest in european law is welcome . 
  ireland beats the uk by tea consumption per capita https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita, 
  there are n't that many irish dishes that are popular nowadays , especially in restaurants . 
  we used to regularly have colcannon when i was a kid . 
  but you stole it from us so it 's all good !, 
  maybe i 'm just too cynical but i 'm actually surprised and impressed that you found seven interesting things about ireland . 
  until i got to talinn i was actually wondering if any parliament went against the semi-circular convention . 
  you also get to study cases about sex dolls and whether frozen yoghurt is * truly * yoghurt . 
  it can be fun in its own way !, 
  nice !, 
  thanks !, 
  i love these .
