  / r/languagelearning, 
  if they do n't post here i find it hard to see how we can include them in the conversation . 
  while i understand your concerns about the commission , it 's rather disingenuous to pretend that the commission is directly analogous to your government . 
  for one , the commission is not the sole holder of executive power in the eu ; it shares executive power with the council , which , being composed of members of the national executives , is arguably as democratically composed as those executives . 
  secondly , the commission is the civil service of the eu as well as one of the executive bodies , and much of what it does is not the kind of thing you would expect elected leaders to do ( for example , bringing proceedings to enforce the treaties ) . 
  from a legislative perspective , the parliament is by now the most powerful institution . 
  in nearly all areas of policy , a piece of legislation must receive the consent of parliament before coming law ; the same is not true for the commission or the council . 
  as i said , i agree that there are problems with the way the commission is currently constituted , but you only undermine your own arguments by presenting the facts in such a slanted way . 
  the context was `` i love europe . 
  i holiday there often . '', 
  nobody would say `` i love europe '' and then by way of evidence , state that they never holiday anywhere other than their own country . 
  the french are rather notorious for refusing to get on the english bandwagon . 
  they are very proud of their own language ( the other main language of the eu ) so they tend to be less able and/or willing to speak english . 
  pretty much everywhere else in europe , especially north europe ( germany , netherlands , scandinavia ) tend to speak english very well . 
  speak for yourself , i fully consider myself a european . 
  i 'm pretty ashamed that i did n't notice anything was wrong until i saw the irish flag ... 
  well , switzerland also has to implement various provisions of eu law , and it also has no say over the contents of those laws , so i 'm not sure why you think they have it so much better . 
  and while it 's true that you could sell oil and gas to other nations , the fact is that the eu is by far the largest purchaser of norwegian produce , and particularly with the us pushing for energy self-sufficiency over the next few years , it would be severely misguided for norway to piss off its neighbours and biggest customers . 
  there 's no magical fix here where you get to have all of the benefits with none of the costs . 
  the rules are simple and necessary . 
  if you want free trade with the eu , you must apply its rules ; if you want to have a say in the crafting of its rules , you must cede some of your own sovereignty in exchange . 
  like what ? 
  so if the commission was reformed , you 'd be okay with joining ? 
  i think when the uk joins the euro we should n't let them put their own symbol on the back and should force them to use a generic european circle of stars , just to annoy them . 
  i do n't want direct democracy . 
  it sounds good , but no one really wants to have to educate themselves on every complex and boring technical document that comes to a vote . 
  i know from the referendums we have had on numerous eu treaties here in ireland that it only leads to people getting frustrated at all the constant canvassing and ultimately voting based on misinformation . 
  i think most people really want to leave the politics to the politicians so they can get on with their own lives . 
  i think we need to preserve representative democracy but streamline it and bring it closer to the people . 
  reducing the role of nation-states will takes us a long way towards achieving this goal i think . 
  but that involves making some difficult choices about national sovereignty . 
  seriously ? 
  any plan which seeks to achieve a set of goals by a specific deadline is communist to you ? 
  that seems an awfully defensive post . 
  what is wrong with saying that the european economy is coming to rival that of the us ? 
  i have to say i think you 're putting the cart before the horse there . 
  you say there 's no reason to stay in the eu because you have no power there ; the way i see it , you have so little power because you are so obviously unenthusiastic about being there in the first place . 
  when you listen to france and germany argue back and forth , they are using the language of european union -- even if they are trying to push their own national interests , they express those interests in terms of the kind of eu they want to build going forward . 
  i think this is key to the persuasiveness of their arguments . 
  and i think that if the uk was willing to engage on these terms instead of being sceptical about the very existence of the eu or its membership of it , the uk would have a lot more success at pushing its interests . 
  well you 're antagonising everyone else right now , and the us is publicly undermining you . 
  could it be that the us actually wants you to cooperate for once ? 
  in addition to this , stimulating domestic demand also drives up inflation , something of which germans have an almost pathological fear . 
  not to mention that by driving up wages and production costs it would make german industry less competitive against other countries . 
  inflation and loss of competitiveness do n't seem like things that germans want . 
  maybe you should stay out of the threads about islam then , and stick to the many other threads that have really interesting and reasonable discussions going on . 
  or maybe you just find it more fun to complain about how the subreddit has gone to shit . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  nobody said companies wo n't or should n't try to minimise costs . 
  they will always do that , which is why we need laws which prevent them minimising costs in a way that is excessively harmful to society . 
  the point is simply that in a common market without harmonised regulation , any regulation at all becomes very expensive and difficult to enforce . 
  he has great opinions and policies , but he has been so weak in coalition i could never consider him a good politician . 
  neelie kroes was a great competition commissioner and is doing well as digital agenda commissioner imo . 
  hollande has been an excellent counterweight to merkel and his focus on growth is good for europe . 
  merkel herself i have a lot of respect for , even though i do n't always agree with her . 
  i 'd rather my politicians have brains than balls . 
  the way cameron is acting is not fair , friendly or functional , so if you want that you might want to elect a different leader , or at least pray that the lib dems finally grow some balls . 
  explain ? 
  this is a common justification for harmonised regulation . 
  it is a consequence of the common market that products lawfully available in one member state should be lawfully available in all member states ( with some very limited exceptions ) . 
  so for a company looking to invest in europe there is a strong incentive to choose countries with lower regulatory burdens , because you get access to the whole european market anyway . 
  i ca n't believe we 're letting them beat us . 
  get it together guys !, 
  we love you !, 
  but in a massive economy with many separate but intertwined financial institutions , it can be difficult to tell which of the institutions fucked up ; and even if you can pinpoint the institutions that were responsible , those institutions probably employ hundreds or thousands of people and have many different offices and layers of authority , so it can be very hard to pinpoint who are the individuals who are responsible enough to merit jail time . 
  and the hope is that by pumping money into it , the eu is enabling it to eventually get its economy back on track and repay its debts , or even just a larger portion of its debts than it could otherwise pay . 
  the credit rating increase is showing that people are now a little bit more confident that that will actually happen . 
  why ? 
  here in ireland at least education is free and you get a grant , so many lower class and lower-middle class people can go to college if they choose . 
  and then you get further grants if you go on erasmus . 
  i know people who have benefited from the erasmus program who i would by no means describe as upper middle class . 
  if anything , erasmus largely serves the purpose of widening the number of people who can travel abroad ; the rich could afford a six month holiday to europe anyway , but erasmus makes it more universally affordable . 
  is n't it also to ensure stability of food supply to europe though ? 
  ensuring that we have ample agricultural capacity at the ready in case things take a turn for the worse and supplies from elsewhere fail us . 
  i would n't say this graphic completely dispels the idea that internet usage is linked to wealth . 
  there is a definite north-south divide which roughly corresponds to the economic divide in europe . 
  of course the correlation is not perfect , and it seems that eastern europe bucks the trend somewhat . 
  if you 're looking for it work and do n't have a continental language then ireland could actually be a good bet , we are a country of native english speakers and despite our general economic mess our it industry is doing pretty well . 
  of course , coming from england , ireland would be very similar so if you 're looking to travel it 's probably not a very exciting idea . 
  i do really like euronews , but i was talking more about modomario 's idea of documentaries and europarltv etc. 
   the newspapers do n't seem too interested . 
  i think this is a large part of the problem ; so often the eu gets blamed for failing to communicate with the people , but effective communication requires third parties like the media , and citizens themselves , to take some form of an interest in its doings . 
  this rarely happens . 
  i think a large part of it is that the newspapers ( many of which , the trashier ones at least , have a pronounced anti-eu agenda themselves ) are much more willing to report on negative things about the eu than positive things , or even to put a negative slant on things which could really be considered neutral or positive . 
  either way , they rarely give the full side of the story . 
  i bet the next article you see in the telegraph or the daily express bitching about the lack of transparency in the eu wo n't link to this portal . 
  a tv station might be a good idea , but some people would criticise it as being propaganda no matter how objective it sought to be , and then you have to ask who would watch it . 
  perhaps more of an effort could be made to promote awareness of the eu through the education system . 
  in ireland we take a class called civil , social and political education which is supposed to touch on the basics of the eu but it is far from adequate . 
  for one , it is only taught from approximately ages 13-15 , and the exam in it is never considered for college applications or anything . 
  the exam is pitifully easy , leading it to be perceived as a joke class by students . 
  teachers who teach it are usually not specialised in it or any connected area . 
  and it only touches on the very basics of the eu , not really making any effort to impress upon students just how important it is . 
  i have always thought we should have a better , more serious political and social education in schools which would focus strongly on the eu . 
  wrong . 
  as per article 8.2 of the constitution :  2 . 
  the english language is recognised as a second ** official ** language . 
  does n't mean i 'm obliged to use it , or that many people actually use it in day to day speech . 
  bar50cal 's post , to which i was responding , said `` in ireland we ca n't decide which language to use . '', 
  in every day conversation , i have no trouble deciding which language to use , regardless of what bunreacht says .
