  i do n't think any of the eu member states would actually be better off if they declared that they were no longer going to come to the aid of ireland . 
  they would still maintain large armies with global reach . 
  so i 'm clearly not saying that ireland does n't benefit from eu military spending , which is what you seem to be suggesting . 
  i agree with eu integration at a military level , and with ireland strengthening its ties with the eu . 
  however ...  we 're effectively leeching off both nato and the eu for security whilst simultaneously condemning their behaviour we are not condemning their behaviour ; we are neutral , which means that by definition we do not condemn or oppose the policies of the other member states or the eu as a whole . 
  furthermore , i do n't think we could be considered a leech . 
  not one cent is spent by nato , the eu or any member state on the protection of ireland . 
  that money is spent by those bodies in order to protect their own interests , and as a side effect of that , we benefit . 
  it 's more of a positive externality than a host-leech situation . 
   we 're not pulling our own weight within the union - we 're taking in more than we 're giving back , we 're not contributing to defense , and we 've created a shit tonne of political instability i 'm not really sure the republic can be considered to have created a ton of political instability . 
  i presume you 're referring to the troubles , but i fail to see how any irish government could be blamed for the acts of the ira . 
  on the issue of taking in more than we 're giving back , i agree with you here , but the main concern here is economic rather than military . 
  eu leaders do n't really care that we 're not contributing significantly to common military efforts ; what they * do * care about is that our economy is weak , which negatively affects the euro and leads to the ecb having to support us . 
  in that context , i think all interests would be better served by ireland spending its money either repaying its loans or investing in the economy , rather than raising a military . 
   ireland has rapidly been losing political relevancy since our first rejection of the lisbon treaty , and our continuing disassociation from mainland european issues is going to hasten that . 
  in order to maintain some relevancy as the union progresses , we need to throw ourselves in entirely we have lost political relevancy because we have gone from being europe 's success story to being a dependent debtor state . 
  hopefully , now that we have left the bailout program and are starting to regain economic strength , we will regain relevancy in europe . 
  relevancy in the eu has always been related to economic , political and diplomatic strength . 
  i think this will continue . 
  an eu where relevancy derives from contributions to a common military effort is an eu where ireland remains irrelevant forever , as there is no way we can ever contribute as much as nations like france , germany and the uk . 
   on a politically rare note ; honour . 
  ireland would genuinely be in the shitter without the eu , and before that all of our infrastructural and welfare projects have been subsidised by the eu - how can we continue to behave in such a manner when our debt to the union is so large ? 
  i 'm not sure what to say about this one as it is rather subjective . 
  i agree that we owe a lot to the eu but i think this debt is better paid by getting on board with economic and political integration efforts . 
  ultimately , i think irish people feel quite strongly about neutrality and so compromising it would badly damage perception of the eu in ireland , which would hurt everyone . 
  irish people can probably be more easily persuaded to get on board with the eu on economic and political issues -- and with more beneficial effects , too . 
  i am all for further eu integration but on a practical level , i feel like pursuing an abandonment of irish neutrality would be an inefficient use of resources in the sense that maintaining neutrality means more to irish people than our military contributions would to the eu . 
  but in order to have free trade with the eu , you would have to apply many of its trade-related rules . 
  this is what norway and switzerland currently have to do , for example . 
  the eu would never have free trade with a non-member state that does n't agree to apply many of its regulations , because to do so would completely undermine the eu 's attempts to regulate its own market . 
  so , if you were to have a free trade agreement with the eu , the chances are you 'd still have to apply eu-made law , but now you would no longer have a say in the creation of that law . 
  how is it a surprise that extremely devout religious people wo n't change their religious beliefs when asked ? 
  it sounds kind of meaningless to me , just a soundbite designed to win support . 
  perhaps you can explain what it means in concrete political terms ? 
  by the time these estates ever find themselves in demand again , they will have fallen into disrepair -- that is , unless the government spends millions to maintain them . 
  in some cases this might be economical , but really , so many of the estates are so poorly built , in such bad areas with no access to amenities etc , that even when the property market recovers there will be very little use for them . 
  that 's a pretty narrow focus . 
  for me , the reasons to support a federal europe are many and varied . 
  a large part of it is equality , including economic and social equality . 
  the best way to ensure this is to subject everyone to the same rules and the same governing body . 
  another important principle is freedom ; i believe that people should have as much freedom as possible to live and work wherever they please . 
  the eu seeks to give its citizens access to a colossal economic area , but nation states constantly seek to undermine these efforts by introducing barriers to free movement , or perhaps by dragging their heels in relation to the abolition of such barriers . 
  furthermore , influence on the world stage need not be military ; economic and diplomatic influence are arguably as important if not more important . 
  and in order for the eu to wield such power , i feel there has to be harmonisation of economic and foreign policies amongst member states . 
  i 've never voted for anyone based on the suit they wore . 
  if you did , it says more about you than the democratic system . 
  send them to me and i will press them flat for you . 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  a couple of suggestions : - a couple of the statements are oddly worded . 
  do i believe that homosexuality is moral ? 
  i believe that it is morally acceptable , i do not believe that it is morally superior . 
  i 'm sure you meant the first one , but the statement as i read it is rather ambiguous . 
  - some of the opinion questions only give `` yes / no / do n't know '' options . 
  turkey , for example . 
  i see no reason why these questions ca n't be given the same 5 agreement level options as the other statements . 
  for example , i support turkish accession to the eu in principle , but only subject to certain conditions relating to turkey 's human rights record etc. 
  so given the normal 5-point scale i would probably have said `` 4 '' , but here i just had to say `` yes '' which implies absolute support . 
  - i think sometimes the united kingdom can be separated into its constituent parts , particularly where the questions are about the cultural aspects of the countries . 
  for example , i might want to say that scotland is my favourite country in europe but here i would have to select `` united kingdom '' . 
  - we could possibly have a couple of questions about the irc channel in there ? 
  do you ever go there , how often etc. 
  i know the irc channel is only used by a small number of / r/europe users , but i think it 's a good community and i am always in favour of further advertising it . 
  which is inappropriate when there is no evidence that the man ever beat his wife . 
  in this case , it is pretty much common knowledge that the eu has an image problem . 
  the question itself does n't make any new assertion or assumption of fact . 
  using your definition , any question that asks `` why '' is a loaded question . 
   this means with registered residence in spain and paying income taxes in spain and being able to vote and being elected in local elections . 
  does this include retirees who may not pay income tax in spain ? 
  because there are a lot of those . 
  what is the relevance of this , out of curiosity ? 
  - commissioners are nominated by democratically elected national governments . 
  i 'm pretty sure it would even be open to a country to hold an election to determine which commissioner to send forward . 
  - eurosceptics love to pretend that the commission is the whole eu because it is ( admittedly ) the least democratic institution , but the fact is that it can only draw up the first draft of any legislation and is completely powerless to pass laws itself . 
  once legislation is proposed by the commission , it is then amended by the parliament and the council , and ultimately it is the parliament that decides whether the law enters force . 
  this was n't always the case ; the parliament used to be completely powerless , but over the last twenty years or so it has essentially become the most powerful institution as far as the creation of eu law is concerned . 
  i think a lot of this rhetoric about brussels being a bunch of unelected bureaucrats forcing law on us without a democratic mandate date from before this time , and simply were n't revised when the situation changed . 
  thanks . 
  also not butthurt , but to suggest that any country that is a net beneficiary of eu fund is `` extorting money '' is absurd . 
  i know you put the phrase in quotation marks implying that you probably do n't believe it yourself , but i do n't think you should be perpetuating a myth like that at all . 
  if it truly is shyness , they are very good at dressing it up as pride . 
  i always get a good laugh out of the opening sentence to the wikipedia article on * la transici\u00f3n * :  the spanish transition to democracy was the era when spain moved from the dictatorship of francisco franco to restoration of the spanish monarchy . 
  they are acknowledging that not many people use the language in their everyday lives . 
  that is not self-loathing . 
  i acknowledge that fact and do n't think any less of myself or ireland for it . 
  nor does you being fluent change the fact . 
  stop being so sensitive . 
  edit : and before i get the usual response , note that i 'm not saying * you * do n't use it , i 'm not saying that * no one * uses it , i 'm saying that the levels of everyday usage do n't even approach the levels that most first languages enjoy . 
  indeed . 
  neelie kroes has to be one of the best commissioners . 
  i think it is time to put this series to rest . 
  calling most posters here part of a hivemind , implying that they can not think for themselves , is both insulting and dismissive . 
  that 's because what you 're seeing is what the media wants you to see , which is obviously going to be the most shocking thing they can find . 
  no one wants to watch videos of cyrpiots being calm and thinking the eu is okay . 
  on the ground where meidei lives could well be a pretty pro-eu ( or at least not anti-eu ) area . 
  you may also have heard about eurosceptics in ireland ; they certainly get more than their share of media coverage . 
  but in everyday life i rarely see or hear any . 
  i think there is a view permeating / r/europe and perhaps reddit more generally that pessimism is somehow `` cool '' and that optimism is , by contrast , naive . 
   as a result i often find pro-european arguments here descend to `` but if only we got the right meps/leaders and magicked things to be like x , y , z then europe would be a nirvana '' . 
  which is fine as far as it goes but it does demonstrate a disconnect between idealism and reality . 
  what exactly demonstrates a disconnect between idealism and reality ?
