  but the problems which these measures were introduced to combat still exist in the minds of eu citizens , partially at least because they are not aware of the impact of these reforms . 
  another important reform i think we need to see is the vesting of the power to initiate legislation in the european parliament . 
  the fact that this power is currently reserved to the unelected commission is commonly raised as a concern about eu democracy . 
  it 's not lack of ambition , it 's optimism and that is important . 
  in order to progress and achieve a level of economic success to rival other global powers ' , we have to believe in ourselves , in the european socio-economic model and in the european union as a long-term social , political and economic project . 
  exactly my thoughts !, 
  the more you act like this is some massive scourge that is taking over / r/europe , the more you exacerbate the problem . 
  honestly , i do n't like it any more than you do , but it is much more rare than you are making out . 
  right now on the front page of / r/europe there are no muslim-bashing threads that i can see . 
  the large majority of threads here are about the financial crisis , then there are the usual themes of uk-eu relations , separatist movements etc which comprise a large portion of the remainder . 
  if you 're finding anti-muslim hatred every time you come into / r/europe , then you must be actively seeking it . 
  and if not , then you are characterising the entire subreddit by reference to the occasional distasteful thread . 
  i think there is a lot of undue pessimism about this subreddit . 
  most of the links are interesting and relevant and most of the discussion is still of a much higher quality than you will find elsewhere on reddit . 
  when you act like this entire subreddit has turned into one giant hate-filled circlejerk , you do it a great disservice , because it is quite possible that people see your thread , think `` shit , i do n't want to be a part of that '' and leave before really checking out what / r/europe has to offer . 
  or maybe subscribers see threads like this , perceive the problem as being worse than it is and then unsubscribe . 
  both of these things only serve to increase the proportion of trolls and bigots posting in this subreddit . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't like to see this stuff in / r/europe either . 
  i think we should all make an effort to downvote this kind of content , and i think the mods should be more aggressive in banning blatant trolls . 
  but another thing which i think is crucially important to maintaining the quality of this subreddit is for reasonable people not to unsubscribe or stop participating . 
  so i wish we would stop making such a massive deal about this every other day . 
  those bigots do n't deserve our attention . 
  downvote and move on , and remember that / r/europe is still a pretty great subreddit full of interesting content . 
  stalin did n't do what he did by order of marx , either . 
  he did it to consolidate his power . 
  actually hilarious how they try to blame the eu for the italian mafia . 
  it 's so brave of you to say that ... 
  it was an economic mean to the political end of peace . 
  i thought that too , but see [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/118y0s/human_rights_violations_in_eu_courts_double_in/c6keqdq ) . 
  actually , i think i 'm wrong here . 
  it may be that the european court of human rights commissioned a study of national courts . 
  i thought the headline referred to the number of human rights cases being heard at the ecthr . 
  i 'm actually somewhat saddened that the shit hit the fan just as ireland was about to become a net contributor . 
  would have been nice to have been able to say we were beginning to pay our own way . 
  i 'm sure all the people you 're accusing of being brainwashed think the same about themselves . 
  but it seems that you just downvoted me for questioning you so in your case i have to doubt it . 
  or maybe you 're brainwashed into not accepting different opinions to your own ? 
  damn , that sounds interesting . 
  i might also point out [ newgrange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newgrange ) , ireland 's neolithic monument . 
  not at all . 
  i realise that there are issues with free movement agreements between the uk and ireland , and that these agreements have thus far prevented us from joining the schengen area . 
  but eu membership itself is much more important to ireland . 
  our joining the eu was seen as being instrumental in facilitating our economic development in the late 80s and 90s , and today is still seen as being one of the main factors attracting investment . 
  furthermore , joining the eu as a member in our own right was seen as a massive step in becoming a truly independent nation , as up until then we had largely acted on the world stage either through britain or not at all . 
  so to leave the union now because the british do so would be massively retrograde . 
  and of course , there is the fact that we are in the eurozone , so trying to untangle ourselves from that knot would be very difficult . 
  so i do n't think ireland will be leaving the eu any time soon . 
  if that creates friction with britain over our open border policies , these will have to be resolved some other way . 
  if pushed , i imagine ireland would opt for some increased border control between us and the uk rather than leaving the eu . 
  free movement of workers is essential to the common market , so allowing a concession on this issue would be fatal to it . 
  i definitely do not think britain should be allowed to remain in the eu while restricting free movement of workers to their country . 
  if this is to happen , it should happen by them leaving the eu and entering into some limited free trade agreements with it . 
  they certainly should n't be allowed to have a say in the creation of our laws if they are n't going to abide by them . 
  i would rather they stayed in the eu and continued to abide by the principles of the common market . 
  but if they ca n't abide by something so fundamental as the free movement of workers then it is time for them to leave . 
  i 'm actually trying to learn spanish at the moment myself , so i 'm subbed to a few of the different language - and spanish-related subs . 
  i 'd also like to pick up another one or two after spanish , but one bridge at a time i think . 
  thanks though , and best of luck with it , 
  maybe it accounts for those who refuse to speak to snooty foreigners . 
  i think in terms off communication the uk and ireland have the raw deal because we do n't learn another language in the same way that people from other countries learn english . 
  in english the equivalent is `` storm in a tea cup '' , so i do n't think anyone was too confused . 
  certainly . 
  but i bet if we only saw them later on they would be quite different to what we are seeing now . 
  perhaps they would still be inadequate ( in which case we could hopefully pressure the european parliament into shooting them down like it did acta ) , but i highly doubt proposals as silly as these would even make it to final text stage . 
  abandoning rational discussion is a precursor to fascism . 
  if you knew your history you would know that fascism in europe began with a bunch of people spewing hatred rather than engaging in actual debate with their opponents . 
   you are not going to be debated you are going to be mocked and attacked as you well deserve . 
  this is much closer to fascism than anything else i have seen in this subreddit . 
  okay ... 
  i 'm obviously not going to waste my time engaging with such a bitter , hateful person . 
  have a cup of tea and relax . 
  i seem to be the only `` apologist '' here , and i 'm not even nearly defending the proposals , i 'm just calling for a reasonable debate on internet regulation . 
  no offence , but you direct vitriol towards everything eu-related , so i would n't expect any other response from you . 
  this is the lowest quality boingboing article i have seen in a long time . 
  no content , just sensationalism and vitriol . 
  except that these are just rough ideas , not even proposals , and it 's highly unlikely that either of them would ever become law , let alone both of them . 
  i highly doubt you give more than you get . 
  even ireland has always been a net beneficiary , we were about to become net contributors in 2007 ( when we were , ostensibly , far far richer and more developed than the czech republic ) but then the shit hit the fan . 
  he obviously failed eurography in school . 
  yes . 
  does n't take all that much time to be bothered by something . 
  we all have free time , evident from the fact that we are on reddit . 
  right ... so then why are you so hostile to the possibility that `` europhilia '' refers to a love of the eu ? 
  and why/how is it that the `` euro '' in europhilia refers to europe , but the `` euro '' in euroscepticism refers to the eu ? 
  agreed . 
  as a `` europhile '' myself , i have noticed lately that this subreddit has a reputation as being a pro-eu circlejerk . 
  while i do n't agree with this description , i think removing the reference to europhiles would help to get rid of it . 
  this is hilariously bitter . 
   a penalty of $ 2,980 - equivalent to 10 days pay for someone who claims to hate the eu gravy train , he milks it well enough . 
   which is why there is such a thing as legal precedent . 
  once you 've spent thousands of hours arguing a point , you do n't spend thousands of hours doing it a second time . 
  but only those with a legal background will know what the precedents are . 
   i fail to follow the logic of your argument . 
  you are effectively stating that a constitution should be written in dense legalese , making a strong culture of legal academia a prerequisite , because if it is n't , then you need a strong culture of legal academia to interpret it ( ? ) . 
  that 's not what i 'm stating at all . 
  it 's possible to have a short constitution , written in simple , minimalist language , and leave the construction largely to the courts . 
  it 's also possible to have a constitution consisting largely of `` legalese '' , as you call it . 
  either way works . 
  what i 'm stating is that ** either way , an individual would require a legal background to fully understand what the constitution says ** . 
  you might be able to read the due process clause of the us constitution and know that you can not be deprived of life or liberty without due process of law , but you do n't know what that means without consulting the case law on the matter .
