   well . . in one instance you have a readable constitution with a set of legal precedents , and in the other , you have a document which is unintelligible to the vast majority of the populace . 
  i 'm am strongly opposed to such elitism . 
  it hurts peoples engagement with politics and confines interest in the political to a specialised educated elite . 
  again , a constitution may be `` readable '' without being properly `` intelligible '' by a layman . 
  just because you can read it does n't mean you fully understand your rights under it or the limits it places on what the government can do and when they can restrict these rights . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you can not know the full extent of your rights just by reading that document . 
  [ proof ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_constitutional_law ) . 
  courts have spent thousands of hours , and academics longer still , trying to figure out the true limits and definitions of the principles set out in that constitution . 
  the us constitution has served its people well precisely * because * it is backed up by a strong supreme court and a strong culture of legal academia to debate and discuss its interpretation . 
   a confederation of states with a written constitution intelligible to people without a degree in european law . 
  pretty sure there is no constitution in existence that is properly intelligible by people without some kind of legal education . 
  there are constitutions which use simple language , but that language is then necessarily accompanied by reams of case law which determine its precise meaning . 
  the language you call `` unintelligible '' is what lawyers call precise , the language you call `` intelligible '' is what lawyers call ambiguous . 
  so brave, 
   the discussion i want to have is this : even if you are pro-european how is this not overt orwellian political propoganda ? 
  why do n't you explain why you think it * is * orwellian ? 
  where is the doublespeak , the imprisonment , the censorship , the torture ? 
   surely even if you agree the analysis of the crisis as spreading from the usa , and not from the flaws in a suboptimal currency zone and overspending in contradiction to the growth and stability pact , you will concede that this is contested issue . 
  - considering that non-eurozone countries , most notably the us , have also been hit hard by the crisis , it seems inaccurate to say that the emu is the sole or even the main cause of the crisis . 
  - if the the currency zone is suboptimal , it is precisely because of a lack of banking , economic and banking unions . 
  the video calls for these things to be implemented . 
  so the point is rather moot , because even if the euro was a substantial cause of the crisis , the video calls for actions that will help to ensure that it does not cause a crisis again . 
   surely even if you think the banking supervision by the eu is a good thing , you will agree that there is another position that says it is not . 
  i also agree that gay marriage is a good thing , but i know that many do not . 
  that does n't mean i do n't want the eu and/or my government to take a stance ( namely , my stance ) on the issue . 
   so even if my positions are totally wrong in your view and this video extolling the other side is right , is it not an inappropriate place to be making the argument ? 
  is it not inappropriate for the commission to be paying people out of my taxes for this ? 
  inapropriate for a civil servant , a graphic designer in this case , to be expensively visualising a red crisis spreading from the usa across the globe , and using software to add positive soundtracks to barroso 's point of view ? 
  i do n't see how it 's unreasonable for the commission to be taking a position like this . 
  the institutions of the eu are committed by the treaties to work towards an ever closer union . 
  we knew this when we joined . 
  banking and economic unions are the only way to safeguard against future crises while keeping the eu and its goal of cohesion intact . 
   can someone tell me why i am , as a skeptic , paying for this from my taxes ? 
  because successive governments , all of which have been elected by your country-people , have decided to join and remain in the eu . 
  italy is probably more famous than any other european nation for its coffee , why not go there ? 
  `` can we not < do something  '' is perfectly common english . 
  it 's just a longer form of `` ca n't we < do something  ? '' . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's technically correct or just a form of slang , but either way it 's pretty widely used . 
  i have no problem at all with boobies . 
  it 's just that these particular boobies were disclosed to the viewing public without their owner 's consent . 
  i 'm no prude but i do n't support the violation of her privacy like this , which is why i was asking people to refrain from spreading the video . 
  i figured such a view would n't go down well on reddit , but what the hell . 
  can we not have a bit of class and refrain from facilitating the further destruction of this woman 's privacy ? 
  kind of surprised that finland sided with it . 
  joining the eu takes time , you ca n't do it overnight . 
  especially if spain refuses to recognise catalonia 's independence , the eu would be highly reluctant to go against one of its own members and legitimise catalan independence by allowing it to join independently . 
  i know a few czech and slovak people who work here in ireland for minimum wage , and whenever they go back home they 're like millionaires . 
  in the city , four pints . 
  in the country , five pints . 
  ( that 's in general ; some nightclubs do special promotions that would allow you to stretch that to six or even ten pints , but they will invariably taste like piss . ), 
  but the argument is that many muslims * have * forsaken the more extremist teachings in favour of a more liberal theology . 
  but you dismiss this argument as a no true scotsman fallacy . 
  the fact is that you are holding muslims to a higher standard than christians . 
  you are tarring all muslims with the same extremist brush while acknowledging that many christians do not follow the bible to the letter . 
  this seems like another article that is let down by a poor knowledge of how the eu works . 
  - the commission is not the same as the eu , and in fact the european parliament , if past actions are anything to go by , would be quite opposed to any reincarnation of acta . 
  so saying `` eu wants to sneak in a mini-acta by the backdoor '' must be using some definition of the eu which excludes the parliament , which is absurd because the parliament has the final say on pretty much all eu legislation . 
  - a consultation is not the same as sneaking in a law by the back door . 
  it 's not even close . 
  someone who wanted to sneak in by the backdoor would n't consult the homeowner before doing so . 
  - i 'm no expert on article 14 of the e-commerce directive , but i can not find anything to substantiate the claim that the commission is `` rewriting history '' . 
  anything i can find on the subject backs up the commission 's claim that the article is the basis for notice procedures in the eu . 
  - to claim that the commission is trying to label opponents of increased copyright protection as lovers of child pornography is a stretch , to say the very least . 
  inaccurate and sensationalist articles like these help no one . 
  there are real and important issues with the consultation , which in this article are obscured by weak speculation and rhetoric . 
  i found this to be a better article on the issue : http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/mediapolicyproject/2012/08/24/european-commission-consults-on-notice-and-takedown/, 
  who do you think is paying for these ads ? 
  i would n't expect the eu to advertise croatian tourism any more than i 'd expect the us to advertise irish tourism . 
  but do n't worry , you 'll be in the club soon !, 
  i think the eu 's long-term plan involves expanding until it more accurately fits the geographical description of europe . 
  but obviously it can only do so subject to economic and political constraints . 
  not the strongest argument , really . 
  i can honestly say that i was n't looking for clips from my own country , and i would find it more boring if it heavily featured my own country . 
  it did occur to me , however , that using pooled eu funds to create ads which advertise some countries more than others might be a bit controversial . 
  i think aschebescher was speaking generally . 
  these guys may be returning to manual farming but by and large , society is definitely automating more and more work . 
  the idea of 50 % of people working to give the other 50 % a high standard of living is interesting , but i do n't really see how people would accept such a system . 
  on the one hand , the 50 % who work would see the other 50 % as leeching off their hard work , particularly if the standards of living were pretty much equal . 
  on the other hand , the 50 % who do n't work could suffer many of the mental symptoms of unemployment such as boredom , lack of structure and low self-esteem . 
  and if ( as would probably be the case ) the working 50 % had a higher standard of living than the unemployed 50 % , the unemployed would resent not having that standard of living . 
  the reason division of labour has worked so well is that it made optimal use of scarce labour resources . 
  the whole point of automation is that it removes the scarcity of labour , so this will be less important than it has been historically . 
   with a click , the young city traders can bring down governments or threaten the survival of the euro . 
  bit sensationalised ... 
  it has happened , yes . 
   what ? 
  you have to be able to use three languages to go to university ? 
  you have to pass a test in three languages , which is quite different . 
  irish schools have higher and ordinary level classes , and you only need to pass an ordinary level class in three languages ( only two of which you are not already fluent in ) to enter university . 
  this is very easy to do without much work or knowledge of the language . 
  i thought it was reacting to the way redditors reacted . 
  you do n't have to show yourself out . 
  i downvoted him anyway , because `` lol look i 'm such a douchebag '' novelty accounts are unfunny and bring down the quality of the subreddit . 
  apart from printing money , i * think * one could create inflation ( or more importantly , create consumer demand ) by doing things like lowering taxes , lowering interest rates , increasing social welfare payments etc etc. 
  basically , give ordinary people more disposable income so that they are more likely to spend it on stuff . 
  were they presented with an alternative of closer integration ? 
  but the free market is only right all of the other times , not this specific time . 
  obviously !, 
   other countries , like neighboring canada for example , have even higher gun-ownership rates , but have extremely low numbers of violent deaths resulting from guns .
