  why do n't they deep dive into the crimes of the empire ? 
  germany does n't need one . 
  everyone knows about the horrors for which germany was responsible in the 21st century , including germans . 
  and germans are n't proud of it . 
  i actually love the uk when sports are involved , they make our failures less glaring by comparison . 
  just to note , criminal and constitutional law are not areas that are harmonised in the eu ; these areas are still governed by national laws and constitutions , which can be quite different . 
  so there is no answer to this question that applies to europe ( or even the eu ) as a whole . 
  oil is a bit of a double-edged sword i think , as it lowers inflation / causes deflation , which in turn stifles demand . 
  so it could be seen as a blessing on the supply side , and a curse on the demand side . 
  that 's my understanding at least . 
  why are some non-location-based subreddits ( like / r/europeanfederalists ) included while others ( like / r/eulaw ) are n't ? 
  ( yes , i am asking because i mod / r/eulaw and want to see it get more attention :p ), 
  well thank god germany only sends guns and bombs to the right people . 
  otherwise there might be a suggestion that its profiting from the arms trade is unethical . 
  phew !, 
  yeah i thought it was very dark compared to the rest of them . 
  juncker is a boss, 
  \\ #europe had over 400 users tonight , the biggest and most active channel on snoonet by a large margin , and a new record for us . 
  users on #europe were invited to vote for their own favourite act through the channel 's resident irc bot . 
  128 votes were cast in total , with bulgaria emerging as the people 's champion . 
  a breakdown of the votes can be found at http://pastebin.com/rgaaxgcq, 
  the central bank is not the government ; most central banks in the western world are independent , meaning they do not set monetary policy based on populist politics . 
  the ecb as magicking up billions at the moment . 
  how 's that working out for greece ? 
  there are limits to what monetary policy can do . 
  it is not there to compensate for politicians ' failure to properly run a country . 
  \\* ahem \\* * avoidance * . 
  hi , thank you for doing this ama . 
  what are the main lessons that we can take from the process of negotiating ceta and apply to future trade deals ? 
  are you concerned that the growing backlash against globalisation will make it more difficult to conclude comprehensive free trade agreements over the next few years , particularly with britain and the us ? 
  who 's encouraging it though ? 
  you would have a point if this was a state-backed initiative , but as far as i am aware , it is just a collection of private citizens voluntarily coming together to express their identification with europe . 
  the cart is very much after the horse ; this kind of movement almost certainly would n't exist were it not for the cooperation and integration that has been fostered by the eu . 
  greetings from sunny ireland !, 
  just letting you know that i 'm downvoting your comment not because i disagree with you but because i 'm tired of people whinging about downvotes . 
  the top comment here criticizes the article ; most of the comments i 've read are critical of the article ; most of the comments that are in negative points are obviously defective in some way other than simply disagreeing with a particular stance , such as hammyman 's `` what a total pile of crap . '', 
  sorry but / r/europe is not a circlejerk , and you are not a victim of suppression . 
  i thought i really fit in here until i read this :(, 
  that 's not what he says at all . 
  he never even says anything about self-governing states ; the article is about identity , not legislative power . 
  even in a federal state , many irish laws would likely be made in ireland , just like texas and new york have their own laws in the us . 
   a single point of contact in each eu country helps you to find information on your rights and on opportunities for handling disputes . 
  follow the links for your country here http://bit.ly/wo9pkr is n't it just saying that you now have greater power to choose because you can actually find out about the alternatives ? 
  you 're not contributing anything to the conversation yourself by spewing absurd generalisations like  every irish protestant just happened to come to the conclusion that they support a british union it 's very relevant that there have been protestant nationalists , all the moreso that some of the most famous have been protestant . 
  because it means that even today , young men in catholic and hardcore nationalist areas in the north remember and glorify the actions of these protestants . 
  ahem https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:protestant_irish_nationalists, 
  he could have gone and googled the names ; i feel the downvotes are not without merit in this case . 
   we 'll at least have something to do while starving and legitimizing our claim that the eu was hijacked into an authoritarian and corporatist 4th reich . 
  this does n't sound very ambitious . 
  you talk about leaving the eu , but you do n't really seem to have any plan or even any hopes for what portugal could do or achieve once it leaves . 
  without access to eu structural funding and free access to eu markets , your already suffering economy would face a much steeper uphill struggle . 
  you sound angry , which is understandable . 
  but it sounds like anger is clouding your judgement here . 
  we 're all in this together , and to deny that would be foolish . 
  i think portugal ( and other countries in similar positions , like ireland ) would be better off working within the structure of the eu to effect reform . 
  it 's a tough road for sure , but i feel that the alternative is pretty much suicide . 
   i recall reading somewhere that close to 20 or 25 % of the eu 's population supports a federal europe . 
  do you know where you read this , or where i might find such a figure ? 
  two points : - a lot of people identify as catholic in the census because they were brought up in a catholic household , are baptised and/or go to mass at christmas and easter , but nevertheless do not follow traditional catholic teachings on many issues like contraception , abortion , homosexuality , extra-marital sex etc. 
  - 16 % of irish people is still a lot , especially when you consider that these people will be highly concentrated in the younger demographics which are the ones who will be doing the reproducing over the next few years . 
  what do you think people here would disagree with ? 
  plenty of people here oppose austerity , in my experience , and there is no end of complaints about the way the financial crisis is being handled . 
  i think it 's a common misconception that pro-euro or pro-eu people think the eurozone is doing fine as it is . 
  i would be considered a `` europhile '' and i think there are serious problems with the way monetary union is currently implemented . 
  but i think the solution lies in further integration rather than writing off the idea of monetary union as forever unworkable . 
  seems every other day the guardian has an article trying to argue that monogamy is dead . 
  interesting article all the same ; however , i think it should be noted that many of the higher figures for infidelity are often based on some very broad definition of infidelity , as including things like flirting with or fantasising about someone . 
  i would be quite surprised if 60 % of men in the us have actually had sex with a woman other than their wife while married . 
   i understand that it 's impossible to make a map/colours that everyone can agree with i think special thanks are due to the members of #europe on snoonet.com for demonstrating this . 
  so the correct line would be `` funciona bien para m\u00ed . '', 
  i hope so , because that 's what i would have said . 
  but the spanish have this tendency to use direct object pronouns fucking everywhere . 
  you do n't have freedom of speech on reddit . 
  it is a privately owned website , and your use of it is a privilege , not a right . 
  racism degrades the quality of the subreddit and drives away users who could potentially submit quality content . 
  it 's completely fair game to ban it to uphold the quality of discussion here imo . 
  the mods ban spam and spammers for much the same reason . 
  if freedom of speech as a moral principle was absolute , that law ( as well as libel laws etc ) would be morally reprehensible . 
  but in my view they are not . 
  well , outside the specific context of this subreddit your views may be quite typical . 
  certainly many of the views expressed in these results are not typical in my country . 
  so americans are more likely to lie about being girls . 
  interesting ... 
  [ ireland beaten by russia on the drinking question . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcms8duwzus ), 
  15:03 < @raerth  lots of stuff going down here 15:03 < @raerth  will get the post out today, 
  i think you 'll find that greece has had its share of international coverage too . 
  and ireland , back in the day . 
  talk about proving the point !, 
  i think the drink question will be a tight race between ireland , poland and czech republic . 
  fucking switzerland . 
  it also seems to lead to economic ruin . 
  have some perspective ; ireland is weathering the crisis much better than , say , greece , or even spain . 
  in any case , i was n't just talking about the last couple of years but rather about our economic and social progress since we joined the eu in 1973 , as that was also mentioned in the article . 
  they should have given it to the eu :p on a serious note , i actually facepalmed when i heard this because the view of many irish people is that kenny has been a fairly meek and inert taoiseach . 
  on the other hand , it 's great to see recognition of ireland 's progress . 
  you call these reforms `` radical '' but all you do is suggest moving the physical locations of the buildings , which will have pretty much no actual impact or effect . 
  frankly i think a lot of the problem is with education . 
  arguably , there * used * to be a lot of legitimate concerns about the legitimacy of the eu democratic process . 
  over time , many of these concerns were addressed , for example by the empowerment of the european parliament the requirement of the council to meet in public , overhaul of qmv etc.
