  any chance of getting one for trams ? 
  why do you say that ? 
  are you referring to the elections ? 
  you really think we were better off economically in 1970 than we are now ? 
  and regarding being excited about the eu , we are more supportive of it than our islander neighbours and the rest of the piigs . 
  but we embraced the euro in part because we felt like a part of europe ... 
  but i think you 're on the right track with the economic reasoning . 
  ireland has benefited massively from eu structural funds and the common market . 
  that undoubtedly contributes to our enthusiasm for the eu . 
  excellent coup by #europe . 
  this puppet government will come in handy . 
  my understanding is that the eu is already considering harsher sanctions against russia . 
  this incident is of course outrageous but remember that the eu leaders did n't immediately have all the facts . 
  for the first while at least , most of the evidence that implicated the pro-russian rebels came from social media and transmissions the authenticity of which was not certain . 
  you might say `` it was always obvious that it was the rebels '' but i think there was enough uncertainty to warrant not doing anything drastic without waiting for more facts . 
  also , i think that in the aftermath of the tragedy , it was more important for national leaders , especially of those countries who were more severely affected , to join with people in mourning and honouring the dead . 
  to be honest , i think it would have been in very poor taste to immediately jump on this tragedy and use it as an opportunity to score political points against russia . 
  as the facts become more established , this tragedy will feed into ongoing discussions amongst eu leaders about the ukrainian crisis . 
  i hope that the eu does respond appropriately , but i am not particularly outraged by the fact that it is taking its time . 
  if this is true , then it is a significant fuck-up on the part of the guardian . 
  although statistically the difference between `` none '' and `` very few '' might not be that important , to say that the survey could not find a * single person * is a very different ( and more sensationalist ) claim . 
   they literally had ` atheist baptisms ' . 
  that actually makes them sound more religious than the other communist states , not less . 
  what 's iceland 's one ? 
  they 're burning the flags because they `` disagree '' with them , but the stuff written on the flags is their own opinion . 
  note the rainbow flag as well . 
  wonderful people altogether . 
  it 's like saying `` europeans go to the polls '' at election time imo , and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  unqualified master race, 
  i prefer glorious federal european superstate ( gfes ), 
  bad example , we are actually all awful with money . 
  in ireland , pubs are n't just for alcoholics . 
  they serve food and soft drinks too , and families often go there during the day and even in the evening . 
  have you travelled * to * latin america though ? 
  americans get dicked over there . 
  i travelled through south america with an american for a while , he had to pay about $ 160 whenever he entered a new country , i paid nothing . 
  we 'll be discussing the results on the official / r/europe irc channel , #europe on irc.snoonet.org ( [ direct link ] ( http://webchat.snoonet.org/europe ) ) . 
  join us !, 
  but vocal . 
  oh so vocal . 
  you might be surprised at how low the threshold for `` overweight '' is . 
  i know a few girls who i would not consider to be in any way overweight but who are classed as such according to their bmi . 
  so i could well believe this statistic , but that does n't mean we will all be walking around wider than we are tall . 
  everyone says this when they do poorly . 
  i understand all of that . 
  the us defaulting would be disastrous for everyone . 
  but so would the us printing money to pay its debt . 
  it would cause hyperinflation which would essentially lead to economic collapse . 
  i mean , think about what you 're saying . 
  if the us could really just print its way out of any debt crisis with no consequences , why would it bother trying to repay its debts ? 
  the us still very much fears the spectre of default and the reason for that is that if the us government became overwhelmend with debt , the consequences ( whether they were default or mass printing of dollars ) would be dire for all of us , * including * the us . 
  that does n't really guarantee the us much safety . 
  if the us got to a stage where it was overwhelmed with national debt , defaulting would probably be less destructive than printing usd to pay it . 
  \\ #europe is currently the fourth largest channel on snoonet . 
  i thought #europe was only for discussing america ? 
  there are only seven higher than you by my count , that 's pretty high up in the complaining stakes . 
  edit : nine , sorry, 
  well when you consider that historically , the penalty for desertion during wartime has been death , blacklisting does n't look that inhumane in the alternative . 
  i still definitely agree that the men who went to fight nazism should have been spared those consequences , though . 
  your response was so vague and empty that it ca n't really be considered an `` answer '' , to be fair . 
  while i agree with what you 're saying , and the eu is certainly nowhere near as integrated as the us , one point i would make in relation to barroso is that this is also due in part to the structure of the eu itself . 
  the eu legislative mechanism heavily emphasises cooperation and collaboration between the institutions ; there are a lot of checks and balances , and arguably the most powerful institution is the parliament . 
  so even if nation states were completely abolished and their sovereignty transferred to the eu , barroso would still probably have less power ( relatively speaking ) than the leaders of member states do today . 
  to be fair , there 's nothing wrong with wanting / r/europe to be a place where europeans can discuss european issues . 
  nothing wrong with people from outside europe bringing a different perspective on things , but when you start to see high ratios of us to european flairs , the subreddit risks losing focus . 
  if you open by comparing a modern-day european democracy to * 1984 * i 'm going to find it very hard to listen to anything else you have to say . 
  and a few months ago there were others who felt that the quality had gone down in the last few months . 
  and the few months before that , and so on . 
  because you love to send them to die for other people 's issues . 
  fair enough . 
  i was just sceptical of the vice caption not specifically mentioning that it was due to recent austerity measures . 
  well what do you mean by southeastern europe ? 
  if you 're talking about the balkans , that 's hardly the same as not being able to place countries like ukraine , which has been all over the news for months , or portugal , which has existed in its current form and location for many many years . 
  regardless , no one is saying that * all * americans are geographically clueless , and it 's not surprising that , if you are an american with a portuguese husband who posts on / r/europe , you tend to hang out with people who have some clue about the world outside the us . 
  but look at the chart posted above and it 's clear that they score worse than average compared to other developed nations . 
   a crucial aspect of contemporary greece has also been the absence of concern for workplace health and safety rules . 
  employers , especially in manufacturing , refuse to take safety measures . 
  they see it as a means of reducing production costs . 
  is this really a consequence of austerity though ? 
  were employers really golden in their adherence to health and safety regulations before the crisis hit ? 
  it 's a lot easier to simply place a country on a map though . 
  personally i would n't expect americans or canadians to know the capitals of that many european countries but i think expecting them to be able to place the more important ones on a map is pretty reasonable . 
  omg you showed a poor person why are you trying to slander glorious sweden ?? 
  most of the pictures paint a normal or even positive picture of romanian life . 
  it is not at all unreasonable to have 1/15th of the images depict the poorer side of society ; anything less is blatant denial , really . 
  `` i am moving because americans are stupid '' `` where will let me keep my precious guns '', 
  for anyone interested , here is a similar flashmob staged by banco sabadell in the spanish city of sabadell a couple of years ago . 
  also , would people really know it as the european anthem in the first place ? 
  i mean , the work is pretty well known and loved outside that capacity , i imagine many passers-by would just know it as a popular beethoven piece and so even in strongly pro-russia areas it would n't necessarily be seen as a political move . 
  capitalising on a suicide epidemic in order to further a eurosceptic agenda is a new low , well done . 
   portugal , also a catholic country , suffers from this as well . 
  what 's worse is that families do n't allow the deaths be written by the coroners or police as suicides . 
  out of shame or denial , obviously . 
  the statistic is likely much higher than what it is . 
  suicides are often reported as accidents or open verdicts simply because they can be difficult to prove , for example when someone drowns and they are known to have been depressed , it can be difficult to tell whether it was accidental . 
  historically coroners here have been highly reluctant to make a finding of suicide because it used to be a crime , and a coroner 's job is not to make a finding of criminal liability . 
  although suicide is no longer a crime , i think the rule of law requiring a higher standard of proof to be met before a finding of suicide can be made still remains . 
  even in the most devoutly catholic parts of society i doubt a burial would be refused in this day and age . 
  and many of these suicides happen in parts where people are not nearly so devout . 
  there is a stigma attaching to mental health issues which is not solely motivated by religion .
