  i presume and hope people are upvoting this as a joke and not because they actually think russia is about to engage in a conquest of all of eastern europe ? 
  russia [ already has territory that is not adjacent to its mainland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaliningrad_oblast ) , and [ already plans to build a bridge between russia and crimea ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/03/03/uk-ukraine-crisis-crimea-bridge-idukbrea221em20140303 ) , so the arguments put forward in this article do n't really hold up . 
  euers are more averse to war than americans , and believe that putin is more averse to war than americans believe he is . 
  americans think putin will just roll his tanks anywhere he pleases and take whatever he wants . 
  even the takeover of crimea demonstrates that . 
  it has been done in such a way as to avoid direct military conflict . 
  putin has the military capability to roll russian tanks into simferopol , raise the russian flag and shoot anyone who gets in the way . 
  he could probably do the same to kiev , though that would be a more protracted and costly process . 
  the fact that he has n't done either of these things shows that , contrary to the views of a lot of american commentators , putin wants to avoid war if he can . 
  same reason i have to shave and wear a suit . 
  some workplaces require people to look presentable and professional . 
  but i think german leaders are a bit too level-headed to damage their own economy in the name of `` revenge '' . 
  if germany wants to exercise its economic leverage over russia , the time to do that is now , in order to extract russian concessions on ukraine and possibly other issues . 
  interesting that the epp is so under-represented . 
  my advice would be to vote for the candidates who belong to your preferred ep group . 
  it is through those groups , not national political parties , that politics is done in the european parliament . 
  if what you 're saying is that you prefer radikale venstre when it comes to national politics , then voting for a different candidate also has the advantage that it leaves more radikale venstre politicians left in denmark to contest elections and represent their party nationally . 
  lol if you think `` eussr '' is a fitting name for a serious eurosceptic subreddit . 
  as a `` europhile '' i agree that this is something that should be changed . 
  it is kind of a compromise between the supranationalists who favour population-based allocation and inter-governmentalists who are concerned that the voices of small nations will be drowned out . 
  afaik it used to be even less proportional but the lisbon treaty improved things somewhat . 
  so these violent reactions to the group , are they just a result of the group siding with the eu / us , or are they a direct result of the group 's perceived association with neo-nazis ? 
  i mean , obviously the people there dislike the us and the west , but if the neo-nazi association was n't there , would we still see rocks being thrown and people getting beaten up ? 
   you basically try to raise the minimum wage/extend the social net so your products get more expensive -  theoretically less exports . 
  and , theoretically , more imports , as putting more money in the economy will encourage consumption and spending . 
  increasing imports is another way to reduce the trade surplus , and arguably it 's the better way . 
  making your products too expensive for poorer nations to afford is n't necessarily going to help those nations , but buying their stuff will . 
   a referendum is a much more direct expression of the wishes of a people than a decision made by representatives . 
  that 's why referendums should be taken very seriously . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious from this move that the eu is taking the swiss referendum seriously . 
  taking the referendum seriously does n't mean giving switzerland a free pass . 
  there is a difference between between being allowed to determine your own course , and being allowed to do so * without facing any consequences * . 
  no one has the right to escape the consequences of their own actions , positive or negative . 
  dress it up whatever way you like , but the swiss people have voted to violate the principle of free movement which underpins switzerland 's relationship with the eu . 
  again , they are entitled to choose that course of action ( and the eu has explicitly recognised that ) but they are not entitled to escape any negative consequences that flow from it . 
  because an equilibrium is struck between quality / reputation and price . 
  if siemens is still in business despite there being cheaper alternatives out there , then by your reasoning they should be able to jack up their price and increase profit margins without hurting sales . 
  but if that is the case , why do n't they do it ? 
  nope . 
  i bought a victorinox knife when i went travelling , because it was a name i could trust * and it was affordable * . 
  but i am not wealthy and i was not buying it just for the status . 
  if it had been more expensive i would have looked elsewhere . 
  i am not the only one in that situation . 
  hundreds of thousands of travellers , scouts etc , come from middle class backgrounds and buy these knives because they are reputable while still being affordable . 
  they would be deterred from buying if the price increased . 
  and then what about nestl\u00e9 etc ? 
  they can not be considered luxury goods by any stretch . 
  you 're ignoring the basic law of supply and demand which states that raising the price lowers the demand . 
  your anecdotal evidence does not refute basic economic theory . 
  to suggest that import / export restrictions would have no negative effect on the swiss economy is absurd . 
  do you think it is the eu 's right to respond by applying diplomatic and economic pressure on switzerland ? 
  democracy does not mean always doing what you want without ever facing consequences . 
  switzerland benefits immensely from its relationship with the eu ; a relationship it has now spat upon . 
  i hope the guillotine clause is invoked and the swiss realise that they do not live in a fantasy world where cause is divorced from efect ; their actions have consequences . 
  ireland remained neutral in wwii , much to the annoyance of winston churchill . 
  after the war was over , a spat developed between churchill and irish leader eamon de valera , with churchill strongly condemning ireland for its policy of neutrality and de valera responding to defend ireland and criticize churchill 's condemnation . 
  a key extract from churchill 's speech :  however , with a restraint and poise to which , i say , history will find few parallels , we never laid a violent hand upon them , which at times would have been quite easy and quite natural , and left the de valera government to frolic with the german and later with the japanese representatives to their heart 's content ... and extracts from de valera 's response :  i know the reply i would have given a quarter of a century ago . 
  but i have deliberately decided that that is not the reply i shall make tonight . 
  i shall strive not to be guilty of adding any fuel to the flames of hatred and passion which , if continued to be fed , promise to burn up whatever is left by the war of decent human feeling in europe . 
   ...  mr. churchill makes it clear that , in certain circumstances , he would have violated our neutrality and that he would justify his action by britain 's necessity . 
  it seems strange to me that mr. churchill does not see that this , if accepted , would mean britain 's necessity would become a moral code and that when this necessity became sufficiently great , other people 's rights were not to count . 
   ...  surely mr. churchill must see that if his contention be admitted in our regard , a like justification can be framed for similar acts of aggression elsewhere and no small nation adjoining a great power could ever hope to be permitted to go its own way in peace ... de valera 's full speech can be heard [ here ] ( http://www.rte.ie/archives/exhibitions/681-history-of-rte/684-rte-1940s/289798-eamon-de-valeras-response-to-winston-churchill/ ) . 
  wow , / r/europe must be one of the most male-heavy subs on reddit . 
  and that 's saying something . 
  from ireland , here are a few of my favourites . 
  there are many more obviously and others will have different preferences . 
  i 'm also taking a fairly liberal interpretation of `` traditional/folk music '' . 
  [ the foggy dew ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b605qq7xbzm ) [ the auld triangle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yje5mhhp_fm ) [ on raglan road ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj9a8oz22mq ) [ the black velvet band ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er-b-stfdqk ) [ the fields of athenry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlzrwndgcuc ) [ the parting glass ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5jv13oakde ) [ dirty old town ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf9dhxbda5w ) [ ride on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wnevoyuku4 ) [ the cruel sister ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypbci7ey5tm ) ( actually a scottish / english song ), 
  this article has n't damaged my opinion of scandinavians nearly as much as their collective reaction to it . 
  the european parliament has credibility because it is directly democratically elected by the people of europe . 
  the parliament has discussions all the time , the fact that they can not be easily condensed into sensationalist soundbites does n't detract from their legitimacy . 
  if anything , this kind of schoolboy nonsense * damages * the credibility of the parliament . 
  i would certainly hope that the people i elect to discuss and ultimately enact eu legislation are capable of discussion more mature and intelligent than `` moar liek no democracy amirite gaiz ?!?! '', 
  i 'm so surprised that he said this . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with you , i was just clarifying guyzard 's point . 
  none of these are proposals . 
  i think the point being made is that the * proposals * are self-centred . 
  it 's very easy to say nice things about europe , particularly if you 're trying to butter europeans up in order ro push through a number of self-serving reforms . 
  empathy is a two-way street . 
  i have empathy for those eastern europeans who grew up in a poverty worse than anything we have in the uk and ireland , and for whom the only realistic way to get out of that trap is to leave their families and friends behind to come and work here . 
  people who try to play the empathy card when arguing against immigration always ignore that immigrants are human beings , too . 
   but an irishman would likely dispute this can i just mention -- because irish redditors seem to paint an inaccurate and unfair picture of us -- that 99 % of irishmen have far better things to do than dispute this . 
  once you get into more modern `` heroes '' it gets very difficult to give one that everyone will agree on because , for example , some might say dev , some might say collins and some might say connolly , but supporters of each would disagree vehemently with supporters of the others . 
  many of the men who fought together in 1916 would have been polar opposites to one another outside of that conflict . 
  or [ this ] ( http://www.emeraldtiger.com/general/images/5punt2.jpg ) ? 
  we have the same problem in ireland , presumably because we are also an english-speaking country . 
  few if any students are even near fluent in french or german after five years of regular learning . 
  the euro benefits eurozone countries that trade heavily with other eurozone countries , because it eliminates the risk that profits will be reduced by exchange rate fluctuations . 
  as far as i know , germany is the biggest trader in the eurozone . 
  as for hindering other nations , the eurozone has removed small nations ' ability to devalue their own currencies , which is something small economically troubled nations occasionally do in order to boost exports . 
  i like his stance but i hope he shows as much backbone against merkel , who has increasingly been looking to cash in on skepticism of european integration . 
  thank you so much . 
  i have no idea why people submit google translations , they are unintelligible . 
  well , it would be harmful to ireland 's interests as well as the interests of other eu nations ( their citizens who reside here would be at risk in the even of an attack , and free movement of goods / services / workers would be damaged ) . 
  if a change of stance happened with little or no warning , it would also constitute a renegement of an agreement they made in the past . 
  so clearly i 'd rather it did n't happen . 
  but it would be possible , and moreover it would not be the end of the world . 
  ireland would have to respond by increasing its military spend ( probably not by much , however , given the low possibility of an attack on ireland ) . 
  i think you missed my main point though , which is that `` leech '' is an inaccurate term to describe ireland . 
  a leech takes something away from its host .
