  wealth transfers from rich to poor regions combined with increased pooling of sovereignty sounds like a pretty solid path to federalism to me . 
   the eu is far too inward looking and worrying over idiotic things such as cap which should be left to nation states . 
  where we could benefit from a federal government e.g. 
  defence it whimps out to keep the pacafist/neutral countries happy . 
  this kind of begs the question . 
  why is cap something that would be better left to nation states ? 
  it seems to me that if you have a common market , and you want to have any sort of agricultural policy at all , it is necessary to have a common agricultural policy . 
   the ez crisis highlights just how immature the processes and functions of the eu are and how much still goes on behind closed doors . 
  if it wants to be a government it needs to stop behaving like a spoilt child ( e.g. 
  the 6 monthly migration ) what the ez crisis highlights is the danger of doing integration half-assedly . 
  if you want a common currency you need common rules which affect that currency . 
  i also do n't see how a 6 month rotating presidency equates to acting like a `` spoilt child '' , nor how it significantly impedes the running of the eu ( not that i particularly support the six month rotation , either ) . 
  i admit i have n't read many irish authors , but joyce 's * dubliners * is great . 
  it 's a collection of short stories . 
  * the dead * is widely considered to be the best , i think ( and i agree ) . 
  come to dublin . 
  i think irish people are closer to americans in their attitude towards visitors . 
  dublin is also a nice size , it 's not a massive sprawling metropolis like paris . 
  and there will be no language barrier , which as others have pointed out can prevent you really appreciating a city . 
  i see several commenters point out that this article has been downvoted by some sort of europhile militia . 
  this does n't make sense ; the article itself is arguably `` europhilic '' , calling as it does for increased integration and the erosion of national identity . 
  as a `` europhile '' , i completely agree with this article and it seems to me that if it 's being downvoted , logically it is probably the euroskeptics here doing the downvoting . 
  yesterday the sun was somehow beaming while it was still snowing . 
  i wonder will anything cool be happening in croatia for this . 
  i 've been meaning to visit croatia for ages , this might be the ideal time . 
  i hate these bullshit articles . 
  given that this will * not * be legislation but rather a non-binding report , it is certainly not the case that the ep will be voting to ban all our porn on tuesday . 
  furthermore , the relevant part of this report merely calls on the eu to honour a promise it made in an earlier resolution , which can be found [ here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:c:1997:304:0020:0071:en:pdf ) . 
  that resolution ( which is also non-binding ) is called `` resolution on discrimination against women in advertising '' . 
  it is therefore quite clear that the intention of the parliament in calling for legislation is to target specifically the use of pornography in advertising in the commercial sphere . 
  private transmissions between individuals are certainly * not * the intended target , nor arguably is commercial pornography as a product . 
  and it 's no good to say `` but technically , the restriction could be extended beyond the commercial advertising sphere '' . 
  technically , there * is no restriction * to speak of , and there probably wo n't be for years if ever . 
  if and when legislation is drafted on the topic , you can expect the drafters to have regard to the purpose and scheme of the original resolution . 
   so yes , the european parliament is really voting to ban any kind of sexual communication between consenting adults over the internet , and using unaccountable internet service providers to do their policing for them . 
  come on . 
  seriously ? 
  it 's the first hit when you google `` european union statistics '' . 
  we all know the eu could communicate better with its citizens , but seriously , you have to be able to take * some * initiative . 
  in the thread that telnet_reddit_80 linked to , everyone is shocked that there are people out there who do n't know about this . 
  i have always been very fond of [ mozart 's * requiem * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=splhkp0nzii ) myself . 
  do n't all countries think they work hard ? 
  turkish coffee is delicious . 
  turns out you can eat blue cheese if you 're lactose intolerant , so you do n't have to miss out on the best cheese has to offer . 
  yeah i figured the list system had something to do with it . 
  but ed ___ said `` pr especially closed list pr '' , seems to imply that the proportionality itself makes the election less about personality , which is not my experience . 
  your post seems to bear no relation to mine . 
  i was n't saying farage is unpopular , i was saying he 's a hypocrite , and the fact that his hypocrisy is endorsed by his constituents does n't change that . 
  if your son has polish nationality , how does this have anything to do with changes to funding for non-eu students ? 
  it 's hypocritical , if nothing else . 
  they complain about how the eu is a gravy train where politicians get wads of cash for doing very little , and then happily take wads of cash for doing absolutely nothing . 
  or , her constituents voted for he because she is a woman of principle and she has merely stood by those principles by defecting from ukip . 
  what do you mean ? 
  in ireland we have pr and by-elections are fairly common . 
  also i 'm not sure why you think you vote for a person in a pr system any less than in a fptp system . 
  again , in ireland where we have pr , one of people 's biggest complaints with politics is how personality-based it is . 
  yeah laser is fairly useless . 
  most laser cards now would at least be maestro and cirrus though , which makes them a bit more useful . 
  what about maestro/cirrus/visa debit ? 
  visa debit is becoming the standard debit card amongst irish banks now , and it 's ( dangerously ) easy to buy stuff from pretty much any website . 
  ireland also maintained neutrality , but was n't significant enough to get its own chick . 
  also , we were neutral-but-kinda-really-allied , not neutral-but-kinda-really-nazis . 
  frankly i do n't really see why neutrality in wwii is something to high five about . 
  i can see why for some countries it may have been necessary , but i disagree that it grants any moral high ground . 
  here are a few : http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm http://derekdeedman.mycouncillor.org.uk/euromyths-a-response/ http://blogs.ec.europa.eu/ecintheuk/holiday-season-bumper-euromyths-special/, 
  that may have been why it was founded and why it became popular but i do n't really think it 's why it remains popular today . 
  to many people it 's just another sport , kids might choose it over soccer because their dads played it or simply because they find it more interesting . 
  sure you have the whole county pride thing linked in with it , but that 's no different to the pride soccer fans feel in their teams imo . 
  i have no interest in the gaa by the way , but i know a few lads who do play the sport and it has nothing to do with nationalism or insulation from the international community for them . 
  the gaa is probably one of the biggest factors slowing the spread of childhood obesity in this country so i think there 's some value in it . 
  as long as it 's based on fact and not speculation or vaguely worded opinions i have no problem with it . 
  neither you nor i can say with any degree of certainty that there would never have been another war in europe in the absence of economic and political integration , and that is exactly what any international relations professor worth his spit would tell you . 
  the cold war would eventually end either way , so that deterrent to war would eventually be lifted , and it makes sense that integrating the economies of several different countries would make it less likely for them to go to war . 
   you do n't articulate the principle upon which it is acceptable though . 
  the principle that democracy works best when the population is well-informed . 
  coming from ireland , i have experienced several eu treaty referendums and i have seen first hand the utter bullshit people will spew to convince people to vote against the eu ; the lisbon treaty campaign , for example , was dominated by ridiculous scare stories about conscription , abortion , $ 1.84 minimum wage and brussels setting our corporation tax directly . 
  every time someone voted on the basis of these scare stories was a slap in the face of democracy imo . 
  i would have welcomed a concerted effort to correct many of these myths . 
  yes , it is acceptable for the eu to run information campaigns with the aim of dispelling some of the more common myths about the eu , and yes , that is why i chose to bring attention to the telegraph 's low quality reporting and obvious anti-eu bias . 
   for example , by providing facts and figures to deconstructing myths . 
  i can see why the telegraph would find this idea terrifying . 
  i do n't quite understand this one , are there a lot of wealthy romanians in denmark or something ? 
  you may have a point that `` europhile '' is now commonly seen as the counterpart to `` euroskeptic '' , but if you are correct in that then it only demonstrates that the euroskeptics are guilty of what you just accused europolitics of doing . 
  `` europhile '' is , to my mind , a negative term , whether you look at it from the perspective of etymology , analogy or common usage . 
  i certainly doubt it was the pro-eu crowd who introduced the term into the debate , even if they may now use it to describe themselves occasionally . 
  anyway , i maintain that there 's nothing particularly wrong with using the term `` europhobe '' to describe , if not all euroskeptics , then a more extreme , less rational subset of them . 
  seems like you 've already turned this into the whole abortion debate bullshit . 
  - philia as a suffix carries negative connotations ; according to wiktionary , for example , it suggests abnormality and its antonym is - phobia . 
  i 'm pretty sure no one agreed on the use of the term europhile for people who support the eu , and i have rarely heard the term used outside the euroskeptic gutter press in the uk . 
  you do n't get to dictate what words people can and ca n't use . 
  and certainly many of the `` euroskeptics '' i have met seem to be possessed more by an irrational fear than a healthy skepticism . 
  exactly , here in ireland all our low-end jobs are populated by eastern europeans and no one has a problem with it . 
  i think a lot of irish people think they are too good for those kinds of jobs . 
  they occupy each extreme . 
  that ye 're all pricks . 
  ah no , mainly just that it 's very sad that families get divided like that etc. 
  - the weather - local councillors in one of the more backwards parts of the country supporting allowing people to drink-drive - unemployment - abortion - national debt/eu/imf - soft sentencing for rapists, 
  at least you have german and english . 
  i made the same stupid decision , and now at 22 i only have one language . 
  i am trying to remedy it though .
