  i also disagree that all of my actions must ultimately be referred to the most holy trinity . 
  yes . 
  why is the genetive being used here ? 
  i think the irish one should be spelled `` nollaig '' , since you 're referring to christmas itself and not something like `` christmas lights '' ? 
  i 'm not sure though , perhaps someone else could correct me . 
  the vast majority of irish people say `` christmas '' in every day use and not `` nollag '' . 
  also , english is also our official language . 
  edit : perhaps the downvoters could explain which of the above statements they think is incorrect . 
  keeping in mind that english * is * an official language of ireland , as per art 8.2 of bunreacht . 
  it certainly would n't stamp out gun crime altogether , but to say it would n't reduce the chances ? 
  that is completely out of touch with reality . 
  prohibition makes it much harder to get your hands on a gun ; it drives up the price and creates the risk of being caught and prosecuted . 
  hardened criminals might always find a way to get guns , but there is definitely a class of person out there who is willing to commit crimes , but not motivated enough ( or perhaps too poor ) to secure a firearm at any cost . 
  they will just use less lethal weapons instead , which is still bad of course , but not * as * bad . 
  the funny thing about criminals is that they were * all * , at one point , honest people . 
  at some point , they made the decision to cross that line into criminality . 
  the difference is that in a jurisdiction with proper gun control , people decide to cross that line , and then face the further obstacle of securing a restricted firearm , or else must commit their crimes with a less dangerous weapon . 
  in a jurisdiction without gun control , the person likely already has a firearm in their possession when they cross the line , or else can secure one very easily . 
  in a society with sensible gun control laws , you would n't * have * to bring a zapper to a gunfight . 
  there would be no gunfight . 
  he is not making valid points . 
  his points have been successfully countered and he is avoiding discussing the issue , instead accusing other people of being biased . 
  he has been presented with facts and figures , which he disputes ; but instead of presenting his own facts and figures to prove his point , he focusses on attacking his opponents . 
  you should n't downvote someone just because you disagree with them , but at the same time , if someone is making low quality posts , you should n't be afraid to downvote them just because you disagree with them . 
  why ca n't it be both ? 
  it 's ridiculous to suggest that america 's problem with gun crime is caused by one predominant factor . 
  there are many forces at play . 
  culture is one . 
  widespread availability of guns , in my opinion , is another . 
  very hard to watch . 
  it 's well known that widespread emigration is damaging to a society but to see up close the devastation it can cause is eye-opening . 
  i wonder does intra-eu migration have the same damaging effect ? 
  i would guess not since it would be easier for the migrant to visit home , or for the family left behind to visit the migrant . 
  a lot of polish workers here are returning home to see their families this christmas , and occasionally pop home for a few days just to catch up . 
  i bet these small reunions would have meant the world to the family in the video . 
  there 's a risk that spain could veto it to prevent its own separatist movements from following in scotland 's footsteps . 
  just look at the preceding centuries in european history . 
  how on earth did the revolutionaries i listed `` turn from democracy '' ? 
  do you really think a majority of irish people did n't want freedom from british rule at the time ? 
  we had fought long and hard through the democratic process and it had given us nothing . 
  not even home rule . 
  as i said before , i can understand reservations about dev but the rest of them made undeniable contributions to irish society . 
  in addition to independence , the efforts of markievicz , connolly and lemass gave us universal suffrage , a labour movement and an industrial economy . 
  the problem is n't that there are n't seven great europeans , the problem is that there are many more . 
  well de valera might be problematic but in general i think my suggestions were pretty inoffensive . 
  they were n't nationalists in the sense that hitler or even churchill were nationalists ; they did n't believe in irish superiority or want to create or maintain an irish empire . 
  a lot of irish nationalism was about liberty , equality and self-determination . 
  for ireland , i have n't really thought of one for each note ( or who should go on what note ) but a few suggestions : - se\u00e1n lemass : he was instrumental in our joining of the eec and is widely regarded as our best taoiseach and the `` architect of modern ireland '' . 
  - tk whitaker : an economist who worked closely with lemass in setting out the groundwork for our political and economic development . 
  - ~ ~ eamon de valera : a main player in the irish war of independence and later taoiseach and president . 
  personally i think dev 's influence on irish society in the latter stages of his political career was largely negative , but the role he played in achieving irish independence is undeniable . ~ ~ - ~ ~ michael collins : another guy who fought for irish independence from britain . ~ ~ - james connolly : yet another freedom fighter , but also a staunch socialist and one of the founders of the labour movement in ireland . 
  - constance markievicz : another revolutionary and socialist , but also a suffragette , and a good representative i think of the role women have played in irish history . 
  - wb yeats/james joyce/samuel beckett : to represent the irish literary tradition . 
  there are plenty more names that could be used to represent this tradition but i think these are the most famous . 
  edit : in light of people 's responses , maybe it would be best to remove dev and collins and in their place add : - charles stewart parnell : fought through the democratic system for home rule for the irish . 
  - earnest walton : irish phycisist and nobel laureate , to represent the sciences . 
   the largest immigrant group in london is the irish . 
  stage 1 is complete . 
  it 's not really historical , but i think in recent years a good relationship has been formed between the irish and the polish . 
  a massive amount of them came over here to work after poland joined the eu , while our economy was still going strong . 
  they integrated pretty well ; they did the low-end jobs many irish people did n't want to do , and did them well . 
  they have a reputation here for being friendly and hard-working . 
  they 're pretty heavy drinkers too , which i think definitely helped strengthen the fraternal bonds . 
  and then recently a lot of irish fans went over to poland for euro 2012 . 
  most of the stories we heard were from the irish media so it 's quite possible it 's just bullshit , but we all heard that the irish were very well received there and got on great with the natives . 
  dunno if polish people on here will agree . 
  i guess you 'd only really feel it if you or someone you know had been to ireland , as there presumably has n't been any influx of irish people into poland on a similar scale . 
  also one of the most obese populations in europe . 
  and disappointing results for alcohol consumption . 
  shane ross will say whatever it takes to get noticed . 
  in the last few years he has become well known in ireland for being so critical of the banks but back during the boom he regularly praised and defended some of the men and institutions that contributed to our current mess . 
  that 's not to say he 's all bad , he has done a lot of good as a senator imo but he has a tendency to sensationalise things . 
  i would like to see the commission run campaigns like this today . 
  but i bet you 'd take not getting shot at in england over not getting shot at in albania . 
  well it 's gone pretty swimmingly for us for the most part , so i 'm not sure what we should have known ? 
  a debtor can not write off debt - a write off is the reduction in value of an asset , and debt to the debtor is not an asset , it 's a liability . 
  you ca n't write off your liabilities - would n't that be wonderful . 
  it is for creditors to write off debt , since they are the ones to whom it is due . 
  no one wrote off argentina 's debt . 
  argentina did n't write it off , they simply failed to pay it . 
  failing to honour an obligation does n't relieve you of the obligation to pay it . 
  the creditors did n't write it off , either . 
  if greece defaults on its debt , it will still have the debt , and what 's more the debt will still gather interest . 
  and while you might think the debt is as good as gone because greece will just not pay it , no country can survive for long without recourse to the international debt markets so eventually greece will find itself in exactly the same situation as argentina . 
  nobody likes a narcissist !, 
  why , is the greek crisis due to a bug in a computer program ? 
   the biggest tool they have is simply not to lend in future which is an incredibly powerful tool . 
   all the talk about `` they 'll lose everyone 's trust etc '' . 
  money will be put where there are assets and more money to be made . 
  that 's very simplistic . 
  investors do n't want assets , they want returns . 
  if your debtor refuses to pay when things go belly up then your returns are in danger . 
  not to mention that i have not seen any credible plan to restore greece 's economy , and i can only imagine that any credible plan would involve the help of outside investors . 
  well if you 'd read the rest of my post of any other post criticising him you 'd see that 's not the case . 
  but i suppose it 's easier to downvote . 
  the difference was that everyone knows what honza was talking about . 
  you are being ridiculous , it 's not like everyone is jumping down dclauzel 's throat for making a mistake , broken english is spoken in this sub all the time and no one cares . 
  the issue is that the `` mistake '' * broke the readability of the thread title * . 
  i do n't think it 's petty to want the title of the * only thread on a very important and serious topic * to actually make sense to 90 % of the readers of the sub . 
  what circumstances ?
