  wanting better quality politicians ? 
  calling for economic or institutional reforms ? 
  the way i see it is that i can disagree with the current leadership of the eu without condemning the existence of the eu , in much the same way that i can disagree with the current leadership of ireland without being an anarchist ( or loyalist , or whatever ) . 
  saying `` we can and should make this institution better '' is not naive or unrealistic ; on the other hand , saying `` this institution has made mistakes , we should dismantle it '' is absurd and wasteful . 
   plus the inevitable donwvotes that you get for not attending the european circlejerk . 
  every eurosceptic seems to say this all the time , and yet whenever i see it said it 's in a comment with positive points ( like yours , which is currently at +42 ) . 
  is it just like a rule that eurosceptics have to complain about this even when it 's patently not the case ? 
  do you realise that this only adds to the perception of eurosceptics as being delusional ? 
   because reddit is a leftoid shithole and we all know how much leftoids love dictatorships . 
  honestly can you not see how this would be downvoted for reasons other than pro-eu bias ? 
   within reason it makes sense to go for the lowest offer . 
  but really big projects need to be checked thoroughly enough to ensure it 's realistic . 
  that does n't happen enough it seems . 
  that is a problem with the implementation , which is handled by the member state , and not with the rule , which is handled by the eu . 
  but nazi !, 
  ** ireland ** main thing was that we had two referendums , one on abolishing our senate and the other on setting up a court of appeal on a constitutional basis . 
  the government wanted us to abolish the senate , arguing that it was costly , undemocratic and ineffective . 
  however , the anti-abolition side argued that the senate should be reformed to be more democratic and have more power , and warned against concentrating power in the lower house of parliament . 
  polls generally predicted that the country would vote to abolish it , but in a surprise result the referendum actually failed and the senate is retained . 
  the government also wanted to establish a general court of appeal on a constitutional basis , the main advantage being that it would ease the caseload of the supreme court and reduce the amount of time it takes to have appeals heard . 
  there was less opposition to this referendum , and it passed by almost a 2-to-1 majority . 
  turn out was quite low , at just under 40 % . 
  ha , just said this same thing on the irc channel . 
  i ca n't believe other people are shocked by these images . 
  in ireland , i believe the most popular beer here is actually heineken , and in general macrobrew lagers like budwesier , miller etc do very well . 
  guinness is up there in popularity though and is certainly the most popular irish-brewed beer here . 
  as for my favourite , that 's a hard one to call because we have a small but rapidly increasing selection of microbrews to choose from and my favourite tends to change from time to time . 
  we make some seriously good stouts / porters ; guinness foreign extra , 8 degrees ' knockmealdown porter and o'hara 's leann foll\u00e1in are all great beers . 
  even if it is , i 'm sure wikipedia is still up . 
  pretty embarrassing . 
  the airshow in general was pretty cool though . 
  if he also shares in his post that he lives in europe then there will generally be no problem i think . 
  otherwise , it 's unreasonable for readers to go through everyone 's post history to vet them for their european credentials . 
  if you have a non-european flair but you live in europe , you should * make that clear * when posting in an askeurope-type thread . 
  do n't be so sensitive , it 's not that people insist that you must be born in europe in order to have knowledge of european society . 
  it 's that people presume that you do n't even live here because the only information you share is that you 're american , and nothing else . 
  shut . 
  look at the post now . 
  it has 42 points , making it one of the highest voted comments in the thread . 
  i 'm so sick of people complaining about comments being `` downvoted into oblivion '' which , by the time i see them , have double - or triple-digit scores . 
  even worse is when these temporary negative scores are used to justify ridiculous broad-brush statements about large subreddits like / r/europe . 
  so say , for example , 70 % of people living in catalonia support independence , and it is granted . 
  30 % of people who now live in catalonia who would rather live in spain . 
  does the territorial integrity of catalonia trump their right to self-determination , or would that also be oppressive ? 
  do we start carving up catalonia based on who wants to live where ? 
  do we do it by town , by road , by house ? 
  o'sullivan and daly are most certainly not ira supporters , that 's for sure . 
  i do n't think there has ever been a suggestion before today that they were . 
  o'cuiv i do n't know much about but fianna f\u00e1il are not exactly known for being historical friends of the ira . 
  martin ferris is the only one i would struggle to defend against allegations of connections with the man being charged . 
  why do we have so many series all of a sudden ? 
  i 'm not sure how cnn 's `` ireport '' section works but it 's very obvious that this is not a cnn report ( it even says `` not vetted for cnn '' on the side ) and has very little merit as a news report or a source of information . 
  for a claim like that i would want to see much stronger evidence than this . 
  especially if the claim is that it is a widespread practice , as opposed to one or two people doing it . 
  boq has told you that germany would get a vote . 
  here in ireland , we would definitely get a vote . 
  the eu does n't decide which countries hold national votes over changes to the eu structure ; that is determined by your national constitutional structure . 
  if you would n't get a vote , then you need to look at your own broken democracy . 
  fuck , avocado and cheese sounds good right now, 
  but some loans are better than others . 
  if the best interest rate you can get on the bond markets is 9 % and someone offers you a loan for 5 % , that offer is massively beneficial to you . 
  if profiting from the interest rate was genuinely germany 's main intention in offering the loan , it could instead have simply spent the same amount of money on greek government bonds which offered higher yields . 
  put another way , if you take into account the opportunity cost of not spending the loan money on bonds , germany did n't really profit by its decision to offer the loan at all . 
  i counted 4 of the 25 top posts that involved comparison with america ( and two of them were n't really comparisons as such ; more like european versions of american concepts ) . 
  not exactly `` almost all '' . 
  the extent to which / r/europe is a circlejerk is always massively exaggerated imo . 
  but surely tolerance and egalitarianism is a strong part of that culture ? 
  funnily enough , people say the same about europe and use it as a reason why a united states of europe could never work . 
  giving one figure for the us is rather inappropriate since views differ so much from state to state . 
  so you have very liberal states but they are lumped in with very conservative states which brings down the average acceptance rate . 
  what i find most interesting about this is that whisky is the eu 's fastest growing export , and that the eu buys way more from developing countries than the other main trading countries . 
  really more appropriate to pm , or at least point out that the subreddit is only relevant because of the person 's username , and not to the topic at hand . 
  i really like this image , and i do n't understand why people only ever refer to * 1984 * when talking about a society 's descent into totalitarianism . 
  i guess it 's because * 1984 * puts pretty much all the blame on the state , whereas in * brave new world * the problem persists within the individual , so you can guess which theory individuals will prefer . 
  - 50 % higher does * not * mean twice as high . 
  - you 've just stated that the average wage is about 14 % higher in norway than in sweden ( 100 nok vs 87.66 nok ) . 
  so the question is , are prices on average more or less than 14 % higher in norway than in sweden ? 
  if there was more coverage of it , the exact same people would complain about brussels politicians `` shoving it down their throats '' . 
  if prosek is something everyone makes in their house , i do n't really see how this trademark ruling will destroy the drink . 
  people can still make and consume it , and they can even still * call * it prosek in their day to day life , they just would n't be able to sell it under that name . 
  also , this is n't something that is unique to the eu by the way , most developed countries have trademark protection regimes . 
  / u/guiscard pointed out that a similar thing happened in the us in relation to italy 's gallo nero . 
  actually , unlike in the us , the word `` organic '' is pretty clearly defined in eu law and generally focuses on principles such as sustainable farming practices and humane treatment of animals . 
  the eu 's reaction to gm was a bit of a clusterfuck but i would like to think that lessons have been learned from that process , and in any case it seems to me that the concerns surrounding these chemicals are better founded than many of the concerns that have been raised in respect of gm crops . 
  i read an interesting article once that suggested that many of our religion-related words are taken from latin because of the influence of the catholic church , whereas many words relating to fishing and the sea are taken from norse due to the influence of vikings on our coastal towns . 
  well that was two minutes of my life i want back . 
  `` hey guys the eurozone crisis is still happening and sometimes different people believe different things and this unprecedented global financial crisis is n't completely black and white , eu sucks amirite ? '', 
   at present the democratic deficit in europe is massive . 
  if we 're going to integrate further then we need to see how this is going to be resolved . 
  i doubt we will agree on just how serious a problem the democratic deficit is , i bet you think it 's much larger than i do , but i agree that there are ways in which the eu could be made more democratic and i support that process . 
  i do n't think wanting the european parliament to have the power to initiate legislation , for example , is at all inconsistent with wanting a federal europe . 
   the eu is driven by fluffy political grandstanding and very little in the way of detailed implementation . 
  this needs to change this is nonsense , many eu laws , regulations and commission publications are extremely detailed . 
   the eu is corrupt as hell . 
  many northern countries should not be looking to move to a more corrupt form of government than the one they have . 
  it 's insane . 
  i do n't really see how the eu is any more corrupt than most national governments . 
  it 's a claim i always see made but never substantiated . 
   for a lot of people to stomach the fiscal transfers needed to sort out the problems in the `` south '' is a bit much and as a result they 'd probably want the south to cede more control over spending . 
  again , i do n't see how this is contrary to federalism .
