  i understand why it would be annoying , and i am no fan of / r/worldnews in general . 
  but to be fair , they probably removed it so that an english source could be posted and become the focal point for discussion . 
  it 's not just that german language articles are incomprehensible to american readers ; they are incomprehensible to virtually all readers outside the dachli countries . 
  i can only speak for my own country , but we have a few regional airports that are , as far as i am aware , hugely beneficial , especially shannon airport . 
  if municipalities are fudging numbers as you claim then this needs to be investigated at national and municipal level and people need to be prosecuted for corruption . 
  i believe that infrastructural investment ( including airports ) is very important for regional development and i think it 's absurd that it would be grouped in with creating a copy of malmo in second life ... 
  germany is profiting from the ez because the euro is * weaker * than the deutschmark would be . 
  it is common knowledge that a weaker currency boosts exports , because it allows you to export more cheaply . 
  if the $ 1 = $ 1.5 , then if you want to sell a car to america for $ 30,000 the american has to pay $ 45,000 which can make it very uncompetitive . 
  however if $ 1 = $ 1 , the american only has to pay $ 30,000 which means your cars will be more attractive to american buyers . 
  the opposite is the case for imports . 
  if a car is $ 45,000 and $ 1 = $ 1 , it will cost a european $ 45,000 to import that car . 
  if $ 1 = $ 1.5 , it will only cost a european $ 30,000 to import it . 
  to be honest , a `` year of intercultural dialogue '' sounds like a great thing for the eu to support . 
  i would n't scrap the whole idea just because it includes something with a silly name like `` donkeypedia '' ( which may or may not be silly , i do n't know anything about it ) . 
  airports , runways and other infrastructural projects can be incredibly beneficial to local economies , but of course are inherently risky investments . 
  aviation is a very volatile sector and you may recall that europe has had a challenging few years economically which has of course suppressed demand and economic activity . 
  unfortunately it seems that in many cases these projects have not borne fruit , possibly victims of the global economic downturn , but i would n't be so quick to dismiss infrastructural investment as `` waste '' . 
  $ 7.4 billion , by the way , is approximately $ 14.80 per eu citizen . 
  in reality of course structural funds are sourced according to wealth so in poorer countries much less than that is paid , while in the wealthiest countries it could cost each citizen something more like $ 30 ( i have n't done the maths ) . 
  i believe a strong currency helps imports . 
  it 's exports that are damaged by a strong currency . 
   the economic fantasies of the ecb ( which they still hold to ) not really , at a policy level . 
  some economists within the ecb have defended austerity even recently , but draghi , during his presidency , has for the most part taken a softer tone : http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/d438a334-2a15-11e4-a068-00144feabdc0.html not to mention that the ecb is responsible for the low interest rates and quantitative easing that have probably been the biggest aid to growth and recovery in the eurozone . 
   and on top of all that , some of the natives seem to blame us that do come legally for taking their jobs and seem to think that we came by boat on helped cause this crisis !, 
  no one i know thinks like this , and we do n't have any kind of far right or anti-immigrant movement in ireland . 
  i do n't think it 's a problem here to be honest . 
  i think people should take legal news from ars technica with a pinch of salt as they are prone to sensationalist and misleading headlines . 
  you are correct of course , this ruling simply means that rules which make service providers liable for third party content do not breach the echr . 
  i have posted a link to an lse blog about the ruling over on / r/eulaw . 
  i think that post gives a much more reasoned analysis : https://www.reddit.com/r/eulaw/comments/3a34mi/grand_chamber_affirms_ecthr_judgment_in_delfi_as/ edit : not to mention that this is n't a shock at all , as the ecthr already ruled the same way in 2013 , but the case was then referred to the grand chamber . 
  i imagine it would be quite normal for the grand chamber to affirm the judgment of the lower chamer . 
  what ?? 
  i grew up in dublin , we lived in fear of the wooden spoon . 
  if we want further integration - arguably necessary for the survival of the euro - perpetual transfers are the solution . 
  transfers are a cornerstone of most modern welfare states in europe , so i do n't understand why they are so fiercely resisted at a european level . 
  they would also , i suspect , be a much more acceptable * quid pro quo * for greeks accepting significant structural reforms than bailout loans alone . 
  although i fully understand the advantages that the bailout loans have for greece in terms of availability and lower interest rates , it can be politically hard to sell `` do what we say and take your medicine and if you 're lucky , we might just saddle you with more debt '' . 
  i think transfers are the only sustainable and `` european '' way to solve this , the other solutions are either temporary or involve a retreat to nation state adversarialism . 
  i see a couple of anti-uk comments , and they are both down the very bottom , downvoted beyond visibility . 
  i think keeping / u/davidreiss666 as mod is unacceptable , i think most people expect that at a minimum he would be removed . 
  i wo n't go into the many reasons because others are putting them forward quite eloquently . 
  but i do think his removal is the minimum that has to be done to alleviate this situation . 
  / u/crnaruka is the other mod that has raised serious concerns and to be honest having heard about his posting history ( which does n't seem to have been contested ) i would expect him to be removed as well , but i could understand wanting to give him a chance . 
  i think / u/davidreiss666 has had more than enough chances though . 
  i agree with the others saying that this mod announcement is pretty empty . 
  i do n't think people are going to stop complaining until something more substantive is done . 
  i 'm sure the mods are more fed up with any of us with all the drama , but they need to realise that the way to stop the drama is to get rid of the toxic mod who 's causing it . 
  fucking hell i 'm an idiot , sorry, 
   i 'm not speaking on behalf of all of the moderators here it certainly sounds like you are , given your use of `` we '' when expressing your view on his suitability . 
  the article you link says that dijsselbloem regrets that his comments were taken as implying that juncker gets drunk on the job , and another source says that  when asked if a politician had ever been drunk during negotiations , dijsselbloem added that no-one was ever incapacitated at the meetings he has so far attended . 
  http://www.wort.lu/en/international/juncker-is-heavy-smoker-and-drinker-says-dijsselbloem-52cd199de4b006114a9b5706 in the absence of an easy and effective way to prove that he is drunk , i do n't think its fair to assume he is innocent until proven guilty . 
  the type of conduct we 're talking about here is n't nearly extreme enough to raise that assumption , imo . 
  if he were to start falling over , to be incapable of speaking properly , to get violent etc , it might be a different story . 
  he looks shitfaced because you are being told he is shitfaced . 
  he is not falling over , he is not slurring his words , he is not getting sick . 
  there is no way to tell from these clips whether or not he is drunk . 
  you could as easily claim that angela merkel looks drunk [ here ] ( http://radio.uchile.cl/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/angela-merkel.jpg ) if you were consistently fed a narrative to that effect . 
  genuine question , is there any actual proof that he is drunk during these clips ? 
  i know that he likes to drink but these antics do n't seem too outrageous to me . 
  just mildly eccentric really . 
  `` bitch slapping '' is really blowing it out of proportion , that kind of face pat as a greeting ( i dunno what it 's called ) is n't that uncommon in europe . 
  similarly , the `` dictator '' thing that caused such a stir was a joke among colleagues . 
  as far as i can see , most of the allegations that he is actually drunk on the job come from the usual suspects like the daily mail , and then repeated as truth by people on the internet . 
  i 'm not saying he definitely is n't but i would like to see the evidence , as most of his accusers i have seen so far lack any kind of credibility . 
  no , that is being wound down already . 
  this is simply to counter the fact that some countries have lower tax rates than others . 
  from what i 've heard , weekend polls actually harm turnout rates in ireland . 
  polls are open from 7am to 10pm , so there is plenty of time for people to vote before and after work / college , and i 'd say most people probably vote on the way home from work . 
  if the poll is on the weekend , people might be away for the weekend or might not even think to go vote , if they have n't left the house . 
   learning languages is pretty easy if you 're motivated . 
  and have the time . 
  a lot of people , especially those with jobs etc , simply do n't have the time to learn 4 + languages . 
  i actually think this is quite a cool poster . 
  i do n't know much about art / propaganda in the soviet union , the only thing we were taught about in school was the pervasion of `` socialist realism '' , and this seems to derogate substantially from that style . 
  can anyone explain ? 
  was socialist realism only really omnipresent under stalin ? 
   incidentally , this style is indistinguishable from the nazi propaganda art i 'm pretty sure it 's indistinguishable from 90 % of all propaganda ever , because if you 're selling a product or an idea you want to portray happy people being happy while associating with the product or idea . 
  holy fuck that woman with the glasses, 
  i hope this game does well - it 's great to see a video game based ( mostly , it seems ) on european current affairs . 
  a parliament does n't want street art as its logo . 
   if you kill another human being , you show that you do n't deserve to live . 
  does this logic extend to the executioner ? 
  of all the stupid protests people have , this one strikes me as among the stupidest . 
  i presume that this person 's main problem with the eu and european authorities at the moment is austerity policies . 
  while the ecb has n't exactly opposed austerity policies ( mainly because that is absolutely outside its mandate ) , it has done a lot to counter their effects with low interest rates and qe . 
  draghi in particular has been a big proponent of economic stimulus via monetary policy and in fact has targeted thinly veiled criticisms at germany for its failure to adopt a more stimulus-focused fiscal policy . 
  if austerity policies are killing europe , then the ecb 's monetary policies are giving it its main lifeline at the moment . 
  of course i may be wrong and she could be a libertarian , in which case her protest would be a littlemore understandable ( though still wrong , in my opinion ) . 
  but going by past experience i think it ` sprobably more likely that she is a confused anti-austerity activist . 
  everyone sleeps longer in romania, 
  these numbers seem to be rounded down , as ireland 's corporate tax is actually 12.5 % . 
  also our maximum income tax rate excludes the `` universal social charge '' which is essentially an income tax and can push your marginal total rate of income tax over 50 % . 
  somehow i think apple and samsung will continue to sell phones in the eu . 
  it 's why i find it funny that people say the eu is so disconnected from the oridinary citizens . 
  stuff like this has a bigger and more beneficial impact on the lives of ordinary citizens than a lot of the laws enacted by national governments . 
   in ireland , some of the most vocal anti-eu types are social democrats , socialists , and so on ; i would n't say it is much different in other eu states . 
  i have n't heard of any notable social democrats speak out for leaving the eu . 
  the eu , after all , is why workers and vulnerable groups have the protections they do in ireland . 
  the anti-eu people are generally the hard left ( which i suppose is still within your point , ie that you do n't have to be far-right to oppose the eu , which i agree with ) .
