dutch tourists who want to ski but do n't want to go all the way to the alps . 
  one was killed by a car around paderborn last year . 
   germans younger than 30 would have learned english in school germans younger than 50, 
  before 2015 i 'd have said that she has no convictions of her own and just waits until a clear public opinion has formed to jump on that bandwagon . 
  that is still more or less the case , but i respect her handling of the refugee crisis . 
  1500 eur in slovenia might be a lot , in other places you wo n't be able to pay your rent with it . 
  it 's all relative . 
  this year i 've done 3 trips ( two short city trips - 3-5 days - and one loooong holiday in nepal - 22 days - ) . 
  other than that we go shopping in the netherlands once in a while . 
  it 's all fine and dandy if you want to retrace your heritage . 
  no problem with that . 
  what people have issues with is the `` my grand grand grand father was irish thats why i drink so much '' or `` i 'm 1/16 german , it shows in my work ethic '' nonsense . 
  other than that , your family history is your family history , but that does not mean that after 100 years of none of your ancestors stepping foot in `` the old country '' do you have a true connection to the people living there today . 
  the thing is though , that the pickerl generates income . 
  without it that loss of money would have to be compensated somewhere which means higher taxes for austrians . 
  how is that different than what germany is planning ? 
  and those taxes ( or other taxes ) would n't have to be raised to keep the same standard/income ? 
  come on . 
  the netherlands and belgium have a valid argument , austria on the other hand is just hypocritical . 
  without the austrian autobahn tax , would taxes for austrian residents have to be raised to make up for the loss of income ? 
  if the answer is yes , then congratulations you are basically already doing exactly what germany is planning to do ( which i 'm against by the way ) . 
  thats a bit misleading tough . 
  there is no official state religion in germany neither on the federal , nor on the states level . 
  have been to one at a stag night in cologne . 
  you had to buy fake 1 dollar bills at a counter . 
  madame tussauds , london . 
  if you pay a shitload of money to stand in line at this hellhole with everything else that london has to offer , you are an idiot . 
  depends on how high you want to go . 
  if you want to do some peaks , you will have to live with snow in combination with bad weather . 
  if you take for example zugspitze ( germany 's highest mountain ) you can expect snowfall up to june and starting again at the end of august . 
  it 's a nice hiking mountain though . 
  no real mountaineering necessary depending on your route . 
  i think you 'd ca n't throw all of western europe in one basket . 
  if you take germany for example , the marshall plan did n't do much financially ( psychologically might be different ) . 
  all in all germany got $ 1.4 billion in total through the marshall plan , at the same time it had to pay $ 2.4 billion annually in occupational costs . 
  what scares me most with a possible trump presidency is that he would be the one to nominate several supreme court justices . 
  with the way the republican party has been acting the last few years that has the potential to get some serious unfit/scary people on the bench and the potential to screw with the us for decades . 
  what i find even more interesting is that pretty often when you have an online discussion about an important historical person an american will post that he is related to that person somehow . 
  or that everyone seems to have a family crest . 
  i think legoland when i was 4 . 
  i remember the driving school . 
  german diy king ( in german ) . 
  that we all hide a christmas pickle ornament in our christmas tree . 
  london . 
  always stuff to do , always something happening , always new things to discover . 
  when i ended up at a tourist mall in orlando , brazilians , spanish ( and italians ) where the worst customers i 've ever seen anywhere in my life . 
  it was a battlefield . 
  clothes flying everywhere , people dropping clothes like flies wherever they were standing . 
  worst part was at check-out . 
  no sense of queuing at all and people pushing to the front of the line like their live depended on it . 
  the nation that predominantly visits the place you are at that very moment ( and drinks the most ) . 
  brits on stag nights , germans in el arenal , mallorca just to name two examples . 
  my parents both only have volksschulabschl\u00fcsse and left school at 14 ( pretty standard back then ) . 
  i have abitur and a university degree . 
  thats pretty common in our rural area . 
  the stereotype of fraternities ( rightfully earned or not ) in germany is that most fraternities are seen as at least very conservative/traditional , a lot are right wing extremists and some come close to actual nazis . 
  fraternity/sorority culture like portrait in movies about the us does not really exist . 
  there are also fraternities that still have a [ fencing requirement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/academic_fencing ) . 
  only about one percent of students in germany are members of a fraternity/sorority . 
  nice place to go hiking . 
  does n't really matter . 
  it was still the same legal entity . 
  in germany that would be advertised as 3 zkbb meaning 3 rooms + kitchen + bath + balcony . 
  the rooms only describe non purpose rooms that can be used as living/working or bedrooms . 
  the federal republic is identical with the weimar republic which was identical with the reich . 
  a new name does not change the identity of a state in the same way that a name change ( for example by marriage ) does n't make a new person . 
   legally they are all seperate entities of course . 
  no , not really . 
  there were plans to have frisian , danish and platt as official languages in northern germany , but i do n't know how far they got with that . 
  tbh i do n't know . 
  it only concerns a small area in eastern germany anyway . 
  if the opponent or judge does n't speak sorbian a translator will be provided . 
   section 184 gvg  the language of the court shall be german . 
  the right of the sorbs to speak sorbian before the courts in the home districts of the sorbian population shall be guaranteed . 
  british . 
  the last three years you were free to use be or ae . 
  you had to stick to one though . 
  de facto german . 
  in court in special cases also sorbian . 
   are the german empire , third reich , weimar republic , federal republic of germany , german democratic republic and modern germany considered to have been separate states or are they considered the same country ? 
  according to legal theory they are the same state . 
  the current federal republic of germany is the same entity as the 1871 germany ( some even say the same as the 1866 norddeutscher bund ) . 
  he was in jva leipzig . 
  the police does not operate jails/prisons . 
  he was in jail , the police had nothing to do with it . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong ok . you are wrong . 
  the dropped case is the criminal investigation of both regular insult and insulting a head of state . 
  it did ` nt even get to a court , it was always only an investigation of the state prosecutor if they wanted to press charges . 
  well , they do n't . 
  the case that is being tried in hamburg is a civil case . 
  that is different from the criminal proceedings and can lead to a different result . 
  erdogan filed for a temporary injunction to prohibit b\u00f6hmermann to repeat his poem in public . 
  the court granted a partial temporary injunction for certain parts of the poem and rejected it for other parts . 
  the november date is the proper court date for that civil case that follows if parties do n't agree with the findings of the temporary injunction decision . 
  he was n't charged . 
  up to this point it was an investigation if the prosecution should take it to court . 
  nah , people made a fuss with no clue what was really going on ( stuff like , fear that you can get a live view of someones garden and fear that burglars would use it to scout targets ) . 
  add a bit of privacy paranoia and nothing else to report at that time and you had a baseless shitstorm of epic proportions . 
  google has all the data for germany , but after offering to blur stuff and still getting insane requests they just said fuck it and scrapped it in germany . 
  as far as i know there was no legal case to test if they could actually just offer streetview and give everyone the finger .
