  we could have pushed for eu-wide-referendum rule . 
  now the eu is at a kind of impasse because of a lack of political will . 
  part of it is because people find a scapegoat in the eu because it has too many institutions and they do n't bother to understand why it was setup that way , part is rhetoric from nationalist parties about power transfers . 
  i do n't really see your point , what do you dislike about the current form of the european union ? 
  i really hope you do know that the member states disliked the way eu worked before and set to reform it . 
  the outcome of that was the lisbon treaty ( also called reform treaty , look it up ) . 
  if the constitution had passed some argue that the democratic deficit would have been reduced . 
  you talk about reform in the eu but fail to understand that that 's exactly what the member states wanted and passed with the lisbon treaty . 
  as a positive result of the lisbon treaty , take the [ recent triumph of lady ashton at the geneva talk ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/nov/24/iran-nuclear-talks-lady-ashton-geneva-triumph ) , who is the head of common foreign and security policy , an institution set up in 2009 by the same treaty . 
  while these institutions are still young , they do hold immense power . 
  the iran nuclear deal lowered the price of gasoline worldwide . 
  the serbia-kosovo talks were also lead by lady ashton . 
  the parliament was also established by the treaty . 
  no one is saying that people are stupid to decide on issues , just very uninformed , that 's why they expect politicians to dumb down the problems and explain them in layman 's terms . 
   how is it democratically legitimate to give multiple countries the euro without votes when polls showed they were against it ? 
  i am fairly certain that there were referendums on this and some countries voted to opt-out , like denmark and sweden . 
   how is it democratically legitimate for the french and dutch to get lisbon despite voting down the same proposals , the same even according to the authors , in 2005 ? 
  it was democratically legitimate because the elected leaders of the eu chose to push those measures as the treaty of lisbon . 
  they did that at the cost of votes , because , they thought it would be the best for their country . 
  you do n't like their policy ? 
  you tax them with your vote in election . 
  the lisbon treaty was needed in order to cut the democratic deficit at the eu level , by giving the european parliament more powers . 
  i 'm curios , why do you advocate for direct democracy ? 
  there are no other countries in the world with direct democracy . 
  your critique revolves around your very personal interpretation of democracy . 
  what is , in your view , a democratically legitimate action ? 
   the eu has no democratic legitimacy at all . 
  it 's delegation from the heads of the eu states . 
  major policy from the european commission is established with the heads of states and it has to run through the european parliament in order to take effect . 
  you prefer to directly elect the president of the european commission ? 
  what will , in your view , make the european union more democratically legitimate ? 
  acta did not pass through the european parliament due to protests eu wide . 
  every time you say that there 's not democratic legitimacy you come around as ignorant on the eu , albeit a very vocal one . 
  policy is vetoed by the heads of states . 
  so you did vote for those elites that decided to give a go-ahead to more european integration and eu expansion . 
  euro-fascists ? 
  how do you throw those terms around so easily and expect people to actually take into account what you wrote is beyond me . 
  i see your type with a minimal knowledge of economics shout against the euro because it supports their political view and do n't understand how they have made their mind in a matter that is so complex . 
  this is the definition of populist . 
  do not understand it yet you 're against it . 
  no democratic mandate ? 
  while everyone agrees there 's a democratic deficit at the eu level you have to be really ignorant on the way the eu institutions work to say that there was no democratic mandate for the heads of states . 
  it 's interesting how you voice extremism by saying that elected people are subverting democracy simply because you do n't agree with their actions . 
  you 've read the general theory of employment , interest and money ? 
  i bought the book a couple of months ago and plan to read/study it . 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge's_law_of_headlines ), 
  from october 31 , 2011 , 11:37 am i think you deliberately searched google for articles about euro fail and found one from two years ago . 
  a great example of a [ false dilemma ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/false_dilemma ) . 
   simply stated as true without backup . 
  i 'm wary of these `` obviously true '' and `` common sense '' claims - it seems to me that something that keeps the field economics mired in not-really-science status is its willingness to assume the truth of attractive common-sense narratives . 
  this seems to be the case with a lot of people , they seem to take economics as something you discuss in bars , and everyone 's an expert in the field just because they 've heard/read an opinion . 
  youth unemployment could be correlated to issues with the education system in their country , a lack of workforce mobility in the eu ( buy which will surely change in the future ) and a tendency in europeans to take human sciences degrees when there 's a [ documented ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-24779016 ) need of people with stem degrees . 
  is the euro really a factor ? 
  i 'd say it 's negligible . 
  i guess you could make a lot of arguments pro/anti euro but bear in mind that economics deals with really complicated models that try to perfectly recreate market conditions on earth . 
  so the truth is that we 'll never know . 
  i was referring to the current context , in which a snapshot of youth unemployment in eu he interprets as due to the euro . 
  why nitpick your countries ? 
  there 's uk , croatia , sweden , hungary with youth unemployment  20 % . 
  oh wait , these have their own currency . 
  so the issue is not the euro . 
  you know it 's not . 
  but someone told you it is to divert your attention from the real problems . 
  an you believed them . 
  also , i hope you know that the czech republick have their own currency , and it 's not the euro . 
  i 'm just curious , how did you reach this conclusion ? 
  you 've made an [ informed opinion on the eu ] ( http://europa.eu/about-eu/index_sv.htm ) and after weighing in all the pros and cons in an objective manner you 've concluded that eu is a mad dog that needs to be put down ? 
  because i 'd believe everyone in the eu would be interested in that reasoning . 
  the floodgates have been open since 2007 . 
  about what floodgates are you talking about ? 
  every roma that wanted to be there is now there . 
  i ca n't say anything about the real nomad roma people ( the ones that still use carriages ) , but i think they ca n't get in because uk is not part of the schengen agreement . 
  in this respect , the floodgates will never be open . 
  either way , what floodgates ? 
  if you think highly skilled people from romania/bulgaria will fuck up your country then you are wrong . 
  the only difference will be that they will be able to work legally . 
  i view this as positive . 
  i think that it can be argued that the work restrictions do increase criminality . 
  it 's really sad to see people fall for the scare tactics of fringe parties . 
  i saw only circlejerk from the ukip party . 
  do people really fall for these out of context edited videos ? 
  you 've put forward a lot of points but gave absolutely no source for any . 
  and you also tend to generalize everything . 
  a friend with a college degree recently moved to germany to a salary  11 euro per hour . 
  mind you that 's well above the median income in germany . 
  i 'm just saying this to show that your point is a generalized assumption . 
  the tax heavens issue is being [ discussed ] ( http://euobserver.com/economic/120509 ) at the eu level . 
  only with pressure at the eu level will this issue ever be resolved . 
  the netherlands will never relinquish it 's status as a [ tax heaven ] ( http://www.dw.de/the-netherlands-german-companies-favorite-tax-haven/a-17065754 ) without pressure . 
  same goes with ireland , both are famous for controversial tax structures known as the `` double irish '' and the `` dutch sandwich '' . 
   i could be here all night ... but i can safely sum it up . 
  the eu is a tool for certain elites in certain countries , mind you that this is with their peoples support , to control the whole of eu and end up serving their interests only . 
  they care nothing about us . 
  selfish , arrogant , calculistic people that wo n't be given a third chance . 
  this is about corruption . 
  no country is devoid of corruption at the moment , and that corruption is reflected in the eu . 
  those elites are chosen from inside the political parties we voted , so ultimately it is our fault . 
  you still bear the responsibility if you did n't vote . 
  i ca n't see how you detach yourself from those elites . 
  is n't ukip decreasing in popularity as uk 's economy is expanding and beating forecasts ?
