it 's useless to argue in this thread , it has been overrun by a very vocal minority and they wo n't agree with whatever you say . 
  if the ep decides it wo n't support another candidate than their own then it 's undemocratic because of the low turnout . 
  if the heads of states propose someone you never heard of it 's undemocratic because no one voted for him . 
  it 's incurable , reason why i do n't think it will end with a referendum on the eu . 
  they will never stop . 
   so the video was filmed to influence ukrainian society . 
  how does this make sense ? 
  commit an act that is widely associated with terrorism with what purpose ? 
  you are an ukip party member with a vested interest in presenting complicated issues to suit the ukip agenda . 
  i honestly do n't think you have any job other than posting on forums . 
  you 're using the equal sign often , i do n't think it means what you think it means . 
  he provided a copy of the law firms balance sheet that detailed a transfer from the billionaire of 40000 euros , of which 20000 euros went to one judge . 
  he was listed as a witness in the trial . 
  the cameras in the subway show that he committed suicide with very little reason of doubt , in the same day that the prosecutors arrested the four judges . 
  i think he realized he was in deep shit ( perhaps threatened ) and broke down . 
  / u/kennyt1001 suggests that the president controls the secret services , which is pretty silly , as the head of the security service is from the social democrats ( the ruling party ) . 
  the president is from the liberal democrats . 
  ( the opposition ) the story here is that the national anti-corruption directorate ( dna ) is rattling nests . 
  almost no day passes without a tax evasion scheme or corruption exposed by them . 
  it 's been this way for the last two years , sparing no parties in the process . 
  that is a bit overrated and debatable . 
  you do acquire experience , especially the experience of working in a huge organization . 
  but do you acquire more knowledge then building a software product from the ground up ? 
  not really , you 'll work on a component , a very specialized type of work . 
  i 'd say building a product is a lot more important for a young engineer . 
  it 's a question of risk , some people are just more comfortable . 
  the culture and brand are also attractive . 
  but then again there 's also a start-up culture . 
  i have a lot of friends that interned at google/facebook/twitter , some twice , in different products . 
  all except one returned to romania and founded start-ups or are working at start-ups from eu remotely . 
  the one that moved to us went to twitter because at the time twitter was offering good stock packages to developers . 
  ( before they were listed ) these big firms have a difficult and challenging interview but after you 're tasked with something dull . 
  consider that these firms have very large and mature systems on which you 'll mostly do maintenance work . 
  start-ups are the way to go , work for yourself , get seed investments , etc. 
  a good exit will make you richer than 10 years at any of the tech giants . 
  the best software devs have figured this out by now and have seen through the big tech firm mirage . 
  the first picture you linked is of oil wells in texas from 1900s . 
  the original source of the picture is [ here ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/amymyou/9431314171/ )  well , you 've got it wrong , again . 
  this is not a picture of hydraulic fracturing . 
  this is an old school oil field with vertically drilled wells , spaced so production can be maximized out of a tight formation . 
  the wells may or may not have been fractured over their lives to stimulate production . 
  if these had been modern fractured wells , the ones everyone is so up in arms about , draw a line from any one of those pads in any direction for a couple of miles out and count the wells that lay on that line or within a quarter mile either side of it . 
  that 's how many wells a single , modern , horizontally drilled and hydraulically fractured well can replace . 
  if you measure the risk to and actual damage to the environment , which scenario do you think causes less ? 
  knee jerk condemnation because its pc causes unintended consequences , folks . 
  do n't be a low information troll . 
  the second picture looks extremely similar to the first one . 
  i could n't find an original source , but i hope you 'll find one for me . 
  those still look to me like old school oil wells . 
  the third picture is the same field from the second picture , which i hope you 'll find the original source and location for . 
  shale gas worst than coal ? 
  we are stretching it here quite a lot . 
  only if you believe it poisons wells . 
  it 's widely reported on tv in romania as a far-right party ( extremist ) . 
  the current slur against romanian neighbors was particularly borderline racist and i do n't think it was taken lightly by many . 
  but in the minds of the common romanians it 's explained as romani people making us look bad in europe , so i do n't think it damaged britain 's reputation that bad . 
  ca n't speak for everyone , but the amount of news coverage for ukip does paint britain in a xenophobic light . 
  perhaps it will deter further immigration . 
  hyperboles do n't really help , you know . 
  did soros say the euro is casting countries into darkness ? 
  you 're more likely to find this scenario in the lord of the rings . 
   cast the later into darkness and this is how you can tell that the person has a very vague understanding of finance . 
  due to the nokia effect . 
  it 's argued that ww2 would not have happened without a non-aggression pact between russia and germany . 
  war was declared in 1939 with the invasion of poland . 
  as you say , hitler would not fight on 2 fronts , especially with the history lesson from ww1 , when they could not conquer france . 
  as soon as france fell to germany , russia demanded bessarabia from romania . 
  france was , and still is , a traditional ally of romania . 
  this annexation was written down as an article in the ribbentrop-molotov secret pact . 
  ussr was an ally of germany up until they were attacked . 
  i do n't think stalin really believed hitler would attack russia . 
  he would not have antagonised so many neighbours prior to that : poland , the baltic countries , romania , finland , etc. 
  fwiw i voted for france, 
  were the pools there from the start ? 
  i was wrong , new zealand issues gov bonds only in nzd . 
  but that 's because investors buy their bonds . 
  they are perceived as stable and the country seems to be one of the world 's least corrupt . 
  crisis hit new zealand would issue bonds in dollars . 
   it does make you wonder why countries insist on borrowing over such long terms . 
  why not simply borrow on 4 week terms , like the us with t-bills ? 
  this way the currency-issuer would simply get the short-term risk-free rate , as set by their own central bank , without further speculation . 
  the financial system is not that developed . 
  the usd is the most widely used currency in the world , you ca n't compare the financial system that backs that up with the one from a developing country . 
  i guess there 's really no demand for 4 week maturity bonds in ron . 
   that is interesting , i wonder why new zealanders do n't do the same . 
  more competent government ? 
  ( not a snipe , just pondering aloud ) i could n't say . 
  one factor would be a competent government , another its remoteness . 
  the swiss had to peg the franc to 1.2 euros in 2011 ( maintained to this day ) , at the height of the euro-crisis , so their industry would n't suffer . 
  i ca n't see that happen in remote nz . 
   you only borrow in a foreign currency to ( temporarily ) appreciate your own currency ( a lot of developing nations fall in this category , probably not good policy ) , or if you are trying to bail out debt that 's denominated in foreign currencies ( eg iceland borrowed quite a bit as part of restructuring through their financial crisis ) . 
  you 're referring to government bonds , which are issued in either a foreign or local currency , it depends on the stability of the said currency . 
  romania has a hard time issuing bonds in ron because the yield takes into account the instability of the ron , so investors are not that keen of taking additional currency rate risk on bonds ( which are used mostly as diversification method to lower the risk ) . 
  when the central bank interferes in the forex market , it consumes its foreign currency reserves . 
  ( as it happened with russia recently , they burned $ 11 bln to keep the ruble from plummeting and spread panic ) ~ ~ new zealand issues government bonds both in local currency and dollar/euro . 
  you diversify to lower the risk . ~ ~  in europe , i 'd be interested to know which countries you 're referring to but if they 're one of the many pegged to the euro , then their own currency is only really a proxy for the euro . 
  borrowings would naturally be in that . 
  prior to the euro everyone in romania held either dollars or deutsche marks stashed under their pillow . 
  now they stash euros . 
  for small countries , there 's very little gain in keeping a local currency .
