  for the common folk there 's even less . 
  because the night is dark and full of terrors . 
   the military observers are based on the so-called vienna document on request of the government in kiev since the beginning of march in the country go . 
  i see that they are part of the same mission that was denied entry into crimea and turned back at gunpoint . 
  based on the vienna document . 
  formed mostly of citizens from nato countries and escorted by ukrainians . 
  the most important criteria is for them to be unarmed . 
  russia obviously does n't want to have these observers in hot spots . 
  i do n't really think that they were spying ( are n't all observers spies ? 
  ) , but i see why russia does n't really want them anywhere and they are not part of the osce observers agreed on 21 march . 
   they where not osce members in the sense of being on any kind of osce mission . 
  the mission was based on on a private agreement of the german government and the ukranian interim government . 
  it is dishonest to suggest otherwise . 
  source ? 
  i 've seen that they were part of the official osce mission : [ osce special monitoring mission to ukraine ] ( http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm ), 
  russia does n't really want to cooperate . 
  it 's goal is to destabilize eastern ukraine so the 25 ` th of may elections are declared invalid . 
  they like the current status quo . 
   while germany should do everything to further a peaceful solution to the crisis , joining any military operation is not a step in that direction . 
  a millitary verification mission from osce is not a military operation . 
  separatists captured the bus full of osce members . 
  armed military personnel does n't move in buses . 
  they kidnapped the osce members on a false pretext ( nato spies ) to use them as a bargaining chip : release pro-russian prisoners caught by the military . 
  they would have captured them even if they were civilians . 
   could have sure but obviously did not want to . 
  still things might have been different for referendum observers . 
  i guess we 'll never know because they did not get send there in the first place which was my point . 
  what did you really want to know ? 
  there 's no question of the illegitimacy of a one week referendum done under military occupation . 
  so sending the mission was really pointless . 
  the simple presence of the osce members would have conferred legitimacy , even if they would 've invalidated the referendum afterwards . 
  i see , so russia agrees to a civilian monitoring mission when there were no rebels in the east . 
  after the rebels take hold ukraine requests a military monitoring mission from the osce . 
  they get kidnapped . 
  you think that they would have needed to negotiate the osce mission with the rebels or russia ? 
  what could unarmed military personnel do ? 
  they were unarmed military observers . 
  that 's how they monitor areas with military presence . 
  25000 russian troops could 've handled 50 unarmed military observers . 
  i watched very closely the events unfold and there 's really no question of that . 
  a kalashnikov referendum enlarged the russia federation in a week . 
  endless debate on technicalities is somewhat insulting to someone with a brain . 
  even [ russia agreed ] ( http://www.swissinfo.ch/eng/politics/russia_agrees_to_monitoring_mission_in_ukraine.html?cid=38218092 ) to this monitoring mission in ukraine . 
  so it was not one-sided . 
  if you followed the conflict closely from the beginning you 'd know that russia is intent to destabilize ukraine so that the may 25 election are declared illegitimate in the regions controlled by the rebels . 
  the geneva agreement was stillborn , russia did not even issue a statement to the rebels to disarm and release the occupied buildings , to say that they at least tried to honor the agreement . 
  russia is controlling that area . 
  if they knew that russia did n't back them up then the next day they would lay down their arms . 
   the vast majority of this subreddit is going to down vote you without giving any answers . 
  they choose to completely ignore the fact how germany and the usa meddled in the ukrainian affairs by sending german soldiers as part of the `` official '' osce mission . 
  these are osce military observers . 
  it takes military observers to observe military activities and make a report on them . 
  i 'm not really sure if you 're unaware of that fact that it 's how osce military monitor missions work or just believe there 's some conspiracy behind it . 
   uninvited osce military observers attempted to enter the region four times but were turned away , sometimes after warning shots were fired , [ 93 ] [ 94 ] which was another reason given for not dispatching referendum observers . 
  [ 95 ] i do n't really know from where you got the idea that an observer mission only observes the referendum day . 
  in addition to that osce members got kicked out with warning gun shots the previous day ( they tried to enter crimea four consecutive days ) . 
  i followed the events closely at that time , the self appointed governor knew they wo n't come to observe , but he said it in order to spin the story . 
  and it obviously fooled you . 
  the referendum at gunpoint would have been declared invalid even if observers were sent at russia 's request . 
  by the way , crimea ca n't summon osce . 
  if the request had come from russia then it might have been fulfilled . 
  the mission that got turned back at gunpoint was made as a request from ukraine . 
  can confirm that the same thing happened in romania . 
  chevron wanted to build a fracking well in pungesti but it was treated like the apocalypse was coming . 
  russia today sent a news van to do a live feed of the protests in that village . 
  it got violent and the protesters were driven away from chevron 's property . 
  while there was a grassroots protest movement , they were quickly exploited by the russian media to further their narrative that shale gas is poisoning the land . 
  i have friends that consider shale gas to be equal to poisoning the water and wells , that 's how far to the extreme the issue has gone in some people 's mind . 
  shale gas got demonised across europe . 
  now it 's relatively calm , russia 's annexation of crimea seems to have toned people down a bit . 
  chevron 's prospecting well [ has gone up ] ( http://s2.bizwiz.ro/?mmid=be2b918e20518c3c29 ) . 
  romania imports only 20 % of its gas from russia , so we 're already in a good spot , but our reserves are decreasing . 
  so by prospecting for shale gas we 're making sure we 'll never be to reliant on russia in the future . 
  what is the plan if the referendum fails and britain does not leave the eu ? 
  because i do n't think ukip will accept the loss for another 40 years , as much as they boast about direct democracy . 
  from what i read the council will be in a tough position to refuse the candidate elected now . 
  undemocratic is what ukip is doing by taking money from the eu parliament while doing nothing . 
  this is representative democracy . 
  if i understand correctly it 's 25 ` th of may . 
  the four in the debates are the candidates . 
  the second one from [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d8rwljcdhy ) . 
  roughly translated to `` if nothing is good enough , then you 're romanian . '', 
  in romania it 's a conflict of interest to hire relatives in your parliamentary office . 
  the national integrity agency monitors that these rules are applied . 
   the national integrity agency ( ani ) asked the supreme court 's prosecutor 's office yesterday to investigate mps niculae mircovici , adrian merka , mircea grosaru and former mp luminita iordache for conflict of interest , because they hired family members within their parliamentary offices in the 2008-2012 sitting , a press release quoted by mediafax informs . 
  one example from [ here ] ( http://www.nineoclock.ro/ani-accuses-four-mps-of-conflict-of-interest/ ) in romania , farange would have been barred from public office for a few years for nepotism . 
   wanting to leave the eu and control borders is not based on hate and fear . 
  all countries have some limits on borders , including every eu country . 
  nobody claims these limits are based on hate and fear . 
  but that campaign is based on hate and fear . 
  you truly ca n't see how that finger pointed at you caters to the fear of loosing your job to immigrants ? 
  or the one about the eurocrats caters to the hatred towards the political class ? 
  these are xenophobic propaganda posters , they do n't promote a healthy discussion on expats and eu , their target is to gather votes based on fear and hate , as much as you 'd like otherwise . 
  daily mail officially switched from 29 million romanians and bulgarians flooding uk to african immigrants ? 
   the comparison with ireland is relevant because ireland 's economy , like the uk 's , is dominated by financial services . 
  france , germany and italy do n't have economies dominated by financial services : germany 's is dominated by high end manufacturing . 
  the uk 's economy is most closely aligned to ireland 's . 
  ok let 's say that it 's not completely irrelevant , but very close to irrelevancy . 
  i would really need a source for `` the uk 's economy is most closely aligned to ireland 's '' . 
  what does this even mean ?
