  he was indicted by dna two weeks ago . 
  `` pull up the ladder behind you . '', 
   that 's the rationale of anarcho-capitalism right there , efficiency for whom ? 
  large economic entities aka . 
  multinational corporations , this focus has neither national interests nor private interests in mind , which invalidates it wholly as a primary concern for me . 
  efficiency in all areas that are vital to the internal market , even in social areas . 
  for example : * erasmus and the horizon 2020 research program ( the very topic of this thread ) . 
  * [ gallileo sattelite system ] ( http://www.gsa.europa.eu/galileo/benefits ) under full civilian control . 
  * [ reduced roaming charges ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_roaming_regulations ) - i can call my friends from all over eu without having the fear that i 'd get charged 1 euro per minute or more , as it was the case before ec started to regulate roaming tariffs . 
  there should be no roaming charge in the eu . 
  in july 2014 1 mb of data will be maximum 0.20 euro . 
  compare that with switzerland where :  charges are considerably higher for eu residents roaming in switzerland , and for swiss residents in the eu , especially on internet data , which vary , but are often around $ 3/mb ( 2012 ) . 
  * 112 common emergency number . 
  eu regulations oblige telephone operators to send location data . 
  there are a lot more issues social-centric , these are just some of them . 
  the truth is that eu is an experiment , and one with a very low budget ( 1 % of the combined gni of the member states ) . 
  the smallest amount possible with which this experiment can function properly . 
  you oppose the internal market on an ideological level so you wo n't really listen to academic arguments . 
  because you believe the discussion should take place on an ideological one . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  read on the [ eu 's internal market . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/internal_market ) and why the free movement of people is needed . 
  if we take away freedom of movement then we might just as well break the eu as it 's efficiency is considerably reduced . 
  even as it stands it 's not as efficient as it should , there is room for reform and everyone agrees with that . 
  tl ; dr ` they took our jobs ' rethoric . 
   appenzell innerrhoden has just 15,800 inhabitants . 
  ten percent are foreigners , well below the national average of 24 percent . 
  the biggest employment sector is manufacturing , followed by agriculture and most businesses have just a handful of employees , municipal data show . 
  the canton , where women only have been able to vote in local polls since 1991 , made international headlines a few years back due to consternation about people , particularly germans , hiking naked through the countryside . 
  first time i hear about naked hiking . 
  is it big in germany ? 
  or they just wanted to send a progressive message to those swiss ? 
  ( allowing women to vote in '91 is very conservative ), 
  for reference , estimates for the iv ` th quarter revealed today show that romania 's gdp grew by 3.5 % in 2013 , beating latest estimates of 2.8 % . 
  at the end of 2012 , the world bank forecasted a growth rate of 1.6 % for 2013 , showing once again that estimates are to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  edit : very good live feed from the guardian [ here . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/blog/2014/feb/14/eurozone-gdp-france-germany-italy-enrico-letta-matteo-renzi-live ), 
  it 's detrimental to the whole democratic process . 
  winning elections on the platform that the eu is undemocratic and then actually be anti-democratic by not participating in the whole parliamentary process . 
  a vicious circle . 
   win elections by saying the eu is undemocratic  be anti-democratic in the eu  win elections a second time by saying the eu is undemocratic  be more anti-democratic in the eu ukip in the eu are sort of an anti-democratic self-fulfilling prophecy with a topping of hypocrisy that lets them bag the benefits while doing nothing for the whole . 
   which is their right , not that the swiss have actually broken any treaties as of yet , but of course that was n't a `` point '' you or anyone else itt made prior to this comment . 
  they have not broken any treaties yet , but they are going to . 
  you ramble on about direct democracy and then fail to see how they are legally obliged to break the treaty now . 
  and they said they 'll lay down the quota system by the end of the year . 
   the swiss citizens decided to let their voice be heard on the issue now that the eu has shown it 's effects on their country and the response here has been nothing but crying about how horrible democracy is and that the swiss are all a bunch of egotists for not wanting continued unrestricted immigration regardless of the costs . 
  ( or pretending that there are none whatsoever ) have you actually been active on this subreddit this week ? 
  or did you just draw a conclusion based on some replies on this thread ? 
  you also exaggerate to make a point but just come across as very ignorant on what has been discussed here . 
  a big consensus is that it 's really not an issue with direct or representative democracy . 
  but you struggle to make that connection , in part because you are very fond of seeing the eu as this evil structure set on disrespecting the will of the swiss . 
  guess what , the eu has a mandate to protect its citizen 's interest , the most important ones being the four freedoms : freedom of goods , capital , services and people . 
  it could as well be the russian government that breaks a hypothetical treaty with the eu . 
  it matters not for the eu if the treaties were broken as a consequence of direct or representative democracy . 
   i notice that everyone seems to also pretend that they `` want everything '' as well , yet the swiss has made no actual demands of the eu of continued free trade or otherwise . 
  they 'll renegotiate the treaties , we 'll see what will become of it . 
  the eu is in a great spot for negotiation , the banking secrecy and the swiss tax evasion were put on the table , from what i 've read . 
  but the signal that the swiss population gave through this vote is that of isolation . 
  they also need to approve free movement for croatia through a referendum this year . 
  that will give the eu another signal . 
  if they reject free movement with croatia then i believe that the bilateral i and ii agreements will become void . 
  then they should go in full protest mode . 
  do nothing but refuse the money as they come from an undemocratic/illegitimate political construct . 
  you fail to mention that ukip already won 16.5 % of the votes in 2009 , coming second , and that they have the [ worst attendance and voting . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/where-have-ukips-absent-meps-really-been-8160595.html ) they now have 21 % , about 3 percent higher . 
  so basically they will do the same , not put forward reforms , but pocket a lot of money from the eu in order to finance the fear campaigns back home . 
  contrast their attendance with the amount of edited and out of context youtube videos they make at the ep . 
  it 's really all they use the ep for . 
  i get that they are amassing protest votes , but should n't they be responsible and put forward reforms as to hold the promise they made to their voters ? 
  in these past four years , point me to a law/initiative to cut the red tape/addressed eu environment regulations ( on which they blamed the floods ) / reduce the cap/reduce the bureaucratic apparatus ? 
  16.5 % of british mep that do nothing translates in a reduced uk influence inside the ep . 
   the biggest difference will be felt in the domestic politics of those member states where there is a significant eusceptic vote . 
  their influence inside the ep will be dimished for those countries . 
  in a sense they 'll go the ukip way , not doing anything for 4 years and prepare the next elections with fear mongering campaigns and seizing every opportunity to empower the myth of the evil eu that is to blame for everything . 
  ( similar to the `` thanks obama '' meme ), 
  but with the same logic , more growth in netherlands translates to more immigrants aka more people buying dutch goods . 
  right now netherlands takes [ advantage of both ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5nmkcse.jpg ) . 
  more people and stronger overseas corporations . 
  they are not mutually exclusive . 
   croatia is scheduled to sign off on a reciprocal free movement agreement with switzerland on 1 july . 
  all other member states have a similar agreement . 
  do you think this referendum on croatia will pass , in light of recent events ? 
  so it has come to this . 
  they are not ended , only suspended . 
  it 's because of the uncertain nature of the treaties . 
  most certainly this treaty was supposed to build on the others . 
  now what benefit does integrating the electrical system with a country that just decided that they do not want to integrate ? 
  it 's a dick move from switzerland , they want to integrate only in parts that make them more competitive . 
  about uk 's benefits , how can you not see the advantage uk 's financial sector could have in case the bilateral treaties are guillotined ? 
  it would gain competitive edge in being able to tap the eu , at minimum in terms of human resources . 
  i 'd argue that the uk wound want to move them all out of the single market , if it would only cater to the financial sector . 
   over a million eu citizens live in switzerland and another 230,000 cross the border daily for work . 
  about 430,000 swiss live in the eu . 
  talk about a messy situation . 
  no wonder the government did not want to get dragged into it . 
  i agree , countries in the eea and switzerland are usually called `` fax democracies '' because they have no say in the legislation , almost everything ( except fishery and agricultural policies ) the european parliament passes becomes a law in their countries . 
  you actually have more sovereignty in the eu . 
  not really , these investments are after profit . 
  they vary a lot . 
  for e.g.
