  for instance , uk 's gdp is highly correlated to the [ euro-zone ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?espv=210&amp;es_sm=93&amp;q=united+kingdom+gdp ) . 
  i ca n't even think of an instance where ireland is projecting power , whereas uk is a global player . 
  which translates to business . 
   this is true . 
  britain had a wage reduction , but kept high levels of employment . 
  portual , italy , greece and spain did not have a wage reduction , but have had massive and tragic unemployment and austerity forced on them by either the troika or their own governments to a degree far more severe than anything in the uk . 
  even france has significantly higher unemployment than britain . 
  the ability for the uk 's currency to float freely is exactly what britain needs . 
  romania lowered the wages of state employees by 25 % and pensions by 15 % in 2010 . 
  a free floating currency was not enough , we still had to loan 13 billions euro from the imf in order to maintain the confidence of debt investors . 
  this measure was , as you expect , very unpopular , and as a result the ruling party dropped to 16 % support . 
  without imf measures i do n't think the economy would have reformed . 
  i 'd say that reforms can be passed regardless if it 's a free floating currency or not . 
  more so in a stable currency because there 's never the risk . 
  uk got violently hit by the crisis in 2007 and was forced to bail-out and lower the wages of everyone . 
  whereas france was never in a doom state and thus never needed to reform . 
  i 'd still say that unemployment is related more to the educational system and not to being part of the euro-zone . 
   of course , germany does very well in the euro . 
  but other countries have done very badly in it . 
  one size does not seem to work in the same way for every country . 
  how is this observation not populist ? 
  there are advantages and disadvantages to a single currency union . 
  one advantage that would be that there is no more unfair competition between member states . 
  another that it 's bound to be stable ( ecb mandate ) . 
  another that trade does not take into account currency rate risk . 
  anyway , we 'll see what happens . 
  by 2020 most of the states in the eu will have the euro . 
  there is strength in unity , uk is on par with germany or france in terms of power and competition . 
  do n't kid yourself with comparisons to ireland . 
  the comparison to ireland is extremely poor . 
  uk has a population of 65 million people , whereas ireland has 4.5 million . 
  and then ireland 's bailout was 150 billion euros , whereas uk 's was more than 650 billion . 
  the pound depreciated from a stable 1.4 parity with the euro in 2007 to 1.1-1 .2 in the last five years . 
  what this means is that all british people had a wage reduction of 15 % compared to people in the euro-zone . 
  there 's a very good economic argument that the people in britain would have been a lot better had they switched to the euro . 
  if you want a proper comparison you need to compare it with a country that has a similar population like italy or france . 
  italy bailed out only one bank , with 20 billion euros while france did not bailout anything . 
  italy , france , germany will get their bailout money back with a very good return profit . 
   yes , it is a waste of resources that could be used for better quality of life for the people . 
  in the words of president dwight d. eisenhower : i agree the resources could be used for a better quality of life . 
  but people view security as part of a better quality of life . 
  which is why eisenhower deplored the situation `` under the cloud of threatening war '' , when you 're obliged to divert resources to security . 
  security is on the table yet again in europe , with russia 's surprise annexation of crimea . 
  if you have a belligerent russia that increases defense spending each year and just annexed part of a foreign country , then security becomes a vital component of the quality of life , from the state 's point of view . 
   which explains why sweden ( with its lousy 1.2 % of gdp military spending and being part of no military pact ) is so poor : nobody invests there . 
  sweden had mandatory conscription until 2010 and military spending dropped below 2 % in 2001 . 
  russia has 4.4 % of gdp military spending and keeps increasing it . 
  the russian threat was dismissed until now . 
  one assumption is that putin wants to rewrite how the cold war ended because it was disastrous in terms of russia influence . 
  is europe still stable and secure ? 
   on the other hand , on the nasa project the us spent a hundredth the sums spent on the military and it provided even more returns in technology . 
  america 's military supremacy allowed them to claim world hegemony for 25 + years . 
  it 's the highest return there is . 
  nasa 's moon landing was part of the confrontation with the soviet union , so you can still argue it 's military/security spending . 
  that 's not even an economic theory , just a parable , and one from 1850 , so it 's a bit of a strech to say that economists call this the broken window falacy . 
  the chinese are doing both , they increased military spending and increased infrastructure spending , which is really what the americans are doing , too . 
  only that in china there 's a bubble , they built entire towns that are somewhat deserted . 
  the military industry is not a waste of resources . 
  think about it in this way , a powerful army translates to stability for investors . 
  in a conflict most of them would move their investments to the country with the most powerful army . 
  furthermore , arpanet was a us department of defense project , and it lead to the internet . 
  military research has a high and longterm return . 
  there are ~ 1500 russian troops stationed in transnistria . 
  they became a separatist region with the help of russian troops . 
  very similar situation to crimea that stopped short of annexation . 
  but putin seems to be in an annexation mood lately . 
  it 's an adequate comparison from a historian point of view because of the way crimea was annexed . 
  even though you say that it 's how a conqueror would annex a territory , you ca n't really go beyond 1800 , when the idea of the nation state came to be . 
  even beyond ww1 it 's a bit of a stretch , because we were talking about empires and not our modern nation states . 
  either way , there are too many similarities between hitler 's annexations and the annexation of crimea . 
  simply pointing them out should not get you fired . 
  did you read the article ? 
  the annexation of crimea bears a very strong resemblance to hitler 's actions of 1938 . 
  and every historian could tell you that . 
  only in russia you get fired if you mention it . 
   in an article for the opinion page of the moscow daily vedomosti , zubov pointed out the similarities between putin 's actions in 2014 and hitler 's in 1938 . 
  both leaders justified their land grabs by the need to defend `` suffering '' compatriots . 
  both held questionable plebiscites in occupied areas to legitimize the annexations . 
  in 1938 , `` hitler 's glory was at its zenith , '' zubov wrote . 
  `` the world trembled in the face of great germany . 
  was n't the fuhrer a political genius , attaching areas and whole countries to the reich without a single shot ? '', 
  the price of grain in the commodity futures market did rise and it was not because ukraine installed a new minister . 
  it was as a consequence of the russian invasion of crimea . 
  it 's just speculation on weather russia will invade south-eastern ukraine and seize the black sea ports . 
   an interruption in the export of grain from the region of the black sea would most assuredly spike the worldwide value of grain . 
  investors and analysts alike are speculating on the upward swing in the cost of wheat . 
  the threshold is now . 
   after a russian invasion of this rather defenceless country , investors can expect to see an escalation in wheat prices in the commodity futures market . 
  it is this expectation that is driving the rise in the volume of grain options trading . 
  from [ here ] ( http://www.investing.com/analysis/will-conflict-in-crimea-impact-price-of-grain-205045 ), 
  they control the eastern-european food production ? 
  source for the claim ? 
  putin just altered the constitution . 
  pray he does n't alter it further . 
  at this point i expect russia to present a letter from yanukovych that calls a referendum on crimea . 
  who asked for money ? 
  all i see in the article is  the package combined could bring an overall support of at least 11 billion euros ( $ 15 billion ) over the next couple of years , from the eu budget and eu based international financial institutions , '' the head of the eu executive told a news conference . 
  it most certainly would not want more money . 
  the budget is fixed a priori for the next seven years . 
  in 2013 the council decided on the budget for 2014-2020 .
