  certainly could be better , but still . 
  this type of cricism is accepted :d i live here too , not the prettiest . 
  downtown is pretty nice , but apart from that , it basically screams ceausescu era socialist realism . 
  criticism from butthurt transylvanians who are even worse off should n't be accepted , though . 
  dude . 
  dude . 
  [ riding trams ] ( http://media.tvrnews.ro/image/201408/w620/tramvai-cai-bucuresti-vechi-blogspot-com_62646600.jpg ) . 
  no , your gypsies all read kant and sang in the church choir under austro hungarian rule . 
  research it . 
  the average wage in bucharest is about 1100 euros , since most foreign companies have their headquarters here , and most potent businessmen/women live here . 
  of course the average bucharester is n't much better off than the rest of his fellow romanians , but judging by sheer numbers , without bucharest , romania would be even more doomed . 
  without timisoara , we 'd have less `` carpaci '' to deal with . 
  the actual purchasing power parity gdp of romania is way higher , about $ 320 billion . 
  about 1/3 of that , if not more , is generated from the bucharest metropolitan area . 
  the gdp per capita of bucharest is 4 times higher than the national average , about $ 43000 . 
  add to that the port of constanta , portile de fier , and the cernavoda power plant , and you get a very significant chunk of romania 's gdp . 
  plus , do n't forget valea prahovei and the black sea resorts are in wallachia too , if we go by the convention which includes dobrogea in wallachia . 
  banat is piss poor in comparison . 
  no disrespect intended , but you started it , you ignorant dick . 
  i think the capital should be sibiu , if i 'm honest . 
  but bucharest is the only metropolis in romania , most foreign investment would still come here regardless . 
  he thinks there are no gypsies in hungary ( or even worse , serbia ) . 
  typical deluded fuck . 
  yes , as you can see , [ oriental culture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqtpqydndjy ) . 
  i 'm a fan of rapid so i 'm friends with some of the poli guys , and even they admit the city has turned into a shithole . 
  just like bucharest because of ceausescu . 
  now let 's stop this useless argument , you arrogant idiot . 
  plus , it 's not like you 're ever gon na be able to replace bucharest as the capital . 
  sectorul 2 is more populous than timisoara as a whole . 
  dude , no offense , but as a native bucharester i 've got ta say ... timisoara is way more of a `` shithole '' than bucharest ever was . 
  full of gypsies and stray dogs . 
  please , take care of your own garden before criticizing someone else 's out of jealousy . 
  not to mention , as a romanian living in bucharest , i 'm fucking scared to death of what your army might do to my country operating out of crimea . 
  bucharest is a mere 230km away from the black sea . 
  of course , we have ` muricans on our territory and a shield being built , but you could prepare a surprise attack relatively easily . 
  pls do n't . 
  you can never be sure with putinbots , but judging by the flair i suppose you might be right . 
  serbians are n't too bad , either :d, 
  i 'm neither `` western '' , nor homosexual , but i find absolutely no problem with either , 
  cute girls . 
  beautiful . 
  too bad the people who run this place are absolute retards . 
  edit : jesus christ people , stop with the downvotes . 
  i meant the fucking ruling elite , not the regular russians . 
  she 's just * big boned * . 
  * curvy * is in , dude . 
  yeah , normal for an american . 
  average girls here are * a little * skinnier . 
  `` clinton-like shenanigans '' . 
  certainly would n't blame him . 
  oh , i was n't serious , dude , it 's just that she 's now the third most popular person in the country . 
  suddenly . 
  i 'm just playing along to the themes set by society . 
  what she and the prosecutors are doing is fucking awesome , though . 
  long overdue . 
  are you a ponta voter , or what ? 
  :d got ta love the butthurt coming from a certain area of the press . 
  valcov is live as we speak . 
  we 've got [ the romanian god ] ( http://www.luju.ro/static/images/2012/mai_2012/18/kovesi_400x.jpg ) to thank for that . 
  she 's pretty much our ruler . 
  all hail the prosecutor master race !, 
  ( which is a sketchy comparsion , since we have a german president , but never mind ) . 
  we 're like oprah , except we 're handing out arrests . 
  no , but it 's still not as bad as what you did to the armenians . 
  whether it was on purpose or due to incompetence is irrelevant . 
  the fact of the matter is , you came to anatolia relatively recently and you found many diverse nations there . 
  not only did you push byzantium out of its legendary capital , you actually pushed way up north into the continent . 
  you reached my country and hungary , for fuck 's sake . 
  you reached vienna !, 
  of course this angered the native european populations of these lands . 
  hatred has no place in the 21st century , but turks are n't `` saints '' by any means . 
  or whatever is the muslim equivalent of that word . 
  and yes , you can definitely blame the americans , who said you could n't ? 
  most of the world already does . 
  dude , you have kremlin sponsored parties in your parliament ? 
  maybe being the only latin country in the region is n't so bad , after all . 
  we do n't really like russians here . 
  well , to be fair , you pretty much occupied those lands without any justification . 
  you occupied 2/3 of my country , as well . 
  the armenians , on the other hand , lived on their ancestral homeland ( * ahem * like the kurds * ahem * ) . 
  well , my country was one of the winners of the 1913 balkan war and never ethnically cleansed any turks . 
  i 'm not saying history is black and white , i 'm saying you have to admit your mistakes . 
  i have turkish friends and they all agree with me , but then again , they 're not akp supporters . 
  you fit the profile of the typical erdogan voter to a tee . 
  the armenian genocide happened , and the sooner turkey finally gets its shit together and recognizes it , the better . 
  period . 
  i 'm ashamed my country has n't yet recognized it either , but i guess it 's because we have closer diplomatic relations with you than armenia , since you 're a nato country . 
  denying history is n't gon na get you anywhere , dude . 
  everybody knows it was a `` genocide '' , only turks somehow have forgotten all about it . 
  curious thing , that . 
  dude , just stop it . 
  you 're digging yourself into a hole . 
  you 're one of those `` ataturk still aliv in turkey '' people , are n't you ? 
  it 's true . 
  pnl sure looks a lot more promising than psd currently , though , especially the `` old half '' . 
  psd is by far the most corrupt party in romania , there 's no question . 
  i 'm not saying pnl is n't corrupt , but it 's by far the less corrupt of the two . 
  romania is now mostly a two-party system , so we have to start thinking in american paradigms . 
  i 'm so glad i voted for iohannis . 
  so , so glad .
