romania stronk . 
  burebista aliv in romania . 
  decebal not aliv , but still around regardless . 
  weird claim for a ( supposed ) rightist . 
  yes we did . 
  i hope to god you 're not a leftist . 
  it 's true , my original comment was tongue in cheek . 
  syriza is a leftist , not left of centre , organization by modern standards , though . 
  me being a rightist , i do n't exactly * like * them , but greece could use some social measures , i guess . 
  not a surprise , their goverment is just a little bit to the left of trotsky . 
  haha , dude , i hope my children will feel the same way you do , except about romania :d i 'm young so it may happen . 
  if this goes on i might even stay in romania , even though i have some prospects in the west . 
  why not both ? 
  i think even conchita wurst would be better than platini at administrating things . 
  i think they 're just trying to play along to voiculescu 's agenda while they 're still in power . 
  did n't his propaganda machine stress this issue constantly in the past ? 
  at least for certain products . 
  of [ tactical genius ] ( http://www.stelian-tanase.ro/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/carol-rege-1914.jpg ) , not opportunism . 
  any normal human north of the danube and south of the tisa knows this , others simply hate us cause they ai n't us . 
  federalism following the german and austrian model i suppose * could * work , so touche . 
  and maybe this would stop the animosity between wallachians such as myself and ( supposedly ) transylvanians , such as yourself . 
  the only condition would be implementing a ban on separatist displays , since that would become a real danger . 
  we acted like total assholes in this war , attacking you when you least expected it . 
  does n't matter , had cadrilater :d, 
  true , though we 've finally started voting for good people and convicting those who 've robbed the country ever since the revolution . 
  first * truly * good things we 've done since the 1930s , and people here are genuinely excited about these events . 
  we 'll wait and see if it continues . 
  economy is growing , too . 
  thought romanians were the only ones who noticed that . 
  i think we all gave ourselves an internal high five upon reading that . 
  we 're slowly progressing upwards in the world , kinda like you did after '89 , 
  yes , and the funny thing is it went from truly relevant individuals like hrebenciuc , to complete and utter idiots like vanghelie and mazare , so it progresses downwards . 
  we started from the top of the metaphorical pyramid and began slowly moving down . 
  that 's a good thing , politicians are now scared to do anything shady and very reluctant to complete any public-private partnerships . 
  the president . 
  the judiciary is now free to do as it pleases . 
  yes . 
  this is why , despite everything , i love being romanian . 
  this would n't happen anywhere even remotely sane . 
  do n't you want passports to travel between `` regions '' , as well ? 
  this would turn romania into a second belgium , i.e a `` non state '' . 
  decentralization should happen but it should n't be taken to that extreme . 
  it simply does n't work in nation states . 
  i see putin 's ( not so ) secret satellites are working . 
  you 're our little brothers , you 're a part of the country . 
  so if they get satisfied with you , they get satisfied with us * tear in my eye *, 
  it 's ugly as fuck in certain areas , but it did n't use to be . 
  in the areas left alone by the communists , the city is still pretty . 
  there are things to be seen in bucharest . 
  it 's not as bad as you think . 
  and people from elsewhere can have opinions ... not transylvanians , though . 
  it 's for the best since arguments between wallachians and transylvanians always end in a shitstorm . 
  they should shut the fuck up . 
  the city already had 150000 inhabitants in 1859 . 
  and my family is n't from here , they come from valenii de munte and comarnic in prahova , but my parents were brought here in the 80s and i was born in the early 90s . 
  of course i 'm proud my native city is the only metropolis in romania , you 're telling me you would n't be ? 
  this is n't where my family is from but it 's still the city i grew up in for the most part . 
  what do you propose we should do now ? 
  move the capital ? 
  i 'm all for that . 
  the `` damage '' has already been done , though . 
  even if we moved the capital to sibiu or brasov , most foreign investment would still come here . 
  well , if they do n't like bucharest , they should fuck off and stop commenting on this post . 
  it 's only fair , right ? 
  maybe you should post a picture of cluj on here ... i 'd start with the subway there . 
  not mine either . 
  i 'm happy either way . 
  well then , petition those in charge . 
  i 'm neutral , but like most southerners , do n't give enough of a shit about the issue to actively pursue it . 
  you had boc as prime minister , how come he said nothing ? 
  no , of course you people would n't just come and flatout say it , but deep down that 's what this is about , and why you want a federal state . 
  a federal state would actually favor us more than you , and make moldova dive into even deeper poverty . 
  the south has the black sea coast , prahova valley , and most industry . 
  good luck trying to survive without the `` centre '' . 
  not necessarily that , but they 'd all want their communities to be as significant as bucharest . 
  which makes sense , since we have twice as many people in this city than there are in the next most populous county . 
  see what i 'm trying to say ? 
  it 's all jealousy , my friend . 
  romania revolves around bucharest and has done so for the past 156 years . 
  never schalke , though :p, 
  i watch the bundesliga , it 's my favorite league :d though i picked bvb as my team as a little kid and needless to say , this season has n't been the best for me to watch . 
  that alone might steer me towards your country , since to say i prefer it to the premier league would be an understatement . 
  i 'd like to come as a visitor , but german is hard , dude :d i 'll probably move to the uk on a scholarship , i already have some prospects . 
  they do n't want pickpockets but they surely want educated romanians , it seems . 
  still , the fact of the matter is , without bucharest , romania would lose most of its foreign investment . 
  and banat would n't be able to maintain even these levels of living if it were to become autonomous within a federal romania , which i would support , btw , so i 'm not the enemy . 
  the only solution would be a three `` state '' one : wallachia , moldova , and transylvania . 
  this would guarantee some sort of parity , though wallachia would have bucharest so it would already be ahead of the other regions , and moldova would be considerably poorer than the other two starting out . 
  both moldova and transylvania have lots of touristic potential , though . 
  but , really , dude , you 're not even from cluj , for crying out loud . 
  that i would understand , that city is gorgeous . 
  but timisoara is honestly simply a shithole . 
  you 're digging yourself into a hole . 
  just stop . 
  speaking for all civilized romanians , wallachians and northeners alike , we apologize on behalf of / u/crocodile92 for turning the comments into a romanian circle jerk of comebacks no foreigner would ever understand . 
  the `` hate '' comes from northern romanians , basically our rivals . 
  it 's a romanian thing , do n't mind it . 
  i live here ... it 's not manhattan , but it 'll do until i 'll finally manage to find something in the west . 
  at least i was n't born 20 years earlier , in the 90s we were at `` third world '' level . 
  now , life is manageable .
