  so it 's true ... americans hate russians, 
  hope the commercial is already taken down, 
  horrible crime !, 
  hope perpetrators will be brought to justice . 
  he or she did n't say and also did n't accuse usa for being here to protect us . 
  he or she just noted that we might be under military dominance of the usa and that is true . 
  i think it 's a problem . 
  europe did n't have a conflict for a quite a long time so we underrated our militaries and now we 're under dominance of the united states or maybe turkey and our safety depends on them . 
  european armies are just for training and not for fighting . 
  but the united states is a great ally and we should be grateful that they protect us . 
  i do n't know probably . 
  but the problem is still real . 
  if we accept more it will be political suicide and parties of anti-semitisms or racists will win the election . 
  what the hell is with you ? 
  we 're accepting 1,500 people ( yes , i think we should accept more ) no matter which race or religious . 
  i 'm so ashamed of my fellow citizens who are fucking bastards and want to accept non of them . 
  for example poland is 4x larger than czech republic ( i guess ) and accept only 2k . 
  they 're country with the largest economy in eu . 
  check rpablik stronk !, 
  there are no right-wing or left-wing parties complaining about putin being sad . 
  just communists and those are far left-wing so . 
  you mean right-wing parties or what ? 
  just communists i guess, 
  oh yeah , the second biggest military in the world will be stopped by fence , great idea and obviously not throwing money out of a window, 
  i 've got a solution !, 
  greece has financial crisis so why do n't buy their islands and build there camps for refugees ? 
  problem solved, 
  it was probably meant that european union wo n't close borders or does n't send refugees back . 
  yeah , you 're right thanks for correction . 
  i 'm a czech that lives in prague , but pilsen is one of the most popular city among czechs because they 've got good beer and have the best team in czech 1st league in soccer . 
  i think it 's a good place to live in . 
  [ check it on wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plze\u0148 ), 
  we have it same in the czech republic . 
  it 's probably under the european union agreement between member states and iceland and norway . 
  for me , snowden is a hero although what he has done is illegal and he should n't get presidential pardon . 
  done , 
  as a student of political science ( in my language it 's called politolog i personally think it 's better ) . 
  all of these points can not be fulfilled because if you do not want to be a dictator you must have a opposition and independent court , that means you will have to have constitutional court or supreme court who most of your proposals will probably refused . 
  hypothetically you ca n't achieve these points without federalisation of europe . 
  but well let say you have federalized europe and you 're president or what-ever . 
  first point with privacy - if you do n't co-operate with other intelligence services and do n't change information with them there 's a big terrorist threat , but i 'd say this is potentially cool and you can achieve this . 
  * public service is not associated with government they 're free ( if democracy is right ) and they main task is to balance other media so this will be disaster . 
  * of course you can do that if you get agreement with opposition and the united nations but this is not the solution . 
  * only way how to increase the usage of english is to educate people , but how would you educate them without their tongue language ? 
  if person lives all his or her life speaking different language than english it will be hard and it will take a lot of time . 
  * corporations and banks are often the main source of money for you to reign , right ? 
  so if you get on bad relations with them i do n't know where would you be looking for a money . 
  does n't matter if we like it or not . 
  that 's how it is . 
  * illness and health this is possible and probably it would help , as well as changing world point , but you will need money for that . 
  * this is so unrealistic , as i said before . 
  if we had independent court this can not become reality . 
  * automatisation : this depends on how is your laws set , but this also violates freedom . 
  * global warming : i 'm not a researcher or scientist so i can not say that this is possible or not , you have to ask someone different , sorry about that . 
  * european economic and geopolitic competitiveness : this is quite possible i think . 
  * european army : this is good point and i think this must be done now , in this time . 
  everything depends on money . 
  * freedom of religion : this should stay as it is . 
  i do n't know all the laws but i think this will change nothing . 
  * law : this is stupid point . 
  how can you monitor something which should monitor and punish people ? 
  you will have to create a group of people who will control court that means court will be no longer independent and then create a group that will control the group which controls the court and etc. 
  * remove kingdoms : if you do n't have a federation you can not talk to internal domestic scenes of other countries and change theirs political systems . 
  * switzerland : as i sad , you can not talk to internal domestic politics and if you had a opposition this will not go through parliament or whatever because of obstructions . 
  * africa : you will have to have a blessing from united nations security council . 
  * usa : i think this is good point and could be done . 
  * israel : you can do that if you had majority . 
  * ukraine : yes , this could be done if ukrainian government applied . 
  * unfreezing antarctica/artic ocean : this is the most stupid point . 
  if you unfreeze antarctica what will happened with ice ? 
  you will have over flooding . 
  tl ; dr : populistic party , these points can not be fulfilled and are unrealistic . 
  i wo n't vote for that . 
  no , quotas are out of the game . 
  britain will only accept amount of refugees they want to . 
  they should accept everyone in need . 
  they 're member country of the european union . 
  accepting or refusing people just because race , religion or ethnicity is ridiculous . 
  as i said before : i wrote it 3 hours ago and that information was n't immediately available . 
  but he 's attacking nationality without any reason . 
  haha , good point it should be : '' the lorry is owned by slovakian company hyza . '', 
  sorry for that, 
  czech tv gentlemen !, 
  you 're talking like taking care of children is a bad thing . 
  oh , that 's better for our country , we do n't have to worry that our senior minister has something to do with that , but still it is a tragedy . 
  i have no idea , i have n't bought that newspaper . 
  should grammar change ? 
  czech newspapers from today inform about this : http://data.idnes.cz/nocache/newspaper/mfd.jpg https://cs.publero.com/reader/74290 both are saying that hejnov\u00e1 ( athlete ) won a gold medal in beijing . 
  pr\u00e1vo also informs about progress in '' nagyov\u00e1 case '' and mf dnes says no one can not get presidential pardon from president milo\u0161 zeman . 
  i think the reason why non-english speakers have different topic on the front page of newspapers is that we did n't click and read about it enough on internet . 
  we did n't engage that much as americans , britons or australians . 
  what ? 
  this is ridiculous if it 's true !, 
  i know , it 's horrible , i 'm sorry for them . 
  so , what about going to wikipedia and reading something ? 
  look , 50 people in a truck + food ? 
  there was n't any food just people . 
  this truck is owned by hyza , company owned by agrofert and 100 % of agrofert is owned by the czech finance minister andrej babi\u0161 . 
  for example because of heat ? 
  fun fact : the lorry owns slovakian company hyza .
