europe what the hell are you doing ? 
  seriously . 
  hello people . 
  there are some web sites that do n't let me view the page when my adblock is on . 
  is there a way around ? 
  an example is ; http://www.telegraph.co.uk/, 
  oh my god this is amazing !, 
  i 'll try that thank you . 
  since op replied to his comment , you can check op 's comment history . 
  you 'll find it there . 
  you are famous at / r/iamverysmart my friend . 
  aah i misunderstood what you wrote then . 
  i 'll check it out thank you for informing . 
  but the earth will probably be dead in 50 years . 
  we might not live long enough to see that . 
  why ? 
  edit : i understood now . 
  took me a while . 
  she was 14 years old when that happened and she was arrested . 
  i do n't think that she is a moron , she was unaware of how serious this kind of joke was and did n't think it would have scary consequences . 
  i blame her parents more than her . 
  she should have known that these things should n't be joked about but i would n't call her a moron . 
  she took her lesson . 
  edit : looking at the discussion below , i think this entire thread belongs to / r/iamverysmart . 
  edit2 : people misunderstand what i 'm saying . 
  look , i 'm ** not ** defending her actions . 
  i also think that what she did was wrong . 
  but i 'm opposing to lynching a 14 years old girl for a stupid mistake she did . 
  everyone makes stupid mistakes , she did a very stupid one and got her lesson . 
  being this hostile to a 14 years old kid is sick . 
  she was 14 in 2014 and she was dutch , not american . 
  i 'm not saying that what she did was right , i agree with you that she should have been taught better . 
  by her teachers and parents . 
  but i mean come on everyone do some stupid things at 14 . 
  she made a very stupid thing and got her lesson . 
  calling her moron for that would be too much . 
  that 's not how objectivity works . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  all i 'm saying is she is not a moron in my eyes . 
  fine if she is to you . 
  that 's none of my business . 
  shhhhh everyone in this sub is a genius that did n't make any mistakes in their lives . 
  so that gives them right to declare anyone a moron . 
  you can search her twitter adress in google to find a lot of information about this . 
  i learned it that way too . 
  i already said i think what she did was bad . 
  but i do n't agree with people being so hostile to everyone . 
  not only in this thread , in all the others too . 
  she did a mistake at 14 ? 
  let 's lynch her , burn her call her a moron , tell her to kill herself . 
   ive made a lot of mistakes . 
   source ; have fucked up a few times . 
  all i 've been sayin for hours was one should n't be called moron for their mistakes ... 
  i agree that it 's inappropriate . 
  i already said this . 
  going on there means that people think he is being an annoying smart-ass . 
  people there on that subreddit insulting everyone is not nice . 
  but people claiming they are smarter than other people and calling other people things like ` lesser minds ' is not nice either . 
  i agree with them when they make fun of someone who says that he is smarter than other people . 
  or when they make fun of someone who insults other people by calling them stupid/lesser mind . 
  sometimes by directly saying these or hinting these . 
  but i do n't agree with them when they make fun of a normal guy who just say anything intellectual . 
  in this scenario , this guy is hinting how smart he is and how this reminder is for stupid people . 
  i mean i have no idea how to code or anything , i 'm a very basic computer user and this guy just comes and says `` pff using this is for stupid people i can do that by these cods and these things . '', 
  i do n't think he is so innocent here either . 
  he is clearly trying to show off . 
  that 's a fake account . 
  real one has a _ at the end and that account is suspended . 
  that 's scary . 
  wow . 
  racism ? 
  checked . 
  sexism ? 
  checked . 
  what 's next ? 
  i took a look at your comment history . 
  yes . 
  keep that behaviour in real life too . 
  i 'm not a traitor to europeans because i 'm not european . 
  did you try tipping your fedora ? 
  according to these people , your ancestors needs to be born in scotland since the beginning of the evolution . 
  like from one cell in the sea to modern human . 
  well humanity started in africa , then migrated to other parts of the world . 
  so you 're african . 
  what does this has to do with the conversation there ? 
  why do you ask ? 
  thanks . 
  such humor . 
  i 'm impressed . 
   also it is mandatory that you do not limit what you say because you might think it 's offensive , 
  yeah sure . 
  i wonder how you 'd react if someone made racist comments against whites . 
  let 's try and see . 
  what is the use of learning that language ? 
  i understand when they learn japanese that totally makes sense . 
  but a language that will never be useful in any way ? 
  what does mra mean ? 
  i did n't understand what you said . 
  maybe my english is n't good enough i do n't know . 
  is this the author 's note ?
