  totally approve, 
  i do n't think she speaks with a nilfgardian accent . 
  remember how the emperor speaks ? 
  or that guy who wanted to marry ciri ? 
  or those twins ? 
  none of them had accent like that . 
  besides , should n't she have lost her accent over time by living among all the regular speaking people ? 
  this channel lost its charm . 
  got boring now . 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  i 'm celebrating every day i survive in this country . 
  genuine question : why should it bother me if facebook is tracking me ? 
  oh my god i want this, 
  w. . . what if i 'm speaking spanish ? 
   tbh im honored that you guys think my acheivements are so oitstanding that yall think im lying !, 
  do you really think that that 's what this post is about ? 
  what an interesting event i 've never seen anything like this before . 
  totally newsworthy . 
  poor armenians . 
  they even tried disguising as ukrainians . 
  i 'm not a genocide denier but i think people should n't be banned for denying it . 
  knowing erdogan , i think it would be / u/eesti _ with_a_bounty_on_his_head, 
  i hope we all just die . 
  i did n't really understand what you mean . 
   it 's the turkish government that is trying to censor discussion of it , not the mods, 
  it 's both . 
  our government bans the acceptance and the mods band the denial . 
  i 'm not happy with either of them . 
  well you actually do moderate to make people happy but hey . 
  i did n't say they have to do anything . 
  it 's just you said mods do n't censor and i said they do . 
  i 'm not saying this a complaint or as a good thing or a bad thing . 
  it 's just a fact that they do . 
  yes this is what i mean . 
  you moderate to keep this sub civil and organised . 
  why ? 
  so that users of this sub can enjoy the sub . 
  so that people have a nice sub to hang out . 
  so you actually do moderate to make people happy . 
  it may be for a cost of pissing other people of course . 
  but your efforts to make this sub a good sub is for the best of community is n't it . 
  this article has a very heavy english i ca n't understand anything . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  thanks i understand now . 
  genuine question : which one is worse , denying it or accepting it and being proud of it ? 
  those people who will not accept to have their turkish pride hurt , they will either deny it or be proud of it . 
  they now choose to deny it . 
  edit : i 'm sorry this is beginning to be very off topic . 
  you can delete the comments if like . 
  it actually is . 
  think it like this . 
  you do n't want your pride hurt . 
  so you will either deny it despite the facts or accept it and not feel bad about it . 
  if you say you accept it and do n't feel about it , you will be the bad guy undeniably . 
  so you will just deny it . 
  i genuinely think that a lot if people relize the existence of the evidences but deny it regardless . 
  i am not opposing to what he is saying , you know this right ? 
  and yes , you do whatever you want we know this already . 
  possible jpaolo reply : we do whatever we want end of the discussion . 
  i would love to visit there . 
  i love those kind of lonely places makes me think of suicide . 
  i do n't have any money to go anywhere though . 
  you mean madrid - seville - granada - barcelona ? 
  the buses are cheaper than the train right ? 
  i think i will use train for long distances and bus for the short distances . 
  are there trains and buses every day ? 
  and do tickets run out quickly ? 
  will i have to buy my tickets several days earlier ? 
  and which bus company would you recommend ? 
  i do n't have a credit card . 
  i have an atm card only and probably wo n't be able to buy tickets online . 
  are there offices to buy train tickets with cash or is it only online reservation ? 
  well madrid and barcelona are must . 
  and i can change my route to bilbao from seville/granada if bilbao will be more interesting . 
  however , do people speak mostly basque in bilbao ? 
  since i also want to practise my spanish , i would prefer seville to bilbao if people in bilbao do n't speak spanish so much . 
  what do you think ? 
  thanks a lot for the help . 
   i 'm an arab the problem is n't the immigrants . 
  yes it is . 
  crush a prince rupert 's drop without breaking it 's tail . 
  tail is the thing which keeps it strong . 
  it should be hosted in a place where participants wo n't get robbed and murdered . 
  this is not too much to ask right ? 
  i 've seen enough news and videos to make my mind that brazil is dangerous for participants and audience . 
  i saw many people getting robbed and beaten when they tried to defend their belongings . 
  no one says let this be a first word countries circlejerk but brazil needs to take some fucking responsibility . 
  and why do you automatically assume that my only source of news is / r/worldnews ? 
  it is n't that big a deal . 
  it 's the same language . 
  most of the differences get to be visible on more advanced levels . 
  for learning the core language it does n't matter . 
  besides , learning a few different words from different dialects wo n't hurt . 
  it 's your choice . 
  i 've never been to basque country i only met a bunch of them ( 7-8 ) in a youth hostel in poland and they all were extremely friendly . 
  i ca n't answer your questions but this part took my attention :, 
   i also heard that they tend to hate americans a lot because they `` should have learned spanish in high school . '', 
  good lord . 
  do not come here if you are american . 
  i 'm sorry but americans do that all the time .
