  i 'm honestly surprised by syria . 
  did you draw this in paint ? 
  looks too good to be drawn in paint . 
  what a nonsense . 
  is this art style allowed ? 
  i thought shadings were not allowed . 
  to me , andalusian and standart madrid accent . 
  andalusian because of the music and i had a flatmate from andalusia when i first started learning spanish . 
  and madrid accent because learning resources for spain 's spanish are in this accent mostly . 
  so i hear these accents most . 
  sorry i did n't understand you . 
  what is that you 've never heard before ? 
  flatmate ? 
  maybe they built the rail road on the designated street so it can serve both purposes . 
  but are n't these different things ? 
  roommate is the person you share your room with . 
  this means that you both sleep in the same room . 
  but flatmate is the person you share your flat with . 
  everyone has their own room in the same flat . 
  american english does n't make sense sometimes . 
   who is that person ? 
  you can use this website to find answers to a lot of questions, 
  do n't give me fish . 
  teach me to fish . 
  also name writes on the title . 
  so i thought he was asking who is zayn . 
  noted . 
  you 're welcome . 
  ask me if you need more awesome websites . 
  trump voter right there . 
  you learn really fast . 
  proud of you . 
  i 'm turkish . 
  i like the map . 
  stop being overly sensitive for fucks sake . 
  i 'll upvote everything in your profile . 
  holy shit . 
  if that was in europe , mom would be arrested . 
  edit : people ask why . 
  because i see the news about refugees in europe molesting children and parents not being able to do anything about it or sometimes getting arrested for it . 
  it was an exaggeration of this situation . 
  i 've never been to germany . 
  really ? 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  someone please explain . 
  aaaaaah . 
  thanks . 
  / r/europe keeps banning people number will grow . 
  in 10 years europeans will start immigrating to argentina and uruguay . 
  syria is a good alternative to sweden right now . 
  i want you to destroy countries emotionally fvblt :(, 
  did you just teach a brit his own language ? 
  which roma ? 
  [ that one ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romania ), 
  this is old . 
  i remember when it was on the news . 
  it was 8 years ago . 
  but the point is to * free * the words from unnecessary letters . 
  ` murica . 
  yeah all these subs are the same . 
  they ca n't tolerate any other opinion than theirs and you are the fascist one . 
  john cena, 
  hmm opressed siberian minority in america . 
  also this is very very basic but : blanca - not black - white . 
  and since english is n't my mother tongue , i mistake these things even more . 
  learning spanish is making my english worse :(, 
  i think you should n't be obsessed with that . 
  just pronounce it however you can and it will improve with time without you noticing it . 
  my pronunciation was terrible when i started learning english . 
  i never specifically practice pronunciation . 
  in time , with listening a lot and trying to speak a lot it just improved somehow and i did n't even realise it was getting better . 
  people can understand you so do n't over think it i say . 
  so shooting a video in public and putting on the internet is illegal ? 
  like a video on the streets ? 
  so this means that if i shoot a video of a person specifically and put it on the internet , that 's illegal . 
  but let 's say i 'm shooting a madrid tour video and basically walking around the city with a camera , then i 'm fine . 
  is that right ? 
  and if police sees me holding a camera and walking around with it , they will do anything about it ? 
  i 'm asking these because i 'm planning to do lots of recordings when i visit spain . 
  at this point i 'm just laughing at news from sweden . 
  it 's so fun . 
  this catalan pride is so stupid . 
  why ca n't people speak whatever language they want ? 
  i just do n't like how selfish they are . 
  of course i also defend the idea of protecting a language but that is not the right way to do it . 
  if spain forced everyone to speak spanish , they would be pissed off . 
  but they do n't see anything wrong with catalonia forcing everyone to speak catalan . 
  if someone does n't want to speak spanish , he does n't want to speak spanish . 
  if someone does n't want to speak catalan , he does n't want to speak catalan . 
  are you even serious ? 
  no one is complaining about an imaginary problem . 
  what i wrote was a questioning to their policy . 
  as `` catalan pride is stupid . 
  why according to them , people should n't be allowed to speak whatever language they want ? '', 
  understand now ? 
  edgy . 
  by the way i wonder what would happen if they made the law and someone refused to obey it .
