  and you still think that western way is better even we are so close to extinction . 
  no they did n't hunt by setting forests in fire . 
  i mean their intention of burning forests was n't hunting the animals inside . 
  aboriginal people systematically burned forest in order to create grassland , and then using fire to maintain and refresh that grassland . 
  they then used this grassland for huntings and living conditions . 
  but i honestly have no idea how this affected the species . 
  do you have any source on the extinct species ? 
  i will google it later thanks . 
  i do n't know about their motives i 'm guessing that their intention of killing was to get their basic survival requirements fulfilled in contrast to westerns . 
  but i 'm just guessing i will read about it . 
  there there, 
  ooh that explains every problem ever . 
  pack up boys we are leaving . 
  lol in your dreams . 
  besides , there is ( almost ) nothing left from the byzantine constantinople . 
  i do n't know why would anyone want it `` back '' . 
  as a turkish guy i would n't be surprised, 
  in my opinion , aiming for an accent does n't make any sense . 
  purpose of the languages is to communicate and if this is achieved , that 's all that matters . 
  when i was learning english , i just watched stuff from u.s , u.k , canada australia and i pronounced things however i could . 
  result : i can speak english . 
  i think not limiting yourself to one accent or dialect would be better for learning . 
  can we have the nice guy canada as a flair ? 
  ... how did you find this 18 days old thread ? 
  10 years ago , you could say these on tv in turkey but not in egypt . 
  now , it 's the opposite . 
  i never understood why people watch these stuff . 
   you 're pun is bad and you should feel bad, 
  your *, 
  i 'm turkish too . 
  can confirm . 
  of course it is not the deciding factor but i want to make all the procedures in the best way i can . 
  including this letter . 
  thank you for the reply it 's a good idea . 
  it does n't specify anything . 
  it 's not because of the requirements , i just want to impress them better to increase my chance of getting accepted . 
  if a bad spanish would be better than good english , i would write it like that but yeah i should probably do it two languages . 
  there is unlimited space . 
  like everyone suggests , i will probably write the first part in spanish and then switch to english . 
  you can search for latin american spanish on the internet and have plenty of things to listen to . 
  since they are all american . 
  how can these pieces of metal do science stuff that works our computer ? 
  hmm i can recommend los minidetectives . 
  it 's in castilian spanish , it 's for children and it 's more text heavy with simple drawings . 
  i bought it when i was a beginner with the same purpose . 
  since i did n't read any other comics in spanish , i ca n't compare it but yeah it 's okay . 
  it 's a series of 3 books . 
  declare independence . 
  came for the grammar , stayed for memes . 
  i wish everyone had one re-roll option . 
  then i would n't have to sit through a boring game for 30 minutes . 
  my spanish is very bad . 
  can i join ? 
  why would giving you phone number to some stranger from another country would be a problem ? 
  i 've never really concerned about it . 
  blarneknek found my new steam name . 
  i do n't want to play games because games are boring . 
  but i want to play games . 
  what should i play ? 
  a few games that i like :, 
  witcher 3, 
  dota, 
  broforce, 
  borderlands, 
  in my opinion a stronger press would make everything more interesting . 
  i subbed here because i like their videos . 
  just like everyone else . 
  found the american, 
  crush a thanksgiving turkey . 
  you can turn them off on windows 10 ? 
  how ? 
  i am very happy that there are no vapers in my country . 
  neither fedora guys . 
  that 's one of the few things that i like about my country . 
  vape is neckbeardy, 
  i do n't know if its macho i did n't say such a thing . 
  just vaping is neckbeardy that 's all . 
  i knew him . 
  i 'm checking it thanks a lot . 
  wow i can hardly eat 3000 . 
  if i was n't `` trying hard '' i would totally be okay and satisfied with eating approx 1500 daily . 
  when even forcing myself to eat 3000 is very difficult for me , how can i eat more ? 
  i even sometimes get to vomiting point because i ate a lot more than i want to . 
  any suggestions to increase my eating capabilities ? 
  can you check my reply to / u/girl333 ? 
  as i explained there , even eating 3000 is very difficult for me . 
  how can i increase my capacity ? 
  is n't drinking that much milk an unhealthy thing ? 
  as far as i know drinking that much milk messes up your blood amount or production or something like that . 
  i was already eating as much as i could . 
  i was forcing myself to eat until i hated every food ever . 
  at that point , psychological pressure of forcing myself to eat all that food my body refusing to eat was much greater than my desire to gain weight . 
  so i left trying . 
  about the lifting , well i always stuck to the program my instructors were giving to me and they were gradually increasing the difficulty of the exercises every 2 week . 
  so i guess i can say i tried lifting heavier . 
  hahah nice post . 
  text me . 
  make popcorns with it !, 
  i do n't know in which order i need to read the lines . . 
  guys why is the pot in the last panel empty ?
