  can you mark the time of its appearance ? 
  they did in real life too at some point . 
  i ca n't really remember it well but we read about it in history class . 
  will this be a patch or a dlc ? 
  do we have the option to not have this ? 
  sorry i could n't really understand you . 
  what are qq , opm and ld ? 
  and why do i conquer them and release them as a vassal instead of just having the land for myself ? 
  if i get admin idea first , then does n't it mean that i will spend my admin points to ideas instead of technologies ? 
  wo n't it make me fall back on technology ? 
  why do n't i get a diplomatic or military idea group first , then i can go both admin technology and idea at the same time ? 
  what is that event ? 
  what does it do ? 
  how ? 
  is it because the rulers are skilled ? 
  or there is something else too ? 
  thank you for the help . 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm from turkey and i see a lot of arabic tourists walking around with red dotted heads and bandages . 
  it 's just weird and funny how this country became a hair transplant tourism centre . 
   higher technology then you, 
  than *, 
  great video thank you . 
  god damn european history is complicated . 
  thank you for the info . 
  why does your political map look different ? 
  exactly . 
  i started playing civ and after some time ( about 200 hrs ) it felt like it was too arcady and i started to look for more realistic strategy games . 
  now here i am . 
  i do n't understand . 
  what is that ? 
  what am i supposed to do with my life now ? 
  go outside ? 
  f5 f5 f5 f5 f5 f5, 
  its back its back its back !, 
  hello i 'm from turkey . 
  stop being friends with those people . 
  this is annoying . 
  not only in worldnews but in many other subreddits like europe . 
  i remember getting a warning for complaining about religious oppression in my country . 
  everyone says this sub is full of white europeans and americans . 
  am i the only kebab here ? 
  can confirm . 
  i 'm from turkey and our stability has dropped significantly . 
  i personally do n't get offended . 
  i call myself kebab as well . 
  in turkish it 's ' i am hungry ' as well . 
  did you know that i can not die ? 
   some method of fast revoke, 
  i do n't understand what does that mean . 
  my problems with the wc are always these :, 
  * admin points are insufficient . 
  * rebels everywhere . 
  * so much aggressive expansion . 
  * not enough man power for all the battles . 
  * enemies have a ton of allies which makes it impossible for me to declare war on them and win . 
  and how do i stop them from breaking free ? 
  if i feed them their liberty desire will go up no ? 
  i did n't know these thanks a lot . 
  thanks a lot for the info . 
  where can i watch the inauguration ? 
  does anyone have a link ? 
  it 's very difficult to read the texts when outlined fonts are used . 
  please do n't do it people :(, 
  2 reasons . 
  it makes everything seem so crowded and that tires my eyes when i 'm trying to read . 
  look at the 4th panel for example . 
  outlined text placed on the drawings makes it very tiring to eyes . 
  he could have placed the text on an empty area without outlines and it would be perfect . 
  the second reason is that if the type is n't designed with outlines by the designer , adding outlines to a normal font breaks it 's anatomy . 
  and that makes it even more difficult to read since the font is designed with certain proportions and thicknesses etc. 
  when you add outlines to it , it 's a very big fuck you to the designer . 
  i hope i do n't sound like an asshole : / i guess i kinda do . 
  my first inauguration too . 
  i did n't even know how to spell inauguration untill now . 
  if this becomes a comeback ... 
  how many overtimes will be ? 
  bet here folks . 
  let us know when you do . 
  i do n't understand burgundy being artistic joke . 
  help pls ? 
  americans go to iran ? 
  turkey is ruined as well : /, 
  that 's really impressive . 
  i genuinely think it 's cool . 
  totally spoilers from the preview image : /, 
  and this is the fixed state of the religion . 
  it was even worse on launch . 
  civ vi made me look for another strategy game and discover eu4 . 
  i never looked back . 
  i recommend it . 
  is the von habsburg spawn completely coincidence ? 
  or do they get a secret bonus about it ? 
  in almost all the games i played i saw habsburgs spread their dynasty to minimum 2 other great powers . 
  in my current game it 's spain and russia . 
  castilian is like arabs trying to speak latin . 
  he already did that, 
  crush a chicken . 
  or turkey . 
  yeni is new,
