  they would fine him for speaking spanish in spain ? 
  i do n't think that 's an original work from him . 
  someone else made it . 
  this is a glorious day for canada and therefore the world . 
  my point is no one should `` have to '' speak one particular language . 
  the servants must be able to speak both of the languages and speak whatever language people need them to speak . 
  but they should n't be obliged to speak in catalan only until the other person ca n't understand catalan . 
  if you can understand spanish but want to speak in catalan , why ca n't he have the right to reply to you in spanish ? 
  you can understand spanish no ? 
  the point is to converse and get your thing done . 
  if this is achieved , no one should be forced to speak one particular language . 
  shhhh cultural enrichment . 
  these * notes are brilliant . 
  i love your comics . 
  i think those notes were the bigger joke than the joke itself . 
  i mean i laughed at these a lot and i think it 's a very clever new thing . 
  what do you mean ? 
  but i like it . 
  that 's the only thing that matters imo . 
  maybe you can draw it upside down . 
  this time it will look normal . 
  thanks a lot i wish i had a kindle . 
  so when sweden makes lots of songs in english it 's ok . but when it 's in arabic and hebrew it 's not ? 
  yes english is the global language , yes it 's for reaching a larger audience but still it 's an other language . 
  where is your swedish nationalism then ? 
  it 's just music and it can be beautiful in arabic too . 
  do n't make it such a big deal . 
  your reply is n't even related to what i was saying . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  okay let 's see . 
  arabic has lots of more speakers worldwide than swedish . 
  arabic also reach much more audience than swedish . 
  so why is n't it okay like english ? 
  and let 's assume arabic becomes the new global language in 10 years . 
  this time you will be totally fine with sweden competing with an arabic song ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   are you retarded or is this just a pathetic trolling attempt ? 
   for real now . 
  `` i ca n't give you any logical response so i will just insult you like i 'm five years old . '', 
  okay then i 'm done here . 
  please do n't use outlined texts people :(, 
  that would be nice . 
  you are just making excuses to be a racist now . 
  someone serbian committed a crime ? 
  he probably has turkish genes . . from old times . . 
  i guess . . fuck them !, 
  totally good logic . 
  and what about the other one ? 
  does he look turkish ? 
  their names are serbian . 
  they are raised serbian , their culture is serbian . 
  they are serbian . 
  get over it . 
  i love finland in these comics . 
  i upvote anything with finland . 
  put more finland in your comics people . 
  thanks . 
  why do you refuse to believe that a serbian can be a criminal too ? 
  there can be a bad serbian just like there are bad people from all nations and races . 
  relax , no one is going to hate the entire serbia just because two idiots committed a crime . 
   as if calling them serbs was n't bad enough, 
  okay let 's say the first one is a gypsy , the second guy looks serbian enough to me . 
   trying to slander serbia . 
  like i said , having two criminals wo n't slander the entire country . 
   as a serb , i think my duty is to dispel these lies . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  try being you instead of being your race . 
  that might help . 
   help with what , my friend ? 
  i do n't have any problems . 
  i mean , other than having gypsies presented as serbian . 
  i mean you do n't need to spend your time trying to defend serbia on the internet . 
  it 's not really a big deal . 
  people do n't care as much as you think they do . 
  but of course you can do whatever you want with your time mine is just an advice . 
  then why are they living in denmark if they do n't even want to interact with anything danish . 
   also , it 's always a great plus to speak the language of your enemy . 
  no one is going to learn turkish solely for this purpose . 
  lol this will never happen . 
  literally never . 
  i agree . 
  i guess the propose of this ban is to show their political stance . 
  any news about what happened afterwards ? 
  did they get arrested ? 
  do n't forget germany . 
  unexpected things are happening . 
  i 'm not convinced that this will be like how it looks . 
  for turkey i mean . 
  yes you would hesitate . 
  it 's not the same thing as being a keyboard warrior . 
  i do n't need to prove anything , i do n't care about proving anything . 
  i ca n't imagine the effort put into this . 
  amazing and beautiful . 
  but the problem does n't happen when i leave my monitor on . 
  only when it 's off . 
  edit : i am just guessing that monitor off might be related to the problem . 
  it might not be . 
  might have . 
  i tired taking render two times and the same thing happened two times . 
  what might be causing the crash ?
