   it seems to me like you are just making excuses to hate whites . 
  i 'm not hating whites . 
  i never hate whites . 
  i 'm just saying that this way is n't the right way . 
  some people should stop pretending like europe made us all a great good and we all should be grateful to white master race . 
  this does n't mean i disrespect all the great scientists and artists of europe . 
  i adore these people but i 'm criticizing the politics europe . 
  nobel for example had such nice intentions but look how politicians decided to use his invention . 
  you are confusing the will of rich and strong with the will of common people . 
  of course indian and chinese elite will go on with it to keep sucking people 's blood . 
  they want to get richer and richer that 's to be expected from them . 
  same in turkey . 
  % 5 of the population holds the % 90 of the richness and they squash any threat to their throne coming from common people . 
  and humanity might make it through but that wo n't be the exploited poor people . 
  yes this problem is annoying . 
  and when i read news websites this time the language is too heavy . 
  so i 'm reading children 's books or stories . 
  they have simple and proper language . 
  more people would come here if there was anything more than pure racism here . 
  i still like here more though . 
  i 'm not opposing to racism , i 'm saying there should be other contents too if you want more people to come here . 
  i have rights to be on this sub as much as you do . 
  i do n't care if you do n't want me here . 
  that 's your problem not mine . 
  as long as i obey the rules and keep my content related to europe , i can be here . 
  europe here i come . 
  so i 'll be all over europe . 
  anyone wants to meet ? 
  all of these would happen if world ran by basement dwelling neckbeards . 
  well , i did n't pick it . 
  i just happened to born in this part of the world . 
  so i live here even if i like it or not . 
  thanks for sharing that 's great . 
  i found myself singing this song while doing the housework . 
  guy kinda looks like ninja as well . 
  very bad . 
  a lot of people like this unfortunately . 
  by the way , that 's not a woman . 
  not that that it justifies what he did but just a correction . 
  you mean a dancing guy ? 
  this is an assassination not a terrorist attack . 
  the victim is a turkish drug dealer . 
  hello . 
  i 'm confused about direct and indirect things . 
  i do n't understand what is direct and what is indirect so i ca n't understand this . 
  can you help ? 
  i heard about it but to be honest it seem a bit suspicious to me . 
  i do n't know if i can trust it really . 
  do you use it ? 
  okay then thank you . 
  i will try it . 
  this makes us terrorist how ? 
  yes i know . 
  there are many people like that in turkey i agree but when that comment is made under terrorist attack news , it looks like we are getting called terrorists for having a terror attack in our city . 
  you are happy because some turkish civilians who had nothing to do with you died ? 
  you are right . 
  i mostly agree with you . 
  yeah why not ? 
  the way he is holding the mouse is n't good . 
  it will cause him health problems be careful . 
  make his setup more ergonomic . 
  i do n't know how accurate these statistics are . 
  if i went to spain , they would count me as one more muslim in the statistics just because i come from turkey whereas in fact i 'm not . 
  2 shit skin sandniggers are too much for this thread . 
  we must leave . 
  we should ' t disturb glorious white masterrace with our presence . 
  yeah these mods are cancerous . 
  even though everyone hate me here , i still like this sub more . 
  at least people have free speech here . 
  because british . 
  it 's up to you . 
  i think the new flag is ugly . 
  can confirm . 
  i stayed in poland for 5 months . 
  this sub will eventually replace r/europe when there are no more slightly different opinions to ban there . 
  am i the only one who thinks mods of r/europe should n't be allowed here when that day comes ? 
  you typed `` with cousin '' not just `` cousin '', 
  in my opinion european , asian and arabic races . 
  native americans and african tribes were no harming people who were living one with the nature . 
  until their cultures got destroyed . 
  this is not what i meant . 
  i 'm talking about their ideologies towards nature and human , their cultures in contrast to today 's idea of civilization . 
  they did n't want to conquer ( destroy ) the nature like the others did . 
  it 's not their ideologies that is responsible for today 's fucked up world . 
  native american quote goes '' when the last tree is cut down , the last fish eaten , and the last stream poisoned , you will realize that you can not eat money '' . 
  now yes they made sacrifices and stuff to their gods which seem barbaric today but it 's their culture and their ideas of good life/future . 
  you ca n't judge someone else 's beliefs in your belief 's point of view . 
  they are different cultures that 's that . 
  about the wars , i do n't know about them . 
  but i 'm pretty sure they are not the ones responsible for this abomination we call civilization today . 
  also note that i said `` until their cultures got destroyed '' by westerners . 
  are you retarded ? 
  how many times i need to repeat ? 
  ` until they got their cultures destroyed . 
  until the white men interfered . 
  until west fucked them up . ', 
  your stupid racism blinds so much that any reasonable conversion is impossible with you . 
  what a waste of time . 
  the difference is , one is having their needs for living fulfilled and the other is growing an ideology of conquering and ruling the nature . 
  the latter is the cause of the global warming which will extinct the life on the planet .
