  can you pm me her profile ? 
  i 'm on mobile . 
  this an old photo . 
  as far as i can remember , this was during a world cup match between turkey and germany . 
  obama started the sale . 
  as a person that is learning spanish , i went to madrid , sevilla and barcelona . 
  in madrid and sevilla when i tried to speak to people with my terrible spanish , they always smiled tried to encourage me to speaking . 
  in barcelona however , people just gave me bad looks and frowned . 
  so i ended up just speaking english . 
  9gag was full of it last time i saw . 
  hello i care . 
  next time you should say `` nobody except u/bauhaus _ dessau cares '' . 
  how do you do that ? 
  thank you . 
  and how can i take the all lands of burgundy with heritage ? 
  the wiki says it 's always divided between france and someone else . 
  and also is there any other land i can take with marriages or heritages or something ? 
  can someone tell me why everyone hates him ? 
  edit : thank you for the replies . 
  completely agree . 
  hello i came from r/all, 
  can anyone please translate ? 
  edit : thank you all so much for the replies !, 
  so \u00d6mer does n't get the joke and tries to argue about it 's existence ? 
  `` england is my city '' is a meme . 
  just google it and you 'll see . 
  can you tell me the podcasts you listen to ? 
  i 'm learning spain 's spanish i would love to listen to those . 
  cus nobody wants to see marshall no more ... 
  i 'll take a guess without looking at google translate or any other dictionary . 
  you said something like '' i have no idea what you said '' am i correct ? 
  from the similarities to english . 
  i know that jeg means i. 
  `` ikke '' sounded like idea . 
  `` hva '' sounded like have . 
  so in total they sounded like `` i have no idea '' . 
  i guessed the rest :d . 
  yes the real victims are always the innocent muslims . 
  a bit irrelevant but what 's the red panties comments about ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  wait this game have difficulty options ? 
  for this reason , i lost all my respect to them . 
  this is a nice summary . 
  thank you . 
  hmm i guess i get it but still not exactly sure . 
  for example we do n't know if any of them was a good christian therefore we do n't know if any of them went to heaven . 
  what if none of them was a good christian ? 
  therefore would n't `` fueron '' be wrong ? 
   he is n't saying something uncertain , from his pov . 
  aaaah okay now it makes more sense . 
  thank you . 
   it 's been a while since i read don quijote de la mancha . 
  yep i already read it in my mother tongue now i 'm reading it again to study spanish . 
  i love it . 
  since he was talking about knights and such , i assumed it was some form of se\u00f1or but i do n't know either, 
  air is clockwise . 
  the others are counter-clockwise, 
  does it include vosotros ? 
  if not , i wo n't bother . 
  if it does , i 'm willing to give feedback . 
  i asked that because a lot of websites and books i found does n't include vosotros because `` lol nobody uses it anywayss xd '' . 
  i can review the book when i have time . 
  you can send it to me . 
  hello people . 
  i made a 3d scene in maya and left it to render overnight . 
  when i woke up , i saw that my pc is at the start screen . 
  i typed my password and saw that there is nothing on the desktop . 
  maya is n't running , render is gone . 
  it 's like the pc restarted while i was asleep . 
  this happened two times . 
  why is that happening ? 
  i close my monitor because i ca n't sleep with the light from the monitor and i guess closing the monitor has something to do with this problem . 
  i 'm using windows 10 and my pc is a desktop pc . 
  any ideas ? 
  hello people . 
  everything was too small for me so i scaled up my display to % 125 . 
  but things like chrome and photoshop do n't scale up . 
  i scaled chrome 's pages in the options but the interface itself does n't scale up . 
  like the tabs . 
  they are very difficult to see . 
  is there anyone with the same problem ? 
  how can i solve this problem ? 
  hello everyone . 
  i 've been trying to learn spanish at home for more than a year now but i made really slow progress since i did n't take any classes or anything . 
  so , my spanish is still bad . 
  i want to go to spain to learn spanish better so i 'm applying to erasmus exchange programme . 
  one of the application procedures is to write a motivation letter . 
  i will apply to two schools . 
  one of them is in madrid , the other one is in valencia . 
  so what do you guys think ? 
  should i write the motivation letter with my bad spanish or should i write it in english ? 
  which one will be better ? 
  hello everyone . 
  i 've been trying to learn spanish at home for more than a year now but i made really slow progress since i did n't take any classes or anything . 
  so , my spanish is still bad . 
  i want to go to spain to learn spanish better so i 'm applying to erasmus exchange programme . 
  one of the application procedures is to write a motivation letter . 
  i will apply to two schools . 
  one of them is in madrid , the other one is in valencia . 
  so what do you guys think ?
