  there is only one government in the country and the laws are the same in the entire country . 
   then ... why are there so many provinces ? 
  good question ... 
  i have no idea why . 
   is it just like every city gets a province ? 
  yes basically . 
  it makes much more sense the way other countries do it to be honest . 
  but it is what it is . 
  you can see it here . 
  it 's on steam now . 
  for 219 tl ... 
  it 's cheaper even on ttnet playstore what the fuck . 
  even gta v was 180 tl on release day , the wither 3 was 80 . 
  i guess i 'll buy it on g2play but it says it 's region locked to europe . 
  i 'm not sure if they count us as europe or asia . 
  no petra no salt no canal 0/10, 
  can you explain this one ? 
  what is the problem with it ? 
  can you explain a bit further ? 
  the dictionary translates both ` cien ' and ` ciento ' to ' a hundred ' . 
  why is the one correct , not the other ? 
  this post has 0 karma . 
  does this tell you anything , admins ? 
  i do n't know how can spain put up with catalonia . 
  just let them go already . 
  same happened to me when i was in spain . 
  i tried to speak spanish with people and anyone who could speak english replied to me in english . 
  but it might also be the same for them . 
  when i think about it , i want to practise my spanish so i try to speak spanish to them , and they want to practise their english so they try to speak english to me . 
  they might also be getting annoyed when tourists do n't let them practise their english :d, 
  same here :(, 
  but you can not learn a language without really pushing yourself . 
  i would prefer struggling to understand them instead of having them reply to me in english . 
  i like colombus . 
  lock me up . 
  philip is so cool . 
  i already want to convert to christianity in real life . 
  exactly . 
  something is causing production costs to go up in some situations but i ca n't figure out what . 
  exactly same happened to me . 
  and when i finally met him , we were already at war . 
  and he greeted me like nothing happened . 
  good find . 
  i think they originally intended to increase the cost when you build districts . 
  global one has to be a bug . 
  i ca n't imagine playing on the biggest map . 
  everyone founds their first cities . 
  catalonia will never be independent . 
  what was iglesias saying ? 
  any english help ? 
  i want sealand as a city state . 
  9/11 was an inside job . 
  a fish . 
  uncooked whole fish . 
  i just declare war on everyone the moment i meet them so i do n't have to put up with their bullshit . 
  no apostle spam blocking me , no stupid diplomatic requests , no unit wawes on my borders . 
  it makes the ai less annoying . 
  playing in prince difficulty though . 
  i do n't even care about him converting my cities . 
  i just want them to not block my builders , great people and soldiers . 
  i have a great scientist but i cant activate him for 5 turns because fucking apostles are blocking his way . 
  there are great people and social policy cards that help . 
  since it 's prince difficulty , it does n't become a big deal . 
  when thing get too out of hand , i occasionally make peace and get everything together and declare war again . 
  in my experience some of the native speakers like to exaggerate the differences between dialects . 
  i do n't know why but they speak like they are completely different languages . 
  in my opinion , do n't worry about it too much . 
  i 'm learning spain 's dialect too and i have a few friends from mexico . 
  i can communicate just fine . 
  emails, 
  i did n't really understand this . 
  can you explain like i 'm five years old ? 
  then * , their *, 
  i heard this said in a flamenco show in madrid . 
  usually they say only one or two words but sometimes things like that . 
  and i also heard them saying something like `` how good you sing , kid '' . 
  my spanish is pretty bad so i might be somewhat mistaken . 
  what is this fifty points joke everyone is making ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  they are the same language . 
  do n't worry about it too much . 
  there are different slangs and accents and some different words but at the end , it 's not that big a deal you 'll be fine . 
  some native speakers really love to exaggerate the differences . 
  do n't let them discourage you . 
  they did the same to me when i was learning english . 
  i was really worried about the dialects thinking `` if i learn american wo n't i be able to understand british or australian ?? '', 
  it turned out to be just fine . 
  now i see they do the same thing with spanish . 
  you 'll be fine do n't worry . 
   they studied and practiced a really long time to get really good at one very specific thing . 
  they were n't born knowing how to play chess . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the current world champion magnus carlsen played against kasparov in 2004 when he was 13 yrs old . 
  at that time kasparov was the world champion and he was ( and still is ) considered to be one of the gratest of all time , and magnus managed to get a draw with him . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are many more examples similar to this . 
   how are these channels pulling 1,000,000 + views on all of there videos ? 
  their *, 
  by the way , is there an analysis on the `` late game '' of the second match ? 
  like what could magnus have done etc. 
  i watched it but did n't see the press .
