  they come to foreign countries and complain a lot when the local people ca n't speak good english . 
  leave aside trying to speak a few things in the local language . 
  haha caught . 
  he deleted it though . 
  anyone has a screencap ? 
  yeah probably he is so negative that people sense this negative attitude of him and that 's why his interaction with the locals is awkward like this . 
  i will come to spain soon . 
  i will travel alone . 
  any suggestions about how to meet people to chat with them ? 
  my spanish is very bad but i will try my best . 
  thanks for the recommendations . 
  i 'll be staying for a few days in each city so it will be hard to enrol in a course but i will try to speak with people if i can . 
  i do n't have a paypal either : /, 
  so you do think that the tickets for the 10th will run out on 4th ? 
  i just tried it . 
  does n't give me that option . 
  well i just tried buying it with a friend 's credit card and it does n't accept that either . 
  so i 'll have to buy the ticket when i arrive spain : / i hope it does n't run out . 
  it gives an error in spanish saying something went wrong or something . 
  i guess i found the problem . 
  i 'm from turkey . 
  credit cards from turkey might be closed to abroad purchases because of the latest military coup incidents . 
  i tried with many different cards which worked with international purchases before . 
  so i 'll just hope that tickets wo n't run out . 
  i ca n't use paypall either since it 's a headache here as well . 
  because paypal has always been so troublesome in my country . 
  it is not as easy as yours . 
  it creates many problems . 
  and it withdrew from my country officially . 
  paypal is a nightmare in turkey . 
  unfortunately , it 's not an option for me : /, 
  than you i will take a look at that . 
  if you organise anything between 4th and 10th you can count me in . 
  i saw her twitter as well but the last entry is in 2014 . 
  so she actually wo n't perform in november she already performed in november of 2014 . 
  i thought about sending an email but i highly doubt that she can speak english . 
  i will try to send an email with my terrible spanish as the last option . 
  and what about the phone number ? 
  do you know which city does the number belong to ? 
  thank you , i will try the email . 
  thank you for the help . 
  i will try to write an email in spanish . 
  i will be in madrid as the same time you are . 
  i 'm a tourist too . 
  and i will be in barcelona as the same time you are as well . 
  i can join you in city trips . 
  i opened a thread in / r/madrid but no one replied : /, 
  edit : grammar, 
  i will go to barcelona as well and i can join the meet-ups count me in . 
  i 'm a tourist currently in madrid . 
  i 'll be here until 10th so if you want to have a beer before i leave let me know . 
  the logo looks like plane crushing into twin towers . 
  the red arrow is the plane , blue columns are the towers . 
  you guys have a very different interface . 
  how do you do it ? 
  thanks !, 
  it 's like my brother leading the family business :(, 
  why do people say colombus was an asshole ? 
  what did he do ? 
  i only know that he discovered america but i do n't know anything else . 
  someone tell me please ? 
  56 km/h for non americans . 
  yes . 
  i 'm living in a third world shithole country and i 've never seen it here . 
  ahh i was waiting for spain 's reveal for so long . 
  i 'm so hyped after visiting royal armoury in madrid recently . 
  not the spanish inquisition . 
  you have a great prophet there . 
  wow i completely forgot about be, 
  everyone in spain walks around with adidas tracksuits . 
  buy a few pair of those . 
  i understand the canal but i do n't understand the salt . 
  why do people like salt ? 
  this unit cap always annoyed me while playing age of empires . 
  if you look at the ancient egyptian paintings or sculptures , you 'll see they were n't like africans . 
  they looked more like arabs than africans but i guess they were something in between . 
  `` it 's not genocide if the whites are dying '', 
  - leftists in west . 
  probably . 
  yeah sorry for my lack of correct terms . 
  but it 's not only the skin colour , also head shapes as well . 
  also when we look at the reconstructed faces of pharaohs , we can again see this . 
  edit : just to be clear , i 'm not saying they were arabs or anything . 
  just saying that they looked more similar to arabs than they looked similar to black africans . 
  literally unplayable, 
  amazing display of intelligence there . 
  your hands look like robbaz 's hands . 
  wow how did you get 2000 tourism ? 
  cool . 
  it says it includes idioms and such . 
  but which dialect ? 
   if the western society is turning inwards and rejecting people who look different , this will be of concern . 
  she wanted males to be kicked out of the shop . 
  that 's why she was rejected service . 
  not because the hairdresser was discriminating , but because she did n't want to discriminate . 
  discriminating is what that customer and many other muslims do . 
  ( source : i 'm from a muslim country . ), 
  in my last game , at the very late game , morocco finished the space ship only one turn before me and won . 
  i reloaded old saves and tried again and again and still could n't finish it one turn earlier . 
  then i just nuked one of his cities and that made him loose one turn and i won by completing the ship before him .
