  is there a nsfw subreddit for this ? 
  where can i find them ? 
  i 've never seen a spider in my home . 
  i was thinking about maybe getting them from a pet shop but do you have a specific name ? 
  i do n't know what chemicals are they really . 
  i called some companies that deal with these jobs . 
  i will now try sugar + carbonate thing they recommend on the internet . 
  do you have a specific bait in your mind ? 
  thanks . 
  current year . 
  why is n't spain annexing portugal ? 
  it 's right there !, 
  wait can you settle on luxuries ? 
  i always thought settling on them would destroy them . 
  if i settle on a luxury is it worked automatically ? 
  i do n't need to do any kind of tile improvement right ? 
  and let 's say i settled on a gold , do i still need mining technology before being able to use it ? 
  valencians got triggered . 
  but is n't the fog supposed to be lifted ? 
  in all the games i played , there are ice blocks and poles and such . 
  i do n't know . 
  is n't there supposed to be ice blocks there ? 
  at least the fog is supposed to be lifted no ? 
  aah that may be the case . 
  i 'm playing oceania map . 
  it 's the first time i 'm playing this map . 
  is that the case with this map ? 
  i will play as rome and constantly look at my own leader screen to see how cool i am . 
  nowadays he is one of the few game critics i trust . 
  his and angry joe 's opinions will make me buy the game on release or wait for expansions . 
  angry joe more than tb because joe is a bit more strategy player . 
  did catalans do something stupid again ? 
  will there be flairs for foreigners as well ? 
  there was a technology quote something like, 
  `` i shoot an arrow to the air , it fell down i do n't know where . '', 
  tb : it 's because you 're not paying attention you bloody bastard . 
  laughed so hard at this . 
  i ca n't even buy it before a sale because it 's extremely expensive in my country . 
  given that i 'm living in a third world country that 's to be expected . 
  this is disgusting . 
  i do n't really want to bother you much , it 's not that important . 
  i 'm from turkey , you can add the flair when you feel like it . 
  take your time . 
  thank you . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i think those people which i 'm a part of , always appreciate learning abot their mistakes and improving , if the correcting person is n't doing that in an assholish way . 
  in this case the guy is just making a joke and a funny one that is . 
  no need for white knighting for op here . 
   not very constructive to the conversation, 
  were you expecting a constructive reply to the conversation in a `` lol i ca n't wait !! '', 
  thread ? 
   or to the point of showing someone about their mistakes and helping them improve . 
  i 'm not saying that this was his purpose by making that joke . 
  what i 'm saying is , he just made a joke and people should stop finding everything offensive somehow . 
  but will they be available as enemies ? 
  yes . 
  it would be perfect if you used a cursive font which would look like arabic from a distance . 
  that 's not spain that 's moors . 
  they are different things . 
  having spain led by him is like having ottomans led by theodora . 
  you are mistaking spain and iberia . 
  spain is the name of the country , iberia is the name of the land . 
  hello pete i want to ask you something . 
  how did the art team handle the hair and beards of the leaders ? 
  they do n't look like hair cards . 
  is that a procedural hair generation like nvidia hair works or trees fx ? 
  or the hair strings are polygon meshes ? 
  we call him cengiz han in turkish and cengiz is a common name here . 
  so i 've always been pronouncing him like that . 
  it turns out to be true for english as well . 
  please go back to tumblr . 
   the op was hurt by his approach . 
  how do you know that ? 
   you white-knighted in to give, 
  now do n't try to turn this around . 
  i 'm not white-knighting him , i 'm opposing to you two . 
  in the opposition process , i defended his joke . 
  this is n't white-knighting . 
  white-knighting is what you and the other guy is doing . 
  social justice warriors like you just suck all the fun up from any kind of joke or conversation or humorous approach . 
  i 'm not going to let you masturbate your ego by arguing with you anymore . 
  bay bay . 
  it says not available for your region :(, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  our government is amazing ! ^ / s, 
  i just did . 
  thanks . 
  you dun fuck 'd it up !, 
  but will the game be playable ? 
  i mean when i run the game with steam , my region will be obvious . 
  i think it wo n't work that way but i do n't know . 
  that 's because i 'm a prison warden . 
  / u/rxking if you know anything about this , can you inform me please ? 
  thank you . 
  at least now we know that there are no restriction or anything if ttnet has it . 
  we have 81 actually . 
  not really . 
  i do n't know how this works in other countries but here , one province is basically one city with the same name and many other smaller towns/districts belonging to that . 
  all of them has a governor and smaller districts have theirs as well . 
  but these governors are only for managing the local maintenance of the city/district they own .
