  it does n't happen with the monitor on . 
  hmm . 
  how can i test my pc to see if that 's the problem ? 
  that 's my power settings . 
  that one on the top might be it ? 
  but i do n't have sleep mode active on my power settings ? 
  also another screenshot it says critical :, 
  the problem probably is n't the temperature . 
  because that 's what happened :, 
  yesterday , i needed to clean the house and do some shopping . 
  so i thought i could render my scene while i 'm doing my work . 
  so i started the render and left the monitor on . 
  i did the cleaning and shopping and came back after 4 hours and saw that render still needs lots of time to be completed . 
  so i cancelled it and decided to leave it for render overnight . 
  if the problem was the temperature , it would occur during my attempt on day right ? 
  it rendered for 4 hours and no problem occurred . 
  so in this case the ram probably is the problem since i have 8 gigs of ram . 
  any way to make sure that ? 
  previously , i made other small test renders of my scene which took less time than the original . 
  these render times varied between 5-20 minutes . 
  then , after everything is arranged , i increased my quality and tried the final render . 
  that happened . 
  before , i took good quality renders of 2 other scenes with mental ray which took less time than this one and nothing happened . 
  this scene is the first time i 'm using another render engine which is vray . 
  okay i will test this and let you know the results . 
  by the way i still insist on having my monitor off might be related to the problem . 
  because i took renders of big scenes before and nothing happened . 
  every time i took render my monitor was on . 
  but on these 2 failed attempts both times my monitor was off . 
  that might be total coincidence of course but still . . 
  anyway thank you for your help . 
  i 'll let you know of the test results . 
  update : i freed maya from memory limits and run the render . 
  it never uses more than 4 gb of ram . 
  i have 8 on my computer . 
  so the problem does n't seem to be the memory either . 
  my selected option ( balanced ) already had it turned off . 
  the power saver affects me when it 's not selected ? 
  what renderer do you use ? 
  i use vray . 
  i am thinking maybe windows updates have something to do with it . 
  next time i will completely turn off my internet connection before leaving my pc to render . 
  let 's see if it works . 
  i will bash portugal in my first comic if i ever make one . 
  my body is ready . 
  looool . 
  germany wtf . 
  i do n't agree . 
  if someone is born and raised in that culture for 30 years , and if he is unwilling to change himself because of an ideology he has obtained all these years , making stupid videos like this and giving ` how to treat woman ' classes wo n't help anything . 
  he does n't want to change so he wo n't change . 
  the way to make him adapt is to show him scary consequences of behaving in an inappropriate way . 
  the logic is ; he came to germany to have a better life right ? 
  this means that he values his life and has plans for future . 
  if you show him that his life might become a lot worse for a certain behaviour , that might help . 
  but seeing rapists getting prison like 6 months or something makes him feel free to act however and his life wo n't be any worse . 
  he literally has nothing to loose . 
  germany and sweden are just too nice to him so why should he care ? 
  how ca n't bjorn freeze to death there ? 
  i mean finnish people swim in frozen water but they immediately go to sauna afterwards . 
  but bjorn swims in that frozen lake , he has no clothes to keep him warm and there is nothing but snow and ice in hundreds of meters . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  can someone explain why these music videos are called remove kebab ? 
  here two turkish ones . 
  [ a romantic one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbertdmdnzo ), 
  [ i like this a lot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgragu9cp5q ), 
  i share anyway . 
  this post got 2 upvotes . 
  this means 2 people cared . 
  that 's enough for me . 
  and thanks for the global warming by the way . 
  we wo n't have a world to live in 50 years . 
  i 'm glad that westerners brought us the civilization and progress . 
  ** edit : i 'm tired of discussing with 50 different people at the same time . 
  so i wo n't reply to anything anymore . 
  pollution in beijing and delhi are result of global capitalism which is a western invention . 
  caused and discovered the global warming . 
  and rest of the world pollute their stuff thanks to you bringing them civilization . 
  china for example . 
  look around you everything you got is made in china . 
  every single item you buy produced in china , makes you a part of problem in china . 
  west is the inventor of the global capitalism and the main cause of the global warming . 
  you say that westerners work to fight with global warming and yet you keep using every single luxury you got . 
  eating imported fruits , killing the nature for your potato chips , hunting the sea creatures for your beauty products , using child labour for your chocolate ( nestle ) and list goes on and on . 
  you ca n't say that west is working to improve the situation while keeping all your luxuries . 
  thank you a lot . 
  i do n't understand what you mean by saying ` not having agency ', 
  computer is an obligatory object of my life . 
  i have to use a computer and you know why . 
  and global warming is real . 
  i have to use these because they are obligatory objects of the life . 
  capitalism is making me use them . 
  if it was up to me , i would go to nature but how ? 
  capitalism killed the nature and owns the remaining . 
  wherever i step , i 'm in someone 's property . 
  so i have to survive with using computers and internet i have no other choice . 
  i have to . 
   capital ( or money ) was actually invented in china . 
  money is n't invented in china . 
  different civilizations in different parts of the world developed use of money maybe without knowing the others , just like pyramids in egypt and america . 
  but the earliest examples of money are n't from china .
