  should i write the motivation letter with my bad spanish or should i write it in english ? 
  which one will be better ? 
  hello people . 
  sorry my english is n't very good so i might have problems explaining this . 
  what i want to learn is this : how to make past sentences , future sentences , wish sentences , order sentences etc. . 
  but all the resources on the internet are just flooding me with the unnecessary informations that only makes things difficult . 
  i just want a very to the point grammar resource . 
  like :, 
  - the future sentence is made like this :, 
  - the present time sentence is made like this :, 
  - the condition sentence is made like this :, 
  just no overloading of unnecessary info . 
  cut to the point . 
  there is only one grammar book in my country about spanish and it 's extremely detailed . 
  i mean i do n't even know these things in my mother tongue and this book just dives into extreme details on page 1 . 
  so i have nothing but the internet . 
  can anyone help me ? 
  do people really enjoy playing it ? 
  if so , how ? 
  what 's fun about it ? 
  why do n't developers remove it from the game ? 
  i just quit the game immediately if i become executioner . 
  [ removed ], 
  hello . 
  i 've been learning spanish for a year now and i 'm planning to go to spain this summer to practise and improve . 
  but i 'm trying to decide if i should take language classes there . 
  what i want to ask is , are there alternatives to language courses in spain ? 
  some kinds of communities or groups or something like that ? 
  if not , what courses can you recommend for me to take in spain ? 
  i heard that universities provide courses but i do n't really know anything about them . 
  what do you think ? 
  when the new patch arrived , people were very unhappy about the new looks . 
  i just experimented with the dye system and loved it . 
  looks super cool imo . 
  so i wondered what do people who disliked the new gear looks think now ? 
  after trying the new system ? 
  hello everyone . 
  i just finished b&w in normal game mode . 
  now , i want to replay it in ng + to try various different builds . 
  but i do n't want to replay the entire game in ng + since i already played it twice . 
  so does anyone have a ng + save which i can play b&w from the very beginning ? 
  i 'm on pc, 
  i wonder if there is any kind of info on the books about this ? 
  everyone in the duchy speak with regular accent , her sister and all the other characters as well . 
  but only she has a different accent . 
  i mean if she was grown up there , she would speak regular like the others right ? 
  i believe that accent is intentional but why ? 
  hello people . 
  i 'm planning a trip to spain . 
  it will begin in madrid and end in barcelona . 
  i also want to visit seville or granada and valencia . 
  so my route will be either, 
  so my question is , how easy is it to travel between those cities ? 
  is there a train or only buses ? 
  are the buses departing every day ? 
  or should i use blabla car ? 
  can you give me some advice ? 
  i 'm want to bring some cool wines from spain when i visit there . 
  but i do n't know much about airport security things . 
  do you think is it allowed to bring to plane ? 
  edit : thank you to all of you for the replies . 
  hello people . 
  i will visit spain on 4th of august . 
  i want to buy a train ticket from madrid to sevilla on 10th of august . 
  but i do n't have a credit card and renfe does n't accept my debit card as a valid card . 
  i guess this is probably because i 'm not from spain . 
  though my card is a visa card . 
  so i 'll have to but the ticket from a station when i arrive to spain . 
  but i 'm afraid that the tickets will run out . 
  do you think that the tickets will run out in this time ? 
  if so , what do you recommend me to do ? 
  i 'm visiting madrid for a few days . 
  i took a look at the wiki to see if there are any meet-ups but it seems like both the calendar and the facebook page are dead . 
  are there still meet-ups ? 
  if not , does anyone want to have a beer with me ? 
  i 'll travel alone so i would like to meet . 
  hello people i will be visiting spain soon . 
  i 'm a fan of lole y manuel and i would love to see lole if possible , maybe take a photo together . 
  as far as i know , she is in sevilla . 
  i will go to sevilla as well . 
  only information about her i could find is this facebook page :, 
  but there is n't any info about her whereabouts and neither if she is still performing or when . 
  my spanish is n't good so i might be missed some info on that page . 
  does anyone know anything ? 
  hello people . 
  so my problem is , the same photo looks different in different applications . 
  for example let 's say that i 'm watching a film on vlc player . 
  the colours look fine . 
  but when i take a screenshot of that film and open it with windows photo viewer , the colours look washed out . 
  but when i open it with windows photos , the colours look fine again . 
  but when i upload it to facebook , they look washed out again . 
  so different applications show the colours differently . 
  how can i solve this problem ? 
  i do n't know if this will be visible to you but here is a screenshot of my problem :, 
  hello people . 
  i 'm living in a very old building and the building is infected with cockroaches . 
  it 's a big building with 36 flats . 
  we , as the inmates of the building tried everything to get rid of them but nothing works . 
  i always keep my home very clean and never leave food in the open . 
  i tried many different chemicals and sprays , and we even sprayed the whole building and the all of the apartments with anti cockroach poisons but we just can not get rid of them .
