  i do n't get the joke . 
  `` many progress later '', 
  when you realise armenians were the progressive people in the ottoman and country turned into shit after they were gone . 
  it 's the clay where kurdish people live . 
  i 'm refusing to acknowledge the joke . 
  your user name made me like the comic even more i do n't know why . 
  great work !, 
  a group of people which have been living in that area long before turks came in . 
  my body is ready . 
  i 'm a very skinny person . 
  180cm-58kg i 'm here to see the opposite side . 
  this bubble wrap thing, 
  when will spain slap some sense into these catalans ? 
  i never said anything about tanks jesus . . 
  i do n't know about laws in spain . 
  so i do n't propose anything . 
  they can think a way . 
  basic conversations level . 
  i did n't take any courses i studied at home , so i did n't progress so much . 
  but let 's say i can survive in a spanish speaking country without speaking any english . 
  thank you for the reply . 
  fortunately , i have almost no difficulties with pronunciation . 
  i 'm from turkey , our pronunciation is somewhat similar to spanish . 
  all the native speakers say i can pronounce very good despite being a beginner . 
  so i guess this is encouraging . 
  but i will go there for one and a half months i do n't where to make friends really . 
  i will try . 
  any advices ? 
  i 'm thinking about madrid . 
  i 'm think about going to madrid . 
  in this summer holiday . 
  and any ideas how i can find these language groups ? 
  i 'm planning to be in spain for one or one and a half months . 
  in this time , i would love to visit museums and art galleries and touristic stuff . 
  of course the language is the number one priority but side stuff will be good as well . 
  i think i will try private academies for the language lessons depending on the time period of the course ( and the price ) . 
  i am not going to hang out at the expat communities that 's for sure but i 'm also a bit socially untalented person . 
  it will probably be difficult for me to find some people to hang out with . 
  i ca n't open the video it says private . 
  bush . 
  ` murica !, 
  gwent book is a disappointment . 
  it only says how many cards are obtainable in which area . 
  that 's all . 
  maybe because i already failed the collect them all quest but still i want to collect more cards . 
  i. . . i think they are not bad . 
  i used yellow on wolf trousers , purple on boots and turquoise on the gloves . 
  chest armour is red . 
  it looks awesome in my opinion . 
  i do n't get it . 
  can someone explain ? 
  just tried and he does n't die . 
  bees do n't harm him . 
  anyone got the same problem ? 
  edit : turned out i need to meditate outside of his place 's borders, 
  maybe it is n't close enough ? 
  and try meditating outside of the fence . 
  he will start dying after first meditation, 
  same bug here . 
  update stuck it does n't progress . 
  what polish tale ? 
  i always mix colours . 
  like red on top yellow on gloves etc. 
  and i call the others `` boring geralt '' . 
  boring geralt suits more to him , `` clown geralt '' suits more to me . 
  anything related to japan in any way is neckbeardy . 
  your save files are in :, 
  documents/the witcher 3/gamesaves, 
  you can upload it to dropbox or google drive or anything else and i will be able to download it . 
  thanks a lot . 
  i did n't understand what you mean . 
  what i 'm asking for is a ng + save which all the quests are done and ready to play only blood and wine . 
  i guess you got it right the first time , 
  are you sure it 's the right file ? 
  my saves are only 3 mb each . 
  sorry link does n't work . 
  you need to right click the file on your drive , click share and then click `` get shareable link '' . 
  that link will be the correct one . 
  i just took a look at the saves . 
  it 's perfect !, 
  thank you so much . 
  by the way , who did you romance with ? 
  this could n't be any better . 
  everything i wanted is there . 
  two brothers , running from isis and zika and all sorts of things the movie !, 
  hacia : towards, 
  hasta : until, 
  i will drink my wine from your skull . 
  thank you . 
  i hope i can get it this time . 
  i did n't get it until i read the comments :(, 
  i do n't get it, 
  this is a good game . 
  you say `` world '' when you are talking about our home which is inhabited by humans . 
  you say `` earth '' when you are talking about that third planet in solar system which contains carbon based life forms . 
  example : i hate this world i want to die !, 
  example : 3/4 of earth 's surface is water . 
  i own the nasa but i just prefer consoles . 
  sorry to inform you but for rest of the world , 4th of july is just another regular day . 
  did n't read .
