  i think that 's a very scary enviroment for people to live in - and it shows in how they are voting , it shows in crime rates , it shows in demographics and it shows in extremism . 
  these parts of germany have been left behind . 
  i can agree there partially , because i * do * think it 's getting better overall . 
  for example [ eu funds ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/mycountry/de/index_en.cfm ) help a lot there even though it 's a bit of a cheeky way of increasing german spending on the area without people really knowing about it . 
  i think with continuous investment and commitment i 'm not afraid of the general quality of life being improved - hell , it already has massively over the years . 
  the major issue i see is that ( analogue to e.g. 
  eastern europe where you see similar things but much more drastic in nature ) the general sentiment does n't seem to align that easily . 
  maybe it 's their drinking water , maybe russian propaganda , maybe it will only slowly solve with education and time . 
   we 're still paying `` solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag '' and no end seems in sight . 
  [ no end ? 
  ] ( http://www.wiwo.de/politik/deutschland/solidaritaetszuschlag-finanzminister-schaeuble-will-solidaritaetszuschlag-ab-1-januar-2020-abschaffen/14585562.html ) it should also be noted that it 's a 55:45 [ issue ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/fileadmin/_migrated/content_uploads/dt1308_bericht_01.pdf#page=8 ) in polls . 
  there is n't even massive support in favor of getting rid of it . 
   he wanted to define himself through the unification citation needed . 
   however of course the people wanted it aswell . 
  telling them re-unification was n't the best option would have probably not have been understood . 
  it 's almost like this should n't be a footnote but the main explanation . 
  sometimes it 's a good thing that overall petty squabbles like `` does this cost a few more bucks ? '', 
  are n't put above simply doing the right thing : in this case the will of the people to unite peacefully . 
   is a very small time period in which i doubt a lot can happen i do n't doubt that at all . 
  these two weeks should mean overtime left right and center for security forces . 
  * now * would be the time for terrorists to become active if a le pen win is in their interest , which it undoubtedly is . 
   something the spd or gr\u00fcne could definitely do . 
  i could see that !, 
  what i doubt is that they could do it together with the left who is so openly against it . 
  no worries , all good . 
  i found it more amusing that you took me serious and tried to not be a dick . 
  i do n't think i 'd have that composure if someone actually argued that some alliance between those countries led by right-wing populists + putin is a good idea . 
  it also means you 've probably read worse today so i 'm glad i missed whatever that was . 
  shhh , i do n't blame you since it 's not always clear these days but i was being sarcastic . 
  i was hoping the ` axis ' and ` peace in our time ' gave it away . 
  sorry friend , i meant no harm . 
  welp , does n't look like that guy is up for debate for a while . 
  i 'm not sure whether that 's good or bad . 
  m\u00e9lenchon vs macron would have been cool , but i guess this one works . 
   that 's the coalition of completely inadvisable wars . 
  i do n't see the issue with all nations that have nukes apart from china working together under an american-russian axis . 
  sounds like something that could ensure peace in our time since * everyone else * are evil warmongers . 
  if you think that 's the best possible candidate that represents yourself the most at this point ( or stands the least for policies that might cause irreparable damage to what you actually would want ) , that 'd be the smart thing to do . 
  i guess if it 's * really * 50:50 you might as well abstain , i 'm just saying that that should be the exception rather than the rule . 
  it 's rare that there is n't a better of two evils . 
   and while i ca n't see le pen working for the interest of the people i care about , i do n't see macron doing so either ( in a different way ) then ask yourself : `` which of the policies of these two are more likely to cause irreparable damage to what i care about ? 
  does any of them want to do things that might make what i * actually * would see as my ideal impossible ? '', 
   i also think that , while le pen could very hardly get anything close to a majority in the parliament ( and so could hardly pass anything ) , macron can . 
  i see where you 're coming from but i think that 's a highly questionable view because you 're suddenly pro-obstructionism . 
  in this case ( since a 50 % majority is the absolute exception ) if everyone would think like this * no side * would ever be able to push forward . 
  i think looking at the us over the last ten years is a good perspective on how damaging permanent obstructionism can be to a nation . 
  ( or absolute majorities for that matter . 
  fuck two party systems . ), 
   also about `` your vote count '' : you have to get that it 's not what people heard in france since a few months ; if you read as i did pretty much all day long witnesses in different medias , you would be pissed off as i am about the `` i wanted to vote for < insert name  but i ended up voting for macron because it 's the useful vote '' . 
  look , i can understand it rattling you but usually all sides are annoying in some way shape or form because they want to grow . 
  i have ( almost ) the same disgust for the german far-right as for the german far-left as i do for radical islamists . 
  / r/de is rather easily far left and it 's rare to not get contested for a lot of issues . 
  but letting that influence my vote or my perspective beyond trying to understand where they 're coming from and checking whether maybe their position sounds smarter than mine ? 
  fuck no . 
  if i for some reason ** had ** to make a choice between those extremes i 'd go far left over far right over religious extremism . 
  but even when it comes to two lesser evils i need to let my own personal beliefs and values guide me and not some form of `` but they bitched at me so far ! '', 
  - that 's just childish and negative in nature . 
  you might be able to imagine that from my perspective if i had to pick between some comparatively centrist guy like macron and the far-right that 's pretending to be all cool and hip and innocent for me that 'd be an easy choice . 
  buuuut , you 're not me so , whatever . 
  look at proposals , look at the people , look at who they associate with ( did i mention le pen is buddies with the german afd and wilders ? 
  does my bias show yet ? 
  =p ) and work from there . 
  just do n't exclude yourself from the process . 
  l i t t e r a l l y. i t t e r a l l y . 
  i understand what you 're saying . 
  to me ( remember , we 're voting parties more than people in germany ) it 's always less about `` who do i want to represent me ? '', 
  but `` who could represent me the most/would be the worst to represent me ? '', 
  opinions are n't black and white and neither can be politics . 
   `` hey , you can vote for whoever you want , but only one vote is useful or else you 're a fascist/you 're the sole accountable for everything bad that may come '' bullshit , people can say what they want but in the end it boils down to your , your vote and your conscience once you 're in the booth . 
  * personally * as an outsider i 'd have preferred hamon over any of the others . 
  but that belief is at least partially founded on believing that the future of myself and future children is in a united europe that works together . 
  i 'd rather see people defend those values together against those threatening them ( which includes islamists ) than stirr up nationalism which never brought lasting peace on european soil compared to the rather new idea of co-operation . 
  if you disagree with that assessment and genuinely believe le pen will make life for you and your children better and more stable - by all means go for it . 
  i just really , genuinely ca n't see that . 
  i could understand brexit , i can understand the afd rising to 15 % in germany . 
  i could not understand trump being the rational choice and i ca n't understand le pen being the rational choice , even though i can see the emotional appeal . 
  but hey , your country , your vote . 
  i 'd just really miss the good-old french-german friendship and crossing the border for cool food in a pinch . 
  macron at the very least is less of a threat to that than le pen . 
  that 's just my 2 cents from one stranger to another tho . 
  tl ; dr : your vote and your opinion matter . 
  agreed . 
  especially in such a spot where * any * candidate has 20 % + of the people behind him it would make sense to actively work to integrate these people . 
  you ca n't just ignore 75-80 % of the voterbase and try to push agendas down their throat . 
  i trust macron to do get this right . 
  because democracy means that we need to compromise . 
  i think it * sucks * in a shitload of cases but flat out deciding that both options are completely equivalent and neither aligns at least partially with your own view does n't help anyone . 
  in that case you let those who are fierce supporters of either candidate decide who governs over you . 
  macron has pretty women , i believe . 
  but yeah , it 's not over till it 's over . 
  i 'd not be surprised if there 's a movement coming from the middle soon . 
  nothing like the fdp/pirates being relevant on the centre-liberal scale is a huge blow overall from my point of view . 
  that kinda thing is really missing good people right now . 
   choose le pen or isis . 
  isis is not a political party in france , it 's le pen or macron . 
  tbh the amount of people who are like `` i 'll vote for neither '' from people in the fillon and m\u00e9lenchon camp that are being shown is scary . 
  let 's hope they 're not representative . 
  `` my favorite lost so now i 'm annoyed fuck this country i 'm done voting mimimimi . '', 
   till october in germany i would n't worry there , it 's gon na be a rather boring question of centre-left vs centre-right . 
  feel free to quote me where i called anyone a nazi .
