  we need to do something !!!, 
  ~ ~ europe awaken !!, 
  ! ~ ~ do n't be afraid of being called a nazi !!!!, 
   to stop salafism , you need to build an alternative establishment that muslims can go to . 
  i 'd argue that comes with the territory . 
  once you clearly say `` this is okay , this is n't '' you give those promoting alternatives a safe space ( ha ! ), 
  to work within . 
  it 's not `` do we promote alternatives or ban extremes ? 
  '' , it 's both at the same time . 
  right now , at least partially , extremes are tolerated while alternatives are n't supported . 
   for example , it may require persecuting individuals for their religious beliefs . 
  no , it does n't . 
  if i make `` getting rid of jews '' part of my religion in germany for example religious freedom does n't protect me from legal action . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries but here religious freedom clearly comes after the freedom of expression/opinion , physical safety and most important of them all human dignity . 
  if someone tries to attack these or other basic values under the guise of religion then religious freedom offers no protection . 
  e :  i 'm curious if salafism going underground will deter terrorism or not . 
  it will deter it . 
  the line ** has ** to be drawn between radical islamists and regular everyday muslims . 
  if anything to avoid the line being drawn further towards people who are n't violent . 
  we need peaceful people of all religions and without religions on the same side . 
  anyone who commits any act of violence ( or makes calls for them ) is a threat that needs to be handled . 
  i 'm for diversity , europe as we know it is based on diversity already . 
  i 'm also against radical islamists as much as i 'm against radical leftists or radical rightwingers . 
  i consider all of them a threat to that very idea of diversity and unity under common values . 
  but sure , someone who says `` diversity is a good thing '' * clearly * wants to sacrifice european values and cultural norms . 
  italians started ww2 anyway . 
  i 'm sure he knows . 
   most commentators said ttip was effectively dead after the election of donald trump and his antipathy to multilateral trade deals . 
  one of his first acts in office was to pull out of the trans-pacific partnership ( ttp ) that had just been agreed between the us and pacific nations . 
  yet there are signs that position may be changing . 
  mr trump is keen for a trade deal with germany , and ttip -- or a successor agreement -- is the only way to achieve that . 
  brigitte zypries , the german economy minister , has said that `` ttip is not dead '' and she is travelling to the us next month for talks . 
  did ... did he pull out of ttip because he thought it 's a bad deal because he could instead negotiate with all the countries individually where the us would have much more leverage ? 
  please tell me that 's not true . 
  fake news , that base was on the north pole and not in south america . 
   https://www.lawfareblog.com/calm-down-trump-did-not-just-relax-russia-sanctions thanks for that source !, 
  the official document that / u/watsupbitchez linked was ( obviously ) much less understandable than this . 
   speaking of empty posturing , do n't get swept up in trump 's statements . 
  if there 's one thing that should be clear to observers of american politics by now , it 's that what trump says is pretty meaningless . 
  it seldom presages a change in policy . 
  focus on actions , and so far , it 's been fairly status quo . 
  yeah , i just had that in other discussions . 
  to be fair it 's weird because the type of leaders of nations where this attitude is the norm is more like what we were used to from kim jong-il or are still used to from erdogan or putin . 
  it feels * really * fucking bad to think of the us president as one of the guys where words do n't mean much . 
  at least in this case there 's a better population and overall system in place to keep the worst of it in check . 
   continuing what was happening before is the path of least resistance for someone unprepared to assume office , so it 's no surprise to see him do so . 
  that ... is a very good perspective . 
  thanks . 
   i mean , a weaker eu ? 
  what does that even mean , exactly ? 
  right now it mostly means pushing the brewing anti-eu sentiment . 
  things like openly encouraging brexit , calling the eu a vehicle for germany , trying to praise individual nations for eu accomplishments or i even remember trying to talk to individual nations for trade agreements . 
  these things show a complete disregard for the union as an institution and aim to fuel existing flames . 
  some of them could also stem from complete incompetence . 
  i definitely agree however , the major threat comes from the east . 
  a big part here is that english speaking media spreading influence is a lot easier to see than some of the russian approaches . 
  i think overall it 's that people expect , especially when it comes to clashing with russia , the us as a clear ally instead of someone who seems to like seeing shit burn . 
   fuck no it 's not expected , and certainly not a virtue . 
  not even his supporters expected it ; most thought he would act responsibly when conducting himself as an actual president-supporters and opponents alike . 
  or to let pence or someone else do that work for him . 
  i assure you , no one foresaw him berating the australian pm or what have you . 
   do you know how well-liked australia is in america ? 
  i really ca n't overstate how appalled people were . 
  australia is at least twice as popular as trump is ; people could n't believe it . 
   there is a reason pence and others go in to play cleanup with nato and so on after trump is rude to them . 
  again , thanks for the good insights . 
  it kinda boils down to what we just had in the other discussion . 
  and to be honest , for example the blowback on the australia comments is something i was n't aware of . 
  a lot of coverage overall in the last few months was pretty much back to back bullshit statements , there usually was n't much time to look around and ask : `` how do americans actually see this ? 
  is that him or them ? '', 
  in general taking him less serious seems like a good idea but on the other hand people in general are unsure how to handle that situation as a whole . 
  sure , ignoring like you suggest with the tweets is possible but it feels extremely wrong to do so . 
  maybe that 's just the german love of authority coming through . 
  =p  european really means german here . 
  i remember seeing a poll where germans viewed america and russia as either equally threatening to the eu , or equally untrustworthy-can ' t remember which . 
  that 's completely unreasonable , even with trump at the helm . 
   i ca n't find it now-it popped up on reddit recently . 
  you 're referring to [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xfwwzkl.jpg ) which talks about `` trustworthy partners of germany '' . 
  the [ most recent ] ( http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/e/e/csm_dt1704_10_7783103270.png ) of these polls showed a slight recovery but not by much . 
  to put it in perspective [ here ] ( https://www.welt.de/img/politik/mobile121660181/3731629677-ci23x11-w960/dtrend-usa.jpg ) is the same thing from november 2013 , after the whole nsa spying ordeal . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.welt.de/img/politik/mobile121660180/2461629677-ci23x11-w960/dtrend-usa.jpg ) is `` satisfied/very satisfied '' vs `` less satisfied/not satisfied at all '' for obama between 2009 and 2013 . 
  overall these polls need to be seen in context . 
  `` untrustworthy '' ( note how russia is around 20 % basically ... always ) means `` how much can we take them by their word ? '', 
  for russia we 're used to the idea that putin says one thing and ends up doing another silently since years at this point . 
  that 's why these polls crashed so hard during the obama administration when the nsa story happened even though overall he was seen as one of the best presidents in recent history , easily ahead of bill clinton and obviously ahead of the bush 's . 
  basically where this `` trust '' in the obama administration dropped to 35ish points the trust in the trump administration dropped to 20ish initially ( remember all these shitstorms after the inauguration ? ), 
  and now climbed back up to 30ish because it 's slowly settling in that despite all the crazy talk there does n't seem to be much crazy * action * . 
  does that put in a more relateable way that 's less `` the german response to trump has been beyond overboard '' ? 
  aight , gotcha . 
  you sounded a bit too much like you 've given up and this is the new accepted norm , sorry for understanding it that way . 
  < 3  also , i think most people expected him to start acting like a president after he was elected . 
  why , i do n't know , but there was that belief . 
  i had some hope there , too . 
  that got crushed rather quickly tho . 
   i have to wonder what tech products we could even license to the fsb , or what they would actually buy from us . 
  makes no sense ; seems like it 's something designed to legitimize software licenses that they already held , but i ca n't really tell . 
  hmm ... yeah , agreed , it 's hard to tell from either source what it actually * means * . 
   if you think that this president 's words mean anything , i do n't know what to say . 
  even his own diehards do n't understand why he 's shifted so much . 
  they 'll still support him unfailingly , but the questioning itself is unusual for them but ... but . .
