repent !, 
  the end is nigh !, 
  what do you think ? 
  also , how is your relationship with your mother ? 
  people hate the connection to communism , as in a lot of red flag waving causes most people to have a bad feeling . 
  but on the other hand , most people tolerate it because it is a work free holiday . 
  the same thing when even the most hardcore atheist dont object too much when celebrating religious holidays . 
  they get a work day off which is a added bonus . 
  so if anything the parole should be `` lazy people of the word unite '' . 
  so there are different pronunciations for the state hamburg and the city hamburg ? 
  you see it black on white . 
  area between drava and danube is rightful slovenian clay . 
  hungarians and austrians please remove themselves from premises . 
  tupac alive , make new album . 
  quick !, 
  hide the ortstafel !, 
  i could use that post 2 months ago . 
  ok , sounds like a decent proposal . 
  but who will make the `` safe ones '' safe ? 
  if you know what i mean . 
  somebody ( or or better said , some nation ) will have to ensure the safety in these zones . 
  who will it be ? 
  the eu ? 
  the us ? 
  turkey ? 
  the un ? 
  so , richard lugner is a less popular version of donald trump ? 
  well , it is kinda genius in its stupidity , germany gets to keep the cheap and qualified eastern european workers and eastern europe gets the financial burden of harbouring migrants . 
  migrants who dont want to stay a safe eastern european country , but the country with the most financial benefits , germany , sweden . 
  but i guess those damn eastern commie europeans are the bad guys for calling the whole situation as it is , bullshit . 
  well , this takes the wind out of my sails . 
  i was trying to banter . 
  didnt we do that ? 
  oh , no you didnt . 
  get ready to feel the thunder . 
  your mother is so fat that when she sits around the adriatic sea , she sits ** around ** the adriatic sea . 
  a croatia-serbia history post ? 
  [ let me take a chair . 
  the economic situation is better then it was between 2009 and 2013 . 
  but still not as good as it was from 2004 to 2008 . 
  from the statistical point of view , the trends and forecasts are optimistic , the popular perception of the situation on the other hand not as much . 
  checkmate atheists ? 
  that cartoon looks crappy . 
  i dont find it really that much of importance what hawking view on politics is . 
  stephen hawking is a physicist , why is media asking him about political science . 
  he is renown on his field but it doestn mean that he is the absolute authority on every topic . 
  would you ask a doctor how to fly a plane ? 
  and i dont mean to trash talk hawking as much as the media , who really dont know who has the most insight . 
  as long your name can sell newspaper you will be ask on every opinion you got even if the topic has no connection to you . 
  legit as fuck . 
  well yeah , its heavy flooding . 
  a lot of sudden water . 
  this came out of nowhere . 
  i totally agree . 
  still someone will have to tell the refugees and migrants that asylum is human right , welfare shopping on the other hand is not . 
   if they seek asylum , any place in europe will do . 
  i dont know where you were the last year or so . 
  but what i gathered from the `` asylum seekers '' that crossed europe last summer , only german or swedish asylum will do . 
  the rest of europe is somehow worse than syria . 
  or the refugees for that matter . 
  nsfw on the internet , but safe for school in real life ? 
  i fucking hate such kind of actions . 
  it gives the impression like they are spoiled brats without any selfcontrol or compromise ability : `` i dont like your political opinion so here is a cake in your face '' . 
  like the activist have the only relevant and true political standpoint . 
  modern day fanatics if you ask me . 
  a moose is loose ? 
  if this is true , then jucker is the biggest fool europe has ever seen . 
  you have failed the nation . 
  and what is worse , you gave croatia the upper hand . 
  pay it to themselves ? 
  those are austrian or thats at least where i bought them . 
  101 percent actually, 
  says one economist . 
  whats with the bavarian police ? 
  wasnt that a simpsons episode , but garbage man instead of mailmen ? 
  man , that text jumps from topic to topic . 
  in the article are not really any syrians mentioned , mostly africans . 
  the syrians probably go through the balkan to germany . 
  about the middle class refugee thing : refugees have access to employment possibilities , they are free to compete on the labour market . 
  if they have skills that will give them the chance to earn money and ensure the middle class lifestyle . 
  also because someone was middle class in syria doesnt men they are they will be middle class in another country . 
  the natives left because they want to earn more than they receive on welfare . 
  to buy more and better things and not live on the bare minimum . 
  the refugees come from countries without a welfare system and are satisfied with being ensured the bare minimum as it is more than they got in the home countries . 
  maybe they or their children will later move for the same reasons as the italians did . 
  basically a maslow 's hierarchy of needs . 
  it says that the native inhabitants left in search of better economic opportunities , which for me means they left because the lack of jobs . 
  i presume the refugees are on welfare and dont have the need to move way . 
  are you surprised about the word or the economic performance ? 
  how exactly should we act ? 
  well , it is the eurovision after all . 
  yes , i agree that the whole middle finger , hearth symbol is a little bit in the tone of `` too cool for school '' . 
  but the whole foreigners complaining about other countries is nothing new . 
  especially in the era of instant social networks where people and agendas are globalized as never before . 
  so you guys go to a burger king or other establishment and feel the urge for a little shvitz ? 
  is that a common occurrence ? 
  sounds also expensive . 
  absolutely , they should rather let celine dion perform . 
  so the future is a `` refugee-based economy '' ? 
  so now we are outsourcing rioting jobs ?
