jumping around on the holocaust memorial in berlin could also work, 
  is the more full reply still coming ? 
  also , i remember reading in the paper many times about berlusconi 's choices in politics and the bad effects it has on the economy , like when he withdrew support from monti 's government . 
  there is no one reason why economies break down , it 's the addition of a whole bunch of fuckups . 
  there is no denying that bad governing , not by the eu but by the national governments , were partially responsible for the severity of the economic downfall . 
  that coat of arms is totally rad . 
  estonia 's current design by far is n't as cool , but it 's still not terrible . 
  you could have some fat old guy on your coins ( like belgium ) . 
  that was hilarious , i think / r/europe can use a bit more humor . 
  edit : added words, 
  that does not seem even slightly suspicious ... 
  it does indeed seem that low [ life expectancy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_life_expectancy ) or ` dying young ' is pretty good for preventing cancer . 
  except if you smoke cigarettes . 
  cigarettes are really bad apparently . 
  it seems to be a bit more complicated . 
  specifically this [ chart ] ( http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/prod_consump/groups/cr_common/@nre/@sta/documents/image/crukmig_1000img-12876.gif ) which i got from [ this website ] ( http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-info/cancerstats/types/lung/incidence/uk-lung-cancer-incidence-statistics ) . 
  ( the numbers are for the uk specific ) . 
  it is not a perfect correlation so there might be something besides smoking that is the cause for lung cancer but smoking still clearly is the major reason for getting lung cancer . 
  on the left there is a menu which allows you to see the data for other cancers like [ breast cancer ] ( http://eu-cancer.iarc.fr/eucan/cancerone.aspx?cancer=46&amp;gender=2 ) . 
  they also have [ country specific stats ] ( http://eu-cancer.iarc.fr/eucan/countrysearch.aspx ) where you can learn what the most frequent cancers are for instance . 
  some things i found interesting is how reproductive organs like the prostate and breast are the [ most likely cause of cancer in the entire eu ] ( http://eu-cancer.iarc.fr/eucan/country.aspx?isocountrycd=930 ) . 
  however , by far the cancer that kills the most is lung cancer . 
  there might be a correlation between the prevalence of lung cancer with [ how much people smoke ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t61ncxc.png ) . 
   the economy was artificially inflated by private debt in mortgages for a while and now it 's somewhat deflating , and now you want to artificially inflate the economy which government debt , which when you say it like that everybody on reddit would go `` omg economy is n't doing great it 's just the government pumping money to artificially inflate the economy '' . 
  firstly i was n't suggesting inflation of the economy when raising government debt . 
  i was criticizing some of the budget cuts , like getting rid of the subsidized jobs for handicapped people . 
  besides that , increased government spending does n't necessarily lead to artificial inflation of the economy . 
  when the money is invested in structural improvements like better infrastructure and better education , then the money is n't wasted . 
  this is the reason governments always have a bit of a deficit . 
  they expect to be making a profit out of the loaned money . 
   it 's too late anyway it 's never too late . 
  i 'm afraid of the fact that the reform in the hypotheekrenteaftrek might not follow through as i stated , since the reform is quite unpopular with the voters . 
  savings banks used to not do risky investments , but instead they mainly went for government obligations which are much more stable than some sub-prime mortgage . 
  deregulation in the 80 's and 90 's allowed these super risky investments , which lead to bailouts . 
  bank supervision has improved , but as we can see with the libor scandal , it is not enough . 
  the repercussions for the mismanagement and such that happened with the scandal are also very meager . 
  there have been several reports ( as least the volkskrant said so ) which stated that the separation of ns and prorail has not lead to any improvement and only more problems . 
  i 'm not an economist , so i 'll try to regurgitate what i 've read and heard . 
  firstly the ` hypotheekrenteaftrek ' which allows you to deduct the costs of your mortgage from you taxable income . 
  this leads to higher mortgages and inflated prices . 
  we have to totally get rid of that . 
  there are currently plans for slowly decreasing it , which is a start . 
  but as we 've seen in the past , this might very well be stopped . 
  secondly , investment banks and savings banks should be separated again . 
  this will make savings safer again , without the need for bailouts . 
  investment banks wo n't be able to take even bigger risks because they ca n't piggyback on the stability of the savings bank . 
  they also are n't to big to fail anymore . 
  the national banks supervision is currently a joke . 
  this institute should be able to properly check what the banks are doing . 
  i also believe that privatisation of certain sectors was n't that good of an idea and should be reversed . 
  for example the train company ns and perhaps some of the privatisation in healthcare ( which might be responsible for increased prices ) . 
  these are some ideas that popped into my head . 
  some of them might be awful . 
  if so i 'd love to hear about why and what the better alternatives are.there is of course a lot more that is structurally wrong in this country , such as the increasing inequality and some aspects of the education system . 
  edit : errors amd missing words because i 'm on my phone, 
  do you not agree that when the government spends less money , builds less infrastructure and lowers the allowances , fires government employees , the gdp will decrease ? 
  of course it is not the entire story and consumer spending is another important factor . 
  but in a country with relatively high taxes and relatively high government spending a decrease in that money flow will have a significant impact on gdp growth . 
  could you give some examples of how the things the finns choose over superficial economic growth ? 
  have there been any major structural reforms yet ? 
  in my opinion , choosing for general improvement or retention of the quality of life should always be of higher priority than just economic growth . 
  however , just economic growth is seen a lot as one of the main reasons for the improvement of quality of life . 
  it would be really interesting to know what a good balance between social and economic policy would be . 
  thanks for this explanation . 
  for the netherlands i know it has a lot to do with decreased government spending . 
  sadly the netherlands is also an example of how low gdp growth does n't seem to cause a lot of significant structural reforms to happen . 
  the government chooses for ` dumb cuts ' over reform . 
  getting rid of work places for handicapped people instead of changing the things that caused the economic collapse . 
  i wonder if raising the debt levels is that bad just to get the economy going again , since actual structural reforms are not really happening yet . 
  calm down . 
  each country has its own problems and certain regions have similar problems . 
  southern european countries get a lot of media attention about how their economies are doing and the fact that they have very high unemployment , the governments are in too much debt and that there are serious corruption issues . 
  those are easy explanations for economic trouble . 
  finland gets attention when it 's about education or as an example of a country with very little corruption . 
  it also does n't have extremely high unemployment . 
  it does n't have these super obvious indicators explaining why it is n't doing that well in terms of gdp growth . 
  a question for the finns : why is your economy still struggling so much ? 
  it was expected for the southern european countries but i did n't see it coming for a nordic country like finland . 
   lol , you guys really went balls to the wall with that whole tolerant , progressive culture thing , you 're even being bigoted jerks to each other now . 
  calm down , it should not be taken too seriously . 
  it 's like joking about the belgians or the germans joking about the schwaben . 
  acutual discrimination would be out of the question . 
  same goes for giving away limburg entirely , it 's funny , but we really like your pies , so it 's never going to happen . 
  we would n't start voting for political parties with intolerant agendas , like the pvv . 
  [ the province who does ] ( http://www.zorgatlas.nl/beinvloedende-factoren/sociale-omgeving/stemgedrag/pvv-stemmers-2012/#breadcrumb ) is really the one that deserves it to be joked about . 
  i was trying to describe the stereotype limburger , seems relevant to why people up north do n't particularly like them . 
  i should mention that giving away limburg is never seriously discussed , only in a joking manner . 
  why people joke about them : in limburg they do n't all speak dutch at least understandably , this makes them different from the north . 
  different is usually seen as bad , so let 's just give them away . 
  also , they were not part of the original seven provinces of the netherlands but they were generality lands , because we conquered them in the 17th century , taking them from the spanish controlled netherlands . 
  it 's more of a stereotype . 
  the leader of our populist party comes from limburg . 
  there recently was a corruption scandal in roermond involving the vvd ( not the only corruption case currently though ) . 
  from what i know the stereotype is that they 're liars and not straight forward like up north . 
  also they do n't really speak dutch , they 're a conquered province and they complain about ` the hague ' . 
  was n't it just a really bad joke he tried to make ? 
  it was very cringy though . 
  we europeans usually call storms simply storms . 
  they actually have pretty dangerous names . 
  the one that is currently over europe is called [ cyclone bodil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyclone_bodil ) .
