`` yo i got nothing so i 'm just gon na repeat this back at you . '', 
  seriously dude . 
  shocking nobody but disappointing everybody . 
  this guy . 
  this guy knows wassup . 
  oh , the electoral college is the most baffling nonsense the us has ever come up with . 
  rich oxbridge twit after rich oxbridge twit after rich oxbridge twit with only the odd racist peppered in to spice things up will probably do that . 
  this wo n't come to violence , right ? 
  they can fuck off , it 's a bilateral agreement . 
  you 'd think he 'd stop * saying * shit like this . 
  uzbekistanians clearly very proud of their superior potassium . 
   my lovely horse i have literally seen bars , restaurants and mcdonald 's full of irish guys singing this song and i had no idea what it was until now . 
  oh my god . 
  apparently not . 
  no , it did n't . 
  the united kingdom became the united kingdom under the 1800 acts of union with ireland . 
  your king was probably german at that point . 
  canada was been independant in all but name for a long , long time , johnny `` french '' . 
  oh and the us did n't get a monetary union because they seceded by kicking the shit out of you in a war . 
  do you have like 10 alt accounts or something or are english people actually that thick that they 're upvoting this garbage ? 
  he 's probably just one of those french-anglophobes . 
  you know the ones . 
  the united kingdom was an english protestant hegemony * cough * penal laws * cough * with concessions eventually made over the period of centuries to the self-determination of the subjugate nations . 
  the eu is assumedly something similar except without the history of military force and with a german/french/uk hegemony instead . 
  ah yes , i hate those * mainstream * religions * throws scarf over shoulder as i read his noodly appendage *, 
   it does n't necessarily represent islam no-one 's claiming he 's speaking for everybody but he 's as good as representative as anybody . 
  interesting reads . 
  fanks !, 
  i 've been looking at the title for 5 minutes trying to figure out what bit surprises me most . 
  but ... that would mean * russia * is in the wrong !, 
  context . 
  oh look i 'm talking about russians . 
  oh look i 'm talking about americans . 
  whoever you are actually talking about , you look like a twat . 
  the problem is the corruption is literally propping the government up now . 
  a handful of people own the entire country . 
  yeah , this article is kinda garbage . 
  speculation that is most likely accurate . 
  oh , the way you phrased that made it seem like poroshenko was offering to surrender . 
  if you 've got low enough self esteem that you think someone calling you on your shit is a fan , then go for it shilly . 
  glad to give you the pick-me-up . 
  i 'm 90 % certain you are aware of the word * context * , and baring that fact in mind i can only draw the conclusion that you want what you already know repeated back to you . 
  the colouring in this map is driving me bananas . 
  haha , i hope your boss paid you this morning pal . 
  putin started this war . 
  putin invaded a sovereign , peaceful nation . 
  putin is arming and waging an insurrection against a democratically elected government that , regardless of what he does , is going to turn further and further towards the eu :-) your boss is an idiot , and the blood of the innocents on flight mh17 is on his hands . 
  you can tell him that when you see him , if you have the balls . 
  what ? 
  ^ where did you * find * whataboutism . 
  and that still does n't make sense . 
  it 's amazing how i saw rinnve 's username and i already knew what he was going to say . 
  well that 's pretty cool . 
  wow , i never knew there was this kind of sentiment in ireland . 
  yay you guys !, 
  do you understand how the eu , it 's sovereign nations and their armies work at all , or do you seriously think the most stable and storied continent on earth relies on fucking nato for everything ? 
  it 's an internal message trying to imply that russia is more powerful than it actually is . 
  the only reason it 's posted here is because vigorous is a weirdo shill . 
  it is n't , of course . 
  it 's entirely dismissible propaganda garbage and is on nobody 's radar . 
   it 's irrelevant who was the person responsible of setting the city on fire ... are you drunk ? 
  because this is the forum you 've made . 
  it was n't like this before your ultranationalist , warmongering cheerleading . 
  but now , hey , want more ? 
   meanwhile in ukraine ... and they mad at crimea for `` betraying '' them  propaganda paid for by the american taxpayer  i 'm crying ( actually , we can just say `` any / u/sonofafrica post is going to be a bigotted mess '' ) there 's no thread title bitching about / r/europe or / r/worldnews on the front page this time . 
  what , slow news day in the ultranationalist neo-nazi community ? 
  i 've seen you delete posts that had reference to russia 's invasion of georgia and their continued illegal occupation of both it and crimea . 
  i 've seen you ban people for posting about russia 's invasion of georgia and ukraine . 
  i 've seen you ban people for stating stalin was last century 's biggest killer - whether he was or not was irrelevant , you felt you could ban people for holding opinions you did n't like . 
  and you 've filled up / r/russia with threads like these :  tv rossija 1 emitted movie saying 1968 intervention in czechoslovakia was justified !, 
  because nato was going to invadethem , and they were nazi . 
  anyone actually be lives it ? 
  ( which is , of course , filled with people saying yes )  neo-mccarthyism and the us media the crusade to ban russia policy critics  saakashvili , who has been charged with numerous crimes against georgian people , has been appointed governor of odessa , where neo-nazis burned people with impunity . 
  deep symbolism of kyiv-style democracy , which the west is still observing with shameful amiability , '' - dolgov you 've reduced a national subreddit to a hothouse for bigots and neo-nazis . 
  shame on you . 
  fuck dude , in / r/russia western posters get banned for telling / u/wearebrics that stalin killed people and that russia invaded georgia . 
  / r/russia is a fucking cesspit of hate thanks to that dude . 
  if you think you 've got it bad here , dip your toe into * that * pool for an hour . 
  you 're right . 
  it 's the radical racist right that 's reasonable . 
  what was i thinking . 
  yeah , listen to the totally reasonable heads of parties that want to deport those 5,000 brown people their country of 60 million have to take in a year . 
   polska grupa zbrojeniowa ( polish armament group ) , together with the obrum company , has signed an agreement with the ** german rheinmetall man military vehicles ** company , regarding a joint programme , the aim of which is be to develop a wheeled , 6x6 , amphibious armoured personnel carrier . 
  well , that sounds metal . 
  sweet !, 
  i 'm trying to follow your argument but it 's way out there in the field covered in crows . 
  look mate , just accept that if he concedes to arguing from reasonable interpretations of data then he has to abandon his stance that only ultranationalists are pro-european and that everybody is super-keen about the kremlin and their tanks . 
  you may have missed this , but / u/right _ in-the-pussy is somewhat pro-kremlin !, 
  lying by omission ? 
  perish the thought !, 
  wait , so france has only ever given the netherlands 12 points ? 
  wait , what 's wrong with women in tanks ? 
  you clearly did n't understand it as you mixed the two up . 
  you do n't speak for anybody , quite frankly . 
  * `` why wo n't my argument stop blowing away in the wind ?!, 
  '' * - / u/mikiz , may 2015, 
   we need to federalise because nine ships are doing military drills in the mediterranean ? 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  it still continues to alarm me , particularly so close to a major city .
