the barnett formula does n't work like that . 
  you are misunderstanding the use of `` competence '' in the clip . 
  he is saying scotland does not have the [ legislative competence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legislative_competence_order ) ( or powers ) to do what sturgeon was attempting to do when she went over the uk government to talk to the eu on her own . 
  which is fair enough , she was over stepping the mark by a fair amount when she did that . 
  because scotland does n't have complete control over the amount it spends , what that money is spent on or how much it taxes . 
  these are all things that fall under westminsters remit . 
  so how exactly is it scotland that is incurring the deficit , when all the levers are under westminsters control ? 
  we currently are run at a deficit by westminster and that fact is then turned around and used against us as if we are some irresponsible rogue state the rest of the uk has to just pay for . 
  i 'm sorry , but you really should n't speak so authoritatively about a subject you clearly are not familiar with . 
  as someone from scotland , who has been paying close attention to the politics going on in my country for many years , the narrative has definitely been a claim that spain would blanket veto scotland no matter the circumstances . 
  the argument that they would only veto if there was udi from scotland was the one used by yes voters to explain why the spanish veto argument they were using was wrong . 
  it is only relatively recently that a ** very ** small number of people on the unionist side have been conceding that point , as it ruins the main thrust of their argument . 
  the federalist boat has well and truly sailed i 'm afraid , no one in scotland will either buy it or expect it to ever happen . 
  there has clearly been an appetite for some sort of constitutional change in scotland for a long , long time . 
  instead of any sort of open dialogue about this we have had to fight tooth and nail for any small step . 
  equally there is no apparent appetite for any serious change in england , so that leaves as at somewhat of a impase . 
  we 'll be called moaners for trying to decentralise the most centralise power structure in the western world and england will remain pissed off they do n't get proper representation . 
  it 's not really the same . 
  relationship with the eu and breaking up a 300 year old country is not the same thing . 
  you apparently just have some sort of axe to grind about defending referendums from criticism on this sub for some reason . 
  to be fair , these are n't just run of the mill referendums . 
  they are serious fundamental changes to the country and as such engender quite the emotional response from people , it gets kind of tiring to do to many of those in quick succession . 
   referendum fatigue setting in under independence supporters there certainly is . 
  it would be the third referendum ( not including the general election , eu elections and council elections ) since 2014 . 
  bearing in mind that the run up to the last referendum was 2 years it would mean we have n't had `` normal '' living since 2012ish . 
   if sturgeon wants a referendum at a later date , it is irresponsible of her to pretend she wants the referendum at an earlier date . 
  eh asking for one before does a number of useful things for her . 
  first is when negotiating you always start above the result you really want . 
  secondly it allows her to stoke up annoyance in some of the scottish electorate . 
  thirdly it allows her to have an impact on the brexit negotiation talks . 
  how about we enforce a global standard on how much a countries budget must be spent on educational service ? 
  maybe a clause in joining or remaining part of the imf . 
  20 % of a country 's budget must be spent on education . 
  `` german hegemony '' is * because * europe is n't federalised properly . 
  good thing scotland has 25 % of the eu 's capacity of wind and tidal energy !, 
  this is 100 % what is going to happen , or at least this is exactly what the snp are going to push for . 
  nicola sturgeons rhetoric has changed from eu to economic area whenever she is talking about europe . 
  well they can ignore it or shoot it down but that would be an unwise decision , it would look bad internationally damaging the uk 's image and reputation and it would only incite resentment in the scottish population . 
  you do realise that scotland is always going to need more funding than england right ? 
  i mean it 's not like we have a massive `` highland '' type place with disparate communities and islands that need an equitable quality of life as everywhere else . 
  if we were funded on completely equal footing with england we would have a lower quality of life across the board . 
  well tony abbott said it was a good idea , but i 'm not entirely sure that is a stamp of approval that you really want . 
  which is an indication of economic mismanagement . 
  population growth is a nice indicator of prosperity and if n. england had not been part of england it would have also had population stagnation . 
  it was actually very interesting watching brexit as a scottish person . 
  a lot of the brexiteer rhetoric surrounding sovereignty was directly ripped off from the first scottish indy ref , except it was plastered on a reality which it simply did not represent . 
  the real difference was the destruction of the unions . 
  the unions were really the only connection working class scottish people had with the wider uk , they fought and worked together with english/welsh people for their working rights . 
  once that was gone there was nothing binding us together on a day to day basis , or rather binding the lower income people together . 
  they did vote to stay in the eu last time which was against the snp 's bid for independence , so i really do n't think the snp included them for duplicitous reasons then and it 's only fair they are included again . 
  i live in glasgow so i 'm used to the random knife attacks at night , sound like good craic to me . 
  do n't worry , i 've been to myanmar and there 's also not a lot to do there except eat food and see temples . 
  that place was surprisingly one of the nicest places i 've ever been to and as i 'm scottish and mongolia is known to be quite a windswept place i think i would probably like it . 
  this is a bit off topic but is mongolia a good place to visit ? 
  no one ever really talks about it but it seems like it would be interesting to see . 
  their candidate got elected president . 
  like it or not , this is now the face of america . 
  of course we understand there are people opposed to them but just like the tea party was n't representative of america during the obama administration those that oppose trump are not representative of america now . 
  it is a shame but that 's just the way it currently is . 
  hmm yeah i got it confused with efta , so maybe efta would be more likely . 
  though i 'm pretty sure efta does n't include free movement so maybe not . 
  yeah you are right , snp wedding the independence vote so strongly to eu membership does limit their options but it 's their platform so i do n't see any reasonable way they could climb down from it or any inclination that they want to . 
  to put it frankly , scotland would not be able to survive as a country outside being part of the eu if it left the uk . 
  if that was proposed most scottish voters would just stick with brexit . 
  if you want my opinion of what i think the snp will probably try to pitch for it will not be full eu membership but eea membership like norway . 
  if that happened they would be part of the eu market , still have control of fishing rights ( which is a massive topic for the fishing communities ) and they would be able to negotiate a trade agreement with the ruk on their own . 
  though i 'm not sure if that would mean they were eligible for eu grants . 
  but if you notice the snp 's rhetoric about continuing eu membership has changed tone since brexit so it does seem that this is what they would aim for . 
  luckily euro adoption is not forced , there is no enforced time period that it must be adopted by so scotland could just never take it if it did n't want to . 
  there will be some sort of payment however but how much and when would be a somewhat negotiable subject and being part of the eu market would be enough of an argument against the drawbacks of this . 
  scotland is reasonably less eurosceptic compared to other parts of the uk so this topic is n't quite so emotionally driven here . 
  the biggest issue right now however is the coming elections in the eu , a lot of this depends on other countries not going all altright . 
  if that happens then i 'm not sure where we will stand . 
  the economic case for independence is going to be dicey any way you slice it but making one with scotland out of the uk and out of the eu will be near impossible . 
  the snp are fundamentally pro-eu , their case last referendum centered around being part of the eu and it will be central if there is another one . 
  the whole discussion will be framed around that voting independence will also be tacit approval of integrating with the eu in some form . 
  it was last time and they got 47 % of the vote . 
  scotland 's ability to join the eu , or retain membership in some form , is entirely up in the air . 
  it would be entering a scenario which has never happened before and large parts of what would or could happen will be decided on political will more than anything . 
  many high profile mep 's in the eu parliament have already publicly stated that scotland would be more than welcome in the eu and there have been talks of creating a `` holding pen '' for scotland until they are completely ready to join the eu . 
  basically the political will in the eu is there to find some sort of solution for scotland to join but what that is or what it would entail is a complete unknown . 
   there are some limits to what you should be able to do in a democracy and forcing a result by attrition should be one such limit . 
  it 's anti-democratic . 
  well sure but those chose one of the main topics that decided the last referendum and then put some specific qualifiers on it . 
  due to that i really do n't see the problem with it . 
  because the english , or at least the northern english , voted against it . 
  if you want an english government maybe you should start canvassing for one ? 
  so what ? 
  you want the mp 's representing scottish constituencies to stop representing their constituencies ? 
  it was a central pillar to the discussion of the last referendum , it was exhaustively discussed and then discussed again . 
  just because you personally do n't know anyone that cared does n't mean you get to ignore everyone that did care . 
  as it was such an important point to a lot of people , hence why it was talked about so much , it is only fair we allow another discussion about it . 
  what 's wrong with giving people a chance to voice their opinion ? 
  eu membership will be inherent in the independence argument , basically it will be a vote for one and the same . 
  now there will be people who will vote for independence but not want to join the eu and they are welcome to try to push that as a political movement if we leave but they wont be given that choice as part of the independence vote . 
  maybe , but can they really use that excuse without causing damage to the political opinion in scotland when scotland voted against brexit in the first place ? 
  also large parts of the negotiating period will be centred around getting the eu as a whole to agree to the terms , so in a year and a halfs time the broad strokes of what the deal is will already be agreed upon . 
  that 's still on the english for being so unreasonably scared of it . 
   the issue is that people expected it to be more than it was and the snp have propagandised it into being a failure based upon that . 
  not really true .
