why should austria have a large army then ? 
  would it get attacked by its neighbors if it were not for the nato ? 
  did you read the wikipedia article ? 
  it was a very elaborate russ by the israeli , and the french defense minister ordered the boats to be bombed when they realized their escape , even though they were in international waters by then . 
  the chief of staff refused and said he would rather resign . 
  the french were very angry when this happened . 
  well , it 's a correct word in english . 
  sadisme in dutch . 
  the meaning is not the same as schadenfreude ( leedvermaak in dutch ) though . 
  sadism implies a more sickly enjoyment of other pain , often inflicted by the enjoyer . 
  i was about to post how you would ever define most supported . 
  but that 's actually a pretty good method !, 
  you asked how it worked out , not his opinion on how it worked out or what he thought about it . 
  the pdf quite extensively described how it worked out ( pretty well ) . 
  you can clearly see the border with germany , despite population density not differing that much across it . 
  pretty cool . 
  nope , i 've got 9 . 
  starts next monday , ends the first of september . 
  less if you have to redo something , of course . 
  6 in primary education ( basischool ) , 7 in secondary ( middelbare school ) , more ( i 've got 9 ) at college ( universiteit/hogeschool ), 
  the stars and stripes are pretty unequivocally usa though . 
  also , that 's a very slim margin your comment is on . 
  45 downvotes , 46 upvotes . 
  such a neatly divided hivemind is rare . 
  there 's also the three flags and half of the words on the packaging being of italian origin . 
  ( i count : italian , tortellini , italian , pesto , italy , macaroni , durum , semolini , italian , tortellini , pesto , at the very least ), 
  their electional slogan was `` more jesus , less eu '' ( meer jesus , minder eu ) . 
  yeah , it was a week or two ago , for the european elections . 
  nos.nl had an article about it . 
  no , he has a pretty heavy german accent , and is clearly not a native speaker , making quite a few mistakes . 
  any dutch speaker would be able to understand it though . 
  this video of his : http://utility.parkpost.tv/flashplayer2/?stream=content1/parkpost/viewing/6a26498d94ac22dc5f9f77dc79e4e2e8.mp4 actually got featured on national primetime television , in a slot reserved for political parties , around the news at eight . 
  here is the `` party 's '' `` website '' : http://www.iq.jaaaa.net/ it 's partially translated from shoddy dutch into even shoddier english . 
  the jews did n't literally create black people according to him , they just invited the mass immigration of them into europe , where their superior reproduction will drive out white people . 
  again : according to a batshit insane guy . 
  not my viewpoint . 
  oh , we have a party like that here in the netherlands too . 
  do n't think they ever actually got elected to anything . 
  it was an interesting combination of `` it 's all the fault of the jews '' and `` it 's all the fault of the blacks '' by saying that the jews invited the black people to exterminate the white people . 
  so , do they want to conquer europe and re-establish and empire or something ? 
  what does their name mean ? 
  so the soviet union had 11.400 combat aircraft , the rest of the warsaw pact 2,300 , but they had a total of 11,300 combat aircraft ? 
  that 's some pretty weird rounding . 
  the swiss border has checkpoints , while the other borders are pretty much wide open . 
  what does that sentence help with ? 
  i 'm a native speaker , but have never heard or used that sentence . 
  this is a very funny joke if you know dutch and german . 
  the dutch word for bear is beer , which is the german word for berry . 
  in addition , `` brombeer '' means something like grumpy bear in dutch , and is used in general to refer to a grumpy person . 
  in german , brombeer means blackberry ( the fruit ) . 
  romowie are roma ( gypsy 's ) , for those wondering . 
  hug of death , bookmark it and come back later . 
  i did n't notice while watching the video either . 
  you 're on the internet , so i assumed you had access to google . 
  vas deferens . 
   in mass effect 2 , zaal ` koris says that not all quarians can serve aboard ships with great names such as the defrahnz or iktomi . 
  however , according to quarian naming conventions , these ship names would be even more embarrassing to an english speaker - his name would be zaal ` koris vas defrahnz or zaal ` koris vas iktomi . 
  [ from the mass effect wikia . 
  ] ( http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/admiral_zaal'koris_vas_qwib-qwib ) this makes it even funnier . 
  nai sounds a lot like nah though , which also means no in english . 
  our relationship with the ocean is n't very good though . 
  we keep annexing land . 
  any examples ? 
  then what are the other boxes for ? 
  yes !, 
  i 'd like my family to be executed too , and i just pay shipping & handling ? 
  are there things you ** do n't ** blame on swedish influence ? 
  it does n't mean ass in dutch though . 
  `` poeper '' would mean asshole , in much the same way pooper would in english though . 
  what should you count them for ? 
  there 's stats , if you want those . 
  there is , it 's called not voting . 
  your link does n't work because of the ) : behind it . 
  this should work : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/radio_yerevan_jokes, 
  at least it would increase the total amount of joy derived from those roads . 
  thanks for posting this , it 's very interesting . 
  no , not really . 
  the bias in one group may be far greater than in the other group . 
  this is supported by figure 2 , which shows wildly varying response rates betweens natives , turks and moroccans . 
  that would make a lot of people angry at the crown . 
  i can see another [ glorious revolution !, 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ), 
  `` dutch person trying to imitate a cockney accent '' accent . 
  it was just as much a geographic concept as it was in alexander the great 's time , why would the individual importance of europe matter on a map of what europe conquered ? 
  if some madman who thought europa was a kind of egg salad conquered the world from romania , would that not count as a european conquest , because the ruler fervently denied it ? 
  he certainly knew he was european though . 
  i mean , victoria probably considered herself more british than european too , what with the channel and everything , but conquests under her reign were also counted on the map . 
  i 'm pretty sure this map is just using this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_population which is defined by geography . 
  it totally did , herodotus already described the borders of europe , asia , and africa . 
  and that guy was long dead by the time alexander was even born . 
  http://eurasia.cga.harvard.edu/exhibits/show/where-the-east-begins--travelo/europe-and-asia--according-to -, 
  you can keep subsetting it pretty much infinitely , until you 've got it down to specific 17th century europeans who did or did not do anything wrong . 
  whatever it was , he came from europe , so it really should count . 
   muslim want to abolish it , some do , some do n't . 
  it 's not like muslims form some united block in their political opinions ( refer to the middle east for various case studies ), 
  not quite incorporated , it had a separate military government . 
   an invasion is a military offensive in which large parts of combatants of one geopoliticalentity aggressively enter territory controlled by another such entity , generally with the objective of either conquering , liberating or re-establishing control or authority over a territory , forcing the partition of a country , altering the established government or gaining concessions from said government , or a combination thereof . 
  i 'd say it counts as an invasion , the netherlands were certainly controlled by the german army . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  lots of people love catching them , but i know no one who eats them .
