  so going by this evaluation germans nor russians were preferred during that time as when the independence war came , both local germans and russians stood against estonians . 
  baltic nations fought with such fierce zeal against the soviet union not because of love for germans but because of the fear against the su . 
  after all one beast was closer than another . 
  also baltic nations fought mostly russian troops in their independence wars and already had suffered under repressions from comrade stalin when they got annexed at the start of ww2 . 
  a very good similar example is finland , they also `` joined '' the axis leer because no one supported them . 
  finland knew fully well how soviets had somehow managed to annex territories who had just fought for independence some two decades ago . 
  germany did use the soviet hate quite well as they could come in as `` purgers of communism '' rather than an overall invasion force . 
  also they were fairly nice to the locals who were n't in their black books marked as subhuman . 
  when stalin took from all layers of people ( mostly people who had influence in that country ) trying to repress the `` radical '' element of a society then hitler took from selected few groups . 
  this is the age old question ( in terms of stupid questions to ask ) of is it better to murder 10000 or 1000 ? 
  the answer is 0 but if you had to choose i am sure logic predicts you would take the chance of hoping you are not in the 1000 groups and traced to be a jew by your grandmother or fathers side and not risk the 10000 of being decided some of your family members are radical and the entire family gets to go on a trip . 
  the jewish question at that time was n't that well known in the year 1943-44 when this was going on . 
  going by most the most common person , usually what he knew is that jews were being segregated and put into camps . 
  the realistic happening of what went on was much murkier for the common people . 
  hell we ca n't even get a clear picture of who is shooting who now in ukraine and we have an ample amount of video/text proof to go by , every side is throwing propaganda and skewed facts , nevermind in 1944 . 
  i 'll just stop with the textwall and get to the point . 
  your idea to depict a nation in some hollywood fashion as a nazi or commie minded is wrong . 
  you would need to get past the idea of what these `` extensive germanic roots '' were and how estonia fought against them just some decades before ww2 . 
  also during that 1944 campaign when germans held the line with the local populations you do know estonia tried to restore independence during that time ? 
  what germans were left in the capital were stripped bare of their armaments and a new government was declared . 
  it did last for 3 days though as soviets by that time were more or less riding full speed toward the capital . 
  still you making it seem like estonians happily wanted germans to stay and take over is like saying finland happily wanted germany as an ally during ww2 . 
  what good was an independence war against german forces before ww2 if you give the country back to them ? 
  makes no sense . 
  first and foremost estonian allies have been finland and latvia . 
  then uk in terms of giving support without alternative motives towards estonia . 
  germany and russia has always been a foreign force . 
  i did have similar thoughts of `` my family will get roughed up/my cat will die etc '' but only for stair running and never for tilewalking and touching . 
  i wonder why . 
  thankfully stair running did n't affect me that bad as it happened in one exact spot as other places did n't have similar stairs/door setup that i visited . 
  touching happened a lot more often as duh ... you touch stuff all the time and it managed to kick in here and there . 
  i also remember i had to touch objects in similar ways . 
  for example if i touched a doorknob with a left hand i had to do it with a left hand second time . 
  if i touched it with a right hand and slightly scraped it i had to touch it with my right and and slightly scrape it again . 
  this thankfully did n't trigger always and even if it did trigger i sometimes bargained with my brain to accept a badly copied second touch and deal with some anxiety knowing i did n't do it perfectly . 
  it also sucked if you did n't 100 % remember how much you touched it or if a touch `` counted '' so you had to go back and re-do it until you felt you did it ok . 
  god i find it amazing i still remember this . 
  i think i was in like 5th or 4th grade so early teens/pre-teen . 
  had n't thought of it for a long time . 
  i also remember that i was quite amazed when i first discovered the term ocd making me go `` hey what the hell , it 's a disorder ? 
  i thought i just had some strange childish traditions and games i could n't break off as a kid '', 
  anyway best of luck . 
  ocd is one of the thousands of interesting ideas our brains seems to grasp onto unable to break . 
  do n't think i had any really bad mental ones and somewhat knowing how annoying the even mild versions of physical ones got at certain points i hope for the best . 
  how would you describe your world view ? 
  how would you see it change ? 
  can it change ? 
  i mean surely you are doing this to show the world just how corrupt the higher governing ranks are and what really goes on but do you think our governments could actually change ? 
  after all people will remain people in the long run . 
  do you have a vision of how we would get corruption free governments ? 
  do you think such actions in higher ledges would somehow stop ? 
  i get it that it would be stupid to not fight this kind of end result of what a mess modern politics have become but pointing out the problem is only one step . 
  how would you resolve this ? 
  why oh why could n't you improve animations in fallout 3 and oblivion . 
  it always bugged me . 
  i mean you had a multi-million aaa corporation and no one spotted how weird the walking animations were ? 
  was this discussed ? 
  was there some kind of `` elephant in the room '' thing of no one really talking about it ? 
  sorry for zooming in on a minute subject and detail . 
  you seem like an amazing guy who gave to the industry . 
  it simply always bothered me how something that simple was n't fixed in 2 aaa titles . 
  so no offense . 
  what do you think you will be doing in your future ? 
  do you simply `` go with it '' until you ca n't no more or do you think you would stop like in your 40s ( 30s ? ), 
  actually what would you think will happen in the future ? 
  will the audience also come with you so some day you might have 30-60 year old viewers while you yourself age ? 
  would be interesting to get your perspective . 
  also what do you know of estonia . 
  as an estonian i would ask what kind of base . 
  if it is a logical setup in form of an airbase or in other ways border patrol then i agree . 
  we have from time to time seen russian jets fly awfully close . 
  now and again they violate our air border . 
  some hothead nation would give ` fire at will ' order , the moment a foreign nations vehicle enters ones territory ( here 's looking at you north korea ) and by most international laws they would have every right to do so . 
  they could also help neighboring nations like latvia , lithuania or even finland in sharing the load of airspace patrol . 
  so we would have actual practical use for a base in withholding modern political laws as are borders and the idea behind air space . 
  we are a full member of nato and have sent our own troops on their missions . 
  would be nice to have practical visible support from them . 
  not just an iou letter for rainy days that might or might not be withheld . 
  on the other hand russia is a great partner to have . 
  if russia managed to just change their politics a bit and do away with blaming every action that is n't in favor of them as an act of fascism , us/west aggression against them and so forward we would mellow up . 
  it would be good for us . 
  russian market is quite good but recently we have seen political play take center stage over well being of both of our nations citizens . 
  close and beneficial trade for a small nation and a bigger nation ? 
  pff ... who needs that right ? 
  it 's much more interesting to flex ones muscle and accuse one and another of fascism cutting down trade by train , trade by ships . 
  i mean if you more or less verbally assault a nation and some part of it 's people i am sure they will change right ? 
  thanks !, 
  electroswing is almost exactly'ish kinda shoulda coulda similar to what i 'm looking for so i 'll keep exploring that , i 'm hoping for some more gems . 
  i recognize the name caravan palace and i remember i really liked 2 of their songs . 
  too bad they got lost in my playlist somewhere , so thanks again for reminding of them guys . 
  the only negative of electroswing is that they have too much electro and not enough swing . 
  it feels like 80 % relies on adding as much as possible while 20 % of the original charm remains . 
  a little hard to explain . 
  simply too much editing for me but perhaps i simply need to find the right artists/songs within the genre . 
  oh i already love ` parov stelar - all night ' , it seems like a modern ` ish song that got remixed but i dig the beat . 
  so also thank you @ru55ty . 
  i was trying to go for ridiculous flattery to milk some replies out of you people . 
  i have nipples , greg , could you milk me ? 
  these guys might be ` kids ' as you put it but conscripts as soldiers do n't need to do a lot . 
  they are probably better trained than most self taught rebels .
