  i would n't consider lithuania similar to latvia either if comparing the 3 . 
  lithuania is a much more multi-profile buyer . 
  they have similar swedish equipment lines , they are more heavily on us equipment than the other two . 
  also poland , germany for the most part . 
  masons are at least smart enough to use the fear mongering to create a `` cool kid club vibe '' among the society . 
  as the old saying goes , there is no bad publicity . 
  i bet their membership count is up and `` brand name '' is known throughout the world . 
  they are a good conspiracy though , one of the most believable in terms of rich families who use it as a recruiting agency of sorts to get people into the ruler class . 
  the problem is if it really is happening they still have a huge stumbling block , humans themselves , we tend to get talky , jealous and mistake prone . 
  if the group is large enough some leaks would develop given enough time . 
  freemasons are basically what the uk were closest to in times of empire . 
  one family indirectly controlled 1/4 of the world so we came close but alas , no cigar yet . 
  well considering you just clumped up the entire eastern europe the answer is a sounding no . 
  well he does have a hobby of buying expensive watches way beyond his official payroll and his friends who own businesses are getting government deals from him ... 
  he is not `` every single person '' . 
  he was one of the more well known faces of war gaining media coverage thanks to vice . 
  also he was the only guy with this kind of unique story of being basically an american who used his bloodline to gain ukrainian citizenship and fight for kiev . 
  as for the importance of this news people are the ones who vote up articles and news pieces , i guess he made enough of an impression to garner enough care and importance for this news to become prominent . 
  i personally liked the fact we got an update of some of the earlier people we came to know , sadly the meetup was n't on a high note . 
  i joined reddit for other subs , then suddenly discovered what reddit is , remembered that yogscast had a reddit and loved that they communicate with their fans through here . 
  worded it totally wrongly , his best friends who own businesses . 
  fixed , thanks for pointing it out . 
  while understandably controversial this is a fashion show , they are known for trying to be artsy and sometimes cause controversy cause bad publicity is still publicity . 
  tldr : it 's controversial but still arts , they do this shit for living . 
  some names that come up are boris rotenberg or vasily shestakov . 
  both putins old friends from times before presidency . 
  the former got great deals in partly building the winter olympic games and gas pipeline deals making him rise quite fast . 
  vasily shestakov is also an old friend and judo partner , he has reached the role of sambo head ( judo variation vlad and vasja trained at ) , a duma member and recently been more or less appointed the head of media for the russian state . 
  ** clearly a thread with over 9,000 different comments in it plus an automated solution is going to create a lot of false positives so if you feel your comment has been removed in error , please message us and we 'll review and let through . 
  do you honestly believe people will believe this ? 
  `` i am sorry , we just deleted 9000 comments because we possibly could n't find the few bad ones so nuke it all ! '', 
  jesus reddit , you were trustworthy :'(, 
  what witch hunt ? 
  no witch hunt happened . 
  [ deleted ], 
  - [ favorite and least favorite word ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcebreccy88&amp;list=uuh-_hzb2ilsco9ftvsnrciq#t=50 ), 
  - [ silent hill 6 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohrh9rc_oue ), 
  - 1 ) tina barret, 
  well the original article in estonian only states `` russian troop column near ukrainian border '' and i ca n't seem to find any article attached to the pictures . 
  i fail to see any actual border crossing . 
  so the title is a little misleading , there is no actual border crossing on the pictures , only pictures of them quite near it . 
  i wonder how that bursting juicy big sausage felt in his mouth . 
  must of been quite a release to finally get it in his gaping mouth hole . 
  i am fairly certain they will have a go at it . 
  i kind of remember them even discussing this game and using pandora as a substitute while beyond earth was n't yet out . 
  it is a homage to alpha centauri , an old civilization spin-off game that was quite well known and i am quite sure there are members of yogscast who played it . 
  so i would be kind of surprised if they did n't play it , rather than if they did . 
  how are you better ? 
  just finished playing icewind dale and the expansion packs . 
  ran with :, 
  - fighter ( tanked ), 
  - fighter/druid ( used him as a mage early/mid game , lategame had him run as an animal form to tank ), 
  - mage ( aoe spells , also sniper nr3 ), 
  - thief ( sniper nr2 ), 
  - cleric ( second tank , also healer obviously ), 
  i went for the logic of having fun and trying to get as diverse of a party as possible to experience different sides . 
  i also picked this game up having forgot most of my d&d knowledge that was n't great to begin with . 
  i later discovered i totally screwed up my stat allocations . 
  my main fighters had low dexterity and strength . 
  i did n't re-allocate any points at all when i began , simply rolled statistics that seemed nice and went with it . 
  even specialized my fighter/druid in long swords without knowing that he ca n't use them . 
  i was like , i do n't care , i 'll go with it :d, 
  the game was still playable and fun at the end , the end bosses where probably one of the only times where i needed to even use stronger health potions and buff potions . 
  as long as you :, 
  - have the basics covered ( mage , thief , healer , tank ), 
  - have 2 tank types, 
  - have 2 who are good at ranged ( to kite if needed ), 
  - have aoe and summon spells to crowd control, 
  you will do fine . 
  for your questions :, 
  humans/half elves are always good , elves are good for bows , dwarves for tanks . 
  does n't really matter that much unless you are going for some powerplay , go by logic of what suits who . 
  as most of your party will engage in large scale combat you will want high constitution , dexterity and strength for absolutely every class if possible . 
  the problem comes if some classes require an extra stats to take into consideration . 
  mages also need intelligence and druids/clerics wisdom , your party leader should have higher charisma . 
  still high dex , str and con are a godsend . 
  what stats should you put points into ? 
  well you do n't really get to level up any stats at all . 
  so what you roll out with you stay ( besides items/gear that give you stat boosts ), 
  well this seems to backfire but ukraine is at a `` all guns blazing '' mode anyway so even if they get blasted for this , the hope that rt gets even a little bad coverage i guess is enough for them . 
  rt is , depending on the subject quite good but they do also go for quite one sided and buzzword heavy pieces if the subject suits it . 
  as someone pointed out they do use this honest news as a front and throw in bad coverage where needed and suits russian view to sway some minds ( usually where russian views are directly at a deadlock with the news story ) . 
  also their comment section is filled with the most awesome trolls since 4chan , they manage to garner both hitler and stalin support . 
  russian speakers usually stick with russian news sites so i do n't even know who these guys should be . 
  new age russians who prefer english speaking sites ? 
  used to lan-play red alert quite a lot . 
  had all the strategies down . 
  a classic strategy was to build an epic wall of defense towers at the front of your base ( as everyone usually wanted to play the map with 1 entrance bases ) . 
  since it was the day of bad ai usually when you started moving your army there were epic traffic jams because the harvesters came in while tanks moved out and ai went `` f this , i 'm shutting down '' . 
  huge traffic jams where had with like 25 harvesters on one side and 100 + mammoths on the other . 
  ahh the memories of ra lans , epic game . 
  having said that generals was n't a direct sequel to the ra games anyway so it did n't ruin anything + it was n't a bad game at all . 
  played it and really liked it . 
  also ra3 having not played it seems to garner positive reviews and as much as i have seen it is a solid homage and a fairly good game . 
  so i would n't even say ra series has been ruined at all . 
  c&c and red alert were n't synonyms . 
  c&c is more about the tiberian games . 
  red alert was a spin-off kind of deal that became hugely successful as it was based more inside our own reality and appealed to many . 
  my first es game was morrowind then oblivion and skyrim . 
  also have played arena and daggerfall but not all the way through .
