  foreign troops on ground , as the article said , is something countries usually report on . 
  even more as moldova is n't part of nato so they do n't have a direct reason to be there . 
  nato is n't just for governments . 
  nato has plenty of pr people working for them , i mean rasmussen makes constant speeches to the people to make them understand what is going on . 
  they also already started with providing proof for their motives of the situation . 
  firstly there was a longer report in responding to a lot of pro-russian views and explaining how they are lies/wrong from nato standpoint on crimea . 
  then nato posted satellite images as proof of russian presence , that was shot down by russian media pretty quick with basically `` laughable , nothings visible , photoshop '' and other reasons . 
  so apparently they do care enough to get their own countries understand the situation with proof and russian press cares enough to respond to their given proof . 
  so it would be an excellent chance to get some big updated collection of evidence , printed under the source of nato , that russian press have to respond to , in order not be one sided . 
  they can avoid most reports of freelance sources of claims to be seeing russian arms and soldiers . 
  if it 's nato that is making the claim it would be serious enough for them to pick it up . 
  it serves `` those government '' that we elect . 
  it 's quite strange to word it as `` it 's made up of those governments '' . 
  no , nato is more so made up of common people from nato members who serve under the organisation . 
  your neighbor tom who joined the military might start his career in nato as some officer . 
  obviously the government sign treaties and do the talking but the workforce is made up of common soldiers . 
  rest of it i am uncertain what you are trying to say . 
  i do n't see how nato countries could be considered war hungry . 
  if at all the only war like response asked so far is support of ukraine with supplies so they could fight inside their own borders . 
  just out of curiosity . 
  why translate kapo as capo ? 
  also why `` aston kohver '' , is n't his name `` eston kohver '' ? 
  +1 for translation . 
  aston kutcher has been confirmed to play asthon kohver in the movie `` 5000 euros to reach putin '' !, 
  seems like a fail from the coke company . 
  i do n't think i have ever heard someone say `` j\u00e4mmimisele '' . 
  very awkward way to say the word . 
  most would probably use `` j\u00e4mmile '' or `` j\u00e4m / jam session '' . 
  i am not sure all are on board yet . 
  just recently i believe czech republics pm did n't see it anything more than a civil war . 
  i do like the idea i got from this thread though . 
  that nato probably does n't need to do anything themselves anymore . 
  most see that if it quacks like a duck , looks like a duck and walks like a duck , it probably is n't dpr rebels building tanks , it 's a duck . 
  have n't you seen secret agents in action ? 
  first he needs to hear the main bad guy talk to him of how he is about to die . 
  then he is left with 2 amateur guards . 
  only then can he break out in the most elaborate manner by climbing out of the cell and defeating the guards in hand to hand combat . 
  god damn it pau , you had one job !, 
  i used to fight with my older sister . 
  i once k.o. 
  'd her . 
  was my best fighting match as a kid . 
  simon still has it , one of his tweets :, 
  `` i wonder if the 400 sailors training on the mistral in france will paint a dnr flag on it and sail it to mariupol '', 
  in russian eyes yes . 
  they think if you use the symbol you might as well have shot those 6 million jews yourself . 
  in ukrainian eyes it 's a more neutral symbol as they were caught between two bigger nations warring . 
  why do they use it ? 
  government accepts them fighting under their own symbol as long as they do fight . 
  also they do n't really care what russia thinks , they live their own life . 
  as for credibility of them being actual fascists that is n't for a symbol to decide , it 's what they actually do that decides that . 
  by russian standard it really is `` if it 's against us it is fascist '' motto . 
  the fascist talk was long before they used these symbols on their helmets/trucks . 
  happy cakeday ross . 
  another year wasting earths resources . 
  i doubt it 's `` a lot '' . 
  they still rely heavily on ads and traffic . 
  youtube drives huge numbers of traffic . 
  their website ca n't compete . 
  the middleman issue is not exclusively money related , it 's just bad practice to have a business when all the cards are in the hands of someone who can simply turn your entire revenue stream off just like that . 
  so it 's more about diversity of revenue streams . 
  i am almost certain the revenue they get from actual views is a lot greater on youtube . 
  their web store is probably the second source of money . 
  quick , hurry to the penthouse to get your man-card . 
  sean connery hands them over to everyone who turns 18 . 
  it is there where you can select beard styles and body hair . 
  the first 100 get +2 inches to their . uhm ... ego . 
  plot twist : guy is bear grills, 
  well with all due respect the question was about azov battalion . 
  you ca n't assign blame of other radicals over to them . 
  this way we would paint every muslim as a plane crashing terrorist . 
  greater probability against what ? 
  yt links to the shop ? 
  that i would n't speculate on what drives a better conversion . 
  i would think they are fairly similar . 
  the answer would be that yt has the same option to drive traffic with links in the description to the shop . 
  site link is obviously a lot more visible but again the traffic going through yt is larger to compensate that . 
  well did n't expect dalai lama to speak out . 
  wonder what theories people will think up , why he has . 
  well depends . 
  this guy had a military rank so he was the equivalent of a ` second lieutenant ' in english ranks . 
  now losing one officer under such circumstances should n't be a reason for war but wars have been started before for losing just one guy . 
  just to reiterate , i would n't advocate for war . 
  i would just ask for russia to allow his own people to actually see him . 
  putin is their justin bieber . 
  i remember a skit where fans were asked opinions on made up stories about justin bieber , a la `` justin punched a girl in the face '' . 
  even then some of the fans defended jb `` well maybe she was being annoying '' . 
  like -_- really ? 
  trolls will be trolls . 
  every evidence can be passed by `` not conclusive '' , `` fabricated '' etc. 
  my three theories, 
  1 ) deter russian air intelligence gathering or `` accidental '' border crossing, 
  2 ) buks have a radar system inbuilt so they could of been useful for monitoring the sky, 
  3 ) part of their doctrine . 
  the army might simply deploy as they have trained for and saw no reason to rethink their doctrine of what equipment they might need and what not . 
  buk is n't something easy to capture . 
  firstly it is n't on the front line , secondly it is a very mobile target . 
  such systems can retreat before the enemy breaks the front line . 
  wikipedia gives the number 60 for how many buk systems ukraine owns although the source is n't given where this number was gotten . 
  so they are rare enough .
