  did you google your name or actually name yourself after him ? 
  either way , nice !, 
  kind of follows the motives mostly everyone thinks are going on . 
  cold war era idealism of west and east . 
  russia considers nato a direct threat and quite strongly hinted that it would end badly . 
  i guess the eu trade agreement was enough of a reason for a pre-emptive strike . 
  estonian here , pretty similar . 
  i will add a quite interesting fact that shows the audacity of russia/su . 
  guess what soviet unions reason was to start making demands to independent estonia ? 
  for not being able to stop a polish submarine escape our capital after giving it aid . 
  basically estonia was stamped as an enemy of russia because russia was invading poland and we had dealings with a polish sub . 
  from there russia forced the `` co-operation pact '' on us that meant russian bases in estonia and from there it went to hell . 
  locals and military were ` encouraged ' to drop their weapons in warehouses guarded by the red army etc etc. 
  we slowly lost the ability to fight back . 
  you can google it , `` orze\u0142 incident '' . 
  quite something to ponder how blatantly idiotic politics can be . 
  that would be wrong to say . 
  the government was n't overthrown . 
  ukraine has 4 pillars of power like a lot of countries have . 
  parliament , cabinet , pm and president . 
  parliament was legally elected in 2012 and has n't had a power vacuum , the cabinet is chosen mostly by the parliament vote . 
  i think only 2 ministers president has a say in . 
  the pm a long time ago used to be elected by a joint agreement of the parliament and president but even then it faced problems so for some time already the parliament elects the pm also . 
  the president has quite little power , he is more about secondary power and enforcement . 
  a very large majority of the acting power is in the hands of parliament who attribute for 3 of the 4 major power holders . 
  that is the parliament , cabinet and pm . 
  those have always been legally elected . 
  true enough . 
  i have seen the term `` government overthrown '' or similar before and usually people have no idea who this `` government '' exactly is . 
  president is n't exactly what people usually consider `` the government '' but in case of ukraine it seems like the news outlets made it seem like that . 
  99 % of the world leaders including hitler ? 
  in order to dissolve a parliament he has to get a positive `` yes '' vote from that parliament . 
  i do n't know if early elections are considered as dissolving . 
  wiki actually has a nice general overview of what the president does : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/president_of_ukraine ( duties and powers subarticle ), 
  it 's a short read and gets you a pretty good overview . 
  if you need to track/check any specific points you can always google whatever year constitution ukraine currently goes by and datamine that for specifics . 
  from that very same wiki article we get that `` the president has the authority to conduct negotiations and sign treaties on behalf of the ukrainian government . '', 
  so i would bet that was the tipping straw and that right yanu used . 
  basically veto the parliament and do his own thing . 
  it does state though that `` the legislative branches ' check on the president includes the right to overturn a presidential veto with a two-thirds majority vote of the parliament . '', 
  so parliament seems to always have the upper hand and their own veto ability on presidents . 
  i think it is telling that the sketch is apparently from the 80s . 
  nothing changed . 
  i believe everyone besides me is a cia agent , actually i think cia developed mind control so i ca n't even trust myself . 
  everyone is cia !, 
  only russia and putin are immune !, 
  are you seeing and believing or are you on the side that thinks soldiers lost 20km deep inside ukrainian territory and sudden surge of rebels and `` on vacation '' russian regulars are all excusable ? 
  well europe is europe . 
  we basically had this going on already anyway . 
  countries are n't happy with certain actions , certain sanctions and ca n't come together as a united front . 
  i mean we had switzerland before who opted out of it , although switzerland was a special case so it was actually odd that he agreed to sanction . 
  true but i mea n't it as europe . 
  with or without eu we still bicker . 
  eu did help unite most of the continent but even inside eu we disagree and decisions are hard to come by as everyone has the obvious ability to veto or disagree . 
  it was n't mea n't as an attack . 
  i simply was browsing an old threat and was interested of what do you think of the situation . 
  now that i read back my comment instead of the `` joking '' tone i can see it can come off as mocking . 
  are you homeschooled ? 
  1 ) this should n't be an excuse for invading a non-nato member . 
  this also should n't be excuse for `` they maybe perhaps would of , should of joined '' as direct conflict vs `` would-be '' scenario , the direct conflict is always worse . 
  2 ) it 's quite idiotic that west and east talk about eastern-europe like some kind of bargaining chip . 
  we are bloody human beings , what the bloody hell are you deciding and making deals for us ? 
  how is moscow the one to decide what we can or ca n't be ? 
  we live our own lives . 
  if we wished to join nato so be it , if ukraine wished to be more close to russia so be it . 
  russia is simply using the same rhetoric it is afraid off . 
  `` west is falling ! '', 
  while fearing that this west gains the ability to control the western border of russia if ukraine and others might join like finland . 
  i love how russia is fighting like a 5 year old . 
  `` i did n't do it , it was the dog ! '' . 
  the sad part is , it 's working . 
  i remember i had the same thing , browsed the earliest videos and saw that they were guides . 
  thought , hell might as well . 
  first videos ever . 
  by the second video i understood they were n't exactly guides at all , more like mini yogpods . 
  it 's actually even more wonderfully ` camp ' as their videos are what we stereotype to be those 100 sub videos to look like . 
  someone putting up low sound and video quality wannabe guides with stupid music in the background edited in . 
  only thing , they are wonderfully self aware of the fact their quality is shit and they are n't producing any useful content , shits and giggles is ensured . 
  ladies , gentle gentle men , all who fall between these categories , we have arrived ... to the future !, 
  finally the movies from 1995 and onward make sense . 
  people are watching video games as sports and it reached the lame-stream media , so the world that lagged behind gets notified . 
  i do n't understand this at all . 
  i mean any normal school day you had at least some teacher talk about their general life including home life so you kind of got the clue they did n't live in school . 
  did n't that happen ? 
  also some of them left school and came to school at the same time you did in the morning , during the day . 
  you also did n't have those `` cool '' substitute teachers who were required to teach in order to progress in their degrees ? 
  these guys/gals were about only 10-5 years older ( depends on class ) than the kids and the class banter was on topics from drinking to talking about other teachers . 
  or was my school somehow odd ? 
  i mean some of our younger teachers were more immature than people in the actual class . 
  i remember a computer-ed teacher was simply put , with no offence intended a blonde , she knew her narrow field of excel/word that she was supposed to give us but most knew how to operate that anyway ( besides some odd subjects here and there that dabbled into macro making ) . 
  ask her about anything else she had no clue what you were talking about as she was one of the `` new age '' kids herself and mostly gave out work and sat in facebook that she had to minimize everytime someone walked near her . 
  i do remember people simply played counter strike in some of her classes when the `` work '' she gave us was finished or she was late for class/had written it simply on the chalkboard . 
  ukraine had a `` respect borders '' treaty from west and east . 
  baltic states have a `` defend us '' treaty . 
  the `` respect borders '' treaty was no worth and dragged in mud . 
  what makes you so sure that countries will mobilize for baltics ? 
  russia will churn their presses , make baltics seem worse than stalin , mao and hitler put together and everyone will be `` gravely concerned '' and `` seriously condemn '' while sudden rebel groups rise up and take parts of the countries over . 
  i know it wo n't in most probable situations happen but last time , ukraine did n't seem likely to reach such a conflict either . 
  if we take it as a region `` baltic states '' it is important enough . 
  considering all of them have similar recent histories and opinions on su and what russia is doing , it is important .
