  money flow from us to a country does n't mean an automatic = they funded the uprising . 
  it simply relies on `` us being evil '' and every dollar bill they send is for `` evil '' stuff . 
  without taking into account maybe they are building their `` american brand '' from different side of helping the country , showing support and being the first one to `` extend a hand '' so a trust is built . 
  basically every country that has had us money has n't had an uprising . 
  hence you need to go case by case basis and show how this money was used wrongly , `` us money = ukraine uprising '' wo n't do . 
  russia sent plenty of money and gave good deals to ukraine . 
  that 's the whole reason behind the maidan in the first place . 
  the very first reason of why people came on the streets . 
  so i could argue that `` russian money '' set the chain of events off as if not for the russian offer the european trade agreement would n't have been overruled in favor of russian offer . 
  3 ) we are also getting into a `` cause and affect '' argument or `` chiken and the egg '' . 
  which came first ? 
  the russian vs ukraine standoff or the `` we will join nato&eu '' threat ? 
  same way now some people are going on about estonia , you sold out !, 
  should of been with russia !, 
  which came first ? 
  russian aggression and the seeking protection from west ? 
  or western takeover and then russian wishes to be on their side of the conflict ? 
  that is in fact what is currently happening and what often happens . 
  no one wants to be the bad guy so russia is rolling the `` nato&eu '' thread infront of the annexation and justifying it . 
  west is saying `` hold on ain minute bitte ! '', 
  the starting point was russian annexation and the `` nato&eu '' thread was in no way anything tangible to reason behind territory annexation . 
  both are `` valid '' , emphasize on the quotes as valid from russian and russians perspective of having this fear and valid from west standpoint that there was no actual agreement on the table and the `` stronger egg of the two '' was the russian annexation as it was an actual event that happened . 
  kind of hard to argue against a real deed and hyptothetical . 
  ironically this was the reasoning behind winter war , russia was afraid that finland could be taken over by germany so they ... attacked and did basically the same thing as germany `` would of , should of , could of '' done . 
  this reasoning of `` it could happen '' and then doing a somewhat equally bad deed is n't valid in such cases . 
  result ? 
  finland actually becoming semi-allies with germany and continuation war to reclaim their lost people/territory . 
  so a nice `` full circle '' of my comment actually . 
  again cause and affect . 
  where the russian fears valid now ? 
  finland did become a staging ground for germany . 
  or was the russian invasion the cause that finland sided in the first place ? 
  ( 1 ) yes , that is one idea behind the events . 
  there are others like him escaping due to fearing that his palace would be gotten to . 
  or that kremlin offered him a route out . 
  `` are said to have '' is a clever way of saying `` it might of been '' . 
  it might of been yes , it might not of been . 
  it might of been something else . 
  ( 2 ) obviously there is some strategy behind it . 
  as i said myself , they buy friends . 
  this does n't mean armed revolutions just because `` derp , us gave moneis ! '', 
  their only goal of giving money would n't be revolutions . 
  ( 3 ) what guilt does usa have that and provide a little in depth behind your explanations other than `` they gave support funds to ukraine after ussr collapsed and to this day '' , rest of the old block , including germany got similar funds . 
  aah the rare but well known estonian forest penguin . 
  i do n't know by law if its set but basically go with `` downloading is ok , being the person creating illegal files to upload not ok '', 
  a lot of people dl stuff like games , movies , songs etc. 
  police mostly deal with actual crime that hurts , while yes torrenting takes away money from a creator , the police focus on more `` realistic '' crime . 
  knowing some police officers i would conclude most do this also , especially younger generation ones . 
  same way you do n't go for the junkies but the dealer if something would happen , the popos would probably go for the file creators , rather than sharers . 
  meaningless to try and wipe a floor clean when a sewer pipe is leaking right next to it . 
  his basically our `` after bush junior '' president . 
  r\u00fc\u00fctlel was a politician of a past age . 
  ilves did have a lot going for him . 
  connections , it knowledge , snobbish but he did have enough learned and natural intelligence . 
  his negatives where also big , he had no practical living knowledge of what makes an estonian tick . 
  also as became widely reported did n't really want the job but even he was smart enough to figure that we do n't really have another mature person to take the seat . 
  i personally always liked him . 
  a nice mix of a technocrat with diplomacy . 
  also made the society a little more open by being contempt with ilves being our face of the nation , a `` foreigner '' . 
  i like how people get surprised that he speaks english so well , obviously they would n't know he spent most of his former life in the states . 
  i like that he has the right knowledge for the current time , it field and western connections . 
  also all his speeches i have seen in semi-official or simply `` hey its the estonian president coming to our lecture hall to talk '' videos shows , he has some actual knowledge , he can hold a conversation with economists or talk about how best to set up a firewall for example . 
  so he has interesting modern ideas and knowledge . 
  i think he is punching over his limit with the spot he has . 
  meri though still is the best pick so far and i would think ilves would agree . 
  table top aoe ii ? 
  you simply need to make a thousand copies of walls as everyone just whored walls and castles . 
  i did find strelkov to be somewhat different to a `` pro-russian '' . 
  his rhetoric was always of a different idealist russia or eastern ukraine to that matter , so a white political movement supporter i can understand . 
  basically a pro-russian white opposition supporter in ukraine rebel territories , boy what great political factions we have in modern conflicts . 
  reported , nice ref link . 
  plottwist : as he came to your fathers office your father was taking a nap as he had taken up the same habit . 
  now they nap together . 
  ( another plottwist ), 
  i would take sips , sijn , smith , trott , chris . 
  we would probably die and shit ourselves but there would be smiles on our faces . 
  i 'm sick ?!, 
  like officially `` have a temperature '' sick sick !? 
  i can finally try to beat my high score or level reached in supa bros !, 
  `` you should n't play that when you are sick ! '', 
  `` butt mhaaaaam ... it helps me relax ! '', 
  why focus on factories ? 
  there are much better statistics to go by like gdp per capita or ppp . 
  a factory with over 1000 employed suddenly does n't make a healthy state , way to think like a 20th century person . 
  an it company with 100 can earn more than a factory in a modern world . 
  besides the point is moot in the first place . 
  estonia had a nation before the soviet union annexation . 
  we built factories just fine . 
  do you think if soviets had n't occupied us we would n't been able to function ? 
  we did just fine before that for some decades ... 
  `` as easily as others '' true but if the production becomes expensive it is n't unheard that production gets shopped overseas . 
  if we are talking about educated workforce factories with engineers then true , these kind of factories are something that often are n't built in low salaried and standardized markets . 
  we are getting factories . 
  just recently a 300 worker factory for water filters was opened in narva . 
  biggest such facility in whole of europe ( at least claimed by the article ) . 
  it is semi automated so less low waged `` line workers '' . 
  harmet o\u00dc is also opening a new facility in p\u00e4rnu , that makes the total workforce to about 300 . 
  the produce modulated housing . 
  also other expansions and smaller firms opening facilities , be it some plastic part producers or already established players like chemical and coal facilities who are expanding their capabilities . 
  i personally visited a new factory , vaasan that employs around 100 that is a pretty recent addition to estonian soil .
