  other thought is a lot of priests would lose their jobs or a lot more `` virgin holy counter miracle resets of pure godliness '' would happen, 
  i remember somebody posting this as a video and it showed how the white blue signed van parked ... 
  about those mmorpg k/d ratio worries ... lmfaoing into the roflcopter with that one, 
  i have some experience in uhh . . falling , not that high but high enough , basically 2 stories and from a window . 
  below was gravel , kind of a semi parking lot style . 
  my question is did you get to regulate your fall ? 
  i remember specifically going for a feet first as absorbiton and collapse on my back kind of fall and i managed it . 
  got some deep cuts on my hands from the gravel and a broken foot as a result ( as one my my feet touched the ground first and got most of the impact ) . 
  also i remember internally thinking i am probably going to be f ` ed . 
  did you have that kind of inner dialogue ? 
  edit : nevermind , just read the part about you not having any memory of the incident itself . 
  egrandma ... i do n't get it , still feels old, 
  beyonce ... ooooh ok i get it . 
  does anyone still living who remembers playing rune multiplayer ? 
  that game was ... well you will remember it if you played it . 
  picture medeival combat with the craftmanship of lightsaber battles . 
  it just worked , and it worked well . 
  ok we went from naked butt to a maniacal stare that wants to murder everyone and estalish a fourth reich . 
  i 'm slow ... really slow . 
  also 15 minutes is like toilet break time ... i had to digest what i saw . 
  bosnia going for the whole `` we have people at our borders '' thing-a-ma-jig ? 
  so much for `` eurovision is not about political songs/numbers '' ... 
  its bearded orlando bloom, 
  the fuuu ... this is an eurovision song ? 
  o_o it has been in top lists at radio stations already . 
  had to doublecheck and the first local station that i listen to has it in their top 10 so i 'm pretty sure it is this song i have heard plenty of times . 
  she is our snowden !, 
  quick !, 
  hide her in russia or something . 
  do n't call africa that , the politically correct term is afro-america or black-land . 
  breakings news on russia today : glorious russia and putin gift kim a boat , truly a great gesture of friendship ( get it ? ), 
  i kind of believe stalin was at odds with the west even before ww2 . 
  the late grab and seconds front was partly to keep west europe safe from the coming wave of red russians . 
  they started warring on german scientists and research even during the ending phase of ww2 . 
  i mean stalin did kind of attack finland without any reason other than `` we want that piece of land , gib gib ! '' . 
  the west went `` shit !, 
  what we do now ? '', 
  and kind of did n't act besides the `` great concerns '' and kicking su out of the league . 
  j\u00fcri\u00f6\u00f6 \u00fclest\u00f5us was basically a war , uprising makes it seem kind of ... temporary while yes , i am aware it is called an uprising  . 
  it lasted about 3 years . 
  also danes got their flag , or at least the legend of their flag origin story , during this time while battling rebelling estonian serfs . 
  during ww2 times , a polish submarine had docked in estonia due a sick crew member but at that time soviet union had invaded poland and estonia was diplomatically a neutral state . 
  now the fun begins , as poland was `` an enemy '' of soviet union , estonia had to make sure that polish sub stayed in dock so they conficated all the navigation equipment and set up armed guards to keep the crew at bay . 
  instead the polish crew undocked and by doing that took the estonian guards with them . 
  they sailed towards the atlantic and let the estonians guards off somewhere in sweden , with a little pocket money to get help . 
  for that soviets questioned estonian neutrality for `` helping an enemy '' . 
  basically a story of how soviets found a very stupid reason to accuse estonia of hostile actions . 
  til : ), 
  oh come on , strogg looked cool and had an awesome backstory of former humans being transformed into weapon platforms . 
  my sentence does not contradict that . 
  the `` an enemy '' was more to show that soviets used the polish side to question estonians neutrality while they themselves later tried to depict it as `` coming to help poles against advancing germans '' . 
  society and humankind . 
  how we function on animal instincts but managed to rise above yet still remain bound to our nature . 
  we are brutal beings and our emotions are governed by hormones as one yet we figured out this `` reality math '' and are trying to cope with it . 
  also more basic stuff like how we so far have concluded that democracy is the best system , how we managed to invent `` money '' to govern the world , how we manage to come to the conclusion that education needs to take place at the ages of about 7-19 . 
  and from that how we are like `` worker ants '' , we give up part of our time to better the society by paying taxes . 
  we are all so standardised into this method . 
  all this makes me wonder why and how . 
  we steered this ship into this society ourselves as our `` collective hivemind '' kind of came to these ways and conclusions . 
  we all take part of it yet have no power to control it as individuals . 
  what are the rules currently ? 
  in estonia for example our curfew lasts from 22:00 to 10:00 , bars not included . 
  i find the results mixed from a subjective view . 
  i think most simply buy in bulk now if they want to go drinking . 
  yeah , i 'm fairly certain if you can put on weight when eating and lose weight when not eating you are in the norm category for metabolism rates . 
  it really comes down to practicality , if you eat more you gain more . 
  simply a great way of saying `` i do n't eat more !, 
  it 's my slow metabolism that causes me to be fat ! '', 
  i have always been skinny but i had a period where i was more or less forced to eat a constant amount of food , i gained weight and even my face became more rounder as i was reaching my perhaps ... normal weight . 
  then that period ended and i came back to my old habits of somewhat undereating and my weight fell to what i have always been . 
  it all makes sense ... 
  also i believe portion size is quite different in places for example americans do eat a lot bigger portions on average . 
  in estonia like ~ 5-10 years ago we had a huge surge of window buying , preceded by a lot of people switching their front doors with more expensive ones . 
  basically everyone and their grandma ordered these new type of double glass windows that had the tilting mechanism who had older windows . 
  the only hidden danger that i have seen is that the mechanism sometimes does n't lock in place if it has worn so you have this idiotic scramble as only 1 hinge locks on and 3/4th of the window suddenly starts moving off its base as you try to hold on and realize what happened . 
  silly boy , who told you wars had to be in order ? 
  you see the next world war will be ww8 , then we will have ww3 , then we will redo ww1 . 
  yes technically true but there are two main , very important , points :, 
  1 ) russia as `` people '' is a large group . 
  north western russians are very different to south western ones as one example . 
  north lands by most research were inhabited , at the least , mixed , with ugri tribes alongside ` slav ' tribes . 
  2 ) the closest genetical brother to the fins ( besides other tribes living in finnish lands ) are estonians . 
  his `` what wil you see yourself doing in 5 years ? '', 
  answer would probably turn into 1 hour ted talks . 
  the futuuure : https://cbsmix1065.files.wordpress.com/2010/11/jorts.jpg?w=420, 
  but the real question is woud fish babbies prefer mcdonalds and would teenagers eat plastic ? 
  all i know is my gut says maybe . 
  yeah , instead in those times the profitee was the government and their friends/family . 
  become fat ... 
  there are plenty of events coming up imho so that is probably why the age average . 
  so younglings are `` investing '' in other events and skipped queen as it is n't their cup of tea . 
  not because they do n't like queen but there are more suitable alternatives . 
  we have our \u00f5llesummer and weekend coming up , both have world famous djs/remixers appearing the former having a really cheap ticket price and the latter being more expensive but brining a lot more famous names up on stage . 
  so the bang per buck is a lot better , queen was like 50-70 euros right ? 
  i have faith in most of estonian society to determine what is and what is n't dangerous . 
  sons of odin is so far a fringe group , a localized social outcry . 
  i would currently categorize them with some religious groups trying to convince people of `` their truth '' who also hand out materials and sometimes vocally preach in meetings . 
  a bigger issue is ekre i would say , they have a bigger platform . 
  but similary i would find issues with our keskerakond who for long have gone the road of publicity , also their leader taking handouts from russia - they are still on the political landscape . 
  so i say live and let live , unless they start realistically harming people they can convince me or anyone else of their truths .
