  also trott . 
  edit : , i remain, 
  i think you being a female kind of leverages this , flatshare/flat offers like to put `` preferred female '' in their ad as females are more tidy , clean , quiet etc by average . 
  so they probably would be more trusty that you can look after your dog and their apartment will still be clean . 
  also you staying for a fixed period of time makes it easier for them to know that their apartment wo n't get that much time to get chewed or haired up by the pet . 
  for your budget i am quite sure you will find something , there are plenty of offers in that range . 
  oh wow that guide seems awfully saturated with all kinds of info , i have sorted my garbage by trashbins my apartment provides . 
  usually its quite simple and you can tell what goes where by the content of the bin . 
  the waste i sort is :, 
  1 ) paper , cardboard to one, 
  2 ) general waste bin, 
  3 ) anything bigger our house usually sidelines near the trashhouse and a pickup truck is called, 
  i also collect batteries and clothes into separate bags . 
  i know some also have a bio bin but our apartment puts it into general waste . 
  do n't know what the arrangement is , probably extra dosh to pay to the disposal company . 
  the women should start a movement along the lines of `` we so horny , we ca n't stop , we must cut off guys balls as we are n't sexually strong enough to resist ourselves '', 
  if you read the article you would know that they used an argument similar in nature against the women . 
  i was n't recommending them to do it `` do it '' but by reflecting the argumentation back at the mp it would expose how stupid it is . 
  so if the men said that the women should be punished because men ca n't handle themselves might as well start a campaign telling the men to get neutered also as women ca n't handle their urges . 
  what are you talking about guys ? 
  1 ) there is real time tracking as every bus has a gps unit, 
  2 ) there is an app, 
  the app version from google play is [ here ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=rnr.tlnbuss&amp;hl=en ), 
  and the site that the app takes its info from is [ this one ] ( http://soiduplaan.tallinn.ee/#bus/map/en ), 
  on site and in app if you click a bus line you will see real time where the vehicles are . 
  we must of read two totally different articles . 
  the mp logic that women need fgm to stop men is ... illogical . 
  men would still sleep with women as their pleasure would not be hindered in any way . 
  the ` insult ' simply shows how wrong the thinking is , call men weak and say women have to cut themselves . 
  not really helping the cause for women but perhaps different types of cultures and different understanding . 
  yes ... i do realize and know what circumcision is . 
  what has it got to do with anything ? 
  this !, 
  using public transport is fantastic for the reason of having free time to use your mobile . 
  with a self driving car you would have all the perks of a personal transport that you do n't have to share , while driving from a to b to do daily stuff . 
  his a 18 year old blonde slutty girl at ~ ~ his ~ ~ her ~ ~ heart ~ ~ gut . 
  i somewhat actually enjoy the skillgap , brings extra hilarity . 
  i just love seeing sjin , duncan , simon being all good players . 
  also as hopefully they play more we will see hatts improve . 
  currently we get the best of both worlds , laugh at how bad some people play it ( even lulu has done this ) and be amazed at perfect combos . 
  simon obv is a wild card , can pull off amazing feats and then ... run and melee a witch . 
  basically this 100 % , i would do everything to be like this :, 
  master hind and seek player . 
  this , if you want to be mean to someone with words you obviously will pick a ` painful ' subject . 
  as it is the internet and no one knows anyone people tend to go for stereotypes . 
  same way real life bullying goes , anything outside the norm gets called out and bullied . 
  most of us mature out of it but people with anonymity tend to act differently . 
  so a girlish sounding guy ? 
  call her a woman and gay !, 
  a black guy ? 
  do some sort of racist jokes !, 
  a girl ? 
  ask why she is gaming and ask her about sandwiches !, 
  someone sounding older ? 
  why are you playing pops ? 
  someone with a lisp ? 
  immediately start calling him a retard and asking him or her to say difficult words !, 
  why do people do this ? 
  there could be a myriad of reasons . 
  i would propose in the cs : s case people probably decided that it was a lot more fun and interesting instead of gaming to troll a bit . 
  he could play round after round of cs : s for a week but getting a situation where he can troll on a girl is probably rarer . 
  so the fun of trolling took over the fun of actually playing . 
  if they have time in their day to play 1 hour or however long of cs : s i would believe they have time from their busy schedule to put that on hold and troll a bit . 
  this is another effect . 
  for each person encountering that female with a mic is special , to you it is normal cause ... you are you . 
  same way you get back from a vacation , what will you get immediately tired of ? 
  how are you ? 
  where were you ? 
  are you relaxed ? 
  how are you ? 
  how , what , how etc etc. 
  every person will ask you as for them it is the first time asking from you . 
  for you of course being the but end of the questions , you get tired of it mighty fast . 
  so the moral is ... i do n't know , f them , switch servers until you find one who do n't care . 
  edit : read down a bit and people tend to bring up sexism . 
  i would think that is bs . 
  they might use sexist remarks but the overall idea is that they pick on whatever they think is exiting and to them seeing , well , hearing a female is exiting . 
  not in a sexual way but a fun category of thing to say , talk about vaginas and simply troll to get a reaction . 
  if we look at real life situations , have any of you been in a group where there is 3 girls and a guy ? 
  same exact stuff can happen . 
  the humor category often turns into `` battle of the sexes '' as its such an easy thing to pick and as there are 3 girls to keep bringing the jokes you even as a guy will be overspoken as you ca n't keep up . 
  tldr : they trollin and not only women , also some people enjoy drama, 
  mr.president ? 
  the chicken channel - [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucavuuqy7isejxfhwtw5thjg ), 
  this is what i hate about drinks . 
  there are no healthy ones . 
  water , that is basically it and even this can be dangerous if it has too much chlorine if you drink tap . 
  then comes tea , but its not adviced to drink too much, 
  then comes coffee , but again worse than tea , not much recommended at all, 
  then perhaps milk but again , do n't drink too much , depending on the fat percentage you are still drinking calories and fats, 
  then uhh ... we are running out of stuff , wine is probably the next one that you can drink like half a glass off every day and be ok . 
  its like an infinite circle . 
  you f some one , you birth someone , you marry it , then you f with the new one ... profit ? 
  for some reason woman on woman action still sounds hot . 
  : / even if it is batshit crazy situation and in no way healthy for either side mentally . 
  that bullet through head part is shady at best . 
  after ww2 cia was still doing active mission looking for hitler in argentina ( reports were unclassified like a year ago ) . 
  `` hitler skull piece '' was tested to be of a woman . 
  also very few people actually saw hitlers dead body , so it would be easy to corroborate a story . 
  same way quite a few of different lifestyle people swore they worked for hitler in argentina , as house staff , builders etc.
