hi , i would like to ask about how many men did estonia manage to get overseas and what did they do ? 
  i mean some years before finnish troops helped estonia in their independence war , i am quite sure i heard some returned the favor . 
  also was the ability to face the red army in the estonian war of any use , i mean some of these guys already saw how the red army fights so was that info any good ? 
  secondly i heard that the finnish troops , army tradition wise were a bunch of slackers , meaning they did n't drill that much , mostly preferred a drink with their superiors and similar actions of apathy . 
  this however from my memory actually served as a positive as the men fought as one not fearing their own superiors worse , than the enemy and were n't tired by overly teaching strict rules . 
  is there any truth to this `` low army standards '' idea ? 
  besides going by the above paragraph this lack of fear from superiors and more of bonding as friends caused them to actually route faster and give up too much ground than higher commanders would of liked . 
  is there any truth to that the army was n't that solid at their lines ? 
  lastly i would ask you how would you actually rate russian tactics and commanders . 
  how fast did they learn what finnish troops were doing to them . 
  was there any noticeable change in their tactics . 
  did they build their camps differently , change patrol routes during night . 
  have more guards ? 
  different ways to move around with more flanking forces ahead to stir off any ambushes ? 
  surely the russians did n't simply copy-paste tactics throughout this war or did they ? 
  i think south park is a special case and can get away with toilet humor . 
  they are smarter then that level and carry on an episode arch of a social lesson or jab at anything going on politically with phuns in form of toilet humor or slapstick comedy . 
  like a cool uncle who you are watching a comedy with and during the break he will ironically tell you stupid stories . 
  besides they have layered it perfectly . 
  the toilet humor is told through the eyes of small kids who are into this kind of black and white thinking and crude sayings . 
  a joke amount `` mongorians '' is n't funny but add to that blatant racism , comments about beating up small kids and social comments on `` they will move away '' you have shock humor that will leave you thinking what just happened . 
  the animation and voicing is also very part of why certain obviously stupid things seem funny . 
  the fact it very much looks like a childrens cartoon mirrors what is going on . 
  i guess i would say sp uses toilet humor as kind of a filler as some use it as the main act . 
  a lot of the cases the phuns when told 2-3 in a row and laced with other forms of politically incorrect or blatantly idiotic stuff makes it pass as a decent joke . 
  it 's like a lame warm-up band that you kind of go `` meh , i guess it can pass '' but it still manages to build you up for the main punchlines along the way . 
  coming from a country in some ways similar to ukraine , namely estonia i believe i can understand some sides of the problem others might not . 
  like being in the su , joining the eu sphere and having a russian minority . 
  namely why did n't ukraine jump ship so to speak when they gained re-independence in 1991 ? 
  it was almost logical for the baltics to look toward europe after having our country taken by the su to seek support . 
  also is it yanu who crossed over the `` red line '' so to speak and became the last straw to break the camels back or have these notions to switch teams ( or at least distance from russia ) been apart of the population for long ? 
  can you also explain the origin of the initial peaceful riots . 
  what exactly was the poll that people voted on that yanu did n't want to hear about and took russian money ? 
  did crimea or the east protest against yanu or was there support for the president there ? 
  i mean if he escaped the country surely he did n't feel himself at ease even in crimea or the east of russia right ? 
  how important is crimea in terms of economy , how much resources does it hold , ports etc. 
  is it a major industrial area that brings in the gdp ? 
  will you lose any oil reserves or what-not ? 
  and just out of curiosity besides the freak stories of eu bankers ( hey at least here in estonia we have swedish banksters and sweden does n't seem to go down soon ) what are the bad sides you would think would come out of eu ? 
  i mean try as i might i look at russia and then i look at countries who associate with eu . 
  on one side you have russia . 
  then you have sweden , uk , norway , finland , france , germany who mostly associate with the union or eu side ( well obviously ) . 
  russia has their share of conspiracy theories just as the zionist/bankster/illuminaty controlled west side has . 
  i mean i am quite sure a swede would simply laugh at the face of a russian conspiracy theorist ( no offense to russians ) and simply say `` well i am quite fine in my zionist , bankster controlled country , have fun under gosbadin putin '' . 
  at the end most of us work at a 9-5 job and earn money , no matter if the guy at the very top is a lizard or anti-christ ( according to some ) . 
  i guess i ca n't understand why people play into these theories , i get it banks and corporations get power into the hands of the few becoming more powerful than certain countries . 
  it is n't however a side problem , it 's a global problem how the structure is built up giving power to a few . 
  great we are n't under banksters , all hail putin !, 
  seems like a idiotically ironic concept do n't you agree ? 
  expand your `` globalist agenda '' view if you can perhaps . 
  oh and last but not least would you comment on the 8 supposed candidates for presidency . 
  how many of them are ultra-west-right-wing guys . 
  any might appeal to russian side ? 
  did i ask too much ? 
  you can be honest , others might not post walls of text then like i did . 
  i am your neighbor nazi and fascist estonia . 
  our nation is a nazi because we allow ww2 veterans to commemorate the war . 
  wait for it , we allow the german soldiers to also commemorate their battle and blue hills as we allow red army veterans to commemorate and celebrate . 
  * such nazis right !, 
  also we moved a ww2 memorial from city center to a military cemetery . 
  * again how can europe stand us !, 
  such nazis and fascists !, 
  we do have some skinheads or/and neo-nazis but ours are n't cutting off heads of foreigners as some other countries . 
  i mean honestly some political parties have shown more teeth than our skinheads or neo-nazis . 
  i can only find activity in wikipedia and attacks in 2008 seem to be the last ones on there . 
  so either no one has edited the wiki for 6 years on the estonian part or nothing really has n't happened . 
  did russia actually specify where these supposed elite training camps are located in lithuania ? 
  i find it 's hard to prove a negative . 
  even if you showed the place empty they would go `` it is underground in secret nazi bunkers ! '' . 
  but seriously all lame jokes aside russia is kind of a bully still . 
  i would like if russian push would backfire and sweden , finland and others would actually join nato because of it . 
  i mean baltics are already in nato so the border of `` the horrible zionist jew bankster lizard obama controlled west '' is close to the pure-arian race of russia . 
  how can we estonian and latvians nazis live like this . 
  we should ask russia into our country ourselves to save our russian minorities . 
  i guess it is the old `` find an enemy to unite your people '' formula . 
  it is becoming stupidly like a comedy . 
  the claims they make to call someone a fascist does n't even make sense . 
  soon you will be a fascist for protesting for your country . . in your own country ... oh wait , that already happened . 
  i bet the ukranian side was funded and trained by pro-western spanish football squad . 
  the result is illegitimate and until russia get their own referee to ref the game the result wo n't count . 
  i can . 
  for every once a year we have victory day that the red army like to celebrate . 
  this basically mea n't that a meaningful sized crowd gathered in downtown of the capital , drank a little vodka , waved their communist flags , all more or less good . 
  a little disruptive but it is once a year and for that no one really bothered . 
  now for a little historical backdrop . 
  obviously for russia it is mostly clear cut . 
  they were attacked and drove back nazi germany . 
  for us the first to invade us was the eastern side and the long occupation period after . 
  so a couple of years under nazi germany and a long time under communist stalin . 
  the latter side managed to do a lot of damage to our people . 
  the gulags/siberia/nkvd / political jail and murders/russification/brining in foreign people just to mix the local populace . 
  it happened in other parts of the su but as we already were a small population and just had lost people to fights in ww2 , civilian and recruits for both red army and german army + those who escaped to western parts of the world . 
  it kind of doomed our nation as a we lost a chunk of our population . 
  every family knows someone who was lost in the war . 
  also it crippled our nation as a whole as the newly brought russian who worked in factories and what not had a radically different take on history and views who to support , obviously they were russian . 
  we were estonian . 
  it 's like trying to make a nation of native americans see eye-to-eye with british colonizers . 
  obviously the hope was exactly this . 
  to make estonians russian over time . 
  well as we were somewhat different to our neighboring slavs and had kept our identity through our quite different language and a different origin as people we did n't quite take it that well .
