  after all every one of these kids has to be in service for 2 years ( if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  sacrificing 2 years of your life to military training is no mean feat . 
  during those years they will adjust and succumb to the military life , on the way they will learn the basics of firing , weapon types , maintaining equipment , commands , small unit tactics & movement , army routine , patrols , camp types . 
  all you basically need as a basic soldier in an army to do the most useful and needed stuff . 
  never mind the physical form they build over these years to endure all the walking , stress , little sleep , weather , gear carrying . 
  on the open such menial things like being able to sprint a little more than your opponent are just as important as choosing a firing position or being accurate with a gun . 
  as to why send them ? 
  well if russia wants to take over eastern ukraine fast they would need a lot more than their special assignment units to keep everything under their control . 
  they would n't simply have enough spetsnaz to do all this , eastern ukraine is a big area with big cities . 
  obviously the realistic situation is this is just a random video by two guys who got bored in their barracks and decided to make a little video . 
  i doubt their immediate superiors or they know what they are there for . 
  russia has done such big drills here and there to keep the local military leaders alert and in form . 
  ukraine or no ukraine . 
  can someone translate what the woman in white was talking with the ua guy ? 
  starts somewhere after 6:00 `` ne pravda '' i understand as `` not true '' but they go way too fast for my brain to understand any words . 
  well i am glad for the guys . 
  did a re-check , seems like it happened in 2008 . 
  how on earth did i miss that news . 
  still believed russians were sent for 2 years . 
  before i relied on russians at least being well broken down from army training and reliable conscripts . 
  now with 1 year and as you say , out of those 12 months even less experience i would question their readiness in a combat situation . 
  i mean in theory you could cram the most basic knowledge into a intensive 3-4 month military course but then you would n't really ` break ' people . 
  they would n't snap into military mode if needed that willingly or easily after some years . 
  people would have knowledge but little experience . 
  so actually i am quite happy to learn about this . 
  it 's nice to know even russia managed to drop their service time and are focusing on a payed army . 
  in some way it shows russia is joining rest of the world and not training people to fight . 
  russia out of all nations does n't need a potential force of 70 million male conscripts trained for 2 years anymore . 
  now if only us and china cooled off with their military spending and size . 
  thanks . 
  was hoping something more political but a simple bs talk from both sides . 
  parents were probably more about venting their anger against the ua . 
  ua were trying to say things that would shut them up but seemingly angered them more for going for a cop-out `` we are uhh . . like the police '' statements that are true but a little skewed interpretation of the real situation . 
  nice , as another eastern european nation with conscription service we got 2 pairs of boots + wellingtons ( ones pair of boots are brand new and ones are used , brand new ones are meant for barracks duty and looking dapper , used ones you simply trash away on the field . 
  besides brand new ones you have to walk in for some time before they wo n't hurt so it kind of works out that way ) . 
  we could also switch boots if they break down , usually a higher in rank would check the complaint out and simply take you to the storage to pick up new ones . 
  we did get a shitload of socks though . 
  like 5 pairs of those half cotton boot socks , 2 pairs of full cotton ones for winter and 3-4 pairs of regular socks that you could still wear inside boots . 
  most had their own socks as even half cotton socks were too warm for most time of the service . 
  no special allowance for clothes though as we were conscripts and not many would buy clothes , we would have no need for them in the long run anyway . 
  so we got just regular candy money each month ( we did buy some stuff like better scarfs and gloves with our own money though on a group initiative ) . 
  funnily the single piece of kit that we were responsible for and had to replace with our own money where a special glasses kit with 3 shades ( dark brown , yellow , white ) . 
  i think it was even us made . 
  even more fun was that you could n't replace individual parts and had to buy an entire kit if a piece went missing . 
  a ` piece ' was even a single nose support that glasses have . 
  guess what part of the glasses kept getting lost by multiple people ? 
  those nose supports as in the heat of a situation you do n't exactly babysit your equipment . 
  even less a semi opaque 1 cm rubber thingy that you literally ca n't even see as it 's in your blindspot ( on the nose ) when in use . 
  and even more funny , that equipment piece cost about 40 eur or 55 usd . 
  so we had guys paying 55 usd for losing a single nose support on a piece of glasses . 
  well you could group up with 6 people ( as each kit had 6 pieces of those nose supports ) if everyone was missing a piece but still . 
  equipment problems can be idiotically silly during military times . 
  you are welcome !, 
  it feels good to have 3 friendly neighbors ( latvia , finland and sweden by coast ), 
  it 's quite fun that we turned our main `` nokia '' of our own success , armored trains toward latvian lands and helped free northern latvia with latvians from baltic germans and those russian reds that where left there . 
  latvia is like a family member to estonia , we might not talk all the time but we know we have each other to rely on if times are though and can simply visit each other to go `` meh , all is same , no big potato '' but at least the potato is growing , hoping politburo not stomp on it . 
  `` added to this were the war reparations germany needed to pay ; '', 
  was n't this considered more or less a busted myth ? 
  a lot was asked from germany but in reality little was given . 
  germany simply did n't pay and no one really cared to force them to conjure up money . 
  it was more down to the global financial crisis thanks to the war , workforce losses and inflation that caused major problems economically . 
  again all more or less because that the entire world ended up in a war and certain processes got speed up and hit at the same time . 
  in other words germany was in such a big hole that there was no way but up to go . 
  so any politician or government with the hint of a brain would of started getting germany on track . 
  i mean germany as a country/resource/production wise was a major power , they would n't been able to afford to be a major player in ww1 if they were n't . 
  they simply had a temporary setback thanks to the war . 
  the base to found a good country was still there . 
  you can burn a forest down but the seeds to grow that forest back are still in the ground . 
  the most important ground and seeds do n't disappear . 
  the question is just the time it takes . 
  hitlers propaganda side of placebo'ing the entire nation into refinding their national pride and adding military production as a major industry made it that much faster . 
  now that i looked into the given amounts ( putting my trust in wiki here ) germany did n't pay a lot at all . 
  a number is given after adding all the years together until 1932 , germany payed 2,4 % of their national income . 
  also a theory is given that perhaps the victors actually put more into germany by helping monitor germany and rebuild farms/factories etc. 
  i did find an interesting fact that apparently germany did take loans out to repay even these amounts but during hitler times the payments where stopped . 
  these loans were payed up just recently in 2010 as the amounts given back where ` symbolic ' in nature . 
  so there you have it , until 2010 germany had ww1 payments due . 
  `` my grandmother told me that he was an excellent boxer . '', 
  to play the devils advocate for a second i do n't think anyone would say `` well he was quite horrible at his hobby '' to anyone . 
  is ... is that god ? 
  `` tin can death traps '', 
  you do realize btrs are n't meant to fight tanks ? 
  they are btr that literally stand for armored transport . 
  might as well go on a rant about how volvo 's and bmw are total shit against t-34s . 
  one is mea n't to carry troops from place to place and provide support to their troops . 
  other is a designed battle tank . 
  how many troops can you carry inside that t-34 armor ? 
  well i think wiki articles kind of summed ` the before ' up pretty well . 
  in one sentence germany instead of trying to tax their own people , simply loaned from others to pay for the war preparations and years in war without really thinking of the negative outcome . 
  i mean no one really could think of such things , no ww had ever been held . 
  i am pretty sure the inflation was taken into account when calculating what germany did pay historically , the tables i saw had modern values next to them for comparison . 
  you jump to the year 1934 with your example but by 1932 all payments for war reprisals where canceled so that makes it a moot point . 
  i think i found the book online so i might start slowly reading it through . 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  just finishing a book about the winter war . 
  but that was my exact point . 
  you claim a btr is a tin can death trap . 
  well against a bloody tank obviously it is . 
  it 's still mainly designed to be a transport . 
  yes it is used as a squad support platform thanks to the mounted cannon .
