  to cut off nostalgia glasses , even by a bit , i recently started re-playing morrowind . 
  for me skyrim - morrowind - oblivion, 
  * it was the perfect blend of morrowind + oblivion ( what both got right ) . 
  a more interesting and varied setting like morrowind . 
  less copy-paste than oblivion . 
  * a very good step in the right direction . 
  fixed combat , fixed animations , fixed faces , fixed leveling . 
  a whole lot of `` throw the bad bits out , keep good bits and improve '', 
  * a questionable decision was the further dumbing down of systems , they `` fixed '' acrobatics by completely removing it , weapon classes were further melted together , leveling up made you choose to give +10 to one of three stats etc. 
  dumbing down is actually a good thing on the whole as it really does remove annoying stuff but it also does constrict the game . 
  morrowind :, 
  * to this day one of the leading aspects is the world and setting . 
  skyrim is generic viking land , oblivion generic medieval land . 
  morrowind is truly something else , it 's morrowind . 
  nothing really compares to it and for that makes it interesting to explore , learn . 
  * also the last `` harsh '' game , no quest markers , no fast travel . 
  it made you work for completing quests and made it that much rewarding . 
  * what they seriously got wrong is combat , it was awful . 
  like d&d ramped to mach speed in first person . 
  nothing worked and they simply got away with it as other aspects of the game were fine . 
  oh animations sucked also , until skyrim you started seeing ok ` ish looking walking and other animations . 
  graphics are are n't nothing to boast about nowadays but mods fix this . 
  oblivion :, 
  * some quest lines were epic . 
  dark brotherhood and thieves guild stood out . 
  you really felt like these guys would be doing exactly this if oblivion somehow became real . 
  the rewards were nice and seeing your rank change as you advanced in the quest line made me scream with glee . 
  you felt important . 
  * the world was all too much `` generic medieval land '' with copy/paste all over the place with little changes . 
  i seriously hated oblivion gates after some hours in , they were literally copy-paste dungeons . 
  avoided them like the plague . 
  also rest of the world , dungeons , random surrounding was quite copy , paste with little differences . 
  it meant you kind of guessed if you went exploring you really did n't find anything that interesting . 
  * having lambasted the world . 
  imperial city did stand out as a setpiece . 
  it really was awe inspiring and it felt fun to explore it . 
  this made it even more harsh to see everything else look so similar with having such an awesome city at the start . 
  * ugly npcs , broken leveling system . 
  oh god the npcs , even when oblivion was top of the line graphics the npc 's felt a little off and were fat looking . 
  the leveling also ruined the game , literally . 
  leveled up non combat skills ? 
  too bad , enemies just became that much stronger and since your combat skills are still shite you will be fighting stronger enemies . 
  the concept of monsters leveling with you was in it 's own something that ruined the game , what point is there to become stronger if everything became stronger with you ? 
  ruined the immersion . 
  mods fixed this but when i played i did n't realize i needed this until too late , at that point i played through it as i do n't like to start modding mid game and i do like a pure playthrough usually before i mod a game . 
  as far as i understand they checked part of the vehicles . 
  at which point russia went `` too slow ! '', 
  and rode through the ukrainian border on their own will . 
  i must say what i like about this is they are very good rolemodels for younglings . 
  this thought came to me when a younger girl asked a question and the camera caught how her possibly mother laughed along with the answer . 
  i mean they are n't angles but they are a lot more down to earth than some stars . 
  also thanks to them being shown in such detail and we basically hear them speak their opinion daily , by games , but still their personality comes through . 
  so just wanted to say this was kind of very sweet and honest q&a . i felt like it was really video makers and video viewers . 
  not like some super stars vs fans . 
  they do n't try to act like a star though they have a large following . 
  but there is a difference on satire and real racism , homophobia . 
  also there is cancer humor . 
  edit : thanks for the down-jaffa, 
  well not really . 
  i live in a transit country . 
  depending on the level of checks it is quite a normal thing for lorry drivers to be in cue +3 days sometimes . 
  since it is a very politically dense setting i am sure they went for the most extreme possible check . 
  also they got like immediate +250 trucks on the border and any other vehicles they had to serve . 
  i mean it could of just as well be a political play to stall but as i do n't know the exact capacity they managed to let trucks through before i wo n't be able to judge that . 
  as part of a training i once even learned how a border car check was done . 
  a small vehicle took like 10-20 minutes . 
  we had to question the person , had to have about 3 people , more if there are others in vehicle to make it safe ( might be smugglers and turn hostile ) . 
  then go through all sides of the car , use a uncomfortable tool to check the underside . 
  check the merchandise or trunk . 
  this was a simple check by the way . 
  i am sure a more in-depth search takes a lot longer , wheels , hollow places inside the truck , fuel tank . 
  nevermind trucks being quite big to begin with and with a lot of cargo it take even longer . 
  well the video epitomized all the yogpods , they got an idea ( 10 questions ) and the video become more about them discussing the actual 10 question idea and why it sucks and answering with copious amounts of sarcasm instead of actually answering 10 questions . 
  and there lies the difference in western vs russian thinking if you by your own words find this immoral . 
  well we are n't doing extremely well , that is true . 
  that does n't exactly translate to badly either . 
  we are stuck with 2007 gdp more or less in estonia . 
  the economic crisis hit in 2008-9 and we are still -1.2 % from our 2007 gdp in 2014 . 
  it was said that 2014-2015 was to bring bigger growth spurts ( around 4 % or so ) but as we now see , the ukraine situation hit and again ... 
  actual fact . 
  d&d rewrote some of their stuff cause it made references to demons and the devil . 
  the game managed to get a lot of bad press . 
  they did simply rename their monsters and include them later though so that shows how stupid this thing is even from a christian perspective . 
  `` you have the devil in the game ! '', 
  `` oh wait , it 's called ned now ? 
  i guess that is ok '', 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  it wo n't fit through the pipes of the internet . 
  the only movie i knew him from and he was a side actor but my god . 
  i seriously remember him really really well and loved the old enthusiastic professor he played . 
  kind of similar to miyagi from karate kid presence wise . 
  this scene has stayed with me and the delivery is goose bump worthy . 
  i literally watch jurassic park re-runs for richard and obviously goldblum . 
  is it tom the zach galifianakis ? 
  sips is basically a person gifted with the ability of dry humor and story telling . 
  his humor is not usually based on fast hitting jokes one after another . 
  his more of a narrative based jokester , he likes to take story as far as he can to the obscure corners of his mind . 
  he does have a pretty good ability of observational humor and the ability to parallel silly comparisons . 
  he is basically the guy who start a conversation with something that makes you cringe or be the guy to continue someones joke with follow-up jokes expanding the premise with further questions . 
  so trott took a lot of selfies , big deal .
