  later when they flew back it was allowed for that reason . 
  i think mr.motorola overreacted and possibly did n't know the reason . 
  political leaders of this caliber who have direct control over that said conflict should n't make comments like this . 
  it diminishes their diplomatic position and reception . 
  basically do n't be bush who makes off the cuff comments , jokingly or not , that might be seen as stupid . 
  people wo n't take you seriously if you do this long enough . 
  i do n't live in your household . 
  what happened today ? 
  well that is the logical reasoning that shipping something is more expensive than running it through a pipe . 
  still i would like to know what the actual price on the market would be for gas through pipe . 
  how much is the running costs of a pipeline and how much profit does russia make ? 
  some numbers in lithuania being thrown around is that they would get 30 % cheaper gas with this station . 
  this was just some local lng station leader who seemed to be associated with the deal but if it is true it seems russian prices are high and this competition might lower it . 
  seemingly russia offers prices from one extreme to another across europe . 
  there does n't seem to be a market minimum price they have to fulfill . 
  i think sips is into 1990s moldovian disco pop dance music and italian porno bow-chika-bow-vow backdrop sounds . 
  casus belli , now separatist rebels will open a new front from the eastern border of estonia . 
  not / s. 
  i thought i missed some major news and did n't relate it to the fapgate . 
  til russian officers have the ability to predict the future . 
  we should complain . 
  we want more civ v !, 
  we want more civ v !, 
  currently there is no series going . 
  omg thanks , / / title , the simplest thing actually works . 
  i can use googledoc own commands to format the text as they have an equivalent to str.replace but the idea is good . 
  i am sorry for the wrong reddit . 
  i searched for a subreddit and noticed several xpath questions came from here so i thought xpath can be , in some strange way , belong under php as people asked here . 
  strange that there are no xpath subreddits though . 
  at any rate , thank you a lot !, 
  you have given me actually 3 good ideas of what to go for . 
  oh fuu . . what do you say neighbors . 
  some good old medieval baltic nation war ? 
  did n't know we had the most active troops ( by whatever standard ) . 
  i am worried about those latvian tanks . 
  estonia stronk !, 
  capture latvia potato field strategic resource . 
  that was an odd thing in this video , agreed . 
  something out of hollywood . 
  notice that his body seemed mostly intact so probably something under him blew up that still had enough plating to cover him from direct blast heat/damage but the kinetic energy had enough force to propel him ( and go through him obliterating his organs and any chance of survival for being so close to the blast ) . 
  i remember that matrix map . 
  lobby with breakables , that roof window . 
  also i remember a mansion map that was quite pretty . 
  i loved the characters although i only remember max payne and neo from the top of my head . 
  oh and of course agent smith . 
  it was such a bad ass mod . 
  the fights really were epic . 
  actually i would recommend gunz to anyone who liked this . 
  it 's not specialists but it did have an awesome class that actually made you viable going against guns with swords , you could do some amazing stunts while closing in on your target . 
  highly satisfying as this mods gameplay . 
  edit : apparently they released gunz 2 already . 
  notice that one very particular word . 
  something ... something about that word . 
  hm lets see , maybe we can solve the puzzle . 
  estonia ... estonia ... oh . . hmm . . they speak . . hm . . estonian . 
  that word is ... hmm ... sounds ... german . 
  now lets see what entity hated jews . . hmm ... there is this guy hitler . 
  almost seems like there is something odd that estonians suddenly used german words . 
  also it seems german invasion and jew killing in estonia after it was declared judenfrei go hand in hand with matching time periods ... hmm ... no . . but this possibly ca n't show any correlation . 
  also estonia would probably be the worst ethnic cleanser ever . 
  what are you doing estonia ?!, 
  you stupid bastards , you let 75 % of your jewish population freely board ships and drive off with cars to either the west or soviet union . 
  quick schueaj , invent a timemachine and tell those silly-old-goose estonians that encouraging and letting 75 % of their jewish population get away before the germans arrive is no way to carry out an ethnic cleansing . 
  they are supposed to kill the 75 % , not let them escape , silly little estonians . 
  should of yelled `` mooooom , lisa is masturbating and wo n't hand me mario kaaart , but moooommmm !! ... '', 
  i still do n't understand exactly what purpose do you propose this would fulfill ? 
  i was referring to the extraction . 
  i simply ca n't fathom the idea of `` safe extraction '' by making it an international scandal and putting the name under spotlight . 
  if anything it will make this guy a household name . 
  not something you want your supposed agent to have . 
  people will know his face , name and other information from the media . 
  are there any examples of `` safe extractions '' like this were you expose your agent to the public ? 
  i do agree it can be viewed as some kind of message or `` water testing '' . 
  i would wait until we get the guy back and see what he has to say . 
  so far russia outplayed the west annexing crimea without any solid response . 
  still grabbing territory in 21 century is always a win over anything else . 
  that land will produce goods for russia +500 years from now ( if they manage to keep it ) . 
  we have yet to see how far eu/us and others are willing to go against russia , the end game is still in the making . 
  in my opinion russia is playing against too many opponents , a country with around 140 million and around ~ ~ 4 ~ ~ 2 trillion economy . 
  us wo n't probably default in a while before they run their economy to the ground so russia is still dealing with around 17 trillion economy , 314 million people just from the us . 
  russia actually made the push while both eu/us are down . 
  problem is us will probably continue pushing off the problem . 
  eu needs every penny to fund defaulting non-fiscally responsible economies who borrow too much . 
  the world wo n't be heading for glory in a while and if eu/us default in any manner it will hit close by partners pretty bad , along with russia . 
  bringing down russian economy is another thing that should n't be happening right now but i would say putin was banking on it , seeing how no one would risk it . 
  they did . 
  it would be a good information base to spread among those who still say `` no russian active military in ukraine '' . 
  the proof we have are usually multi source and each piece can be written off as `` not enough to prove anything '' . 
  if there was a common official report detailing all the information and how it links to russia , it would be a lot easier to explain . 
  i mean for example rt grabbed onto the nato satellite pictures but slammed it down with a simple `` fake , does n't prove anything '' . 
  if there was a more diverse pieces of evidence with multiple bits of information they would have to do a lot better in explaining it all away . 
  so who spoke to them to get the information about building something ? 
  edit : why was this downvoted o_o , i seriously just wanted to know where were they spoken to . 
  most of it is indeed natural resources . 
  wikipedia ( primary sources from eia and world bank ) give the numbers 70 % total exports and 52 % budget revenue come from oil/gas . 
  fixed the 4 . 
  i was going by ppp number and not gdp nominal to get the 4 . 
  ok so a deputy actually saw them and us themselves posted pictures of their troops . 
  so not something very covert if they do it in broad daylight and themselves post photos . 
  seems like a very strange thing to happen .
