  emulating a `` human like mouse movement '' would take probably some weeks or months for botters to crack as every input we give to our pcs can be emulated . 
  a top moment of yogscast . 
  lewis best rage ever and sijn topped it off with a perfect troll streamsnipe moment . 
  if there exists comedic timing in civ 5 sijn mastered it with that scout capture . 
  in hindsight i think you have to admit how wrong you were . 
  what an amazing ride it was . 
  even if the game was half bonkers with no city states , barbs , ryth missing and a crash here and there , it was ... bloody ... amazing . 
  welcome to the world of populist politicians , he was trying to get the ye'old say-something-mildly-pro-your-side and wait for the applause to silence the opposition . 
  only thing the applause from the studio did n't happen and the nato guy actually got to speak a little again . 
  it reminded me of the late christopher hitchens who literally went onto some studios and called everyone a f **** moron if they cheered for the sake of cheering . 
  there are plenty of 23 year old people who look youngish . 
  just for kicks , google `` 23 year old guy '' and see what comes up . 
  yeah . 
  i find it silly how pro-russians usually find the `` we needed land for defense '' , `` fins at fault as they did n't accept a peaceful land trade '' as valid reasons . 
  the definition of war or at least the reasoning is land grab and thereby resource grab in turn giving a richer , safer country and people . 
  if you turn the tables and ask if finland should lang grab like 10 km of russian territory + st. petersburg it would be idiotic but somehow grabbing an industry land of finland to make russia feel safe is totally valid . 
  also the oxymoron of becoming an aggressor oneself for the reasoning of fear of aggression . 
  russia has been more or less following the same reasoning to this day . 
  they take very aggressive measures to keep their influence and get mad if anyone disagrees with their point of view . 
   i do n't think anybody would blame finns for what they did . 
  even russians . 
  i have met that anybody then . 
   finland industry was so little that you ca n't believe ussr went in for it . 
  i was talking in context of finland itself , not in comparison to a country that was 10 or more times bigger in land and population . 
  karelian isthmus was a very important industrial region to finland . 
  finland had their own industrial revolution thanks to railroads . 
  it was a transit region between russia , finland and developed fast . 
  never mind having the second largest finnish city in the area . 
   yet it is the current usa foreign doctrine and i do n't see you loosing your shit :p, 
  and that is what made most of the world hate us . 
  their policy of invading nations to preempt terrorism is well above sanity and any valid reason . 
  it creates more dissidents then it kills . 
  also thanks to the change of modern terrorism being more about factions/parties vs us and not specific countries . 
  iraq was the wake-up call of how stupid this policy was . 
  the world was more or less `` ok lets see '' at first but once the facts started coming out, 
   no , their 's nothing in common . 
  while morally discutable , ussr bullying foreign countries was made in a desesperate effort to strengthen the country against a future german invasion . 
  well their realistic idea was also to actually bring communism to all parts of the world ( or at least start with europe ) . 
  having secondary regions of using people and land as cannon fodder to put distance between germany/ussr was a good incentive but as we could see after the threat was dealt with ussr was n't about to let their satellites and annexed territories go as they were trying to unite the workers/farmers and other normal people . 
  arguably part of nazi success was their ability to play themselves to oppose the red expansion and they had valid claims . 
  communist parties were quite aggressively minded and actively worked to bring down country governments . 
  not that nazis were any better , as i said `` they played '' it well so as we know the burning of reichstag was also made to see as a communist party crime when they most probably did it themselves . 
  communists was also seen as the boogieman `` jewish party '' as we have `` jewish banksters '' or `` illuminati shadow governments '' theories of today . 
   russian today has no pressure and is only willing to have friendly/puppet countries around them ( and no nato ) . 
  russia today is stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  they need neighbors to stay with them and act as transit countries or simply trade with them and not other parties . 
  putin himself has said in interviews that he more or less sees russian federation as a domino game . 
  if one region starts ceding others might get ideas . 
  so putin sees the fall of ussr as a mistake more or less , russia gave too much away . 
  even giving finland autonomy before that was a `` mistake '' . 
  arguably putin has a point as the baltics started a slow process of wanting independence once finland managed to get free and finland actually sent troops to help baltics ( estonians ) fight . 
  so the idea is there , there are a lot of different people groups living in the russian federation , that is n't really a federation . 
  the government is quite centralized around moscow and kremlin and other federal parts are n't , if you look into it , that autonomous as moscow can veto anything more or less . 
  heck putin denied the last chechen president , after that the son of akhmad kadyrov took office . 
  he is n't exactly a traditional president and seen as a very `` puppeted '' leader to putin . 
  hardly a federation if one part of the federation gets first picks always . 
  i totally love these amulet thingamajigs . 
  sorry , fixed . 
  those jeans age you somewhat . 
  you know those old people you look at on the street and tell yourself `` well they are old and do n't have to keep up with it '' ? 
  do n't become that yet . 
  buy some tapered and fit or slimfit jeans . 
  also the jean length should fit your leg and not go under your foot . 
  they do n't have to be ball busting skintights , plenty of well fitting jeans on the market . 
  also a very safe hairstyle , maybe grow it out a bit and style it somewhat ? 
  as for looks its hard to judge as you look average and proper , groomed etc , nothing really stands out one way or the other . 
  that is why i guess the eye diverted on the clothes . 
  those are some bro tips to another bro . 
  you are wrong and talking from a 10 year old aged science perspective . 
  firstly meso , ecto , endo types have been proven more or less to be false . 
  secondly if you can eat food and gain energy from it , 99 % sure you will be able to store that nutrient in your body ( eg gain weight ) . 
  i 'm 6 ' 2 and i know i can gain weight if i want to . 
  i am also relatively skinny ( in the below regions of recommended bmi ) but this is because i eat relatively little . 
  if he eats and does basic exercises ( and measures his body parts or just his weight ! ), 
  and also notes down calories eaten he will gradually gain weight !, 
  problem is just as people who become fat take multiple years it does take a little while to bulk up . 
  unless you go for the route of over eating and using supplements . 
  lets see , freddy krueger , alien and the one with the clown in it . 
  also hellraiser . 
  oh and that vampire one where young clooney played . 
  freddy was probably the worst of them all as you obviously had nightmares from the film , kind of a meta plot as it makes it into real life . 
  alien made me think of fast bugs but even as a child i kind of guessed they would n't probably come so not that bad but still memorable . 
  the clown one with tim curry ( atleast i think he acted in it ) was again in real life setting and i was scared of anything random i saw or near small openings as i might get pulled in by the clown ( or freddy ) . 
  hellraiser was just freaking sick and creepy from all mutilation , gore and fucked up stuff , still one of my favorite horrors after i rewatched all of them ( christ , they made like 6-8 movies , later ones were b-roll worth but still watchable ), 
  and that last one was creepy not because of the vampires but the devil guy who more or less corrupted people and had to be invited into rooms by someone so i had this phobia of thinking people were evil and was afraid to go outside my room thinking how long i can survive inside the room ( which was a lot as i was a kid and did n't think of food/water realistically ), 
  well i beg to differ . 
  i am all for `` the age you feel like '' motives but in all honesty , you are n't exactly young if you have grandkids . 
  hmm lets see , i am sure there are a lot . 
  1 ) the one i remember is if they share their drinks . 
  like if they open a bottle of water and if they offer you some . 
  usually people wo n't offer their drink if they think the other person might have bad hygiene or they simply think something is wrong with them . 
  it 's my own personal perk and i have noticed others `` judge '' people in the same way . 
  also it shows how friendly they like to be . 
  2 ) the other one that comes to mind is handshakes , if they do it properly . 
  kind of a general knowledge and savvy level estimator . 
  if they do n't look you in the eye or use a non bare hand to shake hands then they probably have n't been briefed on the `` man code '' . 
  3 ) laugh is another thing actually , someones `` situational laugh '' , fake laugh , actual laugh and so on . 
  you can see if he or she picks up on certain jokes and what makes him or her awkward . 
  i have been in so many situation where this happens now that i think about it . 
  people sometimes totally miss each others conversations and try to act in the way they think is proper .
