  well obviously other normal fighting took place but this was our most effective way to get a head start in the most hard to take places as towns are . 
  as legend goes ( i do n't remember the exact details mind you ) one of the army group leaders who commanded the trains had loved ones in the tartu region and selfishly made them go toward tartu instead of narva to save his relatives first . 
  this was actually something that opened up the entire front and came as a surprise to the opposing russians as they did n't expect our army to move this way in such numbers . 
  also you forgot that russia was at that time in open civil war so not only did that mean they could n't focus but local estonians were somewhat helped by tsar loyalist russians . 
  another thing is that estonia lucked out that germany itself did n't send requested troops to help the local baltic germans who knew they were in bad shape and needed help . 
  oh and the west ( as it benefited them to see a weaker russia ) came to help us . 
  uk sent realistic hardware , danes , swedes , fins came to fight . 
  edit : i just binge `` wikipediad '' and read up on our first communist coup attempt . 
  this shiat played out like an action movie . 
  the guy who commanded the estonian army in latvia apparently was near one of the coup battles having drinks and rushed into battle after hearing prolonged shooting outside the window . 
  if cards do n't have a look how can our eyes be real ? 
  - lewis probably 2020, 
  where 's the irony ? 
  your first two paragraphs and you 're already talking against your own argument . 
  firstly you over emphasize the overestimated threat and then you counter argue with a valid point of `` there have been signs '' basically . 
  russian politicians still have a `` pribaltica '' mentality . 
  just as ukraine is `` not a country , just a doorstep into russia '' . 
  we have gotten unofficial trade sanctions , constant political berating and any decision that goes against russia , russia likes to make itself heard in some kind of economic backslash be it gas prices or rail export/import . 
  russia is currently supporting and in some battles participating with their main armed force contingents . 
  against their best friends a decade ago , ukraine . 
  national security is n't only about full on total war . 
  that base of nato troops is not meant to stand against such actions . 
  as for `` free press '' no one has free press , every nations press has a bias toward their own nationality , culture , nation etc etc. 
  more so that russian press is mostly funded by the government . 
  you would n't attack the hand that feeds you as the saying goes . 
  well there is no `` us love '' in estonia . 
  history has shown us as you correctly pointed out , we are a quite lucky group of people of 1 million who managed to get independent . 
  we need to have some protection . 
  we tried russia with their `` base agreement '' , that sure as hell did n't work out . 
  we hoped that the west would somehow get us back free after ww2 , that did n't work out . 
  the only one left who does something practical is us . 
  so far the only blood spilled in some part thanks to us or nato has been during missions by professional army members who somewhat have themselves to `` blame '' for choosing a dangerous career . 
  so i find it 's more of a neutral feeling or slight positive/negative toward us , never all out love as you described it . 
  us has had quite a lot of backslash due to this `` war hopping '' and as you said bringing democracy . 
  from their own people and other nations . 
  it is somewhat of a global norm to consider the war on iraq a mistake . 
  us has gotten a bad reputation for being the `` police of the world '' . 
  obama in some sense has tried to stop missions aboard as his voters wanted that . 
  it was part of his platform . 
  obviously us or any country uses a war to get something back from it by building parts of the country up again using their own companies . 
  still seeing how us has fared it has n't really payed . 
  us lost a lot more with iraq war than it managed to salvage by creating contracts . 
  war is profit , only works in certain instances and if the campaign drags you will be racking up a lot more costs than profit . 
  us upkeep of their military is a huge sum they need to spend . 
  protect our interests ? 
  we are part of their interests and to a certain extent us will protect our interests as our interests confine with their ones . 
  all out war we will lose but the could be `` poke with a stick '' of provocative war is something the us will most likely help . 
  huge bowl of shit is kind of a eu thing mind you , 2 world wars and countless other big wars in centuries ago . 
  we have always bounced back and ate that big bowl of shit you talk about . 
  your general idea of `` hey , us will go back , why even bother keeping peace ? '', 
  is a strange one . 
  if we fail we fail , at least lets try to keep it together . 
  just because a room gets messy or you dirty does n't mean we should n't clean . 
  whats the first song ? 
  i am literally dying to know . 
  kind of hard for me to judge russians ability in estonian as i ca n't really tell how well someone understood me on average . 
  i have also never seen them write estonian to such extent that i can average it out . 
  i mean if they can they will ( with some mistakes perhaps ) but if they ca n't they will write in russian . 
  as for the need for russian in our society . 
  it 's kind of a vicious circle , it is most needed because we have russian speakers and we need to communicate with them . 
  from a viewpoint other than local russian speakers , i would say we do n't need russian , we could focus on german , finnish , swedish , english , heck even japanese , chinese or mandarin . 
  russian would join this list as a beneficial language to know to conduct trade ( and a window to learn other slavic languages ) . 
  i see it more of a balancing act . 
  we obviously give people choice but the third ( in some cases third and fourth ) language that our children learn should be a balance of the remaining ones to allow for a rough ability for the workforce to communicate with other internationals at a better level . 
  so i do n't see russian as some kind of special language we absolutely need . 
  thankfully younger russians seem to learn english quite well so usually that 's the language to opt for . 
  i do find it quite fun that russians can pick up on my accent . 
  if i 'm aboard and i for whatever reason end up speaking russian with russians they seem to pinpoint `` pribaltika '' , i find it awesome that i can speak russian well enough to even have an accent . 
  i sense a certain lack of singer vinger :d, 
  singer vinger - jumalaga puberteet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iy49stqkwiw&amp;index=5&amp;list=ple906078c29cba382, 
  is terminaator old yet ? 
  terminaator - ajateenija https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qokn0m2ndw, 
  is smilers old yet ? 
  smilers - m\u00f5istus on kadunud https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpl51xgu9ec, 
  almost freaking forgot the greatest `` love to hate '' artist, 
  erich krieger - s\u00f5bra laul https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4twxtqqmk8e, 
  what if i plan on calling suicide hotline ? 
  `` i have many attempts and by god i will ... '' ? 
  disclaimer : internet has made me do cruel jokes . 
  as a fellow baltic citizen i welcome the us . 
  look , we joined nato . 
  as i said before why half arse it ? 
  if we are in nato , lets be in nato and get actual boots on ground . 
  we want protection and we are getting actual protection . 
  i also get the arguments of being made a bigger target but we have been that target , with nato or without . 
  its like asking the kid who fought back against a bully , were n't you afraid of getting hurt ? 
  well he was getting hurt fighting back or not , at least he could hope for some change from the usual . 
  besides get real , the force present is n't that big . 
  it 's just what it is , a show of support . 
  russia is getting their panties in a twist just because of a company/battalion worth of equipment for the whole of eastern europe . 
  be the bear you claim to be and face the results , if you annex back territory be ready for others to react to it . 
  we do protect the minority languages . 
  russia has state/tax payed schools . 
  my working money goes to teach russians in russian language . 
  also if a minority is of certain size they have the right to cultural autonomy . 
  obviously russian minority is big enough . 
  we do not however agree with the policy of shipping 300,000 people of your nation to an area and then claim `` this is our area ! '' . 
  russia did this to kaliningrad and a couple of other areas , they tried to do this in baltic region ( not on such devastating scale though , if you can call changing the makeup of an area by 1/3 -1 / 2 not devastating ) . 
  we estonians have a 45,000 km2 area to live on with about 1 million , leave us the hell alone please . 
  estonian has worked fine beforehand for peasant level population , why do we have to change now to succumb to colonialism ?
