  well i was thinking more along the line that it is flexible enough to allow larger texture sizes , resolutions , bigger poly counts , custom third party shaders , more or less infinite view distance and the rest of the shi-bang , without going crazy or having compatibility issues . 
  on a more general note , netimmerse/gamebryo is still a pretty good versatile engine . 
  all elder scrolls games after mw have been on some version of gamebryo engine . 
  i do n't wish to research the specifics of how powerful gamebryo 1.0 was in relations to other at that time engines but i do remember seeing screenshots of mw and it blew my mind for the graphics . 
  like seeing unreal 4.0 or something at the time . 
  while i understand the sarcasm of the name the subreddit has news about anything relative . 
  if no events are happening in ukraine and other connected events are happening elsewhere obviously they get voted up . 
  as the fighting has cooled down other important factors are getting voted up on this reddit . 
  besides if you look at your screencap you can see that besides the 1 joke one the other ones are connected to a single cause that can be summed up with `` putin mysterious public disappearance '' . 
  this often happens where multiple similar ` ish news get upvoted . 
  when mh17 went down anything and everything of it got upvotes . 
  i used google to search for `` protojerei '' and it seems in serbian a similar word translates to arch-priest . 
  also google was helpful of defining what an archpriest actually is : an archpriest is a priest with supervisory duties over a number of parishes . 
  as a sidenote its fun to read older estonian texts . 
  the guy lived in 1858 to 1931 . 
  the font is quite horrible but i guess people were used to such print at that time . 
  ewww this is freaking sick as hell . 
  who would want to eat pickles . 
  but we are . 
  just like buddhists can be atheists . 
  this crosses into the field of semantics and linguistics . 
  technically an a-theist is someone who simply does n't believe in more or less a `` personal god '' . 
  a god that interferes in form of prophets or handily written `` guidebooks '' . 
  so technically you can believe in as many spirits and healers as you want and still be an atheist or adeist . 
  i think that is why estonian official forms , for example our defense force form has a field for `` atheist '' and `` non-religious '' or `` non spiritual '' to distinguish exactly that . 
  on my wikipedia binge i would say the closest to a religious construct for estonians is shamanism combined with animism . 
  as for actual sources sadly ancient estonians or whoever lived on these baltic coasts did n't really write anything down but from probable ancient rooted traditions as is jaanip\u00e4ev we can guess the ideas behind our forefathers . 
  friends or enemies :d, 
  i would think of them as the original european people who traveled north with their lifestyle of hunter/gatherer until the icecap retreated past the northern shore of finland . 
  so theoretically they could be the `` bravest '' of the bunch of the original settlers who are also the most indigenous to what a true proto-european is . 
  so i think of them as long forgotten early versions of us who thanks to their remote location remained genetically the most original . 
  if a finnish person considers them their `` brother '' i would think of them as my `` half brother '' . 
  `` listen kid , i do n't know who you are , i do n't know where you are going with this car but if you crash it . 
  i will find you , i will get to you and i will kill you and take that car back ! '', 
  was i the only one who got a liam neeson vibe from him ? 
  some store ready made mush potato crap . 
  some sausages on the side . 
  water . 
  also a little brownie ( non hash ) cake for desert . 
  would sub water for tea and get white or black bread but could n't be assed to really . 
  could also go for a pasta dish that has been in the fridge for like 2-3 days that has two sorts of beans , ham and other shiat added to it but already ate it too much so that will go in my tummy tomorrow . 
  chrome overtook firefox for most used browser many years ago . 
  where have you been ? 
  `` no one is using chrome '' , incredibly ignorant when its the most popular browser . 
  back in 1999 your comment might of been relevant . 
  just to give context this sort of thing is a fairly common thing . 
  people hire actual commentators to write or comment with their specific keyword ( s ) to trick search engines into thinking there is worth to whatever they might be commenting for . 
  a more easier concept but parallel is driving actual traffic through those links ( youtube spam comments ) or buying likes for whatever site you need to rank up on . 
  but dicio are n't these things fairly easy to flag or get rid off by big sites ? 
  well yes , most of it is fairly easy to track . 
  that is why people sometimes opt for real life actual commentators as sites ca n't really verify that easily if the intention of that person was for personal gains or he really liked that product . 
  all those `` i do this for free '' comments be happy , most of the time if you worked like this would n't be able to choose a topic and it would eat your soul writing 135 or whatever your rate would be comments per 12h . 
  that would mean about a comment every 5 minutes . 
  seems reasonable but the actual ability to process an article and find a good enough comment in that time will get to you . 
  day in day out . 
  there are ways . 
  from cheap or less cheap proxy systems to remote hosts or direct tunnels to computers . 
  i am sure there are more ways , more so if the government gives some kind of backing to the operation to trick the ip ranges ( or gives funds to set up systems ) . 
  so it is quite expensive if done properly but there is a way to get over the geographical ip boundary . 
  why do people do this ? 
  i am pretty sure you at least have some kind of second hand store nearby where you can get some jacket for yourself ... 
  is this supposed to chock someone ? 
  when i get a phone i usually go on a binge of installing crap on my mobile but later its like meh . 
  i used to go for mobile games but the novelty wore off so now i use my phone as a ... phone and sometimes browser . 
  ahh , i actually never learned what exactly a botnet is . 
  what does the infected computer actually do . 
  need to google it sometime . 
  but seems like something they use . 
  i started playing homm when the 3rd was n't even released yet . 
  i do consider the 4th one also a good game . 
  i still remember the necro campaign about a half dead guy who was trying to make it in this world . 
  i fucking loved the writing/story of it . 
  also h4 bought us the ability to choose our higher tier monsters and fighting heroes , both of these ideas were perfected in h5 . 
  firstly heroes still remained off field but had turns and an attack and later expansions added different creature paths . 
  so i would say while a general fail it was still a good enough game . 
  not a dark time at all and these ideas helped on the formula . 
  h3 will always remain as a near perfect formula of the game though . 
  h5 is probably the best second . 
  as a estonian we share this `` problem/burden/issue '' whatever you call it . 
  i do n't want to stigmatize it as non-citizens are n't exactly a problem , would make it a blame game . 
  the idea to give non-citizen passports was probably part of a wider political stand-up to get away from russian influence . 
  giving a 30 % minority ( in case of estonia ) who could be against your independent nation a citizenship would of possibly seem as shooting ones foot off before the race begins . 
  obviously a lot of the people among those 30 % actually were fully in support of an independent estonia but still , at that time things were decided on the other end of the spectrum and it was seemed probably safer to not have that 30 % minority being able to affect political decisions . 
  kind of like america allowing 30 % british citizens possibly loyal to the queen still run for offices shortly after the independence war . 
  it was n't a clear cut `` we want to remain with estonia '' as some of those among that 30 % were not for estonian independence . 
  that exact % due to the fast pace of decisions needed to be done could n't be decided and again probably a safer route , wrong or right , was decided of a new type of pass port `` non-citizens '' . 
  at least that is what i got from reading up on our history . 
  maybe i am not getting it so take it with a grain of salt . 
  this `` issue '' has been more or less dealt with by the year 2015 though . 
  we used to have 32 % non citizens . 
  now we have 6,3 % non citizens . 
  just out of curiosity i managed to get these numbers for latvia . 
  1991 - around 40 % non citizens . 
  2015 - around 12 % non citizens . 
  so this is something that will get rooted out and we will never really know how the `` what if ... '' question would be answered . 
  chicken or the egg . 
  passport or assimilation . 
  what would be the correct thing to do ? 
  give passport first and then assimilate with generations or assimilate first and then give out passports . 
  i know this sentence is a huge generalization though on the issue at hand .
