  - ~ 150 $ utilities ( internet and other such included ), 
  - ~ 200-300 $ food, 
  - ~ 150-350 $ free money ( gas , clothes , drinks etc ), 
  wow thanks !, 
  i used to love playing homm 3 and i have never seen this stream . 
  also i kind of forgot how much of a early to middle aged lesbian lewis used to look like - i mean it as a compliment , i think . 
  surely the mighty crybabia would suit rythian . 
  you forgot fallout : tactics `` i need to find who in the hell thought this was a good idea '', 
  i do think https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9u-v16gzva&amp;list=pltzhifr5osfdvxpclu3r7hvdpgz3lkldr sips and sjin space program is fairly talk heavy . 
  obviously they also speak about ingame stuff but quite lot of banter as usual . 
  i think you can easily watch all the d&d ( as in dungeons and dragons , not double dragon ) stuff as there is n't very much visual jokes . 
  more so talk . 
  same goes for the board game channel they have , quite a lot of talk based roleplay games on the channel with awesome jokes . 
  no i ca-an ` t. . . * rolls eyes * enyway , hau is your sex life ? 
  the kind of combat that had bandits in glass armor going against you and where every mudcrab to rat leveled up with their health compared to you ? 
  even skyrim with its modern quest marker autogps managed to pull a `` morrowind '' . 
  i remember a quest about someones wife being dead and it specifically tells you that the wife hanged out on a small island that had a cave on it . 
  i managed to search for that body for around a good 30-45 minutes checking inside the cave again and combing the island for a body only to give up and google it . 
  the first sentence was something like `` although it tells you to do n't search there , the body is * insert actual place of body * '', 
  i literally was thinking that they probably on purpose pulled a morrowind . 
  a few of the quests not to have a quest marker and it does this . 
  while i can see why he would say it i think even for that there is a reason . 
  you need to have meaningful dialogue then i can sit through even 30 minutes of dialogue and there is one game series that everyone had 30 to maybe even an hour long `` gameplay '' of just dialogue , they did it well . 
  that game obviously was mass effect where it was freaking wonderful to learn about your companions that fleshed out their personas . 
  if you put generic `` i am an olddd man and i have a legendary family heirlooom , please go to generic temple to avenge my generic father for his generic death ! '', 
  then this dialogue really is drab to listen or to read . 
  if you played at least 1 rpg before you see through copy paste dialogue that is all fluff . 
  it is hard to invent interest in `` medieval rpg '' as is skyrim , morrowind was hella interesting though as it was quite strange of a province to begin with . 
  oblivion was your `` knights in castles '' copy paste and even skyrim is quite generic on the vikings of medieval age copy paste lore that people have seen before . 
  not that is bad but just ... morrowind you did n't have much of a reference point . 
  fallout however should be fun to write for and there should be no limits on stories , a post nuclear futuristic 1930s technology world should write itself with idiotic , gruesome and fun questlines . 
  almost like they should start doing multi version games , a no political correctness +21 y versions and then a drab `` suits everyone '' version to keep their sales high but ... obviously they wo n't pander to a smaller percentage of their audience who is more into rpg 's as we still play even their generic rpgs if the other gameplay elements are good . 
  no they were n't . 
  take off your fanboy glasses . 
  after some level marauders got full set daedric and bandits got glass , elven . 
  what level where you when you played as you probably did n't hit the correct scale yet if you did n't see it . 
  at least at 50-60 level scale . 
  `` daedric weapons are made from raw ebony which has been refined using the craft and magical substances of the lesser minions of oblivion . 
  the process is not a pleasant one for the daedra involved , and the weapons retain echoes of preternaturally prolonged suffering endured during manufacture . 
  ** daedric weapons are the most rare and expensive weapons known in tamriel . 
  that is why you had bandits running around with them asking you to pay 100 gold . 
  i mean come on . 
  oh nice , just to bring it back i have tired playing all of tes , including daggerfall and arena just to get a feel for it but obviously those are sadly too dated and i did n't last long . 
  i love this universe and the idea of these races having their own homelands . 
  oblivion , oh i played it for many hours and completed it on 2 occasions . 
  but it was imho as you said the most `` nostalgia goggled '' game in the series there is , probably the correct timeframe of `` newer gamers '' who have grown off playing oblivion . 
  morrowind was my `` oblivion '' in that case in terms of time . 
  all of the games in the series have had their faults . 
  oblivion was good at some quest lines , i really liked the progression icons in different guilds , i liked their 1.0 version of radiant ai direction , the graphics were amazing for that time , still hold up today with mods . 
  probably stuff i forgot that oblivion did good over morrowind . 
  but , but the faults are so obvious i ca n't understand some people , as is weltkampf , the right mix my arse ... broken leveling where you could actually screw up your chances by leveling the wrong skillset . 
  never mind leveling monsters , they way they leveled was idiotic , just added stupidly large amounts of hp that made them more or less mmo raid bosses in single player . 
  the copy-paste cookie cutter dungeon design ... was so drab . 
  a good example are oblivion gates , the first time , second , third time in a gate was amazingly cool . 
  then you realized they were pretty much all the same and it became a chore to run to the end to capture the sigil stone or whatever it was . 
  i also did n't find the cities or landscape that unique coming off of morrowind memories . 
  as you said voice acting , again very immersion breaking at least for me . 
  they way emotion or even actual voice actors changed for the same npc you talked to , depending on what you asked was ... how on earth did n't they catch that in playtests . 
  i personally belong in the category that from day 1 found oblivion face extremely ugly , everyone was like a smoothed out egg with plastic faces . 
  skyrim imho is the perfect mix though of streamlining/dumbing down or `` new generation game mechanics '' meets a bearable hiking sim/fantasy world for you to explore with quests/story added into it . 
  plot i find is never the strong point out of any of the newer games ( ca n't judge the old ones , never completed them ) , morrowind , oblivion or skyrim and it kind of is on the backdrop/generic - they are probably on par in terms of interest , always some big threat they build the world events around . 
  the games imho lives very strongly on the idea of `` its not the destination but the journey that counts '' . 
  dawrongopinion said something about a picture , did n't you read the previous post ? 
  my comment was mea n't to be a stupid joke . 
  i have a different kind of battle i fight each 2-3 months i get a haircut . 
  i always go in with the thought getting a really trendy and cool haircut but by the time i sit on the chair the thought of not being pretty enough to make it work overpowers me , like i literally would have to hide my face for like 1 month until hair grows . 
  i have lived in estonia my whole life and i kind of get what you are talking about but i have never seen them , there must be something in our water supply that makes us not see them . 
  government brainwash illuminati pipes . 
  make estonia great again . 
  but this is ironic , she did n't execute that move perfectly . 
  she did as well as a fat person can do it . 
  first she was all over the place , a good move would be to finish the spins where she started . 
  partly due to her weight and inability to control her spin she ended like meters away from the start . 
  secondly finesse and form , she did most of the spins flat footed . 
  again due to her body weight it probably was too much weight to get too high up on your toes . 
  so there was nothing to under or ovetestimate , she did as well as a overeater could do . 
  i think it is the right thing to do , to apologize . 
  i mean someone in dominican might think he is actually trump and alec does not deserve that , no one does . 
  i actually never knew colonization was this thought out as a game . 
  even the ai is reacting and building forces and walls - amazing . 
  konsumid ja comarketid on natuke ... 
  lets get out the obvious question , do you live in a castle ? 
  is the sex tax deducted and will that hour go into my pension fund ? 
  as our estonian saying goes , a good child has many names . 
  we do n't have to default to one idea , although image wise we are doing so . 
  we will still be in the baltics , we will still be an ex-soviet state , we will still be on some occasion categorized as north or east europe . 
  you ca n't get cold from sucking fat ones , you probably got cold from anal . 
  played fifa 17 a couple of years ago , can still confirm . 
  - 2 ) them communicating with the community through talking about reddit threads, 
  - 3 ) reddit threads about them, 
  - 4 ) that civilization series gave rise to the entire grand strategy game channel that is the civilization channel now, 
  - 5 ) ` alternative yogpod ' , lots of bants, 
  - 6 ) sjin can troll freely and it more or less is a game mechanic, 
  - 8 ) mr. brindley, 
  - 9 ) that civilization worked so well , such slow gameplay but such quality on laughs, 
  - 10 ) legendary meme 's that will last , datlof will remember and crybabia will cry more once again . 
  - 11 ) when they sang baba yetu together, 
  - 12 ) when they had to leave in pre-recording recordings just because the bants where that strong the public would n't of gotten it, 
  - 13 ) the long lasting `` restart i have n't got 3 salt next to me '' bad start meme, 
  - 14 ) everyone good and bad being able to play this game and everyone has a chance , as sjin will be always last,
