  i got you fam , say no more :, 
  cudos to the person who cleans the window ... 
  i find the angle on the squirt scene was wrong . 
  also i personally did n't appreciate the cheap 3d effects as they climaxed towards the camera . 
  it felt all cgi , i appreciate practical effects . 
  serious comment or not i think the basic idea is that `` russian politics are a threat '' . 
  in terms of common folk i do n't think any estonian can deny that there has been minor skirmishes among finnic tribes and volga tribes in historic times but also plenty of trade and common ground . 
  in modern written history `` west '' has invaded plenty of times to now russian lands as it has been the other way around . 
  so as people or common folk , we all co-exist be it a fin a rus a kievan or whatever . 
  as for facts i think this is true . 
  russia is `` a threat '' more so than `` a friend '' at current times in terms of politics . 
  russia and the west are having a cold war 2.0 with trade , partnership and territory in mind . 
  russia currently due to a strong political lead and population support is doing bolder and bolder moves . 
  at some point russia and the rest of europe played nice , now the strength of russia is built up drawing differences and lines to face off against most of europe . 
  europe made eu to get better deals for itself , in terms of allies , in terms of gas , in terms of energy and other deals . 
  russia `` pushed '' back and with strength , for russia and russians to do well europe has to be less united , to get better gas deals , to get better trade deals to play off of each member state . 
  it is what it is ... politics and its best and worst . 
  i came , i saw , i came, 
  actually made me wonder if it would be male and female and who would actually be the best at it ... 
  uh ... read the title ? 
  do you know german ? 
  then it sounds `` gibberish '', 
  do you know english ? 
  yes ? 
  what if you did n't ? 
  they are trying to emulate that . 
  how english `` sounds '' to someone on this earth that does n't speak english . 
  a strange one but after reading some of these ( and most are already said and i can agree with , all good scenes ) what comes to mind is agent mulder , agent mulder and his messy office and that poster that cameras usually pan to . 
  it has been done in the series , in the x files movies but it always gives me this fuzzy feeling of `` this , this is x files '' , and how it always begins again in some messy office and mulder still being mulder . 
  it is n't an important scene but it kind of builds up mulders character before you even know of him , a messy office , dank , half-conspiracy material yet the guy you could picture in that office is not mulder , mulder seems to be level headed and always seems to know more . 
  this scene kind of underplays everything but it manages to often be a great set piece scene to make you nostalgia trip . 
  there was a post about this exact picture and i believe the same article . 
  this kind of reminds me of that ` other gmod episode ' where they had the 2 tower incident . 
  also so wrong yet i have n't laughed so hard in my life . 
  when you go controversial embrace it and go overboard ... this is a win win in my book . 
  this is actually a pretty good theory in terms of thinking patterns . 
  kind of absurd how there is an upper limit to speed . 
  i feel its either of two things :, 
  1 ) lewis kind of managed to get burden free , enjoys life as it is and for that feels totally free to express without no filter, 
  2 ) lewis is on the verge of a breakdown as he does n't manage to keep it up . 
  / / i do have noticed as a yog that lewis is somehow on ultra mode in recent times . 
  the jokes and meems just keep rolling in . 
  like every other video feels like `` datlof '' . 
  pyrion is all left . 
  what was the point ? 
  preisi all m\u00f5tlen jah seda `` u are machine , now walk like one !, 
  i do remember . 
  cyan was here before simon and lewis , i still have n't gotten used to simone and lewlew . 
  please let it be lewis next year who has had one too many gins and makes all the gay jokes possible while the category being something similar like `` children 's games for christians '' . 
  you should play [ nolf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u9k51mbmla ) and nolf2 . 
  oldies but goodies, 
  obviously some part luck but they had a following even in wow days . 
  they also started doing their podcasts that were excellent in those days . 
  the ball was already rolling . 
  there were other people jumping on minecraft at that time , it was their unique charm and british sardonic sense of humor that helped them stand out . 
  point being they had already dedicated years into wow and at least a year into making craptastically good videos of wow . 
  so minecraft was something of a random game to try out for them . 
  its ok because they are twins, 
  combined the best things about swords , a curve similar like a scimitar , the length of a greatsword and the balance/weight of a shortsword . 
  the legend of them being ultra strong is obviously bs though . 
  they went the extra mile to stay on part with european sword purity levels . 
  still they somehow combined all styles of swords . 
  i think the closest in style would be some european rapier . 
  i still like the `` last time i was this early united cared about their passengers '' type of memes though . 
  my 5 year old watched this video , without knowing it was sponsored and she dieed !, 
  i felt the same way for rust but for this game it is the opposite . 
  i ca n't have enough of these . 
  i love how the first part of the round is slow and them more or less throwing bants around and the end part is cringe worthy bad gameplay that is funny on its own with the occasional top 3 rank . 
  the old `` where is my phone !? '', 
  or `` where are my keys !? '', 
  and frantically searching for them while your hand gets sweaty and you suddenly realize you have been holding the item for some time now . 
  this makes me constantly think how stupid humans really are , like you can literally do a 1 minute sweep of your apartment without realizing to check your own god damn hand . 
  i think that the reason is that the first action of `` pick it up '' is so automatic that you do n't register it and when you do , do a actual echo ping on your brain about your stuff it goes `` uuuhh ... dunno '' . 
  no offense but you are being dumb . 
  even if the old ending was a little bit meh , truth be told there was kind of hard to write a ending to such an epic game that constantly expanded the `` true evil '' border of villains . 
  also the end is like 1-2 % of the total game so you get to experience 98 % of the game and the end is n't that bad that you should be put off from playing . 
  i mean me1 and me2 more or less had `` to be continued '' endings off you being uncertain how things progress , i would call those endings also kind of half-assed but again , its the journey that counts . 
  maybe the second one more than the first . 
  true , i still kind of liked it . 
  me1 a large part of you was doing these `` shooter dungeons '' and the mechanics were quite horrible , it was n't a shooter and it was n't a rpg . 
  at least me2 figured out what they were going for , set the rules and let you get challenged by these rules . 
  `` i 'd like shome jaffash , make it double , shhaken not shturred '', 
  for a second i thought you did a sjin/elsa crossover but alas , that was drunkan . 
  when sjin is `` female '' elsa has been embedded in my mind forever . 
  is 2030 the year we discover a prothean beacon ? 
  the positives :, 
  - great wit, 
  - good chemistry with certain yogs so great banter, 
  - feels very sincere , no forced humor , you can tell if he enjoys or does not enjoy a particular subject, 
  - a natural at a lot of stuff he tries to take part in , a la being in live action videos or streams, 
  the negatives :, 
  - a little bit of kim or turps and kermit der frag here and there in terms of voice , high pitched screetching : d, 
  - `` american '' and a little bit overbearing , tryhardy, 
  all in all i give pyrion an a + . 
  would pitch for the other team , would buy a pint at the bar , would throw a shrimp on the barbie for him . 
  hat films great great great grand pappies in 13th century britain . 
  so far so good , i love the concept of a play area getting smaller and smaller . 
  also seems that most of the yogs are enjoying the game so its a joy to watch . 
  cuming to your eye , soon . 
  this meme checks out , ei n\u00e4e probleemi .
