  well my english is at the same high level of shittines . 
  would of been a lot worse if you heard laughter from the other room coupled with the now and then comment off `` so small '' . 
  so this almost would of been a tigfu, 
  but the army itself is n't nazi . 
  hell even the `` nazi army '' was n't all nazi . 
  historically speaking it more or less split in the middle of nazi party/minded people vs regular soldiers . 
  you did n't have to be nazi party member to be in the german army . 
  same way red army had a lot of soldiers who did n't give a rats ass about communism , they fought for their country . 
  1 ) language , we have very little in common words . 
  we usually opt for english or russian when communicating . 
  2 ) size , latvia is about 20-40 % bigger ( population , total gdp , land etc ), 
  3 ) `` bff 's '' , as most estonians live in the northern part we have more communications with fins as they are closer to most of us . 
  technically sips was n't part of the yogscast , as we came to know it , as ye olde goone squade does not really equal yogscast . 
  ukraine government should make a counter claim that :, 
  ** `` they have a ' 100 % guarantee ' it is up to their people and them to actually decide what organization they want to join or not '' **, 
  homme rt.com kindlalt artikkel `` local estonians turn to cannibalism , eat russians in salads '' . 
  tldr version :, 
  probable large scale corruption , old yanukovych party members in political positions they do n't have the capacity to manage . 
  shady dealers trying to cash in on desperate people/firms . 
  local firms suffering from a broken monetary system and economic blockade . 
  most checkpoints manned by mostly russian accented people . 
  some still ` coming to fight against fascists who are supported by us/eu ' . 
  i think it was a double reference then . 
  there is a much much more famous `` amazing randi '' . 
  a magician and in an ironic twist of fates became later more famous for debunking charlatans who used simple magic tricks to con people out of money . 
  i myself once called a tech because my router was n't working at all . 
  i literally browsed every page of the modems own settings and could n't find any errors/reports that could hint to anything . 
  at that time i was experimenting with opening closing ports , trying to clear nat errors and other similar stuff so i was afraid i might of f-ed something up as i used all kinds of step-by-step guides and tutorials that could of overwrote the modems own settings . 
  the guy came over , i talked what i had accessed and what i had tried to do , he went to the modem , plugged a unconnected cable back in and went away , only grunting and not really saying much . 
  needless to say i am still mad at those house gremlins responsible for this . 
  it kind of makes sense though when you think about it . 
  in `` reality '' we first see a picture , hear a sound , smell etc. 
  then we process the information and only then we analyze it for what it is . 
  in fantasy we first comprehend the construct/analyzation , then we process it and apply it to real life equivalents and imagine visuals/sounds/emotions etc. 
  so in reality we get to experience it first and then think of the meaning . 
  in fantasy we get the meaning as it comes from the mind/inside and we think of the experience/external . 
  what about russian radical nationalists ? 
  if i read the faulty google translate correctly they were carrying weapons/ammo in the back and the `` infantry '' were simply the guys sitting in the front in russian uniform . 
  someone can correct me who can read russian . 
  this is the internet , just getting a reply is ok , so no need for an apology . 
  i meant serfdom , being the worker for some bigger lord , having to pay in form of produce ( crops , cattle etc ) and not being able to freely settle other lands without permission and all that good stuff . 
  it 's a translation error from my part . 
  in estonian serfdom also uses the word slavery ( p\u00e4risorjus-serfdom / orjus -, 
  slavery ) so i kind of forgot it 's called serfdom in english . 
  there is n't a `` problem problem '' with russians or estonian russians as we are slowly moving towards a more integrated society as more younger people who come from russian rooted families learn better estonian and as older generations pass away . 
  time has always shown to slowly unite any population and make them breathe as one . 
  as for the other question about russian federation well that is simple . 
  kremlin itself . 
  we have seen realistic economical damage , long before ukraine events . 
  anything remotely related to russia or russians in estonia and kremlin uses anything in their power to try and influence or cause problems in estonia . 
  take the most famous bronze night events . 
  just for having the audacity to move a statue like 5km ( less ? ), 
  from one place to the next we faced about half trade cut by train , many products being sent back from russia and huge cues on the border as trucks ( with goods that go bad ) were n't allowed to pass . 
  official kremlin message ? 
  well the trucks were kept as `` this just happened to be the month they needed to do extra checkups '' , i think even our main bridge was suddenly called `` unfit to carry those weights and dangerous '' , the train trade cut off because `` half of the train tracks went into repair '' suddenly on the russian side and the goods sent back from stores because `` they did n't meet the specification of the rf '' or they did n't really need it yet as they were full from the last batch . 
  the point being rf , as they are doing now , like to work under the radar . 
  no official sanctions , no official military action . 
  just lots of soldiers suddenly on vacation and lots of broken down traintracks , surplus supplies and broken unfit bridges ( that magically are fit for heavy trucks once the political games end without any work done on them ) . 
  this has caused russia to become a relatively small trading partner of estonia cause russia likes to use it 's economical muscle for political games . 
  it is easier for us to suffer economic loss and sell maybe cheaper but to a reliable partner . 
  so there nothing magical or really mind boggling . 
  simply a stupid nation playing an uncertain political game trying to appease their own nation . 
  it 's not nice to have such a big and edgy neighbor . 
  estonians have known about kremlin and russia games long before ukraine ( as we felt it economically and heard about how some stories portrayed estonians and estonia as ) . 
  ukraine events `` thankfully '' showed most of the world what kremlin and putin at the head is all about . 
  as someone already mentioned another bigger problem is that our biggest political party is ran by a semi-populist backed by probable russian funds ( as he makes constant official/unofficial visits to russia and has always been very careful in any interview to skim or be ambiguous in his words when it comes to anything negative towards russia , besides him being officially partnered with `` united russia '' , so many red flags ) . 
  so they have a platform to work out of for certain questions . 
  putin would be proud of this guy as he has been in power in his party for as long as anyone can remember . 
  so kind of a `` sleeper agent '' or mini-putin figure in our own top political play that no one really knows what is in his mind . 
  it might be nothing but even the possibility of him existing is what makes it dangerous . 
  he might snap at one point just like putin might . 
  well any leader might but some have shown more danger signs than others . 
  if you get support and funds from another faction you are no longer 100 % independent and slightly closer to corruption . 
  nope , we are all about the dog eat dog world . 
  our law and saying is `` estonians favorite meal is another estonian '' . 
  really ? 
  the oldest trick in the book , an unstable europe is good for russia . 
  firstly it acts as a good example to russian own citizens to show `` how bad everything is '' . 
  secondly it is much easier to negotiate deals with a unstable and conflicted europe than with a united europe . 
  thirdly russian whole post su political play has been frozen conflicts . 
  this way it pegs a country to russia by creating these hotspot zones as is eastern ukraine , or karelian islands , or abkhazia . 
  it keeps them slipping away and keeps the need to communicate with russia open or make deals with russia . 
  as russia ca n't be as blatant in eu europe it uses more subversive means . 
  fourthly this is the same reason how us operated . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend principle . 
  us government funded quite many extremist groups in an effort to destabilize countries that were either communist or unsuitable in their eyes . 
  so putin does n't care who he funds as long as it keeps that specific country in inner conflict even at a low level . 
  i remember having pure bleach white winter camo in training . 
  if we stopped for more than 3 day at one spot the camo usually looked like grey/black than white , due to high traffic areas becoming more mud than snow . 
  so it depend on the situation . 
  if they are near trees or a city then green will do . 
  or where there is enough activity for snow to melt . 
  also as someone pointed out they could have their own cheap white camo for top layer . 
  i object . 
  i would consider them playing civ a very important point and i have been waiting for it . 
  if they ca n't play civ 5 they might as well go for civ 4 or beyond earth as siberdine already said . 
  edit : or civ 4 with mods, 
  i am quite amazed ( all these 2 years ) how sijn actually kind of sang in key , first of all he tried to emulate the same high pitch of the original singer and then he pulled it through . 
  i am quite skeptical about the captcha one . 
  bots can emulate everything , they are always one step ahead .
