  to get the persons attention . 
  so people might wait for some additional words and it all ends in awkwardness and evil stares as the pause period lingers on . 
  so welcome to the nordic/post-soviet culture that is slowly drifting west where it is more acceptable to speak to people . 
  you might try asking for the time for example besides the hi to see if people are nice and maybe even get a smile out of it , just to test estonians and train them to socialize . 
  asking for time is like some unspoken rule that no matter who you always have to give this information . 
  then estonians are happy that they had a random encounter and more importantly , one that had a purpose . 
  some vilify ukraine . 
  the keyword is ` some ' . 
  most try to view this as neutral as possible . 
  just for not viewing tv to get information is enough of a start to have a more neutral view as news pieces from both russia and the west get posted here . 
  russia just seems to be heavy on the propaganda front and are as a nation directly involved ( having taken crimea with the support of their army and threatening with an intervention in eastern ukraine ) . 
  i know right . 
  the sad happy truth is that a conflict in a fairly developed part of the world where most probably have a camera phone and the infrastructure is good enough for the news crews to travel , we are being treated with a pretty good general overview of what is happening . 
  i find it more frightening that even in this day and age we have so much mud throwing and uncertain news elements we ca n't confirm . 
  how on earth was anything clear in conflicts before ww2 for example or during ww2 when we ca n't even now tell if the separatists are to be blamed of certain things or if ua forces are to be blamed , how much money gets into the conflict for ua side and how much support separatists are getting . 
  personally the biggest problem is probably civilian victims . 
  both sides have access to artillery of some caliber . 
  i would n't believe that separatists as loose as they are did n't resort to their own use of shelling areas with mortars and light howitzers they seemed to have towed in some videos . 
  also very shady is how much support either side is getting . 
  west is helping money/equipment wise ( donations , us sent bullet vests etc ) . 
  russia seems to be helping with stronger equipment to get through with realistic arms . 
  on field reporting is however excellent of what the common soldiers are feeling and what extremists ( as is the guy in this video ) are doing . 
  so how much of your life became a `` must-be-what-people-want-to-be '' ? 
  i mean did the stylists go over you to make you perfect . 
  where you talked about facial features or ways to pose to make it look better , operations in future to take ? 
  ( not that you are ugly , i think you look great ) . 
  was your eating routine and training routine strictly set and monitored ? 
  did makeup gurus forbid you to be seen in public without makeup to keep the image of the company good and later perhaps avoid bad pictures leaking if you become famous ? 
  any sort of that stuff ? 
  i have heard that the referendum was now held 49 % of the ballots were ruined but 51 % managed to somehow scribble in the area that marked the unification with russia . 
  go to rt , apparently `` militia has no anti air capability and actually ua has buk systems , also apparently us ordered this attack to kill their citizens to have a reason to escalate '' also some are certain that a `` ua jet simply downed it to have a thing to blame russia as that was nazis do '' : /, 
  cue the `` our account was haxxored '' messages :d , good luck to them explaining the escaping buk launcher in the other thread . 
  this is the epitome of 21 century tragicomedy . 
  the culprit going for the `` we have n't done anything '' while people film them trying to hide evidence in plain sight or in this case running alone on the main road . 
  you know what , thankfully we have google maps and i am sure someone will geolocate that spot soon enough . 
  in the meantime as i was searching for myself , decided to refresh and ... magic , someone already knew the location . 
  :d excellent, 
  you can spot the red roof building and general topography matching so i would say 99 % confirmed . 
  always that 1 % of someone building the exact copy of a town somewhere . 
  well i am glad the russian media is being so objective and honest . 
  what more can you expect from such a great free media eh ? 
  the last conversation if somehow proven to be more legit is probably the creepiest . 
  basically . 
  `` well the talk was about a an-26 but the plane has `` malaysia '' written on it '', 
  `` fuck , the war will come now '', 
  any source on the 9m38m1 warhead color ? 
  also you do know the missiles can be either replaced fairly `` easily '' . 
  i mean if you can fire one you sure as hell will know how to replace one as the vehicle has a crane and extra missiles on it . 
  wikipedia actually gives an estimate of `` reloading of 4 missiles by tel from itself : around 15 minutes '' so i am sure a little rusty guy could reload the missiles at least in 2 hours or so . 
  here is a picture displaying how the missiles are carried inside the buk : http://mbmc-russia.com/pictures/0/6952/00000001.jpg ( take notice of the crane in front ), 
  this is numbered `` 321 '' , another one that circulates the interweb is numbered `` 122 '' ( http://cs617616.vk.me/v617616952/1443e/amefx--rot8.jpg ), 
  i also blame poland for all the death camps on its soil during ww2 . 
  whats even more scary is that this guy survived stalin 's purges . 
  this guy was what stalin wanted from his subordinates . 
  just for those tl : dr this lead to a leap in human transplants , lung transplants , heath transplants . 
  the old would you sacrifice 10 lives to save a million deal . 
  to clarify sa-11 is the western name for buk sam . 
  be ready for a lot of ` grave concerns ' . 
  while obviously this is an option the problem with these theories is that they have no tangible proof and as conspiracy theories goes you can make theoretical situations from all sides . 
  let me give you an example . 
  - ukraine shoots down plane to blame rebels to get more support, 
  - ukraine shoots down plane to blame russia to get more support, 
  - rebels shoot down plane to blame ukraine, 
  - rebels shoot down plane to blame right sector, 
  - russia shoot down plane to blame ukraine, 
  - cia shoot down plane to blame russia, 
  - cia shoot down plane to blame rebels, 
  - cia shoot down plane to blame ukraine, 
  all these theories are objectively plausible . 
  i could even theorize that a special unit of the cia who worked under ua secretly infiltrated the ranks of rebel fighters posing as volunteers from russia launched the missiles with a secretly gotten buk supplied by the russian army from a rebel controlled town . 
  just out of interest checked the differences of an antonov-26 and boeing 777 . 
  boeing is about twice as fast on cruise speed , about 3 times the length and twice the wingspan . 
  good god how did they even manage to get that targeting wrong . 
  from that video you can see that 312 has a red-tipped missile in the same spot . 
  google is your friend . 
  sa20 is a sam system that you get when buk is n't enough . 
  more range , more power . 
  well , what a shocker russia , at least bigger towns as this one has people like us living there . 
  some buy into the bias , some do n't . 
  some check the internet for news and some spot outright lies being told by the media that some western networks , fox spearheading the pack , are infamous for . 
  mostly all were very nice and reasonable people . 
  derp on my side . 
  removed , thanks . 
  fair points . 
  still most people even in us see fox for what they are . 
  fox also has the role as the voice of mostly republican fundamentalists to fulfill so their opinion has a carrier and is n't silenced . 
  in these videos i saw an old guy who completely got the case of not to currently trust russian mainstream media . 
  some dudes knew that recent reports had skewed/lied about jet attacks and some woman told she got her news from the internet and multiple sources . 
  some of the crowd supported anti-ukraine view but they brought at least reasons . 
  one being no anti-air for separatists and one being that putin flew near them . 
  these again can be seen as logical conclusions as they knew no better and had no better information thanks to the skewed/selective reports but they at least calmly explained their reasoning . 
  the rest were people who went for `` i do n't know , i feel ukraine probably did it '' on their gut feeling . 
  obviously it is a random group of people and hard to make any conclusions because of it for the whole but even among them it shows the media is n't taking hold of most people . 
  as we know while western media is controlled by a few corporate heads they are still fairly loose in terms of specific companies on the lower scale and not all the media is controlled by them . 
  russia however is famous for their state owned channels so props to those in this clip who saw through the news . 
  i do n't know swizz or swedish news quality as i do n't speak the language so it would be hard to follow how biased or unbiased their reports are . 
  nationalism and bs do n't go hand in hand , news reports can cover a certain piece from their side of the political sphere without nationalism and still be biased . 
  russia however having been part of the conflict personally thanks to having the border open , their fighters there and having annexed crimea obviously take this bias a little further . 
  strange how the world works . 
  some weeks ago mostly no one knew what a buk was .
