  check . 
  reason to invade ? 
  check . 
  already annexed a part ? 
  check . 
  duma and nation willing ? 
  check . 
  ukraine in disarray ? 
  check . 
  considerable army near border ? 
  check and check . 
  it seems like a now or never thing . 
  a premise has been set . 
  invading now would n't be that surprising . 
  bravo , bravo !, 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  politicians and world leaders have to play their stupid game of domination and control . 
  the very reason why crimea was given to ukraine . 
  the island was landlocked to ukraine and the power , water came from there ... surprise surprise ... turns out to be a problem once joined to russia . 
  apparently no one got your joke . 
  well you win some you lose some . 
  well he has been getting mobbed by the pro-russian side constantly . 
  at one checkpoint if i remember correctly they basically said `` stop running away or we will open fire upon you '' . 
  i mean he is trying to get into to do stories , kind of hard when one side mobs you do n't you think ? 
  just take that ukrainian military base a while ago . 
  at that time pro-russian crowds were n't letting anyone in . 
  they climbed a wall with the help of ukrainian soldiers from the inside and got to walk and film inside . 
  one side is kind of more open about this than the other . 
  oh hell , thanks for the fix . 
  a strange island it would be if it was landlocked . 
  the ones who kept calling jihadists ( terrorists ) in syria `` rebels '' for how long ????? 
  pass, 
  i have no idea what vice called the fighters as i go for their ukrainian simon reports . 
  i do n't have to listen to simon , i can listen to the questions asked and how they are replied . 
  the people they interview are pretty random and talk about their beliefs from both sides so i doubt they set up people . 
  fox or rt ? 
  fox is a `` viewpoint '' channel just as rt is . 
  you can see the far reaches of amplitude of both sides propaganda and fill the middle with other reports . 
  well rt surely has shown all sides of the story , seriously laugh out loud . 
  i fall back on the reports that are 3 years old . 
  they are important to me as it exposed rt to me personally as the reports where about my country . 
  most of the news pieces only their view holder was given a platform and they chalk-talked the clip themselves . 
  so a pro-russian view and their own mild-pro-russian standpoint trying to be neutral . 
  also as i pointed out their titles would make stalin proud of their propaganda value . 
  why 3 year old articles ? 
  well every article i have gotten about my country is of that age and about those events . 
  literally `` blue hill mountain nazi rally '' and `` erna raid '' are the main subjects every year . 
  they depict them as the former a nazi rally and the latter nazi glorification drills without delving into our side . 
  or our freedom monument statute report , they simply covered it as a nazi insignia . 
  well from our side yes there are radical elements surely , it is also the veterans memorial in a remote part of estonia for the german side . 
  no parades or anything . 
  old gibs with their families , selling memorovilia is the main reason . 
  a commemoration day foremost . 
  radicals might come there in cover but the main focus is still slow moving old people coming there to their proudest battle point from their view as from the documentaries it was basically hell there . 
  a lot of shells flew on that mountain . 
  no matter what side you are on you are human and when people who you fought with die some part of you dies with them . 
  also usually the story as estonian side does n't really do a lot gets thrown in with latvia who apparently has nazi parades ( i have no idea what goes on in latvia ) . 
  so the footage makes it seem like estonia are having parades as sometimes the latvian footage ( at least one year ) was shown as a backdrop video as they talked about estonia . 
  the freedom monument story was such one sided propaganda that it made me snicker . 
  they totally failed to mention that the symbol was the symbol of our freedom war when we fought against the russian army and landeswher before ww2 . 
  they simply spoke about the ww2 ss units who used the symbol and made it seem like that was it , estonia simply slapped a symbol on their freedom monument straight from a ss unit and that 's that . 
  erna they correctly mentioned at one point was largely an estonia/finnish operation . 
  estonian guys with german help as they were helping the fins at that time ( well for obvious reason , winter war and all that jazz ) . 
  still the detail they gave was idiotically simple . 
  basically `` estonians with german officers , nazi glorification '' . 
  well first off there was about 3 different erna units . 
  the main `` erna raid '' operation was to a large degree estonian manned operation with estonian leaders . 
  the 2 officers german actually helped with training ( kurt reinhardt , werner schwartze from brandenburg 1 unit that were by military occupation trainers/teachers of field intelligence agents ) . 
  the other guys going by names had estonian names , i am not sure of their specific origins or nationalities , reportedly all estonian escapees . 
  either way their names are also known . 
  14 were radio operators and about 70 field intelligence/scouts . 
  the leader was henn-ants kurg , a diplomat and colonel . 
  also the group was equipped by fins ( wore finnish uniforms is a good example ) and acted under a german battle-group as other way it was n't possible to go into estonia under fins . 
  they made their way to eastern side estonian forests and made a basecamp near supposedly about 2000 refugees/guerilla fighters ( forest brothers , basically people who escaped from russian ( later german but germany had n't invaded yet at that time ) oppression and recruitment , into the forest , some to survive , some to fight back ) . 
  the erna unit was there to report on troop movements of the red army to the finnish command . 
  at that time russian own nkvd battalions wrecked havoc in the region trying to root our resistance/escapers . 
  the history is silent on why but the nkvd troops set fire and killed the owners of simisalu farm and sae farm . 
  to repay erna fighters with forest brothers attacked the albu regional governmental house that was occupied by nkvd battalions . 
  albeit the attack failed and they were repelled . 
  what followed was the nkvd trying to kill the resistance in the forest , among the results was burning of other villages in the nearby area as payback and repression . 
  this is the main story behind erna retk . 
  reporting it as a nazi operation or glorifying nazism is . . i do n't know . 
  i ca n't see it . 
  how can you even glorify a failed operation ? 
  oh look the mighty `` nazis '' who failed to attack a small regional center building and ran away . 
  20 erna men died , nkvd sources reported it at 49 . 
  they escaped to south and grabbed men with them from tartu and the kautla region ( this all happened in kautla region ) . 
  from them erna ii was formed as a regular footsoldier battalion and they were among the first guys to reach tallinn ( although german command stopped them just short of it as it would n't look good that a non german unit battled to a regions capital first ) . 
  but that is erna ii . 
  the erna raid recreates the first battalions journey more or less of soldiers walking for a long time avoiding fights . 
  now it is changed that all sorts of skill based wargames get thrown in . 
  so again , nazi glorification of a botched operation or rt propaganda ? 
  they reported on erna every year and every year it was the same routine . 
  no further info was given on the raid . 
  simply a piece to include `` estonia , nazi , glorify '' in as many sentences as possible . 
  the media question you answered yourself . 
  state media and corporate media are the same thing . 
  a few control the many . 
  as in a few control what many hear . 
  state media at least you can tell when `` propaganda mode '' goes on .
