  r/fellowkids on vist \u00fcldse kui `` mainstream ? '', 
  clooney is probably the best `` plays himself '' actor ever . 
  i mean he just screams real life 007 so most of his roles suited him . 
  well prob . 
  oh his a secret high level thief ? 
  yah , though so . 
  a southern shmuck escaping prison ? 
  totally . 
  uhhh it did ? 
  considering team fortress was a mod of the first truly 3d fps it did n't have `` a lot '' to take . 
  even their idea of going cartoonish style was n't that common and as said before , the basegame was probably one of the first mods to come out ever ( i am talking of the quake 1 mod , that got ported to hl and that now is tf2 ) . 
  jesus united , just get a bunny , feed him fkin all the steroids and carbs you can get and claim the bunny is still alive . 
  he has a point though , how many big churches do atheists have . 
  how many god belivers atheists have ? 
  all these answers are on the low scale . 
  atheists needs to step up their faith game as currently only the belivers have big mega churches with pastors driving fancy cars and flying private jets . 
  so all the money is truly with the belivers and atheists ca n't even muster church donation baskets or any churches to that matter . 
  ( just in case / s ), 
  - tom hardy as tom clark, 
  - the rock as lewis `` the lewlew '' brindley, 
  you basically `` stain '' the carpet with color . 
  so as some stains are more or less impossible to get out ( without taking out the carpets own color ) you pretty much wear out the actual fiber of the carpet first , rather than the color getting faded . 
  so from personal experience in a connected field you rarely see faded carpets . 
  carpets usually get switched out because they literally get walked on so much they develop `` walking paths '' of the actual carpet fiber getting worn out due to people walking on it . 
  nowardays at least here we have `` tile '' carpets or whatever you call them , basically a carpet is formed out of tiles like a puzzle and you can switch individual pieces . 
  think back to the basics though , it does n't really matter that much if you color the yarn before you make it into the carpet or after it is made , same with textile clothes . 
  they usually develop tears ( due to weakened fibers that tear in the end ) , rarely is the item of clothing thrown out because it has such a faded color and usually people `` abuse '' their clothes with constant wash with high temperatures and specialized powders . 
  seems like this carpet color would fade more easily , but it 's a different medium and what do i know, 
  unless the technology is substantially different why would that be ? 
  you inject color into an individual pocket of fibers as you would color pixels on a a4 page . 
  i would think its actually easier for carpets to absorb color as their fibres are still ... whats the word `` not as uniform '' as that of a paper . 
  besides paper itself i am fairly sure , contains some of the materials we usually make carpets out of . 
  if you think on face value printing on paper seems a lot harder to nail individual pixels so well and not have the color displace on neighboring spots . 
  at least for carpets you do n't even have to nail individual strands . 
  i loved x-com and their streams for similar reasons . 
  tbs allows time for bants . 
  i wish they did play one of my other true love tbs game from the oldies , jagged alliance 2 ( or 1 but 1 is harder to get into ) . 
  it has a similar idea to x-com on a more realistic smaller scale . 
  you are a commander of guns for hire , as you progress you buy and gain better weapons , your team gets better at skills and midpoint you start taking over towns that give you cash but you have to train defenses for from the locals . 
  a la a-team the game . 
  the definition of an abused relationship getting back together after the last fit , where one person burned and destroyed everything the other one held dear . 
  i find it amazing that `` world destroying technology '' was something `` the last generation '' had . 
  i saw this movie without any knowledge of it existing on tv and i still remember fondly as a great film . 
  [ i liked the subtle transition from superstitious to grounded story . 
  what was a giant fire breathing snake turned into a war party march with torches to burn a village down . 
  what where half beast half men became cannibals who used wild animal pelts as protection and intimidation . 
  ] ( #spoiler ), 
  [ bodies vanishing and even the reason to raid on this scale was again tied to them being ... flesh eaters . 
  ] ( #spoiler ), 
  [ i liked that everything made sense story wise and was n't just there to serve the purpose for a plottwist . 
  also how `` through the lens of our heroes '' the initial contact with these cannibals was a lot fiercer as with all the scary stories they themselves built up these wildlings as impossible to beat , this was visualized to us as viewers by the movie focusing on certain details ( bear fangs , long nails etc ) during fights . 
  ] ( #spoiler ), 
  as bis said it is quite a market scheme . 
  privacy / data leaks - in a globally digitized world not a problem to solve by remaining on paperback , leaks could happen and faster data processing is the up and down of a digitized system . 
  ironically i think the problem is there is n't enough innovation or services linked to x-road yet . 
  currently the things we got work quite well , like e-signatures fastens a lot of processes . 
  basically anything that allows you to cue up would be much simple to do with digital access . 
  i would like x-road to somehow digitize most of my daily stuff , even from simpler supermarket bonus card accounts being linked to it ( or generally magnetic cards ) to maybe allow x-road to grant access to door cards when i 'm going to some official building . 
  so practical stuff and services , i would truly welcome a society where i can actually take use of this framework for daily stuff . 
  think of how another service , gmaps changed the face of travelling , so much time was saved in the long run by such a simple always up to date navigation app . 
  i would like to optimize other areas of my life as well . 
  segregated communities . 
  russia always gets a lot of points in eurovision from estonia for that reason , some russians consider the russian candidate as their own and vote for it . 
  also i would say 99 % it is more likely for a russian heritaged person to take on an european sounding name than it is for estonians on taking a russian name . 
  ( this fact i find amazing to this day , even estonians do n't use traditional names as they feel really old and ancient , like priit , mati , peeter etc. 
  russians manage to still stick with the very same nataljas , wawas , vovas , pjotors etc. 
  in our culture equivalent estonian names feel dated , if you name your child something like that you will condemn him or her with some future ridicule as we skip at least 2 generations and use new sounding variants of such names usually ( marko being markus or marco or mark etc ), 
  but more or less culture segregation . 
  as estonian tv and media is in . . estonian russian speaking russians have no interest in looking at it as they have plenty of same format shows or media platforms . 
  also why '' a lot of hate '' , the only `` hate '' people have is estonians against `` ussr or putin is the best ever ! '', 
  kind of people and russians against estonian nationalist who claim every russian is at fault for their forefathers and should be sent to russia . 
  true , i should of used softer words . 
  it 's soft ... social pressure . 
  other kids might make off the cuff comments about these names and people with `` last generation names '' usually do know if their name is n't with the times and feel anxious when saying their name . 
  i personally do n't know any mati 's or peeter 's for example and my generation is getting `` oldish '' but my parents have friends named like that . 
  so some names get shifted out . 
  other names like katariina etc are coming back in some variation that shifted out beforehand . 
  imho there is a stark difference of russians always being happy with the name base . 
  edit : googled 2017 child names http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/graafik-vaata-missugused-on-viimaste-aastate-populaarseimad-lastenimed?id=77315712 and it seems to confirm this . 
  very few `` traditional '' names . 
  most have gone western or variations of old sounding names . 
  the most popular boy name in harju 2016 was miron ... i have never even heard of that name . 
  wow . 
  do n't you ever make me choose between my drinking problem and my eating problem . 
  oh god and there is even a second level . 
  other phones and close contacts . 
  when people ca n't reach your work phone they will start calling your pad or personal number . 
  the the second layer of hell is when they start calling people close to you . 
  i had a literal search party formed under 24h because my battery ran out and i had a night of drinking . 
  i was flattered but very annoyed as they even managed to call my mom , i am grown ass man and that felt pretty awkward even at this age . 
  `` honey your work people called me '' and the cringe began as i had no idea how many lines they had to go through to even get that number . 
  it was pretty amazing to see a snowball effect of people rallying other people calling other people calling other people who finally even reached close relatives . 
  still as stories went on everyone added a little drama to the `` gone missing '' thing so people actually started believing something happened - for being unconnected under 24h . 
  i have a literal phobia now that unless my phone is charged someone will call my parents to reach me as they somehow have a magical knowhow where i am . 
  `` well ... yeah '', 
  i always found that george carlin put it most beautifully . 
  humans harming the planet ? 
  please !, 
  it is us who will be wiped out by the planet , the planet will continue on just fine . 
  humans with gasses can speed up certain processes of the planet but in the end a planets natural progression of a green world to a barren world will continue , we are the ones who are going to have to do the surviving .
