  now people can basically tell even if it 's covered and being transported on a truck . 
  well yes , obviously the reason is that but it shows how eerily effective media and social networks are . 
  how people can help in on the investigation by following buk like vehicles , film them from their apartment . 
  also those who are n't in ukraine in those regions can simply corroborate the locations by finding buk 's in pictures , videos of convoys to find similar numbers . 
  simply kind of awesome to think how the collective knowledge works , buk was just some vehicle with rockets a while ago that most could n't point out from a list of vehicles as it was n't important but now people see the elephant in the room and track them everywhere they are visible . 
  well as i `` checked the difference '' i obviously did n't know beforehand as this information is n't necessary for me . 
  now if i was in an aa crew or on radar duty i better well know what planes travel around the region . 
  ua has a lot of different planes , an-26 is n't the largest of them, 
  you do know that the airspace was n't closed either at that altitude so there were multiple targets throughout the day . 
  one commercial plane was supposedly flying near the downed mh17 , at least one article claimed so . 
  so they could of randomly picked a target and shot at it but my guess is they for some reason really did mistake something for something else . 
  as the reports came that they had shot down an an-26 i would believe that is what info went down the chain of command . 
  what is the silliest propaganda you have heard from a pro-separatist and pro-kiev sided person ? 
  like what silly propaganda they have come to believe ? 
  well putin will sell the fighter jet to a local petja who owns a surplus store and petja will sell it to local resistance forces . 
  all legal and putin is in no way at fault for any weapons , it 's all mishas and valodjas . 
  during any of the battles have you really really been a huge fan of any of the characters but could n't play them as you did n't have the body type ? 
  ( cue the obvious `` i wanted to be cleopatra joke '' ), 
  has there ever been a fight ( fistfight preferably ) over who gets to play a character ? 
  i 'm a gen y gamer . 
  i remember as a kid i also went to the toilets in duke3d and laughed my guts out when duke peed in it , obviously i used my leg kick to destroy the toilet afterwards . 
  those `` ahh '' `` come get some '' and other sound effects are still embedded in my brain . 
  so from one gen y to another from x what notch did with minecraft is amazing . 
  all you need to know is some person made a basic computer in the world of minecraft . 
  search for it on youtube . 
  he made ram and other parts of what a computer is and it worked , in a game world as the game has a `` 1/0 '' function block . 
  it is a lego of the online world but it is so much more , in reality it really does give you the building blocks of life in some way or at least electronic schemes . 
  like the previously mentioned basic computer alludes to . 
  obviously the main effect is minecraft can be viewed as a very basic development kit , like valves hammer or unreal editor in real time . 
  oh and while you are creating you have a whole game to play through . 
  the map editor is so accessible that it basically can be seen as a indoctrination tool to make young people code , create , dream and it is fairly easy . 
  it 's like what garrys mod is to half life . 
  incredibly stupid stuff get created but get a little more serious and you can create whole games on garrys mod using the quite simplistic lua language and other tools available . 
  so in some sense minecraft is like the abc to game creating . 
  people map , design and a little more advanced people create gamemodes and use the in-game `` coding '' of using redstone to set up mechanisms . 
  we all know that modifying existing games creates amazing hits and ideas ( team fortress , counter strike , dota games , dayz ) that might even surpass the popularity of the game they were made for . 
  so minecraft makes all this incredibly accessible and fun . 
  instead of 4 windowed dev kits you are inside the game world thinking up stuff and creating . 
  also playing what others have created . 
  then there is the general aspect of trying the vanilla game out to familiarize with the world and just building and adventuring for fun . 
  i really hate how women , more so women of russian origin/temperament react . 
  why the f *** do you need to screech like a sea serpent . 
  `` oh god the moon people have arrows !, 
  we better quickly develop space flight to take them out ! '', 
  `` close to 0 % '' does not equal 0 % . 
  people the threat is still imminent !, 
  i am simpleie drunk on foodshtuff , honst '', 
  gp : if i was from germany i would admit it because we just won the world cup, 
  did n't he say `` if i was from germany i would still be celebrating as we just won the world cup '', 
  the word he used seems to be ` predsdlavlaju ' but who knows , his accent is strong . 
  besides even if it did have such a fire effect , the extra pressure of the gunpowder or whatever repellent modern russian artillery pieces use , would escape near the tip of the barrel or the muzzle . 
  look at how high these guns are pointing . 
  the only damage to the grass would be pretty minor with the piece slowly digging itself inside the ground with each shot and the initial transportation that would ruin the grass . 
  maybe some old fellow still had their nokia 3310 . , 
  there are things like terminal velocity and ground density . 
  a phone falling will reach a certain maximum speed , it will also be probably flipping around in the air and counter wind resistance . 
  now take into account a softer ground like a field . 
  more practically the phones most probably did n't simply fly alone . 
  firstly a lot of people have cases that will absorb shock but sadly the probable reason for the phones to survive is a sinister one . 
  those who did n't have their phones in their suitcase ( to absorb the landing ) probably had them in their pants and you can guess from there , the body probably absorbed most of the blow if the phone did n't come in contact with the earth first . 
  also some seemed to have lost their clothes thanks to the wind speed so if the phone somehow tangled and remained in the pocket they more or less got a free parachute . 
  this is what people call local names . 
  for example finland usually calls estonia viro . 
  why ? 
  same logic as holland . 
  the closest and most known county is `` virumaa '' or viru/viro land . 
  same way some countries call the netherlands `` holland '' as it is the most used and known name that refers to the entire country . 
  so a nickname/slang for an entire country knowing the official name might be something different . 
  same way russia 's official name is actually `` russian federation '' but how many call it that way . 
  also america being usa and others . 
  i have the ability to zone out of space , time and naturally block out ( female ) sounds/speech . 
  i constantly get told that `` harry , you were n't even listening ! '', 
  or `` what did i just say ? 
  they should of invited obama to chechnya and one day before ban him , that would of been ultimate troll level . 
  like he would of prepared a speech and packed his luggage . 
  graham seems quite heightened and off his game . 
  some of his comments seem quite ... `` talk for talking sake '' going on almost tantrums . 
  still his rough accent make it grind worthy , more so if someone fluent is speaking next to him . 
  obviously in front of camera they wo n't show what they did to him but the person asking questions was making more sense . 
  with this kind of activity i am sure you will make a fsb list in no time you filthy capitalist pig . 
  is it only me that is seriously sad that they messed up red 2 ? 
  i was seriously looking forward to duncan yelling `` oh my gooooood , they have a giant ship '' , followed by `` they have another one !! '', 
  it almost seems like ukraine is really getting a move-on . 
  rebels already are proclaiming they might leave horlivka and a huge spearhead/wedge i being driven in the torez area to cut off easy supply routes . 
  now we have to fear what next . 
  are europe/us going to impose sanctions that will ruin european/russian economies . 
  will putin risk it and go for a ` peace ' operation . 
  being pro-kiev or pro-separatist really does n't matter for a map of this type . 
  it aggregates actual news pieces , photos , videos and other media reports that does give it quite a fast and ` accurate ' ( to a point ) map . 
  so even if it is biased the fighting taking place is always backed up by something , usually by multiple pieces of media if the activity is high so you know where the front line is . 
  well we are a little late as it is 2014 but i think all of it exists now . 
  tv game now did they either mean a `` console '' or a game broadcast on tv for other to view ? 
  well either way we have both of those . 
  we have actual e-sports , obviously consoles and we even had a tv series where people actually played rome : total war and where the commanders more or less fulfilled the `` be a commander of waterloo '' . 
  sport games , kind of 99 % right . 
  refs do n't tell you , commentators usually give you an idea if a free kick was given . 
  multiplay , spot on . 
  long distance , hand held , well we got wifi/4g/3g and we got laptops/pads/smartphones so yes , yes 100 % yes . 
  ultimate game is also here already in terms of body movement/headset/sound all transporting you to a 3d environment , its just quite expensive and niche . 
  so a home device is yet to emerge but oculus rift is probably already a common consumer item to fulfill one important side of this prophecy .
