  - and once we catch the horizon our soul yells, 
  - like a dog having caught his bone yelling, 
  - having passed reefs and dangerous waves, 
  - like whiskers dripping of milk and honey, 
  - and we change into a river of passion, 
  - my dream game you are, 
  - you become my truth, 
   - windstompers are on the moon, 
  - windstompers are on the moon, 
  - the time is up, 
  - windstompers are on the moon, 
  - wind prints on our mouths, 
  - the wind has seemingly kissed us, 
  - looking down at the living i yell, 
  - come up towards us and yell, 
  - and then kiss like crazy, 
  - whatever has crossed your mind, 
  - in this heaven , turn it into truth, 
  - you are my dream journey, 
  - you will become true some day, 
  i remember in training `` everyone volunteered '' because the guys who did n't raise their hands got picked . 
  if everyone did volunteer at least you had a chance of not being perhaps picked . 
  reminds me our estonian political scene . 
  we have a very strange one . 
  one of our most popular parties is run by an estonian who made sure our country got re-independent - savisaar . 
  now he seems to be on kremlins payroll or at least heavily influenced by some power from russia , made apparent by never making anti-russian statements even in minor cases and official/unofficial visits to russia that he never explains the reason off . 
  his voters are mostly elders and estonian-russians who seem him as a beacon . 
  savisaar even had a co-operation treaty with united russia signed for his party . 
  the rest of the story of latvia follows suit though . 
  mostly other parties form coalitions and savisaars party finds themselves on the opposition side most of the time . 
  they have been in coalitions but have to work with the other sides so they wo n't get their opinion . 
  some prominent members even left the party because they could ' t agree on how the party was run from the top . 
  what is worse is that in tallinn they do have the power of gaining a total majority . 
  savisaar is currently the mayor of our capital because of the sheer votes he gathered ( a lot of who are again estonian-russians ) . 
  so by controlling the capital he does have a very powerful spot in politics . 
  the only `` positive '' is that he is n't yet a insanely crazy politician who only goes for pro-russian views . 
  he does spend a lot of money , this is a bad side of his , expending the budget on questionable decisions . 
  his idea to give tallinn free transport is also a strong publicity message , we have yet to see the result of how it affects tallinn 's income . 
  is this quote for real ? 
  lavrov is n't a dumb guy . 
  i would guess he knew an 8 hour work day for money is called ... work . 
  ohh  well played then . 
  i seriously thought you quoted the article or some related source . 
  so the true story is that she or he actually completed the program and went back on his or her own accord ? 
  well add another point to russian media for making it sound like she or he did n't come back from the exchange program . 
  well technically ifv 's can be seen as a `` tank '' meaning it has tracks , a cannon , light armor . 
  they are just really really under-powered in roles of a tank against other tanks . 
  in ww2 i would bet some modern ifv 's could pass as a light/medium tank . 
  edit : out of curiosity google 'd some modern ifv 's like the [ american bradley ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m2_bradley ) and the article categorizes them as light tanks as well as ifv 's . 
  so as these dutch ifv 's are the `` biggest caliber tracked vehicles '' they can be seen as our main battle tanks . 
  well you did quote mine his comment . 
  he stated with the support of nato . 
  we are all estonians . 
  we know what our capability and plan is . 
  our army is there to basically slow the march toward tallinn and fight off invasions through the sea . 
  the idea is to not let a `` ukraine situation '' develop of how russia could play it as a `` rebels activity '' . 
  we have enough force to hinder any cover invasions . 
  obviously if russia mobilizes their air squadrons , tank battalions we will lose but it would make the world realize that it really is russia that is doing this . 
  so our main idea is not to buy top military equipment but to lag behind and get what we can and rely on slowing down an advance so politicians have enough time to work behind the scenes to `` roar '' about what is happening . 
  i find it is quite a smart approach actually . 
  we need that money in our welfare funds , our child support , our education . 
  our military is a rag tag team for a reason . 
  for the money we put into it , it works amazingly good . 
  we are meant to work as the fins did during winter war or insurgents do in other countries . 
  fight a non-conventional rubber band defense line war . 
  you also have to remember that estonia does have conscription in place , so every healthy and able man goes through military training ( and any woman who wishes to train ) . 
  we can guestimate that around 100,000-300 ,000 would be able bodied , so that is enough of a defense line to have in order to make the world see what is going on . 
  our best defense obviously is to have these programs in place . 
  it 's the 21 century . 
  russia would be foolish to risk making such a scene and fighting against a possible nato force , even that conscription service is a threat enough knowing that men have military training and know how to fire a gun , operate in units . 
  ukraine was a really suitable situation for them . 
  it is our job to make sure estonia is n't . 
  from east-europe . 
  usually buy clothes on a budget . 
  is this pass worthy for everyday spring wear in your opinion ? 
  ( sorry for quality and lighting , nighttime and used my laptop cam ), 
  great eye actually . 
  it troubles me that you managed to pick this up , others might also . 
  i 'm 188 ( 6 ' 2 '' ish ) and the ideal height if i am reading the correct label is 175 . 
  i do have a more of a thin build so if i picked according to my height everything would be too big . 
  i always wondered . 
  from a danish point of view what was happening during ww2 . 
  how much did you know what was really happening ? 
  like was it clear that hitler was planning a `` greater germany '' even then or did that knowledge come after the war settled ? 
  your family also considered stalin to be a bad guy ? 
  i am humble that a `` western '' european would know the reality of who stalin was . 
  i myself was born in a re-independent eastern european country and find it awesome that you celebrated his death . 
  also what do you think is happening in ukraine ? 
  ( sorry for overly political questions but i think he would have great insight having seen this bs already  ), 
  or you could of given the map this article has : http://www.plosbiology.org/article/fetchobject.action?uri=info:doi/10.1371/journal.pbio.0030339.g001&amp;representation=png_l, 
  another piece of swedish equipment for us to collect , relatively modern at that . 
  this variation of the cv90 apparently went into production in 2004 . 
  a nice 35 mm autocannon on it . 
  thanks netherlands for the secondhand resell . 
  ( austria , holland jne ) . 
  as a estonian i had a `` u wut m8 ? '', 
  moment when outspoken `` estonian christians '' showed up . 
  the homophobic element got through and the system did n't help when it got criminalized after a period of being `` allowed '' . 
  it 's all down to a wider globalized culture actually , it 's just that the soviet period hammered in those principles . 
  being gay was a disease in those times .
