  so this picture is fkin scary to me . 
  obvious provocation from ukraine , installing tank traps is asking for those beaches to be invaded . 
  design of the game . 
  you ca n't do meaningful box art if your protagonist is geared in flashy endgame gear . 
  it would look silly . 
  so a more `` grounded '' look is chosen . 
  also its kind of spoils the end game content by advertising it as box art , no one will have a sense of discovery once they get it . 
  worse , you would be funding ea . 
  this must be an ultra end game female armor set seeing how the ` armor to body covered ' ratio is ultra low . 
  compared to diablo or skyrim ? 
  well those games do n't really compare to guild wars 2 that well at all . 
  i would say its more of a free roam `` diablo '' . 
  think of a generic rpg that tries to be more random and does away with generic questing in some way . 
  also it tries to provide you with most basics anyone would want from mmo 's that is dungeons , challenge missions , high tier armor and i think most importantly , allows you to buy premium currency ( at a quite steep rate but still , it is there ) . 
  oh and there is a somewhat customized personal storyline to go through . 
  and world vs world with huge battles . 
  oh and fast competitive pvp . 
  oh and each of these ( wow , pvp gives loot to you just as the `` regular game '' so they nicely balanced out the reward getting no matter what you like to play , so you get loot and itmes , gold ), 
  what i found quite nice is gw2 is an excellent game for `` gaming ocd '' addicts , that want to be 100 % sure they got everything done in an area . 
  everything is really nicely monitored and achievements are nicely distributed to make sure you experience everything in a game . 
  oh for your questions , combat is a combination of traditional `` wow '' combat with some added flair like dodge rolling and somewhat movable characters while they attack . 
  most of the time in high level areas or situations you will use your dodge rolls to the maximum while timing your attacks . 
  it can get quite hectic . 
  skills are built up uniquely for balancing purposes , your `` main '' skills are tied with your weapon ( each class has unique skills for each weapon so enough variety ) , then you have the 5 other slots that are for your class skills , you also get depending on class specialty skills but those are another topic . 
  and you have the ability to equip 1 elite skill among those 5 , these are powerful skills that usually have a long cooltime like ( 1-4 minutes or so ), 
  i do n't know what you mean by motion , like movement ? 
  the characters are pretty responsive in terms of delay times and do n't feel slow . 
  part of the mechanic is to dodge roll out of attacks so they had to perfect the `` movement '' ability in that regard . 
  general gameplay is more akin to general mmos . 
  you get tired of the regular game , you play pvp , you get tired of pvp play world vs world , get tired of wvw , do high level dungeon runs , get tired of that ? 
  grind toward some piece of armor , get tired of that ? 
  do a special `` randomized high level dungeon '' , tired of that ? 
  grind achievements , get tired of that ? 
  hoard gold by completing daily quests and beat respawning zone bosses . 
  so there is plenty to do and as its free forever ( until the game dies at least :p ) after you buy , it makes it that much better . 
  ooooooh , i 'm amazed i forgot that . 
  google did n't help me either , apparently esol means something else also . 
  this feels ( felt ? ), 
  like kind of an excuse . 
  a la , oh we lost a bet , now we have to make out , tee hee, 
  i fkin loved playing enemy territory . 
  the `` mingi rpg '' element of you leveling up your classes each round made it epic . 
  you had such a good feeling when you reached like 3-4 class max ranks during one map . 
  also the spy class was a blast there , similar to tf2 but as the game was a lot more ... well , it was easier to hide as a spy with all the confusion so you could end being undercover for the entire round without people discovering you . 
  oh and those artillery strikes that no one noticed ... hnggggg ... soooo goood fkin feeling . 
  pre-arty smoke dropped to alert enemies and make it fair but sometimes you got to ace your arty call so that the enemy did n't notice your strike and got like half the enemy team wiped . 
  also the `` regular answer '' of lan gaming for example in cs1.3-1 .6 and being the best in the room or sc custom mapping and owning others , lots of fistbumping and high fives to be had . 
  also a lot of people jumping from their chair screaming and raging , there is something special about realistically seeing a person rage after you had owned him ingame . 
  somewhat strangely i also remember my one of the first pc gaming memories , i was that young that i went with my mother to a ... what do they call them ... those places where you got to use pcs and play games , game halls ? 
  my mother payed for 15 minutes and asked the local guy there for games . 
  he booted up some lame 2d game but i wanted to play `` that cool game duke 3d '' . 
  from there i begged for an extra 15-30 min i think and ended shooting hookers and kicking toilets in . 
  that is all i remember from duke 3d from my first memory . 
  cake or death, 
  obvious miracle of our lord and savior cthulhu . 
  i have no idea why you are downvoted this heavily . 
  you are playing the `` devils advocate '' but the document does not state ` ukraine ' . 
  it is however presumably obvious what had happened and what country he probably was in to be blown up by such a mine , by seeing what military actions rf is currently trying to hide . 
  simply people read between the lines but you are obviously correct in stating that in that document the report did n't say it was in ukraine . 
  simply a rhetoric question of `` a border was crossed , i wonder which one ? '', 
  was left in the air . 
  i did think that f4 is pretty `` low gen '' more so for a trailer where they do filter the absolute shiat out of their videos usually . 
  i also think the witcher controversy was called for as they did downgrade their assets . 
  this was before w3 release though so no one really knew it was a freaking 11/10 effort game . 
  was the concern grave or deep this time ? 
  wow strange , i just bought a z1 today . 
  i have used it for like 4 hours but so far so good . 
  the 20 px camera is quite awesome but yeah probably wont use it that much . 
  i simply went for a mid-range mobile that can last some years at least . 
  ( yes i know even this one is old but i got it cheap ), 
  so i can expect software problems ? 
  great , hope it does n't totally screw my phone over . 
  it kind of makes sense . 
  skyrim got 4 million ( 4th most popular ), 
  dishonored also 4 mil ( 3rd popular , came after skyrim ), 
  6 mil eso ( 2rd popular , obv came after skyrim ), 
  and now 12 mil so far for fallout 4 . 
  so the channel built up their views with years . 
  other trailers might of been more popular on other channels . 
  how was the paranoia ? 
  where you afraid of a car pulling you over any minute ? 
  did your personal life suffer like you did n't want to go outside as often afraid of people might recognize you ? 
  hide your face with glasses or beanies ? 
  only wear certain clothes ? 
  keep your windows open just in case of a quick getaway ? 
  etc etc, 
  i literally started re-watching x-files like yesterday and now i found out new episodes are being made . 
  i think i now know what one direction 11 year old girl fans feel like . 
  awww yiiiissssss, 
  wait so what does that mean ? 
  how does one acquire this illusive free internet ? 
  i currently have a 4g capable phone with my local provider . 
  how can i watch yt videos trough elon musk ? 
  give a fish a man and he will blow him for a day , give a blow and you will manfish . . wait . . 
  i think my fellow estonian kind of went `` american '' in describing this event . 
  in truth estonia helped latvia in the north of latvia . 
  partly because it was a threat to us ourselves and partly because we knew it was more or less a common fight and we continued toward latvia . 
  it was still a very much latvian fight in latvia . 
  i also liked the semi-folk story of how the battle plan even came . 
  firstly our main battle plan was to simply armor the fuck up basic trains and ride with them into towns to establish spearheads .
