  it was in gaming terms the perfect build order for stalin as the factories kicked into gear during the war . 
  we are a relatively young species anyway . 
  we managed to develop into these entities that we call countries and now we are stuck with them . 
  now we are trying to figure out how we can apply the rule of `` do n't do to others that you would n't like to be done to you '' . 
  so far we have these power spheres , unions , ideas to talk with each other through un but we do n't exactly know how we should all manage this . 
  russia seems to be troubleshooting the system currently . 
  us threw sissy tantrums all the time . 
  now russia is throwing one cause he thinks us is too close and has too many friends and keeps pulling on ukraine 's ponytail . 
  we all wish for a adult but we are all the same age and no one really wants the other one to take power , we also throw sissy fits if a certain group of friends tries to form `` cool guy '' groups . 
  others do n't agree with something and want their own `` cool guy '' group where they are the `` coolest guy '' in that group . 
  you replied to me , i do n't overplay us involvement . 
  i actually have a really hard time , as yourself , in finding how people so clearly think us is involved . 
  the 5 billion talk was , as they said , total support from the day ukraine got re-independent in 1991 . 
  they have been giving similar sums to other countries also . 
  people just took the ball and ran with it without actually hearing what was said in the full video . 
  the political behind the scenes play is simply conspiracy theory fluff . 
  the problem with it is without any real evidence any theory is as good as the other . 
  might as well believe that lizardmen run the operation ( as some do ) . 
  all the phonecalls are kind of obvious and give you a whole lot of nothing , it 's kind of logical for people do communicate . 
  putin has had talks with poro and tries to get his way on the matter . 
  that is what politicians do . 
  they give advice or try to get their way . 
  given all that we have realistic videos where putin has confirmed that the green men on the streets of crimea running around and blocking facilities , roads where actual russian soldiers shows a heck of a lot more involvement than whatever global agenda idea people are going for with us . 
  it seems more about the question of `` it 's such a big event , obviously us has to get involved ! '', 
  and i would agree . 
  i am sure us has contacted and has their guys monitoring but from going from that to us is orchestrating the whole thing is something i would like to have actual evidence about . 
  i am still quite adamant that 90 % of the reason this happened was because ukraine itself and its people . 
  theorists will still go for the missing unknown 10 % and how it really is the cause but if 90 % can be toppled by 10 % then there is no hope to save anything anyway . 
  might as well give up if the whole world is a big oxymoron and you 9 times out of 10 you roll 10 % instead of 90 % . 
  ( i understand maths does n't exactly work like this but you get the point i hope ), 
  true , added it as a sidenote in there somewhere . 
  was trying to be clever with de jure / de facto hinting at that . 
  de jure = economical disaster , de facto = actually had all the required infrastructure to rise fairly fast . 
  now i can see how it does n't really translate at all and i might have a slightly wrong idea of the terms . 
  well we obviously know who rythian was there . 
  this was actually a proper ttt game . 
  reasonable guestimates at kills and people were great at analyzing who might be the traitor . 
  lewis was absolutely great during when he and simon were the only guys putting out content , his humor died out once the channel started growing and he went more for the management side of things but i must say . 
  he has done a major comeback , he is pretty great at the same humor he used to do during yogpod days . 
  that is point out illogical stuff and ask silly questions . 
  also infamous `` shit lewis says '' . 
  and his rants on stuff when he gets semi-angry are a thing to listen to . 
  i do n't think he needs to know that everyone loves him because he built a career around yognau ( gh ) ts and people that like him , so he knows it anyway . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i laughed so much . 
  the school bit was bloody amazing . 
  `` wants some brew/heroin '' xd, 
  it would possibly even backfire . 
  russia could `` solve '' all their problems with one political play . 
  all it would take is to muddy one relation up enough , a la ukraine and the others would simply be `` aggressors '' for defending ukraine . 
  so russia would retake the nations that are politically cautious or anti-russian in one swoop . 
  having bigger nations also in the defense pact who are n't part of the classically lumped together area as is eastern-europe makes the conflict more global and does n't allow it to remain `` some ex-soviet block bickering '' as other nations would view it . 
  i would be very cautious if i was an ukrainian citizen eligible for conscription . 
  there is always an angle to passively encourage people to ` volunteer ' to fight . 
  no , russia uhh ... left them to defend their border , drivers went for a cup of tea and the rebel scum overtook their equipment and tanks . 
  i love how the un meeting is like a checklist for this reddit . 
  - pskov attack - mentioned , seen it, 
  - 400 mother list - mentioned , was here, 
  - russian soldiers on vacation - mentioned , read here, 
  - etc etc, 
  i could go on the un with information from reddit . 
  they should have a nation for reddit . 
  i think lithuania is a subscriber to this reddit . 
  everything she mentioned was on this reddit . 
  under the video : `` available languages : '', 
  chad was like a schoolboy who did n't really prepare a speech and kind of winged it putting together 3-4 sentences hoping it will do . 
  us line about `` russian soldier on vacation with apcs '' was so sarcastic that my teeth automatically cringed . 
  yeah , true . 
  i get that for chad they do n't really have a lot to say on this conflict but just as i was getting used to his voice he was like `` thank you '' . 
  mass effect combines role playing with hollywood movies . 
  i was one of these people who arrived late to the party and played mass effect years after it was released . 
  i absolutely loved it . 
  - my favorite class was anything with long range so i went for whatever they called the sniper in me and me2 . 
  me3 i wanted a change and went for whatever the melee class was , vanguard i think . 
  i did n't like it as much . 
  - hard to say , it depends how pedantic you are . 
  i did n't really keep track of how long i played these . 
  i would say it has one of these good movie effects of it not feeling long . 
  i would say i invested most in me3 as i knew it was the last of this trilogy and i wanted to enjoy every dialogue . 
  i would n't worry about leveling at all as there is n't really any real farming in the game . 
  you level as you play and there are no substantial changes when leveling besides unlocking passive improvements and pretty much `` spells '' . 
  you will feel quite powerful from square one . 
  - have fun ? 
  take it slow and enjoy every cutscene . 
  the trilogy has it 's faults like repetitive credit farming and missions in me1 and me2 . 
  me3 original ending sucked . 
  still with all the faults think how amazing this game really is . 
  it does feel like a movie at times and the voice actor performances are pretty good . 
  also illusive man for the win . 
  a merchant in any rpg ever . 
  i mean wow man . 
  think about it . 
  you have this huge stock of stuff , you have adventurers coming in with amazing spells and items from the depths of lvl 10 hellish dungeons and they simply sell it to you , you can most of the time get such idiotically cheap prices for such hidden and sought items as they are simply trying to get rid of stuff for inventory space . 
  late at night when you close the store you pick up the items you managed to get and play around with the magic and swords or simply stare at them thinking wow , this middle man job gets me all the perks without having to actually work for the cool stuff . 
  i would need to put a lot of `` do n't put bucket on my head '' and `` no jumping '' signs in the store . 
  i would also need to brush up on remembering my default lines . 
  `` ho ho ho , hello there weary traveler , have a look at my wares '', 
  `` no traveler , best i can do for that magical sword is 1gp '', 
  oh god . 
  i think i have actually visited you . 
  used to be a huge gw1 player .
