  ** some other general pointers about winter **, 
  - you should check the weather before heading out . 
  open a window and peek your head out to get a feeling what the temperature is like to judge what to wear . 
  if it gets too warm even outside it 's perfectly normal to open your winter coat buttons/zipper a little or the whole way . 
  - night and day temperatures vary . 
  something that is too warm at daytime might become too cold once the sun sets so keep that in mind . 
  the coldest time is in most cases 01:00 -04:00 midnight . 
  - humans act more or less like batteries during winter time . 
  the longer you are outside the colder it will get no matter the clothes , the cold will basically slowly creep through the layers . 
  if it starts getting cold you need to go indoors somewhere and remain there for a little while . 
  also same way the longer you are in cold the longer it will take to warm up and recharge inside rooms . 
  if a person stayed outside for like 5h and another one 1h , the 1h person might feel totally comfortable being in a t-shirt and the 5h person still feels little chilly . 
  - physical movement , movement will keep your body warm . 
  if you keep moving you will be much warmer than staying still . 
  - also enjoy hot drinks , wonderful boosts before going out into the cold , hot coffee , tea , cocoa are so good especially in winter times . 
  - ice !, 
  ice is a danger , if it has been warmer the compact snow ( snow that people trample to the ground on most walked paths if not cleaned ) will melt and ice will form . 
  ice can be slippery and every winter mostly older people fall and break hips . 
  be careful in such conditions . 
  - lip balm and maybe even some sort of face cream , cold can somewhat get to your skin and make it dry . 
  you might want to look into at least some lip balm that will protect lips from cold winds . 
  i mean nothing bad will happen and most people do n't cream their faces ( as most people do n't sunscreen themselves ) but if you like to take extra good care with your skin/lips then it is something to look into . 
  - ice skating , not only in winter times . 
  there are ice skating halls throughout the year . 
  they are not only fun but you can go there to experience minus degree temperatures and maybe test your clothes to know what you might feel the need to have before the actual temperatures hit ( if you are coming in september ` ish ) . 
  well truth be told nato already has that wet dream . 
  from latvian border area to moscow it 's 620km or about a 7h drive . 
  from ukraines border it 's 550km and also due to the roads a 7h drive . 
  news tomorrow : `` russian troops obliterated ukrainian convoy to keep peace '', 
  take off the jacket , kneepads and mj would be fit to go for 2014 . 
  i mean he seems to have pretty slimfit jeans with no brading below knees . 
  some kick ass shoes and a regular hipster-enough-for-color shirt . 
  well baltics would object . 
  latvians & lithuanians are considered balts . 
  estonians are finno-ugric . 
  genetically there has been a lot of diversion but the current makeup is something like this . 
  firstly latvia/lithuania . 
  the closest populations to russians in terms of genes are polish and lithuanians . 
  then come czech and latvians . 
  another factor is while czech/poles go toward german/france and other ` western ' nations in terms of genetic similarity ( as they do toward russia ) latvians/lithuanians are already unlike anyone . 
  another factor is that russian genes are quite a tight group meaning there are n't many differences inside the population . 
  same goes for lithuania . 
  latvians however are a little spread out so in terms of individuals you might get local populations of people who have genes similar to lithuanians or even poles . 
  most are grouped however around their own haplotype region of `` latvian '' . 
  now estonians . 
  they are strange . 
  firstly lets bring finnish people into this . 
  in terms of population diversity finns themselves are very different . 
  the north and south differ as an italian man differs from a polish guy . 
  one unique thing is that they are totally a different population . 
  there are no other nationalities that come close to finns ( so finns are closest to other types of finns ) . 
  the southern finns do have some nationalities that diverge near their genes and those are swedes/estonians . 
  estonia has also a strange population as each group and area differs quite a lot . 
  most of the population is on a crossroad between the empty space of a genetic map between russians/finns and in terms of divergence some might even be more similar to latvian/swedish people . 
  so estonian population is also quite spread out . 
  this spread is also only visible in finnish people besides estonians , most european populations are quite gene specific . 
  swedes also have a gap between most of their own swedish type and one part that are similar to finns so some small percentage have assimilated closer to finns gene wise . 
  it is also visible that western europe is really intertwined in terms of genes . 
  swiss , austrians , germans , spanish , french and so on . 
  they are over each others areas and it is really is n't a clear end and beginning of one nation , they could be grouped as one in terms of finnish gene differences having remained one population . 
  eastern and northern european nations/nationalities show clearly more differences between individual countries than their western counterparts . 
  i do have to say that estonians/latvians/polish or whoever are n't really `` half russian , half german '' . 
  its just an easy way to explain the genetic difference . 
  russian themselves can be seen as somewhere between balts , estonians and polish/czechs . 
  we are quite similar ( depends on what lineage of genetics you track obviously ) in europe if you zoom the looking glass further away anyway though . 
  so russians and estonians in some groups are just as different as swedes and russian . 
  latvians and russians are just as different as germans and russians . 
  we are still most like our own populations and it does n't really take a lot to make a difference . 
  we mostly judge each other based on language , eye/hair color , hair type ( curly , straight , frizzy etc depending on a population ) , face size/features and other similar visual differences but those traits constitute a very minute faction of who we are in terms of genes and similarty . 
  we should probably realize that europeans are really similar when it comes to comparing with other regions like asia or americas . 
  i still sometimes wonder how people living so close and similar as is europe have so many personal gripes with each other . 
  world wars , disputes , historical invasions and the current situation of allowing an european nation like ukraine fall like that . 
  we have a lot of nationality baggage . 
  maybe eu really is the way forward to come together as a nation . 
  obviously we have to solve the problem of power then and corruption . 
  we ca n't live as a super state as they tend to fall apart and we ca n't live peacefully as individual states either . 
  god this is a political mess that we have created in this world . 
  oh yeah , forgot to even mention that . 
  belarus and ukraine are most similar to russia although even them have differences among them . 
  it 's also on yt so no need for `` strange '' video/audio sites , worth it for the epic picture, 
  i remember i searched for it like 2 years ago also as it sounded awesome . 
  well if this is true shit would hit the fan . 
  what is also interesting , if this is n't true why start fear mongering on such subjects ? 
  i am sure it would be easier to go for `` russian tank platoon crossed border '' and sound believable . 
  such specific information and actual pictures that some local would probably guess the location off . 
  still obviously such an act would bring more information and i doubt once they are there they would simply walk 3km back again . 
  let 's see what tomorrow brings . 
  hah interesting topic . 
  i was in a shopping center yesterday and some of the personnel said hi to me . 
  i obviously replied but it felt awkward in doing so . 
  like why me ? 
  why was i picked to say hi to ? 
  why did i stand out ? 
  was he mocking me ? 
  there were other customers who went past her , why say hi to me ? 
  if it is n't clear i am estonian . 
  i think the main reason is our bubble . 
  we created a very bubbled culture of personal space and in most cases cherish it to the maximum . 
  so a `` hi '' out of nowhere throws us off as we usually do have that ` inner peace ' thing going on even in public spaces ( that or mp3 's / mobiles blasting songs into our heads ) . 
  another important reason is that `` hi '' serves as a conversation starter in most cases .
