  but obviously that becomes `` nazi spets op '' and in not any way or form estonian guys operating in estonia against ussr . 
  also how the symbol depicted on our freedom monument was used as a symbol during our ww1 era independence war as our army badge and an estonian waffen ss unit using the same badge . 
  obviously the logical conclusion is that the freedom monument was not to depict the independence wars badge but that single waffen ss unit as they also used it . 
  so truly they do a good job at going for a specific line . 
  our `` mistake '' was being in the middle of this shitstorm like poland and other folk during ww2 . 
  i do believe 3/4th of our jews happily escaped the germans and some even from the ussr . 
  the people who stayed did n't fair so well but if we were these bloodthirsty nazis bent on killing jews how come we let 3/4th of these people simply escape ? 
  also how come we , with ussr btw , were one of the only nations to give cultural autonomy to jewish people on estonian land ? 
  again a strange fact but we were probably such smart nazis that this was our way of luring them in . 
  another one of my favorite facts was how we even had a fascist movement in estonia , vaps or the old freedom fighter veterans trying to run the country in a more miltary way due to world tension getting bigger more or less . 
  what happened to them ? 
  our president declared basically martial law , grabbed power , became a half-dictator and banned the vaps movement jailing their leaders . 
  irony at its best , our autocrat become one to ban a fascist movement . 
  so a neutral non aggressive line was what estonia was going for , we certainly were n't secret nazis as russia is trying to depict us . 
  most of the fighting was done due to conscription ( ussr and german side ) , not due to some ignorant reason to go against a nation of ~ 160 million or some bloodlust against crippled , gays , jews . 
  but hey , some russian news outlets still say that finland did exactly that , manila was real and finland a country of what , 6 mil ? 
  went willingly to war with ussr only to immediately go on defensive and lose to the might of ussr , not the other way around . 
  why is anything here ? 
  i just wanted to write it but only under ` radio chat shows ' . 
  so i would say podcasts is kind of the same thing in a new format and a very good alternative to listening to music while on the go . 
  i have looked like an idiot on public transport as some podcasts are quite funny and having people talk `` this close '' to you with good quality earbuds makes you go inside your own bubble . 
  this is how ww2 basically began . 
  ussr more or less demanded `` alliances '' with neighboring states or mutual helping pacts . 
  germany also was `` unify or else '' at the start . 
  once you get the territory its guard duty to quell the resistance . 
  what is this world ? 
  i am agreeing with nk 's kim . 
  first time i see someone being scolded online for procrastinating on gaming . 
  this is the 21st century i want . 
  i like single player for one reason . 
  it ends . 
  as games are built upon the feeling of accomplishment , single player gives you that much more than usually multiplayer . 
  movies end , tv series end , books end . 
  multiplayer for me has to have some sort of progression built within the game to be interesting or you are just in limbo . 
  another side is that the more you repeat something the less fun it gets so i can tolerate only that much of multiplayer until the game becomes a chore or simply mindless filler . 
  same with single player but you always have it in the back of your mind that this `` entertaining challenge '' you set up will be completed at some point . 
  reddit has an audience and youtube has an audience . 
  we are the cream of the crop . 
  we actually actively searched out a community that yogs themselves use , so we are that more likely to be a little accustomed to yogs . 
  youtube is more of a general split of the community . 
  think about a dumb person and then imagine that person being about twice as dumber and you will probably get an average viewers mental level . 
  so you ca n't really ask in reddit about youtube . 
  their audience is on yt platform and in order for them to do well they have to pander to their yt audience . 
  i personally do find yogs to have so many channels that i can pick and choose what i like , due to my grown up schedule i wo n't be able to watch everything anyway . 
  guild wars 1 without expansions at first . 
  i have just about forgotten the story in detail to replay it but it was a really great experience to play through the world , experience new lore and world areas all together in a neat instance with ~ 2-16 players . 
  too bad it more or less died out and people wo n't be able to experience it ( unless some resurrect project is taken on ) . 
  you should store the statues :, 
  a ) russia ` expands ' and needs to correct that countries history with statues, 
  b ) if there is a really really similar looking dictator in the future and you have to build statues . 
  city game ? 
  huh ? 
  i played gw2 enough to have 100 % world explored achievement on one character . 
  gw2 i actually liked more , the free roam and balanced world events really drove the game . 
  gw1 was n't really a `` mmo '' in a sense , 95 % of the world was instanced but it had a better story arc as it allowed them for more change . 
  i also dug how different the expansions where , from the slums of east asia mythology to the desert of egypt like places . 
  just as a mmo the first playthrough felt amazing , in wow sense the whole game was a big long dungeon , like a rpg pen and paper experience with mmo elements . 
  a more `` choose your adventure '' game with multiple endings , factions done right ( being at war with certain factions or being friendly ) , more branching quests with actually different results , also expanded gameplay and a more `` fun '' universe . 
  i have faced this dichotomy before . 
  this reminds me of a real life event that is very tragic but life is always ironic . 
  basically a ship was capsizing and taking on water and the captains aid ( as the captain was busy ) called out a pan-pan . 
  it was in the nordic waters of the baltic sea so they were taking it chill , who needs to mayday right away right ? 
  the tale ended tragically though as many drowned or freezed to death , as other ships nearby did n't act right away thanks to the no mayday call . 
  i do n't actually know . 
  i remember mixing simon and lewis up . 
  i remember listening to yogpods as they came out , i remember i was n't that much of a fan but , i liked the english accents and stupidly dry and somewhat stupid humor . 
  i remember the video of the `` diggy diggy hole '' where simon dug in his backyard and thinking `` omg , that voice does not suit that simon guy at all '' . 
  so it was about that time . 
  :d copyright ei ole ? 
  technically being that close you could miss , easier to either push the weapon away before the fire or to simply dodge it . 
  while fearmongering i do find it silly how this guy is fighting fire with fire . 
  usually it is some russian media outlet reporting on `` nato war games on the border of russia for intimidation '' . 
  this time the other way . 
  tit for tat . 
  i 'm one of those people who on occasion likes to go on such a site . 
  i find it very bloody interesting . 
  we do n't really see people depart that much and such videos kind of made me see death as more of a natural happening . 
  it is so stigmatized for good reason but seeing it kind of makes me strangely more relaxed about it . 
  also part of it is the `` trainwreck '' effect of not being able to look away . 
  again a very taboo topic that gets cut or blurred usually in news . 
  sometimes such videos get published online in fully so any police shooting you will have the uncut version of it and see the real picture of how things went down ( why i found the site ) . 
  i always remembered this story but never got any real confirmation or turned up any sources . 
  i ca n't ever remember where i learned it from . 
  basically the story goes that in june once the information started coming in about german units advancing supposedly stalin locked himself in one of his homes for a couple of days . 
  no one really dared to approach him . 
  after a while one of his commanders and his staff supposedly went to him to get him up to date . 
  stalin said to have started cursing to himself thinking he was about to be arrested for inactivity and bad leadership but found out it was not so . 
  that is the story . 
  i wonder where did it come from and is it one of these historical myths or does it have some truth to it ? 
  thanks, 
  here are some samples :, 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv77yf1vkeq, 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr8logunpzq ( oldie and well known ), 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwdng31uaks, 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eak-f8yhpjk, 
  what the hell is this genre ? 
  basics are easy , re-imagining/heavily sampling older songs with modern beats , bass , some electronics , repeats but i ca n't see that anyone has summed it up in a searchable keyword . 
  i have always lived with the idea planted in my mind that putting hot stuff inside a fridge will break the fridge . 
  what exactly will happen ? 
  how hot is hot ?
