  you might eat mcdonalds for 10 years without effect but the fat gets stored in your body and in 15-30 years you will be in possible trouble . 
  it is similar to drug or alcohol addiction . 
  your body likes the salt , sugar , fat although it is n't what you should eat on that scale . 
  call for moderation and in case of mcdonalds more business transparency . 
  i would like to see that german research if it is available in english . 
  i presume this is one of those `` would i pass as ` insert country ' person '' posts ? 
  well estonia have rounded faced eastern people looks and plenty of northern/western european longer , thinner faces . 
  so when it comes to faces a lot of people could pass for an estonian . 
  we do n't have a clear stereotype as for example the swedes do of blonde hair , blue eyes . 
  one feature probably is our `` potato '' hair of lighter brown colors on the majority of people . 
  the only europeans who would have trouble passing as estonians would be the mediterranean ones like spain , italy , greece etc. 
  they usually have a little tanner skin tone , darker hair and you can pick these guys out from a crowd . 
  if you came walking down the street i at least would n't be able to tell you as a non-estonian . 
  if anything you look like a finnish person to me . 
  just out of curiosity what is your heritage ? 
  truth is our relationship has always been like this . 
  :p well maybe a little better or little worse but we are used to this shiat . 
  we had our own trade wars with russia long before this and we know kremlin considers every last estonian to be a reborn nazi hitler . 
  so more of the same , if anything we are actually less alarmed ironically as we have been dealing with a bully for some time now . 
  ( well obviously alarmed about the ukraine invasion but so far what has been done to estonia is old news ), 
  my own personal thoughts are more along the lines of `` finally most of europe see current kremlin as what baltic states saw long ago '' . 
  rather than `` oh shit , better get to my military station and dig my foxhole '' . 
  you can come any month , nothing has been happening here in reality . 
  we observe the situation as most of europe by news and that is as far as things go . 
  no animosity between estonian russians and estonians . 
  planes violating the border is something that has always happened . 
  the kidnapping is alarming but it is seen as more of a russian muscle flexing if anything to send their own message after obama . 
  this seriously reminds me of the incident that north korea had . 
  although even nk i believe understood it was a fishing vessel and let it go . 
  i might remember wrong though . 
  the habit of nicknames . 
  certain names stick , certain do n't . 
  sijn and sips are quite interesting and short , also they knew the nickname before the real name so it 's probably cooler to say those instead of paul or chris . 
  also simon/lewis/hannah have met up in real life long before the rest of the gang . 
  so they re-adjusted to their real names . 
  besides lewis/hannah being a couple it is quite natural that they started using their real names . 
  live and let die, 
  seriously ? 
  as your southern brothers i do n't think you have anything to be ashamed off . 
  soviet union attacked you . 
  3 hours after the war was declared the red army had their bombers over helsinki . 
  one of the ` allied ' nations attacked a neutral power . 
  they suddenly declared that you were `` dangerous '' and `` fascist '' minded . 
  west did n't want to pick sides and simply watched as helsinki burned from the bombing and the red army rolled over the border . 
  around 100,000 people living near the eastern border or the isthmus had to evacuate their own homes , had to leave their possessions they could n't carry and escape as an ` allied ' country attacked . 
  young and old fins had to mobilize and go fight an invading force , something they did n't want to do at all . 
  many sons and brothers lost for some politicians wanting to gain territory . 
  i do n't see how finland has to be ashamed at looking for help in such a situation . 
  soviets did the same exact thing . 
  they went from being allied with axis by dividing up eastern europe to being allied with allied powers to further get territory . 
  you do n't see them feeling sorry for warring on the same side as the axis at the start of ww2 . 
  i was talking about the winter war . 
  the continuation war saw finland already drawn into the mix of things . 
  i very much doubt finland would of attacked su if the initial pretext was n't set of lost territory , homes and a certain amount of population on those lands . 
  the only evidence of hitlers death are corroborative eyewitness accounts of the events in the bunker and supposedly dental pictures , that according to some are n't accurate . 
  so not the piles of evidence you would want to prove that such a man died there . 
  the fact that skull piece was proclaimed as hitlers skull for so long makes it more fishy , if you do n't know for sure why say it 's hitlers . 
  that is a silly quote . 
  obviously it does n't rule out hitler still dying the way the story is told . 
  i only pointed out it seems odd that russia held the belief of `` hitlers skull '' for so long without actually testing it themselves . 
  just go watch it and stop watching when you ca n't stand it anymore . 
  problem solved if you are that curious ( and already visit such subredits as this one ) . 
  basically some late teenagers who were sadist . 
  they found a homeless looking person and started torturing the guy . 
  they literally more or less hammered his face in and used other methods so he was choking on his own blood at the end . 
  well to each their own . 
  i found it interesting and wanted to share the source . 
  people do n't have to upvote it . 
  the professor does sum it up nicely of how nationalism came to be in the region . 
  it speaks how the basis was already there mostly in form of language groups and how another power ( russia , germany or local tensions with other groups ) acted as catalysts to spark these groups forming . 
  it swept eastern europe more or less at a similar time . 
  you are approaching this from a wrong angle . 
  most of us identify with a nationality . 
  the concept of simply being apart of a region has taken ulterior meanings . 
  it discusses quite well how this pseudo concept of a nation has taken prime stage in the world . 
  the ` problem ' is that before we had bigger entities with a nationalistic principle . 
  russia , germany , poland , hungary had strong nations and nationalistic principles . 
  people of these regions however had gotten educated and realized they themselves have different principles and this created a wave of nationalistic entities . 
  we ca n't `` fuck nationalists '' as it is a very well established concept thanks to nations . 
  we can `` fuck '' radical nationalists as was hitler , mussolini and a couple of other dictators who abuse nationalism to rile people up against others but the concept of nationalism is everywhere . 
  i 'll translate the lyrics :, 
   - windstompers are on the path, 
  - windstompers are on the water, 
  - the ship is heading onward fullspeed, 
  - windstompers are on the path, 
  - windstompers are on the water, 
  - the time is now, 
  - and like catching the horizon the ship yells, 
  - and take us over the horizon , it is trying, 
  - and then we kiss like crazy, 
  - every fantasy that has ever come to us, 
  - we will make true on that ship, 
  - your the cradle of my wishes, 
  - i will become your river, 
   - windstompers are on the path, 
  - windstompers are on the water, 
  - masts filled with wind, 
  - windstompers are on the path, 
  - windstompers are on the water, 
  - the path might take us to the moon , we 'll see,
