  manufacture startups so some might sprout and get the burden to fill our tax coffers . 
  the problem of a capitalist society with 1,3 million is that we have to be efficient , raise the earning per person as high as possible . 
  our non working elderly part of society will also crush our tax payers soon enough so there is another problem to deal with near future . 
  so in the end i would say we have a cultural incline towards finns and finnish ideals of living and money , that makes every societies wheels turn is geared towards our own ideas of what seemed to work early days . 
  in the real end though unless we have a really lucky break we will still be influenced hugely by the western world/us and even closeby giants as are norways/swedens money/market as they own plenty of big firms . 
  hillary was the safe choice , trump is the wild card . 
  so of course . 
  naah most of us are cool towards each other . 
  its pretty hard nowardays ( unless wearing ussr emblems , putin shirts or st.george ribbons ) to distinguish a russian and a estonian . 
  there are certain clothing wear that i find odd that is still prevalent among some russians but nearly no estonians . 
  such as combining adidas and leather jackets . 
  also russians seem to be very into those fluffy `` airbag '' winter clothes with extra decorations more so than estonians , mostly women . 
  so there is a `` flair '' of russian styled wear when people spotting while on the go . 
  as for jobs everyone does everything , there is no specific job sector to talk about . 
  stealing jobs i have n't also heard about as we have high income it jobs and low income cashier , cleaner jobs - plenty of openings and companies looking , so we are in need of whatever ethnicity you are , russian , estonian , berlusconian , we take it all . 
  as for integration and language skill it goes by layers . 
  su timed people speak russian , inbetween years saw the shift and millenials and slightly before that have bad russian skilled estoniand and better estonian skilled russians . 
  who would make yogscast knockoffs ? 
  o_o are they/we that famous ? 
  no this is freemocasy, 
  i somewhat do n't think this will be done . 
  our tax economy , if it changes , will change very slightly as our low corporate tax is basically our livelihood . 
  minimum wage rise is a burden in itself for most companies . 
  flat tax rate and near 20 % tax rate has been staples for very long . 
  i mean since our re-independence they have been the things to boost our economy . 
  it is n't the right time to go all in and see what companies stay . 
  who knew `` fuck , marry , kill '' was an actual life scenario for some . 
  in that case i bet your own mind would be the one to get fucked . 
  as a baltic country citizen , heck yeah . 
  we pretty much been hoping for some actual nato presence since our re-independence . 
  now we have troops of other countries on rotation . 
  as the comment above me said , russia is about x10 the strength in troop numbers anyway near our border even if you combine baltic countries , finland and a couple of other countries . 
  the `` increase '' in forces so far can be summed up in hundreds . 
  symbolic force that we dearly needed . 
  do n't take it away again as it does what it actually was meant to do , a political message and hurdle . 
  we are trying to be the european border ( or for as long as russia want 's to relive their soviet glory memories and start their own world view ) , just throw us a little hand and help with a couple of guys . 
  everyone feels a little warmer and cozier due to co-work . 
  we sure do , estonia . 
  you are talking about ukraine when my comment talks about having troops on ground in the baltic area . 
  i say again we were aiming for this after 1991 , long before any conflicts in ukraine . 
  also this is the exact amount of troops nato should deploy here , a few divisions , such low numbers that russia ca n't really complain besides being a solidarity mark . 
  things are really simple and blunt . 
  estonia wanted actual tangible nato support . 
  russia added , annexed , reunited , whatever word you fancy territory to itself in the 21 century . 
  other nato countries decided to send in a couple of boots to show support on the eastern border and to make a statement in doing so . 
  there is a difference but mind you ukraine had a pretty solid agreement with russia about border solidarity and that sure as hell got thrown out of the window mighty fast . 
  nato or non-nato such a move to go above a well known international agreement sends a message . 
  besides i will state this again , compare troop numbers with those additional couple of hundred nato forces . 
  you will find that percent wise it is quite wrong to see it as a build-up . 
  the only thing really that changed was that the border forces got a bit more international . 
  russia simply does not like us being on their doorstep and instead of `` on paper '' could be 's they actually have a couple of soldiers now in the baltic region next door . 
  so the problem we seem to have is that you think this is `` leading to cold war '' escalation when i see it as a very adapt response . 
  i still stand that the harm was done with their land swap that caused the conflict . 
  russia blames western influence and nato but the realistic step was done by them . 
  nato/west probably interfered but i think it would be ignorant to think russian money was n't in play in ukraine either . 
  it 's just they seemingly started losing as ukraine swayed west and russia made a bold move . 
  you said nothing wrong . 
  i would guess the person who upvoted me , gave you a downvote . 
  ohoh , etskae etskae . 
  well i would add some sort of gas process to make it `` humane '' but that would cost too much probably . 
  on a scale of 1-10 i was ... what the hell of a question are you asking me to rate a rape scared . 
  so you wait for the guy to land and shoot him ? 
  `` if i were a boy '' - kim probably, 
  well estonians have always been raised by [ strange creepy cartoons ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by_jgr7tnkg ) so ... 
  do japanese and the entire region use umbrellas for everything ? 
  rain , umbrella !, 
  heavy snow ?!, 
  umbrella !, 
  wind ? 
  umbrella !, 
  sun ? 
  umbrella !, 
  i hope they are under `` european history '' lesson . 
  was n't there some sort of confusion if this theory holds enough water ? 
  i think a rising idea is that `` humans '' or a kind of smart apes began in different locations . 
  i mean we already know we interbreed with other smart apes so a percentage of us is probably non african . 
  [ yogpod !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfj9wcv3vfm ) yogpod !, 
  yogpod !, 
  i have listened to them over and over again . 
  basically two cynical brits who ramble over skype while recording their talks . 
  they are now one of the biggest youtube channel networks but at the time of these podcasts they were pretty small ( first fan mails etc ) . 
  i do n't think estonia has any milk . 
  the closest product that matches european and world milk in estonia is something that we get from lehmad and we call it piim . 
  so i am sorry . 
  i am unsure of the packet girth , width and length and design elements on the package . 
  what about udders ? 
  do n't you need to protect cows jugs ? 
  did n't gay marriage give you the right to marry gays ? 
  like i knew a girl who liked a gay guy . 
  now they can get married right ? 
  is there some statistic about `` mlg '' players per capita ? 
  i do n't think we have that many even for 1,3 m. 
  puppey has crossed the local news treshhold at least . 
  i consider myself a gamer but i never knew that we had any pros besides the few named . 
  i am pretty sure some warm blooded animals use similar ideas , mostly for cooling though . 
  they put mud on themselves , dust on themselves , water to stay cooler . 
  also plenty of animals insulate their ` homes ' to keep warmth in . 
  so it is n't that much of a leap to carry warmth with you to extend your gathering period during colder times . 
  i guess we got lucky with brain lottery and managed to connect the points of `` nest is warm - carry nest with you '' .
