  will you go in there , kill or jail everyone who is pro-west and say it was needed as you needed a buffer zone ? 
  do you understand that the reasoning of `` i need a buffer zone '' can be used by poland , finland , baltics right ? 
  they need a buffer zone from the soviet union/russia because to them you are the `` germany '' . 
  you are the one who invaded in fright that germany would invade . 
  are they allowed to invade soviet territory to create a buffer zone of their own ? 
  can poland , baltics , finland mobilize what they have and invade 20km into russia creating a buffer zone as they need it seeing how crimea was annexed ? 
  it 's pure stupidity . 
  through the eyes of finland you were a lot worse than germany , what point is there ? 
  - let us bomb your cities and kill your people because otherwise , germany will come !, 
  you would n't like that ... 
  - but sir soviet union , what will germany do ? 
  - well they will come , bomb your cities and kill your people !, 
  it will be horrible i tell you !, 
  ... this logic is amazing . 
  i would say some of the effectiveness hides behind the fact that thanks to the language russia is quite an enclosed bubble . 
  they have a lot of sites that use local cyrillic letters and for that reason do n't always come to the ` western ' side of the internet . 
  a good example is that most of the world uses facebook , russia has their own vk.com that is their version of facebook . 
  so the west might have a problem with media moguls owning a huge junk of the media but in case of eu we still have quite a lot of countries with each of these countries spouting different establishments and papers that all report news from their slightly opinionated view so we have reports coming in from fairly different sources and they are n't all owned by rupert or other old fellows . 
  also we use english sites as our international news aggregates so we get plenty of different sided coverage . 
  i mean we even have rt that basically is `` propaganda for west '' delivered to us , they show the kremlin side of the story for us to get a middle ground . 
  rt has helped me a lot to get an idea of how russians or moscow thinks . 
  i wonder if there is a `` rt '' of the west . 
  special western channel tuned for russian citizens but i doubt russia would allow it . 
  usually most russians seem to counter `` rt is bad ? 
  go back to listening to fox and cnn ! '', 
  and that kind of shows the problem . 
  they see western media as polarized and united as their own when in fact historical differences means we report on articles differently even inside the western sphere . 
  no one motive so a lot of sides get reported on and a fuller picture emerges . 
  you do realize this is such a moot point . 
  what the argument boils down to is, 
  - `` wha wha wha , your counterdefenses are actually for attack ! '', 
  - `` no your defenses and forces are actually for attack ! '', 
  - `` no way !, 
  we have defenses because you most certainly are going to attack ! '', 
  - `` only an attacker would say that , we must spend more because you are dangerous ! '', 
  the same way russia accuses nato , nato accuses russia . 
  build your own ballistic shield and be done with it . 
  then if nato did use it as a means to destroy incoming russian missiles to fire their own missiles that they would most certainly do if combat happened , if russia had a shield it would counter nato missiles so a stalemate . 
  our superpowers have enough nukes to torch earth so any realistic cornering of one force could force the other to react and we all know the scenarios of a nuclear fallout , not good . 
  so yes the shield is there for countering , an anti-missile shield is good for one primary thing . 
  to be anti ... missile . 
  those missiles would have to had shot from someone in order to counter them . 
  i do wonder though if a nuclear fallout happened if one force was fast enough and invaded the other land would the country still nuke it ? 
  like picture ww2 with nukes , would the su nuke it 's own nation just to get rid of the mobilized germans and risk hitting their own land/cities/armies ? 
  the logic is to nuke the bigger cities to basically cause a moral defeat , also deprive of any resources or resupplies of any nature . 
  this would be of course countered . 
  i think i will join some army when ww3 happens and a nuke thread begins , safest place is probably on foreign ground that no one would like to nuke and some meaningless part of the front line that would be in the no mans land . 
  sh6 ... do n't spoil if someone has n't seen it . 
  estonia also knows this kind of politics . 
  when we relocated our bronze soldier statue russia knew pretty well how to remain under the red line of laws , so not to get called out for political and economical interference by others . 
  instead of any official sanctions , rail transit was cut by half . 
  reason ? 
  repair of trains , repair of station , repair of tracks . 
  suddenly everything broke down for some reason . 
  food product exporting dropped by a quarter . 
  reason ? 
  they simply did n't accept it anymore , no contract was canceled . 
  simply they did n't ` need it ' at that time anymore and it was either not sent to them or sent back . 
  also a lot of excuses and problems with quality emerged suddenly that did n't make them acceptable or transport was no longer a viable option . 
  a heavily used transit bridge and border crossing suddenly also needed odd repairs and heavy trucks that are used to transport goods were n't allowed on it , now after the events are over the heavy trucks can apparently pass without any repairs done . 
  a rail link of passengers between estonian capital tallinn and saint petersburg was canceled because of not enough passengers , while the actual demand for this line was quite high from both ends shown by no apparent decline in numbers before the events . 
  so this is a very clever way of making huge political play . 
  pick one of these things separate and it can be viewed as a single business decision and explainable . 
  now place them in a certain time frame of the bronze soldier events and put them all together and you would realize these sudden changes of heart , was all for one cause . 
  to punish politics that are n't on accord with russian views . 
  nevermind the russian media going crazy reporting how the statue was cut up to pieces , how the soldier bones under the statue that were buried there were thrown into the trash-bin . 
  a guy who died in tallinn while the riots took place , who was not near the riot center point and got stabbed suddenly was reported by apparently being the victim of estonian police and declared a martyr . 
  so yes , seeing how ukraine has come in contact with it before and how moldova and some other smaller nations felt it , it seems like a common idea to somehow sway nations who are n't powerful themselves by russia . 
  so more of the same this time , obviously probably more serious but this has all been felt before . 
  russia knows it position and uses non-official sanctions and has used them long before this trouble in ukraine . 
  the adidas thing has something to do with the soviet times . 
  western stuff was priced highly and a commodity so after the union fell everyone wanted `` big brands '' like adidas , nike , reebok , puma or whatever . 
  it was cheap enough but new and different . 
  nowadays people thankfully go for casual clothes and do n't use sport gear as everyday wear ( hey nike , adidas actually has some cool casual lines too but that is n't the problem like , more like track suits :p ) . 
  but some still go for niko belic line of clothes thinking the most awesome thing ever is full adidas gear . 
  they probably would greet the president in such clothes thinking `` damn this guy has no nike or adi ? 
  i am such a baller next to him ! '', 
  oh god , this is so popular ? 
  i seriously though `` ok it 's this video , right ? '', 
  and it was . 
  best documentary about eastern europe ever . 
  then why title the thread `` one of the best series started '' when the series had been played for a month . 
  but that is the problem with such laws . 
  dormant laws that no one knows of are the most dangerous . 
  if you make a law change it is your duty to make people aware of it and enforce it . 
  else you can pick your cases and declare anyones blog a `` extremist '' one or `` anti-governmental '' . 
  we had a similar issue here were suddenly some old boat law was uncovered and got to be enforced that no one had heard of . 
  what did the government or in this case city government do after people protested ? 
  well thankfully the right thing and abolished the law rather than start enforcing it . 
  it 's also not smart from a military perspective . 
  you are culpable to disclosing sensitive information like unit positions , equipment , vehicles , base readiness etc on the backdrop . 
  besides some idiots who geolocate their exact god damn positions to the world . 
  it 's like a live map of unit movement , no need to take sat photos to figure out what unit is where and doing what . 
  an extra helping hand to the enemy whoever it might be . 
  i was actually surprised that the russian military was so lenient to allow such thing in the first place . 
  mastercard . 
  actually that would probably be a good answer , in other words promises and dept. 
  unless they are given free to them . 
  older military gear that is in high surplus is n't really astronomically expensive . 
  depends on what they get or need .
