  sjin, 
  \u00d8 is basically \u00d6 anyway . 
  i actually really like \u00d6sel and dag\u00f6 , they sound awesome . 
  saaremaa is just ... so bland , literally island-land . 
  dag\u00f6 is also the name of the best alternative folk band in estonia or whatever their genre is . 
  like music therapy . 
  give us euro moneiz !, 
  the politically correct answer is `` building a bridge has not been deemed economically that viable for the time being , connection by ferry is almost as efficient for current need '', 
  moh was the first cod , do n't mean it in a bad way . 
  well they did come out pretty much at the same period but moh if i remember correctly came out a bit earlier . 
  also it borrowed a lot from awesome movies as did cod . 
  sad that moh kind of died out , they did sequels but cod was too strong . 
  mind you cod was also a frikin good shooter , at least cod1 the exp and cod2 up to the first mw . 
  then they started the cash machine that the new generation likes so i do n't even blame them . 
  hope the practice of copy paste yearly games dies out . 
  dat first moh omaha scene tho , with 5.1 speakers ... mind blown ... 
  well that was my shtick , i did n't quite like mohh , i felt cod 1 did it better , i enjoyed the smooth animations and close quarters maps , felt like cs 1.6 ww2 for me . 
  then i remember playing heavily rtcw , the maps were something i had not experienced in multiplayer games . 
  multiple tier objectives with interesting stuff to do and ability to push back . 
  like dod but 10x better . 
  yeah they probably sold 50 % of their copies thanks to the then amazing flamethrower graphics . 
  i also enjoyed rtcw as it was a very heavy meta based gameplay and had the smooth bunnyhopping quake 3 engine . 
  meta gaming as in i could learn the map and chokepoints by heart by class so i knew exactly what tree to call arty on at the beginning or where people would bunch up to use spy or throw blind grenades . 
  i had so many moments in that game that ... well it was one of my best times playing multiplayer after action quake 2 . 
  then came enemy territory ... oh boy . 
  damn so many great games . 
  well yeah , technically `` tartu \u00dclikool '' , tallinn still has a prefix as in taani-linn or talli-linn . 
  also `` linn '' used to mean a fortification or fortified area . 
  finland still uses the word and estonia it mutated to linnus . 
  it is true that a lot of places have bland native names . 
  a la `` town near lake '' , `` lake town '' , `` wood town '' and so on all over the world but they sound a lot cooler in languages other than native . 
  well i started with nes and my first pc game that i remember was duke 3d at like as a 7-9 year old . 
  i am sure there are communities if you google search enough . 
  i find it funny that i actually started very heavily as a multiplayer gamer . 
  i had a local gamehall where my best friends parents were owners so i basically hung around that place . 
  every week countless hours of duke 3d , quake 2 , cs , sc1 , diablo lan 's with 15 people . 
  it was . . amazing . 
  no wonder i still like to play games , such good memories . 
  quake 2 i remembered multiplay being about 2 guns , rocket launcher and rail gun . 
  you were either good with trolling the railgunner with rockets by messing up his aim or really good with rail before anyone got off a shot . 
  also only one good map in q2 , edge . 
  i ca n't remember the grappling mod though , never did play that . 
  well the eu can be in decline and neighbors can still cooperate . 
  i do n't see how one pardons the other . 
  as for a closer government between countries , it 's kind of a must at this stage . 
  as the article stated a large percentage of estonians work in finland . 
  better ( and allowed ) data transfer with common databases kind of saves a lot of time and money when you have to monitor , tax and follow these hordes . 
  d : ... ooh, 
  are you sure you area a estonian citizen ? 
  feman, 
  it 's kind of strange though that the written and oral form do n't match in english . 
  like if i never heard of `` you '' i would probably pronounce it `` j-ou '' , also long vowels and extra long vowels you kind of have to know where they are . 
  `` teach '' again you have to know that its `` t-ee-tsh '' and you do n't pronounce the `` a '' at all . 
  a lot of these words that kept the spelling but are pronounced more easily . 
  when we learned english we also had a kind of strange `` pronouncement language '' so we learned 2 languages in english , british english and the code for writing phonetically in english ... 
  i myself did something that might seem idiotic on my first day at work at one of my jobs . 
  basically i talked to the general manager and we talked about me doing a test day . 
  apparently he had said a sentence that i did n't hear , `` your test day is half a day and if everything is ok , stay the whole day '' . 
  so at mid day i was like `` ok guys , see you '' and after an hour arrived at home with the general manager calling `` where the hell are you !? 
  what do you mean you left ? '', 
  thankfully we both understood that we did n't probably communicate as well as we should of . 
  i of course blame him as a general manager he should excel at communication . 
  not talk in maybes . 
  well true but i feel like there is still something different . 
  i learned russian , do they change theirs words often then ? 
  could be as i do n't know . 
  the most difficult part imho with russian words was getting the right syllable emphasis or the words sounded off but there was n't any silent vowels or similar , what you read you got , each letter that was written down was also spoken . 
  my own language also has kept this but here i must admit when i 'm even reading 19 century papers i can see how much the language has changed and i can tell what word got an extra letter for a long vowel or something similar , still this was a special case as the language reform was made as something of a project that replaced german influence ( this is actually funny as they replaced the stereotypical sounds we bestow on germans as the `` w , f , v '' sounding letters if we think of a stupid monty python german sketch then you know the accent ) , they did it by force to unify and standardize the language so i must wait like another 100 years to at least see if words are spoken as they are written . 
  ( obv i will be dead by then ) . 
  i do feel that linguistically certain words are evolutionary already short like what we use most , foot , leg , you , me , they , us . 
  still even to come back to word `` you '' , did english people use to say `` y-o-u '' and not the modern `` y-u '' where the o is almost skipped . 
  anyway this wo n't help anyone , going back to work . 
  also sick , can confirm . 
  i hate the `` inbetween '' sickness where your body has gotten some bug in it but it is n't that big of a deal to be `` sick sick '' so your immune system kind of tries to battle the sickness from the sideline . 
  so here i am with a small fever , my nose running , eyes watering , throat like sandpaper , head aching yet i have to work . 
  oh and do n't forget not being able to sleep as you need to cough , sneeze or whatever , even during the night and you wake up , then you `` feel '' the sickness until you doze off again . 
  can confirm mrevilfox , born just before ussr collapse so early childhood in post soviet world . 
  ca n't remember ever learning anything about prostitution being glamorous . 
  similar views as in most west i would believe , sell your body if you want to but it is in no way seen as a glamorous job . 
  one of the few news where i go `` no way can they wiggle out of this one ! '', 
  and after hearing the explanation , totally change my mind . 
  if they water once a week or so for 6 minutes ... fine . 
  sanitation , maintenance and even general cleanliness for the eye is worth it . 
  yeah but at first reading the title i really really wanted it to be about some dumb nubcake thinking it was real grass and watering it . 
  my mother wa ... naah jk . 
  actually i believe i understood the concept of prostitution at a young age as i vividly remember learning about boy and girl parts in kindergarden from other informed younglings so such things were interesting to learn at that age . 
  so my perception should of been formed by opinions of my parents and those prostitutes of that time . 
  why am i even explaining this . 
  no , i enjoy when a show host also enjoys his show . 
  there is however a difference between enjoyment and overreacting to everything . 
  fallon has a very distinct fake laugh and reaction . 
  every show host has one but fallon uses it constantly . 
  it servers as a way to bring the audience with him and make his guest comfortable to avoid awkward pauses but he uses these so much that ... that 's why his overreaction has become more or less a meme . 
  join the nazi party with these estonian guys :, 
  what i mean by this is that there are plenty of public figures who decided to go full brazilian on their head , so its not a nazi thing . 
  ask yourself why was it there to begin with ? 
  probably some branding idea they had that is n't really needed as bigger channels as are sips , sjin , duncan etc have a community of their own and they feature enough on other channels as contributors , to grow or at least stay at a stable view count . 
  live and let live aga ... noh vale sait igatahes :d, 
  i have come to know this period a little differently . 
  while he did go for autocracy he did it for somewhat of a good reason .
