  that was referring to our current politicians who were in office and had been in the past in the communist party . 
  it had a list of names on the back of the shirt and everything . 
  it was `` inspired '' by some random estonian who wrote `` jews into oven ! '', 
  on some news site comment section and got our `` estonian fbi '' kapo on his back and arrested . 
  so i guess the point i 'm trying to make is that kaur , as much as i respect your ideas , you are the `` russel brand '' of our society . 
  `` when you pay the guys to revolt at 9am but the local cia secretary gets the time wrong and it already starts at 8am '', 
  well wisdom vs knowledge or rules vs reality . 
  rules wo n't stop people from driving the wrong way . 
  i have to admit i myself have turned into 1 way streets on 2 occasions as i was searching for a location and failed to see the sign as i got distracted . 
  people are people , they make mistakes . 
  no point of losing faith for humanity , we make mistakes but still managed to become the leading force on this planet , with cars !, 
  and one way streets !, 
  my first game , literally first pc game , as a kid was my mother taking me to one of those `` computer saloon '' type things that propped up before people had home computers . 
  i played for 15 minutes and launched into duke nukem 3d . 
  gave hookers dollars and asked my mother who was sitting besides me to pay for extra 30 minutes . 
  she did . 
  thanks mum for actually understanding that it is a pc game and who the f cares . 
  i mean people used to play `` cops and robbers '' . 
  we literally used to shoot eachother with those pellet guns and people had bruises from those shots . 
  i mean god , we went to the country and climbed trees , people freaking fell off them and lost their breath now and again , metal as shit ... and some parents worried about pixels, 
  do n't remind me . 
  : ' ( i ` watched ' my cat die and obviously it was sad . 
  you kind of known when a pet is about to go . 
  he begins to be sluggish , he tried to `` act normal '' but ca n't complete daily routine . 
  my cat still greeted me each day to his last days , still coming up to me and i petted him as i could do nothing more . 
  on the last days even my petting was `` too much '' and i had to hold him upright with my other hand as he had no strength and moved even from my light hand movement . 
  i am really glad that i was more or less there for him even to his last days . 
  he . . died , at least feeling safe and at night , in the middle of the kitchen ( so at least he was n't `` afraid '' of going as he did n't curl up to some dark corner ) . 
  i hope he did n't suffer much . 
  the worst part was not him going but the days before as i was seeing how he still wanted to live and do stuff as always but his weakened state was catching on to him . 
  first signs were little things like him not being able to make easy jumps , then slower movement , then a slight wobble in his movement , then apetite loss and so on ... you kind of knew what was coming . 
  i always thought the animal would at some point be `` bedridden '' for some days and not being able to move before he died but no ... like 4-5 hours before he died , he still walked up to me , looked at me and i petted him for 30sec-1min , said my goodnight and we both went to our separate sleeping places . 
  i woke up that morning really early and saw him on the floor , stiff . 
  i just wanted to `` vent '' in a positive manner . 
  i am so glad they became a thing . 
  i remember back when they were just coming around . 
  first it was mainstream for girls mostly but i secretly hoped it became a norm for men also . 
  i found it strange for myself to care for a clothing item that much , i never had . 
  but i distinctly remember a quite fast shift when guys too over the skinnies just as well as girls and i began to see everyone wearing them , girls , guys , old , young , fat , skinny , one legged , three legged . 
  this was such a culture shift in my opinion and i do n't see how people ca n't understand why skinnies have stayed for so long , i am a little angry at people who are going `` hey whats the deal with skinnies , they were supposed to be a fad '', 
  firstly i find the whole idea that pants at certain cuts became more or less an unisex item fantastic !, 
  i have even seen in some wholesale stores they grouped male/female jeans together and let customers find their own . 
  if it fits it fits . 
  secondly the comfort is perfect , jeans were always a little limited . 
  ironically the most `` limiting '' item as skinny jeans where first thought of , became just stretchy enough that certain pairs feel like sweat pants . 
  i can go into full squat without any discomfort . 
  thirdly the logic behind this fashion item , no excess , around your body shape , sits perfectly and keeps form fairly well . 
  as clothing items should be , for your size . 
  also less fear of tearing something . 
  oh and the idea that the jean end goes inside your footwear ... i mean , again perfect logic !, 
  before you had the old ruined bottom jean that some people cut , again perfectly logical for the fabric to be inside the footwear , not the last piece of clothing to rub against planet earth as you walk . 
  fourth like for the item is just the sheer ability to combine . 
  it is a perfect `` underlayer '' . 
  what more , it constitutes for like 33-50 % of your appareance . 
  so many styles from casual to business and as less material and a huge demand , jean prices have gone down . 
  i can now own like 10-15 pairs of jeans easily . 
  before it was like 3 pairs as they all were more or less similar shaped . 
  so i truly hope mankind found the perfect jean shape as mankind found the perfect shape for suits . 
  yes ... ? 
  i would guess it would be a provocation from air or sea and those , as peope already commented , happen from time to time . 
  so maybe they are predicting a more noticable offense . 
  hey turkey shot down a russian fighter plane ... i do n't see anything worse that could happen . ', 
  provocation wise . 
  i never did get , why is it so dusty/dirty ? 
  like i am sure they have some cloth rags , why not wipe at least the tv and desk every other day ... 
  does the dust settle at an incredibly fast pace in that region or what is it ... 
  ah ... crab battle ... . crab battle, 
  comrade , we have multiple reserve funds . 
  you see , first you drive your tank to kiev and ... huraah comrade , you have some western money to get from your reserve fond . 
  same fonds are currently earning interest in the baltic republics and poland . 
  am i inhumane for thinking this is awesome . 
  as like 70 % of communication is non verbal gestures and movement would give so much to multiplayer . 
  well i was going by this gif . 
  anyway the idea is still there . 
  static animations or real time hand gesture tracking . 
  fake it until you make it . 
  i think you kind of worded it in a bad way ... you make it sound like estonians and russians run away if they hear each other speak . 
  it 's a more natural barrier as people tend to speak to those ... who can speak back . 
  so people do n't `` actively '' choose but it 's a logical process of people speaking with those they can joke/talk/gossip and do n't have to double up on everything just to make sure they understand . 
  yup ... i did : u , well nevermind then . 
  it 's our annual end of the service exercise , tradition . 
  it was used as a `` final right of passage '' test for those serving long before estonia became a member of nato . 
  it 's second main use is to improve the logistical/communication side so the fresh troops are used as sort of test group for the upper military to see how well they can co-ordinate . 
  a location is picked each year based on a likely scenario of war that usually is `` hur dur , bad stuff happened , russia is trying to reach tallinn , tartu '' etc , during my year we were somewhere in the middle of estonia and some were near tallinn . 
  heres an interesting fact , the allies usually are playing the enemies trying to get through our guys lines . 
  for the rest of the guys they can expect about 3-4 weeks of soulcrushing mundane front line duty , patrolling , camp moving , firewatch duty , pillbox sitting `` action '' . 
  it really is a `` war simulation '' as most of the time you are doing some miserable task . 
  i was part of a support unit inside our `` mobile hq '' during war and even for us , who were n't in the forest , it was miserable . 
  the worst part was about 6 hours of the day you were on some sort of patrol duty , night or day . 
  you literally had to sit like 1,5 h inside the same spot looking at your fire sector on some days with no phones , music etc. 
  doing nothing is about 90 % of each soldiers task and actual fighting manuvers and action count for the rest . 
  i think it kind of takes more resources for modern games . 
  it is a difference if there is input from 1 player or from 2-4 . 
  i remember even playing local split on old games my computer slowed down if there was a lot of action going on and multiple players . 
  there was a l4d2 hack that allowed for split screen play . 
  seemingly the devs simply left it in the code for some reason and you entered some console command and used an online tutorial to figure out what files had the input keys . 
  i miss the actual close-by play and `` stress/accomplishment '' you actually felt from a fellow human as he was right next to you . 
  childhood was full of split screen gaming from friends to family . 
  as a small kid we did 4-play on one keyboard , talk about commitment , everyone got like 5 rows of keys for 2 hands . 
  i would be going for the high score for sure !,
