  from defending eu from political instability ( two world wars in close succession was a major political instability ) , it started going for a more `` elite force '' type of army with specialized forces getting experience in many operations and wars in the world . 
  they are there as the eu army , more or less . 
  a more clear example would be my own country estonia , we built our whole defense on the hope that nato reacts fast enough . 
  also it has helped in terms of stability , not just for the well being of people , investment money came a lot more easily and probably has a smaller yet some affect even today . 
  companies do n't like even the idea of a region being unstable . 
  is it needed ? 
  well no and yes . 
  no in terms of realistic threats . 
  yes in terms that russia still likes to flex it 's political muscle and economical muscle even against estonia . 
  it 's just another blanket to cover our small nation for us . 
  and that realistic thread `` no '' is starting to slowly fade , i mean half a year ago i would bet most of would of laughed at the idea of russia annexing a part of ukraine . 
  as for nato expansionism i think again my country is a good example . 
  nato is already balls first against russia and pretty close to moscow even from our country . 
  getting an answer that nato is against someone is kind of a loaded question i presume . 
  what is the greatest thread to eu ? 
  well the eastern block would say russia probably ( as i explained political and economical bullying reasons , not that a `` omgf russia is coming for us in tanks , plx save ! '' ) . 
  what do those eastern block countries want ? 
  protection . 
  by who ? 
  nato . 
  i think the real problem is we see ourselves as enemies and neither side wants to back down . 
  we ca n't in any way solve this problem . 
  our border area is very close . 
  the old eastern block that functioned as a buffer zone between east and west is gone . 
  the buffer zone got hurt mostly by east side and did n't want it anymore . 
  the buffer zone turned west and i would say again relying on finland , latvia , lithuania and my own estonia out of their own will , not some nato agents . 
  so there lies the buried dog . 
  ( yes i know finland is n't in nato but is western minded after the you know what war , that you have to admit was pure aggression of the east ), 
  we are like a fighting couple with an only child ( east europe ) who wants to go for fathers side ( west ) . 
  as for the missile defense i have n't actually dug too far . 
  as far as i remember russia was offered the ability to basically help construct or monitor it , something like that . 
  gorbachev promises i have no idea off , i was either not born yet or just a baby . 
  so i will refrain from commenting on that situation as i did n't see it unfold . 
  actually i would agree . 
  fox does more propaganda on the party level so they ca n't really report that far fetched ideas . 
  they have country vs country news now and again but mostly it 's inner us stuff . 
  rt i know skews the news to their favor . 
  again i can rely on news they report on my own country . 
  what they do is quite unnerving as i can totally see why others would believe it . 
  as an example they reported on our freedom monument that has our independence war insignia . 
  this insignia was also used by a few platoons in ww2 estonians who fought under germans . 
  well i think you already guessed how rt reported the news . 
  basically `` estonia glorify nazism and fascism and erect a monument to their ss fighters '', 
  well sure i can see where they pointed the news , it was used by some ( 1-3 units ? 
  i might be wrong , not that deep into the subject ) . 
  the ability to not mention that the symbol is basically our independence war symbol and 100 % report it as a nazi monument ... well you can see why i might get sad at rt. 
  i am sure they knew fairly well , just a 2 minute google at our wikipedia article . 
  in fact i am sure it takes a lot longer to find out the detail that it was also used during ww2 by some estonians fighting for germany . 
  so fox is n't hurting others that bad actually as it is a party fight . 
  rt does nation wide slander campaigns . 
  hey , adidas track pants go with everything !, 
  also putin does n't seem to age after 30 or so . 
  well she lives in estonia . 
  she was listening to putin 's speech ( the one were they signed crimea joining with russia ) . 
  at one part putin hinted at something along the lines of restoring russia to it 's former glory in terms of territory and she reacted . 
  it was n't like she broke down and started crying , as i said she-half jokingly said it but some of the sentiment was dread/fear . 
  whatever you call it . 
  i just found it amazing that such political talk is going on . 
  i personally did n't read out that statement in such a way but she apparently did . 
  as she has lived most of her life under the su i do n't think she is that brainwashed by west , she should be more soviet sided in fact as earlier life is more impressionable . 
  well i always like to ask what is your opinion of the winter war to such questions to get a general gist of what kind of views you hold . 
  imperial much russia ? 
  someone should create some sort of meme for russia . 
  `` take one territory and all of a sudden they are the new us policing the world '', 
  how about this russia , deal with your own corruption issues , press issues and turn your country around . 
  then start telling others how to run their country . 
  they could get a piece of our capital tallinn , a municipality lasnam\u00e4e where majority of the speakers are russian . 
  lasnam\u00e4e is about half the size ( alright about 40 % ) of narva . 
  why not right ? 
  a nice slice of land taken from the capital of estonia ? 
  might bring in tanks and other troops . 
  build army bases on that strip of land just so the city buses would have to reroute or pay local fees . 
  in order to get to a local shop you have to apply for a russian or estonian visa . 
  after all they will be protecting the majority . 
  this was probably the best one . 
  a lot of different people and little events . 
  i honestly think i do n't watch these to get any tangible news , well it is n't important at least . 
  i just want to see simon be simon . 
  a little cocky balls of steel guy on the streets . 
  i see 4 reasons for crimea :, 
  1 ) possible oil fields ( some article said big oil companies seemed to flock near crimea waters ), 
  2 ) defending russian interests and sphere ( well obviously a reason ), 
  3 ) making his own name ( putin is putin ), 
  4 ) more territory is always nice to have , crimea is quite a good piece of land to develop in the long term . 
  ( it was also slowly losing its russian minded population so the powergrab was a now a good time as any ), 
  as for joining nato , unless something drastic happens do n't think so . 
  it was n't planned to begin with . 
  nato is contrary to belief a defensive organization in terms of activity . 
  they wo n't `` push '' into zones just to use their leverage of other nations . 
  if ukraine joins nato it will have to be in times when a threat is n't so obvious . 
  emphasis on `` if '' . 
  your idea or ... or ... ok listen ... or we give every person and force every animal to eat some sort of cold medicine at the same time . 
  but 2-3 is n't much , besides our body absorbs some of the radiation anyway . 
  so op question is still actually a good one . 
  i think this has n't been yet on any governments agenda and seems like an advanced undertaking . 
  after all we would have to provide at least on par value with the mighty russian media . 
  i think pervoi baltiski kanal is a baltic station ? 
  at least reporting from a baltic perspective or am i wrong ? 
  we would have to provide shows , news , maybe papers . 
  a lot of stuff , basically a whole industry in the making to kick start some kind of media outlet .
