  could it be painkiller or any of the serious sam games ? 
  i took some poetic freedom and tried to translate the meaning and not word for word as is often done with poems . 
   oh where , oh where does the sad one live, 
   oh where is the bad ones resting place, 
   widowed womans crying corner ,, 
   poor kids shelter ? 
   there the wind has made its home ,, 
   water rolled the logs in place ,, 
   rain covered the walls in moss ,, 
   dew rests on top of the roof, 
   there , there is the sad ones home, 
   there , the bad one rests, 
   widowed womans crying corner ,, 
   poor kids shelter, 
  really hard to extract the original idea or meaning . 
  just seems to talk about an old house that 's been ravaged by the elements and only the unfortunate find themselves homely in . 
  kind of a melodramatic and sad poem/song of hardship with a touch of comfort by the home theme . 
  edit : translated the above lyrics as the youtube song has quite bad echo and quality so hard to understand the exact lyrics . 
  i think the idea is good but even `` economic progress '' aid can go in favor of military goods . 
  obviously if you send humvees they will 99,9 % be used for military over simple economic aid but one does not eliminate the other . 
  so if you send even specific aid money the funds can be reshuffled into the military budget or for military aid in some way . 
  as for funding ukraine to become less corrupt ... well , good luck . 
  not saying it is n't possible but it is n't exactly something that has been tried either . 
  usually by examples the change takes time and comes from within . 
  `` well that 's like , your opinion '', 
  well i spoke the words that came out of my mouth , whos opinion would you think that would be ? 
  ooooh i loved avalanche . 
  the way the map was tiny but vertically built high . 
  all dat action though , every corner there were like 2 mgs and 3 snipers waiting for you so you had to push fairly realistically of a full squad throwing smokes , nades , covering fire . 
  basically everything possible . 
  also the amazing voice commands of germans yelling their stuff . 
  : ' ( great memories, 
  the younger people who are more adjusted/educated and have come in contact in some way with people of different races , be it schools , hobbies or even simple things as watching youtubers are very low on the scale 1-3 . 
  this includes redditors who to a large extent understand that people are people . 
  estonia as a culture does have a big if , that is our numbers are so low ( below 1m ethnics ) that any sort of bigger mix would cause the death of us . 
  we already have a large minority of former russians so we can come off as xenophobic in a larger scale of things ( also as someone pointed out in polls and statistics depending on the questions ) . 
  then there are those who were raised half soviet times and older people who lived most of their lives in soviet times . 
  these people can be xenophobic . 
  usually its the full chebang of xenophobia , racism , homophobia . 
  most are probably `` bubbled '' in terms of not speaking out but some might say stuff out loud if such a person is near . 
  in the city center area , as is common everywhere , we have different ethnicities walking around . 
  also even in `` spots you would think are more xenophobic '' as is our lasnam\u00e4e , i have seen black and oriental people living here and going to regular stores without seemingly getting any comments at all . 
  so its hard to judge , depends on the area . 
  i would say younger people are 1-4 and as you get into the older range it can be 3-8 . 
  estonia is a country that only in the past decade started getting even black people in prominent public eye as was our eurovision winner . 
  then we had another mixed race singer and recently a black politician trying to run for parliament . 
  i am sure there are more than those that come to mind . 
  so in essence it is n't apartheid trying to drag anyone non estonian down but such race subjects are new to us and simply think back at any country in their babysteps to a more open society . 
  we are just mildly at that stage . 
  i myself consider the issue of assimilation , if we have a set quota we would n't have any time for superficial `` ghettos '' or town parts of different cultures develop to split our society as is happening in different european countries ( as it happened to some extent to estonia after soviet times with a russian minority ) . 
  that is , even that is n't an issue as no one really wants to come to estonia . 
  shitty wages , shitty weather and when compared to some eu states shitty life . 
  i amazingly to this day , have n't gotten dod : s as it did n't come in any bundles that i bought so i kind of missed it totally . 
  my memories are of dod vanilla . 
  so this is `` news '' to me that they made the mp40 and thompson the same . 
  yeah that spot was great . 
  most were busy scanning the forward right building and the right path . 
  same way in some matches you could mg or snipe from ontop of the church tower for an easy 3 or so minutes as everyone ignored you if there was a battle going on . 
  fun to see people ducking in plain sight of your scope . 
  sometimes you did n't reload fast enough and they moved on . 
  youtube or in this case google has different ways of displaying ads . 
  you can buy for example 5000 displays or pay only for clicks on your ad . 
  you can display only for certain people , certain countries etc. 
  every keyword , phrase , every category costs differently all determined by a smart algorithm . 
  so a lot of choices but the basics are , if you watch it fully and possibly click it they will pay for it . 
  think about it , else everyone would just advertise to the maximum and get payed to advertise . 
  google earns money from the ads , not the other way . 
  channels earn money if people click ads ( or display ads ) on their channel . 
  you got that part right that you are benefiting them by going to their `` vote no '' channel in some amount but it most likely will cost them more if people give them `` no leads '' by clicking through but not taking any further action . 
  source : i know my adwords and adsense stuff -, 
  i did n't ... uhh ... i did n't go to the cinema today . 
  what a nice day . 
  sbu , fsb heck , any internal security service has quite serious guys working for them and most work well . 
  they are as close as you can get to `` movie spies '' . 
  if these guys start digging up shit about anyone , you know they have something worth talking about . 
  so far most stuff sbu digged up , like the numerous phone call taps have been traced to be true . 
  we do have to go on a case by case basis but do n't write this one off to propaganda just yet . 
  2015 - nordic in eurovision, 
  2016 - joining swedish empire, 
  2017 - estonia conquers world !, 
  eat shit and rip your dick off !, 
  you are magnificent bastard . 
  but he has headaches from bad implants ... headaches !, 
  nnooooo brotherrr !!, 
  i will from now on think it was all political and while russia sang `` if you feel lonely , a million voice will come '' / wink wink nudge nudge, 
  then some of the countries sang about breakup with a certain someone . 
  disclaimer : i know its not true but its fun to search for allegories that kind of fit . 
  it was a fairly tame semi-final . 
  everyone sent serious ballads besides finland . 
  so we failed you americans , just remember europe can produce awesome shit like : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone ( just as trivia , they got second place that year :d ), 
  not in english, 
  brother nooo !, 
  i used to hate pineapples slices on pizzas as the combo of a freshly tasting fruit with a pizza just does n't mix . 
  now i 'm kind of ok , i 'll eat them but it still makes no sense . 
  such a strong sense of its own taste that it does n't mix in any way . 
  maybe in your sleep it was a question of being eaten by a 60 foot monster if you got any of them wrong . 
  punk is punk , its such a hit or miss on tastes . 
  being from estonia a lot of bands here got famous were punk bands in early days . 
  i do find one important fact that punk might not carry onward on a larger scale . 
  that is you need some kind of context , you need to get what `` it '' is in that song/band .
