  so far estonia has just a few shows in russian or with russian on our national channels and some people working as experts for the russian sector trying to entice local russians into viewing those shows . 
  well i would be quite happy if there was just a village or something similar called estonia . 
  does n't matter if we have a country of 1 million or a small island somewhere called estonia . 
  as long as we have a place of our own i am fine . 
  all the best to sweden !, 
  ukranian nationalism is a problem . 
  fixing it by invading part of a country and putting in a pro-russian government is the solution ? 
  russia only defended crimea from this possible nazi thread . 
  if their pretext was to defend russians from nazis then how come they left the majority of russians undefended ? 
  they only took crimea while the east region is unprotected . 
  kind of silly to go into a country with the goal of `` we will protect you '' and actually protect like 20 % of your population leaving 80 % out there to ... i do n't know what these nazis are supposed to do . 
  kill russians ? 
  cause riots ? 
  i get what you are going for but ukraine pretty much had de-jure deals from the major powers to protect its territorial integrity . 
  same way those were basically not followed , nato could possibly wiggle itself out of defending estonia to its fullest commitment . 
  we are going into the land of make-belief here but if russia did attack estonia for whatever reason and could take estonians territory fast . 
  disarming the local populace , declaring elections and once again seemingly making estonia russia then nato could go `` well where is the problem ? 
  what is the point :d, 
  the best source for news is the internet . 
  you are no longer limited to local news broadcasts , raido or papers . 
  check both sides , check some more neutral news agencies . 
  go through about 3 + different reports depending on the news . 
  check facts and comments on what people object to . 
  there , you have a relatively general view on a subject and know what both sides are throwing at each other and can form your own opinion . 
  rt is state funded and does do propaganda if it suits them . 
  politics are a funny thing . 
  a country led by putin on the premise that `` west '' ( whatever that entity might be ) invaded ukraine , the solution was for putin to invade . 
  what evidence do we have ? 
  mostly third party hints and a whole lot of pretext in form of a semi-conspiracy theory that somehow proves the west is behind ukraine and by invading , russia is the good guy . 
  now we have 3 options . 
  1 ) putin is putting russians on to get what he wants by blaming the west 2 ) west is trying to get ukraine like putin says 3 ) something other, 
  well actually a good fourth one would be that all of the above . 
  putin is trying to grab a piece of land and territory just as `` west '' is . 
  no superior `` defending our people '' motive . 
  the very fact that most of the ukrainian russian population is n't living in crimea kind of makes it obvious that you would n't go in with `` i will protect '' and leave 80-70 % of russians unprotected . 
  i mean sure i get it , they went for the place where most are russian minded but it is n't exactly protecting all of their population from a supposed fascist threat . 
  it 's protecting only those who are in crimea . 
  kind of like setting up to clean ones home but only cleaning half of one single room . 
  kind of pointless or wrong to say `` i will clean the house '' to begin with . 
  well you got your answer but your title question is still interesting . 
  i would guess either invading a nato country or perhaps eating too much of the ukrainian cake . 
  on smaller scale some unit or group might snap and cause tensions by killing , wounding the other side or similar sorts of actions . 
  thankfully as we have seen those who oppose russia and ukraine itself has shown restraint and are strongly going for a diplomatic solution . 
  as for the second part of would support russia i would guess not many . 
  problem being the probable enemy of russia would be nato and allying with russia would make them a thread . 
  nato is after all the biggest military spender and has the biggest active army . 
  i am pretty sure even if you added the active troops of china and russia together nato would still have a bigger army . 
  i am obviously negating nuclear war as even if war did escalate i would hope it would be skirmishes and army show off before the red buttons get pushed . 
  if it went nuclear there is nothing to talk about - humanity would prove their idiocy . 
  fool me once shame on me kind of road . 
  us did drop a nuke on civilians but at that point the world did n't really know the full picture of radiation danger and what a nuke does in general . 
  chernobyl and japans hardships kind of painted the picture of the aftermath . 
  if we actually drop nukes in a country vs country war we deserve it as homo sapiens for being such homos . 
  so if russia did attack guns blazing i would say most of would steer clear of the conflict or rally behind ukraine and west . 
  the only unsure elements are probably a couple of countries who already supported russias actions and probably china who no one has a read on . 
  specific source . 
  vice news , tyt , freelance blog posts , articles . 
  there is no specific source as i pointed out . 
  you watch both sides of the biased sources like rt and fox , then search for commentaries and as many neutral sources as possible . 
  that is why i used a more common phrasing as `` the internet '' . 
  maybe google search is a more specific source ? 
  reddit is also quite good if you see what it links to . 
  basically as many news aggregates as possible to get a idea of what both sides are saying . 
  thank you for going over what state funded meant . 
  100 % state funded and 100 % propaganda free as the state is always for the people right ? 
  the state pays their bills and salaries ... need i say more ? 
  do you know the principle of a government and who keeps an eye on it ? 
  media that informs the people if the government gets out of hand . 
  do you know why a free press is important ? 
  state media is not a place to get unbiased news . 
  i am truly sorry if you think such a setup is a good idea . 
  mainstream media is owned by a few . 
  that is why you do n't rely on it as you do n't on rt. 
  besides on certain matters like country vs country i will know that if the news affects that country it damn well will be giving me skewed news about itself . 
  http://rt.com/news/estonia-russian-language-ban-635/ ethnic russian % is wrong . 
  there 1 lie . 
  the yt title of the rt video is `` estonia bans speaking russian '' need i say more about propaganda ? 
  http://rt.com/news/estonia-military-nazi-erna-607/ erna got destroyed . 
  actually they escaped over to german side and got reformed into erna battalion . 
  also the article is one sided and does not mention why these guys battled in those regions or at all . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gstbc6yfsk kind of a `` lamestream '' media title or a news piece would n't you say ? 
  as you can tell by the comments most got what rt probably was going for . 
  http://rt.com/news/ukrainians-leave-russia-border-452/ ... ( no comment  ), 
  http://rt.com/news/russian-vehicles-crimea-comply-agreements-227/ ... `` self defense forces '' ( among other news pieces ), 
  i do n't get the last part . 
  uh oook corporation takeover yeah fine . 
  do you think i will go `` ooooh rt is showing on corporations and how they grab power !, 
  never mind the propaganda on certain subjects ! '', 
  really ? 
  just because harry potter lives in london does n't mean the whole book is true . 
  i predict in future wars we will have more reporters and observers than actual troops . 
  `` guys there is a war !, 
  observers assemble !, 
  unesco , nato , un , news agencies !, 
  grab your gear and start observing '', 
  the term `` fox hole '' will take on a new meaning . 
  all bets are off . 
  a month ago i would n't of believed that russia would annex part of ukraine . 
  i would say it is much more likely to happen now if ever in the near future as a lot of check boxes have been ticked already . 
  tension ?
