  besides the for-mentioned rock we rely to keep our identity afloat . 
  you can counter this point if you like . 
  i am again only seeing it from my own perspective . 
  i kind of love how they did n't really care about this situation , still having a friendly banter in the car as attack helicopters where close by and one actually circled their car . 
  guy a : `` well these are sovi ... russian choppers '', 
  guy b : * laughing * `` well ... our guys obviously do n't have these '', 
  that guy became a local meme . 
  i believe he was a chef or waiter at some place . 
  his reaction must of been priceless after he realized he basically committed robbery and got caught . 
  `` hey other were looting ... so ... well ... uhhh ... shit '', 
  i get is what you are trying to say is that `` china did n't support the number 1 position , that is to go against russia '' but xithy has a point . 
  if china would of voted for russia the wording `` russia is isolated '' could n't of been used as it would of had a supporting vote . 
  just as in football there are draws , if you look at the game a draw for a certain faction is a lot better than for the other . 
  if spain vs andorra draw you know who are the winners of that round . 
  russia not getting that vote i would think is worse to them than west getting a +1 . 
  why would western countries/people believe crimea is voting on the behalf of themselves ? 
  just the fact that there are troops from the russian federation basically guarding the poll would deter a notion of fair election , no ? 
  besides rumors like tatars not having polling stations nearby , ukrainians staying at home and having state televised hitler documentaries on this day , music of soviet era at polling stations , having mothers have their kids vote kind of make it a farce ? 
  also ask your dad how much are actually pro-ukraine on the island , not that he has to know . 
  just what is his estimation ? 
  so be our simon ( if you do n't follow vice news he does balanced reporting on ground , speaks to people , lets them talk etc ) . 
  how much of the voting is a farce or is it legitimate ? 
  did your relatives vote ? 
  how easy it was to vote , did they need to check their passport or anything ? 
  it is worse in a sense that the west can now use the word `` isolated '' and can show that the only one to vote for russia/veto was obviously russia . 
  china is more russian sided than west sided . 
  china keeping the abstain vote line is good enough . 
  i was n't saying china was being pro-west . 
  i am saying west can show russia as the only one to vote for russia . 
  i believe it is n't exactly a valid vote if 12 % of the population already feel left out , at least some of them . 
  how it is worded seems to be :, 
  b ) crimea in the year ( 1992 was it ? ), 
  with more autonomy that would basically still mean , russia because what does the current government of crimea want ? 
  to join russia based on their talks and ads all over the place . 
  so what would the logical step be for the crimean russian minded government with more autonomy ? 
  probably find a way to be as close to russia as possible to the idea of joining russia . 
  no option c ) stay with ukraine as it was some months ago a la 2013, 
  the tatars , at least some of their leaders seem to have said that they wo n't vote as they like the situation and deals they had with ukraine . 
  this video kind of shows how a little more personal take on an event makes it a whole different story . 
  i mean the crimea army event was already old news and shown . 
  vice came in with old news so to speak but by talking to the people on a personal level and actually asking neutral questions it gave much more than a simple newscast . 
  we actually saw the motives of both the self defense forces ( those who are n't russians with badges hidden anymore ) and trapped military of ukraine . 
  favorite moment was when simon asked the ukrainian army guy `` will you join the russian army ? '', 
  and the guy snickered and answered basically no more , i 'll go for a civilian job maybe in crimea . 
  kind of crazy to think . 
  he joined the army to defend his country , then his part of the country declared independence more or less and decided to go one step further . 
  join russia . 
  kind of a life changer . 
  going to defend your country in crimea as part of ukraine and you are probably viewed as an `` illegitimate force '' by the time you are freed of duty . 
  there is n't any . 
  the self-made vote would grant `` more power '' to the crimean government and they would probably look for russia or outright join them . 
  i might edit it as i was n't trying to make it come out as a fact . 
  thanks again . 
  i trusted the words of a source i usually see legitimate . 
  i did n't recheck from other sources . 
  removed the statement about stalin being the one making tatars not be the majority anymore . 
  here lies the problem , just think how countries are made up . 
  the world leaders kind of accepted to respect the territories of each other , minorities or no minorities . 
  i still think russia is basically trying to change/bend the rules as have some others tried . 
  it brings more problems at current stage of world politics than clarity and is done a little wrong . 
  scotland is a good example of it done right . 
  have a third part observing force . 
  have both current power holders and the uprising state power holders agree on terms and hold a vote . 
  basically clear up the political mumbo jumbo before getting busy with the vote . 
  russia seems to be doing it 100 % opposite . 
  do n't talk with the interim government , make a vote , talk later . 
  hope for the best . 
  if you go by the idea that another countries population has the right to call the fatherland or motherland to help them and annex that part of the country because the majority are natives to the other country then you have a whole bunch of political redrawing to be done . 
  russia itself has huge minority populations . 
  basically a country is more than people living there . 
  all kinds of deals , power supply , industrial and economical zones , a city or area also wo n't be 100 % of one ethnicity as is the case with crimea . 
  i do n't think any numbers are shown but going by ethnicity about 40 % are n't russian . 
  i am not saying 40 % are against joining russia but 40 % do n't have obvious motives ( as being ethnically russian ) to do it and might have other views . 
  putin : `` hey ukraine , i was like calling you and got concerned where you were standing right ? '', 
  ukraine : `` yeah ... so ? '', 
  putin : `` well i was really concerned understand right ? 
  so i brought troops to east of ukraine '', 
  ukraine : `` wait what ? 
  why ? 
  what happened ? '', 
  putin : `` well nothing that serious or massive yet but i had my concerns '', 
  ukraine : omg, 
  * ukraine has left the chat *, 
  putin : lol, 
  did i understand something wrong but was n't the vote 95,5 % as more ballots got counted ? 
  i think the major thing about this vote is it was made in such a predicament that even if it was legal there was too much of a chance to cause foul play . 
  obviously i get it , in crimea there are a lot of russian speakers and ethnic russians . 
  the result might probably be in favor or russians . 
  still i would guess if it was 7 % to 93 % as the final result . 
  might be 35-40 % to 65-60 % . 
  at that point i would ask . 
  is a majority of 10-15 % enough to cause a switch ? 
  what about 20 % ? 
  i do not like that russia basically went in at the worst time and did an obscurely fast vote in a matter of days while having their forces take over the island . 
  the poll was n't exactly worded as the way it should of been either . 
  options of `` more autonomous crimea under ukraine '' and `` russia '' leaves no room for `` ukraine as it is '' . 
  brossia is like naw dude , dudets are ours for naw aight ? 
  true dat , true dat . 
  iz like broskies why you up in our hood ? 
  and dey like chillax .
