  well the soviet union was the country to bear the brunt of german and his allies arms but getting the biggest economical and production force on their side of the war was no mean feat . 
  it did kind of guarantee a victory . 
  another side of it was that the soviet union and other allies had a very flimsy alliance . 
  getting an ally who saw more eye to eye with uk was a welcome sight as soviet union did n't exactly play by the rules either . 
  after all soviet union had shown aggression by co-invading poland and attacking finland , also annexing territory into itself . 
  su was officially named an aggressor state at that time by the un 's predecessor council and kicked out of the organisation . 
  it was quite close that the west would of supported finland in force against soviet union but it did n't went that way . 
  all the support finland counted on like sweden protecting their territory and other western nations coming to help did n't come and ww2 happened like it happened . 
  we could of had the opposite scenario of germany `` coming to help '' against soviet union and occupying europe for 70 ` ish years but instead eastern europe was occupied by the soviet union . 
  this is also a thing in estonia . 
  we have `` neeger '' that has no pejorative connotation other than the one you get from the western world . 
  in actuality the word black `` must '' has a double meaning here for the color black obviously and being dirty . 
  usually if you want to refer to a dark skinned person you go for the uncomfortable and long `` mustanahaline '' or `` black skinned one '' to avoid any offense . 
  talk about a politically correct and global world eh ? 
  true , before we really did n't have an issue as talking about skin color was a moot point . 
  local news used the term neeger if they needed but now that we have a more steadier population of foreigners and even more of a interloped and connected society , the terms are obviously too similar to the n word . 
  ca n't always give a lecture beforehand for a word meaning so i guess news stations and the general public went for the safest route . 
  i mean obviously it is n't even a realistic problem as there are n't many foreigners living here , let 's face it , estonia is n't an ideal location to migrate to . 
  no western riches and for most of the year quite wet and cold . 
  i think western basically equals buddies with us and their world view . 
  devils advocate but this is really shady . 
  i might be going to hell for this but i urge people to use caution . 
  i mean you are risking with your own money here people . 
  1 ) the reasoning seem a little off , a little too all-in . 
  an orphanage is such a crucial establishment that it should contact kiev or anyone from the government . 
  you ca n't seriously rely on internet sites to get money and risk with the lives of 116 people . 
  nothing mentioned here of any other plans . 
  2 ) it triggers a lot of scam flags , bad grammar , urgency so people would n't fact check , a constant call for action and appeal on emotion . 
  i am probably going to be downvoted to oblivion but this really seems shady , maybe provide a video , or proof of some kind . 
  the pictures do n't really connect the events described to the pictures . 
  i mean i get the story and i get how desperate one might be but on the other hand it just begs for more proof . 
  there are bad people on the internet and it takes 1 scam to ruin people contributing to realistic causes . 
  hi , why is one of your proof images a slightly photoshopped picture from an article ? 
  - article image : http://argumenti.md/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/detskij-dom-topoljok.jpg, 
  - article : http://argumenti.md/archives/3214, 
  well this is almost certainly a scam now . 
  great morals you have people of ukraine or whoever did this . 
  for example one proof is a picture that was cheaply photoshopped from an article made to look different . 
  - article image : http://argumenti.md/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/detskij-dom-topoljok.jpg, 
  - article : http://argumenti.md/archives/3214, 
  second image proof ( https://images.indiegogo.com/file_attachments/749483/files/20140728124504-1b.jpg?1406576704 ) of a supposed document is , as some pointed out a copy/paste text of the very same article with `` help us ! '', 
  added to the end and a seal . 
  i have n't seen any but i would guess you would at least be a local to pull this off as you have access to common information and knowledge that would n't expose you right off the bat ( ip , knowledge of ukraine , local town etc ) . 
  also a guy who they used as ` proof ' was apparently verified to be from/in ukraine so at least if they are using this person some parts of them are local . 
  but no , i do n't have any proof to know where they are from . 
  i am just going by logic that if you try to pull of something like this you better be a local as you wo n't blatantly screw up your information . 
  easier to bs around if you actually know the surroundings and details of local life . 
  inb4 rt : `` eu sent in armed dutch men , nato feet confirmed on ukraine soil '', 
  i remember how fukushima was playing officer barbrady with their `` nothing to see here '' routine . 
  lets hope it is so . 
  a hollywood scenario :, 
  us send in a crack-commando team to take down putin . 
  putin is 3 seconds away from launching a nuke but after a minute of confusion between the blue , red , and get this , white wire ( innovation to bring in 3 wires , double the excitement ) , they manage to simply cut all the wires with just 1 second remaining . 
  this is followed by putin entering a secret rocket and flying off to a secret base yelling `` this is not the last you see of me , muhahaha '', 
  also an epic battle where mr.lavrov is exposed to actually be an ultra high tech robot with extreme power . 
  putin having giant mechs that get transformed from the sochi stadiums ( why else it cost so much ) and other cool awesome stuff . 
  should i lay off the cool aid ? 
  - lewis = reasony, 
  - duncan = teenagery, 
  - kim = loudy, 
  - hannah = maturey, 
  - sips = quirky, 
  - sijn = punchliney, 
  - turps = controlly, 
  - hat films = fillery ( in a good way , good filler material and they `` whore '' themselves out to everyone :d ), 
  rebirth ? 
  is he like ... christian now ? 
  that song was incredibly awesome . 
  i demand it as a separate video . 
  amazing episode . 
  lewis was quite the funny guy in this one . 
  well good luck i guess , his the closest we have to a russian sided simon i guess . 
  at least with him around funny stuff happens around him . 
  rt doing reports is quite bland and old style . 
  the mistake is obvious of not being clear enough in communication to make sure you know when own guys are coming back . 
  this time even the rebels seemed to have good intentions in mind if they were evacuating children but friendly fire is something that happens during war . 
  a stupid mistake at that and simple to avoid if kept to basic war protocol of keeping track who is on patrol or other tasks . 
  i remember the last secret deal germany and russia did , did n't end well for some of europe . 
  way to skip explaining the invasion of finland . 
  if your idea of a buffer zone is annexing countries and going to war with finland and poland then you are a sick man . 
  what good is avoiding a war if you start 2 wars that cost the lives of soviet troops and of nations who own those territories creating tension right up to 2014 ? 
  also annexing a lot of territory . 
  do russia have that right again in 2014 ? 
  lets invade poland , baltics and finland as nato might pressure us to war ? 
  you see how stupid of an explanation is that `` we needed the land as a buffer zone for ourselves '' because your nation is much important than those you invade right ? 
  russian logic at work . 
  you mean to say those 323,000 casualties in winter war on soviet side and 70,000 on finnish side . 
  those 5,000 dead and 15,000 wounded polish and 2,000 dead and 5,000 wounded soviet soldiers was all worth it because you needed a buffer zone ? 
  what about the deported people in the baltics and poland ? 
  about 350,000 poles according to soviet own records were deported . 
  about 275,000 people from baltic states got either deported or sent to a gulag . 
  are those 500,000 people worth it ? 
  around 43 % of the deported people died due to bad conditions like harsh surroundings or malnutrition . 
  you realize by going by the `` buffer zone '' idea you managed to piss of poland and kill their citizens and army commanders . 
  you totally backstabbed finland and brought them around 70,000 war casualties ( + point for bombing the capital city of helsinki thinking they would surrender faster ) and having an entire population group resettle the captured land in karelia . 
  never mind it pushed finland into a loose alliance with germany . 
  also you manged to piss of baltics who accepted your bases but the repressions you caused them cost another 275,000 people who got deported of which about 43 % never got the chance to return . 
  also the baltics sided with the nazi invaders much easier thanks to soviets annexing their land and causing harm to the locals so another region you pushed against the soviets . 
  tell me what part of invading and killing locals or deporting them makes it in any logical way the right thing to do if you are afraid of an invasion from germany ? 
  seriously , what if us attacks trough the baltics ?
