  same way as late as 1970 's american psychiatric association considered being gay a mental disorder . 
  people got a view of `` they are not like us '' imprinted in their brain . 
  also at those times continuing a family was most important as family was their most important possession , not financial reliance , you had to have someone to take care of you at old age or you suffered . 
  so it obviously ruined lineages and no one dared to really speak about the issue . 
  this was another thing , a lot of issues were n't spoken about . 
  a very common thing in ex-soviet countries is that the families are somewhat `` broken '' . 
  broken in a sense of actually loosing family members to wars , prisons , crimes , escapees to west and broken of not speaking of losing about those lost ones , thinking `` if we do n't speak time will heal and help us forget '' . 
  also a way to protect younger offspring from knowing of the horrors . 
  simply not to speak about it . 
  so it is a deep issue , censorship really did form the minds of older generations and having messed up family trees and not speaking of the atrocities of how their father , mother or grandmother died , made the decision of staying silent always easier . 
  same way the gay `` issue '' was dealt with . 
  people whispered behind each others backs pointing fingers , thinking who might be what . 
  it was never thought to anyone that it was actually ok to talk about issues . 
  a `` kgb/nkvd officer '' was no longer going to knock on the door and shame the whole family in front of others . 
  the point is we are both . 
  we are geographically north/east . 
  the map does n't just go left , right , up , down . 
  there are also those corners in right-up or left-down regions . 
  we are northeastern . 
  along with finland . 
  also other baltic states . 
  edit : omg did n't realize i wrote this much : /, 
  general goal of estonia :, 
  our most important issue is keeping estonia and estonians alive . 
  our country is geared toward benefiting more child births ( in the long run ) and keeping away unwanted foreign influence ( that is mostly russia still trying to put their stamp on us passive aggressively ) . 
  generally of our past :, 
  our pride historically is keeping our language , that is a big part of our identity being a small nation . 
  it is actually quite a feat considering the language survived through centuries of foreign rulers . 
  the harsh historic truth is that we were mostly farmers/serfs of others and communicated among our own lower/mid classes - still the language was kept and we did n't adapt rulers tongue . 
  our attitude :, 
  i would stereotype us as a stern and as people who say things directly . 
  we also are mostly pessimistic and like to think of the worst case scenario . 
  among our private friends/family group we are happy but when talking business or with little less familiar people we like to get real . 
  so we are n't much of a small talk people . 
  we are heavily sarcastic though and often criticize ourselves and others in a half joking tone . 
  so while not beating around the bush we still often include sarcasm in explaining matters if the direct explanation might be too harsh . 
  we also work quite heavily and for that are stressed as a population . 
  our politicians speak in a monotone , stern , no-bs manner of `` why am i even explaining this , you should be smart enough to understand the situation '' look on their faces . 
  also while direct , estonians usually avoid confrontation . 
  they might spill the beans on their views but when confronted or agitated they usually try to remain calm and not respond . 
  i personally think we are half-android with cold resistance honestly . 
  we work , we talk in a `` programmed '' monotone fashion and we like when a system/routine works . 
  i guess it kind of coincides with the nations that have controlled us , those being majorly germans , then the danes , swedes , also estonians living pre 13th century as their own tribes and later 18-20th century russian times . 
  we are also very annoyed to be grouped as `` slavic eastern europe '' as again we consider ourselves as the people of 10,000 bc - 17something something people , the 200 or so years under russian rule is something we consider as devastating as romans consider the barbars invading their lands . 
  estonian near future goals :, 
  estonia heavily is trying to brand itself as a nordic country . 
  that is our next step . 
  have you seen polandball comics ? 
  the harsh reality is that it 's mostly true . 
  so anything to do with scandinavia/nordic grouping we try to get our noses in . 
  be it military co-op or even supply buying , economic grouping , councils . 
  even our biggest local banks are scandinavian firms , as we know money means influence and we are letting a lot of nordic influence into our country - we like it though . 
  random :, 
  also for being small population our politics/politicians really are amongst our own people . 
  in tallinn you quite often might stumble on a politician drinking next to `` the common '' folk at some local bar . 
  so they do n't really have a `` high horse '' to sit on as the power they wield if relatively small and dirty deeds get out quite fast . 
  our modern sayings are `` the best food for an estonian is another estonian '' hinting that we like to compete and covet thy neighbor a lot  . 
  oh we are also quite non-religious obviously , that comes down to basically we do n't consider it a part of our lives at all . 
  instead of praying or what not we rather take that 10-15 minutes and be on facebook . 
  another modern saying that sums up estonia/estonians is `` everyone knows everyone '' or `` estonia really is small '' , basically means that situations of `` hey i know that person too '' are common and if you need to talk to someone there is a good chance that a friend of a friends friend might know that person . 
  we somehow always end up being connected . 
  in essence this means again that we do n't really have `` superstars '' or `` upper class '' snob people as they operate among a tiny population . 
  if you compared this to us it would be like `` hey beyonce 's mother is my fathers classmate , i might get that message to her if you really need it '' . 
  also : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvvshvqcuv4, 
  are you trolling or for real ? 
  1 ) you can see the subscriber amount if you would bother to look a little bit right on your monitor . 
  today the counter shows 2,473 subscribers . 
  2 ) this forum is for international use . 
  estonians can write in estonian if they want to but english is encouraged so other countries can read up on what is going on . 
  it is often used as a way for foreigners ask the locals on common issues . 
  be it bus schedules to water safety , something we as locals know but they do n't . 
  3 ) there are plenty of estonian language forums you can join . 
  pick one . 
  planet foorum , toru foorum and i am sure you can find other ones . 
  they are a known commodity to 35 and younger . 
  to others they probably have heard or know their name . 
  more or less can be considered a household name you expect people to know about . 
  as for fans their music is quite strange , kind of a screamo punk thing among other stuff . 
  quite an acquired taste so do n't know how many gigs they would fill . 
  `` thankfully '' it was n't a stereotypical school shooting where everyone was a target . 
  i would see it as a homicide on school premises . 
  it is quite a rare thing . 
  i have n't even heard of any realistic hands on fights between students and teachers . 
  it 's like we skipped a beat and went straight to a shooting . 
  we even had a local movie that was quite popular and showed in schools to actually prevent this some years ago . 
  well it was n't specifically for this purpose but it did a pretty good job at diverting attention to the then american problem . 
  here is a clip from the movie that depicts the shooting : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttuzsrgz7sc, 
  they were seen wearing adibas shoes , armoni suits drinking coce-cola while in their prius . 
  i was going for ye'olde `` anti '' joke . 
  prius is such a ` well ' respected car that it does n't require a knock off . 
  this is cool . 
  if it is anything like icewind dale/bg or fallout 1/2 we will have a heck of a lot of character development done by sijn/lewis . 
  ( meaning old school gameplay , i know it will be `` like '' like fallout as fallout was a homage to wasteland ), 
  judging by the start they sure know their comical rpg ` ing . 
  well that quote is stupid , we ca n't be balts as balts are balts . 
  we consider ourselves finno-ugric as we are just that . 
  the children of past finno-ugris . 
  we have gained the name of estonia/estland/eesti / viro/schudes and probably other . 
  estonians are a big mash up of indigenous estonians , eastern people , finnish , swedish , german bloodlines . 
  depends on how one defines nordic i would presume .
