  where these awkward moments happen is important . 
  4 ) lastly i guess what she or he talks . 
  watch how brutally honest he/she is when talking about other people . 
  then you can be 99 % sure he/she acts the same way when talking about you . 
  well if you have kids who have kids then you have certainly gone past some life stages that define your overall `` lifeschool '' measures . 
  it 's all relative . 
  36 is the ` beginning ` ish ' of a modern societies middle age . 
  still if we are going by the often used old/young categories i would say most people would use `` 36 , well you are beginning to show some age '' type of sentences rather than '' / insert age below 30 / , you are still relatively young '' . 
  just out of interest i 'll add my categories, 
  1-20 teens, 
  20-30 young adults, 
  30-40 approach to the mid ( some have gotten past their youngling , some still catching up mentally ), 
  55-70 old age, 
  o_o if i got one for 30 bath i was lucky . 
  it went as high as 60 bath as far as i can remember . 
  soup you can find from 30 bath to up to 80 bath . 
  ( well obviously higher prices too but i 'm talking about those cheaper small timers they have everywhere ), 
  i did find a fallen tree that had like 10 coconuts on them so i smashed one in and drank that so i guess you can technically find free ones . 
  agreed on mass effect . 
  i do n't think any rpg has had such good immersion in terms of character development on such scale . 
  it even made you root for the guys who maybe were onscreen 2 % of the overall game , like anderson or hackett . 
  it felt like an old school rpg in terms of scale and work/detail put into , all the nooks and crannies filled in with backstories and a good ( enough ) believable world/universe built around it . 
  did n't help that bioware developed probably the best dialogue system so far that made the cutscenes play out like a triple a hollywood movie . 
  also a huge huge step forward in flowing and natural writing + voice acting . 
  people talked like people , the other game that has achieved breaking this stereotypical written dialogue in games has been la noire were the characters managed to cross the line of `` npc # 1 '' to `` an animated actor '' more or less . 
  married with children, 
  moon moon, 
  obviously the tattoo artist could n't finish the windmill and only had time to do the blade of the windmill , before the guy had to go on a vacation . 
  well prone and behind concealment would be the best choice . 
  uhhh ... i think you will find that you can . 
  while it is harder , more so if you do n't have a suitable screwdriver , laptops are still computers . 
  just with smaller components . 
  sure it is n't as easy but when the occasion calls for the most important point is that you can do it without breaking something . 
  well obviously thought is a thought , the inner monologue that we have every day is an expression of our brain `` thinking '' . 
  observations are a subcategory of a thought , for example visual thoughts on something . 
  from the word , observe . 
  1 ) be ultra metrosexual , have a posse of bright clothing wearing people with you . 
  basically some hot shot from new-york type . 
  2 ) go for a middle eastern look . 
  burkas and all that are still very foreign to us . 
  even the male middle east garb of long dresses is something we are n't accustomed . 
  actually practicing religion itself is quite foreign so you might as well be a christian open air preacher and you will get the looks . 
  most importantly , if you dare , go to other parts of town besides city center . 
  like lasnam\u00e4gi or mustam\u00e4gi were `` everyday '' people who do n't visit the city center live . 
  they are more easily impressed , hell some might give you a look for skinny jeans there . 
  other stuff is also true that was already said here . 
  be cheerful , smile , do small talk - this is enough to cause uproar . 
  we are on average a really bubbled and introvert society when it comes to everyday interaction with strangers . 
  this is indeed where it gets technical . 
  all games are rpg 's , even the ones you play outside as a child . 
  cops and robbers , tagged one and escapees etc. 
  even in your worklife you have a role to fulfill that might not be what you are when off work . 
  the term op obviously meant is role playing video game as a genre . 
  we all got it but some have to be ducks about it . 
  what the fu ... !? 
  my mind is actually blown . 
  i thought this was unique to me but this was one of my childhood common dreams . 
  at some moment perception got screwed . 
  usually my body parts were the first to seem very strange , hands became huge while i felt as my actual self got small . 
  it did feel as my hands were getting bigger and not me smaller though . 
  i also remember sound got very distorted and slowed down . 
  sometimes again sounds speed up at doubling in speed every second until it was an annoying constant stream of high pitched noise . 
  it was a nightmare feeling for me and i hated when i got one of those dreams . 
  anyone have any references or explanations on this ? 
  i would like to learn more . 
  edit : i see the perception of getting big/small bodyparts and dreams screwing with scale is common . 
  sadly no one seems to have an explanation about the sound thing i experienced ( or at least shared the experience ) . 
  let it be known that thi number for hanging shall be 47 . 
  not 46 , nor shall it be 48 , as the number thi shall be is 47 as it is the perfect number thou hang thiself . 
  gin and drunkan were the best in this one . 
  it was movie quality acting and scene . 
  `` no i do n't wa n't to go first , you go fir ... gaaaaah '', 
  * 5 sec pause *, 
  that is the medieval map of europe so basically 1343-2014, 
  why are those pants so damn tight ? 
  dude so true . 
  i live in a 99,9 % white country and i went on a trip where whites are more or less only tourists . 
  i managed to walk into a substreet and all the people stared like crazy , i felt like i was some alien . 
  kids stopped literally playing with a ball and they all stared . 
  also a lot of stereotyping for that reason of being white and a tourist , oh you must have money , i will heckle you to death . 
  nope sorry , i am a sob like the rest of you , not rich and simply enjoying a rare trip i manged to scramble up with my funds . 
  if you go for a `` white is privilege '' reasoning you are approaching from the wrong end . 
  for that you could go in an almost infinite `` oh i was n't born into a rich family '' , so unfair . 
  `` oh i was n't born as a norwegian , shit wages '' , so unfair . 
  `` oh i am a woman , obviously men have privileges '' etc etc etc. 
  if you are not a total ass `` being white '' is the same as `` being black '' , you have a race and 99 % of the day you live without thinking about it . 
  actually i lied , there is one difference between whites and blacks that no black girl or guy will experience . 
  tanning !, 
  then again if you are not into tanning its more or less a curse as if you stay outside for a long period of time you will literally get burns on your skin and sun cancer , do n't forget about that sun cancer on your skin . 
  i think they `` took '' some parts of those patches ideological meanings and also added their own ideas . 
  kind of take all the `` good '' bits and deny following bad ones . 
  good bits being fighting for ones country , being active in ones nation etc. 
  same way how radical russian neo-nazis could exist . 
  they simply took the german idea of `` purity '' of a nation and redefined it for russia . 
  more or less how any neo-nazi party could exist in a modern world . 
  also when it comes to war you want to be in the heat of the battle with what makes you , you . 
  for some its their more extreme elements about themselves . 
  so a symbolic patch that might represent their , albeit radical , nationalistic view is still part of them . 
  also also it is probably a big f u to russian troops and a `` enemy of my enemy '' situation of trying to be something the enemy hates . 
  so the answer is it is n't precisely nazi symbolism but have taken on a new meaning .
