  baltic states together have a big enough landmass in europe . 
  the population together somewhere between ireland , norway , denmark , finland . 
  so for the exact reason you proclaimed baltic states usually are quite likeminded in their political views and use it as a stronger strikeforce when they sign treaties or have to give official opinions and to get their opinion heard . 
  obviously this is lithuania voicing their opinion but a more politically worded `` support ukraine '' statement would be heard from all the baltic states . 
  also what kind of small cities have you lived in ? 
  lithuanias population is around 3 million . 
  by your logic berlin is a small city as its total pop is 3,5 mil . 
  i admit i have n't read the whole document but , fix me if i 'm wrong , uk promised to protect if someone violated the ukrainian border . 
  or maybe there are technicalities if one of the actual protectors turns to violate the border ? 
  so i do n't know how direct the `` military to protect ukraine if something happened '' rings true . 
  i hoped the general articles would n't get this wrong but i guess there is another treaty i have to read through . 
  at least this conflict made me actually want to read the ukrainian constitution , nato articles . 
  now the nuclear treaty . 
  in soviet russia patriotism sing you up , not you sign up for patriotism . 
  1 ) you have a serious problem of understanding conflict . 
  invasions are on different scale . 
  when soviet union invaded finland it mobilized only certain parts of their army , they still had heaps of more stuff than finland so it was reasonable . 
  when us invaded iraq it only mobilized certain parts of their army , they however were against such an ill equipped army that they took them out before iraqis even saw them . 
  i think only 1 tank was immobilized throughout the conflict on the us side , i might be wrong . 
  point being wars are n't `` i send everything on you ! '', 
  even in bigger conflicts . 
  this is an invasion of eastern ukraine by russia . 
  obviously the political message of a full scale invasion and the economic/social strain of a full scale mobilization is not something worth but more importantly needed . 
  russia put enough force into this to tip the scale in favor of them . 
  russia is trying to keep the `` these are rebels '' message probably to keep their own people on their side and so is careful to not include a lot of russian exclusive weapons , marks . 
  if they sent bombers/jets it would make it very obvious . 
  2 ) it is a civil war but it 's a very localized civil war . 
  the more accurate description would be civil war in eastern ukraine . 
  rest of the country lives and operates normally , without combat . 
  3 ) democratic government did n't get overthrown . 
  while in russia president = power = government perhaps ukraine is n't like that . 
  ukraine takes more after european countries . 
  the main pillars of the government are parliament , cabinet and pm who are all legally elected before maidan even happened and have stayed in constant power . 
  only one that got changed was the president without any direct legal backing . 
  parliament has most of the countries acting power in their hand , they lead the country . 
  appoint the cabinet and pm . 
  4 ) if hostile re-action from eu/nato/west makes russia go to war with ukraine it is still russia 's fault . 
  you ca n't invade other countries because some other country is mad at you . 
  `` finland lets invade you because i do n't like how nato talks about you ! '', 
  `` ukraine , nato and eu are offensive about russia and friendly with you . 
  now i 'm going to invade you because of it ! '', 
  1 ) then i have nothing to argue . 
  the line russia is going for is working . 
  2 ) last time they did n't attack , they actually ridiculously tried not to be provoked . 
  go trace back what was happening in crimea . 
  they lost that part of their country for now . 
  they took a radical approach in fright of losing more of their country and launched a military campaign to the east . 
  rebel side however has brought the conflict to south/east of ukraine where it was peaceful before near the town of mariupol . 
  3 ) in order to call early elections/disband the government the current parliament has to somewhat agree to this . 
  current and arguably the former president already run a thin line of article 102 of the ukraine constitution . 
  article 90 lists how the special elections are called for . 
  he has to discuss this with member of the parliament before deciding to call early elections . 
  i do not however find by what legal right did he call early elections on as the constitution does n't really speak of any reasons he gave to be valid . 
  also i would say the constitution lacks anything at all for presidents who went awol , by the constitution it was referred they acted on article 85 point 7 . 
  that simply is the normal `` can call for presidential elections '' statement . 
  they are going by the logic that since the president is awol and not acting they have to go for a new president . 
  4 ) i might read your sentence wrong but it does n't make sense . 
  `` hostile reactions from nato '' - nato attack, 
  `` would be a result of popular public opinion and preasure '' public behind nato, 
  `` on wanting a russian response ... '' russian response, 
  `` not because of a civil war . '', 
  ukraine war, 
  so what you are saying is the public will want nato to attack russia ? 
  why ? 
  where are you getting this and what gives you an idea that country citizens who are members of nato have called for war with russia ? 
  if anything there has been a lack of response in terms of ukraine from nato . 
  they have stayed mostly out of it . 
  they are only insuring their partners like poland , baltic states that they will be protected . 
  i would think some would call for saving of ukraine territory integrity and nothing more , no one wants to war with russia . 
  everyone wants to simply give ukraine back what they had before . 
  these `` some '' however are articles and comments i have seen online , so not really a popular opinion . 
  nato main message so far is `` not going to ukraine , russia is seen aggressive , will protect our own nato member states by sending troops to them '', 
  i think schools should actually go over to video game systems . 
  firstly instead of schoolwork you have quests . 
  overachiever ? 
  achievements you can wear on your coat for extra work !, 
  teachers ? 
  moar like quest givers !, 
  all they need is government funded loot system to give to children when they earn enough xp as rewards . 
  it 's less of a decline and more of the rest of the world catching up . 
  it 's the speed of that the rich west grows has stopped . 
  eu has re-organized the idea of development of europe . 
  instead of west racing ahead and driving the gap between rich and poor europe the idea was to take some of that money out of their own country and invest it in poor europe to help them catch up . 
  this would in some far future mean that the region will be stronger and be able to support each other with more equal workforce , education , skill levels and economical standards . 
  in practice this can be seen by eu support funds ( available if you google `` country name eu money '' or something similar on where the support is going . 
  also largely by uniting the entire eu zone under one common roof with common money and people by eliminating borders . 
  in short term it will create turmoil ( `` brain '' leakage of people moving to more well established countries and uncertainty in adapting to a new currency and all that it brings like again a new open market , being able to adapt a bigger devaluation , taking control of their currency from the country etc ) . 
  the risks are that as every project it could fail but it is well too early to really tell . 
  eu is walking it 's baby steps as in its current form it has only reached with the past 2 decades . 
  thanks for the article . 
  i learned that the someone of us three , lithuania , has finished a lng import terminal . 
  best timing ever , according to the wiki article i found it will be actually able to supply 100 % of lithuanian needs . 
  estonia/finland are also planning/designing a joint project that would supply both countries though pipelines and a common terminal . 
  latvia i have n't heard from anything besides them wanting one also . 
  so russia is losing their monopoly in 3 ( possibly 4 ) regions . 
  i hope this will mean cheaper gas for lithuania as the competition in order to win the market could always offer cheaper gas . 
  not sure what the competition even is in terms of prices . 
  or if gasprom offered fair prices to begin with . 
  just to clarify who did n't read it before the reason for poland to deny the airspace was because russia decided , pretty much before the flight , to reclassify their airplane from civilian to military . 
  so it was poland 's right to not allow military classification planes to fly over them and demanded that the flight was reclassified to civilian .
