  also out of curiosity i noticed usa even now has laws that basically allow this to happen . 
  some islands grant the nationality of usa but not the citizenship . 
  they all have `` national but not citizen '' embedded in their passports . 
  oh obligatory bla bla blah , have plenty of russian or mixed family friends . 
  do n't care who you are as long as you are n't one of those `` stalin was the best xoxoxo '' , `` estonian republic is so shit !, 
  xoxoxo '' , `` want ussr back !! '', 
  kind of types . 
  now try explaining it to someone that believes . 
  i have had forum discussions of doctorate degree lengths about `` if gods knows everything , every little bit how on earth did he manage to program mankind into sin '', 
  the reply is usually `` god gave a choice and it was free will of mankind '', 
  they do n't understand that god as the `` programmer '' had to even see that option . 
  another fav brain teaser for christians of mine is why on earth did god , the creator of everything need such an elaborate scheme to fix his own creation . 
  why does a jesus figure have to die by torture ? 
  no possible other way to use his magic powers ? 
  usual answer include `` only god knows '' , `` god works in mysterious ways '' and similar , `` it was so so it was so '' replies . 
  also a great yt channel for those who do n't know , basically bible stories + critical thinking + humor : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ldi2fjq_oe, 
  hey they actually did a pretty good story and character for max payne 3 . 
  he is supposed to be a mid-life crisis life down the gutter , good guy but wrong lifestyle kind of guy drinking his life away doing risky jobs as his wife and child were murdered . 
  i think rockstar did a pretty good job . 
  max payne was obviously edgy and a cool `` film noir '' inner monologue driven fresh take on gaming , also a lot more urgent storyline and max as his family was just killed . 
  mp2 was kind of so so but kind of had a sequel taste to it as most games have . 
  mp3 actually pulled it back and made a gripping tale . 
  for a third game of a series it was excellent . 
  a lot of realistic moments and scenes in the game . 
  mp was more about constant narrative during action . 
  mp3 had jump cuts to different events where we got to see max have a non-shooty-shooty time of simple dialogue . 
  made for a more different sided max as we got to see him `` relax '' which mostly meant either drinking or off the cut comments about society . 
  also companions in missions that gave for the opportunity to inner monologue and dialogue . 
  so we developed this personal idea of what max thinks in his head and how he interacts with friends . 
  kind of like our own personal thoughts and what we speak out . 
  lastly i actually like that max changes . 
  kind of an awesome thing to see a video game character actually have progression . 
  this does n't suit every character but one as realistically written/depicted as max his 35-55 years , he still could be awesome and kicking . 
  i actually have no idea what ages max was in the series . 
  i would guess something like mp1 25-35 , mp2 35-45 , mp3 45-55 . 
  ( edit : googled , in mp3 his supposedly around 47 ), 
  think of it as an interactive book + boardgame + national treasure . 
  it will soften the blow at how clunky and dated it is . 
  i 'm mid 20 's and even for me it was bad . 
  do n't know how it feels for you . 
  it is awesome to play it slow and treasure the relics though . 
  it is quite `` grand '' though and that might be bad also as you have to learn a lot like the basic rules of any dnd official ruleset game . 
  it 's also `` rougelike '' in terms of difficulty . 
  you will have a hard and unforgiving time fighting , part of its charm but modern games have kind of spoiled us . 
  i totally get the new games also as getting stuck in somewhere was n't always nice and you wanted progression but bg is sometimes on the other end of the spectrum . 
  forgot a silver weapon ? 
  good luck killing werewolves . 
  if you shrug through about 25 % or like act 2-3 or so you will get the hang of it but there is a pretty good chance that you will abandon this game beforehand . 
  basically if you feel the `` calling '' to taste rpg history go for it or try another game of that age , ruleset that is n't as hardcore or lengthy to get yourself used to the general feel . 
  `` that border area near russia '' is our country ... 
  russia needs to stop ironically enforcing their own stereotype of an aggressive nation . 
  you ca n't really build trust with de-militarization when your answer is `` we will attack you if you wo n't de-militarize '' . 
  what kind of oxymoron world do you live in ? 
  winter war happened for the same reasoning , soviet union was afraid that finland could be a staging ground for a second front . 
  what happened ? 
  soviets attacked . 
  such a stupid reasoning . 
  we are afraid of you attacking so we actually attack you . 
  we do n't care about your opinions or rights , we care about our own ones . 
  i always thought it was more or less an easy way to broadly assess someone . 
  awake ? 
  well his or her body is well enough to maintain consciousness so we have at least some time to get him/her to proper care . 
  unconscious ? 
  the body shut down to preserve itself . 
  something must be quite wrong or damaged . 
  ok , then i 'm ok with that . 
  point your nukes at us . 
  not like we could know where they are pointing at anyway or what base they are secretly shipped to . 
  there might as well be 5-10 subs with nuclear capabilities in the baltic sea right now that no one can track . 
  then allow us to build our defense shield . 
  then allow russia to build their own defense shield and we would slowly make ballistic missiles whatever they carry less efficient by developing defensive counter-measures as are these supposed ballistic shields . 
  granted any defense system is one step behind any attack system but there are logical limits to propelled rockets . 
  certain shields theoretically can be efficient enough to counter the best propellant rockets . 
  the current system has rockets shoot rockets . 
  if the ai is good enough to track something , a smaller rocket will be faster than a bigger nuclear rocket . 
  us had some laser defense system developed recently with successfully bringing down an incoming rocket by overheating it . 
  if this system for example gets developed further , a laser beam will always be faster than a physically propelled rocket if it gets a lockdown . 
   are you talking about the bush doctrine ? 
  actually yes . 
  that is why that reasoning was also wrong . 
  at least in case of iraq they exited from there and did n't annex . 
   they do n't speak about de-militarisation , they pretend to protect russian people, 
  well de-militarization in terms of `` stop putting troops in baltic states '' . 
  russia itself in terms of overall commitment is re-arming their army to the brink , investing quite a lot . 
  then again a worthy part of russian economy is selling military hardware so they have to hype their products and keep it up to date . 
   at least , somebody who can see the wrong on both sides . 
  i think i 'm not a minority with this opinion . 
  america at that point lost a lot of supporters . 
  most higher ups who supported the war be it blair or bush fell under mostly slander and unpopularity and more or less decided their downfall . 
  also we got the common phrases of `` invisible weapons of mass destruction '' and `` where there is oil , us will wage war '' phrases into common internet lingo . 
   i prefer a bloodless annexion of crimea than a bloody non-annexion of iraq , 
  well in 100 years one can have more dire results . 
  while obviously hundreds of thousands of lives ruined ( millions ? ), 
  is worse , russia managed something not less strange . 
  more or less russia sent a big `` fu '' message to everyone by not protecting the borders of ukraine and restarting the `` our people living there = our land '' idea that has led to a lot of conflict and war ( not just ukraine , conflicts before with similar ideas started by other nations besides russia ) . 
  both american imperialism and russia trying to be a counterforce by also being imperialistic is not good . 
  i also get that part of ukraine land was given to ukraine just because it was logical but re-organizing land because it once belonged to you through covert military and annexation is not exactly a reasonable way to go . 
  land disputes are probably the numero uno conflict starters and this could last longer than iraq memories as every generation of ukrainians will learn about losing land in the 21st century to russia through covert means . 
  dungeon keeper is a sub-genre of its own . 
  oddly not many games have picked up the torch .
