  we are a speck on the cosmic scale of things . 
  the planet has survived and perhaps been helped thanks to plenty of big collisions and explosions . 
  we are on a natural curve of a mass extinction due to low amount of resources , already kind of happening in india/china and africa . 
  our only hope is that our technology will catch up and we either start grabbing up room in space , generate more efficient way to grow food or just ... enjoy the natural population curve of growth and death . 
  europe kind of got their population under control and is in decline ( unless you count immigration ) . 
  india/china/africa ... oh boy ... 
  confirmed , lewis and tom are the same person with different levels of scruffy beard growth/tiredness . 
  proof that graphics are ok when animals think its real . 
  also that cat is an ass for obviously trying to butt-scratch the other cat by surprise . 
  generally football . 
  it used to have a cultural connotation and a `` occupier sport '' as soviet russians played it . 
  we kind of skipped like 3-5 decades of development but we are slowly catching up with better fields , youth training , trainers , ` academies ' etc. 
  natural selection was something amazing a rts/fps that actually realistically managed to retain balance in every aspect , also atmospheric as f. 
  this , thai fish in a bag . 
  or . . `` is that a thuuumaarh '', 
  i in no way hate martyn but i find him to be one of the most uhh . . different yogs . 
  he is very pg and stands out imho . 
  kim was ok . 
  while depending on the day relaxing in class is fine i find this picture frankly sad . 
  i used to have no idea how much partly taxpayers subsidize , you yourself put in and how much human hours go into preparing/taking classes . 
  some would fight tooth and nail to get educated in such conditions . 
  hanno is the smartass of the class , j\u00fcri is the slightly obese looking average joe , jevgeni is the foreign student , seeder is the stern teacher , artur is the free spirit and helme is literally hitler . 
  the general tip is good that you should try to eat stuff you hated as you mature but the 7 year thing is rubbish . 
  i still hate canned peas , ` meaty/chunky ' sausages , canned corn , cottage cheese . 
  i love how gta basically created a whole new genre `` 80 's game '' . 
  the slang , the colors , the music , the cars ... oh god how fun this game was and it was such a serious setting about drug cartels and backstabbing . 
  tatars, 
  i recently saw some kind of huge beetlebug . 
  i heard a very loud * cliiiinng * noise and a * thud * . 
  looked down on the floor and , what could only be described as a facehugger irl , on its shell trying to roll over . 
  basically it had flown into a gas stations roofside and fell down . 
  i still have shock as these bullets fly around and could hit me or you at any minute . 
  you , you are . 
  you are a very positive person and without you , lives of other people would be more miserable . 
  is n't this standard ? 
  estonia uses the yellow light just before it goes red so people know to slow down or either rev up if they are too close to make an easy stop . 
  also i am not sure how common this is but during night when pedestrian and vehicle traffic is low our traffic lights get ` turned off ' and this is where the yellow light mostly gets its use . 
  every traffic light not working the red/green regime will flash yellow for easy distinction . 
  this allows for a very speedy traveltime if you need to move during nighttime . 
  nice idea but it is very ... bare bones , basically laid out . 
  also you are in no way prohibited from doing this anyway . 
  they have talked or pointed out user made stuff on reddit countless times as was the ttt statistic thread or the civilization rating threads that come to mind right away . 
  i think they are not lacking in content to go for such a plan , this would make it a little more elaborate to create content - they are doing fine currently . 
  those fan-made minecraft maps where ` best of the worst ' so to speak and to even get that quality monthly is risky . 
  but jack was playing himself ... look at his popular roles , he usually randomly yells , is menacing , a little looney . 
  that is why he was the perfect joker , he had to play his usual role amped up . 
  romero was the clown , ledger was the psyho and jack was just crazy . 
  you can view it as a mock trial . 
  not that this particular guy was a thread but `` if you try to beef with me , i will trial you and end your political career '' kind of thing for future candidates . 
  kes ei tea kes mike pence on siin on \u00fcks ta briifinguid :, 
  lets just say hitler would be alliance . 
  lets see ... have a sex change and turn ultra religious muslim . 
  what an idiot , everyone knows you should wait just before the impact and walk away . 
  10 feet is too high . 
  when you look into the mirror and wonder what happened to the once 5 year old lebanese boy . 
  dodger : 3, 
  i kind of like it even with ` funny ' or misleading tags . 
  i mean out of the 300,000 games maybe only 100 have these troll tags upvoted . 
  i prefer the entire gaming community to make and upvote tags vs a couple of employees who wo n't be able to manage it anyway . 
  so a little anarchy is sometimes good , makes you know the system is n't that rigid . 
  not that crazy but a group of guys would n't check in their hours correctly so a carding system was put in place on an offsite object . 
  then something fishy started happening , they started turning up too early - yup , the guys had took the carding machine home and thought in no way in hell would the secret come out . 
  i always loved this carlin quote . 
  the planet will heat more but in the end we are only speeding up the natural process of what a planet does anyway . 
  slowly losing its atmosphere until it becomes a desolate rock in space . 
  such a cold but beautiful realization that we are part of a bigger picture that we ca n't really change that much ( yet ) , like it or not . 
  we do want to change it though to keep ourselves as a species alive or until we can start colonizing . 
  for once i think i have the easiest method that i constantly use for this . 
  simply slightly raise your hand the way you plan to go and `` make way '' . 
  this way you physically already align your body and `` cut off '' the route so the other person understands . 
  no dance or eye contact needed . 
  you might want to look at russia from a different perspective or all countries for that matter . 
  russia de jure is a federation of states , kind of like us but it mostly in practice tries to act as much as possible as a single nation . 
  unlike the us , russia to this day is a lot more different , from religious muslims to european valued saint petersburg or the eastern regions of desolation . 
  so you might put `` western countries '' in comparison and ask how have they become so big or how has europe managed to more or less create their version of a vanilla federation in form of eu . 
  russia itself while displayed as a common entity is a lot different with plenty of `` subjugated '' and special law areas with their own presidents and leaders . 
  so they are kind of `` cheating '' in a way already . 
  this is in common with the uk . 
  they still more or less `` parade '' australia and canada as `` subjects of the uk '' but it is more of a traditional , friendly thing now . 
  so look at russia as a big company trying to mount a happy facade but in reality having to give special treatment to areas to keep it all running . 
  by name russia is big but as ussr showed it fractured and it might again as it is n't that united and the `` russia '' we see in media is mostly west of ural russia , and even these russians have a different opinion of how to be governed . 
  google up the picture of ussr and nazi german troops holding a march together after splitting poland , and show them this . 
  `` bla bla bla our reason to conquer territory was different and special pleading but when your guys fought under nazi germans then every last one of them was a war criminal '', 
  the only thing that i found interesting about their theories is what gas was used and about the bunkers being not airtight to distribute the gas , also the sheer lack of logic . 
  as a nazi or as ussr did with `` unwanted people '' , would n't you send them to workcamps to be worked to death by the system ? 
  ussr used some of these unwanted to front lines away from their home country so they would n't defect after some months/years in workcamps . 
  i mean logically it would be such a stupid operation and waste of resources . 
  do n't shoot me down yet , i do agree these camps obviously existed and jews ( and gays , communists , disabled ) also were being not really cared for in any way , experimented on , not kept healthy etc and when the front switched they started killing them as the front came closer . 
  simply i have not had any reasonable videos explaining away the amount that were actually gassed , burned whatever . 
  like i do understand making a certain element of a society so evil and using them basically as slaves but i out of those 6 million , how much died to to disease , slave work , ghetto shootings , logistical relocation , carelessness etc. 
  i have never seen a good `` full picture '' kind of documentary or article that explains that part of the operation as this subject has more or less been banned from discussion . 
  my own countrymen got dragged to siberia in cattle trains due to population control and a lot of them died on the trip to the new area just from heat , disease , miscare , overcrowding etc. 
  then from the initial need to build towns from the ground up and poor conditions in those areas and then over the years due to work . 
  so i can understand to the detail about how ussr partly used people as stock but i never really understood the full picture of actually how many did they gas for gassing sake , like even stalin understood `` bad people '' in his eyes can be used as basically robots to be worked to death , they only mostly killed for demonstration reasons or if the people were putting up a fight so it was easier to off them than risk keeping them . 
  i have always wanted a clear picture of how much of it is allied propaganda gone factual and how much of it is true but this subject is so touchy that ... yeah . 
  i do find ww2 interesting in every way though . 
  liked to research or wiki binge on stuff like ww2 gun development to reading individual diaries of famous battles and what their experience was . 
  so i like to go as deep as i can but this subject is really touchy . 
  oh i am familiar with russias `` that side '' of the media , rt has been fun to read and analyze how they twist the stories . 
  erna retk becoming a `` nazi special operations mission '' which you can totally see their line of thought but they conveniently forget to mention that it was done by estonian guys in finnish unfiroms having escaped to finland and trained by finnish with i believe some german training help from some officers .
