  then from 1991 they are using the problem they created to blame us on every step . 
  instead of helping to stabilize the biker russia is throwing sticks in the wheel spokes . 
  not often does a superstate collapse while having de-stabilized a former nation by bringing in foreign people . 
  there was no real right way or by-the-book way out of it . 
  we chose one way and so far it has been working . 
  the problem has diminished by 80 % . 
  again these people are no way oppressed besides losing the ability to vote for primaries . 
  even then they simply need to pass a fairly easy citizenship test and language test that should be quite common having lived in estonia all their life . 
  how on earth can you live in a nation most of your life and not know basic language of that nation ? 
  they have every ability to get either russian citizenship , estonian or any one they prefer . 
  they had a choice to get an ethnic passport from their country or do a test for estonian . 
  if they did n't choose they got the non-citizen passport . 
  the 46 000 is the annual sales and advertising revenue . 
  if you want the total number of newspapers on the market check the bottom list . 
  for 2013 it is 193 ( dailies ) +318 ( non-dailies ) . 
  so 511 total in circulation in 2013 according to that link . 
  they do n't have a table for total individual circulation as it is probably too hard to gather all the papers individual numbers they print . 
  nice to see mr.luik featured . 
  by trade an art critique and theatrical play writer , his a fairly well known and trusted prominent here in estonia . 
  he talks the talk and walks the walk . 
  well besides the obvious media mogul business that he has excelled at . 
  oh damn , you are right . 
  did n't actually know he had the same named father . 
  still the part about him being a positive prominent rings true . 
  i just mismatched his background . 
  well this has actually been a ruling theory here for quite some time , as it supports major developments . 
  the population group i 'm talking about are estonians , and i suppose finns too as they share the general ancient history . 
  we had multiple waves , 2 waves were the most important . 
  the initial population moved to live here as the continental ice backed away ( proven by early settlements +10,000 bc that have been dug up for example one near sindi that has been dated to around 11,000 bc near southern estonia ) . 
  then we had another major wave come in that actually , by most clues ( as the dates would n't add up ) changed the entire local language to the finno-ugric one we currently have . 
  it is still a mystery why a population would overtake a language but it happened . 
  that would coincide with the 7000 date . 
  it also seems logical that some waves were more major and if they traveled so far they would n't really stop and some parts would continue . 
  the 7,000 years seems to be a prominent date as it did have multiple bigger waves come in to create the last real gene mix-up . 
  it was big enough from the east to take over our language so probably a huge wave of people ( and again finns probably as finno-ugric is a `` younger language '' but people lived in finland before they came ) . 
  well mcdonalds is something we as a society should slowly change or root out . 
  there is nothing wrong with fast food per say but mcdonalds is the epitome of doing things wrong . 
  high salt , high sugar , high fat fast food with questionable meat processing and quality is something we should n't promote . 
  lots of other fast food chains that are , though also unhealthy , but no where near as what mcdonalds offers . 
  so for once at least a little heat is going in the right direction , although the intention was the old `` 2 flies with 1 swoop '' reasoning . 
  most of it done as a hidden counter sanction warning and some of it was for actual reasons of mcdonalds being a valid target for bad practices . 
  i am all for free choice but i appreciate some help from the government to help root out bad habits from society . 
  for example prioritizing greens over junk food accessibility in school , good thing . 
  taxing smoking and introducing harsh messages on packaging to discourage smoking . 
  banning smoking indoors . 
  again very good and has seen good statistics of less people smoking . 
  taxing alcohol to regulate it 's accessibility and enforcing a curfew . 
  you can only buy it at day time here , this encourages to people buy ahead and as you are n't usually drunk when making this decision most buy a reasonable amount . 
  also being visibly drunk in public places might get you in trouble . 
  i would say encouraging a more healthy non fast food lifestyle is another thing the government should tackle . 
  some already have by introducing a fat tax that i would n't agree to . 
  having stricter , more transparent overlook on how fast food is made should be a priority . 
  seeing as my original post has thus far gathered a -3 i would assume people do n't like to think that mcdonalds is `` unhealthy food '' although it is . 
  they could take a charter flight to warsaw , riga , vilnius , tallinn and bucharest and reach it under a day if they need to . 
  although it is n't a very pleasant time to send troops on their vacation as the high season of hot weather is at an end . 
  it is cheaper though so putin could probably send more troops on vacation as the rates are lower . 
  what is with the awesomely out of context , yet totally in context thumbnails . 
   i do n't think that should be the decision of the state or of a majority . 
  but it is n't actively banning it at all . 
  banning indoors is a great ban for example . 
  otherwise you had people pass on passive smoke that got inhaled by people who did n't smoke . 
  minority should n't actively affect the majority either . 
   also not really freedom , but oppression of minorities . 
  the state should inform in a neutral way about this dangers - and not engage in propaganda . 
  if somebody makes an informed decision to smoke or drink and says it worth the years he loses for that and the other risks - why oppress him with harsh messages or tax him in an unfair way1 , just to promote your moral ideal of a healthy and drug free society ? 
  minorities ? 
  what ? 
  but smoking is being affected in a neutral way . 
  the messages are shown on packages of what can happen . 
  you can still buy them as an adult . 
  it has been the smoke firms that try to market the bad stuff away and the government compensates by informing the people of what is inside the smoke , besides tobacco . 
  it 's not a `` do n't you dare smoke !, 
  '' , it is more of a `` well here are the reasons not told to you '' . 
  alcohol similar reasoning . 
  statistic campaigns and calls to cut down on drinking for health reasons is a good thing . 
  you can still drink as much as you want , it is just that the government again takes the role of a father figure giving you the results of excessive drinking . 
  we even had our own try at public drinking by allowing it on the streets . 
  enough people abused this and the ban is being once again in place as it affected fellow citizens . 
  promoting a over-drugged society ( based on medical studies ) should be what a government is out for . 
  i would like a government that cares for the people and guides them . 
  low level communism while high on capitalism , never banning something but encouraging a healthy life . 
  kind of like a model nordic country . 
   that 's your claim . 
  i only know studies in germany - the results are very different from study to study , but nearly all2 came to the result : fast food - incl . 
  mcdonalds is not more dangerous than many traditional foods . 
  i do n't see any problems ( but that it does n't taste that well for me ) with eating now and then there - as a small part of a balanced diet . ', 
  obviously that is my claim . 
  i am the one speaking . 
  who else 's point of view or claim would i represent ? 
  it goes without saying it is my claim . 
  redundant statement that people often make . 
  `` that is your opinion '' , `` those are your words '' , `` that is your subjective opinion '' - well obviously , i am not some omnipotent being . 
  mcdonalds food does not mold , one point . 
  mcdonalds meat is heavily processed . 
  mcdonalds is high on sodium , sugar , fat . 
  everything else is good , only if they were a little more transparent on what the hell do they actually put into the meat . 
  they use a lot of culinary cheap tricks of basically adding all the stuff that is bad to make the food tasty . 
  i am again not against mcdonalds , if you eat once a month , heck some might get away with once a week it wo n't affect you that badly . 
  it is however a bad habit no person should get used to . 
  that is the problem we should educate people on .
