  a mild fascist movement was sweeping the country started by old veterans of estonian independence war . 
  he put a stop to this , undemocratically but still , he saw it as a danger . 
  only problem his martial law never did stop and he kept the power . 
  as far as i remember at the end he did give up some power and was elected again . 
  he was also the guy to obviously sign the base agreement that more or less can be seen as the beginning of the first soviet occupation where there were more gun wielding soviets than estonians in estonia . 
  what i find more ironic is the actual paragraph he was sentenced for . 
  `` counter-revolutionary sabotage and anti-soviet and counter-revolutionary propaganda and agitation '', 
  russia is still using the same rhetoric . 
  we are protecting against propaganda !, 
  but there is somewhat of an ability to play without knowing everything . 
  played hoi4 , had fun , had no idea what 50-75 % of the stuff was or if i even understood it what it actually did . 
  slowly i was like `` i wonder what this really does and googled it , understood '' and after like 3-4 campaigns i can probably say i understand the basics from squad composition to macro management . 
  the learning experience is kind of fun on its own for paradox games but you can still have fun just ` taking over countries ' and seeing stuff happen in the ww2 era world . 
  finally something relevant that is actually relevant . 
  over the years i have started to hate people who think its easier to explain a spot . 
  its almost if they want to make smalltalk by explaining . 
  i find amazing is that the exact `` i have g maps , i can look it up '' is like silence to them and they keep explaining and explaining . 
  well as a kid when my family got a steady internet for the first time . 
  i still kind of remember that feeling . 
  the starting page loaded up and i went `` oh my god , i have access to billions of sites and i can do everything now ! '', 
  kind of awe as i watched the screen . 
  jello comrad , u com in right place !, 
  head iist of tallin , you see gopniks and strong russian tower buildings of concrete you com to right area !, 
  sit on bench of busstop with legs on bench ofcors like chiken !, 
  u slavsquat there and iit semutski !, 
  u can also take siti bass and iit semuscki on bus !, 
  this was supposed to be a joke thread right ? 
  you do realize that 5 billion as `` ukraine overthrow government money '' is more or less a myth . 
  these are some facts :, 
  - that 5 billion was given since ussr fell so start from 1991 and go some decades forward and divide it through the region of ukraine as a reestablishment fund . 
  lets say about 23 years divided by 5 billion , would mean 217 million a year or about 18 million a month . 
  in contrast lets look at what west germany spent to re-establish east-germany . 
  by some random document i pulled up west germany had spent about 45 billion to bring east german regions back , including payments to even build housing in russia to leaving soviet troops ... listen to this ... by 1989 to 1992 . 
  so in 3 years . 
  reading forward i find that all kinds of aid came into the soviets , mostly russian region . 
  european community ( ec ) sent about 260 million worth of medicine and food aid to moscow and st. petersburg in one meeting alone . 
  - that support money is n't in any form or shape , a secret , it has been logged in international support and it was talked about in an official us speech event ... 
  - that kind of support did n't just go to ukraine , it also went to russia itself as they also needed support after ussr fell to re-establish their functionality, 
  - and not only russia , ukraine the whole of eastern europe received funding from 1991 and onward , some more , some less . 
  it 's kind of a us thing to buy friends this way but they do it globally . 
  also other countries chipped in . 
  so stop spreading this lie as this 5 billion was some ultra secret thing and it all went to buy guns to maidan pro-us people . 
  even if they did do it , it is n't in style of us to simply say it out loud , that would be too stupid even for american standards . 
  we know they operate a little more secretly as was the toppling of south american governments . 
  so stop using that 5 billion figure , it 's just ... dumb and can be pushed down with a simple google search . 
  sinu n\u00e4ide oleks just l\u00f5het l\u00f6\u00f6v , `` east ukrainians , we are mostly russian '' vms . 
  oh wow , i thought i was alone with dag\u00f6 . 
  great zen , relaxation music . 
  it 's like asmr videos but with sound . 
  does help to know estonian but truth be told , the lyrics are usually so meta it 's even hard to find a common meaning if you understand . 
  imho most original and creative beats/backdrop from song to song and saatpalus voice is again , basically estonian movie voice guy . 
  karums is life , karums is love . 
  i ate karums for like the first 7-10 years of my life as a morning treat going to school and bath and stuff . 
  i still remember i went for gay option in da :1 just to see if they really put stuff like this in games in that day . 
  then i felt awkward playing a gay hero and restarted . 
  that day i learned i was a little sexist or whatever the term is . 
  but the feminists told me these kind of body forms are unrealistic in real life . 
  i 'm thin for this actual reason . 
  although i 'm even more ... lazy i guess . 
  for me it is n't `` hard to eat everything in sight '' but it 's `` hard to make or bring in food even before the eating part '' . 
  so i usually skip a lunch and did n't really develop a big hunger mechanism . 
  i usually get light headed or a slight headache before it registers to me that `` oh , maybe i should try eating '' . 
  they should so somekind of `` double sworded '' idea like go into hitlers house but half the ticket price will fund `` lgbt , disabled , roma and jewish '' people . 
  something that sort . 
  not that `` obvious '' but in the general sense . 
  profit out of the neo-nazi people who use it as pilgrimage and construct somekind of semi fence around it . 
  uhh i would just like to fix your comment to fallout 4 . 
  fallout did n't need to borrow much , mostly it did borrow from mad max movies and the game wasteland . 
  the design is really cool though , retro futurism is a cool genre . 
  familiar and old yet futuristic . 
  that thing above your head is an energy bar ? 
  mine only shows healthpoints . 
  the most recent one i can remember was one guy saying `` i have a tablet that has ( superior/better ) laptop hardware built in '' . 
  his justification was , when people disagreed , that `` well i have a connectable keyboard mount so it is actually a laptop '' . 
  this is how the media works though . 
  data mine quotes and then take it out of context . 
  you basically did the research for some radical site to justify a war against lewis . 
  i personally love how much enjoyment tom is getting out of someone facepalming , like he became the emperor and enjoys the evil flowing in that very room . 
  so the first irl mmorpg ? 
  i was about to say that ... is it ? 
  or is it some look alike ? 
  the whole bit on hitler ... i do n't remember when i last laughed out loud alone on a video ... this was definitely one of those . 
  fact - last time estonia went the neutral way we got invaded by su troops . 
  this caused a ~ 70 year period of being a fringe area for a superpower . 
  another fact - russia has about 100,000 troops in the baltic region ( western military district , kaliningrad etc ), 
  800 troops from uk and russian press is churning it out , why ? 
  well obviously it is n't the numbers . 
  its the idea behind it . 
  suddenly russia lost some of its powerplay ability . 
  no longer is it estonia they could write in press or `` within a day to tallinn '' . 
  now they have to write that they have to pass uk , us , danish , french and other troops . 
  a much weaker message . 
  so i am all for going against russian bs . 
  bring in the foreign troops and know that something is going on if the opposition is making note of it . 
  a few battalions is perfect , not enough to be called a realistic build-up but enough to have a political message . 
  hur dur durr to you . 
  read my op again . 
  in no where did i state that i or anyone should be afraid of war . 
  a message , these are the words i used . 
  political message and `` a message '' .
