  i read some comment , maybe even on reddit that some guy had stress related shaking after playing the game with vr . 
  he obviously found it amazing that a game could do it and that he body involuntarily shook after - so if you are into this shit , it should be fun . 
  i have only tried mobile vr scary games and the effect and surround sound with earphones is quite awesome , makes me wish i had ps4 , nevermind with vr . 
  of what war are you talking about ? 
  i am pretty sure soviet union fought in the war since 1939 when they co-invaded poland . 
  polish soldiers died , soviet soldiers died , katyn executions of polish officers happened . 
  soviet union gained land . 
  then in 1939 winter war happened , soviets attacked finland , about 100,000 locals displaced , many victims on both sides . 
  soviets had a bombing run on helsinki in the first 3 hours of the war . 
  in the end soviet union gained land . 
  then in 1939 soviet union annexed estonia , latvia , lithuania , same story of execution of the local miltiary leaders and political leaders and control of the area and states . 
  so your story of this `` defending homeland for 4 years '' is kind of a half truth . 
  yeah really badly worded headline . 
  i knew this news and reading the above sentence made me question if it really is the same news . 
  30 days to defeat isis is a little fast . 
  that is why some countries opt for parliamentary republics . 
  let multiple people share the load , also let those people who share the load elect their own lead . 
  us is still electing by the lowest denominator `` we gunna gib jobs and kill isis !, 
  put hillary in jail !!!, 
  grab pussies ! '', 
  made people vote for him ... i mean come on . 
  maybe raise the election age to 30 years and start bringing it down each year after that if the result is ... very close . 
  i have secret cia-fbi footage that is great , it is the best footage , no one has better footage . 
  it is of trumps secret plan , it 's of a training video on how trump is training us troops to defeat isis - here it is , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lr9146vzvq, 
  what kind of heteronormative world do we live in ? 
  maybe that seal identifies as a king penguin . 
  or are you saying seals ca n't be kings and have to live under penguins ? ^ / s, 
  to be honest this is probably the first resident evil ` ish moment in the game . 
  resident evil is half horror scenario , half stupidly awesome stuff . 
  they like ran dry on using horror tropes so they started inventing cool set pieces . 
  i am so glad they put this scene in the game , its so stupid yet awesome . 
  how does the british press not know who simon is ... i mean it 's simon come on !, 
  he is a famous actor slash celebrity slash mlg star slash thinker slash voice actor slash model slash dwarven rights activist . 
  it was the same principle . 
  mass effect had more room for the script as it was more `` on rails '' and there was more action going on , it was much easier to write for . 
  fallout dialogue was a huge part of the original game , talking about 1-2 . 
  fallout 3 kind of willy nilly kept it in but it was already lost , new vegas had it in . 
  fallout 4 faked it , skill check dialogue was built differently and most choices were `` yes '' `` no but kind of yes '' `` sarcastic yes '' etc. 
  so fallout 4 tried to go for that me feeling but while the system is imho good they lost the soul of fallout dialogue by going `` cinematic '' . 
  women have natural advantages but males can achieve quite a good level , arguably with their better strength advance quicker . 
  just do stretching , some yoga with body weight exercises . 
  you can try regular milestones , putting legs behind your neck , touching toes , hands connecting behind back etc. 
  oooh i actually have a story about my own countries history for once !, 
  after dutch got hold of the current estonian lands they started raising taxes to get some profit coming in . 
  estonians rebelled and it spread all over the lands to the point the local dutch , germans , livonian order settled on a truce and met with the 4 rebellion leaders , so called 4 kings of estonia . 
  by chronicle records estonian 4 kings offered to become vassals but were asked why they had to kill so many , even 28 monks ( all in all about 2000 nobles and their servants in 2 bigger counties afaik ) . 
  the reply they got was that every german even if only 2 feet tall deserves to be put down . 
  this caused an outrage and the 4 kings were more or less denied the honor code of free passage and were to be kept in the castle . 
  obviously this was n't to the liking of the estonians and a skirmish started that ended in the 4 kings and their entourage slaughtered in the castle . 
  the teutonic chronicle blamed the estonian kings for this , saying a estonian provoked this by trying to kill the vogt of j\u00e4rva . 
  so basically some game of thrones episode , i am pretty sure this was something that happened now and again in all over medieval times . 
  invite opposing party over , slaughter their leaders , win war . 
  art of war also thought the same principle from the other side . 
  never surround your enemy , leave an obvious though costly path to escape , so the enemy being almost surrounded would always have the option to use that path . 
  did n't expect this kind of content ... you have more for ... research ? 
  how did you cosplay the muscles ? 
  `` i am 33 years old ! '', 
  prob doing to trigger people , more so feminists . 
  he has debated a lot against so called `` cis have privilege '' types so he probably did this partly so he can bring it up in speeches . 
  the best thing about die antwood for me is the voice of yolandi , there is a certain tone that she manages to hit that really has an appeal . 
  she is so close to having an annoyingly high voice that screeches your brain but for some reason she manages to keep it on tone and does n't quite reach that level so that makes it sound really nice , at least for me . 
  also the verse in fatty boom boom, 
  `` baka baka, 
  yippie-ki-yay motherfucker ! '', 
  is one of my favorite lines from any song , more so the delivery , makes it almost comedic . 
  holy hell , that was an experience . 
  she is like half shaman , half pop artist . 
  digging her very much , thanks for the suggest . 
  this !, 
  one of our banks even designed an even easier app for small transaction , eg . 
  friend bought you a beer and you want to pay him back or yourself send him a fast nudge of `` plz give your share '' . 
  basically a 2-3 button push fast invoice that you can ok with 1 pin limited to small total amounts but still , this is what banking should be , fast click click transactions and the ability to monitor your account if something goes awry ( 99,9 % it wo n't ) . 
  kind of like banking done as messaging . 
  if people today are tech savvy i think we can get away with a more easier system , less controls and more simplified interactions to save time , costs . 
  i do n't understand how ben is still unknown . 
  he has been in videos , sometimes on camera , for like a year now or am i missing something . 
  i have played it kind of and even i got confused , it is a lets play video and talking too much about it does n't really help . 
  taking the whole series as a `` tutorial run '' is probably easiest . 
  basically its civilization + boatloads of more micromanagement and a more fleshed out economy system . 
  there was a remake of the game recently , i think it was even bundled at one point that was this game but with 21st century graphics . 
  might want to try it if you lack in the tbs + boardgame genre . 
  future of all prog ... i mean apps . 
  windows 14, 
  like oooh emm gee :( :( , the app crashed : ( : ( so soz . 
  please report this , ill fix it . 
  `` ohh xoxoxo , you want uninstall ? 
  : ( : ( lol :p '', 
  '' : ) ( yes ) '' '' :( ( no ) '', 
  how many lets plays have you watched to see how your game works and what the public comments ? 
  have you seen the yogscast play it ? 
  uh most of them ? 
  it industry, 
  politicians, 
  ca n't think of more jobs at the moment, 
  in what version can i jump through the portal ? 
  ... the hell ... kalast riisist kopp ees ? 
  1850 $ is quite decent imho , not for it perhaps but in general . 
  2 people can live off of it if they somewhat budget . 
  consider that you can more or less live off of ~ 1000 $ alone . 
  - ~ 300-400 $ rent,
