  but brokraine all like , naw man , not cool . 
  i see western media a little more grounded . 
  biased sure but this issue is n't directly related to them . 
  ukraine is ukraine . 
  russia is russia . 
  the initial conflict came from a trade agreement with eu and that the president did n't swing that way . 
  that is where the eu side ended with its side of the story . 
  russia has direct interests in ukraine for obvious reasons . 
  from eu side ukraine coming or not coming to eu is not of 100 % importance . 
  dealing with bankrupt states and other problems is an issue . 
  russian media is taking this as a direct attack somehow on russia/ukraine based on not so direct evidence while west is mostly divided on the issue in terms of how to react themselves . 
  russia did bring in troops to another countries territory ( well they had bases there but bringing troops with loaded magazines on the streets is n't exactly what was allowed for russia now was it ? ) . 
  so see however you want russia did invade another countries territory . 
  also as simon reported doing a referendum in 2 weeks that would change everything is n't exactly a normal thing to do . 
  i had a scroll through that pdf . 
  a lot of great information . 
  one thing i noticed that might spark an interest here is this question :, 
  `` on average , how many times per week do you use internet ? '', 
  2009 - 16 % every day 22 % in-between 57 % never, 
  2013 - 19 % every day 40 % in-between 40 % never, 
  ( * just a note , the question was a little more precise , i added up some percentages ), 
  so a large part of the population get their news from the local newspapers and among themselves . 
  a considerable part do n't go online that often . 
  oh gawd , no wonder they might not see the full picture of what is going on , only what they are told . 
  another question asked for a persons ethnicity . 
  no year is specified . 
  15 % said crimean tatar , 6 % other , 20 % ukranian , 59 % russian . 
  language spoken at home, 
  rest is a mix of other , ukrainian , russian . 
  all bro talk aside . 
  a generation of broskies , some % will rule us one day . 
  oh god . 
  i bet the armies will all be in gyms , tanks will have neon lights and helmets will be worn sideways so it looks more cool . 
  most strategical resources will be beaches . 
  my story does n't lack any material . 
  i was n't out to write an essay . 
  geopolitical perspective of western powers and your homage to `` fuck the eu '' call . 
  nice . 
  tell me , what is the geopolitical perspective of the western powers ? 
  five billion dollars to maidan front groups . 
  i thought the 5 billion was an overall investment by us since ukraine gaining re-independence ? 
  how is it that all of the 5 billion suddenly directly went to maidan front groups ? 
  how is the government fascist ? 
  the cabinet has 4 svoboda members out of 20 . 
  the current prime minister if i remember right is a jew . 
  svoboda itself is a vanilla neo-nazi group by now since they noticed they were n't getting enough support on the political sphere and reformed a decade ago . 
  besides calling the whole new government or any government in a modern era fascist is quite a slur on its own . 
  do you even know what fascism is ? 
  so who did the blue color on the map support ? 
  i would see a scenario of bluff to a certain stage . 
  barricade the eastern border and start a game of texas hold-em is what it seems like . 
  see how much can you push russia back . 
  they already went the road of calling to veto the vote that some ukrainian and tatars did . 
  most of the world has so far been against crimea joining russia than for it . 
  they still have a pretty good hand and they ca n't fold just yet . 
  svoboda party has also done the same shift . 
  went from neo-nazi extreme right to cutting most ties with neo-nazism and went center to get more votes . 
  at least that is what articles i can find online report on . 
  ok lets start from the beginning alright . 
  when humans developed written language we could write down our speech and agree upon words . 
  words have meaning behind them . 
  instead of describing a thing made out of wood , standing on 4 pegs with a wide surface area to put thing on , we call it a wooden table . 
  fascism has a meaning behind it . 
  look up the word fascism . 
  neo-nazism has a meaning behind it . 
  look up the word neo-nazism . 
  rogozin according to your story went from a soviet sympathizer left-wing party to center . 
  svoboda went from neo-nazi sympathizer right-wing party to center . 
  by same shift i mea n't both went centrist direction . 
  svoboda before having neo-nazi views on party management had according to wikipedia around or less than 1000 members . 
  after the reforms they reported themselves ( according to wikipedia again ) a membership of 15,000 . 
  this is backed up by them getting more seats in the government in 2011 and even more in 2012 . 
  now explain to me how is this group a fascist gang . 
  also is the party fatherland in your eyes fascist ? 
  i 'm at a crossroad here . 
  rt is n't a blatant skewed channel . 
  i would equate it to fox news . 
  as for taking sides against putin and his rhetoric of trying to redraw europe i can agree upon . 
  putin brought war in terms of annexing countries . 
  before we had new republics emerge . 
  now we have land from one country go to another . 
  so for that i would probably take any resource possible , companies helping would tip the scale of eu basically unable to to form meaningful sanctions as they are too deep into russia in terms of economy . 
  as some have talked liquid gas and other forms of gas are too expensive and not developed technologies - yet . 
  eu can cut off all trade but it would mean a slump in economy for eu side . 
  russia is basically being a bully in europe . 
  putin knows eu does n't want to fall economically and the man to dare 19th century land grabs . 
  my own theory is that putin basically planned this for a little longer . 
  maybe not in such detail or accuracy in these events happening but in general . 
  he probably has a small wish to be remembered as a powerful and good leader for his people , well who has n't but putin focused on it . 
  from the start he has been the guy to make changes , arresting local business leaders who oppose him with power , taking more media under him , this annexation , also probably a voting system to keep his opposition in check . 
  he is a `` russian leader '' with extra ambition and that makes him a loose particle . 
  all good for russians but for the better good of eu he does n't exactly stabilize the region . 
  he is willing to risk it . 
  oh god . 
  i was visiting my mother at her work while putin spoke . 
  she was quite agitated half-jokingly saying `` now putin will come for us '' so this event is having some effect on even on people outside ukraine but who remember the time under the su . 
  if brotherly nations and their own army just mere hours ago is getting shot at then i have nothing to say . 
  welcome to russia indeed !, 
  the state of glorious non-corruption and where every other country is evil , zionst , corrupt and 100 % against russia . 
  nato is still here because when de-jure laws and documents fails the de-facto force comes in to enforce .
