  as punk is punk it carries the notion of little to none musical training so bands carry on `` raw expression '' rather than finesse . 
  kind of an alternative jazz/blues . 
  that part of europe who voted did n't get that message . 
  punk as a genre can give us wonderfully deep music and artists that get famous for their `` vision '' and then technical/vocal skill follows through practice . 
  i do think these guys got enough fame to last them a lifetime so they can be happy with the media coverage of them . 
  as for ballads , yeah . 
  i still ca n't understand why people vote for them . 
  eurovision should start doing `` themes '' or something for each year . 
  obviously ukraine with us money bought the 6 million russian drone just to fly it and shot it down . 
  wait f , i 'm starting to believe my own bs . 
  well gee whiz mister , thanks !, 
  if we choose some rules ( 60 % gdp ) to follow and some ( guaranteed borders of ukraine ) not to , i do n't even know what to say . 
  to actually be happy that russia follows some laws or angry that they are picking and choosing stuff . 
  take it as an interactive guidebook to when shiat hits the fans/atmosphere . 
  teens/children sometimes have a problem at grasping a situation time wise . 
  like they know they are young and maybe there is a loophole and it wo n't really happen that i have to stay at jail for this and this and this . 
  it 's not even always teens/children . 
  people in general only sometimes grasp a situation once they have suffered the results for a time . 
  the difference of theory and practice . 
  i have seen brands trying to copy coca cola style in general stores . 
  not as close as this one but still . 
  we all have probably seen `` adibas '' in some shady store . 
  technically you are not seeing yourself even with a camera . 
  but a 99,99 % accurate representation of yourself transformed into pixels to represent those colors that form that image . 
  depending on the camera , lens , settings etc the image changes somewhat . 
  before cameras the answer would of been a `` realistic paining of yourself eyes closed '' as a realistic painting , just as a camera , can be accurate enough . 
  also somewhat of a loophole would be identical twins . 
  `` i mean , you got a mother . 
  sarge 's got a mother . 
  i mean , shit , i bet even the captain 's got a mother . '', 
  well then , not the first time estonia has had german boots on ground to deter our neighbor from the east . 
  much friendlier circumstances though this time from the german side . 
  also a much milder eastern neighbor , showing teeth as they may . 
  what ? 
  history is history . 
  its not like we invited them the first time around . 
  we were busy getting occupied by the reds . 
  actually the correct historical picture is that there were all kind of sides . 
  1 ) those who kept living under any regime, 
  2 ) those for independent estonia/neutrality, 
  3 ) communist minded, 
  5 ) those who escaped from the impending war ( s ) / regimes as refugees, 
  6 ) resistance movement who went into the woods, 
  7 ) those who escaped to for example finland and fought for estonia from there, 
  during 1939-1941 ww2 was heating up . 
  estonia got annexed thanks to the `` bases agreement '' . 
  1941 germany came to repel the red army ( in terms of estonian point of view ) . 
  at that time it was hinted but it was n't really widely known what germany was all about . 
  it was pretty equal in terms of recruits , if i remember correctly more estonians volunteered into german army but that was out of revenge for losing the country . 
  ( also germans were smart enough not to push their own regime on estonia as soviets did ), 
  estonians were also seemingly angry at our own government because our top politicians simply hoped for the best and did n't mobilize our army . 
  once it was clear what the soviet intention was when they suddenly started demanding that `` every estonian and army personnel who has a gun to surrender them '' , it was a little too late to act as soviets had enough forces in . 
  so a whole big mess first of all . 
  obviously , somewhat like finland , we were quite pissed off at su for backstabbing and annexing us . 
  so we would take any military help we could after missing our own chance . 
  be it german arms and fighting against soviets for revenge . 
  we would of liked to first of all remain neutral but soviets basically started deporting and killing our own kind ( top layer and important people mostly , those who might organize resistance ) . 
  so its kind of strange to get people to fight against nazis by invading countries . 
  does n't work like that . 
  i had a similar experience when i had gum pain and basically moaned from the pain . 
  the cat who usually is in solitude became confused and started comforting me as a `` fellow animal '' . 
  he stopped whatever his daily cat activity was , came to my side , purred , rubbed against me and basically tried to make me stop being as i was . 
  usually if cats do n't like something they simply become aggressive and annoyed striking at you but this behavior was so foreign that i picked up on it . 
  he tried with `` all his good '' to somehow calm me down . 
  obviously they got lost while trying to go to the `` new license plate '' shop . 
  the dog obviously had heard the hype about witcher iii and `` played '' in his own way . 
  best game to chew on since 2014 , 10/10, 
  edit : upping see original goldenrati comment \u00fcles . 
  so his the russian tom clancy ? 
  predicting believable events as they happen . 
  i do find the `` backed by western intelligence to rile people up '' explanation always lacking . 
  you ca n't just come into a country and only purely on money recruit so many . 
  there has to be a serious inner will already there . 
  you still need to get the local , average people to go against their government . 
  you probably are not going to pay such people as the ones getting payed are `` middle men '' who instigate right ? 
  so the will to go against their own government has to be there if such a large scale protest can take place . 
  communists for example tried this many times from baltics to germany . 
  they sent their agents , recruits locals who were communist minded and tried to form a coup . 
  usually there were enough people to go against them who were n't communist minded . 
  russia itself actually is a great example , what if the red revolution against the tsar was a `` maidan '' ? 
  maybe us sent 10 billion and recruited everyone of them including stalin . 
  seemingly these kind of theories prevail at least in russian media . 
  i am sure west meddled in this in some way ( as did russia ) before the maidan kicked off but for russians to claim that west is the actual reason and not some of the ukrainian people ... 
  i think putin is simply trying to go down in history while he can . 
  he has a very clear vision of future russia and thanks to his support he can make it happen . 
  basically a logical step on his part of trying to boost their military not for fighting ( well a little fighting as in ukraine ) but for two key benefits . 
  firstly building a strong national identity that was lacking after 1991 , we defeated the nazis , we have the best technology , we can headbutt with anyone , our military is respected and our nation is safe for that - that kind of mentality . 
  second important thing i think putin is trying to do , based on his many quotes , boost military sector development and production to keep their spot as # 2 arms sellers in the world . 
  they probably want to reach # 1 . 
  also again boosts russias image to the world . 
  60 % ( give or take ) of russian income is on oil or gas . 
  so they need a good major industry and what better way to earn than a highly developed military that would double as a great way to keep a nation strong . 
  so i would say putin is trying to prepare a new direction for russia once the gas or oil industry is n't enough . 
  russia currently has the most money it ever had and putin is perhaps in his last golden days being 62 already . 
  i actually did a perfect landing from high up recently . 
  landed on feet , let myself loose , fell on my back . 
  thought that i fkin aced it . 
  walked until the end of the day . 
  that night one of my feet swelled up , could n't step on either of the feet , one elbow had a deeper cut than i thought and next day my leg was put in a cast . 
  did n't ace it , am human like everyone .
