  do n't get discouraged . 
  as an immigrant i expect you to enjoy our strange culture of russian/soviet influence mixed with our own baltic/finnic influence with an added european influence . 
  well you already got that in latvia though so ours is a little more `` finnish '' in terms of society . 
  latvians are often the `` hot blooded '' neighbors in our eyes . 
  as many already said , living costs are separate to rent 99 % of the time . 
  i do n't know if the expression `` a fool will get beat up even in church '' is well known in other countries but it does hold water . 
  common sense will keep you safe in all areas and there are n't any `` no go '' zones . 
  5 . http://www.meis.ee/applying-for-citizenship-as-an-adult well seemingly it is quite hard ... as i hastly read it you need to live here for 8 years . 
  i wholeheartedly encourage you to check out your second hand scene . 
  for regular jeans/pants and shirts its a great place to find gems for cheap prices . 
  its kind of a hobby of mine now to go in now and again to see if i discover something awesome from there as i have plenty of cool looking slim jeans of all colors , sweaters and regular shirts , and plenty of other clothing items i picked up here and again . 
  best part is you can combine stuff so well as they are cheap and if you get bored of them you can give them back to the same stores or simply throw them away . 
  they were cheap to begin with so you do n't have that `` i must wear this 30 years to make up for the prices '' mentality . 
  also as they are actually all brands brought together in most such stores you have an amazing variety of styles and you will notice stuff you will like better . 
  i still buy from regular stores items that are n't available and i really need but usually after 1 year you will start seeing items popping up . 
  this is for casual/semi casual clothing and semi formal . 
  uhm ... seriously ? 
  the problem with your comment is that 99-95 % of the content is non sexual . 
  then when that 5 % gets upvoted suddenly `` oh the humanity '' uproar . 
  if geralt gets upvoted for his manliness no one bats an eye . 
  people of opposite sex find the opposite sex ( and for some same sex ) attractive digitally rendered or not . 
  its just laras butt and some men ( and some girls ) are into butts ... its just butt stuff . 
  lara has more personality and demeanor because gaming has developed , not because `` oh too much sexy lara '' . 
  same way mario has more depth and personality from the days of his 8 bit graphics . 
  i do n't think guys who like digital lara for her looks are pathetic idiots ... you do n't have the right for others opinions on what they like or not , sexual or non sexual . 
  not just estonia , lithuania , latvia and poland . 
  still a current issue , the population of crimean tatars , a huge chunk of them were resettled by orders of stalin , as they fought the russians . 
  also more or less the entire population of todays kaliningrad was resettled . 
  i always wondered how russians teach history there . 
  `` we then conquered the land , told the local germans to move out and now enjoy all the historic architecture they had built '' . 
  late 20th century ( i believe ) the human rights groups ruled such actions as forced deportation of such large chunks of one areas population a crime against humanity . 
  who cares about the collision , i would have good tasting coffee to drink . 
  he looks quite good considering he died in september of 1955, 
  multifunktionaalne , traditiooniline + newage . 
  i do n't think you are the only one but i do think you are in the minority . 
  2 years is a long time . 
  i think it 's absurd to want a slower development time for a game . 
  its blizzard , come on - they wo n't drop on quality that much . 
  i welcome our new constantly changing hs and i would say it will decrease development time as they have less cards to balance out . 
  new things are always frighting but wishing for a longer grace period is not the way to go . 
  in 4 years i will perhaps be over hs , at least i can fathom playing for 2 years and get in 2 cycles . 
  you fascist alien scum !, 
  u bow over to ufo petro alien dollar and alien obummer !, 
  this !, 
  i was like the f. ... it 's command and conquer . 
  even if you did n't play that specific game the engine was used for many iterations so just the general look and interface could of been something you recognized . 
  edit : btw the inbetween videos became legendary , the akwardness/cringe , stereotypes and the excellent b-movie acting for some reason made the videos really freaking great to watch . 
  the hell ... all those pants look so uncomfortably tight and to think some people call others up on todays skinnies . 
  not only hitler . 
  stalin on the other side perhaps was even more famous and adamant at such tasks . 
  for one he went through , well his subordinates , went through the trouble of editing out people from pictures after stalin offed them in some way . 
  like real life photoshop on real life pictures , only you had to manually switch pictures in offices where they were hanged with new versions . 
  uhmm ... is n't cs : go like every cs ever ? 
  i mean it is camper friendly but it has a really clear way to `` break '' campers with nades or you simply do the classical `` peek-a-boo '' and hope he does n't awp you . 
  you have very specific spots people camp to lock down areas . 
  the more you play the more you will think about this meta `` chess game '' in your head judging in what areas fights are going on and what areas are probably safe to rush without the fear of a camping awp . 
  i do find the dynamic of quick rushes with nades vs occasional area lockdowns by campers a good balance and pace . 
  newer cod like shooters are basically the modern `` quake '' of fast paced twitch action . 
  while cs is also somewhat this it allows you to feel safe at certain areas knowing no one will be behind you . 
  also beside some specific games like swat or r6 , cs is suprisingly tactical . 
  people lay down surpressing fire , for example if someone throws down a smoke nade and then use blind fire to predict enemy movement . 
  people make fake attacks by throwing nades and then quickly going for another exit . 
  players choose their firepaths and move carefully into areas and map control is actually an important thing as trapping enemies in certain areas means you can sometimes flank them from other paths . 
  the beauty of risk vs reward . 
  when giving you one life every action in that rounds makes it that much important . 
  sometimes you get frustrated that you got shot as the round started but sometimes you have awesome moments being the last guy alive , all teammates eyes on you , and you absolutely own the round . 
  i think we have two very similar terms we need to define . 
  `` school shooting '' as in the place a shooting took place is a school and a more mainstream idea of a `` school shooting '' of someone going for a gun having worked/studied there and ` solving ' their problem by shooting the place up . 
  a similar situation would be if someone shot up a office . 
  its pretty different it that person simply chose that place at random or the shooter was someone working in that building . 
  different motived massacres , one is a type of revenge killing and one is usually for different reasons . 
  the frequency of one or the either is important as if the latter one is more prominent then something is wrong , as people are setting a trend . 
  the former one is just `` usual crime '' , meaning bad people do bad stuff but if office or school people see shooting as an outlet then there is a whole new subgroup we need to fix fast . 
  thanks ... 
  i need to kill at least 5 kittens now to get my manliness back . 
  i bet it was the same twat iceberg that sunk titanic . 
  i was picturing sjin as doing a parody of this pimp :, 
  i said that there are vr sets made of cheap materials that give 80 % of the experience . 
  i did n't think it was so bad but the community disagrees . 
  i do n't understand ,, 
  why dont they just all team up against lewis !, 
  as much as i can datamine its simply a facebook page to gather people . 
  we have ukrainians in estonia and we also have people who are anti-kremlin so ... 
  they seem to also go for the `` get out of my country immigrant '' hatespeech kind of deal judging by the shirts their . . selling i guess . 
  one is basically saying that blacks belong in africa . 
  `` regular '' freedom of speech type of facebook group i guess , if they get bigger media will catch on and then i would see them getting some resolution . 
  but as the common street law is if it goes unnoticed you are n't breaking any laws . 
  maybe paul is a friend of dorothy . 
  omg , we get stream schedules even if it is n't a charity event ? 
  that 's how you keep your apm up, 
  well i would think we are n't that different but then again i have quite little idea how things go on in mexico . 
  most younger , middle aged people have mobiles with 4g and the most used apps probably are banking and mobile parking that are kind of tied with x-road/id . 
  the rest are currently `` one off '' applications as tax payments , military service , doctors/pharmacy stuff , driving license stuff , car registering , house registering etc etc so basically `` boring government stuff '' but instead of waiting in the office you go online and give your signature there . 
  the big thing that should work is that the government has a lot of info on you but if some person wants to access your information you will get a `` this guy accessed your page '' message . 
  i have heard that most common is if some police officer checks your information his or her name is displayed and you knew something might be up . 
  those stuff you listed are probably accessed through the same service from the governmental side whoever has access . 
  its dangerous only because its so easy for the government to display it all fast , other times they would have to search for records in real archives . 
  i think part of the charm to more or less trust our government is that we are small , with a pop of 1.3 million its hard to be that corrupt . 
  its not like politicians are buildings lavish villas with expensive luxury cars . 
  our 4th column in form of media does plenty of `` who uses governmental money for this or that '' lists .
