  obviously there is a difference between battle tanks ( i doubt they would even get these but who knows ) and some mass produced battle rifle . 
  they were liberating everyone from nazis until 1991 . 
  they passed ukraine with such speed that they probably missed entire columns and army groups of nazis on their way to berlin seeing how they are still there . 
  that baltic comment is pretty humorous actually . 
  well the part about us being masochists , not the cleansing part . 
  edit : he basically seems to hate everyone o_o , russian constitution , ex-president , poles , pushkin , baltic nations , gays , jews and the list probably goes on . 
  this could be one of ` those ' yogscast episodes that people might come back to . 
  it had it all . 
  rambling , great phuns , impersonations , 2-girls-1-cup segment . 
  even threw in a vag joke at the end . 
  what more could a hungry yoghnaut need ? 
  this video hit to the feels the most . 
  probably because the overall damage done was n't that obvious at first . 
  like these people were calm and collected and the girl asked for the water to be brought in so in your mind , you would think that some of the house was at least ok . 
  then you start seeing how all the tile work in the front is destroyed , hear that they had the rest of the yard bombed to bits and finally see their entire house burned down with holes in them . 
  it is n't even a separatist thing as ua army does the very same , if there are combatants nearby they also shell the area . 
  this time it was the ua tank getting shelled . 
  at times like these i would guess the thought of remaining in the house while the bombs fell would of been even worse . 
  at least he is n't a randomly bashing person . 
  he actually kind of explains his reasoning . 
  i 'll give him that . 
  it 's like instead of someone yelling `` faschist !, 
  nazi ! '', 
  you get a somewhat reasonable explanation why he thinks that way to go along with it . 
  makes me go `` ahh , this is new and interesting . '', 
  he also seemingly is n't a russia worshiper as it seemed beforehand , as he has many doubts on russian way of politics , that 's also quite interesting actually . 
  i am pretty sure he knows that we did n't look for any fights . 
  he simply seems to be amazed how in russian point of view the ` issue ' with the baltic nations is still something of a problem . 
  i mean russia did have a pretty long reign on our territories and they still failed to assimilate and integrate our nations and people into the russian view of things . 
  obviously he is crazy for wanting to seemingly wipe out the baltic nations so the issue would be done with but the way he calls us basically `` resistant little buggers '' with the masochist comment is quite uplifting . 
  i mean it is quite strange in history that we have prevailed . 
  just look at crimean tatars , their entire population got sent away to siberia , there are other similar populations that got assimilated into the fold of what is a russian identity . 
  we somehow managed to keep our small nations and people alive and are still a thorn for calling russia out on what he has done and is doing . 
  use some pre-word like `` damn fags '' or `` fucking fags '' to make it less sarcastic . 
  going by urban dictionary `` piderass '' is basically how westerners use `` fag '' . 
  and i quote :, 
  `` a slang word for a homosexual or also used in wrong terms when person is disliked '', 
  and russians do exactly use piderass for every person they dislike . 
  kind of like their `` asshole '' . 
  it ' their second `` fascist '' meaning they devalue the word so much and use it on everything it means nothing but to simply offend someone . 
  baba is another fun one . 
  i think `` hag '' is probably the best equivalent . 
  maybe `` skank '' ? 
  ( i like how this is like some high grade doctorate work that every word needs to get scrutiny :p ), 
  well more or less i get the same idea . 
  it is funny though how he praises stalin for his strong leader role but complains that stalin repressed local landlords . 
  he kind of wants his cake and also wants to eat it . 
  like stalin without those repressions might of been disposed off if people were n't afraid of him . 
  he does seem to romanticize of some ideal times of su turning out to be a total success . 
  well by baltics do you mean baltic nations or balts ? 
  as estonia in modern sense usually goes under baltics but in terms of the times you described were mostly not under identical powers . 
  firstly terra mariana . 
  the first time war came to this land was the time russians came to invade and get control . 
  they were beaten back by a commonwealth of different nations . 
  it is know though that having gained a momentum the commonwealth pushed beyond their original territory and occupier russian territory but still , the russian seemed to have started the first realistic `` big army over border '' war on these parts of the land . 
  sweden in the meanwhile gained most of estonian territory ( rest of it came under sweden later from the polish/lithuanian after about 60-70 years ), 
  then again 1590 the second war , instigated by russians to again re-gain now lost territory and complete their original objective and more . 
  they made it as far as the capital of the estonian region and deep inside finland . 
  sweden reacted and conquered the territory back . 
  this time it was agreed that the first war conquered territory was given back to russia . 
  then sweden exploited russia and tried to gain territory and it somewhat worked . 
  then again russia attacked sweden seeing how they were fighting the polish/lithuania commonwealth , deciding to make peace with the poles and fight against sweden . 
  russia won but due to the hellish diplomacy at that time they needed the forces against a probable polish/lithuanian attack so the territories remained under sweden . 
  then again russia was the aggressor and declared war on sweden , this time they had a lot of allies and the lands of current day estonia were lost among others . 
  so among that history . 
  russia was the first to attack and actually lost so bad they seeded territory . 
  then again they attacked and lost . 
  then the only time sweden was the aggressor in history happened . 
  followed by 2 more russian attacks . 
  so from these lands who held power over estonia saw 4 offenses against them and only 1 offense from them . 
  it seems so . 
  well still in some odd way a similar notion of `` repressing the people '' . 
  oh right forgot that russians used this word for both genders . 
  translating swears is harder than it seems . 
  no , it was a quake mod originally . 
  team fortress 2 , as the second iteration began as a commercial game from the get go . 
  it was originally intended to be a retail game based on the hl engine . 
  if you mean team fortress as a series then you are still wrong , the original idea and setup started on the quake engine in form of a mod . 
  half life 1 tfc is the second iteration . 
  then `` came '' the `` tf2 '' that did n't get released at all and the current one is the 4th major overhaul in terms of historically giving team fortress a different look . 
  this is awesome !, 
  probably one of the worst nightmares for a lets player to find talking points alone ( not that you seem to have any trouble ) in a slow strategy game but you manage it perfectly !, 
  thanks for starting this !, 
  hope to see you try mods and other nifty stuff . 
  i bet a lot of people who are n't familiar with civ modding community would be amazed with what people can create for it . 
  sun-tzu was a smart man and got the basics down but he still lived in an earlier age and could n't predict the modern combat scenarios . 
  sometimes it 's much better to contain a pocket and give `` surrender '' as the alternative retreat route than to allow supplies to keep on coming . 
  what do you mean what happened to them ? 
  you pretty much see what happened to them . 
  most of the current prominent yogscasters are in the yogs guild . 
  as you can see some of them play wow , some do n't . 
  it 's a periodical thing . 
  i would guess the guild is still active , it 's just that they do n't play it that religiously . 
  the idea of going back to wow is doable but it would of lost its charm . 
  when the videos were made they were made for like 100-10 ,000 subs so they did n't really care if they got watched . 
  now they need to somewhat cram in jokes so it would have appeal so it would lose the authentic low production eat-shit quality/charm . 
  i think it 's more out of necessity . 
  just look at this footage . 
  driving on such dirtroads on the field near combat areas will make you an observable target civilian or not . 
  there are plenty of equipment to zoom in on the drivers to determine if they look geared up and might be combatants .
