  our identity partly hinges on our language . 
  i rank him second best after obvious meri who was the closest to a divine estonian you could get , calm , composed , polite and spoke like a grandfather you always wanted to have . 
  ilves is modern when it comes to presidents and that is great , actually actually uses twitter , knows about it and can hold up a conversation with an audience on techhy stuff for hours . 
  basically your in the book technocrat . 
  i also like his , sometimes visible , sense of annoyance when he `` sighs '' by rolling his eyes or tilting head backwards . 
  oh and the perfect english is also fun to hear . 
  ilves has negative sides like sometimes bad temperament or the fact he does n't really want to be in this job ( ty wikileaks for this leak ) but it kind of makes him more realistic that he slips up in not so bad places . 
  so for the job he is meant to do he is doing it well and at least in my case speaking for me as a estonian or being the model of what estonia should be for the rest of the world . 
  but the baltics are way ahead of russia . 
  i know estonia and i 'm pretty sure latvia and lithuania also ruled the annexation/occupation period illegal so russia would need to revert one step backward and declare the first independence time as `` illegal '' although they signed a peace treaty giving the lands away . 
  i can play skyrim on medium/high decently with a 4 year old laptop . 
  then again it was a pretty decent laptop in terms of a good chip and dedicated card . 
  football ( soccer for you american people ) is a non collision sport . 
  rugby is a collision sport . 
  get that into your heads . 
  you are in no way allowed to get the ball by halting the player himself . 
  the object of your tackle should always be the ball . 
  if in any case the object is the player you are making a foul . 
  those hands you see in someones face/throat should not be there . 
  its simply working up opposing players by making stupid mistakes and making them angry . 
  furthermore having people bleeding and half injured is not what football ( soccer ) is about . 
  the object of the game is to see good plays and outsmarting the other team by having better command of your body while dancing with the ball . 
  if you want to watch people get hurt watch nascar and hope for crashes if that is what suits you . 
  football is not a bloody `` ooh yeah so awesome , that guy is bleeding out of his nose , head and ear but he keeps playing ! '', 
  kind of idiocy . 
  having said that there are plenty of stereotypical `` tough '' guy leagues and teams . 
  italians are pretty brutal and smart about it , english leagues have a tendency for more body contact and underhanded moves , russians unsurprisingly have a more physical oriented league although their national team is usually more focused on fast pace and technique though . 
  also if you did n't know the guys who usually `` fake '' it the most are the ones who are the easiest to take down like this . 
  usually right mid , left mid , also forwards and mids who are small and rely on pace or technique . 
  basically guys who do n't `` bulk up '' and need to be light enough to endure running about 10km + per match ( excluding forwards ) . 
  they are the `` running backs '' in terms of american football . 
  easiest to take down . 
  oh and to half way explain why in soccer it has come to this theatrical falling in some situations , an unwritten rule has developed over the years of refs not whistling if the player is standing , kind of a spin-off of another rule of allowing play even if a visible mistake was made but the team kept possession of the ball . 
  so players resorted to visibly falling down so the ref by rule has to notice and check what happened to the player . 
  basically in some games you can be punched in the mouth but if you keep playing the ref wo n't whistle a mistake if you keep the ball and you yourself keep playing . 
  later he might come back to the situation and give the offender a yellow card . 
  this again was another development because players did , as we know from basketball and american football ( probably other sports ) , `` professional mistakes '' of grabbing infractions if the risk was high of the opponent to score . 
  so instead this `` play on '' rule was set in place to stop people making mistakes on purpose but it backfired a little bit . 
  yeah ... 
  i was triggered . 
  tldr : for some reasons i always get up writing books , do n't simply read if too long . 
  well true , i know that some are real acts like pulling someones hand in your face to fall down or some falls inside the box . 
  those are the true dives and acts . 
  this situation is not a textbook dive as the opponent made a mistake of flailing his arms near cristianos face . 
  then in order to make the ref notice he did the classic tumble . 
  its the equivalent of basketballs offense mistake of trying to run through a defender where players visibly add drama with an over the top slide on the court to make it show that he was pushed back while his legs were locked in . 
  this however was n't an `` act act '' . 
  the foul of the `` oh sorry , did n't notice i failed my arm into your head region '' was made . 
  the `` problem '' was that this is a grey area in soccer , some refs allow it sometimes and some do n't , after all the ref is always the one making the calls nomatter how obvious a mistake was ( good old hand of god incident for ex ) . 
  obviously both knew it and cristiano tried to get a foul out of it by visibly trying to make the ref notice by falling down . 
  the guy against cristiano obviously knew how far he could push the ref and tried illegal moves to block cristiano . 
  i do agree it makes this a very theatrical sport . 
  although even in lower leagues we learned by practice and actual competitive games that you simply have to sometimes fall if a mistake is made against you . 
  for ex someone is slower than you , noticed you going for goal and instead tries his best to stop you and kicks your leg instead of the ball . 
  in this case you either calculate if you still have the balance and continue play or simply fall down as you possibly ca n't reach the ball anymore due to a mistake against you . 
  so sometimes you actually get the suggestion from your coach that `` fall down to get those mistakes '' . 
  this might seem controversial but its perfectly valid advice as opponents will keep making `` grey area '' mistakes against you knowing how `` tough guy '' play you are making . 
  again i find it very similar to basketball where this kind of thing is also considered `` smart '' as in , oh nice he managed to lure a foul out of someone by over playing him . 
  basketball is just a tiny bit more slower and balanced game in compared to soccer or rugby/american football to that matter . 
  so this kind of stuff seems more elegant imho as players have more time to notice these plays . 
  there is a difference between collision and contact . 
  it is a contact sport but just like b-ball your objective is n't the player ( hence collision ) . 
  in american football , rugby your objective is to bring down the player to stop the ball from advancing by going for him . 
  if you go for the player in football to stop him from advancing that would be a foul . 
  it 's a pseudo love song i would guess but the lyrics are very ... lyrical even to a estonian . 
  talks mostly about a tea package and her fondness of tea . 
  also how there is nothing between `` us '' anymore , just like a tea package ( whatever that means ) . 
  it could also be a small wordplay as `` tee '' means 3 things in our language , to do , tea and road ( all often used words ) . 
  so with the added word of pakike/package it could mean a road parcel/package in some places and a tea packet in some/most . 
  btw great song , added it to my favs , got any more ? 
  actually i for some reason listened in on our historical radio show that talked about this period and arguably russian period was a lot less intrusive . 
  even compared to swedish times . 
  point was that russia at that time was pushing to reform toward european culture and they did n't really `` care '' care for estonia ( as they got it from the war with sweden ) so they let the local upper class germans reign as they wanted and even gave back freedoms , city rights , easier serfdom rights ( in terms of better rights for peasants ) etc. 
  sweden on the other hand while they built the university had a tighter grip on laws and locals rights . 
  so in tldr principle , if you were the `` 99 % '' and a local peasant russian period would of been probably easier compared to swedish times . 
  then again arguably it was a progression of general human rights to serfs/peasants/lower classes that local estonians mostly where . 
  so a lot of sides to this topic but the saying `` good old swedish times '' has set foot in our current culture and we do consider it a great time , no one really knows why . 
  probably because sweden is currently great and we like to think we were apart of sweden once . 
  any facts ? 
  during swedish times locals , farmers , peasants , serfs were officially bound to mansions , meaning slavery became legal to a newer degree . 
  also during swedish times many towns lost their rights to be towns , with that their right of citizens and citizen rights because sweden re-declared what a `` town '' should be . 
  i 'm following the news . 
  in my opinion it 's ok to play soccer from time to time . 
  once you become a superstar earning millions it 's obviously pathetic and in 3 years there will be newer better players than you on the field . 
  i prefer to play than watch . 
  steroids ? 
  fifa has commissions that check for doping or other performance drugs even in our very own estonian meistriliiga and i 'm pretty sure also esiliiga . 
  besides entertainment industry is n't supposed to make sense , it 's entertainment . 
  to each their own , recreation . 
  if fans follow these guys and throw money at buying merchandise and tickets it is up to them . 
  same way every human is n't 24h trying to fix the world . 
  part of that time is required for you to do `` selfish '' things like sleep , eat and also entertainment to unwind and ` recharge ' . 
  only logical we have professional entertainers as are some gamers , singers , footballers etc etc. 
  god i hope this is n't a trolling attempt . 
  1 week `` fallout on android '', 
  oh my god . 
  one of the rare videos were i started aching from my chest , thanks to all the internal laughing and gasping for air . 
  brilliant !, 
  you got it the wrong way around . 
  cage is mocked for accepting every god damn movie he is offered but he does make the movies .
