  `` get away from our shared border '' and `` move your army from east of your country '' are n't mutually similar at all . 
  being near a border with an army is n't the same as a foreign nation demanding to clear their army from a general area of a foreign country as is south east region . 
  well i am sure you got my point . 
  i was n't going by the exact scenario . 
  just that forces near a border and general direction are n't the same . 
  as ukraine is n't a accepted entity us tries to keep things at will as russia listens to us or perhaps germany at least ( well `` listens '' , does n't have to do anything ) . 
  now i know us is n't the one to talk but keeping large forces near a border as is/was russia is n't exactly calming down any tensions . 
  us and russia do share a sea border though just to retort to your snappy comment ( edit : and apparently even land border as single below pointed out ) . 
  depends on the count of forces and you ca n't really go for the `` closer than russia '' as ukraine is n't exactly as big as russia . 
  going by your logic baltic states would have to ship their military to finland or sweden as they would be `` closer to russian border '' than russia . 
  well common sense would be one . 
  `` seems eager '' is n't 100 % sure . 
  it is 100 % sure , if you go in civilian clothes and actually walk into the city hall to confirm it is your target . 
  green men are getting sloppy at their work if the article four posted is true . 
  well one thing is for sure and a very sinister `` positive '' in this situation . 
  it kind of fast forwards the situation and we get to skip the politics of `` do n't do that or we will do this '' . 
  kiev moved their chess piece by protecting their territory from their view point . 
  russia and those who want independence/annexation in those regions , your move . 
  cold war 2 : melting point, 
  starring :, 
  daniel craig as vladimir putin, 
  morgan freeman as barack obama, 
  well nato had the 2 % clause before anything in ukraine happened . 
  only a small amount of members spent 2 % . 
  nato wo n't gain a whole lot from this mind you . 
  the 2 % is meant for countries own defense force . 
  nato as an organisation is mostly funded by us anyway . 
  you do realize you mentioned all full contact sports . 
  those being hockey , rugby , american football . 
  soccer is n't a full contact sport . 
  the goal of the game is to be agile and fast , avoid opponents , not go for them . 
  you need to go for the ball with your feet and body . 
  if you go for the player it is a foul . 
  in soccer falling over is a very mundane thing . 
  they athletes are built for lean muscle mass , speed and agility . 
  trying to get the other guy to go off balance and win you the ball is the point . 
  this is sometimes accompanied by one of the players falling over as they lose balance . 
  so not every fall is a dive , those that are dives do n't get often whistled as a foul by the ref and those that do , get huge press coverage . 
  football is different kind of `` tough '' . 
  it 's more about endurance , balance and ability to shrug off other players lowballing you by hitting your legs or elbowing you in the face hoping the ref does n't notice . 
  then you simply outplay using your skill , not your brawn . 
  if i wanted to see two people beat the living shit out of each other to judge their manliness i would watch boxing . 
  as a estonian the only white tights sniper i have heard of is this one :, 
  i also welcome our top secret estonian female sniper special ops unit . 
  if there ever was a best barricade contest this would be in my top # 10 ukraine barricades :, 
  holy hell , un does n't mess around . 
  uk and france so far have basically said `` russian sponsored armed militants '' . 
  so in their eyes there is no question of a russian connection, 
  * goes back to listening *, 
  well true but i doubt nato would orchestrate ukraine to get countries to simply spend 2 % or keep the 2 % . 
  not much of an achievement as i doubt most countries would even spend 2 % even now . 
  france or germany does n't really need to spend more on their own budget . 
  if nato needs money they would lobby for actual funding of their organisation . 
  not if a certain country funds their own army . 
  argentina broke the 4th wall and went kind of meta . 
  they talked about how the talking about , does n't seem to help . 
  how i miss your cocky attitude to stick your nose in places others would n't . 
  how i miss your sometimes snarky comments of a situation . 
  so far one of the bad losses has been you . 
  simon should do a ama on reddit . 
  someone contact him or something . 
  where you contemplating suicide or long term depression knowing you just lost your phone with all the information attached ? 
  how big is demon like height wise/size wise . 
  can you also describe what he looks like appearance wise . 
  also do the voices help you remember stuff ? 
  like where you put the keys or that you wanted to watch some tv series and forgot . 
  modern world sad irony . 
  the armies fight without insignia trying to provoke locals . 
  the locals wear ribbons to mark their side and fight . 
  i will raise my glass in memory of all dead , the burned ones in odessa , the downed pilots of ukraine . 
  here 's how world social concepts like borders and on a more local scale how the experiment of the soviet union who tried to redraw nations and resettle the people managed to create what we have here today . 
  i find it amazing that whatever entity they have in the east be it the su or russia who took on the role of the successor state of su they have managed to piss off a lot of their neighbors . 
  norway - below average , had a border dispute until recently, 
  finland - invaded by the su and land taken , people killed . 
  estonia - annexed and people killed . 
  demographics ruined forever thanks to bringing a large proportion of immigrants in . 
  latvia - annexed and people killed . 
  demographics ruined forever thanks to bringing a large proportion of immigrants in . 
  lithuania - annexed and people killed . 
  belarus - friendly, 
  poland - got invaded by su and people people killed . 
  also katyn massacre . 
  divided polish territory so even lithuania got a piece . 
  ukraine - well obviously not a friendly nation anymore . 
  holodomor and other current reasons . 
  georgia - had a recent war with russia so quite bad . 
  azerbaijan - luke warm , opinion on russia dropped after the war russia had with his little neighbor georgia who is next to azerbaijan . 
  kazakhstan - neutral . 
  plays for both the west and russia . 
  mongolia - good/friendly . 
  north korea - good, 
  china - good , used to be rocky and even had a small war/skirmish in the 20th century . 
  japan - technically still at war with russia thanks to su annexing territory . 
  usa - as hard as they try they end up at different sides of the fence, 
  so lets see 16 neighbors . 
  with 6 nations the relations are friendly/good/neutral . 
  10 nations are n't friendly . 
  britain , france did n't oppress their immediate neighbors . 
  a good parallel would be being an ass to friends and family . 
  you can choose friends ( colonies ) but your family ( neighbors ) will remain for a long time so it 's even more idiotic to do it .
