  russia actually `` stopped '' at a certain point as their main objective was achieved , that was to push the border further and get a fairly good peace treaty with finland ( why conquer and deal with rebellious citizens in major cities ? ) . 
  they took what they wanted and stopped ... for whatever time it is necessary . 
  they even gave up some land conquered as they were happy with what they got already . 
  the tactical battle was for sure lost because of the structure . 
  from bigger and sluggish platoons , squads etc to a very strict and ruled way of doing combat . 
  it was an allegory of how the british fought the americans . 
  it was n't that bad and high up commanders were still experienced and old timers surviving the purge . 
  finnish army from a neutral perspective was really under huge stress and not that on high moral or structure ( understandable when looking at what russia threw against them on some sections of the front ) , whole mannerheim line sections were breaking and actual splits happened at the ending parts of the war . 
  so i would say the true cause is not the war casualties ( as russia by the end was steamrolling and broke their main mannerheim lines so a logical thing would be to attack even more now as the road is free and less casualties ) but because russia achieved their immediate goals they set up to get . 
  i would be cautious at what even the video showed . 
  it simply pointed at a black mark probably some flash grenade , showed what seemed to be border post and kohver on the other side . 
  the actual event was n't on camera . 
  simply the aftermath of kohver being on the other side at that time . 
  so i would say it still quite open at what really really happened exactly . 
  us and the west want both gone , isis and assad because assad is like a mild saddam . 
  they want the `` rebel side '' to win . 
  russia on the other hand plays a different game and support assad assaulting isis but also striking on the opponents of assad , other rebel factions . 
  what is better ? 
  i do n't think anyone even knows . 
  assad is simply same old same old , if rebels get in power it could be better or worse , no one really knows . 
  at least they are both fighting isis . 
  `` boom ... butterfly effect '', 
  but in case of isis it is about ideology ... it is about constructing an earthly muslim caliphate so war still has n't really changed . 
  also derived from that a nationalistic aspect of getting such a country to exist . 
  the realistic fighting is still very much done by first party participants as are either syrian moderates , rebels , assad side and whoever else is there . 
  then isis and perhaps the third biggest fighting faction now , russia . 
  god , morrowind managed to do an oxymoron with their direction system . 
  i hated and loved it equally . 
  for some reason it felt so cool and realistic to go by directions and landmarks to some place , immersion complete as you were reading directions , not just `` follow waypoint '' . 
  then again i managed to get lost on some directions as vague as `` the dungeon is on this coast '' . 
  do you want supervillains ? 
  this is how you get supervillains , by naming kids with names like zadok or zorgan or zirron . 
  someone discovered us : x, 
  yay estonians , a foreigner noticed us !, 
  spread word to your locals that we need some eu cash thrown at us , we are starving and stuff , i need a better laptop etc. 
  haven \u00b4 t heard of `` eksitaja '' , or the deceiver in english , in any of the stories . 
  haldjas is basically fairy in english so they are usually side characters and i don \u00b4 t think they have specific stories . 
  oh wow , i did n't even know lba was actually known ( enough to get reddit posts , or a steam release ! ) . 
  i freaking loved it , it was like an adult game in a child \u00b4 s universe . 
  cool oppressive undertones with an interesting world . 
  dude , you brought back memories . 
  we had similar shifts in the army . 
  one was nightly fire guarding where you kept the ovens fire going and also made sure nothing happened to it . 
  if you had nothing to do ( no weapon to clean or no will to eat ) you would usually simply scan the tent floor and look at people sleeping or look at the fire . 
  not in such a creepy way though . 
  i do remember it was such an eerie experience as some people slept with eyes semi open so they sometimes gave you this `` death stare '' back at you . 
  just to add to the creepy story we had such cold times doing outside patrols ( well actually a fox hole position ) that i once started hallucinating from the cold and sleep deprivation , saw tall `` shadow people '' walking in a valley below and heard whispers right next to me . 
  my patrol partner had similar experiences . 
  never experienced it again and never want to either . 
  some tips that i would give having served :, 
  - the most important factor is sadly based on luck , that is what staff you will get while in service . 
  some of the superiors might be harder nuts than others . 
  some platoon leaders for example really like to toy with ` city passes ' ( or whatever you call them , the pass to get home at sun/sat ) so some squads quite unfairly lost entire weeks of earned passes as their leader was simply being an ass puniching for smaller mistakes . 
  - having said that , to most of the staff this is a 9 to 5 job . 
  these guys doing the training try to put up a facade as best as possible of an `` army training '' but in reality they are probably hurrying home to catch that game of footy or to bring theirs kids back from school . 
  so most of the time these guys themselves are playing soldier as very few have actually served in wars . 
  to them training you is a hassle , most of the staff with time ease up as they get tired of playing `` big scary army dude '' . 
  some of the regular staff leveled with us on their own feelings training us . 
  the kind of `` if you see me on the streets , lets grab a beer '' kind of talk . 
  also ratted out other trainers who were lazy and did n't want to do shit . 
  kind of an eyeopener moment of understanding even people in the army career are basically the same `` office slobs '' , probably lazier than you or me . 
  we even had dota 2 clans among staff and one guy who was training us , still lived with their mother at the age of 29 i think it was ( not as an insult , just to show even the trainers are ... well all kinds of people ) . 
  - first 10 weeks outside contact is small , you probably wo n't even get a chance to leave battalion territory on your own . 
  this is the time where they will try to `` break you '' . 
  no ex here , just have to experience and survive this part . 
  the only good part is that you do n't have time to really think and time flies during the first weeks . 
  - lots of running , i was fit and even for me the running was something i got fed up of doing , you can start weekly runs before you get to service to ease up into it , otherwise they kind of throw you into a `` national standard '' and expect everyone to keep up . 
  worst morning runs are when you are in the forest . 
  we had guys literally nosedive into muddy , gravelly roads as it was so dark you could n't see anything and you had to run . 
  - worst enemy , cold !, 
  it got bloody cold at times . 
  i recommend , if possible , to buy some good thermo undergarments . 
  also good gloves is a must for winter !, 
  the stuff you get from the army rations is quite bad . 
  probably my worst experience and something that went a little over the allowed border was with cold . 
  we had an epidemic of some flu and a lot of people were in sickbay . 
  we still went to camp in the forest at winter time . 
  this meant only half a unit in our tent and basically double the patrol/fire shifts . 
  so about 2-3h of sleep and 4 hours in a static position watching over a ridge , basically freezing . 
  i have never felt so cold in my life and i am usually the one who has quite a high pain barrier to usual stuff . 
  morrowind felt unique because of the natural way of letting you explore in the gaming world by directions . 
  in skyrim after some time you simply sprint toward your next objective or fast travel to it . 
  remember even fast travel was n't available in morrowind , instead you had a `` taxi '' service between major cities . 
  it is streamlined and more into content but it did lose charm . 
  its much cooler to get direction of `` hey adventurer , you need to travel ontop of the mountain , there you will come across a big oak tree , go underneath it to find a gold door '' rather than `` go here '' sign . 
  morrowind for that also gave a lot of mystery when you reached the spot . 
  your brain started thinking `` ok , is this it ? 
  is this the place ? 
  are these ruins the correct ones ? 
  is that tall tower what was described in the letter ? '', 
  so this uncertainty played a lot into it . 
  you felt like an actual newcomer to a world , you checked signs , looked around in nature and felt really accomplished knowing you managed to follow directions to the right place , it was like a mini game of hide and seek , looking for road signs , objects etc to keep to your path . 
  it forced you to explore , the best bit of the game ( exploring that is ) . 
  in skyrim its does not pace you the same way as you always know your next waypoint you have to register a `` ok , now i go off the track '' feeling when exploring . 
  there is a fine line between a harder game and better feeling of reward . 
  i for one really liked the less streamlined morrowind version . 
  harold : '' berta you son of a biatch !, 
  stop no scope hacking ! '', 
  berta : '' no harold , stop being a bundle of sticks , no wonder your grandkids did n't go to college !, 
  cry moar ! '',
