  - 15 ) lewis uniting everyone ... against him , always, 
  - 16 ) city names , oh god . 
  pyrion first time using `` my wife '' as a city names , stuff of legends . 
  - 17 ) besides ttt civilization series have been one of those few series that some videos have made me audibly laugh like some idiot, 
  - 18 ) first time i started literally hearing about ben , now our commander in chief delegating chumps and dutch frogs . 
  - 19 ) audible typing , you knew sh ** was about to go down when people went quiet and started typing, 
  - 20 ) yogscast way of not being able to monitor typing so 25 % of those messages went on global or other recipients, 
  - 21 ) lewlew, 
  your mouth , a huge large explosion of hot stuff covering your face and hands and chest and mouth ... something like that ? 
  max payne 3 went heavily for noire setup but i loved it . 
  it was overdone but i still loved it . 
  the beginning quote i ca n't even find it but it went along the lines of `` with my two friends jack and daniels '' ... kind of forced , kind of seeable but with that narration and that gritty voice , those quotes sounded awesome !, 
  1 ) estonian president became meri , one of our most beloved presidents . 
  the right man at the right time , was an avid diplomat and had a lot of connections to the west . 
  this video kind of makes a point what kind of guy he was ( hope you understand at least the russian part ) : [ port building still had a red flag waving ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reqvrtskwfa ), 
  2 ) uhh i 'm not even sure what our government was and too lazy to google . 
  i do know the cabinet was quite young and our pm basically went `` uuuhhh ... i read this good theoretical economic book , what the hell ... lets try if it actually works '' , thankfully it did . 
  3 ) most see the current state better ( i mean we are richer on average than a russian and they have quite a lot of resources to prop up their economy ) . 
  there are those who view the communist times as better times , mostly older folk who ca n't adjust to a new system and remember `` good old days '' . 
  4 ) good question about nato and eu hate , i do n't even know if there is statistics for that . 
  nato was more or less done so fast no opposition built up , it was our shield against a then unstable russia/ussr . 
  as for eu it was later and there were naysayers not just on the pro-russian side . 
  generally i would say the feeling was `` we more or less have to join eu , we ca n't be a rogue state outside a `` cool boys club '' that is eu . 
  5 ) eu and estonian life ... well , that is a question and a half . 
  there is no viable measurement . 
  we have gotten support money from eu but then again we got support after ussr collapsed . 
  also those support funds are more or less gone as we have gained in economy . 
  in turn though for support money , estonia and other new cheaper eu members , we give back cheaper goods be it milk , oranges or mechanical parts . 
  so again its hard to say who has gained . 
  in terms of everyday positives , euro is a lot less of a hassle , you can travel and pay in euros in most countries and i personally find the prices nicer to look . 
  also statistics are really easy to compare , eg wages in other countries when everyone uses the same monetary system . 
  we also perhaps gained some trade as its easier for others to transact with us . 
  6 ) teachers ... uhh ... pretty quiet . 
  i think their wages are slowly growing and although probably underpayed they manage somewhat . 
  it is however a general problem with certain professions as are nurses , medics , firefighters , they also have perhaps lower wages as their job would expect . 
  it is viewed as a current government problem , no parallel is drawn with communism times . 
  how are phones scary ? 
  like does the current government still listen in on phonecalls or something ? 
  7 ) russia - threat to neutral probably , threat as in we have lost plenty of trade due to economic/political play and this was long before events in ukraine and any official blockades of goods . 
  in terms of military we do n't consider russia an imminent threat , we are shielded as best we can , we literally ca n't do more . 
  we train every fit male for combat , we have nato as backup , we are in eu , we are economically better off etc etc. 
  russia plays strongly but not stupidly , they would n't attack such a target . 
  even ukraine was a last ditch effort , if we think a couple of years ahead people who remembered good old soviets times would of died and the ability to snatch back crimea would of diminished with every year further . 
  oh another threat is some part of our local russian population by heritage . 
  russian media and russian actual history has a lot of differences and things can get heated . 
  bronze night is an obvious example how big the cultural gap is . 
  a statue that represented occupation to estonians while respect for their soldiers for russians was moved to a military cemetary , it was chaos . 
  did n't help that the russian media started reporting that the bronze soldier was cut up for scrap ... kind of added fuel to the fire and it was probably what they were going for . 
  mcdonalds drive through ? 
  ummm some pizza places are open 24h i think like peetri pizza , order a pizza ? 
  make a makeshift breakfast . 
  i love 21 century . 
  in what other time in history were assassinations this out in the open ? 
  like they used to hide political murders but now we get live reports , interviews and even know how much it pays . 
  ai similar scenario would be if you put someone in vr and switched their hand remotes with a similar gun and pointed them to shoot at some ` enemy on screen ' - gon na patent that and sell it to nk for 90 $ + tax . 
  i am in the end of my 20 's and i love yogscast . 
  i feel them being +5 ( on occasion ) years even on me , makes their mental humor on par with what i like . 
  i mean sips , pyrion , ben are all dads , they are quite mature . 
  minecraft is more of a backdrop imho to enjoy their chemistry . 
  i do really enjoy how they are starting to go to games i enjoyed as a youngling like original x-coms , or even colonization or homm 3 . 
  as for how would people react ? 
  most do n't know . 
  there is stigma with this . 
  i know people who also follow yogs but it is n't a topic i usually bring up . 
  i have followed them from god knows how long , i only remember i started seriously watching them when they started adding people besides lew and simon , first video i saw simon in real life was the 300,000 sub special so i guess i started also watching somewhere between 2010 and 11 . 
  i do n't think estonians think that blacks are refugees or illegals . 
  the angry ones might use this as a easy offense though . 
  the hard answer is that we as a small nation very much have a idea of who a `` estonian '' is , a stereotype . 
  70 years under communism and a recent national re-awakening in the 1991-93 period with re-independence kind of solidified the idea of `` who a true estonian is '' . 
  that person who has roots here , stood up to communism , has politically more or less a similar view where to steer the country . 
  some even call up on people who `` look russian '' so being black , asian or any different to that matter makes you stand out . 
  this stems from fright of outsiders due to our own bad history and misplaced hate for things that have happened due to refugees in europe in general . 
  so the problem is actually that as europe itself had this stepping stone many decades ago ( centuries even ? ), 
  estonia only now is reaching the `` metropol '' idea of different cultures and looks living together . 
  you can think of yourself ( as a popular `` asian looking '' youtuber in estonia said ) an ambassador who more or less takes away the `` oh a black guy ! '', 
  tag and makes yourself `` no please , call me mike '' ( or whatever your name is ) . 
  it always bring me back to when i traveled to an asian nation that on average were of small height and in certain parts of towns never seen white people daily . 
  so boy did i stand out there , kids literally stopped playing football and stared at me with open mouths on some occasion . 
  so very much a culture shock still in estonia for some among our population and a country in progression . 
  however as your surroundings makes or breaks in coming to study should be 100 % ok as you have plenty of people around you from different places . 
  tartu is very much a student town to begin with so there should n't be any awkwardness . 
  tallinn center and university areas have plenty of internationals around and living in the area , so again should n't be a problem . 
  long story short , there are assholes but mostly it should be a mundane learning experience with a couple of `` so where are you from ? '', 
  kind of questions from curious people . 
  what do you mean it was n't you ? 
  your comment caught you red-handed . 
  voted for rasmus for his stage presence . 
  kerli had a strangely weak voice and verona was kind of ... how would i say it , soulless ? 
  would be good if they worked . 
  i go to a section if the counter stays above 5 . 
  usually at least 4 spots are false positive `` free spaces '' with smaller cars not triggering the sensor . 
  til we somehow `` produce '' models ... is there like a job i can apply for to start ... producing those models ? 
  how your superior expects you to ( for obvious reasons ) work your ass off while he himself tries to boast his own contribution . 
  i do get he has a lot on his mind but if the task at hand is basically one to one and he himself is slower , you ca n't really say anything as it is rude but for him it is perfectly normal to taunt you . 
  it 's kind of an unwritten rule to bear this hoping you will reach a higher level . 
  still hate it to guts that you basically do the same thing , he probably fully understands that you did it faster and perhaps better but still , as by some unwritten rule you ca n't say anything back without fearing whiplash and he can taunt you . 
  well as a guy i think estonian girls are already pretty . 
  plenty of `` west '' looking guys also as male beauty/fashion trends are catching up . 
  i think the whole society is slightly going metro . 
  skinny jeans and a slightly baggy fishtail like lengthy jackets on most guys/girls with a trendy hairdo .
