  so basically tldr version would be , communism hurt us and crippled our country to this day actually . 
  obviously it did build roads , factories and later in the era we became one of the `` look at what communism does '' country to show off to the west . 
  basically a experimental country that was given a little more freedom than the rest but the damage was done . 
  besides roads an factories , maybe not that massive , would of been built anyway as estonia already did have a working country economy wise before the first communist take-over ( hell we even bought some tanks into our army ! ) . 
  so a little recap . 
  estonians saw the statue as a reminder of occupation but no one really cared that much , most went on with their daily lives . 
  the event :, 
  then came one year that an estonian elder who probably had personal grudges against the communist regime , i would n't call him a radical . 
  he was simply with his own stubborn views as elderly people often are . 
  he might of been but did n't look like it . 
  well anyway this guy decided to take an estonian flag and stand behind the crowd . 
  he had 2 also older guys help him carry the flag join him on the street . 
  call him what you like , someone trying to provoke ? 
  fact is what he , well they , did was simply stand behind the crowd and hold the estonian flag . 
  just as a sidenote this was by chance captured on camera by a local tv station who usually does these `` on the spot coverage '' . 
  they saw a guy carrying an estonian flag and as it looks odd , ran to him and asked what he was doing . 
  what happened is what broke the straw of some of the estonians who had n't really put thought to it before . 
  basically again whatever one side or the other thought the backdrop of the situation what we saw was that some of the crowd surrounded the 3 guys . 
  the guys were called fascist , provocators and the guy was physically attacked , pushed around and the flag was tear down with cheers from the crowd . 
  i do n't know about you but even for me who really does n't care usually about these things it felt odd . 
  in my own country a guy got attacked for carrying our flag and shouted slurs for no reason . 
  well only reason that he showed up on that day . 
  again i get it that it can be seen as a provocation from him being there but he literally did n't do anything as the event got recorded even before he reached the square . 
  besides they were 3 guys against i do n't know , 25-50 guys who actively surrounded them . 
  later the police took the guy with the flag away for his own safety and to remove the tension . 
  this news managed to spread like wildfire at least through local estonians . 
  are n't estonian allowed their part of the world to express their standpoints even in their own country ? 
  it seemed odd . 
  from that moment events were set in gear . 
  people obviously started dividing on the issue . 
  estonian radicals showed up , russian radicals showed up . 
  estonian radical j\u00fcri liim said he would blow the statue up , he was a known element having done strange things before and gotten in jail for it so it was slightly over the top even for him but could n't count it out . 
  russians started a 24/7 watch on the statue and it became basically the centrepoint of the entire country . 
  confrontations , disputes , shouting etc among those who turned up there . 
  i tried to find the initial video of the flag carrier but i ca n't seem to find it . 
  i did find a video of the confrontations after that , probably more come up in the related . 
  solution :, 
  now for whatever reason our prime minister basically went `` the hell with this '' . 
  he sided with the estonians . 
  again the reasoning for such a straightforward act seemed strange even for estonians but he basically went `` the statue had to go from the city center '' . 
  the relocation took place fairly fast and a little time before the next may 9th event . 
  this again caused a shitstorm in the form of the bronze night events but now i would look back and see it obviously as an estonian glad it happened at some point as the statue seemed to take a life of it 's own as a radical symbol for both sides and caused hardship for both sides in regular populace and the events there had constant coverage . 
  obviously i feel bad for the russian estonians who 's probably felt as their country abandoned them and did n't go by their views . 
  still glad that at least in estonia some politician took the heat and made such a strong decision . 
  after all it was relocated to a military cemetery that is still in the town of tallinn accessible to get to , not in some obscure location no one would bother to go to . 
  a peaceful spot as cemeteries often are , this one is fairly kept in order too as it is a military one . 
  not a downtown area literally 50 meters or so from a bus stop . 
  really tldr : basically same history line , different perspective of the matter . 
  a whip to a owner is a symbol of power , a whip to a subject is a symbol of dread . 
  the justification if you could n't bother read all the above is that a certain event sparked a nation wide debate and a pretty much daily confrontation between radicals of russian and estonian side near the bronze solider in downtown . 
  for some reason a politician acted really fast and relocated the statue . 
  today i would see it as a good thing as no more tension has risen after the bronze night from that statue . 
  well true but read my above reply . 
  the statue in some way tore our country apart even in 2006 . 
  23 years is n't that long as the russian side had people from the `` old '' interfront movement on the spot . 
  interfront were the guys who did n't want estonia to get re-independent in 1991 . 
  this is a small video ( albeit from estonian side mostly ) about why interfront is important and what it means :, 
  i am an estonian and i have n't really looked into what days honor einsatzgruppen . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i know we have the blue mountain gathering for the german side that is basically their `` commemoration '' day . 
  as they lost that battle i do n't think they can call it a parade or celebration . 
  estonia had about 4000 jews in total . 
  i am relying on wikipedia at this point as i always forget the exact or even fairly relative numbers . 
  about 10 % got deported to siberia along with estonians and 75 % in total escaped to su knowing that germans did n't exactly like jews . 
  so estonia was called judenfrei with 963 deaths according to some german map . 
  we did have collaborators among ourselves that helped murder the remaining 963 though with the einstazgruppen and the jews brought on our territory . 
  i am not sure how well we have tracked the collaborators down or if they are all dead and we never got to them . 
  or exactly how many there were of total population . 
  i do n't think the percentage is that big as we really did n't have that much manpower to spare as a nation . 
  part of this zeal was probably the newly found enemy of su who again , did invade us first so we lost our independence to the forces to the east . 
  some of us saw it as a way to repay su repressions . 
  not the jew killing , the slav disliking . 
  i do not think that estonia was xenophobic or anti-semitic towards jews before ww2 though . 
  we can always back up this statement with a recorded statement in the jewish golden book . 
  basically a book in jerusalem jews write their thanks to the people/nations of the world . 
  we established an autonomy for the jewish people to act inside our republic of pre-ww2 so there is that . 
  we still had people who helped kill the remaining jews though so nothing that great . 
  as a sidenote estonians had a saying about the occupation period . 
  a best food for an estonian is another estonian . 
  there were often cases were estonians outed other estonians for various reasons so we were n't that nice even to each other at some point . 
  estonia also had a ss battalion by the end of the war but as far as i am aware it ca n't really be called that . 
  not that i want to again whitewash that much ( history happened deal with it and besides i am not one of these persons ) but the group was formed in the ending part of the war . 
  that was basically when germany was in full retreat one line after another trying to frantically stop the red army and they used any method possible to get people to fight for them . 
  among those methods was to form ss divisions of people they at first though of as lower kind to german arians . 
  so basically in a cartoony way they simply ran past some guys and declared you are ss now , hoping they would fight better and longer . 
  again true . 
  politically thinking and being 50 % 50 % it was n't the most neutral approach . 
  more so that the prime minister spoke about a known legend/myth of soldiers being buried under the statue being drunkards and getting ran over by a tank and doing it just before 9th of may . 
  another point is that some had brought up is that if such actions were done just after the re-independence no one would of even noticed . 
  at that time i believe most stalin/lenin monuments were removed . 
  from my view our prime minister went `` to hell with this '' . 
  it 's really hard to decide what he thought or who he talked to . 
  maybe it was the last straw for him too . 
  it was n't that much a nationalist radical side but the side of estonian viewpoint , as a politician he obviously had to act as speaking does n't help at certain point , police was on the scene every day and the crowds were n't getting smaller . 
  so more like he went for the estonians , among those obviously estonian radicals . 
  it was a though decision though . 
  i do n't think he predicted the riots at all as i remember him saying countless times nothing would happen . 
  so quite bad reading on his part and it probably tore a gap even more in distrust about estonian run government . 
  about passports . 
  this is one of those sticky situations .
