  having said that most people will obviously link it back to nazis as it was mostly inspired by nazis but they probably do n't care . 
  rt had a ` wonderful ' article of this . 
  basically the first paragraph more or less said `` we do n't know but probably an ukrainian false flag operation '' , i shit you not . 
  truly a beacon of journalism when the first theory to be mentioned is a conspiracy . 
  i actually honestly had a thought as i posted of `` is this wrong ? '', 
  but i explained it away with my own look on life . 
  if i was shot up i would n't mind black humor . 
  knowing army humor they can go a lot darker . 
  i did feel the actual humor center point was not about the actual people killed but putin claims of `` holiday goers '' and it played on that . 
  it might feel like a lot of apologetic shiat but its good to talk . 
  still i apologize . 
  no ill will meant for the bastards who got put into this hotspot . 
  the death of osama represented an idea , a period . 
  same way hitlers death from a human standpoint was n't something to glorify but the idea of him being the driving force behind an ` evil ' germany and that he is gone is celebration worthy . 
  osama 's death sent the message of `` we will hunt you down if you hurt us '' and was a moral victory for repayment of all the lives lost , again the idea holder who carried it and was a beacon of `` forceful political messaging '' or terrorism died with him . 
  while there are other sides to this of osama becoming a martyr of sorts for his idea upholders it still showed that if the us want to get someone , they will go beyond their shadows to get them . 
  because anything anti-russian is a american false flag or ukrainian false flag plot to blame russia . 
  this was a very nice series . 
  most importantly the humor did n't feel forced and no real `` oh em gee , it is gta , we have to be totally random right lolol swag swag swag '', 
  a fine line was reached this day , 2015 of the year of our lord . 
  ah ok , seems reasonable . 
  still have n't seen it as that pure white before . 
  that 's why it intrigued me . 
  thanks !, 
  well if we did n't have a visual statistic of a mild cold war ii then now we do . 
  granted its just us being us and russia just trying to get to ` good ' old times . 
  before maidan or anything the likes it was speculated that in order for putin to remain such a big shot he has to play a dangerous game , not war wise but power wise . 
  basically he has been `` all in '' always , he either has power or he loses all connections , business , money . 
  while this is a speculation this kind of plays awesomely into this . 
  russia hoping on their reserves and if they hold a straight face long enough , maybe the economy will recover and everything will be fine . 
  also putin ca n't do anything other . 
  he has to keep a straight face and keep everyone in check spending reserves or people will start going against him , he can lose it all . 
  what about all the e - `` stone '' - ia jokes we have been getting . 
  well the ` situation ' is quite subjective . 
  i do think just as ua there is a somewhat constant process of bringing in newer , rested boots to the front line for the separatists . 
  a warzone is a very uncomfortable place to be and the promise of rest might of been enough . 
  then again from the other end maybe just those older fighters defected as they felt that they could no more ( or situation called for ) and did n't dare to desert/retreat on the separatist side in fright of a more loose political system and possible punishments . 
  i would guess ua probably has more resources and better rotations . 
  `` lewis , i tought we had a thing about swearing ! '', 
  `` baaah ... fakh all you babbis ! '', 
  q1 : de jure no , de facto people do it . 
  depends on the country , some consider uploading a crime , downloading not as the person ca n't be really sure what he is downloading with false names online and a hard thing to prove in court . 
  q2 : yes , it is quite irritating . 
  i 'm actually currently playing warcraft 1 for the first time myself . 
  the things that will annoy you are :, 
  - no right click so instead of select unit & move you have to select a unit and select the actual move command . 
  this also causes battles to be somewhat infuriating as the guy 2 squares from the enemy wo n't attack until you actually order him to attack . 
  even the ` drag a box ' selection is done through a hotkey so you have to hold control so you can drag a box, 
  - maximum selection group of 4 , you probably will have armies of around 20-30 , only allowing to get 4 selected will get annoying, 
  - pathfinding , your villagers will probably get stuck , also longer paths your regular army will go bonkers . 
  - ai ` balance ' is done in the way of allowing the ai to cheat . 
  still if you approach it from a humble , nostalgic angle it is playable . 
  the difficulties of the interface make the game more of a challenge , that is somewhat a hard fought positive . 
  i remember that i tried it years before but in fact the modern indie retro gaming market has caused this game to be tolerable . 
  i find the graphics and actual gameplay quite at ease and i look at it more of as a challenge , `` flash game '' , as it almost feels like a very basic rts by modern standards . 
  the point is are they exclusive and in what quantity . 
  same goes for russian weapons in ukraine or rebel hands . 
  i still wonder how on earth was the decision made to allow a tank that is , while similar , upgraded with different equipment to be move to ukrainian territory . 
  probably the answer is someone screwed up and supplied the rebels with something they were n't meant to . 
  some russian military branch did n't get the memo on what t-72 's ukraine used . 
  ah the good old guild wars . 
  a mmo that was n't like a mmo but it grew on you . 
  i remember i got ran into that `` snow town '' whatever it was . 
  i had to pay that guy some gold for it but totally worth it . 
  also people had a thing for black dye , most worth item ever . 
  i still have some black dye in my backpack , too bad i have n't played gw1 or the exp for like 2-4 years now ? 
  while the story is horrible i am sure there is more to this . 
  some other factor most of been involved , some real animosity between him and the captors or something else . 
  then again what difference does it make , he 100 % lost his arm and at the age of 19 he has lost something forever in his life . 
  then again ukrainian own politicians have been caught saying similar stuff . 
  tymoshenko ` famously ' called for the nuking of russia and wiping out all of ethnics russian in ukraine . 
  such saying while obviously idiotic and something that would cause politicians or people in higher positions to step down in quieter times , are made on emotion and without thought . 
  the tweet while giving you enough time to think what you write might still come out as stupid , famous people do stupid stuff just like regular people . 
  more so if emotionally charged topics are at hand . 
  even the pope recently `` promised '' to kick people in the face if his mother was offended by someone . 
  also i remember some other important russian media mogul called for nuclear winter over ukraine . 
  the actor and tymoshenko , the pope , russian bigshots all do this for the act of belonging . 
  the more furious the message the more you get in the spotlight . 
  so the answer would be , some ordinary people feel similar thoughts as the russian actor . 
  however such speech is just as much about linguistic expressionism of going for the extremes as much as there is truth behind such statements . 
  if putin ( or some of his generals ) called for the death of every ukrainian i would be more alert as he/they actually has/have the power and access to do something . 
  did n't we already get this ? 
  i am fairly sure us deployed actual ground forces just for the reason he gave , so there would be actual de facto people on ground . 
  as for more permanent bases talks are always going on and estonia is trying to bring some training facility or base into its territory that would have constant international presence . 
  ca n't speak for latvia or lithuania , would guess their ideas are similar . 
  well even this article calls for nothing more . 
  in order for us to not be overrun we need huge forces . 
  russia has an entire army group in the north-west of their country . 
  we ca n't match that and we probably ca n't even support the permanent forces who would be stationed here . 
  i thought the question was how people feel . 
  a private conversation or non private does n't matter for feelings , did n't know i was constricted to only public messages when giving examples . 
  thanks for the downvote . 
  where did i state that having soldiers in ones own country is a problem ? 
  the joke was that sips started singing the ymca song ( google it if you are among the 1 % who have n't head it ) but instead of y m c a , he sang t n e c o n n i. 
  the extra joke was that someone midway messed it up so tneconni became tinco , the `` best '' place in the world where nothing rhymes . 
  seriously ? 
  those are decals , not supposed to be historically correct . 
  so you can decorate your tank with the modern flag of your country if you want to . 
  `` an example of this is when our journalists are accused of being agents in estonia 's secret service , j\u00e4\u00e4skel\u00e4inen said . '', 
  lawl , as an estonian i am quite proud that fins are accused of being agents of our secret service .
