  i like to know i can recognize the voice and the actual face of an actor in a game . 
  uh what ... now the word oriental is offensive ? 
  i ca n't keep up with this . 
  how , when , why ? 
  i thought of it as a nice cool word to call a region like americans or europeans , oriental ... 
   in the pipe , 5 by 5, 
  oooooohhhh ... i always to this day thought the sc dropship said `` in the five , five five five '' as in `` i 'll be there in 5 minutes and to be cool i 'll repeat the 5 , three times '', 
  shhh ... we will just cleansweep the place and silence any witnesses , no one will know this happened . 
  apparently some cogwheel forgot to send me the memo ... 
  there is a logic behind these people . 
  the thinking goes in line with the saying `` if you offer a finger they will take the hand '' and `` if it ai n't broke , why fix it ? 
  ( from their perspective ) '', 
  so they are horribly scared of change as they are in a comfort zone and expect unreasonable changes after the initial demands of lgbt marriage is given . 
  same way people often say `` soon you can marry objects , dead people , children , more wives - if lgbt can marry '' etc. 
  seriously though , who buys shirts ( or clothing in general ) without putting them on even at least once ? 
  even t shirts have different cuts and fabric mixes so you have to see how it fits on your body . 
  this was my army basic training life . 
  everyone was so fed up with 24h rations and their hardship to cook these so most simply ate snickers , mars and other chocolate bars . 
  we were like robots , `` oh a bit hungy ? 
  time to fill up with another snickers , make it double '' . 
  my bag was 20 % snickers that i carried around and if i felt a energy drain i simply downed some snickers bars . 
  welcome my friend , this is how baltics feel about some russian rooted people . 
  first things first , like +95 % are perfectly low biased people but then there are some second or even first generation russian rooted people who curse our country and continue their `` grass greener in russia '' rhetoric . 
  yeah you can have views and all that but seeing some people curse mundande things that the state gives , eg old people getting pensions , while knowing that we the working age citizens are paying for it with our taxes is kind of ... well sometimes it makes you wonder how godly putin and russia must be that things are so perfect there and so bad here according to these people . 
  still also see cars with hammer and cycle memorabilia , sure i get its their sign of supremacy but sometimes seeing the person driving the car with such sings makes me think how would russians react if someone drove through with a swastika in their country ornamented on a car . 
  i remember the day where i disliked quest markers and hated fast travel . 
  slowly though i succumbed to the streamlined game style of the ` future ' . 
  now i find it perfectly ok to jump cut my exploration with fast travel and always have my bearings thanks to a convenient map marker from gps heaven . 
  totally understood , i used the yogpod as a mental crutch during a low period . 
  it feels like therapy , kind of a slow tempo chat and some quick jokes inbetween . 
  i think the novelty of that wears off pretty fast . 
  if you went alone to the bar i would think of it as a little sad . 
  i mean even as a guy i go with at least one buddy , or else it would be ... me in a bar and a expensive drink . 
  i have actually never gone to a pub alone . 
  feels kind of meh , why should i get a drink alone ? 
  girls at least make the night worth , they plan , get their friend ( s ) and have a more eventful night than most guys i would believe . 
  i do have to admit i have seen seldom girls in pubs alone , i have seen them though . 
  guys i have seen usually older folk sitting alone glaring at other people . 
  yeah when i grew up i remember thinking how blindess , deafness are the worst things ever . 
  i never would imagine people would find cures for these . 
  ( and yes i am well aware as an adult that there are different levels of blindness/deafness and very different reasons/versions for both illnesses ), 
  is there a happy ending ? 
  i once saw a beautiful drunk finnish girl , does that count ? 
  ... is she a ... country ... can i like , liberate her ? 
  maybe he slipped on some caffeine and swallowed like a whole bag of columbian coffee by mistake . 
  i know some local clubs where you can hit on men . 
  i hated dark chocolate , read about how much better it is compared to white choclate , started liking it . 
  so technically reading the backstory of the product made it acceptable to me like so many things . 
  i think no one really hated me3 per say . 
  only me3 ending ? 
  me2 was dumbed down ? 
  uhh ... 
  many of the me1 stuff was very clunky to begin with . 
  i don \u00b4 t see it as dumbing down . 
  inventory and loot system , in me1 you got 99 % crap to begin with . 
  me2 turned your loot meaningful with `` end dungeon '' kind of loot of armor pieces or weapons . 
  combat of me1 was like an awkward teenager , didn \u00b4 t know what it was . 
  a `` stand in open fire spells/weapons '' kind of deal or 3rd person cover combat ? 
  me2 was heaps better in terms of fluidity in that regard . 
  maco endless copy-paste world driving missions were probably more repetitive than the shore of me2 mining . 
  only thing that arguably was dumbed down/streamlined was the leveling system although instead of 15 levels of '' +5 % to this and that '' we got 4 levels with each skill having more of an impact when increased . 
  didn \u00b4 t know people even thought me1 was somehow a superior game with less dumbing down . 
  been playing rpg \u00b4 s since baldurs gate , diablo 1 , neverwinter nights etc and me1 felt cluncky to me before me2 was out . 
  maybe the dad was one of those people from infomercials ? 
  only way it can be believable !, 
   while i 'm not opposed to limited-ammo systems , the sniper rifle has such a low capacity that you run out ( or at least i run out ) incredibly quickly ; the first shepard i carried into me2 was an infiltrator i played as very sniper-heavy in me1 , and my play experience from that run soured my opinion of me2 for a long time . 
  it was only when i went through with vanguard that it recovered some . 
  i saw this from another perspective . 
  as you , i played an infiltrator . 
  in me1 i only used my rifle through the game . 
  i didn \u00b4 t need the ability to switch as i was so honed in on this one weapons . 
  in me2 i felt a little bit more challenged , that i had to specialize and gameplay wise , learn to take use of different weapon types as i ran out of ammo . 
  then again , you had to only advance forward to collect ammo for you sniper rifle to get to use it again . 
  lastly snipers began to have some legitimate differences gameplay wise . 
  most of the me1 snipers had a 1-1 .9 shot overheat capacity by default , at least in me2 you had powerful low ammo snipers and a semi-auto sniper that could pop several shots in a row , not just different shades of grey . 
   i think the shared cooldown for powers dramatically decreases their depth and makes using them far less interesting . 
  detonations recovers a small bit of that , but for me only a small bit . 
  increased depth being a wow clone ? 
  where you mash offensive powers and defensive powers when the need comes ? 
  in me2 the depth was increased as you had to plan your power-use depending on the situation . 
  you could not just button mash every power on when the need arised in form of a tough opponent . 
   i hate hate hate fast-recharge health . 
  a hybrid system ( e.g. 
  me1 's shield + health , or me3 's five bars of health ) is fine and in some ways i like it , but me2 's health removes basically 90 % of tension in battles for me . 
  if you make a mistake , you either die almost immediately or you duck into cover and a few seconds later it 's like you never made it ; you rarely have to deal with your fuck ups . 
  well you hate hate fast recharge health . 
  nothing more to say really . 
  i think they tried to balance health regain with increased incoming damage from mobs . 
  so it played into the more cover oriented gameplay where changing positions was a life or death decision . 
  altough, 
   the me2 persuasion system was awful and actively punishes role playing . 
  me3 's was an improvement over me2 , but me1 's was still the most interesting , where you had to actively sacrifice some proficiency in some combat skill to gain persuasion . 
  or the skill that was basically `` spend points on this first or you miss on some game content '' to me ... 
   while the loyalty missions ( well , most of them ) were absolutely top-notch storywise , the main plot was stupid , in its most fundamental plot points ran counter to what my shepard would do , and has effectively zero impact at all on me3 unless you 're in a low ems situation at the end . 
  the suicide mission is outstanding in most respects , but they had to end it with a boss fight out of a shitty b movie instead of something from a sci-fi epic . 
  to me , that boss fight is worse than anything me3 throws at you at the end . 
  well true , it felt kind of childish ( in terms of ingame lore and franchise story wise ) , that they built a `` human '' . 
  same reasoning how they screwed up me3 ending before the dlc . 
  they had a epic fight and gameplay but storywise couldn \u00b4 t kind of wrap it up . 
  still i don \u00b4 t see it as dumbing down per say .
