  handing out material and organizing official gatherings is their right and does n't really harm anyone . 
  sons of odin so far have n't crossed the headlines for any actual violence/harm . 
  i do n't think it died because of climate change , i think it died because of sadness knowing there were so few left and there was no future . 
  1 ) it 's a brand . 
  just like the names `` eu '' and `` nato '' bought ` westerness ' into our country that in turn somewhat promoted investment security and trust , stability economically ` nordic ' is currently a very nice sounding tag . 
  2 ) it 's more or less our ` national goal ' to strive forward , well that and the economical gap between us and the rest of the west/north world but that is a constant goal . 
  it used to be nato , then eu , then euro zone ... now we 're kind of in limbo without it . 
  3 ) finnish proximity and more importantly capital city proximity . 
  while finland is not really `` nordic nordic '' either estonia has too many practical ties with finland that it orientates its goals toward finnish ideals . 
  our newspapers compare stats quite often to finland and a boatload of estonians work in finland . 
  so it 's kind of natural that we want to dip our hands in that ` nordic honeypot ' . 
  hey our people want to work in finland so lets make our country like finland , is the loose principle . 
  another `` thing '' that black & white did is have sound files of most common names . 
  fallout 4 did this kind of thing recently . 
  so in b&w you would enter your name and if it matched a sound file would play on occasion whispering your name . 
  they literally did this to f with you . 
  i am pretty sure my cousins kids will still find a way to break it somehow , they always do . 
  uuuh ... it does show it . 
  look at the monitor on the ground . 
  you can see what he is seeing . 
  some `` doom '' esque monsters charging at him in a pitch black ` room ' . 
  well come on . 
  you have like a squad worth of men in sometimes one room , obviously you will have the most oblivious and homoerotic jokes . 
  i remember in training every night most of the room laughed at calling out stupid stuff anyone did or if there was n't that topic then it was something about sex and to make it extra funny usually the topic turned to gay jokes . 
  we also had pretty ... gay guys there , stereotypical `` gay '' , like women walk , polishing nails , really feminine voice , very very groomed look . 
  i felt like i was being punked the first couple of days . 
  just to put your mind ( who is reading ) at ease people did n't pick on them and usually the squad helped everyone along . 
  you get the literal and figurative shit beaten out of you in training so picking fights among your own squad or platoon was stupid . 
  stop opressing the sidechicks you michiganonist !, 
  yeah i do n't understand either . 
  it was cheezy but we need `` easy '' movies too . 
  i liked the theme of a western , i really liked the steampunk ( even the spider ) and i liked the idea of a `` western james bond '' with gadgets and light humor . 
  i even liked the rehash theme song from the grandfather of soul/funk . 
  it also means the capital of austira in estonian . 
  so you could say `` viin viina viini '' or `` viini viin viina '' etc, 
  a random redditor popping in . 
  i sometimes for my own amusement read russian news , their comment sections were full of `` we knew it , the vote was fixed already , remain won '' before the vote began . 
  so yeah its like rule 34 , there will be a conspiracy for most big events . 
  i dunno , like beer , bonfire , grilled meat , beer , mosquitoes . 
  it 's the night when the sun never sets or sets for a really short time , so besides historic baggage it 's more or less a festival that proclaims a change in weather and the start of a warmer season for real . 
  otherwise its a nice special holiday that the rest of the world does n't have . 
  we get to light bonfires , enjoy food , listen to music and just chill . 
  its usually a `` summer christmas '' type of thing were families or friends come together but there are plenty of festival type events that have local bands playing at . 
  where did he pick it ? 
  video ? 
  i remain, 
  whats the next step ? 
  ass ? 
  i like her . 
  well besides being hot she seems to be one of the `` sane '' performance artists . 
  from the link you can see her other ` performances ' were having naked pictures taken with tourists on the eiffel tower . 
  that seems like an awesome thing tbh , like many tourists days were made probably as they got the shot of the year with them and some hot naked girl . 
  people in those pictures were enjoying the situation and absurdity . 
  so more glory to her , nothing offensive nor hurtful , just controversy that everyone could enjoy . 
  by men !, 
  someone call anita sarkeesian right this minute . 
  it would be unfair and boring to attack lewis if he was behind , however he is not behind . 
  lewis is currently the top dog , he knows the game and he expanded agressively . 
  his science is up , has the most city state allies , has the most troops . 
  sjin and duncan together would probably lose against him . 
  ben seem to understand the game and went full `` army '' in his build . 
  it would be only fair to put lewis back a city or two . 
  then the game is open season , new alliances could open up for the end struggle of the final winner . 
  civilization is a very unfair game , people tend to steamroll other people with alliances or just people who got bad starts . 
  enjoy the banter and backstabbing . 
  i remain, 
  this is n't a lie though . 
  fat people have bigger breasts/chest ( even men , also partly hormones when overeating ) , its not a lie that if a woman loses weight some of the fatty breast tissue also goes down . 
  this is a label that no one really reads as clothes are clothes , you just chuck em into the washer and they come out smelling nice . 
  ok ... in that case i 'll revoke my assesment . 
  well ... our variety then , the bonfire , drink , relax , barbecue kind . 
  finns , latvians , swedes and us . 
  you missed a megaton of civ series !!!!, 
  it 's like yogpods + gameplay + extra salt . 
  seriously , watch this entire channel from front to back :, 
  lewis copied 99,9 % of it from [ mr. hankey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_abuyleyr3k ) when it comes to the idea of a inanimate object and that specific voice , as a homage probably . 
  other than that it was simply face value . 
  what ... the . . hell ... i dl ` ed pokemon go ` illegally ' as it is n't available in my country . 
  for some reason even i have reasonable distance `` sights '' that are considered as pokestops outside my house in a park ~ 1 minute walk , then in the next park ~ 1-2min walk and gyms in my home shopping centeres near my house ~ 3 min walk . 
  are there like hard limits on spots for each town ? 
  as my town is n't `` that '' big with about 500,000 people living here and even random childrens parks get spots . 
  i still have no idea how they generated those , probably somekind of treshold of how many viewed a certain picture or recommended a place in google maps ? 
  maybe larger towns need `` larger monuments '' ? 
  they are lying , people are working on rice fields under our supreme lord commander . 
  only government officials access the internet and spread lies . 
  but would my plan of a infantry general and a tank general assigned to the same front line be viable ? 
  or is it bad in terms of how ai 's battle with armies to split tanks/infantry up ? 
  like will they be oblivious to each other and the tank army will not be getting support from the infantry army ? 
  oh wow cool , pintsel ( `` ts '' is basically `` c '' ) is our word for brush also in estonian . 
  as in what artists use to draw . 
  oh come on , rugby is a contact sport . 
  football , basketball are half contact - you are not allowed to tackle the player himself , you have to go for the ball . 
  in football wings are built/trained for speed and there are similar injuries where people forget the `` half '' part and conclude in concussions , knockouts and similar breaking tibias/fibulas , noses , lost teeth etc. 
  a very famous keeper comes to mind , cech who was a keeper and got a knee to his head . 
  he suffered a skull fracture and played with a protective cap on his head ( or risk death ) for the end of his career . 
  `` funnily '' in his injury game the replacement keeper was also knocked out cold in that game and a field player had to sub as a keeper . 
  scully , not sully . ~ ~, 
  * whistles *, 
  i love this ` kind of new ' things for games , to insert npcs modeled after famous people as themselves . 
  kind of a oxymoron of immersion if you think about it but it works .
