  it 's personal !, 
  one man , one goal , one country , two ridiculously humongous balls, 
  coming soon 2014, 
  well besides the obvious shoehorning and fear mongering naming current politicians hitler i do think putin has some traits as did hitler . 
  1 ) he brought up russian economy by a lot just as during nazi germany hitler managed to bring it up . 
  ironically even one of the main industries was the same . 
  that being military production . 
  during hitler times people got work in the military . 
  putin is also building it up and selling weapons to other countries on a larger scale , one of his boosted revenue sources . 
  2 ) thanks to the economical boom putin has the countries leaders eating out of his hand . 
  he is untouchable more or less . 
  hitler simply used a flawed system to win seats in the german government until his friends where all in power along side him . 
  putin has also quite a steady cabinet . 
  never mind them switching power with medjedev to more or less exploit staying in power . 
  3 ) he has a country behind him and is n't afraid for bold moves . 
  if hitler had stopped with just annexing his neighbors the world would of probably just allowed him not wanting a war . 
  similar situation . 
  europe do n't want to interfere and are allowing a country in 21st century and europe annex territory from their neighbors . 
  so by economical smarts , having a seeming dictatorship or at least been in power on top ( prime minister or president ) for a very long time and not afraid of bold moves i do think he is somewhat a `` good hitler '' based on those traits . 
  i mean again hitler would of been `` good hitler '' , before the war he was considered a very intelligent and inspiring guy by the allies . 
  he would of been if it had n't been for the war and minority killing . 
  having said that i do n't think putin would go any further . 
  getting ukraine is enough . 
  i do think unlike hitler who was more or less blinded by his idea of what germany should be and really worked towards it , sadly too well . 
  i do think putin is also doing this for personal gain . 
  he has been near power all his life and knows how the system works from within . 
  seemingly he and his friends earn quite a lot after putin became president . 
  so unlike hitlers idea of leading germany putin has his mind in the `` right '' place and is doing this for the country and putting enough on the side for his friends , family , future offspring and himself to enjoy . 
  hitler had extremism and country , putin has money and country . 
  i would think they had guards unless ukrainian military superiors are totally slacking on their duties of organizing a schedule . 
  i 'd like to know the exact combat scenario from the survivors . 
  i would guess they were simply overwhelmed , more so unprepared . 
  usually there are at least 2-4 guys up to patrol an area even during peaceful times when making camp just to deter would be looters and other shady people . 
  i would guess they had a sentry pair up . 
  i 'd guess they half ass ` ed their common routine . 
  the spot they picked is probably half the reason they were gotten so easily . 
  never ever camp on an open field with just sparsely spread trees and an occasional bush near the road to cover you . 
  secondly there seems to be no base at all . 
  their perimeter ( at least basing on the vehicle placements and body pictures ) is like an area of 50 meters , probably less . 
  the patrol is n't really any good if the entire sector goes under fire . 
  easy to move an iron sight 2-5 cm to cover the 50 meter area . 
  so yeah i would bet they simply did n't expect anything hoping being military and having apcs is enough to deter any supposed attackers away . 
  it 's fairly easy to break into/attack a camp if you have scouted a camp out well enough ( there are never enough barricades or sentries to deter a well equipped force against doing fast hit and runs on any camp , just the pure human factor of getting dressed and running to position takes time ) . 
  now on superficial information it seems they did n't even set up a proper camp so what are we even talking about . 
  simon is like a badass nerd . 
  looks kind of scruffy , nerdy but speaks with the confidence of a senior cia/kgb agent . 
  `` well the officer pushed us into this bunker and we are drinking tea , i would of been out with the bullets flying but i guess we can sit here '', 
  i think why i love simon is because he does n't do any of this fake * higher pitch voice * * cover news with frantic hand gestures to overplay a situation * , even his substitute did this at certain points . 
  his like fox mulder from x-files , questions the government agents as they hit him . 
  also cool and smooth as fudge . 
  i went to army training and just of of curiosity read my own file . 
  usually i had a smaller file ( most is online anyway ) but this one they managed to compose held my entire medical/development life history . 
  i skimmed through it and suddenly stopped at the words ` funnel chest ' . 
  thus i realized i even have the syndrome . 
  i always thought i had a lesser visible chest but i ca n't really tell if it 's funneled , i did see that the `` sides '' of the pecks stood out more and it kind of evened out in the middle bit on the chest . 
  so not going inward but more of a level headed with the chests general area . 
  so my problem as a child was n't a funnel chest but not being able to grow muscle in the middle part as it was always behind the side areas of the pecks if that makes sense . 
  the thing is i was told that it 's a fairly common ailment ( the milder version of it , i guess i have that ) and the general cure told to me was to basically `` train and eat enough and you wo n't notice it '' . 
  so was this advice given to you ? 
  a simple `` grow out of it '' or `` lets see how it develops and maybe it wo n't be a problem '' ? 
  was a natural way out of it given ? 
  maybe the doctor lied to me and i am blissfully in denial . 
  have you ever become uncomfortable with your own grade of service ? 
  i mean has there ever been a moment where the client had a perfect face & body and outperformed you making you think `` i should be paying him '' . 
  has there ever been some awkward moments ? 
  i would imagine if you stayed for 8 hours and maybe awake 1h not doing anything but talk you would get to awkward talking points or one of those `` why did i mention that !? '', 
  moments . 
  what is the most common compliment people give about you or your service ? 
  has anyone ever said something negative about you upfront ? 
  i always thought i had ocd as a kid . 
  i remember reading that ocd actually is quite common among younger people . 
  did your ocd start more mildly and at an early age ? 
  i remember walking on tiles , touching stuff an even number of times ( usually 2 or 4 ) . 
  also i had to ran up a certain stair before a door closed , this ritual i repeated if i did n't make it . 
  i got severe anxiety every time i could n't complete any of these things or had to divert my thoughts fast to something else . 
  or else i would think of it for quite some time and would suffer more or less mental strain and pain , tiring my self out with the thought of `` i should finish it , it 's simple to finish , it takes no time to finish , i would feel much better '' . 
  at a certain point i got too self conscious as other people ( might ) see me do this stuff and i simply decided that i do n't want to do these `` stupid '' things . 
  so i decided to simply somehow face the anxiety and mental pain of not doing these stuff , hoping it would pass . 
  i battled within my head for probably like 3-6 months ( hard to really tell , ca n't remember now ), 
  probably the hardest thing to get over for me was the touching stuff bit , i pretty much avoided touching stuff at all rather than finish with 1 or 3 . 
  if i finished with an uneven number i kind of `` overcharged '' my brain with thoughts just so the anxiety of not finishing would get drowned out . 
  i find it strange that usually stereotypes in hollywood/media are quite ... well comically simplified but for ocd they are quite similar for all people , even movies nail it quite accurately . 
  have anything in common with what i wrote ? 
  i simply wonder sometimes if i did n't get out of the cycle , would my ocd be worse or is having bad thoughts simply a totally different side of what ocd form one could have and not something you pick up along the way . 
  this post is 3 months old but i must comment . 
  estonians surely were more german sided than soviet sided but you are still skewing your view too heavily . 
  some facts/historical events :, 
  1 ) estonians had a independence war before ww2 . 
  who did they fight ? 
  russians and a little known fact , baltic germans . 
  so the generation that was about 30-50 during ww2 , knew fairly well how germans treat them , also how russians would treat them . 
  2 ) estonia had a mild version of a fascist movement in their nation before ww2 . 
  just to explain , mild in a sense that they used the roman salute and demanded a more militarized state , most were old independence war veterans , later also other members where allowed to join in . 
  what happened to them ? 
  they were deemed to radical and forcefully disbanded/jailed . 
  later the general public more or less agreed with the decision and they never got to set foothold again . 
  3 ) estonia was one of the few countries to allow jewish autonomy within their own country at that time . 
  as a country estonia got mentioned in the golden book for this action . 
  just to expand on your comment estonia did have a very long germanic roots , they actually extend from the eastern crusade times to the 20th century where baltic germans to a certain extent still held the cultural top positions ( obviously as centuries went it became less prominent and also bloodlines mixed ) . 
  estonia did have danish , polish , swedish and russian times also so the rule of the land switched with the cultural elite staying mostly german .
