  i 'll try to be brief . 
  basically estonia gave a choice after 1991 . 
  if you are no blood related to a estonian you have to pass a language test or choose a russian passport . 
  those who did n't want either of those choices got a grey passport by default . 
  they could still travel with that grey passport . 
  i might be wrong but the only thing a regular citizen could do was vote for elections , grey passports could still vote for local elections of a county . 
  again i might mix some terms up and i am not sure if any other smaller differences came from grey passports . 
  this was probably done out of heist as the time was right to try to establish re-independence and out of fright what the then russian minority would be like in terms of voting in new political parties . 
  as i said before having a 30 % minority who some like to be a part of the old su is n't exactly good in re-establishing ones lost country . 
  i gave you the estonian view obviously . 
  a estonian-russian or an estonian or just russian who shares the russian view point or history might give the other perspective . 
  it did disrespect the veterans , russia and our minority but the other side was estonians . 
  in my views veterans can take a blow of moving a statue . 
  it was n't destroyed . 
  russia to this day builds highways and has to relocate some of these statues , granted not the same situation at all but the political mumbo jumbo does n't go on with those ones so i guess they can tolerate certain action . 
  for russians and estonian-russians i would get that they can again understand relocating a statue , as our own country we needed to do this to feel we own the country in some way . 
  besides again , the statue is still standing . 
  we are arguing about veterans over the world feeling disgusted , russia giving us economical sanctions , political backslash , our foreign ministry in russia was overrun and our streets spun a riot - for moving a statue . 
  what if something more harsh happened . 
  what if a local conflict among the ultras began and estonian-russians died . 
  if moving a statue causes this much turmoil what would russia do then ? 
  well i think ukraine gave a few answers . 
  true that . 
  it was a strange political situation . 
  russia gave a strong political and economical response and people took to the streets but even then a lot of russians , estonian common folk stayed at home . 
  at the daytime it was a mostly russian minded crowd with all layers of the population , old , young families , mid-aged . 
  if i remember correctly even that became a little violent as the police got thrown stuff at them . 
  it became more about looting stores and breaking shit at night though . 
  most seemed to be young adults , at least the active looters . 
  hugo boss got raided , kiosks on the street got raided , smaller shops , alcohol stores . 
  they even tried to go into a shop that sold yarn . 
  police did a good job in terms of being non-violent most of the time , the only violent thing they did i believe was those `` pushes '' to clear streets that involved a couple of punches on a person to make them go down and the use of rockets/water/gas . 
  police even asked for volunteers to protect the city as there were n't enough police employed , so i think a couple of hundred ( thousand ? ), 
  people volunteered . 
  still as the force concentrated on the bronze soldier and epicenter it meant the rioters moved to other streets the police was n't on and local businesses got hurt with no police presence they were free to loot . 
  the aftermath was also quite nice as the media who were present got off a lot of photos so high definition flash photos of people with stolen goods in their hand was an easy way to prosecute them . 
  they started ww3 after all . 
  was this the first murder case in canada since like ... ever ? 
  true . 
  i did n't want to prolong my wall of text . 
  as some might notice i at one point was very in to this part of history . 
  i decided to look into how legal the annexation really way . 
  similar situation to ukraine . 
  russia is acting within legal bounds but so many idiotic statements are coming up from their side as well . 
  just take the `` no russian soldiers in ukraine '' as one . 
  de facto you have soldiers saying yes , they are from russia with obvious full military gear and in numbers from thin air if russian side is to believed . 
  de jure just for removing that badge they are `` self defense forces '' . 
  estonians neutrality claim was a farce and fun story of its own . 
  a polish submarine had made its way to tallinn ( do n't ask how , they just showed up one day to surprise of many ) when things started getting heated . 
  in order to stay neutral estonia had to keep that submarine in it 's bay as not to `` help a warring side '' and not interfere . 
  estonia did exactly that , claimed weapons from the crew and stationed its own guard on the submarine . 
  what happened is the fun part . 
  apparently the polish sub did n't exactly want to stay trapped in such a situation , they simply rode off and took the guards placed on the submarine as hostage . 
  the estonians were allowed to leave the sub i think somewhere in sweden or norway or wherever it was . 
  they were n't kept as `` hostage '' in a sense of bound by rope . 
  simply being on a sub you do n't exactly have any power to do anything about the crew who are manning the submarine now do you ? 
  so it was more of a friendly thing among the polish and estonians as they understood the situation . 
  su had their reason to war . 
  estonia was declared in breach of their neutrality by the su for this single event . 
  a new agreement was gotten to station russian troops on estonian soil to basically keep estonia in check . 
  estonia as a small country with little allies at that time or any backup plans other than neutrality agreed . 
  quite many were ready to fight alongside germans as obviously red army was the first to annex estonia . 
  as the saying goes an enemy of your enemy is my friend . 
  besides at that time i am quite sure it was n't a clear cut picture of what germany was doing , again a good example is just how muddy the events can become in ukraine . 
  germany was fighting under the banner of `` getting rid of communism '' in the east and estonia certainly fitted the bill . 
  yeah finland was eerily similar . 
  i think the reason for all this is that russia or su depends on what year are we going by was still looking at it from an imperial `` big brother '' perspective . 
  the lands of the baltics and finland were by russian eyes taken from them while they basically had a civil war . 
  they wanted that buffer zone back or at least that was their official story against the now quite strong germany . 
  they were right though as the west did n't really care for going all in against the baltics and the rest of the countries that got absorbed . 
  well care might be the wrong word , they did n't have the unity or power to oppose it . 
  finland is an excellent point to rely on though showing the the su was n't all that right in the head region . 
  they attacked finland and after ww2 finland was stamped fascist and nazi by the su . 
  to this day some people call finnish people fascist for helping the germans fight in the continuation war . 
  it seriously does look like russias foreign policy is somewhat ... peculiar . 
  attack a nation and after that blame them for being aggressive and not joining the `` good fight '' . 
  this is not how to make friends . 
  for estonia it is a national integrity thing . 
  language has been an important part of our history and ability to remain as a people united . 
  we have survived a shit ton of different countries ( danes , germans , swedes , russians ) along the centuries . 
  the peasants have always managed to remain speaking estonian . 
  as our nation is dying due to negative birth rate we are pulling every string possible to reverse it . 
  making a country officially bilingual wo n't help to integrate . 
  it will mean the country will basically remain divided at least on the language . 
  we allow quite a lot of autonomy for every language already . 
  there are russian schools . 
  any minority in fact can get a state funded school ( if i remember correctly ) here with their own language as the study language . 
  there are russian theaters , russians have their subtitles in cinemas , texts often have russia , estonian , english etc etc. 
  all little things but kind of shows `` estonian only '' does n't really mean that . 
  so you might ask if it is already more or less bi-lingual why not make it official ? 
  well the answer would be that not all things are n't . 
  certain aspects will never be bi-lingual . 
  just take official documents . 
  it would take thousands of dollars/euros/rubles to make everything in two examples and to make sure all the texts and changes to those texts are in both languages . 
  the managing of the country would be hell . 
  we still have a majority of estonians in estonia so there has to be a `` default '' language that everyone knows . 
  even in russia although there are a lot of official or semi-official languages that is just a name , de jure political talk . 
  the real deal is if you go to duma you better know how to speak russian as the guy probably does n't know your local language in your district . 
  i mean how could he , very few can speak over 10 languages or however many there are in russia declared as somewhat official . 
  estonia is a small country , we have really no use to making it even smaller by deluding the official language .
