  i would probably call the police , report it , then call the parking lot owner , also i would check nearby buildings and if they have cameras pointed toward the parking lot , then go inside these businesses and ask for recordings . 
  maybe even search local online second hand sites for my stuff and any contacts . 
  when you look at these map originals in higher resolution you do notice subtle differences . 
  estonians seem to be lighting up ( yellow-green ) a wider area than latvians/lithuanians in every direction . 
  they also light up a slight part of sweden/norway . 
  there is also a very direct `` road '' from the north east to current baltic sea area . 
  for estonians it 's more dark green than for latvians , lithuanians . 
  basically this tells me that finno ugris are quite prevalent but the guys who took the road to left over the pond , modern finns are so genetically apart that they do n't light up on the map anymore . 
  also makes me question how come hungary is in the finnic language group by origin but does not light up in any way under estonia or finland . 
  was our school brutal then or where these groups always premade ? 
  because our classes seat placement was free to choose at the beginning of the year , so friendly groups already sat together closeby of which groups were usually made out of . 
  if you did n't do any work you were seriously called out on or your name was n't included on the assignment by other people . 
  we must of been a brutal class then not to take on freeloaders . 
  for this i never understood this problem as i have read about it . 
  i mean why tolerate ? 
  you had like a group of 4-5 people usually and it was pretty easy to go against those 1-2 arses . 
  i do get the `` extra points for presenting the project '' idea , usually the guy who had to present was chosen on the day of presentation , the process was democratic of teenagers shouting on each other debating who had done the least amount of work , hence having to compensate and present the project . 
  i somehow doubt it was because of wearing out knowing how one of those flooring pvc should look nice for about ~ 10 years ( if polished and waxed ) . 
  now developing a hole is a ... whole different timeframe . 
  even 20 year old heavily used flooring will be intact but look worse for wear . 
  it is more likely that some substance fell on this area and even then it should n't eat through all the layers or it was cut for some reason . 
  still such floors will not develop such big wear holes and through so many layers . 
  the only human made `` walking holes '' that develop in such flooring is usually womens heels . 
  even then its just a embedding and not a broken floor . 
  just you can see how the flooring is kind of `` wrapped '' around the heel marking . 
  i feel like we are at `` this '' moment . 
  the moment where futuristic stuff actually looks like futuristic stuff and not someone trying to emulate futuristic stuff . 
  like cool car designs that actually have a mechanical purpose , not just to make it look `` futuristics '' . 
  now exosuits , smartcars , smartphones etc. 
  this is how i want my future stuff to look like , all clean and spiffy !, 
  `` oh sir i can see your skull clearly open but ... are you ok ? '', 
  because experiencing cold is also kind of cool . 
  clothes are pretty good at keeping you warm . 
  a big blanket sized scarf around your neck and half your head kind of traps the heat in . 
  if you are very peckish you can use creams to protect your face from cold damage . 
  makes you also appreciate warmth , like you get to have legs under blanket type of experience , hot cocoa nights and being inside while the weather is ravaging and cold outside is simply the best relaxing feeling there is , knowing you got your warm tea by your side and a blanket to keep you warm - best cozy time in the winter . 
  at driving school we learned about this . 
  i mean train crossings are made by humans and humans make mistakes . 
  ergo best to make actually sure if there is a train is a quick look . 
  same way with 1 way streets . 
  always check if there is a bmw driver coming from the wrong direction . 
  not trying to be mean but it seems like a filter with some work put into the filters own adjustment . 
  i mean he or she did n't draw individual triangles to make up a replica . 
  so its kind of a ... half-lie that he created this . 
  he used a preexisting drawing by somebody with filter work to create something cool . 
  ca n't be sure either but some areas of the image and triangles are quite ... `` generation ` ish '' . 
  look at the hand joint areas or glove areas or the left shoulder . 
  there are so many tiny triangles that i would be redundant to use them there . 
  like they half `` clip '' into each other while giving little visual effect when the idea was to create vector art type of image . 
  i myself used to convert images to vector art and i can totally understand , even that was hard . 
  some times i zoomed in like 300 % on an image and individually traced every line to get it right as the automatic converter left artifacts in and could n't quite get the image . 
  playing the devils advocate here but i kind of like modern games . 
  i feel like even going by map design there are two different fps games , more free roaming old school ones and semi railshooter , arena battle type of ones . 
  i actually think impact wise i like the right one better . 
  after all half life , half life 2 are the ones on the right . 
  the first call of duty 's were very much like that but also good ( why else start milking the franchise ) . 
  this allowed a lot more resources to put into setpieces and bring more of an emotional connection to each map area , every inch i travelled in half life corridors was probably bunnyhopped through in doom1/2 at quarter the time . 
  the old problem of resources , linear fps shooters in terms of map space but more design put to each area of that map . 
  besides if we were truthful even games like doom had pretty linear paths everyone took in levels , they blocked areas off with keycards , buttons . 
  you had more wiggle room in some spaces but then i remind myself of deus ex and the likes of modern games who also gave you a level and multiple ways of winning that level . 
  what surprises me is that stores sell call of duty , halo stuff other than games . 
  like they branched out . 
  o _ o, 
  we have minecraft stuff here and a lot of youtuber life story books but halo and call of duty ... must be for larger countries . 
  as an adult i had a similar problem . 
  my family never really used quarters when talking about time and somehow it never did come up during school as it was mostly digital time . 
  at one point in life a person i had to work closely with only used quarters to settle meeting times . 
  so for about a week i felt incredibly stupid until i gave up picking it up on the go and googled it to make myself some sort of logical connection how i could remember it . 
  during that week i simply repeated the time back to him to make sure i got it , i was kind of in a state of shock that i somehow missed this universal knowledge and i did n't accept not getting it . 
  i mean i know what quarters are but due to my native language you ca n't really distinguish if quarter to three is quarter before three or quarter past three , it 's kind of is universally agreed upon . 
  so `` at this point i 'm too afraid to ask '' kind of questions are legitimate . 
  it 's not like i could go `` oh i 'm sorry , i do n't understand how to tell time , could you teach me 1st graders knowledge '' would of been a smart question to ask him . 
  thank god for google and i find it still amazing how i got so old and never got in contact with such a language barrier before . 
  i think she kind of asked the question wrongly as it is a valid question if not asked in such a black and white way . 
  sterility comes with age and afaik it is never 0 % unless you are among the low percentage of some very big genetic abnormality or got something cut off . 
  so in a sense people who become sterile can technically have kids with some help or , have them before they become sterile or as people who had sterile kids themselves could have some sort of genetic pattern that caused sterility in their kids . 
  should of asked if there was some sort of genetic or common cause that certain parents could have to cause this in their children . 
  i currently work in a place i have people under me . 
  very simple stuff gets forgotten that they have to do monthly . 
  so i can totally relate to these words about not holding hands . 
  the problem is now as they are adults it sort of is my problem to teach them about responsibility as adults . 
  literally i feel like i am talking to school children as they usually reply with `` uhuhh ... yeah ... i know ... yeah ... uhuh ... sure '' and next month it 's all over again . 
  some people manage to abide it and then some other people do n't in the next month so its like a vicious circle of getting through to some people and then someone else starts forgetting again . 
  well if they found a batch of male hormones among all that hunting and fishing , their female parts would grow an inch or so and they would get certain male characteristics but unless someone of the original bunch was born with the ability to produce sperm they are shit out of luck . 
  or they could find a bunch of frozen sperm and somehow manage to inseminate themselves . 
  over time who knows what genetical abromalities would come out of it , maybe a `` female with sperm '' but until that time , you should have to kill all the male children . 
  op probably meant that `` people are ignorant about reproduction '' as religious town parts are usually more conservative with information , so kids are stupider in that category . 
  no i understand but i kind of knew minecraft had toys , books , i had seen them . 
  i feel kind of a backward slum as i have never seen halo/call of duty toys . 
  someone smart should already figure it out what the hell is it with black holes . 
  ok they are supermassive gravity wells that eat everything up but ... what then ? 
  they grow and grow , our own galaxy will get eaten up but what will be the end result ? 
  a hole billion times bigger than this hole swallowed by a billion times bigger hole and at one point there is this supermass as galaxy itself . 
  then again we are told that galaxies are expanding away from each other as space is stretching at an increased rate ... uhhh ... this is difficult . 
  who wins in the end , massive black holes that make space smaller or expanding space room that makes space bigger ? 
  like will we accelerate near the speed of light as galactic space at one moment and get away from black holes or will the absorbtion speed on black holes be stronger ? 
  during your time with the soviets what was the hardest misconception they had toward you ? 
  i mean was there like a subject you tried to explain to them but they just did n't understand due to their own viewpoint . 
  is this just a greek thing ? 
  i have noticed this from slavic countries to muslim ones .
