  our national moto works well here that is the best meal for a estonian is another estonian . 
  but that is kind of another topic now . 
  i do agree that we still have too many cards with us , transport card if you use public transport and plenty of shop/business cards for discounts . 
  different driving licence card etc. 
  i would like to carry 1 card around . 
  there is fast travel , you `` dose off '' in your thoughts and arrive at the destination saying `` wow that was fast '' or `` i did n't even notice we arrived '' . 
   i suppose as a business you 'd have to register with the government for the access to personal information of your clients an the government chooses what information is actually relevant for each case . 
  do you know if it works like that ? 
  as a citizen i must say i have no idea how it exactly works . 
  i think most if not all of the information is off limits anyway to normal companies and governments own branches/agencies have access to it ( cops , doctors , voting , tax ... people etc ), 
  as a business all you probably get is that you can tie that persons identity as in his id code on the id chip , to whatever service you provide . 
  or just the card with your service , the identity does n't even matter in some cases , just that you have the card with whatver needs to be read off of it . 
  even that has multiple levels of security , there are those random discount cards that simply check if you have a valid member card on that id card , to services that take use of your id card , your pin , pin2 codes . 
  in gaming terms its like valves steam and how valve allowed steamworks as an api platform to develop stuff . 
  they still control the verification but allow everyone to use it as a `` log in to verify you are you '' idea with access to some stuff to integrate your own platform better . 
  a better map of all the locations . 
  remove the lids of bottles and make sure they have those a b c d stickers . 
  what do you mean by decoding , like looking at it ? 
  like do you mean physically `` on the card '' or digitally ? 
  because in essence there is `` nothing '' digitally stored on the card other than crypted keys . 
  well basic info is on there , the same info that is physically written on your card as name , birth of date , gender and ... redundantly your id number that also contains your gender and birth date . 
  the only difference of information digital vs physical is crypto keys that allows access to e services and commutes with government servers ( to get the other part of the crypto key and validate the card for access ) . 
  after that validation is done the service activated is already third party and has nothing to do with id card databases , it probably has its own database . 
  it will get access to nothing important from the card itself . 
  it simply is a `` key '' in the most common sense , whats behind the door is up to the service . 
  the key remains in your pocket ( with the other part of the key being on the governments side to help services make sure that id card is infact unique and made by them and not some copy ) . 
  the concept is really simple actually and works like most online software . 
  here is a good article that explains the systems theoretical flaws ( that imho boils down to human corruption ) :, 
  oh come on , retro glasses ... 
  this sob story has been heard all the time . 
  cs 1.5 sucks , 1.3 the best !, 
  1.6 sucks 1.5 or 1.3 the best !, 
  cs : s sucks , cs1 .6 the best !, 
  etc etc etc, 
  i played cs1.3-1 .6 for the most of my days and finished my cs days with cs : s. 
  there are slight differences to spray patterns and stuff to mostly deal with the addition of phyisics but `` declined greatly '' is something of an overstatement . 
  it is your opinion and this is mine so lets agree to disagree . 
  ahaa , will europeans now mascerade themselves as refugees to get a free holyday cruise ? 
  only have to pay their way back . 
  prob , i do n't actually remember why anymore . 
  i remember reading about stuff like this . 
  what we need is more stuff on screen . 
  like big fights !, 
  the best example is how doom 3 at the time made headlines with graphics but managed to display like 1-5 monsters on screen for most of the game . 
  so at that point i would like our hardware to point in the direction of making realistic phyisic simulations and to put a lot of stuff on the screen to break , kill etc. 
  you could do that but it would be only 1 vote . 
  hardly sufficient if you 're trying to win an election . 
  scaling up does n't also work , you ca n't hold like 1000 people hostage . 
  it would be more efficient to votebuy on the street hoping you will get voted for by undecided people . 
  unless its a train to siberia ... 
  i named mine malaysia airines ... well i do n't think i need to tell you the reason . 
  oh wow cool . 
  i must admit i know quite little about iran . 
  i do know you have oil and you were next to iraq . 
  sadly that is about it . 
  i am sure i heard about iran over the news but that is usually forgotten if the event is small enough . 
  i guess you are a good country then as news usually reports if bad stuff is happening . 
  it looks part movie , part maffia part art shots . 
  also that fat guy has great legs . 
  a lot of the people feel/look like random people at some coffee shop . 
  in the latter half people had more insane expressions , movement shots . 
  ahh this was all over estonian yellow news as the lady he is talking to is well known local russian minded politician yana toom , the third or second ( whos ' counting . . ) right hand of savisaar ( a corrupt tallinn mayor with ties with united russia among others , currently on trial for corruption ) . 
  irony is zhirinovsky made even toom look like a estonias best defense politician . 
  i guess we need politicians like zhiri like we need alex jones or similar figures , they shout out the most radical ideas so others could feel normal . 
  yana is right though and i like how she reimained calm , well not hard with zhiri . 
  we do n't really fear russian conflict but we hate the climate and an aggressive kremlin in other ways at it hurts us and everyone economically when bs like this is going on in the world . 
  we do n't care if you can invade us in 3 days or 3 hours . 
  you can theoretically invade the moon in 1 year , we do n't live in a theoretical world . 
  our defense force has set a realistic goal if there is a war , we are to delay and show the world resistance that we did n't go down silently . 
  so our whole army is built up and trained , to delay and sabotage more or less a la finland did in forests during ww2 . 
  anyway if to debate realistically estonia would probably be german territory as they `` by all right '' conquered us during the crusades to east in 13th century and we belonged in their system for a lot mroe centuries than we were under russia . 
  then there is claim by teutonic knights , poland , denmark , sweden , the pope on some basis ... oh and do n't forget the actual locals that lived and built their homes here long before 13th century . 
  if we go by latest transaction then all is clear . 
  russia itself signed an agreement that gave away estonian territory to estonians . 
  they are pretty damn close and if they donate often i am sure their blood might still be in some containment area and not in use . 
  so they would have to `` win '' the lottery multiple times to dodge the hiv test . 
  there is a thing i 've heard that hiv might show up as long as 5 years after you got it but i do n't know if the bacteria resides in blood among other things . 
  the creativity . 
  the concept is so simple but he keeps you guessing . 
  it 's not funny per say but you just enjoy the spectale and absurdity . 
  i was in thai and `` saw '' an accident . 
  a bus lost its brakes on a steep downward hill and plowed through oncoming traffic , a side of a house and into a electric pole . 
  `` saw '' as in i ran out as the pole went down ( alongside my wifi signal ) and the noise . 
  then a mushed car , a side of a restorant demolished and a bus in a pole . 
  was among the first people there to witness the aftermath . 
  then the police/medics came and started carrying out bodies/wounded . 
  backstory ? 
  but ... but lithuania uses euro 's . 
  you gave her about 2 hour minimum wage worth of cash . 
  i mean ... yes i get it was nice and all and i am in no way meaning to be negative . 
  just it is n't as the story about filipinos making houses of `` trash '' ( most trash is reusable anyway and if not `` dirty trash '' then good to use ) . 
  i remember in training we had tracer rounds ( those flashy seeable bullets ) as every third round in our machine gun belt . 
  we shot them at night , holy hell . 
  like 25 % of the bullets went crazy off target and about 5 % took crazy ricoschets off of ... everything ... trees ... rocks ... ground ( multiple bounces ) , hell i am sure even some birds flew in the way . 
  some even stopped midair and kind of . . `` dropped down '' , probably had their velocity stopped by something and ran out of speed midair . 
  i had no idea guns were as innacurate as that showed and that bullets bounced off of ... everything more or less . 
  i had a feeling only harder surfaces would cause radical bounces . 
  it should n't of have ? 
  we had spare barrels though , it was n't for the overheat but they were akin to jamming due to gas buildup or just gunpowder residue that slowly built up in the barrel . 
  reading some comments it seems tracers are known to be quite inaccurate and used as a `` general '' aim director for yourself or others .
