  has the atmosphere changed drastically ? 
  less movement etc ? 
  how has the town reacted , any special tasks ? 
  any rule changes ? 
  it 's just really eerie how basically your own home town could get shelled one day and you would be asking yourself `` shit , i 'm out of milk but a shell might hit me so i should avoid the store '', 
  at least the soviet era block houses are more or less built like fortresses . 
  shitty quality but they are concrete boxes . 
  so unless you get a direct hit or are near a window at a good angle you are inside a mild bunker in air.better than the usual soft wooden houses at least . 
  well the ` problem ' if i might word it that way is that you asked about `` bad '' areas . 
  we do n't really have `` bad '' bad areas . 
  so if someone is pressed with the question the obvious comes to mind , kopli area , lasnam\u00e4e and downtown streets that are n't walked frequently - well besides the obvious that people can get robbed anywhere if the wrong people happen to be there . 
  as the saying goes , a fool will get beat up even in church . 
  it 's playing on old tropes of bad russians , low income area and other similar ideas . 
  also usually stereotypes lag behind the realistic situation . 
  just out of curiosity i checked crime statistics . 
  i also divided it by district population to get a more valid result . 
  results are :, 
  - lasnam\u00e4e 108 644 / 3573 = 0.032887 ~ 0.033 % ( to be a victim of some `` crime '' ), 
  - city center 48 622 / 5549 = 0.114125 ~ 0.114 %, 
  mustam\u00e4e was my `` control '' as a fairly normal area considered by many . 
  also obviously city center gets all the hassle of foreigners and them losing or getting stuff stolen . 
  so take it like you want . 
  p\u00f5hja tallinn technically is more dangerous than lasnam\u00e4e if going by that idea of population / crimes . 
  the chance of you getting robbed is bigger among the people . 
  still if you look like with money you are most likely to come in contact with crime in city center . 
  city center probably has the most fights also but still a fight is a fight and an aggressive drunk person is an aggressive drunk person anywhere . 
  it is n't something you want to see . 
  so realistically depends if you consider that 0.01 % increase a big deal . 
  obviously i went for crime . 
  there are other factors why one could consider something `` bad '' like the monotone houses of lasnam\u00e4e or mustam\u00e4e or the aids hotspot of estonia being ida-viru area . 
  sources :, 
  well thankfully drawing him is allowed . 
  unless you drew him with a regular tie , not a bowtie . 
  that would also make him pissed probably . 
  this is a fault of our system but since the `` fault '' is the doctors themselves we really ca n't fix it . 
  we do n't have that many to spare and you simply got bad luck in the draw being assigned by one of those `` old school russian types '' that mostly seem more annoyed of you turning up to them , or calling , than actually caring . 
  not to dis , there are plenty of nice happy , cheerful russian speaking family doctors but not all . 
  i myself as an estonian visited one such as mine was sick . 
  i felt like i was in some cia bunker room being ready to be waterboarded , she even could n't speak estonian so i had a hard time communicating , never mind english . 
  she was stern and seemingly was more annoyed that i could n't explain my problem in my broken russian raising her voice and asking a question multiple times . 
  like that was going to freshen my russian skills . 
  so join the train of our health system faults . 
  most of the time it does work and once you find a good doctor she or he will probably stay with you for a long time . 
  it 's kind of sad as seems like peter is n't an ass , it 's just he kind of honestly failed to deliver , he seemed to really want everything to work out . 
  i mean this was a constant thing that he promised the world but he kind of gave half the world and it was all good . 
  with recent things he simply did n't deliver , for once a person is n't `` bad '' . 
  i would believe he honestly thought he could make it , just he did n't -, 
  populous was a legendary game , played it long after the release , still amazed . 
  black & white literally blew my mind , the opening song , sequence to the moment i got a , arguably the smartest ai to this day , pet to control . 
  i was even more blown away as i did n't actually have any idea what b&w as a game was as i simply picked it up as it looked like a cool `` village building game '' , i was already happy with the city building and then they gave me a freaking super ai pet !, 
  fable i personally have n't played but if you make a rpg game that lasts 3 iterations and gets reported as being on the good side , you are doing things right . 
  oh almost forgot , i played dungeon keeper religiously . 
  it was again literally the game i wanted or dreamed on paper as a kid , you were evil for once , you created amazing creatures and you created their homes !, 
  also one of the first rts/fps inbreeds of jumping genres so easily . 
  amazing what happened . 
  this guy had a hit after hit . 
  perhaps he could n't really adapt to the new waves of games and market . 
  i would be happy if he just made b&w 3 or dk3 though . 
  those series need to be continued , i do n't think he owns the licenses anymore though . 
  ofp the game that introduced me to this song/band : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuvwouamz0a, 
  it was so out of the blue in game that to this day i love listening to it . 
  tried it , went for estonia and 7 out of 10 were non asphalt . 
  the answer would be :, 
  1 ) we might consider `` dirt roads '' differently . 
  often these roads are a mix of something , gravel and other type of connecting substance . 
  it 's quite compact and not what you might think of when you hear the word `` dirt road '' . 
  meaning it was purposely made , not simply driven in . 
  i mean there is this : http://www.dreamstime.com/royalty-free-stock-photos-road-field-oilseed-rape-image13447328, 
  and this : http://www.gettyimages.com/detail/photo/young-woman-hitchhiking-high-res-stock-photography/98965376, 
  2 ) low population density and the way housing is done in non-city areas . 
  we have `` villages '' that span kilometers , your neighbor might be like 1km or more away in areas ( not always but it gives a nice example ) . 
  each of these houses requires a connection to main roads and unless you are filthy rich you really do n't need an asphalt road as the usage of that road literally is for you , your family and friends visiting . 
  sometimes the dirtroad itself can wind for 1-3km as the asphalt road placement came after the initial houses had been built by 19th-20th century farmers . 
  so they were n't always founded near traveled highways , paths as one would do now . 
  3 ) obviously costs , we simply built and maintain lines with enough usage . 
  so all the major hubs , the connection routes have well lit , maintained highways and country houses . 
  we are quite budget minded when it comes to this shit as we know we are dirt poor in terms of resources so we have to cut corners . 
  no asphalt road for your house sir and miss !, 
  this probably is n't the case because so many left so many have relatives/family who did this . 
  so unless we want to shoot our own foot most understand . 
  hell we are still doing this and there is no war . 
  as the borders are open a lot work at finland , some stay there etc. 
  only `` bad '' thing i might think of is some older people getting envious that someone managed to escape and it was not them but even then i have n't really heard about it . 
  only thing i have heard is how relatives did escape and the stories usually contain no ill will at all about them . 
  simply a tone of `` wonder what happened , have n't been in contact '' . 
  russia numero uno thing that they hate about us is that we treat our guys who fought on the german side as people and not nazi warcriminals ( unless you were one , i mean we do n't go for stereotypes ) . 
  there is i would consider a well explored understanding ( school history , local movies ) even for estonians who fought under the red army as these guys also mostly got recruited/drafted . 
  i do n't see how we could hate refugees who escaped if we humanize even the fighters . 
  no it is n't . 
  the conflict is or at least was about corruption and overruling peoples general vote . 
  it had a overtone of russia vs western ( eu mostly ) policies as the kick in the nuts was the eu trade agreement that started the general movement off . 
  hence the name , euro maidan . 
  the conflict now is ukraine trying to stabilize and get as much of the country under their governments control , basically a house is burning and they are trying to carry out and stop the fire as fast as possible with as much intact as possible with an emptying tank of water while their shady neighbor is on the other side of the house doing who knows what , maybe throwing in extra fuel in the fire . 
  so no , eu/nato are not end goal per say . 
  russia is propagating this on their side to make the conflict more grandeur . 
  having said that this is n't totally off the table . 
  ukraine might turn back to russia ( doubt it ) or in a decade or so go for eu/nato . 
   soviet victory in world war ii . 
  20 million people lost . 
  allied forces victory of world war ii .
