  they were also weapons that were used for like ... eons probably , altough we cleaned them very thurally each time they were used , every piece separately . 
  we had loads of it in stores so our leads thought why not , lets do it for fire and effect . 
  alternatively the reason could be that it was our first live fire exercise with extensive movement with live ammo infront of each other and in ditches . 
  so it was pretty clear to anyone if they did n't notice the sound of the machine gun , they could see it firing . 
  dunno , probably just counted how many boxes we had of stuff and did a quick divison of machine gun belts divided by ammo types . 
  did n't want to transport it all back and to have a quick fireshow . 
  i remember in our basic we had something like this :d , basically our commanders were sick enough of forest camps that they converted one army vehicle into a proper wooden sauna . 
  it was kind of unreal to step from your stinking moist , dirty army camo into a warm comfortable heated room . 
  made the trip feel like some summer camp and not army training on that day . 
  also our barrack itself had a sauna so usually you took a short 10m sauna trip every day when in homebase . 
  have you ever heard the phrase about any sort of publicity being good publicity ? 
  it really does ring true in certain scenarios . 
  the entire world got to hear the word khazastan through the movie . 
  similar how mcdonalds , coca and many others advertise . 
  they overflow you with branding that when your mind goes blank if you think of a quick way to eat or a fizzy , then your mind probably goes to their brands . 
  so if your mind goes blank on travel plans even that 0,1 % who think about khazastan is a lot more then what they seemingly had . 
  brand awareness is just as important as actual clients . 
  i mean currently trump is winning the election in a similar manner , he gets all the headlines for all the stupid stuff.you might not know many people who would vote for him but still ... somehow is bringing in the votes to win states . 
  ok this is a recent story . 
  i went to a bar/restaurant kind of thing as i had some spare time . 
  as i told my order i also told the lady behind the counter to give me `` some juice '' . 
  i had like 1 second to react but she had already poured the glass full of tomato juice as she opened the cap under the counter and only when she poured i saw what she chose . 
  now i was stuck with the beverage i hated most . 
  i tried to drink it but it tasted sour like the devils anus . 
  my only gameplan was to go to the counter and try to make up a bs story of how the drink was probably gone bad . 
  btw the drinks in that place were amazingly expensive . 
  like 30-40 % of the foods price , that was what half prompted me to do this as one glass of juice should not cost that much anywhere . 
  it ended with the lady going into the kitchen and with a loud voice lambasting me to the staff but at least i got a drink switch . 
  i am sorry for being evil but every establishment should know that 99 % of the population hates tomato juice . 
  how on earth can a shoulder be so ... hairy ... o_o, 
  tegemist on graham phillipsiga . 
  well firstly these monuments have around 0-1 % historic value . 
  they were erected everywhere and as a means for people to gaze upon a true leader , a la north korea style . 
  ukraine should not have 1000 lenin statues across the country . 
  besides as current history is in the making lenin statues , well all soviet era statues , are viewed as russias advertisments ruling ukraine . 
  so i get it why they want to cut down on some of them . 
  not exactly their , `` own own '' history but kind of a semi-proxy ruler . 
  this , this is why i am not that afraid of getting old . 
  at least my brain slowly goes back to `` child stage '' and i get to be exited about video games . 
  who am i ? 
  a person who has an opinion and is free to express it . 
  i 'm not from `` the west '' either . 
  i would say i am in a country between east and west . 
  buffer zone . 
  i stills stand by that these more or less mass produced/ordered lenin statues hold little historic value . 
  as anything in quantity , it loses its value . 
  i used cardboard for this also , i bet it was the same cheap freebie game with minecraft level graphics . 
  it was scary though . 
  the worse thing is you ca n't really `` look away '' in a sense . 
  you are in it and the jumpscares will get you . 
  i immediately tried it on my relative who is deathly afraid of scary movies and when the first painting fell she took the carboard off . 
  does n't really work like that . 
  i do n't know what it is but the first reflex is to look and the jumpscares happen before you can react and close your eyes anyway . 
  it 's like a boardame with awesome graphics and no maths or rule searching as the game does it for you . 
  yeah was amazed , most if not all estonians were either `` dunno or for it '' and most russians almost exactly spoke the same text of `` do sports , its still a drug '' . 
  how on earth is there such a culture gap between people from the same country and such clearly defined mindsets . 
  i do fall in the nah/positive camp . 
  i do n't think weed is any more harmful than alcohol . 
  also would be a great way to attract more business through being a baltic `` amsterdam '' . 
  i have seen weed overusers and alcoholics . 
  i would say the weed overusers at least smell better and 90 % of the time function like humans . 
  alcoholics are more so zoned out ( once the 3rd-4th beer kicks in ) . 
  i have to say overuse on both of these is bad and should not be done but again just like with alcohol most of the population is n't stupid enough to get addicted as badly . 
  as an experiment ( as a person who has little to none finnish knowledge ) i looked up the first article on a finnish news site to see what i understand . 
  i 'll copy the article here and write as i read on what i get from it :, 
  a man from iraq has gotten `` sotarikoksesta '' ( makes no sense ) in finland . 
  the man got a year , 4 months sentence in jail ( vanki-vang so probably prison ) . 
  like what had happened probably ) is ehdollinen ( makes no sense ) , the man was against the sentence , he has something something new . 
  the man was ... taisteli ... what in iraq . 
  there he was ... julkaisi on facebook when the dead ( koolnu , a very old way to say `` dead '' in estonian ) something to save , thereby he was found in some room . 
  it was said that it was . . sotarikos ( again this strange word i have no idea about ) . 
  the man ( h\u00e4pa like h\u00e4da ? 
  to help ? ), 
  did n't try to help nor ( err halvensi reminds me of halb , bad ) something the dead one . 
  the man himself said that he something something julkaisi , and he could n't save the dead guy on time . 
  yeah , his like at least the ceo of drugs incorp . 
  should i scrub more ? 
  is this not normal ? 
  i can see it now . 
  yeah ruumis is `` in a room '' , why on earth do you call it a corpse . 
  :d well then . 
  kass/kassi is a cat or the cat with the ' i suffix , kassi is a bag in finnish ? 
  wilderness cabin ... almost , it means private/bought house . 
  a lot of false friends or what did they call them . 
  k\u00fc\u00fcsi for example i understand was similar to kuus or kuusi ( 6 ) but it mean 's `` fell into the hands '' , `` captured '' or `` got caught '' basically from the word `` k\u00fc\u00fcn '' that means `` nail '' ( on your hand ) . 
  like someone grabbed something by their nails and captured it . 
  it seems you actually have the same word for fingernail `` kynsi '' or our `` k\u00fc\u00fcn '' so it came from that word . 
  tuba is estonian for room , that is true . 
  we call `` suur tuba '' or `` elutuba '' living room that in direct translation is `` big room '' / `` life room '' ( similar to living i suppose ) . 
  just out of interest i checked what was identify in finnish and it gave me `` tunnistaa '' that in return means `` confess '' in estonian ... jesus what has happened to our languages . 
  kind of similar category words of identify , confess but not quite . 
  but yeah i get your logic behind the story but what actually transpired is that some woman let her dog maul someone elses cat to death on their private property . 
  now they are asking for help in identifying this dog owner . 
  not bags and not wilderness cabins . 
  funny how many words are similar but it feels like almost too much is similar so we mistake words for other words and some words that are `` old '' in finnish terms are used in estonian and some words `` old '' in estonian are used regulary in finnish . 
  god damn this stuff is quite interesting . 
  i checked what `` tuvastama '' came from ( as i did n't notice any root words ) and apparently it was a spelling error that turned `` turvastama '' to `` tuvastama '' and it still got used by people starting from 1930 's . 
  turv/turva means defense , support etc , that sort of thing . 
  so basically a made up word . 
  apparently turva has the exact same meaning in finnish .
