  wake up mr.freeman , wake up and smell the ashes . 
  mcapple burger is n't a realistic apple . 
  what ?!, 
  you need to speak up . 
  something loud and crispy is making it hard to hear you . 
  i thought you said you were from us . 
  well enjoy your apple then hipster, 
  you say apple , i say potato, 
  depends on what you are planning to achieve . 
  if it is supposed to look like an incursion by rebels you ca n't really go in all guns blazing in perfect formation with artillery and air support . 
  also i would guess they would n't want to fully take over ukraine . 
  just enough to give breathing space to the rebels to regroup . 
  where are the finno-ugric people ? 
  did turps mess up the `` they were yogscasts '' part ? 
  they were yogpods . 
  checking out the russian media with google translate the other side gives the reasoning of `` ukraine has had many soldiers illegally cross the border , we simply direct them back , this time it was a couple of russian guys '', 
  as for actual evidence of ukrainian soldiers crossing the border besides someone saying they have , ca n't find that . 
  ah ok , he was referring to podcasts in general that were yogscasts and not the yogpods . 
  fair enough . 
  or maybe there is a member with the name sips2, 
  oh damn , i totally blacked out . 
  i did n't even think they could reference to that . 
  it would be too obvious of a `` russia is evil '' mark though . 
  he ca n't allow it . 
  most of his supporters would love it but everyone else would not view kindly on it as russia talks about diplomacy . 
  enemies do shake hands though , shaking hands does n't mean you ca n't backstab someone later . 
  political enemies do it all the time . 
  i would like to know ( and at the same time hope it does n't ) what if the battle reaches mariupol . 
  will we see ua take the defensive position and those opposing bring the fight to the city ? 
  how would they keep their `` ua is evil and bringing bloodshed to people '' idea when they are the ones advancing . 
  no wonder sjin is losing his hair if he has to put up with turps . 
  that was mental torture . 
  ross won the only ball game where the point of the game was to throw the ball as girly/badly as possible . 
  edit : guys , i know it was a hard game , jesus . 
  i have played it . 
  this was supposed to be a joke . 
  he is a ( formerly ) independent reporter from uk that started working for rt. 
  why is he important ? 
  besides his reports he has become infamous as a persona himself . 
  - he has a horrible accent when speaking russian . 
  comparable to someone speaking engrish . 
  - he tripped on a flare trap and thought that he was getting shot , he uploaded it thinking he got a big `` reporter got shot '' story . 
  i think even rt titled it `` reporter shot '' before they realized it was n't bullets that made the sound . 
  ( now the title has been changed ), 
  - he tried to debate locals who to his dismay all turned out to be anti-rebel viewed people in one video , that was quite something to watch, 
  - he got captured and kicked out twice from ukraine , also shown on video, 
  - he still came back to report and now apparently is running in full rebel gear making him a valid target to be shot at, 
  so instead of his reports he managed to be the person in the spotlight most of the time . 
  i like to think of him as as the slightly less confident brother of simon ostrovsky . 
  firstly it 's ukraine , not ukrain . 
  secondly this is one person talking to you . 
  thirdly they are not the poorest people in europe . 
  depends of course how you define ` poor ' but going by gdp per capita , average salaries , minimum salaries there are poorer countries and regions . 
  i want to get your feet on the ground because you seem to take too much from this . 
  i am fairly sure the majority of people in eastern ukraine have access to computers , have phones and have ridden on elevators as they are a fairly common thing in shopping centers and older ones are quite common in taller apartment buildings . 
  i do agree that there are people in the rural regions that probably do live poorer and in more primitive setting but i do urge you to actually check other sources than this girl . 
  the fact that she proclaimed to be the poorest region in europe shows alone she does n't know what she was talking about . 
  not saying all her story was wrong , just calling for reason to google and search for more information . 
  rt : `` russian soldiers fired warning shots and shells , nazi ukrainians jumped in front of bullets and rode into the artillery shells to provoke russia '', 
  that is the point , they can always proclaim everything was fabricated , no one knows a thing , to show were the graves are now . 
  basically do as much damage control as possible and deny everything . 
  if you have big enough of a media coverage people will believe you . 
  it 's not about proof , it 's about world view . 
  some people are so deeply one sided that they would accept anything if it confirms their view . 
  sweden-finland had a military alliance before ww2 . 
  i kind of remember it not working out great last time . 
  `` detailed plans for swedish deployment along finland 's border had been made ten years before , and they were regularly updated in secret contacts between the general staffs of the two countries . 
  however , no formal alliance had been concluded , and a proposed official recognition of cooperative defense of the de-militarized \u00c5land islands had been rebuffed by sweden 's parliament in june 1939 . '', 
  exactly , ussr and germany did n't have a formal alliance either . 
  still they took upon themselves a joint military operation against poland . 
  * `` a military alliance is an agreement between two , or more , military factions ; related to wartime planning , commitments , or contingencies ; such agreements can be both defensive and offensive . 
  military alliances often involve non-military agreements , in addition to their primary purpose . 
  how is my definition or statement in any way wrong ? 
  mvp was a non-aggression pact . 
  mvp secret protocol was a military alliance to use both countries forces to invade and divide poland . 
  sips obviously resorted for the 1999 classical dance move `` white guy sidestep clap '' . 
  magnificent indeed !, 
  that was what half the elite were thinking . 
  in retrospect i think historians kind of narrowed it down . 
  people can correct me but as far as i am aware it came down to three main pillars :, 
  - indoctrination , germany played the `` protect germans '' card very well , used propaganda and had a lot of victories before the campaign in russia . 
  so more people than usually one would expect wanted to fight . 
  - germany actually did have allies and same minded people in leading roles be it italy or croatia . 
  these guys helped with their own arms , troops and geographical territory . 
  also every conquered territory was used to recruit people . 
  a very strict red line was followed of volunteers/conscription . 
  if the region was rebellious conscription was kept low to please the area . 
  - germany actually had plenty of infrastructure and resources , the battles of ww1 were fought on no man lands . 
  the idea to battle civilians and towns was yet to really take hold . 
  germany , even out of a war , had a pretty solid economic base . 
  de jure they were tattered at first ( also at some point hyperinflation for about 2 years ) , de facto they actually had all the needs to restart and go forward . 
  i mean they just had a war , those skills/facilities were mostly intact . 
  the base was there to put them into use again . 
  as for russia it was done with a lot of force . 
  the man of steel did n't get this great name for nothing . 
  besides being unrelenting he was also the person who kicked su from farming to manufacturing . 
  it was done with the deaths and misery of his own nations people that no sane leader would risk with . 
  people were more or less ordered to put down their rakes and pick up hammers to build factories . 
  he used groups of people like chess pieces reforming entire communities , creating new communities just as towns to produce something . 
  this even surprised hitler as he had grown up with russia being a mostly undeveloped/agrarian region and did n't expect them to be able to manufacture so much in so little time .
