  that is when their country is in the news against someone . 
  obviously you hide your faults and report on others . 
  corporate media is n't that simple . 
  as the few minds behind the network do n't have to be patriots of their country . 
  i am fairly sure it was fox who 's owner is n't even american so you ca n't rely on them being pro-american if the candidates in office are n't their minded . 
  still as you said smaller sources and i would n't even trust them . 
  i would simply watch as many pieces to get as many facts as possible and sides , read comments and blog posts on subjects to get a view . 
  also i do n't get your `` the article is 3 years old '' . 
  well it is old propaganda then . 
  i did n't know propaganda loses its value if it 's old . 
  still 3 years ago these were on their front page at some point and reported as news . 
  most of the people working there are still the same . 
  if i missed a question please get back to me . 
  i did n't exactly go point by point . 
  i mean putin could win . 
  simply send in unmarked peace keepers to make sure the results are `` fair '' and i am sure it will happen . 
  your point is true . 
  then again such friction is what the world was afraid off . 
  i mean during ww2 i would n't suggest people waving german flags in russia in support of germany . 
  waving an invaders flag in border regions can be a risky thing . 
  i mean the action of attacking cars and people inside , no comment . 
  obviously false but why they became a target is also understandable . 
  like a red flag for some people . 
  a very weak one at that . 
  a leaked phone call that is more emotion based . 
  `` nuke 8 million people '' is n't exactly a sound or realistic plan . 
  edit : and apparently parts of it are edited so balls to this phone call . 
  if you need to edit parts of it out it loses its legitimacy until the full phone call is heard . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  that is the point . 
  obvious idiotic emotional lash at in a private talk . 
  obviously not something a politician should say at all . 
  my comment on editing is that the question automatically raises what was edited out . 
  obviously i doubt it but just to make an example , not related to this . 
  if i said `` yeah right , like i would kill obama '' and the `` yeah right '' part gets cut out ... again i doubt the message changed much but why cut it out then in the first place ? 
  what was edited ? 
  the phone call is an obvious wrongdoing on timos part . 
  i get the general gist that she was emotional and in a supposed private talk . 
  i mean the plan of nuking 8 million russians is a little ... movie esque , she would nuke her own country . 
  still a politicians should never talk in such a way . 
  if she gets voted in now it obviously shows what ukraine is for . 
  as some commented the possibility is she did it on purpose or does n't really care . 
  supposedly the last time she talked down on the russian population actually made her more popular among some of the voters . 
  as far as i understand people say she wo n't get the votes . 
  she was probably corrupt . 
  i am not sure if the sentence was more of a political play or a realistic idea . 
  usually people do n't support politicians who are corrupt and do n't want them back after they do time in jail . 
  my own country had a long lasting case with a high ranking minister who used his position to basically sell land cheap and take a cut from the deal . 
  he was a very liked minister as he did his job well , generally a likable guy , that one case basically meant people shunned him out . 
  i ca n't remember if he actually did time , i think he was in for some months and lost the trust of everyone after that . 
  seemed like someone basically betrayed him from the inside and he seemed quite pissed about that . 
  so i ca n't see how timo is still a saint to some . 
  the only way i can see her as a saint is if she was made a martyr basically by jailing her and that martyrdom overshadowed the crimes . 
  but again timo seems to be doing a political suicide . 
  if she gets power again then i would say there seems to be a huge gap between ukrainian minded and russian minded people . 
  if ukraine is all well they wo n't vote her in in the future . 
  oh also as you mentioned putin i liked the video where putin in like 2003 or 4 mentioned that he will never invade crimea and it 's such a stupid idea . 
  so i would n't exactly believe putin or his green martians . 
  that 's your answer when someone talks about doing an 8 million people genocide ? 
  i wonder what you think of hitler lol, 
  talking about doing 8 million people genocide is another thing from doing 8 million genocide . 
  many people politicians alike wish to bomb us , same with us politicians wanting to bomb the middle east . 
  rt own boss basically went `` do n't try anything , we will nuke you us '' . 
  hitler was a ok guy in my book , owned a dog and painted . 
  what do you think i think about hitler ? 
  obviously when someone mentions hitler it 's to make an argument based on emotion . 
  there is no way someone mentioning `` nuke these people '' is as methodic as hitler who wrote it in an actual book and called for hate on others in speeches . 
  i would n't exactly call timo hitler just yet or what do you think ? 
  russia did not invade crimea , russia pays for a naval base and sent soldiers there . 
  that is not invasion . 
  and ... even if they did send soldiers to other parts of crimea besides the naval base , it would be perfectly legal under international law because the constitutional president of ukraine asked in a letter to the president of russia to send soldiers to ukraine . 
  does russia also pay for the clearance to block roads , governmental buildings , ukrainian fleet ? 
  i guess there was a sale for russian guns , gun equipment , uniforms and russian navy ships . 
  also i guess all of the people who basically went `` yes i am from russia '' or `` i am with the russian military '' were lying . 
  oh and i guess the trucks they drove that had russian army number plates and were uhh ... sold to them . 
  these green martians truly came from outer space and are not russian military . 
  besides when did the so called `` constitutional president of ukraine '' invite russia to invade ? 
  the letter was 1 of march . 
  so who were the guys in those martian uniforms before the march 1st ? 
  were they time travellers already knowing they are allowed to be there ? 
  :d i guess these guys were martians and suddenly on march the 1st the martians went away and magically the same guys were suddenly russian military . 
  if it was perfectly legal why hide the fact that they were russian military ? 
  if it was perfectly legal why leave a power gap for days and escape the country if you have people in the east or south who support you ? 
  well check wikipedia about narva . 
  the ethnic population 87,6 % estonians 4,1 % other 7 % so 88 % , why lie by a margin of 8 % ? 
  where did they get 96 % , out of thin air ? 
  why not put 99 % or 100 % or 101 % ? 
  maybe we can report with random statistics right ? 
  i mean no sweat just take a guess and put in in an article and claim it as a fact . 
  now imagine if aliens came down on our planet and claimed it as their own by the laws of `` xassajfdashai '' and by those laws they can claim land out of volcanic activity . 
  actually do n't imagine that , it 's stupid . 
  if this is so obviously fake then perhaps explain how it is so obvious to you ? 
  i find the joke comments some times quite well put and satire wise deliver the point much quicker than sometimes writing a paragraph . 
  kind of bring out the essence . 
  the voting system buries the tasteless comments well . 
  besides the jokes are usually short and you can scroll past them to larger paragraphs that usually are written in a more serious tone . 
  that or he is a payed marine and a solider . 
  these guys usually have a very crude sarcastic humor of most dire situations . 
  so i sensed sarcasm and irony in ever sentence . 
  `` naah just a flesh wound , regular stuff '',
