  also be sure to be really really thorough with cleaning active vents . 
  i had taken my old laptop apart for like 5-7 times and still having the problem come back . 
  not until i took actual time and cleaned every nook and cranny of my vent is when i noticed `` oh wow , a lot of dust on these sides that i never bothered as it was difficult to get to and did n't seem to block the vent itself '' . 
  so take part everything you can ( make sure obv you can put it together ) . 
  even parts of the vent that do n't seem to be in the direct way , they matter . 
  now even my old comp runs pretty ok . 
  oh and an extra tip if you have vent holes below your case is to put something under it to raise it . 
  will do wonders with your laptops ability to divert heat . 
  you have a stain on your left leg : u, 
  this is quite underrated i think . 
  awesome soundtrack . 
  [ kingdom of heaven ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02pxqmhiq5o ), 
  also the default tops like : ghostbusters , bttf , indiana jones , jurassic park ; ' i . 
  umm porridge , then that milk soup stuff , whatever it is called in english . 
  also yogurts and ... errr ... kohuke , sweetened curd with a chocolate cover . 
  also a common thing for me was mashed apples with sugar in it . 
  random fruits like carrots or cucumbers . 
  followed by everyday common foods like potatoes , macaroni , noodles , rice etc etc. 
  the thing i believed for a long time as i did n't think hollywood needed to lie on it is the `` beeeeeeeeeeeeeeep '' noise every dying patients hearth monitor makes . 
  apparently this is also false and `` hollywoody '' . 
  what really happens is that the machine would give out signals of irregularities long before this . 
  also this `` beeeeeeeeeeeeep '' sound is n't what most machines would even do . 
  i really did think a long `` beeeeeeeeeeep '' sound would signal a death/near death . 
  i guess it was simply a really easy and learned way for the audience to know when something dramatic was happening . 
  err i did n't do it but i would think basic photoshopping skills . 
  copy all the pictures into your file , cut and shade out anything you do n't want on the picture and then simply put them together into one layer . 
  i would say try to farm hs by leveling your heroes so you get the 2000 = 1hs benefit . 
  because your average of 20-30hs / hr seems low . 
  i think you ascend too fast . 
  you should concentrate on hze and going for lib/siy as this will help you raise your hs per asc . 
  also if you seem to have enough put levels in solomon . 
  then start fishing for mimzee who helps to ease the pain of waiting for gold . 
  so i would say do n't go for 15-20 min ascension , wait it out a little and try to push hze while upg . 
  as other recommended treebeast/samurai and other good enough and cheap damage dealers . 
  i remember playing with 4 people in this way . 
  it helped that we were smaller kids back then so we kind of fit behind one keyboard . 
  with 2 people it was quite fun . 
  a lot of body language and real life `` lets play '' level emoting went on and it was ultra fun . 
  you kind of lost the enjoyment of seeing your victims tears in real time after everyone and their nan got a pc . 
  yes we use electronic voting in conjunction with the ` normal ' booth voting for those who do n't have online access . 
  it works largely due to our x-road ( i think it was called ) basis that allows different kind of systems to interface with our id-cards , that are legally binding . 
  some people do n't even have normal passports as an id-card is a lot easier and useful to carry with you . 
  technically no system is hack proof so there are theoretical problems but so far it has been shown to work and parties that are known to have voters usually get a realistic vote number . 
  also it 's transparent enough that manipulation is something that should be detectable . 
  it is internet based as you simply need an id-card reader and any computer will do with online access . 
  think of a credit card and a simple usb card reader that you can use at your home , its basically how all these systems work . 
  it then identifies your card and asks for your password ( or two ) , and you 're in . 
  voting is simply a more-or-less fancy site with its own protections where you can vote on , that is plugged into the x-road architecture . 
  you have a list of candidates and you click yes on the one you like , easy and simple . 
  i just read a recent article on a local news site that eston kohver was for some reason slightly smiling like `` he knew what was going to happen with him '' but `` he seemed reluctant to speak about it '' , when he was interviewed . 
  this guy probably knew of this for some time now . 
  dressen was working inside the government structures trying to escape to russia . 
  kohver was working from estonian source inside estonia and from russian sources about 30 meters inside russian territory . 
  one of these guys had actual motive and access to documents . 
  the other was probably set up ( unless you know how on earth did fsb knew so well where and when to show up in a random forest ) as kohver personally had no realistic access to any data even in that forest . 
  well just the fact that dressen was inside estonian service with access to documents , data trying to go to russia . 
  kohver was , estonian territory or russian , in a forest with no actual access to documents , data in that location . 
  one was more of a realistic spy than the other . 
  he by most neutral standards was trying to meet someone , only that someone was willing to take him away . 
  the real information leak source should be whoever the guy was going to meet and who got access to whatever kohver was trying to get . 
  that simple pickup could of been arranged a lot deeper inside estonian territory if needed be . 
  think about the real reasoning , the location while important , is not the key . 
  even if he was 500 meters inside estonia , the russian side would say he was in russia and if it was 500 meters inside russia , similar reasoning from estonian side ( it was in some forest ) . 
  the point is that he was most probably set up by his informant , promising some info that was a trap . 
  so the realistic leak is still whoever was his informant ( who might or might not exist ) . 
  the actual data kohver had was 0 . 
  rf used a `` one trick pony '' as such traps will be in the minds of everyone from now on that if some smuggling ring wants a meeting near a border it could be a trap to kidnap agents . 
  the fact if it actually happened 30 meters inside russia or estonia is not important . 
  ( yes de jure important but de facto almost idiotic to prove , both could even arrange mock `` fight scenes '' on their side of the border ), 
  also importantly instead of kohver it could of been any random estonian agent , kohver was not special in a sense as he had no access to russian services . 
  dressen was actually deep inside estonian services . 
  instead of kohver the agent doing the meetup could of been stan , stacy or mike . 
  dressen was unique that russia does not have many dressens , he was trusted and high up . 
  so one was trialed without any crime ( on `` russian territory '' so obviously a `` spy '' without any actual spying ) and one was actually doing something spy like . 
  so in kohvers case the actual `` spy '' was whoever was getting the information to kohver , as kohver or again anyone meeting this informant could of been anyone . 
  well i already replied in my other post but i think one important fact is where we attribute the `` spy '' tag . 
  dressen was an actual spy with access to estonian secret services and trying to fly to moscow ( without any good reason as such service men are 100 % checked if leaving country ), 
  the actual spy in kohvers case was whoever he was trying to meet , someone did the `` spy '' thing and got information without kohver . 
  kohver was simply the so called `` fall guy '' . 
  he was simply an extension of estonian secret services trying to hear the information . 
  the actual spy was whoever got access to the info . 
  its like if dressen was meeting in a forest and estonians would kidnap whoever dressen was meeting . 
  without actually getting dressen . 
  there are thousands of `` will meet spy '' guys and a lot safer meetings places will hence forward be made . 
  well that is a whole other thing agreed . 
  dressen was a lot more useful , he revealed several mi6 and us agents in russia , agent rings even . 
  he probably had quite high access , dressen that is . 
  he is hailed as a hero for this by russian services . 
  estonia got the short end of the stick getting back a fairly low agent on the ladder who was n't really even doing realistic spying , only a meeting with someone who supposedly had information ( for that the cash for the swap and a safety weapon ) . 
  so yeah they will present it as a victory and on some level sure , we got him back but the factual exchange was a loss in terms of who was swapped for who . 
  in a bigger picture it is quite another thing that such agents and actions still exist . 
  we are snooping on each other and its only ok because ... everyone is snooping on each other . 
  kind of a vicious circle . 
  similar reasoning to nuclear arsenals , so `` safe '' because every important country could destroy the entire world so everyone agreed not to use anything . 
  edit2 : also a common estonian trait shines through this case  , we are quite ... whats the right word ... laid back . 
  we have a `` it wo n't happen to me '' attitude on a lot of things . 
  we might have a plan b but a worse plan c is never even imagined . 
  this works ... unless you are dealing with non estonian temperament and kind of politics , then we ca n't predict foul play as we default to the old `` wo n't happen to us '' . 
  such information swaps probably happened before , then we did n't predict the routine change and russia got an awesome show trial . 
  well in actuality russia mobilized too few at first .
