  on that matter , what the hell is the estonian secret service . 
  yes we do have an internal police , kapo or ( defense police ) that is basically our `` fbi '' or `` secret service '' but we do n't have mi6/kgb/cia level secret agents . 
  a country with 1,3 mil people does n't need or really have the capability to manage a meaningful agency . 
  why not accuse of them being finnish agents , is an estonian agent something worse to be ? 
  well mankind sure screwed up somewhere along the lines . 
  we have such destructive and efficient ways to propel metal chunks at each other that it is n't a question about combatant vs combatant anymore . 
  as for the girl i feel sorry for her . 
  i am quite sure she did n't have this in mind and i am sure her own endgame was a peaceful world . 
  same old same old . 
  baltic states holding their rhetoric since 1991 . 
  europe slightly fracturing and having too much red tape and heads to form a united front, 
  russia doing russia, 
  us doing us, 
  while ilves has a nice dream i think its too early to expect europe to amount to much . 
  we need a more solidified europe that could take a couple of decades of the eu evolving ( actually de-evolving is what we need as many countries are too much in their own traditions and world views to unite ) , until we can even expect something new to come of it . 
  russia will probably see putin retire before anything else . 
  obviously you ca n't really target grads when the rudimentary idea behind a grad is the same old katyusha truck of mounting rockets on a platform and aiming them at a general direction . 
  it 's just a bunch of fuel propelling an explosive encased in an aerodynamic shell with trigger mechanisms . 
  unless you have a smart/guided rocket there is no real targeting for long range rockets . 
  heck even guided rockets can fail and not hit the correct target . 
  well if this is n't a western spin and belarus is actually doing these reforms to distance themselves from russia , russia would of lost most of their western border to `` anti-kremlin '' sentiment . 
  well i can agree with putin on principle natos goal should be restraining russia , on ukrainian territory ( on principle , ukraine is n't de jure under protection for sure ) . 
  forgive me for using a hitler analogy but that 's like hitler complaining that anti-german resistance causing damage to the soldiers families by killing their sons in the armies . 
  i suggest looking at `` elders react '' show on youtube and search for episodes where elders play games . 
  you can kind of get an idea what similar generation people feel about certain games . 
  for example they seemed to like gta 5 quite well . 
  how on earth did he not know a `` word of english '' !? 
  mandatory english lessons from first grade/kindergarten and he managed to not take them ? 
  how did he go to college if he had n't passed our mandatory enforced school program ? 
  i for one believe in a world where every single hanar can wear a sweater . 
  in fact i am starting a donation fund for hanar . 
  my paypal is : sweater.for.heater@mail.mail.com , plz donate, 
  think of the hanar children on cold planets !, 
  `` judge , judge !, 
  disqualify , unfair advantage !, 
  i did n't have a dad when growing up ! '', 
  i would browse reddit and create a threat called `` did anyone else notice 99 % of the population is gone ? '', 
  and receive 99 % less comments and upvotes . 
  then be sad :(, 
  i think this is a good answer . 
  the wraths use the physical armor to interact . 
  a loophole of sorts of them giving power to the metal hand and hitting , as their own force of invisibility would be weak . 
  also possibly the old `` elephant in the room '' answer of them having a physical form makes them easier for other book characters to interact with . 
  still kind of a plothole , turning invisible to find frodo would of been helpful . 
  instead of letting their rides screechs and being . . uhh . . visible . 
  oh maybe they could n't ride their hellbeasts ? 
  could they fly on their own ? 
  probably not if they used some beasts . 
  probably some silly scenario happened that history does n't speak about of them trying to mount a hellbeast and going through it without any physical armor to sit on their buttocks . 
  we have much bigger fish to fry !, 
  picture related : http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/you_564512_1481539.gif, 
  well they kind of b-lined though known pockets of ethnic or semi-ethnic russian estonians . 
  making a country does not work like that . 
  `` hey we have a pocket of population in kaliningrad , guess everything between is also russian , herp a derp '', 
  estonia is probably too small so they had to draw a bigger region to troll better/be serious . 
  well your state of mind is not important , all things considered . 
  the statement holds water anyways . 
  besides early childhood dramatic events , seeing your parents in panic etc , can affect you so having to experience what you where a part of as a possible child is still a sardonic twist on life . 
  this mod has received numerous awards and is big enough that this mod is gettings mods of its own and even mods for those mods . 
  i would say its probably one of the best complete mods out there for all games . 
  it has a interesting theme , it adapts that theme fairly well and includes a much harder gameplay overall when compared to m : tw itself . 
  also has more or less completed all the assets it wanted to put ingame and the overall quality is similar ( models , sounds , gameplay , polish etc ) that is often lacking in mods . 
  another thing worth mentioning is that the research behind the content is fairly good . 
  the units and factions act and feel the book/movie counterparts . 
  orc hordes have larger squads of brutal killers , elves are smaller squad sniper archers with fairly good hand-to-hand etc. 
  it really feels like you are in the universe . 
  certain factions can unite to super-states following lotr lore . 
  human lands are more plentiful etc. 
  basically it does n't adapt gameplay to lore . 
  it tries to put lore first and design the gameplay around it . 
  this makes certain factions a lot harder to play as they are by default weaker . 
  sounds like a plot for ocean 14 or something . 
  when they run out of ideas and want to do something ... different . 
  well paul hit the nail on the head and gave a nice , broad overview . 
  more or less i can confirm everything from my subjective view living as an `` estonia-estonian '' . 
  there obviously are problems but not only russian-estonians have problems , estonian-estonians , everyone living here has problems . 
  the wage gap due to language is kind of obvious . 
  it works against estonians also , it 's a well known subject among my friends , `` shit , my russian skills are quite bad , hard to get jobs at some places where it is needed '' . 
  a person who knows estonian/russian will get picked for jobs over a estonian or russian who just knows their mother tongue . 
  so our job market `` discriminates '' against estonians just as well . 
  playing the devils advocate i would say at least they are making gaming mainstream and out in the world . 
  gateway drug to hardcore games . 
  karma tax : have n't played a cod game past mw1 . 
  i played cod 1 like no other though . 
  was fun . 
  i can still hear the grenade, 
  this can be taken as `` they did n't fund developers , they went for a low shot of over-marketing to sell better , instead of a better game that sells itself '' but i think that the idea of simply having enough money to try a humongous media campaign was the idea behind it . 
  there is only that much money you can throw at developers or size the team up . 
  indie games do plenty of innovation without the budget to polish the game up or make it aaa standard . 
  this is n't where the `` throw more money at it '' works , innovation comes from actually needing to innovate . 
  cod has plenty of people who simply are happy buying the same game . 
  so i think the media campaign was just to attract people who do n't game often to gaming in general . 
  not taking anything meaningful away from the developers . 
  also depending on the campaign , those ads everywhere will rack up in costs . 
  oh wow , it is eerie how casually this threat is made . 
  `` well today my city was bombed '' . 
  are you in the city or is it `` your city '' and you are currently residing somewhere safe ? 
  are you in the region of the shelling or on the other safer side ? 
  do you now avoid going to the region , near the airport , they are shelling ? 
  what do people in general on the streets talk about ?
