  this was during a patrol where i had to sit on a hill looking down . 
  hallucinations was something i was expecting but it was pretty freaky when it kicked in . 
  i started seeing tall shadow people going from tree to tree . 
  also the spookiest was whispers near my ear that caused me to freak and immediately look , paranoia kicked in . 
  i obviously knew i was seeing/hearing shit but it was so real that it spooked the hell out of me . 
  i have the same issue . 
  even made a thread but to no avail sadly . 
  what more i had it working on a fresh windows 7 install . 
  then between play sessions windows installed a bunch of automated updates and the gpu was n't taken to use anymore . 
  i tried probably all of the basic fixes like going over the nvidia settings . 
  also did a total wipe of my intel and nvidia drivers , by using ddu . 
  so far no luck . 
  i do n't really want to reinstall windows 7 with everything again . 
  this problem seems like it 's big enough but alas , no fix yet . 
  i guess one could say there 's trouble in terrorist town . 
  i 'll let myself out . 
  maybe the invaders would be like space-usa in infancy like their very first shuttle that they lucked out in developing and decided `` we are so freaking mighty , lets bring space-freedom to everyone ! '', 
  so they would be still fighting with a little better equipment but we could still own them . 
  yes lets divulge into civilization classifications and futurism in a talk about space alien invasions of earth . 
  truly was meant as a serious and debatable topic . 
  i would make a really dark joke about replacing something else but i wo n't make it . 
  this truly was a childhood memory . 
  i think i was a dumb kid as i remember reaching that stage and being like `` oh this game is broken !, 
  oh well ... '' * resetted the cartridge and never played it again *, 
  then a decade later i watched some yt clip and realized you had to flip the monkeys . 
  one of the longest `` oooooooh ... '' moments in my life . 
  oh that gif again that literally gets reposted like every 12 hours . 
  so whats the address , it 's me the nsa boss, 
  right event in the wrong place . 
  obviously i do n't want anyone harmed , i do n't think anyone wants to die , more so as that pilot did , shot down only to be catapulted out and killed . 
  having said that such an event makes law stand . 
  we do have borders and russian federation has been skimming near them for quite some time . 
  now and again it 's a good thing to practically punish those who try cross the red line . 
  laws for the most part help our world run in ordnace , international ones included . 
  then there is the wrong place side of this . 
  for 17 seconds when russia was fighting isis ... 
  i mean come on . 
  talk about a sucker punch . 
  the world was gathering around a campfire singing kumbaya my lord , taking pot shots at isis , the wind for once was blowing in a different direction and boom . 
  i mean we have n't been united against a common enemy since the crusades . 
  i am however waiting for a russia post-putin so i do n't really care for individual events as the ship is purely at the hands of gosbadin putin , jet downed or not . 
  these middle aged men are quite capable , this has been shown during annual war drills . 
  they compensate their lack of stamina with awareness and experience . 
  after all a fight happens when both sides meet , it does n't matter if one side reaches the other faster . 
  most have some sort of transport anyway so your ability to judge and manouver becomes important . 
  every month they have at least one drill so they are probably the best trained ( discarding professional active duty soldiers ) and they have the ability to constantly get new degrees such as explosives , marksmanship etc. 
  i know some defense league members and they are in quite average/good form . 
  no pot bellies to be had . 
  the guy they did the interview with is a well known estonian public figure , actually a comedian so he does have a ... belly . 
  so you figure the program that reads captcha codes is the `` easy part '' and the part bots struggle with is entering a steam menu and copying the key there ? 
  you do n't have to call from an api , you can even have easier starter level macros that simply record clicks on your screen and as long as your steam window is in the same spot it will click that spot on your screen . 
  can someone do a fancy calendar out of these ? 
  the text version is too ... excel . 
  i am too talentless to design anything myself . 
  uhhh ... by the end of the war ... kv tanks my friend were already in use during winter war , you know the attack on finland that started in 1939 more or less alongside ww2 . 
  so the idea that `` by the end of the war they had better tanks as kv 's '' is wrong as they had kv series running from the beginning . 
  from the get go they had kv 's that germans could not penerate head on or even sides or behind . 
  similary how french outmatched most of german tanks with their shell sponges . 
  hell the basic kv1 squadrons with upgraded armor had battles with tigers and the kv1 came up on top ... ( source : http://tankarchives.blogspot.com.ee/2013/09/kv-1-vs-tiger.html ) so again `` could run over german tanks '' is a little bit silly to say . 
  another point was that russia , well the su , was ruled by an iron fisted , self named `` of steel '' or in russian , `` stali-n '' and his gang , who made entire relocated town sized factories to produce war machines . 
  f1-2 is like an interactive adventure book + board game . 
  i mean it took inspiration from games that were basically only text driven games and added an `` interactive gaming board '' in terms of being mostly graphics driven . 
  having said that there is no requirement for you to play it but you can try approaching it from another angle and take it as a board game . 
  play it slowly and use online walkthroughs if stuck ( or having almost completed an area ) to experience as much as you could . 
  a lot of similar style great games to experience as are all the rpgs that use the baldurs gate engine . 
  talking about downvoting kind of is offtopic content do n't you think ? 
  i do get that you edited in after but it kind of became an oxymoron . 
  you talk about the reasons why one should downvote and one of those reasons is `` offtopic content '' as is talking about downvoting in a thread about a song . 
  also the unwritten rule of do n't try to be the `` i told you so '' or `` i know better '' guy ... 
  well this is a common thing when you know the voice and not the face . 
  i also always for some reason pictured rythian as a kind of a mix between sips/strippin . 
  this lean tall scruffy guy . 
  not that a swedish simon is anything bad . 
  i do remember at first ( 3-4 years ago or so ? ), 
  i mixed up lewis and simons personas also . 
  they would fit each others bodies/voices better but obviously i grew used to them by now . 
  oh gawd , i discovered my own family cat after he died . 
  pissed , shat and puked himself . 
  my final thought of not petting him enough , that last night always haunts me . 
  i kind of gave him the regular pat pat , scrub scrub and went my merry way . 
  the second thought is how with one late night my cat went from standing and coming to greet me to totally stiff dead . 
  it was so sad and surreal . 
  i was in thailand while a kings son ( if i remember correctly ) was driving through . 
  it was so idiotically surreal . 
  suddenly the entire busy towns was literally a ghost town with everyone inside and like a cop every 10-20 meters . 
  they ordered everyone inside . 
  i mean the hell ... this guy whoever he was , was simply driving through and they closed everything and had more police than the queen . 
  i jumped into the local 7/11 and bought sum grub and enjoyed the convoy hoping they wo n't shoot me for daring to come out . 
  do n't underestimate people and their ability to find more comfortable routes for mundade tasks . 
  emotion/comfort based actions and logical actions do n't always go hand in hand . 
  that 's semantics/linguistics . 
  languages are really `` alive '' and with time develop . 
  words take on new meanings , certain slang becomes widely used etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure there was even a word for it when a more specific termin becomes used as a description for the whole category as it is more famous , more used . 
  kind of like how people say `` america '' when in fact they are talking about the usa . 
  so as with america/usa , burqa while referring to a more general style was mostly used to describe one specific sort of garment and as people were so used to it started referring to that specific garment when in fact it does not have to be that type of garment . 
  just as people generally assume when saying america you mean usa and are n't talking about the actual americas as in continents . 
  what is it with these movies . 
  first tangerines and now the fencer . 
  also i love how avandi is becoming our robin williams , comedian who now and again , does a ultra serious role .
