  still getting a blast from at least a 85 mm cannon , ww2 or not , is something that they are not meant to withstand . 
  my volvo example was because you are comparing apples to oranges . 
  you pick something that is obviously no match to a btr and proclaim it as a tin can . 
  well obviously ukr wo n't go against well armored tanks that can blast their transports with those vehicles . 
  if that t-34 is spotted i am sure a good hit on the tracks from some hand carried rocket device or even the very same btr cannon would be enough to immobilize it . 
  i mean if that t-34 is operational even . 
  if the mechanics to turn and fire have remained and the various oils in the system to keep the turret/guns moving parts movable have n't vaporated . 
  before all that if they find appropriate ammunition . 
  then the t-34 will not fire a lot of shots before disabling itself in some way . 
  usually people who are radical/unstable join these kind of fights . 
  ukrainians or russian citizens coming to fight in ukraine . 
  ukraine has their right sector guys . 
  russian citizens has people with skewed views who cut off heads and are posing with nazi germany flags . 
  also the element of size of the sample-group comes into play . 
  if you accompany the entire planet there will be very sick people among us , i do n't want everyone destroyed for this reason . 
  same way if you accompany everyone fighting in ukraine i would n't think everyone was as sick as him . 
  i would n't consider that ` surely ' to be 100 % . 
  firstly he has a mac/uzi . 
  if you are expecting the police to have a potential weapons ( traffic cops but you will never know ) , it 's much better to hold your own weapon stable near you to make sure you will hit while engaging at speed . 
  does n't take military knowledge to do that . 
  hard to hold a 3,5 kg weapon with an extended hand ( s ) stably and keep running , more so when you have 2 targets . 
  secondly in a combat area as is eastern ukraine kind of expanding the first point , learning to hold a weapon at the ready is n't really something one should be amazed i would guess . 
  he could of picked that knowledge from anywhere , more so if troops are operating around the area and he has seen how they handle their weapons . 
  or simply personal experience of trying to stabilize a rapidly firing gun in any other way than bringing it closer to the body to absorb the recoil , also easier to aim a heavier weapon on the move . 
  the hand gesture i think only showed a ` international ' `` get down ! '', 
  gesture or were there other hand signals i failed to notice ? 
  i mean he can obviously be military but i do n't think it would be out of the ordinary to see regular guys who do not hold weapons like 80 's movie gangbangers sideways and with a fully extended 1 hand . 
  for a moment i thought why evolution did n't take care of this problem but then i realized ... hands . 
  perfect makeshift pillow . 
  or sleep on your back , that can also work . 
  oh wow pakistan . 
  a truly ` fun ' experience to see the other side of climate . 
  well firstly if you come in september you kind of get to ease into the colder weather as it will still be around 5-15c . 
  the worst thing during winter is probably stronger wind ( doubles the cold felt more or less ) and being out in the cold for longer periods of time without movement ( waiting for someone outside for example ) . 
  there are however ` warm ' winter days with the sun out and no wind so the weather can be different even during winter . 
  for clothes lets start from the top . 
  hats , buy one that covers your ears . 
  ears are probably the worst part to feel cold on . 
  also hoodies are very good during winter . 
  for body either go for some synthetic anti-wind , keeps cold air out jacket or a simple winter jacket . 
  the basic idea is to get something that gives warmth on the inside ( sweater , hoodie for ex . ), 
  and a wind stopper on the outside to catch the cold and wet . 
  also importantly keep your neck covered , another part of the body vulnerable to the elements . 
  either by a scarf or anything in your wardrobe that covers your neck area . 
  for hands most gloves will do . 
  if it is extra cold and you are out for long , cheaper/lighter gloves will let the cold through given enough time . 
  so 90-95 % any gloves will do , 10-5 % you will wish you had warmer gloves . 
  also good luck with smartphones , gloves usually do n't work with touchscreens . 
  pants usually anything will do . 
  most go with jeans as they do a decent job at keeping the cold away . 
  if you are still feeling cold you can go for anything that fits underneath jeans but usually you should n't be . 
  footwear it can get tricky . 
  in most cases you can wear anything with a good sole . 
  most streets in most cases are clear . 
  again the 90-95 % thing . 
  there is that 10-5 % time where you can be slugging through 1-15 cm of pure melting snow that is basically the equivalent of stepping through semi solid water . 
  so the most waterproof and higher the heel collar the better but most of the time you can get away with most shoes that do a decent job at covering your feet . 
  another tip for legs is to get warm socks !, 
  100 % wool socks are amazingly warm and as long as your feet stay reasonably dry you wo n't really need to worry about cold getting through your feet . 
  i think the most important thing is that the winter can be harsh but most of the time they really are n't ( the 80 % -20 % rule applies more or less ) . 
  there can be periods of harshness and you need to put on some extra warm clothes but most of the time it is n't needed . 
  having said that you might catch a extraordinary cold winter ( history shows there are some of these ) so you will never know . 
  ** you 're right about the climate , currently it 35-40 c in pakistan where i live . 
  we normally do n't have much cold here thats why i am being extra cautious . 
  i would guess i have a general idea how people live in 35 c , spent a couple of month in a country with the average temperature around 30-35 c. i avoided the sun like the devil , also the humidity was quite something else i 'm used to back here in estonia . 
  the biggest fun i had was landing in stockholm after bathing in 30c + temperatures and immediately coming into a -10 c weather . 
  i did n't have good winter clothes with me either . 
  i still had a spring jacket but the wind blew straight through me after a while . 
  it was n't meant to stop such temperature from passing through . 
  ** can you tell me about the general etiquette for clothing in winter ? 
  well generally it is pretty simple . 
  firstly in indoor public spaces where you are constantly on the move ( shopping malls , fast trips to some office etc ) people leave all their winter clothes on , maybe unzip or unbutton their jackets , take off their gloves and hats and put them in their pockets , so it would n't be too warm . 
  it is usually nice during winter time to clean your soles at footmats that are placed in front of doors ( if there are any ) . 
  basically step on the mat and rub your shoes against the mat to make sure any excess dirt and wet snow is off the soles . 
  this is something you should do anywhere they have such mats . 
  in public places where you sit down for some time ( pubs , restaurants ) the establishments have clothe racks for you to hang your outer clothes on so you do n't have to wear them indoors . 
  it 's also perfectly fine to take the clothes with you and hang them on the back of the chair you are sitting on or if it is a couch simply place the clothes next to you . 
  some establishments ( hospital , theater , nightclub etc ) usually have special storage places for you to leave your clothes in . 
  basically you give your outer clothes/bags anything you do n't need inside to a worker and they give you a number for you to exchange for your clothes once you need them . 
  a good tip is to put your hat , gloves , scarf and anything else in your sleeve if you want to give them away with your other stuff and ca n't fit them anywhere . 
  fairly fallproof place to cram them into . 
  at someones house you simply step in and once again remove any outer clothes that you do n't want to wear . 
  make sure you wipe your feet again if they have a door mat as the snow that gets stuck to your shoes tends to melt and leaves a mess after a couple of hours if not scrubbed off . 
  it is fairly simple and you will probably learn by seeing as most of this is logical . 
  the basic rule is simply to keep yourself from sweating from warmth . 
  depending on the situation and the ability to keep your clothes somewhere safe remove clothing items as is needed . 
  people usually are quite accustomed and savvy ( lazy ? ), 
  at judging how warm/cold it is and only need to remove their coat . 
  the rest of their clothes are already ok for room temperature . 
  i personally have sometimes simply worn a winter coat + a simple t-shirt underneath if the weather allows it as it 's comfortable to simply take off one item of clothing and be set for the indoor climate . 
  ** like , in winters what do you wear indoors ? 
  indoors it should n't really matter . 
  all buildings have inbuilt heating systems that heat the rooms . 
  so be it winter or summer you can in most cases simply have your t-shirt on . 
  simply remove any excess clothes and enjoy the warmth . 
  again there are possible situations where the heating system does n't transfer the heat equally around the room ( or the door/window is open often ) so you might need something tiny bit warmer than your t-shirt in some places but in general indoor rooms are warm enough . 
  ** if i am wearing heavy snow shoes outside , what should i do when i enter a home ? 
  in 99 % of homes shoes are taken off after you step inside . 
  this is done during all seasons as floors are kept clean . 
  so you will most likely be in your socks so make sure they are clean and do n't have holes in them .
