  i do n't look at my character often but the feeling of checking your char out now and again is a great feeling , the `` i made this '' in virtual reality feeling . 
  also cutscenes are so satisfractory seeing your guy or gal interact with the world . 
  its the equivalent of naming your main something like `` in your butt '' and laughing everytime he interacts with the world . 
  black cab lives matter !, 
  `` i always dreamed to square marden '' - some chinese guy from the movie, 
  ** first of all , how bad is it going to be ? 
  admittedly i 've only seen how basic training is portrayed in american television and videos . 
  i assume it 's not going to be as bad , but i 'd like to know what to expect . 
  it is similar in essence but less dramatic . 
  you get barked orders at and are made to train in classes and through physical activities . 
  usually it really depends on individual leaders who you get how lenient or diehard they are . 
  the worst time imho is forest camps where you are struggling with the elements with the added baggage of having to ` play military ' . 
  ** how are living conditions there ? 
  i.e food , comfort , stuff to do in your spare time , wifi ? 
  ( in particular in the `` vahipataljon '' ) **, 
  i was in the communications and headquarters ( ? ), 
  battalion , i think vahipataljon being in tallinn also has similar conditions , that should be quite good . 
  most used 4g/3g networks and some with better connections created hotspots for others to use . 
  the basic training , eg 3 months you will have little to none spare time . 
  later you will have more spare time . 
  usually i either secrectly used my mobile in my barracks or went to sauna . 
  on some occasions events were organized , for example dance event , cinema , theater , opera , football tournament , basketball , bowling . 
  also we had a `` soliders home '' room where we had ps2 where we had gaming tournaments in mostly tekken , we also watched some champions league matches there . 
  oh and christmas and other holiday events where also celebrated . 
  you also get a city pass nearly every weekend , after the initial 3 months , if you get lucky with a lenient staff so that is something you should prepare for , as you do n't have family here . 
  you can of course stay in the barracks . 
  ** will i be able to survive with below average estonian knowledge ? 
  survive ? 
  sure . 
  people are still human and realize that you are a foreigner , so they will be somewhat lenient . 
  ** aside from what 's recommended in the official guidelines , what 's good thing to take with you ? 
  uhh a watch , a good headlamp with red light and water resistant gloves . 
  also some good fast grub for forest camps , i recommend smoked sausage , easy to eat , clean and easy to carry . 
  ** how easy it is to get kicked out ? 
  and if i do get kicked out will i have to try again next year ? 
  does n't work like that . 
  really hard to get kicked out . 
  usually they will carry you through the service . 
  unless some medical problem comes up you will be there until the end . 
  ** any advice in general ? 
  the guys doing your training are people doing this as a 9 to 5 job . 
  the sooner you realize this the sooner the facade crumbles . 
  its like a brutal masochistic version of a theater show with you having an active part , enjoy it . 
  every single one . 
  inb4 random green men start crossing icelands border . 
  well if you ask dima the green man how he got there he will tell you that he crossed to border for a vacation . 
  well in that case why did n't the whole town turn gay ? 
  i mean we are talking about george michael ... 
  any pictures or video ? 
  for research ... 
  i find texting is heaps better then a call . 
  + information saved, 
  + can respond when you have time, 
  + relatively faster and to the point, 
  + less of a hassle ( mishearing , clearing voice , holding it near you , no fear of `` toilet echo '' or other sounds etc ), 
  + message to multiple people, 
  the only negatives is if you need to ponder on a bigger problem so real time one-on-one conversation speeds things up or if you want to chit chat . 
  like actually `` send '' them ? 
  not just hand out cards with their present ? 
  actually learning new stuff in general . 
  up until a certain age i always wondered how adults know `` adult stuff '' . 
  like they have this general baggage of knowledge about cars and houses and water bills , so adult stuff right . 
  now i understand that most kind of half fake it having heard of it somewhere from someone and the rest of it is a discovery for most people , child or adult . 
  children are just bad liars . 
  i really enjoy going back home and knowing `` this knowledge is now mine , i can do task a and task b better due to knowing this '' . 
  actually now that i think about it as a kid i did n't really appreciate it as much . 
  i know her answer is yes but i would say all things in moderation . 
  gaming is probably the perfect way to get daily stress out . 
  you totally zone out . 
  i remember when i had a tooth ache my medicine was usually to play games ( if i could n't go to the dentist on the same day ) , i knew after like 30 minutes my brain was so focused i forgot the ache . 
  but do n't overdo on relaxation . 
  your tolerance drops and you start getting angry in games also . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diojt15rcy4 nancy on eesti eeee britney spears . 
  kind of like the universal income idea on a more targeted level . 
  give 1000 people who want to try their hand at some idea about a years or half a years worth of budget . 
  yogpods , very heartwarming to listen to , used them on long trips . 
  secondly some ttt content has had me in tears . 
  thirdly xcom streams because i enjoyed the game and the way they played it , also made me like ben . 
  lastly the series they did on game trailers , i wish they brought it back . 
  i would say it has the same essence as the mobile game channel has , as in they have little to no knowledge what the game is about as they review it . 
  uhhh ... 
  i do n't know the exact system but it is n't that ... difficult really . 
  you can connect plenty of input devices . 
  i presume they have their usual recording room setup . 
  meaning 1 bigger monitor ontop and 2 `` gaming stations '' infront of the cameras . 
  so they can duplicate the picture to all 3 monitors and connect 2 wireless keyboards + mice to a single pc . 
  armas, 
  its the best moment in your life to kick a 13 year old and get honors for doing it . 
  the answer to `` would you fight a 100 7 year old 's '' type of rhetorical questions . 
  estonians usual approach drills are to engage target as a line , then use `` roll-over '' moving to displace , meaning the last guy in line takes the first position etc until out of heavier fire . 
  this confuses the target for a bit . 
  usually as we operate in platoons we have another squad nearby , so you could take fire off the main squad and flank if needed . 
  we also practice quite aggressive movement using grenades and charge for flankers and keep it low key for the squad who is supposed to pin down the target to save ammo on blind fire and keep your relative numbers hidden . 
  now if your target is a woman i would advice flanking from the sides , using stun grenades of charm and having a plan b for a quick exit and gathering point . 
  females usually are well camouflaged in terms of looks but they also have fast comm links to radio in on support so be careful when engaging . 
  in fact do n't engage , it 's usually a trap !, 
  or something cool like `` tigermaster '' or `` panzerdong '' or `` germinator '' or or `` das reichmaster '' . 
  true that . 
  even if i go to the grocery store i drop anything i have on my sideseat to the back or on the ground , usually a laptop bag . 
  as for the robbery .
