  we are `` nordic '' in the sense that we are quite ` depressed ' , mostly introverted , personal space and `` bubble '' adoring people . 
  we would probably fit in stockholm and moscow in terms of culture and lifestyle . 
  the drive toward a nordic name is more imago related though . 
  an indirect way to make our country desirable for investors by branding itself as a nordic country . 
  also after finland and scotland we probably are the next country you would consider nordic , i guess there is that . 
  well us or latvia . 
  was n't there some sort of wikileak document showing how a plan to accept all 3 baltic states as full fledged nordic council members ( and not just observers ) was in the making ? 
  anyway i think estonia as a nation and people are kind of accustomed to drive their country towards some bigger goal . 
  we had nato as our goal , we had eu standards and eu acceptance as our goal , then we had euro as our set goal to meet those standards . 
  now we more or less focus on the becoming as nordic as possible politics wise . 
  but for sure , economy is our stepping stone . 
  we really need that `` estonian nokia '' as we have little to none export material that others would want to buy . 
  we are on the right course , we just need more time and keep the rudder in the right direction . 
  trying to be branded nordic and not getting it , probably fits a `` first world problem '' meme . 
  something like : https://i.imgflip.com/dxc5x.jpg, 
  well i see it as my country trusting the citizen of being capable of managing their own databases . 
  instead of me going to some office and that clerk or whatever desk worker he or she might be , asking me the information and filling it for me i am that `` desk worker '' . 
  so far i have filed my taxes , have checked basic information about myself be it my healthcare status or my family doctors name , have started a company in about 1 h - probably would take faster but i needed to think of a name and a couple of other bits , have voted because it was easy and why not vote , filed my own forms for toll fees on a package as the tax was n't payed ( took screenshots of ebay.com order as proof , was kind of funny to think my countries toll services would accept that as reasonable way to confirm an items price ) . 
  probably other stuff i ca n't remember but so far if i needed anything i could always do it either with a phone call , email or from my e-citizen portal . 
  also this opens up wonderful ways to use the system . 
  for example one year we had our population counting partly done by allowing people to fill the questions using that service . 
  so only those who do n't use or have access to computers had to actually have representatives sent to them to confirm their identity and data . 
  are they even trying ? 
  obviously ukrainian nationalists came to their training fields and killed them to enforce their `` russia is sending troops '' lies . 
  well first of all , good question . 
  i would think russia missed their train , in the near future , on incorporating baltic states into the federation . 
  bronze soldier did actually show us , two things . 
  1 ) we have people who are or can become anti-estonian government and riot . 
  but more importantly ,, 
  2 ) what did n't occur . 
  most of the people estonians , russians , estonian-russians , whoever , sat at home . 
  it was probably the worst nationalistic conflict we could have based on a very hot topic of `` occupation monument '' vs `` ww2 pride and honor of parents/veterans '' . 
  most people acted calmly and did n't allow to be ` divided and conquered ' . 
  it also gave our government kind of a `` dry run '' , an exercise of how to act , how to recruit police volunteers and how to manage the town itself during such times . 
  i can understand that the initial order to move it was a very hard decision to be made but after the `` error '' or `` finally they did it '' decision was passed , depending on which side you fell upon the statue staying or not , they acted quite efficiently . 
  the riots were broken up and regular people actually took active part in identifying all the thieves and rioters who did something bad and reported them . 
  so we got a hard lesson but russia had to notice that we managed to come out of it quite unscratched . 
  so our people are thankfully economically ` ok-ish ' , not everyone but we are reaching the stage where we should n't complain ( a lot ) as there are worse off people near us . 
  also `` western brainwashing '' or not , we get another side to the russia media side so we kind of have enough political savvy to know what is happening . 
  i mean our news pieces sometimes take the `` western '' news piece and compare it to the russian one , so we to some degree get an in-between view . 
  final conclusion for me would bet that the bronze soldier event actually showed putin/kremlin that estonia is a lot more strong willed and willing to act than he would like . 
  the bulldogs of europe against kremlin politics , baltic states . 
  i also have to say i have nothing against russians , i just do n't like the constantly similar politics coming from kremlin . 
  now that they got `` their own guy '' on top in form of a crude kgb agent they like to topple world orders and rules . 
  edit : ohmg i did n't notice how long i managed to babble . 
  as an estonian this is what i was thought . 
  basically pre-christianity estonian society lived as different counties . 
  think of greek city states but on a much smaller scale . 
  if there ever was a bigger threat local leaders of each county came together and discussed uniting forces . 
  before 13th century there was a lot of raiding to be done by boats ( we even had our local vikings who , if certain ancient texts are to be trusted , managed to capture a norwegian viking king once ) and by land to the local latgals or vene people , or fight among ourselves . 
  christianity was spread by a crude but simple `` join or die '' mechanic at first , well not always death but paganism was the ancient equivalent of radical islam , more so as estonians showed resistance against them . 
  later basically your rights became mighty small if you were n't a christian so most people were reasonable and accepted a religion if it made their life that much easier . 
  basically like muslims `` allow religious freedom '' only problem is that those of different religion have to pay actual money ( or gold in ancient times ) to keep that right . 
  but the basics was simple , invade with steel and sword , conquer and kill local `` radical pagans '' who resist and start nudging the local peasants towards christianity . 
  once you rule by force its much easier to sway the population . 
  pretty similar concept of the crusades to the holy land , those who fought , kill . 
  those who do n't , start telling them of all the glory christ brings them . 
  the `` oppression '' came because it was the first time the land of estonia came to serve a foreign rule . 
  before we raided and enslaved for our own lands . 
  now we were the ones being enslaved . 
  also every estonian gets thought that we even managed to win one battle against the ancient german tanks , that were the steel dressed men . 
  sadly as told by ancient chronicles , we lost most of the battles . 
  even our local `` king '' / `` william wallace '' figure got killed . 
  so we simply were sitting on our asses for too long and did n't expect some steel train of pain to roll through and we were n't united enough to really fight the germans . 
  experienced raiders as the old estonian people were , too many well equipped germans to face . 
  the j\u00fcri\u00f6\u00f6 \u00fclest\u00f5us is a `` great '' historical event as it caused a big enough chain of events and gave us important information . 
  firstly that the local population , estonians , were n't happy at all and wanted the old ways back of their own free rule . 
  secondly that enough people were brave enough to even attempt such a thing under a common goal of freeing the lands , so a certain `` united people '' front feeling had to be there . 
  we even had our own `` red wedding '' ( got spoiler ) for our local resistance leaders who were invited to discuss peace only to be killed on the spot . 
  kind of a dick move to pull off and think of yourself as a `` holy order '' . 
  also denmark was afraid to keep such a rebellious land and sold us to the german knights order who more or less cut off locals from any kind of self management being afraid of another uprising . 
  the revolution actually lasted a full 2 years as the germans/danes struggled to calm it down . 
  so the wording would be more like `` it brought oppression and slavery to estonians '' and not simply to estonia . 
  as for the effect ? 
  our society as such ceased to exist , we were the serfs of germans . 
  kind of like americans conquered native american people . 
  our only well preserved records are from german and later livonian or `` western '' influenced chronicles who noted the events down that happened during the crusades ( and beyond ) . 
  as someone already said we only managed to truly awake as a nationality or nation in the 19-20th century . 
  we were a very fractured society , well we still had our language and communicated among ourselves even pre-13th century , there is that . 
  so since the 14th century to the 19th locals slowly gained more and more rights as the local upper class mingled with the people of the land . 
  so it took about 500-600 years off farming and slowly getting more educated , more back into ruling our own land to reach for our own nation . 
  at least in our independence war denmark was a big help this time around and gave us support to defeat the red army . 
  in the long run the effects were similar to what other western nations had gained through christianity , a good basis to spread basic education ideas like reading , writing and overall moral education . 
  so in the long run the estonians went from earth worshippers ( as the germans were themselves in the times of the roman empire ) to westernized people . 
  the `` what if '' question is always interesting though . 
  what if estonia had n't been conquered ? 
  i would think a similar scenario to the native people of the americas would of occurred . 
  we more or less would of been happy enough in our ignorance and advanced at our own pace . 
  our cultural/lingual neighbors fins are a good comparison though . 
  they also shared a similar history of being crusaded and taken control over , only in their case instead of germans it was the swedes . 
  so historically it was simply `` that time '' . 
  that right time were some cultures were advanced enough and big enough to start expanding their influence outwards and it was easiest to be done by sword . 
  as was the case european culture started spreading from the mediterranean area and outwards so once germany gained enough savvy and unification from roman ideas , it spread to scandinavia and from there to finland , baltics . 
  by that time russia itself was advanced enough on their side of the land that their culture grew strong to oppose the one coming from the west and behold , we are in the 21st century and still struggling with the same baggage of trying to enforce our ideas on other regions . 
  so yes your friend is right , it brought slavery/oppression but as we have one string of history for everyone , it also obviously brought us forward to the 21st century . 
  i mean the concept is the same everywhere , this is how it was done . 
  even germany unified their regions by battling each other , rus people unified as they battled among each other . 
  this makes sense . 
  i mean you ca n't be on vacation 24/7 in ukraine . 
  you have to do some climate research using warships once in a while .
