  i think simon is a little angry at the russian side and finds it harder to get comments . 
  i think at one point he actually had to run with pro-russians shouting `` stop or i will shoot '' in one of his vice reports . 
  he has been denied by pro-russian troops to go to places and in general ukrainian side has taken the overall idea of `` press ? 
  while russia has taken the stance of `` press ? 
  give us your ( flash ) card or simply no comment ! '', 
  so understandably one side has started getting more coverage . 
  well are n't they pro-russian ? 
  i remember some ukrainian military were on the ukrainian side and on the other side it was the russian minded side by process of elimination . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  well in our shit baltic state average estonian seems to be a bit better off than the average russian . 
  if estonia is shit by that standard i do n't know what russia is . 
  well i was n't the official who made such comments for me to comment on . 
  i went by average as you yourself pointed out i ca n't speak for everyone . 
  i would guess the standard of living edges around that average , why call it an average ? 
  inferiority ? 
  has n't anyone told you size does n't matter . 
  if you think the most important thing about a person is that he is from big russia or america then i am sorry for you . 
  if you did n't know europe is n't exactly made of big chunky countries either and smaller countries are a lot more well off than some bigger ones . 
  i am actually quite glad we have a country called estonia or lithuania or latvia . 
  many groups of people have to form some sort of federation with a bigger big brother and lose their identity . 
  it is quite a feat to have a nation with only 1 million people . 
  minimum wage :, 
  estonia :, 
  10 years ago it was 138.05 eur, 
  now in estonia it 's 355 eur, 
  2014 average wage is 930 eur, 
  10 years ago it was 53,7 eur, 
  russia now it is 115 eur, 
  2014 average wage is 614 eur, 
  i wo n't comment . 
  if you ca n't buy food on your table i do n't think `` other values '' are that important . 
  will you bring back confrontation ? 
  i mean you do n't have to make it a `` 9.1 confrontation patch '' as the main patch tagline . 
  simply ninja it in with one point being `` reintroduced confrontation for those who liked it '' as it is optional and some people seemed to like it including myself . 
  hi ectar , quasar and obirian . 
  how about you make a randomly generated city map . 
  pre-defined set pieces that get put in places randomly . 
  it could be very edgy and fun as players would n't learn just one strategy for every map . 
  the balance can be achieved by mirroring the map more or less . 
  those doing the beating usually know fairly well what injuries to make . 
  the general notion is to beat someone up , then let him mostly heal and release him if needed . 
  not saying that he was brutally beaten but part of the time could of been used to make sure he healed up so he would n't have anything to show . 
  also it was more of a roughing up granted but it still involved him taking kicks or punches . 
  so the act of kicking or beating was involved to rough him up . 
  also to reply to agnesua `` sort of '' is a form of expression . 
  sort of is n't always `` doubt '' but can be translated as `` somewhat '' . 
  so he agreed he did n't get it that bad but he still got roughed up as babywookie described . 
  i find it ironic how simon went from reporting news to becoming news . 
  although for dire reasons . 
  the pro-russian mayor is doing himself no good making martyrs . 
  hope simon can manage to go back though , such an event will probably make him jumpy and on edge now . 
  quite ironic how the first thing that canadian news reporter did was an interview . 
  a man has been kidnapped for 4 days and the first thought is obviously his career and news piece . 
  simon was probably thinking `` oh god i hate what this job does to people '' but at the same time understood and gave a small story for him . 
  also simon usually has this `` shaggy '' 7 day beard look to him so he did n't look bad at all after 4 days of good old fashioned backroom questioning and torture . 
  well he did get to clean up but still . 
  this guy can go through a warzone and still come out with the same beard and look on his face . 
  yeah i mean i get the point he did and it is strange but on the other hand you can see how people could make it to the government building like that . 
  we only saw him get off the car once to speak to a , no offense intended , slightly tipsy guy in adidas . 
  then he spoke from the car window and what looked like drove rest of the way . 
  besides i am pretty sure most of the ` green men ' would know pretty well where the building is located . 
  not that hard to look up such locations to avoid contact with people who might oppose them . 
  once he arrived he did n't assume offensive posture , was alone + camera pointed at him and was confronted after coming out of the building . 
  so it did n't really seem like an ` attack on governmental building ' . 
  so a slightly strange scenario to asses local security . 
  i am sorry but this is stupid . 
  swear words are n't a constant and there are grey areas . 
  people who have an iq of 70 and up will find a way to insult other people . 
  george carlin had quite a good routine on swear words ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbzhpf3sqxq ), 
  i think simon is n't in ukraine currently . 
  he probably is getting his marbles together after the ordeal . 
  that is just ... i do n't know what to say . 
  if ` green men ' ca n't even use google or scout out a position in civilian clothing before storming it ... god save us all . 
  i get the gist of it that the end goal should be a unified earth in some manner . 
  no block system be it east or west , third world or first . 
  then again we have to consider that we are human . 
  less than 100 years ago most of the world was at war . 
  we still have a lot of wars . 
  the real problem is de jure we get along , de facto we do n't like to do things as we discuss . 
  take `` neutrality '' for example during ww2 . 
  germans staged a border assault incident claiming poland was an aggressor and soviet union staged mainila to start the winter war . 
  de jure everyone accepted neutrality but de facto a simple lie was used to get past that . 
  same way no one really wanted to help finland nor any other country in eastern europe . 
  de jure everyone agreed it was wrong but understandably de facto no one really wanted to do anything . 
  again understandable as everyone was protecting their own people and mindless wars were n't the best thing to engage on the name of others . 
  again same reason why hitler and stalin was let to take over countries . 
  nato is again another try to close the gap between de facto and de jure . 
  if we have an actual standing army and promise to no matter what protect the members perhaps , perhaps we can avoid inner conflict . 
  irony at its best , prepare for war if you want peace . 
  but alas again politics take center stage and regions like ukraine become a hotbed of conflict . 
  it 's this stupid bickering between us , eu and russia dragging the rest of the world in , to this childish fight . 
  `` no this is ours '' `` no you ca n't take it ! '', 
  `` no it 's ours ! '' . 
  at least eu did away with inner borders allowing free travel and to get past this ageing idea of nations and borders . 
  east blames west , west blames east and we throw logs in the fire . 
  thankfully in some sense eu are too invested in russia to call quitsies and the other way around . 
  us is soft and wo n't back down , russia makes strong moves and wo n't back down , eu is the on-the-spot referee trying to please both sides while not knowing what to exactly do . 
  rest of the world who is n't invested in eu region does n't really care that much . 
  the fun will only continue in the future when india/china really get going . 
  eu , us and russia will take the back seat in world governing if nothing major happens before .
