  so at first the meaning was to `` extra support '' or `` make double sure '' kind of idea for the word . 
  tunnistaa or tunnista in estonian has the exact same origin from `` tunne '' ( feeling ) so in direct translation `` express feelings '' or something that sort , like `` feel ! '', 
  given out as an order to someone . 
  ok i 'll just end this now . 
  this is like a wikipedia trip , too much cool information to process . 
  might take up on some finnish courses . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4qqkshxucc ? 
  i remember being in thai during some of these revolts . 
  casually i was reading how 100,000 's of people are revolting , burning cars , businesses , throwing stuff . 
  watched pictures and then it dawned on me . 
  holy hell , i was in thai and i was going to that exact area to fly out of the country . 
  i read it in a very casual and usual manner of `` some foreign country is revolting '' and it did n't click as it was just some random article i clicked `` next '' on . 
  thankfully the exact street and area , while a `` no go zone '' was completely clear . 
  i was already making up plans on how i am supposed to escape with my travel luggage when a army of 100,000 people came to sight . 
  i went through this phase . 
  i would say it 's basically our brain forcefully picking up on how games are built up . 
  i mean the innocent days of being a 9-16 year old are over . 
  you grasp the idea of when a game puts you on copy-paste repeat sidequests or feeds to enemy after enemy just to drag a game along or you get stuck in a stupidly trope heavy story that drags on and you have heard a thousand times before , in some similar form in another game , who might of done it better . 
  nowadays instead of playing 100 hours i pick up a title and i kind of guess on the 1 hour what the next 99 hours are going to be . 
  i get what the gimmicks are that are supposed to appeal for that specific game right off the bat . 
  my brains goes in this `` meta datamine '' process and translates the game for me . 
  i do n't what this but it does it without asking , it breaks the `` illusion '' of immersion in some sense . 
  not exactly that but it kind of does not allow me to be childfully oblivious . 
  someone had a perfect comparison in terms of movies , i for the love of me ca n't watch action movies anymore as they feel kind of bland , boring . 
  i do have to say fury road did break the mold and made me jittery and gleeful like a small baby , that was awesome but the rest of the stuff feels like copy-paste hollywood stuff , seen it all , too tropey basically . 
  same way i feel about most games , they used to be all more exiting but now i can translate pretty fast what appeals to me . 
  i need more substance and story or unique gameplay , that something extra that would not let me grind hours upon hours as i used to . 
  now i 'm left `` gaming '' heartstone as it brings me enough unique gameplay experiences , that i do n't get bored of it and can enjoy the old but good `` easy to learn , hard to master '' learning cruve . 
  also love that the `` world '' is presistent and you get to collect cards . 
  as for tips again someone already gave it but i would also advocate limiting your gaming time . 
  i go to practice and work so my time is already limited so that gives me extra joy of relaxation when i game . 
  some time ago i thought about making my own version of this `` rpg system '' . 
  some kind of easy schedule to make myself learn stuff and reward myself with mini rewards and build up towards a bigger goal . 
  morrowind - the only game where i got lost by the directions the game gave me . 
  then proceeded to go to the local pub in hopes of help with some directions , approahed the first person and he happened to know the guy and gave me better directions . 
  to this day i remember my thoughts `` wow this is like what would happen in ... real life . . i got lost , asked for directions from a local and he actually knew the guy '', 
  special forces , also anti-corruption units usually wear some sort of mask . 
  for one reason their identities need to be hidden when working as if they were known publicly it would reach them and their families in private life . 
  as we all known their work causes a lot of friction with people who already do n't play fair , so no direct revenge . 
  secondly not less important is an easy and cheap method for extra protection . 
  it protects from most dangers involved in close quarters as are stuff thrown at you and provides some basic form of protection from dust , gas , smoke etc. 
  also probably intimidation of not seeing no emotion and not being able to read your opponent , also important as the cop is trying to talk you into surrender and must seem stronger . 
  i still do n't know how one should eat kiwis actually . 
  i always ate them by halving them and using a spoon . 
  only recently i saw someone use the `` watermelon '' method of chowing in on the side with their mouth and boring until the skin is left , that seemed weird to me . 
  oh actually i have something that i think no one does . 
  i really really used to like black bread and ketchup . 
  so much that i sometimes took an entire loaf of bread and put ketchup on the side as dip sauce and ate and ate until the whole bread was gone . 
  she tries to cover herself up but it 's too late , i 've seen it all . 
  it 's basically skewing your opponents argument with your own views that makes it weaker to refute . 
  like you create an argument of `` straw '' that is easy to push over . 
  like `` a says he does n't like sports '', 
  `` i as b , say people who are n't into sports are pussies '', 
  `` therefore i say a is being a total pussy for not liking sports '', 
  so you kind of address a 's point but you skew it with your own view and come to the conclusion from your own argument . 
  politicians numero uno debate trick to misrepresent the opposing argument and then addressing their own argument and not letting the other one correct him . 
  it 's the debate equivalent of telling a half lie . 
  what did you do , like what was the daily schedule ? 
  did you work 9 to 5 inside the camp , dusk til dawn ? 
  was there `` military '' schedule of lights out and strict times for each cabin to eat ? 
  or did you just sleep , eat and for a lack of a better word procastinate ? 
  was there any ability for entertainment , like music , newspapers , any sort of joy during that time ? 
  where the childen given toys ? 
  second question is how certain were you what was happening ? 
  like inside the camp did you know about auswitch , do you know that people are being worked to death ? 
  or was it `` someone said '' kind of talk that no one was really certain . 
  did you and most of your compatriots knows their fate and the place they were or was it some kind of mystical `` prison/work camp '' and you were at that , did n't really want to know more and lived day by day ? 
  i need a eli5 or better yet eli13 so a little bit more information but still accessible . 
  well putin for one probably has multiple money trails that all get their share for their part so if one cog in the machine starts acting up it is pretty easy to replace him and make him as an example ( why would you want to though , you are simply a middle man and the probability of being caught is very slim as you can claim ignorance ) . 
  secondly the bigger cogs who get to hold some amounts of these end-funds have to show this money as being `` legally '' there through some front company so they ca n't just close the company and take everything out . 
  that takes time to file papers , start slowing getting money out and by that time the people in suits are by your door or you families asking `` gosbodin dimitri , why are you shuffling funds around with mr.putins money ? '' . 
  i mean the actual money is still in some bank under some company name and you usually ca n't simply ask `` oh hello , i would like to take out 1 billion '' from a bank . 
  so in some sort of crude irony the actual laws would come to protect . 
  you ca n't `` run away '' as the offshore bank would probably protect its client ( who gives them money ) and not the middle or end guy who gets to hold the money . 
  as you hear/read from the mails the banks who deal with offshore know perfectly well what the scheme is and they are n't going to allow some small cog or middle cog to mess the system up . 
  collage ... 
  i remember the last time 6 % of our population turned up to an event ... it was a. . metallica concert . 
  ( estonian ), 
  i went in drunk and it seemed like the best idea to see 50 shades with my friend ( who was also drunk ) . 
  i must say i found the movie hilarious in such state as the sex scenes were so akward and they tried to film something that is `` artsy '' enough but also softcore porn . 
  it felt funny akward at least . 
  also `` love my like you '' do is the best guilty song for a guy , so it was like the best part of the movie hearing that . 
  this seems like the ultimate movie with plot twist bonanza . 
  naxx will lose value as you correctly understood , the cards you get wo n't be usable in standard . 
  the `` inside knowledge '' here is that it is still a great buy now for collectioners ( that are probably 99 % of the people playing hs ) . 
  you will get great value right now rather than later crafting each card , also a great single player adventure . 
  so the value is still there . 
  yeah , i 'm all for realistic views but i do n't think estonia is that backward . 
  old people are afraid for reasons , they are old and it is unfamiliar . 
  25 years ago i would say 99 % had n't even seen a black person . 
  heck , even 15 years ago it was a rare sight , so rare that people actually chatted about it as it was some event . 
  `` oh hi jake , i saw a black man the other day ! '', 
  `` really ?! where ? '', 
  reminds me of that `` meet a black person '' video , `` mum !, 
  come here !, 
  there 's as black guy down here ! '', 
  anyhuu kaur kender is probably our `` edgy guy '' who likes to push borders . 
  i mean i get the `` fight the government and popo 's '' but it seems a little one sided , well actually , as he is outspoken it has the correct amount of salt you would guess to get . 
  we have other outspoken artists and free thinkers . 
  juku-kalle comes to mind who made t-shirts with the signs `` commies into the oven ! '',
