   there are oodles and oodles of just little things that pile up to a lot of immersion-breaking and frustration . 
  for example , being locked out of half your ship at the start of the game , until you pick everyone up . 
  ( i guess the illusive man knows everyone will join you because he already got in contact with them all , and gave them keys to your ship . ), 
  or the loading screens that show up as you move floor-to-floor in the normandy . 
  or the fact that the `` press ___ to end the mission '' little banners that show up when you 're done with a mission and can go back to the normandy can show up while you 're in dialogue , blocking your view of the dialogue wheel ; for extra points , pressing ___ in that context is ignored iirc . 
  again not sure how it is dumbing anything down but minor gripes . 
  at least no more elevator rides of doom . 
  i do admit the elevator rides were a really good idea until you `` noticed them '' and they started to get boring and longated . 
  a loading screen would of cut down on load times . 
  i did like them as a default place where your teammates chatted . 
  but minor gripes kind of followed you in me1 that broke immersion , i learned about me becoming the ship captain by pressing the galaxy map and reading the god damn tool tip ... oh you are not yet the ships captain ? 
  oh boohooo first act big reveal of you becoming one broken . 
   the controls are obnoxious for a pc game , particularly the `` do everything but what i want '' button . 
  this is the button that runs past cover when you want to enter it , enters cover when you want to run past it , etc. , which was created because apparently someone put the relevant programmer 's keyboard through a buzz saw and the programmer just decided `` well i guess this is how many keys keyboards have nowadays . '', 
  less sarcastically , presumably this is a lazy console port , like how if you change the keybindings the `` press ___ to ____ '' messages do n't change . 
  can \u00b4 t say i experienced control problems in any of the 3 games . 
   you mentioned the citadel , but i 'll also call that out explicitly . 
  the me1 citadel was awe-inspiring . 
  the me2 citadel was barely more interesting than a trip to my local mall . 
  me1 citadel was the first time you went there ... by default it would be very hard to surprise you again with awe . 
  me2 citadel went for the areas you hadn \u00b4 t been to . 
  also side missions took you to `` dungeon '' areas where you could experience wards and other areas or get the visual feel of the place . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it was supposed to be the main area of me2 as it was for me1 . 
  feels really \u00b4 modern \u00b4 . 
  like all the staples are there already . 
  ads everywhere , cars everywhere , doubledeckers , coats as `` outside wear '' choice for clothing to look kind of classy . 
  we haven \u00b4 t advanced that much , better cars and better ads . 
  well thanks for a lengthy reply , your points are sound and valid . 
  i think we have different ways of thinking on how we view me1 and me2 , simply a matter of taste and our general ideal gameplay either suits me1 or me2 more . 
  i see choice where you see little to none and other way around , as was shown in skill use example . 
  you preferred one op skill that you constantly used while i seemingly used them according to situations . 
  might be because of what class we played . 
  as for citadel i became bored of it pretty fast . 
  it felt `` fake big '' like walkways of infinity and empty spaces , corridors with little point besides the logical connection of areas . 
  i actually liked me2 location hubs as i could jump to different feeling and designed areas . 
  i could imagine it perfectly well that they used so called `` movie magic '' and cut to areas with travel screens to skip simply running through corridors that are populated by default dialogue npcs . 
  oh as for loading screens instead of natural ... elevator rides for example , i think the added touch of seeing what transit type or what was going on while it was loading was a very nice touch . 
  i was shown what travel happened to where so if i was in omega i could see that the next level was taking me to the downward tip of the mining world . 
  to me it added a lot of rpg \u00b4 ish elements . 
  i wasn \u00b4 t just loading into some level in cyber space . 
  i could see that the designer/writer had thought out where the next location was taking place in that world . 
  i already knew it was a more lawless place as it was away from the main colony hub . 
  so most of the minuses i don \u00b4 t really consider minuses but i do see what your point is and i can see how it can be thought that way also . 
  oh and as for the stuff about missing game content . 
  yes i enjoy rpg \u00b4 s exactly for that point of missing out on content , silly as it might sound . 
  having realistic choice . 
  still for exactly the reason you pointed out , `` speech '' options are something that are a must for me in games . 
  so kind of an oxymoron but this `` choice '' takes away my choice as i will pile points into it as i want to have as many options to rp as possible to get the most obscure and eventful dialogue or option . 
  so as me2 did away with such skill and designed options into dialogue it actually allowed me to rp my commander more as i didn \u00b4 t `` waste '' my points into speech options and could level up more interesting stuff . 
  it wasn \u00b4 t my goto skill and i actually had to choose as dialogue choices were open from the getgo . 
  did he die because of his star wars injury ? 
  this seems like no mans sky all over again , nasa promises a lot but in the end all i will be doing is mining and surviving . 
  so at what percentage are we with the cure and has madagascar closed its ports ? 
  my mum is similar , used to own her own company making cakes and pies . 
  we threw out like 20 a day ( those ones that looked bad or didn \u00b4 t raise right in the oven were brought back home ) . 
  its actually quite sad how many perfectly edible stuff gets thrown away because it doesn \u00b4 t look right or there is some minor fault to the product . 
  since my entire adult life i have little to no desire of eating pies , cakes . 
  i mean sure if someone makes it or its someones birthday i will eat it but it usually is just to know if it tastes as good as it looks but just to eat or buy pies/cakes to eat them for my own , is something i don \u00b4 t do . 
  my mom chose this profession exactly for that reason . 
  she liked sweets so she knew she could eat stuff and take stuff home on the side . 
  this however became a curse for most of her life as she is the go-to person if anyone has some kind of event and last i checked everyone has at least one birthday a year . 
  because with age women get . . uhh ... less pretty but grow a thicker skin both literally and figuratively . 
  i thought lesbians would have like ... scissor dispensers . 
  rio trio for baltic union presidency or as the union would then be called the terra mariana order and instead of a president , grandmeisters . 
  also to send messages to the capitals they wouldn \u00b4 t use the internet , they would run . 
  oh wow , question 3 is interesting . 
  i as an estonian know that lithuania economically will pass us ( has already passed in some regard ) and latvia is verging very closely behind . 
  i do agree we have very much went for a facelift and image change . 
  i don \u00b4 t think its that bad as we are still thought of as a baltic region and what benefits one of us will benefit everyone in the long run . 
  still as a market latvia/lithuania have an edge as they have larger populations . 
  also estonia is slowly becoming too expensive so the competitive edge of a cheap eastern european country is already somewhat lost . 
  for example minimum wage increased to 430eur in 2016 and in 2017 it is set to be 470eur . 
  latvia will probably stick with 370 eur but it gives a competitive edge as there are plenty of minimum wage workers at least in estonia . 
  we moan and bitch about finland doing better and latvians bitch and moan about estonia ? 
  that is kind of ironic , finnish do that for sweden so i guess its kind of a ... perfect thing . 
  i don \u00b4 t think its a bad thing either . 
  envying neighbors policies is something that makes a country strive forward , at least there is some light in the end of the tunnel . 
  can \u00b4 t be said for countries that are more or less landlocked to russia near the black sea . 
  i do think we have the edge of helsinki though being right next to us , from locals getting better wages working there and still spending the money in estonia to general economic advice in this post soviet world . 
  latvia is kind of `` generally close '' to the region but no easy to reach partner . 
  oh and i don \u00b4 t think we are realistically competing , we share enough of business practices and ideas that we develop together to some extent as the 3 sister countries at least in the near future . 
  reval cafe is basically our starbucks . 
  people sit on comfy chairs , drink coffee while having their faces absorbed into their laptops . 
  is pelama/peli even a loanword ? 
  i know plenty of people who don \u00b4 t know it . 
  i did use the word as a teenager with my friends . 
  easier to say than m\u00e4ngima but i always knew it was finnish . 
  you know i think signs actually did this for me . 
  the `` slow '' suspense was something i had not gotten from other films . 
  they gave so little yet the idea was always there that there was something and you had no idea what that something was , it was n't the run of the mill `` a monster is here to kill you ! '', 
  kind of flick . 
  you had no idea what they wanted . 
  not a film trying to horrify you to the core but that `` good feeling '' you should get from classical horror films was always there . 
  as for horror films i remember hellraiser series that i liked , it had the cool reality/hell kind of universe blending , it had cool evil guys , it had gruesome deaths . 
  kind of like nightmare on elm street kicked into 6th gear . 
  i was watching the tap channel and i got around to the same idea . 
  i do n't think it should be taken as something of an evil thing as internet ` shipping ' is a thing . 
  however i did notice hannah and caff acting in a certain way . 
  i mean i watch kim and lalna and i do n't see it or whatever other pair . 
  though to end with a truth , we all do know that sjin just copulates with whatever moves , that is in fact a. . well . . fact .
