  yay , can we vote him now as our e-president ? 
  some cool article or video or podcast spoke about this . 
  that most at least western schools study to do well on tests , that is it . 
  a parallel would be doing an iq test having studied how to do well on iq tests beforehand . 
  so while the purpose is to show good results , there is a missing part of enforcing knowledge , it 's as you said brute forced . 
  it also mentioned a really cool way to look at it . 
  that our entire education system is lagging behind . 
  remember that sentence about not having a calculator with you ... well ... 
  todays google or any preferred search engine does away with the need for fact based knowledge . 
  from it tech to navigation or excel tips , you can google any fact based answer . 
  it is still a great thing to have but its more of a `` let me google that '' hindrance . 
  the need is not for `` what ? '', 
  but `` how ? 
  '' , so you need to know how the system itself works or how the sector of your work functions . 
  so today we still have too many `` know this date '' or `` what is this biological parts function '' kind of questions in tests when there should be more overt `` is this cell functioning ? '', 
  etc kind of questions that would requite a more general multilayered answer and you could allow googling . 
  well there would still be the problem of people sending answers to each other but this has always been so . 
  is n't the body shutting down a good thing ? 
  usually if i 'm tipsy and manage to get to the sleeping stage before any barfing the body just ` heals enough ' so you might wake up with a hell of a hangover but those hours sleeping would have settled your tummy down . 
  i do n't remember any morning barfs and i have managed to drink so much that i skipped about 8 ~ 10 hours once . 
  like complete blackout and woke up knowing my last drunk memory was talking to a aussie near a bar . 
  i remember playing an intense 4 player 2d fighting/shooting game splitscreen . 
  never mind processing power , the pc could n't even handle incoming inputs from 4 players mashing buttons frantically . 
  i have to say i freaking love this new meme . 
  `` look at the trees , they are a creation ! '', 
  , `` i believe in god just as you believe in science ! '', 
  , `` god came into to my life and changed it ! '', 
  etc etc, 
  i use these !, 
  for several reasons . 
  - it acts as a real life map . 
  due to work i need to sometime estimate m2 . 
  so its a great method to eyeball floors . 
  - on occasion it has saved me from security turning up . 
  meaning some floor zone has gone on alarm , so such fire maps sometimes have area names on them so i can match an area with the alarm console name . 
  - obviously if there is no floor plan available prior , its really easy to take a picture and describe areas to other people . 
  so i freaking love those maps !, 
  close enough ? 
  eastern european here . 
  with a little googling i find we are pretty close to france in terms of price and connectivity o_o . 
  it costs around ~ 30-35 eur a month for one of those tv + mobile + internet type of deals . 
  i get a 100mbps down and 50mbps upload rate if i 'm connected through a wire and ~ 23mbps up/down if i 'm using wifi ( a probable cap due to modem strength afaik ) . 
  seems it 's similar in france . 
  honestly i never get why dodgeball never made it out of the `` kids league '' of games . 
  its probably the most fun i had playing and it was freaking interesting and hilarious to watch people squirm out of the balls path . 
  even if it hit it was pretty hilarious to watch . 
  now imagine full time professionals training for it . 
  the games would be amazing . 
  plenty of helpful people . 
  my phone has been out on a couple of occasions and people have helped me use their phone . 
  i once was doing work outside in a public area and a random group was like `` eh you , you need help ? '', 
  and like 4-5 teenage girls came to randomly help me . 
  then the everyday situational door keeping so others could walk out . 
  neighbors and office floors always greet each other , even make smalltalk . 
  i mean sure these are examples here and there but i do feel all our societies are not really un-empathetic , or i could n't even fathom what kind of empathy other people give if ours is `` least '' . 
  depends of course how would you define empathy per se . 
  i think a lot of it is down to environment and finances though . 
  the less stress the happier you are and make others feel . 
  this confirms it , life is pay to win . 
  i read some report . 
  if you go by total consumption amount industry takes the lead but if you go by consumer numbers then house heating is the main consumer . 
  basically we use it for every part of our society as we have little to none alternatives . 
  our windmill farms and other green or alternative energy sources are too small . 
  edit : needs to be fact checked but apparently we need about ~ 300 modern wind turbines to satisfy entire estonians need for energy . 
  they currently produce 5kw but apparently in 10 years this will go up to 10kw ( as some years ago they produced around 2,5 kw ), 
  edit2 : apparently wind is a big thing . 
  by 2050 they are predicting 50 % of europe 's power to come from wind energy . 
  denmark is at 26 % currently . 
  spain is following at 16 % with on time covering 50 % of the need already when demand is lower . 
  would be amazing if my electricity bill was only to maintain 300 wind turbines and a couple of distribution points and the grid . 
  because companies usually work on a schedule of incoming/outgoing payments on a large scale . 
  like a person getting billed 10-100 bills every day . 
  so in order for you to sort through this mess and get in marked you need about 5-7 business days just to be sure . 
  kind of a safety but kind of a needed period to make sure there is a guy in the right department to check upon their own bill . 
  also there sometimes is a slow process of checking up on the bill . 
  you payed the 350 as you knew what you were paying for . 
  in a company some accountance might get a bill about 350 chargeback so she or he has no idea if its legit . 
  then he forwards it to another apartment , then that apartment probably forwards it to the actual guy who does the work . 
  now all of these people might have already plenty of bills to deal with so a domino effect takes place , everything gets delayed . 
  my company for example basically has time for a once a month checkup on who has payed and who has n't . 
  once the numbers get into 5-4 digits people start sending `` whats wrong bud ? '', 
  kind of emails . 
  as there is a consistent cashflow inside the company you do n't really worry about transactions in that day or even week that much . 
  ooooooh delta force . 
  the first real army simulator . 
  i remember playing fps games and then there was delta force . 
  like you went over a mountain and took like 1 minute to scan actual targets , plan an attack route , watch patrol paths , calculate how fast enemy support would come . 
  god i loved sniping enemies on some hill 2-3km away . 
  i guess good examples are in order . 
  well acted - pirates of the carribean , depp made a movie that was supposed to be a run of the mill childrens pirate story into a one man show for all ages . 
  also that come to mind : forest gump , hanks ; lort , ian mckellen or even the `` anti-actor '' arnold who also stole scenes due to his ability to make goofy delivery somehow work . 
  basically whenever you fall in love ( or hate ) with a character and ca n't distinguish him from the actor they acted it perfectly , you sit in glee when they get to be in on a scene . 
  well directed - titanic , fury road , lotr trilogy , alien . 
  the director makes the movie stand out , be it camera work , effects , art , right set pieces , right way to convert a known story . 
  the director builds the right scenes , sets the correct tempo and mood and makes a known subject/genre somehow feel cool and different . 
  well written - pulp fiction , reservoir dogs , godfather , ghost busters , groundhog day - where the movie is less about specific character or leads , where the movies subject matter might be a backdrop but where you enjoy the believable dialogue between the characters and where the plot keeps you guessing , is n't full of tropes . 
  pulp fiction and tarantino is probably the king of writing silly stuff that works , the scene about the royal with cheese became something of a sensation itself , like 1-0-1 how fluff dialogue can be interesting and builds characters . 
  i do n't understand how you can resist . 
  even in multiplayer others do n't really care how you look , you make the look for yourself . 
  a personally and well made character makes you that much immersed in the game as the protagonist was molded by you , to individual cheekbones if possible .
