this article is very much hyperbole . 
  jean sarkozy is not becoming a `` university professor '' . 
  he is ( will be ) one of the teaching assistants for the course . 
  i do n't know about this university , but in general , certain ( temporary , very badly paid ) teaching spots are given to current students . 
  the statement was n't addressed at cameron , but at the austrian public or something like that . 
  austria has pretty strict regulation regarding opening hours . 
  so the reason why this works out for , say , your car shop , is because all the other car shops have the same opening hours , and you have to change your tires at some point ... how do you do it ? 
  i think it 's just cumulation of little opportunities . 
  many people can come into work after 9am . 
  so you can squeeze something before that . 
  many leave before 5pm . 
  then there 's saturday . 
  there 's comparatively longer opening hours on thursday for banks and the like ( whopping 18.00 closing time !, 
  you might work part time . 
  you might work irregular hours . 
  you might not work at all . 
  if all of this does n't apply to you , you might know someone to whom it does , and ask him for a favor . 
  and then , of course , you might take a day off , since you get 5 weeks off per year . 
  all these things taken together are the reason why there is relatively little outcry over the opening hours . 
  not least because it allows the service industry to save on labor costs . 
  and when there 's no lobby to push for something ... 
  ah you 're right . 
  i did n't notice that you could `` prefer not to answer '' the `` real '' questions , should 've bothered checking them too . 
  thanks for your response . 
  there really should be an option to skip questions in the next poll . 
  france and italy contribute more than 50 % more than the uk . 
  germany contributes more than twice as much . 
  all other net contributors are less than half the size of the uk . 
  so good job on being the fourth largest net contributor there , well done . 
  you 're rank 7 on net contributions per capita , same for net contributions as percentage of gdp . 
  nobody denies you 're paying , but do n't act like the uk is carrying the eu or disproportionately encumbered . 
  also , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_rebate, 
  not exactly a smash hit , but it 's from my country and i like it , kinda psychodelic pop or something : [ das trojanische pferd - popsong ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmaazfa-3pi ), 
  it 's virtually impossible this is n't time-barred . 
  as someone living in vienna , i 'd say avoid k\u00e4rntner stra\u00dfe , graben . 
  apart from that there are plenty affordable restaurants in the first district . 
  eg singer stra\u00dfe or in the vicinity of freyung . 
  it 's not dirt-cheap , but affordable , maybe 12 euro for a meal with a drink . 
   it 's better than one minimum wage for all , which would probably mean lowering the higher wages to the lowest level . 
  i can not see the mechanism that would lead to lower wages anywhere . 
  collective contracts are - legally - generally entirely voluntary . 
  setting a stronger lower boundary via minimum wage can only strengthen the position of the unions . 
  while it is true that there are collective contracts or minimum wages for many sectors , they 're not exhaustive . 
  fucking colonialism apologists in this thread . 
  annoy the shit out of me . 
  stop upvoting them . 
  100 years of massive exploitation ? 
  but you did n't manage to build a functional government/economy on the remains of that !, 
  so obviously it was a good thing for you that we came !, 
  you could n't have produced a functional society without us !, 
  come to think of it , this is a profoundly racist argument . 
  ( disregard that we keep protecting our interests in your country anyway , ie asking for our `` bribe '' ), 
   perhaps someone can explain why saudi arabia was never colonized . 
  if i had to make a guess , i 'd say it was because some of the holiest places in islam are located there , and colonizing it would be incredibly difficult . 
  i guess it 's because it 's a desert were a few nomads used to live . 
  so taking oil out of the picture , completely uninteresting . 
  i guess it became strategically interesting with the suez canal , but the strip bordering the sea on the west-side is blue anyway . 
  you know , from an international law point of view , you can not simply decide that the echr does n't apply to you anymore . 
  and honestly fuck off , if you like the echr to a degree i can not follow you that you would be willing to reduce it to a shadow if itself for all countries involved just to solve a domestic british issue . 
  the importance of the echr to countries like great britain right now is miniscule compared to its impact on countries like romania , turkey or russia . 
   the draft that i have seen says the european court should not be able to examine cases that are `` identical in substance to a claim that has been considered by a national court '' . 
  this is funny , because exhausting remedies within the national courts ( and civil bodies ) is a requirement for access to the echr . 
  i sort of missed the iceland part of the article, 
  strache was sheduled for some kind of medal ? 
  really ? 
  funnily enough the reason seems to be to diffuse critic aimed at the government that they 're circlejerking and giving each other medals . 
  so let 's correct that and give a few medals to the politicians of the opposition , too . 
  and since we ca n't give them to the greens only , and the other two parties are far-right ... classic austrian solution . 
  that 's pretty black/white thinking asha, 
  vienna is a pretty decent city , but with it 's own fair share of problems . 
  it 's sad if * every * larger city is supposed to have even bigger problems . 
  would n't it be nice to know that there exists a city where unicorns fart rainbows ? 
  not sure if that ranking should make me happy or sad . 
  also this ranking is ridiculous in that it provides no information besides the final two rankings at all . 
  it seems that the european economic area resulted from a treaty between efta and eu without switzerland , making the other efta countries members of the eu common market . 
  the eu customs union on the other hand is just a customs union : no tariffs within the zone , common tariffs externally . 
  the eu common market is a lot wider : it means that norway at al. 
  are now also subject to eu regulation concerning the common market . 
  which is , really , most of it . 
  although increasing , there are few eu regulations not based on the enforcement of the common market . 
  i 'm not sure how that is handled in practice , though . 
  i would never say that the whole of austria participated enthusiastically . 
  judging a group as large and diverse as an entire nation is always problematic . 
  it is always the case that the opinions , conduct and treatment of individuals vary wildly . 
  but exactly because of that , i 'm primarily insulted at the way many nazis were able to further their careers , kickstarted before 1945 , without obstructions after 1945 . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  there was no proper prosecution , by and large . 
  and then they managed to turn any criticism directed at this , directed against them , into `` nestbeschmutzung '' , they managed to spin it as criticism directed against austria . 
  so the discussion turned to feeling insulted and solidary with those critizised , instead of talking about what had happened . 
  think waldheim 's presidential campaign . 
  so in this vein , i 'm a bit wary of this tendency to protect austria from criticism . 
  considering this history , i 'd rather err on the side of accepting too much criticism , rather than protecting our scumbags . 
   according to the poll of 1930 , 3 % voted for the dnsap ( = nazis ) up from 2.6 % in 1928 . 
  just kidding , that 's the vote the nsdap received in germany 's 1928 elections . 
  of course a lot of austrians were n't nazis , and quite a few strongly opposed to it . 
  some were sent to concentration camps . 
  but if you look at the numbers overall , as far as i 'm aware the evidence strongly suggests that austrians participated in all aspects of nazi-germany quite strongly and that the general mood in the population about the regime and the war were similar . 
  this is n't true for any other country annexed by ( or even just allied to ) germany during ww2 , if only because other countries citizens were n't considered part of the german people and did n't get the chance to be really accepted . 
  but i believe this topic has been addressed pretty thoroughly by historians , though i 'm not familiar with the details . 
  you 're right of course , partly because the soviets had so much more time to harm the baltic countries .
