  this is common eg . 
  in workplaces . 
  multitude of small reasons . 
  some examples : \u2022 most of the official institutions , like parliament , ministries , president 's residence etc. 
  are in prague . 
  \u2022 while moravians arguably speak the cleanliest form of czechs ( as in closest to what 's taught in schools ) , praguers kind of brutalize it \u2022 praguers have by far the highest salaries in the country \u2022 prague and bohemia traditionally votes different political parties than the rest, 
  that 'd be exactly like that , good example . 
  moravians and silesians would start riots if the country got referred to as bohemia , they hate bohemia ( and prague ) enough as it is ... 
  i know , i too read the government-financed website . 
  what it does not clarify is in what context was that supposedly used . 
  back then , czechoslovakia was still a part of austria-hungarian empire . 
  so were they referring to what - to bohemia , the czech part , czechoslovakia ? 
  whichever the case , the usage is questionable , because our country in the form we have it today only started existing in 1993 . 
  it does sound retarded . 
  someone dropped the ball hard when czechoslovakia split into two countries , and came up with the brilliant long-ass name . 
  i just do n't think * czechia * is a honorable successor . 
  i 'm sure we could have come up with something better than that , if someone only put some effort into it . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  never change , please . 
  people might see a total dickhead , but me , i see a comedic genius . 
  edit : i never said anything about an american cesspool , all the hate makes you confuse people , friendo . 
  and here comes / u/unamerican _ idol with his daily european troll thread , collecting downvotes ... do you ever get tired , man ? 
  i have to recommend [ kolya ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kolya ) - it won oscar for international picture in 1997 . 
  it 's a story of an unlikely friendship between a cynical czech musician and russian boy during socialism . 
  it 's a pretty touching at times , good acting , too . 
  this is a new name introduced to un by the czech government earlier this year . 
  it 's a new thing , no one asked the general populace if they liked the name or not . 
  most people do n't ( there was a poll the other day ) , some do . 
  my personal problem with it is that it sounds like a certain [ football club ] ( http://www.cechiesmichov.cz/ ) in prague ( \u010cechie ) . 
  we do love you , you have sun and stuff :'(, 
   ok , so now it makes sense why czechs rather to stay at home than travelling abroad we move abroad too , just not east   czechia ( is this a thing , really ? ), 
  it sounds retarded , but thanks to our government , it is one of the official names of the country . 
   the rest has huge trauma due to soviet oppression impression of a country consists of your experiences with 1 ) its government and 2 ) its people . 
  number 1 is a lost cause , it 's like a relationship with an ex that has kind of been a real dick to you at some point in your relationship number 2 is a mixed bag . 
  i met russians that were super cool and talking to them was a pleasure , and i met those that acted like cz is some kind of a russian province and that they own the country . 
  i 'll add to this and say that czechs do n't really move to other slav countries , because they do n't really have a reason - czech salaries are one of the best in post-socialist countries , cultures are similar and we have women as hot as other slavs . 
  we do get ukrainians and slovaks as migrant workers and russians as students , tourists and entrepreneurs . 
  older generation ( 40 + ) is often 1 ) really suspicious of strangers and 2 ) have sometimes questionable workplace morale ad 1 ) due to snitching and secret police that was very active during socialism ad 2 ) because work was pretty much guaranteed and working hard was not necessarily rewarded financially or otherwise, 
  i 'm gon na go with these guys for worst : * iosif stalin * - perfect example of how history is written by winners . 
  this guy was no better than hitler , executed just as many , waged war just as much and was hitler 's bff for some time . 
  also was more or less responsible for a pretty gruesome famine . 
  if you were political opposition , you were lucky to be jailed . 
  * adolf hitler * - world 's meanest painter , avid vegetarian and friend of animals . 
  uh , yeah , and he also led world war ii and genocided a race . 
  * caligula * - incestuous maniac , had people openly murdered , terrorized his own people , claimed godliness , opened a brothel in the palace ... there 's so much insane stuff about this guy it 's hard to say if some of it might be just rumors . 
   i even refused to eat breakfast before we passed the austrian border haha shit , belgium , that 's brutal . 
  i 'll give you this advice - avoid switzerland . 
  yes , i know the nature is amazing . 
  yes , i know the cities are beautiful and super clean . 
  but if you 're on a budget , screw it . 
  for the same price , you can see three other countries , less fancy but just as charming . 
  frankly that does n't surprise me at all . 
  just yesterday i read a report on many of the kid-oriented meals , all those `` with extra milk '' and `` extra vitamins '' products . 
  turns out generally it 's just marginal and that it 's still mostly sweet and fat . 
  but hey still ( i guess ) healthier than [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/66/englishbreakfast.jpg ) . 
  cereal is a thing , but it does n't have monopoly in breakfasts . 
  people usually go for pastry ( savory or sweet depending on country ) , but some eat yogurt , m\u00fcsli or cereal . 
  the cereal commercials are usually made to target kids , though . 
  if i 'm deluded , what 's the reality then ? 
  you seem to have an idea , so let 's hear it . 
  context for other redditors : that 's when slovakbros decided they 'll be better off without us :'( ( and then proceeded to move in for studies and work anyway ), 
  yes . 
  they confuse the locals with the * `` how are you doing ? 
  '' * , who often misinterpret it as an honest interest in their day . 
  americans are then often surprised on hearing * `` yeah , could be worse '' * or * `` pretty shit so far '' * . 
  it 's a hilarious culture clash . 
  they often act up a little too loud in public or in restaurants ( not necessarily loud as in high db , but as in saying sentences to strangers and expecting some answer from someone ) , and sometimes look around like they expect the other guests to agree with them , or something , or join the talk . 
  american immigrants ( or `` expats '' as they like call themselves ) mostly luckily got the message and tuned it down by a lot . 
  that 's great , shows it is doable . 
  thanks for sharing , made me feel a little less depressed about the future , 
  but just wait until the moravians see my selection :d, 
  you 're in a bar , you 're enjoying your beer , when you hear that one of your friends got in a fight with some shady looking guy . 
  your buddy calls * `` hey man , help me out , this guy has a knife !, 
  '' * you run to the stranger and punch him . 
  he goes down pretty quickly , he 's not a great fighter and there 's more of you . 
  the police arrive later , turns out he had no knife , he was just an ass that there 's million of in the world - and that it was your friend who started the fight you 're still friends with that guy , even if he lied to you about the knife and he picked the fight himself . 
  you just do n't trust him as much since , though . 
  that 's the way i see it . 
  definitely can be done , i mean , we fly to space now and all . 
  but i 'm a little worried it would be too much on the kids . 
  i was thinking german and english bilingual ( that 's what you need in school and life anyway ) and some solid basics of the other two as they grow up . 
  tldr ; if the kids would be dumb , 4 languages would make their heads explode, 
  i heard horror stories before and i 've seen a whole lot of hollywood movies where everyone shoots everything , media that report weekly mass shootings / cops gunning down unarmed people and well ... rap music . 
  so it was n't all that bad . 
  friendly people ( yeah , i know a lot of it is fake ) , awesome food with a bit way too nice service ( yes , i realize they do it for the tips ) . 
  beautiful nature and impressive landmarks . 
  i was n't to nyc , so i ca n't comment on how much of a dump that is - but sure , some city parts were pretty unpleasant to hang around . 
  a bit of criminally-vibe in some of them . 
  i definitely do n't regret my stay , it was a cool experience , but i ca n't imagine living there . 
  it 's just not for me . 
  i like my 10 minutes commute to work on a bike , i like my health insurance , my 8 hours of work per day ( boss actually gets mad if i work more ) and 6 weeks of holidays per year . 
  and i 'd rather get stabbed during a mugging then shot . 
  `` greatest nation on earth '' is just patriotism speaking . 
  my wife 's indian , i 'm czech . 
  we live in germany but at home we talk english . 
  what would you recommend to us apart from suicide ? 
  my so is from outside the eu , so i guess it does n't count . 
  but i know all kinds of combo couples . 
  de-nl , cz-de , de-pl , de-ru , de-uk , de-es , cz-uk , cz-sk ( that 's cheating ) , cz-it , cz-es . 
  and how 's it working out for them ?
