  ) ~ ~ nope it 's * nizozemsko * according to wikipedia . 
   i would like to vote for pro-european party but with tough anti-immigration policy from third countries . 
  these parties are non-existent yeah , i feel like many parties open their program with '' * we need to control immigration from 3rd countries , we need better background checks ... * '' and then go full-extremist with '' * ... also we should leave eu , exit nato and befriend russia !, 
  * '' going from reasonable political opinion to economical suicide and isolationist politics . 
  '' * czech beer is shit and skoda is horrible bang for the buck * '' load up those howitzers with beer kegs , boys , and mount .50 hmgs on skoda kodiaq , we ride to battle !, 
  [ as bullets riddle my body and shrapnel tears me to pieces , i 'll die laughing ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/52ade8d9e4b0324b1f6441ef/t/5967af1d579fb3a6262fa26a/1499967267726/ ), 
  i know only a single person in my generation ( 20s-30s ) who is a fan of russia and is a putin apologist . 
  i kind of blame people 's memories of playing tricks on them . 
  the older generations grew up during socialism and it 's easy to have fond memories of time when you were young , healthy and strong , when you chased girls , made friends ... 
  the way i see it , people forget the bad parts and only see the good ones . 
  my family lost property worth of hundreds of millions czech crowns , yet somehow my parents still vote communists , because it was better ( ** ??? 
  ** ) russian apologists will die out eventually . 
  commies do n't know what to offer to the younger generations , and since they 've kept the same leadership for decades , they probably never will know . 
  * sidenote * : welcome to / r/askeurope , fellow compatriot !, 
  do n't be shy and wave your flag flair proudly !, 
  not in my generation . 
  here and there in my parents ' generation . 
  pretty bad in my grandparents ' generation . 
  my grandma is still really sour about how there was nothing to eat during the war , that her family almost got executed for hiding a partisan and that she had to greet nazi patrols with '' * heil hitler * '', 
  do n't say shit about german bread or they 'll break your face . 
  look man , i like silly fun . 
  if i did n't , i 'd say something like '' * you broke rule 1.7 * '' , remove your post and be done with it . 
  but what 's up with the implication that europeans are indistinguishable from `` gay '' or reminiscent of the stereotypical feminine portrayal of gays ? 
  because in some countries some men are more fashion-aware than in yours ? 
  well , okay , so europeans in general are more environment conscious and do n't drive hummers to work and they ca n't buy assault rifles in the shops . 
  does that make us wusses , and does that make you * real men * ? 
  anyway , you seem like a nice person . 
  why not use a week or two to travel to europe , maybe some of the more `` manly '' countries like the balkans , where a few years ago people were executed on the streets for their ethnicity , or ukraine , where people try to blow each other 's brains out for independence every day ? 
  maybe you 'll come back home and think , '' * hmm , i guess it is a silly video and might piss someone off * '', 
  you know , my grandfather smoked his whole life . 
  i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him , ` if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate , you have to stop immediately . ' . 
  tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake . 
  he gave it up immediately . 
  three years later he died of lung cancer . 
  it was really sad and destroyed me . 
  my mother said to me - ` do n't ever smoke . 
  please do n't put your family through what your grandfather put us through . '', 
  i agreed . 
  at 28 , i have never touched a cigarette . 
  i must say , i feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it , because your post gave me cancer anyway . 
   knowing you 're a mod made it even weirder . 
  :d hold on mate , i was calling people cunts long before i became a mod here now that i think about it . . !, 
   do you take pride in your military ? 
  there 's not much to be proud of . 
  we have whopping 23 000 active soldiers , a few tanks from the cold war era , a few overpriced apcs that keep falling apart a few dudes deployed in afghanistan and a pretty good chemical weapons unit . 
  everybody knows an army of this size and equipment could n't defend against anything but nobody cares enough to do anything about it . 
   do you have special holidays for them ? 
  thank you , cunt . 
  man , that is a weird sentence to say to express gratitude to someone . 
  no flag flair , but sounds like uk . . ? 
  i 'd say a lot of people here see poland as a bigger , stronger country , that fended for itself even against a more powerful foes , even if the outcome was not all that . 
  whereas in czech history , rulers would often yield or accept being a part of someone else 's kingdom/country/union / whatever , poles are seen as the one who stand their ground and fight . 
  fyi , eu citizens who move to germany and apply for hartz iv do contrary to the popular belief ** no claim ** to any kind of support , be it monetary or in form of lowered rent or anything like that . 
  you can apply , but unless you have worked for a period of time in the country , you will not get anything . 
  thanks for the effort for writing this down , i enjoyed reading it a lot . 
  refreshingly honest post . 
  i hear ya , cheap products are definitely being bought by companies here , i understand the exporter and the importer . 
  i also understand that a common polish citizen has fuck all to do with decisions of one or more food producer company about what they put in their stuff or what they sell altogether . 
  however , i ca n't wrap my head around how any company can use industrial salt ( the kind that is used to removed snow from sidewalks in winter ) in meat and salami , hide this information and lie about it when exposed , followed by being defended by the polish ministry . 
  germany * major trade partner and owner of our beloved skoda * germans make for tourists that are about as bad as brits and russians . 
  so - pretty bad . 
  it 's a funny contrast to how orderly germans behave in their own country . 
  * some people complain about them all the time , be it salaries , immigration policies or literally anything else * i like them a lot austria * seems to have some very loud environmental activists * what a beautiful country !, 
  * primary destination for czech beggars , homeless people and other valuable human beings poland * i ca n't understand their language but somehow they understand me perfectly * the big bro to look up to * [ historically the og hardcore slavic nation ] ( http://imgur.com/jkdqyxh ) * oddly low number of immigrants and some questionable politics lately * seem to keep the good products for the local market and export the not-so-good products slovakia * slovakia pls , let 's get back together again , miss u, 
   why is this preferred in some places rather than the monarchy . 
  monarchy is for the most part an ancient system in place to keep one family of people in power and if another would take their place , they 'd have to murder/conquer their way there . 
  the several remaining royal families in europe are mostly there as a nod to the tradition , not to exercise power . 
  monarchies in europe have historically been responsible for all kinds of nasty shit , ranging from family murder , waging wars for petty reasons , exploiting the laborers reminiscing of slavery and complete control over the populations . 
  that 's not something that belongs into the 21st century , perhaps save for saudi arabia . 
   but if you are going to have a prime minister be the real person in charge , why not have a monarch ? 
  because we 'd like to have some political system in place to elect our representatives . 
  monarchs do not get elected , they elect themselves . 
   someone who wont go into politics like a president might , represent you and the country , not a party . 
  european presidents often do not represent any party . 
  i have twice ( it was very near one of my universities ) , it 's been a while so it may have changed since , but i quite enjoyed it . 
  you can have a look at the pictures of the [ interior here ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=prague+opera ) . 
  one more addendum to my original post - you 'll likely spend a lot of your time in the historical center , so prague districts 1 and 2 , aka old town and new town . 
  in those places , 95 % of people on the street are tourists or foreign businessmen , as locals avoid the loudness and crowdiness of the place . 
  as such , you may struggle to find someone to advise you or answer your questions . 
  in that case i recommend asking : * people in information kiosks * shopkeepers * policemen avoid shady salesmen , especially those in front of exchange offices . 
  if someone approaches you on the street , they either want your time or money , locals do not small talk in public with strangers . 
  you 're not obliged to answer to anyone so just keep walking . 
  the word you 're looking for is definitely '' * upbringer * '' :d, 
  have n't seen it yet . 
  is it on torrents yet ? 
  ... \\* cough \\* ... 
  i 'm asking for a friend of a friend . 
  ah , here 's the daily '' * is europe in flames ? 
  * '' thread !, 
  op , if this subject interest you , i recommend using the search function in the sidebar . 
  you 'll find many answers in addition to what you get here . 
  short answers to your questions from me : 1 ) no-go zones do not exist . 
  there have been some incidents with police in two or three neighborhoods in sweden , right wing caught on that and now every poor neighborhood in europe gets called a no-go zone . 
  these have been here before the latest immigration wave . 
  2 ) do n't know about all countries , but in germany most of the refugees have not found work for one reason or another . 
  firstly , it takes forever to get the paperwork to allow you to work . 
  secondly , they do n't speak german and as such their benefit to the economy is limited . 
  thirdly , many come from a very low education background and can not perform jobs in the `` german standard '' . 
  this is a marathon , not a sprint , so what matters is everyone gets sent on the right way , learns the language , learns useful skills and then does not live in a ghetto of his own countrymen . 
  3 ) i doubt me or most people here are qualified to answer that .
