* czech republic * - slovak * slovakia * - english something feels off here ... 
  plot twist - the dudes on the left are polish immigrants and have been eating pierogi all along . 
  how about something late 20th / early 21st century ? 
  those days are gone now . 
  you fuckin ' know it !, 
  come visit , we brew enough for everyone !, 
  germans are pretty loud when they get drunk . 
  * source * : prague . 
   also , she 's lived in devon for 30 years , do you really think her friends and neighbours etc there think of her as `` the foreigner '' ? 
  obviously not , but the authorities still do . 
  hence the incident . 
  take the fear of the massive army away and what 's left ? 
  economy is wheezing , repressive politics , losing allies as years pass by . 
  barely any culture gets outside the russian territory . 
  russians know they get no love internationally , and that bad press is better than none at all . 
  standard for 10 degree beer in prague in a pub . 
  12 degree beers like pilsner urquell , premium beers and microbrew beers cost about 30 % -50 % more than that . 
  and you pay about double in the tourist center . 
  i can understand she 's surprised , but if you get married to a brit , why the hell would you not want to accept british citizenship at some point ? 
  ca n't imagine i 'd want to live somewhere and after 30 years still want to be seen as * the foreigner * . 
  bastards . 
  find a new pub . 
  otherwise 10 beers a night will start getting pretty expensive pretty quickly . 
  i scrolled my zooming mouse button with great anger until the smudges on the map became text . 
  * `` speak the wrong language , get stabbed '' * sounds like a fun place , got ta visit !, 
  and czech republic does n't go anywhere , because the beer costs 1 $ / 0,5 liter in a pub . 
  czechs are however historically totally indifferent about politics . 
  in cz , eu disapproval does not translate into people demonstrating in the streets against the eu , looting , shooting at cops or defenestrating pro-eu politicians . 
  it translates to : '' * hello sir , we are conducting a poll about the eu . 
  do you approve , disapprove , or are neutral about the eu ? 
  * '' `` they suck . '', 
  '' * thank you sir , have a nice day !, 
  * '' `` you 're welcome , bye . '', 
  people bitch a lot , but they always bitch about everything . 
  too few tourists ? 
  our economy is doomed !, 
  too many tourists ? 
  go away , we are full !, 
  no jobs ? 
  fucking government thieves !, 
  enough jobs ? 
  make our economy grow faster !, 
  do n't think too much of what people online write about you . 
  if i should be scared about every time i get called a nazi/cuck/faggot mod , i 'd be hanging from the ceiling a thousand times over , 
  we have romanians working here too , they do the same kind of jobs . 
  you do n't really need much language for this work , you learn the bare basics to communicate with the colleagues , you live with your other countrymen and you need barely any language skills in the shop or in the tram . 
  the only real challenge is communication with the authorities ( registration office , potentially foreigner police or ministry of foreign affairs ) where nobody speaks anything but czech for some reason , but it 's needed less often than people think . 
  maybe once half a year . 
   anti-tank weaponry interesting !, 
  is firing live ammunition from anti-rank weapons part of the training ( against dummy targets ) or is it purely on simulation or fake ammunition basis ? 
   altough i would love to try firing a `` real '' gun , cause i like the way it feels and i 'm a pretty good shot !, 
   as someone who felt once exactly like you do now - just do it man , go to a firing range , pay an instructor for a try out and just go at it . 
  they 'll show you what 's what and will let you try out guns from small calibers to big ones . 
  worst case scenario you 'll find out you do n't really like shooting at all , best case scenario you just find yourself a new hobby . 
   hah , although including `` immigrants '' without being more specific would lead you to think that it 's about the current migration crisis i wanted to make it more specific but i 'm honestly not that good in ms paint , i had trouble fitting it in the bubble  anyway , hope no hard feelings , i definitely did n't mean to mess with you in a bad way . 
  they 're reasonably priced , reasonably good and not as over advertised as nike and adidas . 
  they 're alright . 
  rieker master race reporting in , all aboard the leather shoe train . 
   how easy would it be for an unskilled eu migrant who does n't speak your language to find a job in your country ? 
  they could probably very easily do the jobs ukrainians and russians do often here , so construction , facility management , work in factories or warehouses . 
  czechs do n't like doing these ( the pay is shit ) so the companies welcome anyone who applies . 
  other than that , little chance . 
  office jobs and similar need the language and some school . 
  coffee and bad life decisions . 
  no way man . 
  i love him . 
  it 's a gentle poking fun at how passionate he gets . 
  russia has also been proven to attempt to manipulate the public opinion by hiring people to publish pro-russian comments on social media and online news outlets . 
  [ tagging / u/h2ppyme for the fun of it :d ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gv6ae ), 
  seems to be a run of the mill politician . 
  a lot of promises in the campaign , charisma and a nice suit , and when he 's elected into the office - clash with reality , nothing gets done . 
  in the media he 's mostly discussed because of his wife and the fight with the minister of defense about cutting expenses . 
  he 's also had some relatively aggressive comments about v4 regarding as usual about migration . 
  all in all not a great impression so far , but he has n't been in the office long yet . 
  time will tell . 
  prague city center . 
  12km ^ 2 of exchange shops , casinos , beggars , drunk homeless , drunk tourists , souvenir shops , drug dealers , pick pockets , scammers and those fucking people who hand out flyers or want you '' * to donate for a good cause * '' . 
  i can only go to the center if i 'm heavily intoxicated ( thus only making the problem worse ) . 
  positively . 
  we do n't really have many big companies of our own , so more employment possibilities are welcome . 
  also they generally pay quite a bit better , tend to have better know-how . 
  sushi \u2665, 
   what 's the public transit situation ( well funded , falling apart , etc. ) ? 
  quite nice . 
  public transit is cheap ( even by czech standards ) , of relatively high quality ( they 're testing trams with wifi this year ) and it comes very often . 
  most normal people use public transit , it 's not really that much faster by car unless you live somewhere in the middle of nowhere . 
   how extensive are your systems in your city and nation as a whole ? 
  3 metro lines cover the most frequented routes , interconnected with trams . 
  buses make sure to deliver people from the center to the suburbs . 
  you 're usually within 10 minutes of some public transit stop . 
   are you satisfied with the current systems in place ? 
  i 'd like fewer smelly hobos and i 'd like friendlier ticket controllers ( do n't know what the job 's called , those men who check passengers for tickets ) . 
   they all were college students . 
  interesting , this level of knowledge i 'd expect somewhere in mongolia in a hut made of dirt . 
   say you recognise my username , is it for the good or bad ? 
  good , because you 've been on this sub forever and you 're not yet permabanned , meaning you must be a good poster   or do you have a res-flair for me ? 
  that 's classified !, 
   do you actually like american english ( or any of it 's many regional variants ) ? 
  i like american english , i find it easy to pronounce and easy to understand . 
  i guess i have exposure ( movies & music ) to thank for .
