  that being said , do n't become bitter about languages . 
  i for example had to learn french and totally hated it ( sorry french guys , it 's just not my language ) , i sucked at it and thought i 'm just bad . 
  then i hesitantly started learning german , and a couple of years later i live in germany and work in an all-german team . 
  hi everyone , i 'm locking this submission , as it has become ( as expected ) a fighting ground about islam . 
  you may continue shouting at each other via pms , 
  i set it to one day ago , so i can pretty much continue where i left off . 
  our country 's history has been a sad mess of being invaded , being somebody 's bitch , being stricken by war and barely keeping our sovereignty . 
  even if some people complain now , we 've never been better off . 
   qotsa is the tits !, 
  they have a new album coming out in august !, 
  italy . 
  you can go to a shady street in the middle of nowhere and the ice cream stand there will have superior ice cream than anywhere else in europe . 
  everyone else is just an impostor . 
  * american dollar * - totally  * canadian dollar * - i 'd say most know it 's * not * usd and would guess something else * mexican peso * - mexico is not a very known country in europe apart from some stereotypes . 
  i guess only people who watch a lot of old western movies would know , because it gets mentioned there sometimes . 
   do you have any rough idea what the exchange rates are ? 
  personally i 'd know the rates for the first two and not for the peso . 
  neither , i wanted to say that most residents of reddit , this subreddit included , are indeed male , and as such opinion of women is ( to a degree ) not represented . 
  i had to get up really early today , hence the lack of my usual eloquence :(, 
   what places in europe have governments that make it easier for employers to hire foreigners ? 
  the netherlands , czech republic and germany offer freelancer visa to foreigners . 
  netherlands on daft treaty that only applies on americans , and czech republic on freelancer permit that is very easy to obtain , as long as you do n't have a problem with paying more in taxes and insurance than the average employee . 
  applying for all three is quite straightforward but may take a few months to process and will need documents like bank statements from you . 
  * ps * : learn a european language . 
  if not for the respect of countries that give you home and an opportunity to earn salary and build career , then for improving chances on the eu job market . 
  there 's a lot of people living here that speak english , are as qualified as you and do not need a visa . 
  * edit * : also malta offers citizenship by investment . 
  if you got a couple hundred thousand $ to spare , you may become a european very quickly . 
   are we particularly bad on reddit in comparison to real life ? 
  we are mostly decently educated young ( more often male ) europeans , so we are politically more left-leaning . 
  left-leaning does not always like right-leaning , which usa on the average is , including their new president . 
  i see no surprises here . 
  however , there is a staggeringly high number of czechs that would have voted trump and still to this day do support his decisions . 
  these people usually do not speak enough english or are not internet savvy enough to use reddit though , hence the bias against trump and usa . 
  family and friends . 
  acquaintances depending on the circumstances . 
  i for example would also invite neighbors in , but most city people would talk to neighbors in the hallway/outside . 
  we are n't known to be the friendliest neighbors . 
  people who sell something and complete strangers stay outside , because scams and so on . 
   -2 days in vienna vienna is eastern europe now ? 
  jeez man , i 'm way out of the loop ... 
  can confirm . 
  czechs love dogs , but unfortunately so much they also tend to ignore disciplinary training . 
  somehow it 's totally cool to have a mutt who runs around without a leash and barks aggressively or even threatens other dogs and people . 
  * source * : am a ~ ~ dog owner ~ ~ beastmaster, 
  no surveys without asking permission from the mod team first . 
  [ read the rules before posting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/wiki/rules ), 
   imagine there would be czech-speaking czechs living in silesia who were cut off from czechia when prussia conquered silesia and would n't have any minority rights in poland . 
  would n't you want to give them the right to aquire czech citizenship easily ? 
  hmm , although i see your point , i 'd still probably stick with no - because prussia would probably be in the eu so there 'd be no need for this practically  but back to the issue : for example , some czechs left the country and moved to america about a hundred years ago . 
  they mostly blended in with everyone else , but they also founded a few `` czech '' towns . 
  czech media love to report on these towns . 
  the folks over there do n't speak a word czech , but certainly do n't shy away from their heritage , they have a traditional celebration with regional dresses , they ( try to ) cook some of the food ... 
  so , i can relate . 
  however , i still would n't offer them instant citizenship because of something someone decided to do a 100 years ago . 
  not only because they 're obviously americans who do a bit of czech stuff ( which is totally sweet by the way ) , but also because i do n't know where we 'd draw the line . 
  if 100 years is okay , why not go 300 years ? 
  that way most americans could immediately get some european citizenship . 
  i can see the logic , but i 'm still not sold on this , sorry mate   you can also just change your voting laws - in germany you have to be a german citizen and need to have lived in germany for at least 3 months to be able to vote . 
  \\* respectful nod \\*, 
  my friend , i 'm afraid not even people born in prague who have lived there their whole lives know how to behave themselves there  i blame the whole '' * beer costs 1 $ * '' situation , honestly . 
  * edit * : on a serious note , prague 's nice . 
  i 've only met one person so far who did not like the city and it was because of unfounded pride of her own small town . 
  you 'd probably enjoy it here . 
  hold on , hold on , are you saying we want ** more ** drunk dutch tourists ? 
  this could be easily fixed if instead of '' * citizenship by descent * '' the eligible people would instead get '' * permanent residence by descent * '' . 
  voting rights and ability to participate in politics of a country you 've never set a foot in is moronic and i really struggle to find any positives . 
  and my thesis is called : [ read the rules before posting ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/wiki/rules ) . 
  1.3 - no surveys before getting an approval from the mod team . 
  your submission has been removed . 
  you may ask for an approval via modmail . 
  cheers . 
  [ nicky - rich boy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmbdn3d2bz8 ) you 'll never look at czechs the same  the song is by the way guerilla marketing , it eventually turned out to be a commercial for a language school or something like that . 
  still i love it to death . 
  well , i 'm already done with my uni and swore myself to never torture myself like that ever again , so my answer would be : none . 
  except it 's not mixing of cultures , it 's replacing , overwriting . 
  when i was a kid , on every * all souls ' day * , ma would take me to the graveyard and we 'd clean the tombstones , better than usual , bring flowers , nicer than usual . 
  we 'd remember the dead family and friends , more than usual . 
  not every celebration needs to be cheerful . 
  but choo-fucking-choo , here comes the culture train !, 
  who needs remembering , when you can trick or treat !, 
  that 's right , put on a costume , visit your merry , friendly neighbors and get some sweet candy !, 
  too old for trick or treating ? 
  be a slutty nurse , get drunk , bang that sexy vampire !, 
  most importantly , buy candies !, 
  or costumes !, 
  or at least condoms !, 
  how do you coexist two entities that bring presents to kids ? 
  you do n't . 
  santa and jezisek wo n't go hand in hand . 
  it 'll be santa , pointman of american corporations , starring in many movies and commercials , steamrolling in , making way for more consumerism . 
  here come 's the coca cola santa christmas truck !, 
  this is the reason malls get that stupid christmas themed sales earlier and earlier every year . 
  buy buy buy !, 
  but honestly - you mention mixing of cultures . 
  what is the positive of santa over jezisek ? 
  they do they same damn thing , they sneakily bring presents in for kids . 
  what 's jezisek missing that we need santa for ? 
  i do n't even know why i 'm so riled up about this . 
  i guess i wish things i enjoyed in my childhood stayed in the world for the next generations too , because i really liked them .
