  however i am happy we do n't get 150 + injured policemen and dozens of cars set on fire because of any event . 
  no surveys before clearing them with the mod team . 
  [ read the rules before posting . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/wiki/rules ), 
   the sentiment seems strong about it strong is not the word i would use . 
  [ see a map ] ( https://i.redd.it/boqauq8iripx.png ) , list of sources [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/55voqq/support_for_death_penalty_in_europe_updated_1548/d8e20zm/ ) . 
  there is only a few countries who are strongly against , perhaps as many who are strongly for . 
  most countries balance between slightly against and 50/50 . 
  think me naive , but i consider rehabilitation of criminals to be one of the functions of imprisonment . 
  the cases where no rehabilitation is possible are few and arguably are not worth setting a penalty that brings the democracy closer to an authoritarian system . 
  right to live is one of the core human rights . 
  for example , in socialist czechoslovakia , men and women were executed for political reasons . 
  at that point in time , being against communism was a reason enough to exercise death penalty . 
  who is to say - '' * this is death penalty worthy * '' and '' * this is not * '' ? 
  on a semi-related note , juncker is one person , one politician , and you will find many who do not agree with him . 
  if i wrote it all up we 'd be here until the night , but here are some cherry picks : * south african girl in her 20s who decided to hitchhike europe as a fuck you to her boyfriend who went travelling with his mates and left her at home . 
  she 'd laugh about how southern europeans were losing their shit when dancing around her because she was blonde . 
  * trio of ukrainians who went travelling around italy without a single penny . 
  they earned money by being `` living statues '' using props found around town like a thrown out carpet or a palm leaf . 
  they were very friendly , shared booze with us and insisted we eat a horribly smelly cheese they had . 
  * a lone australian living in corsica who owned a restaurant . 
  apparently he fell in love with a particular small village ( almost no tourism ) so much he needed to open his own restaurant there . 
  his food was horrible though . 
  * two american women in their 30s doing a eurotrip to meet european husbands . 
  they grudgingly admitted they have n't had much success so far but were still hopeful . 
  * the most international girl in the world - born in india , grew up in france , married a german . 
  she spoke 3 indian languages , french , spanish , portugese , english and german and worked as a certified interpreter ( french < -  german ) . 
  still blows my mind . 
  according to the internet , it 's [ jozin z bazin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3tg1x5ewag ) featuring some sick-ass dance moves . 
   this is niko . 
   cousin ,  you vanna go bowling ? 
  stop fucking around in the region and let the people live for once 2 . ), 
  take in refugees from countries impacted by wars where usa were involved, 
  * junk food now easily available * companies are being even bigger dicks to their employees * my personal data is being sold by social media sites * more big budget tv shows and movies in the teevo thanks , ` murka, 
  in addition to answers you will get here , x-post to / r/iwantout, 
  sure everyone should speak another language . 
  people should also not drink , not smoke , work out , do yoga , meditate , read , do charity , go to bed early , volunteer , clean up every day , donate blood , and so on and so forth . 
  you ca n't argue against it , most people can do it , but it does n't mean everybody wants to . 
  i only judge people with high education who can not speak a foreign language . 
  i think it 's a blow under the belt to make fun of people who only went to elementary school , worked as cashier , wood worker or car mechanic their whole lives and point at them with your finger and say , haaa you dumbasses , what 's your excuse ? 
  as for cz : * no tip at all is looked at as you 're not happy with the service and you 're letting them know * rounding up to a multiplier of 10 czk is completely acceptable * if bigger spending , around 10 % is about the standard * if extremely happy with the service ( which is rare ) , up to 20 % if you tip anything more than that , people will just think you do n't know how to count or are too drunk to add and subtract - which happens more often than you think . 
  it sure does !, 
  however , that 's just data on paper . 
  in reality , within the next 5 years , people forget the third language ( because it 's not commonly used in workplaces ) and do not really develop english skills ( unless workplace is english ) , so they stay ~ b1 ( lower intermediate for those who are not familiar with the framework ) . 
  there 's quite few people who hone the language skills to fluency , mostly because it 's just not needed from them . 
  and that 's regarding people with gymnazium and/or some uni , trade schools have even lower standards . 
   i speak 7 in total wew lad . 
  please do n't present that as some sort of norm in europe . 
  because we wish death came sooner and set us free from this prison . 
   i only speak one language . 
  okay . 
   i look like i should speak another language . 
  what does a person who should speak another language look like ? 
   and then people laugh when they find out i ca n't . 
  people ... laugh ? 
  where are you from ? 
   it makes me feel like i want to die and strangle people at the same time . 
  does anyone else know what i 'm feeling ? 
  how do you deal with it ? 
  yea obviously you suck at a language when you 've just started learning it . 
  just like you suck at guitar when you first pick it up , like you suck at programming when you just started , just like you suck at dating on your first date . 
  what do you normally do ? 
  toughen up , persist and learn . 
  less and less people will laugh at you as you continue , and more and more people will respect you for it . 
  just persist . 
   do you put salt on watermelon ? 
  mostly not , sometimes yes . 
   do you eat watermelon ? 
  i devour watermelon . 
   do you stick your face into the middle of 40cm long hunks of the red goodness ? 
  no , wtf . 
   was it considered uncouth to spit the seeds at your friends ? 
  did you do it anyway ? 
  what are those ... '' * friends * '' ... that you mention ? 
   did you have to spray off in the hose before getting back in the pool ? 
  that 's an oddly specific question . 
  take a seat , op , and tell me about your childhood traumas . 
  no idea what 's popular between kids these days , if i need new shoes i 'll probably grab something from rieker . 
  this bot is hilariously broken . 
  that 's ... pretty damn strange , from my western-slavic perspective . 
  older women sometimes wave at babies or talk to them in a baby voice and then tell the parents that they have a cute baby - but coming over out of the blue and asking to * kiss the baby * - i 'd view that as somewhat disturbing . 
  * edit : * by the way , this is the * second * weirdest thing we had in the mod queue today . 
  as far as i know , three eu countries offer freelances/entrepreneur visa : the netherlands , germany and czechia . 
  netherlands are an obviously good idea because of your language skills . 
  it 'll take very little effort to `` feel like home '' language-wise . 
  out of the three , the people are without competition the nicest . 
  germany is a good choice , because there are more opportunities , many employers , and your own current employer may be willing to relocate you to a local branch/headquarters on a work visa . 
  czechia is by far the cheapest out of the three and developers are very well paid . 
  another advantage is that czechs are extremely reserved and barely ever stick their nose into others ' business . 
  '' * live and let live * '' is basically the national motto . 
  op , you have to put some effort into your post if you expect people to give you any useful advice . 
  there are almost no do 's and do n'ts that apply to the whole continent ( save for the `` be aware of your surroundings '' , `` pick up a dictionary '' and shit like that ) and it 's slightly rage inducing especially since you explicitly wrote you searched the sub . 
  this pops up about weekly . 
  it 's a sort of a grey area . 
  originally it was meant to be possible to get unemployment benefits anywhere across eu , but this led to people from poorer regions to move to the richer countries and get more eurobucks there . 
  obviously , countries where this was starting to become a real phenomenon started fighting back against it . 
  currently the countries seem to decide independently on eu , with which some do not agree and there are lawsuits ( which applicants mostly lost , as fas as i know ) . 
  using germany as an example , unless you have worked here as a foreigner , you have no claim for unemployment benefits . 
  you do however qualify for unemployment benefits in your country of origin even if you live abroad . 
  however this is a horrible idea due to the difference in cost of living .
