  i might move one day again , but it wo n't be because germany sucks , but because i would have found something even better . 
  who knows . 
  hey everyone , op verified his identity with me . 
  he is indeed a veteran of bundeswehr . 
  * feuer frei * with your questions and as always , have fun !, 
   as a mod you 're supposed to ask the op for proof that he is in fact what he claims to be too . 
   verification is in progress !, 
  1 ) a friend of mine who enlisted in stuttgart always seems to be pretty pissed off about the financing of bundeswehr , claiming that there is no money for anything and as a result the equipment is a joke . 
  do you agree ? 
  2 ) what 's the most demanding situation you found yourself in during your service ? 
  it can be mental , physical , anything goes . 
  3 ) bullying in the military seems to be pretty widespread in many militaries around the globe . 
  how is it in bundeswehr in your experience ? 
  4 ) mandatory military service - would you say good idea or bad idea in contemporary europe , and why ? 
  he was probably taking a piss because here we do n't take our moms with us to pubs or bars , just restaurants . 
  cheaper in the usa * housing * cars * gas cheaper in the cz * beer * health insurance * university fees, 
  do n't mean to rain on your parade ( pun sort of intended ) , but the more sun there is in a european country , the worse off the economy is . 
  the sunny , summery regions are struggling with record unemployment , and as such are not advisable to move to as a foreigner - finding a job as a foreigner is always harder . 
  germany , netherlands and sweden wo n't really be that much warmer or sunnier than denmark - but how about southern france ? 
  seems to check a lot of the boxes for you . 
   what do europeans think about freedom and democracy in africa ? 
  i think it 's a train-wreck . 
  no end in sight to it , either . 
  i do n't . 
  no one in my family does . 
  nobody i know personally does . 
  suspicious poster is suspicious . 
  americans are not any dumber than any other western country citizens . 
  i do n't hate americans . 
  ladies get to drink whatever they want . 
  whether a woman orders a beer , a liqueur or a cocktail , no one will bat an eye . 
  men of course have to face the '' * huh huh i 'm a men 's man * '' mentality , so if your mates order beers and you really feel like having that sex on the beach , get ready to listen to some jokes about your masculinity . 
  it 's not like they 'd get up and leave or not talk to you ever again though . 
  and on the plus side - cocktail bars are great places to meet fun women in good mood . 
   what do you all think amarican craft beer ? 
  i 'm happy that americans started looking for alternatives to the piss that the big corporations call beer . 
  i never had one ( how does one get one ? 
  does it even get exported ? ), 
  but people tell me it 's a lot better , albeit slightly hipster-y . 
  in the cities , gardens are either non-existent or are small and not worth hiring anyone for . 
  in the countryside gardens can be quite big but people 'd rather hire a willing kid or one of those `` handy neighbors '' ( who kind of meddle in everything ) rather than a specialized company . 
  thank you for the long answer , very insightful !, 
   but based on my experiences and that of others , it is getting incredibly hard to integrate successfully these days . 
  could you explain to me why is it getting harder to integrate these days ? 
  from your post , it does not seem any different/more difficult in other parts of europe , well , save for the skiing part :d, 
  forgot to read the rules before posting , did we ? 
   1.3 ) petitions , surveys , advertising , and amas must be cleared with the moderators before submission . 
  said submissions must be substantial in their contribution to the subreddit . 
  send us a modmail with link to your survey before submitting it . 
  xing is a brilliant idea . 
  '' * hey markus , i have a great business plan * '' `` ja , what ? '', 
  '' * so it 's like linkedin ... * '' `` na und ? '', 
  '' * ... but it 's in german !, 
  * '' `` thomas , you are a fucking genius . '', 
  if you work at a hardware store , it would typically have a van of its own for these purposes . 
  usually private persons do not own them ( they 're expensive and so is gas so people normally have a normal car ) but various companies and tradesmen do . 
  normally you 'd hire someone or rent it for yourself . 
  thanks for an honest answer !, 
  i 'm curious , you say most immigrant groups integrate quite successfully , but some pakistani communities stand out in kind of being stuck in their old ways . 
  is there an obvious explanation for why it is that way ? 
   i think you can guess what i 'm listening in spotify right now . 
  american rap , because you do n't give a shit what people think about you ? 
   i 'd also add some pop culture references for the netherlands too . 
  this is from my personal experience actually quite difficult . 
  example from just yesterday - i was chatting with a colleague at work about emoji the movie and how i feel it 's my duty to watch shitty movies to educate myself , and then she asks if i know '' * [ pulli ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=pulli&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch ) * '' . 
  i laughed because i had no idea why she 's ask me something like that . 
  but it turns out there 's a guy called '' * [ bully ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_herbig ) * '' who is apparently a big thing in germany , and not once i even heard of him existing , not to mention know his movies . 
  they 're probably not all that known outside german-speaking countries , but locals ca n't understand how come i have not seen them . 
  which reminds me to ask about must-see movies over at / r/fragreddit so i can call myself integrated . 
  no requirements about behavior at all ? 
  as long as i can cook pasta and talk to you in italian , it 's a free pass ? 
   participate in the community how does one participate in the community in the netherlands ? 
  stepstone , monster , indeed , linkedin . 
   good ally though could you elaborate in more detail , why is switzerland seen as a good ally ? 
  we always keep cold head and a sense of humor . 
  i really enjoyed reading collections from old joked from socialism . 
  even with secret police , snitches and the looming threat to be sent to the mines for the rest of your life , it still did n't stop people from joking about the government , russians and stalin . 
  we 're world class experts in making things affordable yet high quality , and we 're doing quite well in democracy , it could honestly be much worse . 
  ... and we have n't invaded a country in a long , long time , so we do out part in keeping the world peace . 
  joke 's on you . 
  that 's not a typo at all . 
   are you trying to say that nowadays nazis do n't exist ? 
  it 's a generally slavic term that has no direct translation to english , but stems from : '' * sr\u00e1t * '' ( to shit ) '' * na * '' ( on , to ) so you could loosely translate it to '' * fuck it * '' , '' * screw that * '' or '' * fuck off * '', 
  no lol she said it grinning ( as in '' * look at me , speaking a foreign language like a boss * ! '' ), 
  which only made it look like she was trying to be funny . 
  germans do n't see americans as `` their children '' and ancestry means generally very little around here . 
  americans are looked at like people of any other western developed country . 
  disregard the flair for this one , this is experience from germany . 
  i do n't know any refugees , or muslims or folks from mena in cz for that matter . 
  personally i know asylum seekers of four nationalities , but i may be forgetting someone . 
  * 2 pakistanis - scrawny , tiny dudes who were buying something from me on ebay and we chatted around for a bit . 
  fled the country because of fighting . 
  quite pleasant and very polite . 
  * syrian guy - came before the main wave , back when borders were checked . 
  he said he got in on his 5th try on a train from france . 
  lives with his uncle now , did a german course . 
  currently works as a male prostitute ( which is better than nothing i guess ) and does some drugs . 
  zero fucks about religion but self-describes as believer . 
  * algerian guy - very religious . 
  also plays xbox and football a lot .
