  sometimes riots in america make the news and the media outlets usually post photos of african americans rioting and looting , no idea how much of that is truthful or not . 
  native americans , not really viewed at all anymore . 
  people associate them with the colonization times due to history lessons and popular culture ( western movies ) , but nobody really knows what the remainder of them is up to these days . 
  you can easily do it yourself : 1 . click on change flair on the sidebar 2 . select your flag 3 . rewrite the text field that says your country name with whatever you want 4 . save 5 . have patience until the website rolls out your new flair . 
  6 . magic !, 
  just keep in mind mobile users of many apps wo n't see the picture flair , only the text you wrote , so do n't go too crazy . 
  negative ones : * everyone is an alcoholic and will drink on any occasion and any time of the day * women will fuck just about anyone and anywhere ( and on camera ) if they get 200 $ for it . 
  * we have an accent that 's identical to the russian one . 
  as a matter of fact - we all speak russian here . 
  positive ones : * we all love diy and gardening * every czech is a hidden musical talent, 
  from my personal experience - anywhere in the eu . 
  czech republic is a wet dream of every late teenager / early 20-and-something . 
  * beer is everywhere , tastes great and is about as expensive as water . 
  drinking is not a taboo and is not frowned upon in the society . 
  * the ( younger ) people take good care of themselves and are therefore quite attractive . 
  women do like foreigners and everyone younger than 35 speaks english decently . 
  we also like to party and it 's easy to meet someone . 
  * torrenting on small scale has not ( yet ) been punished by law . 
  * weed laws exist but if you stick to personal use you 'll hardly have any trouble . 
  * prague is beautiful and is much cheaper to live in than western/northern europe . 
  i 'll do a round of people above me :  norway hot and rich people , thanks for the tourism !, 
   uk thanks for giving the world my favorite language !, 
   germany thanks for a place to live , place to work and places to buy d\u00f6ner !, 
   canada you guys are the most foreigner-friendly anglosphere country . 
  i 'm happy where i am , but good for you , a lot of people love you for that . 
   france some of the chillest people in europe . 
  10/10 would befriend again . 
   usa thanks for all the movies and music , the world would be a bit more boring place without you guys . 
   is there an eu immigration subreddit ? 
  that 'd be / r/iwantout  as a french citizen , you can have your immediate family ( spouse and children ) live with you on a dependent visa , meaning they can only stay in the country as long as you are . 
  it takes a while to process but is otherwise one of the most straightforward visa . 
  op is apparently currently sitting in a classroom , taking a test and sweating profusely , because they have no idea about european capitals . 
  good luck op , and study more next time !, 
  why so confrontative ? 
  that 's not my opinion , i 'm explaining what the mood in my country is . 
  you can belittle and mock the people as much as you want , it does n't change the fact that that 's the way they see it . 
  much of the money from eu is pocketed by corrupt politicians ( surprise ) and practical results are rarely noticed by the public . 
  czech products are not as much a problem of the actual products but are seen as loss of national identity . 
  if you know the history , you can imagine that 's a sensitive topic here after all the invasions , occupations , protectorates and so on . 
  i had the nerve to grab my old answer to pretty much the same question from a few months back . 
  still the same experiences my good man . 
  because czech politicians are spineless . 
  they 'll be against it on domestic politic scene , but in brussels , they 'll politely smile and nod . 
  that 's not the case for polish and hungarian politicians who are quite vocal against it , but the only thing this achieved so far has only been threats from eu about punishment , which is a bad idea anyway because - see my post above . 
  according to the polls , only 30 % of czechs ( most likely the young and the well-off ) think that eu membership is a good idea , and if there was a referendum , i do n't know how that would end . 
  probably * czechout * . 
  yelling at each other does n't achieve anything , western politicians yell at eastern ones and vice versa - and everything stays exactly like it was before . 
  that is a good question and there is no simple one sentence answer , just points that influence the whole and i 'll try answering how the public feels rather than myself . 
  * to the right there is pissed off russia that like to reminisce of the * good old times * , to the left there is western europe in all it 's progressive , prosperous glory . 
  we 're the bad ones - the poorer , the less productive . 
  that leads many people to isolationism and anti-eu stance . 
  * democracy is still relatively new , only about one or two generations . 
  before that , there was totalitarianism and people who had to live through it do n't feel like they owe anything to anyone . 
  charity is not much of a thing in v4 and even less so to people from a different continent with different life values and religion . 
  * historical mistrust . 
  you 'd be surprised how many ( most oftenly older generations ) people hold grudge against france , britain and germany for stuff like the [ munich agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement ) or start of wwii in poland - especially when these countries are now far better off . 
  now for example , prague is a place where people are doing fine for themselves . 
  but that 's only 1/10 people in the republic . 
  the politicians know who the voters are , and parties who are strongly pro-eu , pro-refugee and pro-pc have had very very bad results in the elections , so pushing in this direction is a fast ticket not to get elected - and politicians here love to stay in their positions . 
  living in germany , story time !, 
  first refugees i ever met were pakistanis . 
  two tiny guys ( by european standards ) who came over to buy dumbbells from me . 
  they just arrived , but tried their level best to speak german . 
  they had no backpack to put the dumbbells into so i gave them my old backpack so they can carry it back . 
  they were super thrilled and insisted i take 10 $ more . 
  genuinely nice . 
  i also met a syrian who got his trip sponsored by his ( rich ) family , he travelled into germany by train , got sent away a few times , and on the 4th time he travelled from france and no one caught him . 
  he now lives with his distant uncle and is a male prostitute . 
  pretty chill guy , even though he has zero respect for any german authority . 
  about 6 months later , company where i work started `` inclusive '' program and hired a refugee from syria to one position by priority ( only refugees allowed ) . 
  guy was a young , silent , nice and hardworking fella whose parents shipped him away even though they were not in the warzones . 
  after his probation period ended , he got a promotion and relocation - pretty well deserved . 
  upon seeing the success , the company got another syrian to another position . 
  this guy however was a disaster . 
  he did fuck all work , he was always late and sometimes he came to the office at night so he can use the internet . 
  he did n't pass even the first 1/3 of the probation and got sacked . 
  the company did n't continue the refugee program after that . 
  recently a close friend started an intensive german course . 
  normally it costs about 500 $ per month , so people who manage to get in are pretty serious about it , since it costs a lot in the long term . 
  the class is 50 % composed of young afghanis , and the shit i hear they do is stuff of nightmares . 
  they come in , turn on music on their headphones and ignore the teacher completely . 
  they 're aggressive and arrogant . 
  they make sexual comments about other participants , shout at each other during the class in their native language and generally are only there , because the government covers their costs completely and forces them to participate . 
  recently we also got a pakistani refugee intern . 
  i 'll tell you all about it next time . 
   got a question for a european , about europe or anything europe related ? 
  then you came to the right place !, 
  so what 's your question , guy ? 
  worked in cz , now work in germany : can confirm what your colleagues told you , op . 
  in my humble opinion the faster swapping of positions in cz comes from several things , like lack of appreciation from the employer , unqualified management that 's unable to keep good workers and being receiving sub-par salary for the work you do . 
  in germany , all of this is just less present in a similarly respectable company . 
  good work gets acknowledged , management listens to its employees and trusts it 's them who know better because they do the job every day , not the managers because they have a higher rank . 
  and obviously the salaries in germany correspond much better to the value brought to the company than in cz . 
  work councils and unions in germany do a good job and protect employees ' interests - in cz , they are either non-existent or a total joke . 
  not to say it 's `` perfect '' in germany , but they 're a long way ahead of us when it comes to fair play in workplace . 
  and last but not least - cultural norm . 
  germans like to be seen as experts in their field/job . 
  and if you jump between companies and positions every year or two , you ca n't be one . 
  something something something calling people nazis when they do n't agree with your opinion . 
  \\  work in a strange country mopping up floors at night \\  do n't speak the language but whatever , i 'm a mopping rockstar \\  one day an excited customer comes and celebrates his happy life by dancing , singing and helping us put monitors in their place \\  a colleague joins in the celebrations and asks me for a birthday present , he tells me in his strange language he needs a new phone \\  i already gave him cake for his last birthday last week but i guess that 's how it works here \\  he makes a short call and in the meantime two policemen arrest the happy man for celebrating too much \\  colleague is sad and no longer feels like celebrating his birthday and gives me my phone back \\  what a strange country,
