  used to admire usa after she went through her makeover in 1989 , but as time passed by , she sees him more with the flaws he has . 
  is still unsure if eu is a good guy like everyone says or secretly a psychopathic abuser with rich parents who will do anything to get ahead . 
  thinks saudi arabia is mental and belongs behind the bars . 
  never heard of it , but the title is pretty self-explanatory . 
  does the show 's host eat the foods like they 're supposed to be eaten ? 
  that 's often not the case with some of the smelly food . 
   ex-yugoslavians run pizza places that explains the thread about quality of pizzas in sweden . 
  we 've been sticking to the [ wikipedia 's definition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_area ) until now . 
  reworking the banner also requires someone with knowledge of css and something like photoshop , which is not necessarily anyone from the modteam . 
  in that case , we would have to get it commissioned . 
  however , i 'll keep an eye out on opinions in this thread and if the inclusion gets overwhelming support , we 'll consider making it happen . 
  it seemed like a wonderful idea then and there , but i was so blacked out drunk that when i woke up , i did n't remember most of the night , these two incidents included . 
  so i woke up , my knuckles riddled with splinters and my clothes full of thorns . 
  the shame when i had to ask the other party goers what happened and i uncovered the truth piece by piece . 
  and i had to apologize to the poor lady whose rose hedge it was , because my athletic slavic body left a `` u '' shaped hole in it , one meter wide . 
  the moral of the story - do n't drink anything green colored . 
  getting into a fist fight with a tree and taking a nose dive into a hedge of roses . 
  i had a pretty achy morning after this , 
   how obese are people in your country ? 
  40 % of population overweight , 20 % obese . 
  these numbers correlate with age , wealth and education - so the obvious advice is to not age , go to university and earn fat stacks . 
   what do most there think about it ? 
  nothing , really . 
  some people are fat and some are not . 
  it 's common to call someone a fatass if you want to insult them , just like it 's common to call someone a skeleton if they 're skinny . 
  people do n't think about it too much . 
   how often ` fat shaming ' happen ? 
  what exactly is fat shaming ? 
  like calling someone out and give them crap about how fat they are ? 
  if that 's it , then probably never , unless the two people have some beef . 
  hi everyone , as per op 's request , we are now locking this thread . 
  thanks everyone for not breaking the rules even though it was a controversial question , best community ever !, 
  do n't be sad the subreddit does n't exist - rejoice , because you can create it !, 
  i got into an accident twice on a motorcycle ( both times by a car drivers fault ) and i can tell you both times i was really grateful for every bit of extra protection that i had then and there . 
  i 'm alive , i 'm not disabled and my face does n't look like chop suey . 
  if the only downside is not looking hip in another country 's book , i 'll take it . 
  nope . 
  maybe my family is too pleb for something like this though . 
  / r/askeuropeannoblemen . . ? 
  [ last asked two days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/66c2zy/how_do_europeans_feel_about_america/ ) i also recommend you use the search function on the sidebar , you 'll find dozens of these threads . 
   i have never been on a solo travel or left the country ( i 'm from texas ) . 
  be prepared that not every single european does not speak english . 
  this sub does not represent the general population of europe . 
  in beriln - 50 % chance the person will be able to answer you in english in prague and krakow - 30 % chance the person will be able to answer you in english in rome - 20 % chance so pick up some words until you leave . 
  since you travel alone , you have no one to back you up and a few basic words can get you out of a lot of trouble . 
   which do you think would have the most to offer someone who really just wants to experience of life in another country ? 
  you can do that anywhere , as long as you avoid tourist centers completely . 
  life in tourist centers does not represent daily life of locals by any measure , it 's just a display of what tourists normally like to see . 
   are there any other ideas that would be worth considering ? 
  poland and cz do not have euro , so have local currency with you . 
  or too much cocaine . 
  why are modern day shootings in america most often carried out by americans ? 
  the only american sports cars i ever saw in europe were mustangs . 
  as far as i know , they have to get imported , so it 's pretty expensive to get your hands on one in the first place . 
  at least that 's what a friend told me . 
  they 're pretty neat looking cars . 
  i 'd say they 're a rarity though , i get to see one on the streets about as often as a lamborghini or ferrari - and my guess is it 's the similar kind of people who own them . 
  yeah , just a different bunch of cunts being responsible for it . 
  honestly ca n't remember a time in europe where there were no terrorist attacks . 
  just remember ira , spain or russia ... 
  i import my old outlook files and just read e-mails from 10-15 years ago . 
  we forget way too god damn quick about things , events and people . 
  you do n't notice yourself changing overnight , but you 10 years ago ? 
  a completely different person . 
  fair game !, 
  cz is tiny and moravia is too , so let 's take a country that 's as big ( nay , bigger ) and important - india . 
  while lower gdp per head , india has a successful space program , nuclear arsenal , endless amount of capable scientists , large army that can hold its own and powerful industry that did well adapting to needs of the west . 
  indians successfully expatriate to countries around the world , so everyone probably knows at least one indian personally - no obscure isolated country . 
  good contender , right ? 
  so to turn the original question on its head , how is ** kerala ** viewed in the usa ? 
  there 's only one way to find out !, 
   i 'm on the mobile app , can you add a flair from that ? 
  i 'm american . 
  as a friendly neighbor mod , i hereby grant you the american flag !, 
  liberals and hippies who smoke way too much pot and say `` dude '' a lot . 
  want to declare independence from usa because most of them did not vote for the current president . 
  * meta * - asking about a region of your country is a far stretch and probably wo n't go further than some stereotypes . 
  for example op , how is moravia viewed in usa ? 
  i do n't think usa is evil , that it craves global dominance or eradication of all other nations or genocide of a particular race or religion . 
  or something like that . 
  however , i do believe that just like russia or china , usa is selfish and protects their own interests first at the expense of other countries that are seen as expendable . 
  kuwait , iraq - we want oil , so fuck 'em , let 's make up a reason to take it over . 
  it 's no secret usa will gladly deploy forces anywhere nearby its rivals to destabilize the region ( middle east , korea , vietnam ) while happily sending funds and heavy weaponry to strategic allies , regardless how questionably they behave ( saudi arabia , israel ) . 
  i do n't see net positive in that , i see it comparably to how russia controls its sphere of influence ( georgia , ukraine ) . 
  but through pr , cultural export and economical supremacy , you 're the good guys . 
  not the other guys , who do more or less the same thing . 
   what other global power would you really want though ? 
  i do n't want any global power . 
  we were ruled by austrian empire , by vatican , by nazis , by soviet communists . 
  now we are in the eu and nato and just want to be left alone . 
  * edit : * also your flag is missing , but my guess is usa ? 
   any things she should know ? 
  yes . 
  when in rome , do as romans do . 
   but , but , i watched a documentary :( no dude , that was a porno :d, 
  they banned it because of a couple of reasons : 1 . laws did n't clearly define if it 's a motorized vehicle or not , and as such , if it belongs on the sidewalks or on the road 2 . there have been numerous incidents where a drunk tourist hopped on a segway and crashed into a pedestrian 3 . some bimbo drove it into the river 4 . locals complained about it constantly , and politicians were too lazy to come up with regulations , so they banned it altogether . 
   sorry i did not know the local populace did not like them :( do n't worry too much . 
  it 'd be ok if prague was n't a party/drinking city and if there were clear rules for using ( or even lanes for segways ) but this way , it just did n't work out . 
   segway tours are fun segways have been banned in prague . 
  finally .
