  for computer science - cvut , vse . 
   what is a language other than english that most european speak no such thing , but many people learn german , french or spanish as third language . 
  month ago - a cockface now - a cockface next month - still a cockface, 
   my main question is , is this realistic ?? 
  first and most important - with an eu passport , you can just move to any eu country . 
  today , tomorrow , or the day after . 
  just like that . 
  so yes , quite realistic . 
   will there be jobs available there are jobs in medicine and care , but the study programs are usually very competitive - but that 's up to you to take care of that . 
  as you 're already a bit older than usual freshmen , you may not qualify for free tuition in every eu country . 
   will it be easy to make friends making friends as an adult is generally not as easy as when you 're a teenager , but it also depends heavily on your personality . 
  if you put effort in , you 'll get new friends in no time . 
   and will i be too old to get married ?? 
  lol , my friends started getting married around 28 , and that 's the lowest end . 
  not to say people are n't in serious relationships by this age , but it 's not quite game over either . 
  and i know people who have been deported from countries exactly for that reason . 
  that some people do it makes it neither right nor legal . 
   this would affect alot of jobs and economy as mutual countries have employees traveling frequently . 
  wrong . 
  you only do n't need visa for a tourist stay of up to 3 months ( normally known as what would be * tourist visa * ) for work , studying and business , americans need visa in europe and europeans need visa in america . 
  realistically , it 'd just make american tourist have to go through the whole bureaucratic visa application schtick , which they 'd get after paying some money and waiting a few weeks . 
  i would n't say that too loudly , the whole / r/askeurope mod team are brits :d, 
  the guy who made the comment is a brit , according to post history . 
  also an active / r/europe poster . 
  however :  how does europe manage to produce such ignorance ? 
  hur dur dur on my continent we do n't have ignorant people at all , dur dur . 
  go away troll . 
  not on reddit ( almost no one in cz uses or knows reddit ) , but politicians often do `` ama '' on news portals like idnes.cz the questions are moderated to some extent , so you ca n't call your prime minister a cuntface even if you want to . 
  because they are n't cheapskates like us and put proper ingredients into it . 
  there are riots in low-income suburbs of big french cities sparked by alleged police brutality on a kid with immigration background . 
  you 'll be fine in tourist centers . 
  your mom sounds like she should talk to a therapist though . 
  no offense man , it just sounds like she 's kind of going down the downward spiral . 
  paranoia and information sources that reinforce it is a bad combo . 
   is the english any good or is it just basic sayings ? 
  with general populace it ranges from a2 ( '' * i 'd like to have a soup , please * '' ) to b2 ( '' * this establishment has questionable reputation * '' ) . 
  quite a few people ( 10-20 % of population ) speak fluently or damn-near , like the fine people on this sub . 
   my second question is where would you people recommend as a country to attend college in ? 
  how much money are you willing to invest and what languages do you speak ? 
  because bachelor 's programs are most commonly in the local language . 
   so my final question is , is there a violent anti-american sentiment where you are ? 
  ** lol ** that 's so stupid . 
  there 's so many americans everywhere i go . 
  if they get hate , it 's because they do n't bother learning local languages for the most part ( at least in prague ) , not because of politics . 
  for anyone wondering , op is talking about [ this division of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_geoscheme_for_europe ) there is no central europe , if it 's in the center and had no communism , it 's western europe , if it 's in the center and it had communism , it 's eastern . 
   they had ( and still have ) an steyr tractor til steyr produces also something else than [ funky-looking assault rifles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steyr_aug ), 
  totally yes . 
  ex-father in law was a water quality controller at a brewery and he was adamant the water is just fine . 
  you know the sound gears make when you pour sand inbetween them ? 
  kind of like that . 
  it 's a bit `` grindy '' . 
   also , what tattoos would someone get that represent the country/heritage you are from ? 
  totally not a thing over here unless you 're a literal nazi . 
   european english is there also asian english and african english ? 
  what 's your goal then ? 
  if your goal is to see as many monuments as possible , then london/paris/rome is a good combination . 
  if your goal is to `` get to know '' europe , then it 's not a good plan at all . 
  no germanic countries , no nordic countries , no slavic countries . 
  if your goal is to party hard , then arguably not good choice either . 
  it 'd be a bit cost innefective . 
  i 'd love to , but i 've become a penguin and as such do n't have a bank account . 
  is patriotism exclusive ? 
  for example , i was born in the czech republic but at some point in life moved to germany . 
  i like germany and although i have not grown up here , i am grateful for the opportunities and benefits living and working here without a doubt gives me . 
  can i be a czech patriot of birth and at the same time german patriot because i like the country ? 
  that 's right !, 
  but they have 2600 people online , and that 's when all americans ( which form majority of redittors ) are sound asleep ... that being said , the new cancerous replacement / r/dankmemes are probably taking over in popularity . 
  i wish . 
  / r/adviceanimals has 4 fucking million subscribers . 
  place where i was born . 
  the people there speak the same language as my parents . 
  i grew up there and therefore i know it better than other countries . 
  this sense of familiarity makes me like the country . 
  i guess that 's it . 
  i do n't feel many emotions about my country either way . 
  being born there was a roll of the dice , it 's not my achievement to be born specifically there . 
  i also might have been born icelandic , nigerian prince or a penguin . 
  that kind of `` unpopular '' opinion is [ meme material ] ( http://imgur.com/a/yxgek ) . 
   am now at the age and place in my life that moving to a major eu city ( paris , london , or rome ) i could only recommend these cities if you hate yourself and want to punish yourself every day of your life . 
  * * paris * - crowded , too many tourists , expensive * * london * - crowded , too many tourists , expensive * * rome * - crowded , too many tourists , expensive and why would anyone move to italy for work these days ? 
  first advice - look into more cities than literally the top 3 tourist european cities . 
  second advice - job market for recent ba graduates who do n't speak the local languages is bad . 
  you 'd want work visa but will have trouble finding a company willing to sponsor it . 
  i 'd point you to / r/iwantout which is full of your countrymen who already managed to come to europe so they can give you tips from the inside . 
  some try , i was pleasantly surprised . 
  many learn vocab like `` pay '' , `` thanks '' and some numbers . 
  but what i was pointing at is that most tourists realize that while tourist industry workers will speak english to some extent , no one else necessarily does ( because it works the same in their own countries ) i saw americans asking directions from a lady in here late 70s - she looked like she thought she 's getting mugged . 
  another time , two american young women had no ticket in the tram and tried to persuade the gentleman whose job it is to check them while he only shook his head and kept repeating the fine in czech . 
  prague represent - way too many fucking tourists . 
  i 'm glad some of my countrymen get a share of the tourism revenue , but tourists in prague are pretty annoying . 
  as a beer capital we attract a number of people who just come over to get fucked up and then they make mess . 
  that 's why you barely come across any locals in the center anymore . 
  / rant * japanese and chinese * - in it to take endless number of photos of the buildings * spanish and italians * - mostly school-age young people on organized school trips . 
  usually sober , very loud though . 
  * brits and germans * - 20 somethings who heard there 's cheap beer and you 'll see them drunk in the middle of the day pissing on that ancient statue or vomiting at a cathedral . 
  too loud shut up . 
  * russians * - they act like they own the place . 
  they usually do ( businesses , restaurants and such ) * americans * - mandatory stop during their eurotrip . 
  either speak english to everyone ( awkward ) or think no one understand them ( even more awkward ) * nordics and dutch ) * - teens who are coming to get drunk like it 's going to redeem their sinful souls . 
  last two years their government started sending local cops with them to keep an eye on them .
