  wtf . 
   do you have any questions about american healthcare for me ? 
  why do the american people tolerate or even support the nonsensical system ? 
   what 's up with your colonies are you still bros ? 
  this one hurts every time i see it posted :(, 
   it 's just about trying to be responsible i 'm going to be downvoted , because everybody on reddit pretends they know everything in the world , but here goes - why does stripping my pet of reproduction organs equals being responsible ? 
   and not bringing a ton of new puppies into the world that wo n't find good homes . 
  i do n't know how you treat or train your dog ( s ) , but i do n't let mine run around without a strong leash , without my supervision and i certainly do not let him hump strange dogs on the streets . 
   here , if someone does n't get their dog neutered , people would consider them to be really irresponsible . 
  it 's very much ingrained for most pet owners . 
  i understand that , but even emotion aside , i do n't stand for it even rationally . 
  he has no behavioral problems and does n't need to `` calm down '' . 
  he 's a champion dog with very strong bloodline , and if i have him neutered , i 'd cut his heritage . 
  just sounds like a pretty big decision to make . 
   thought you were a girl for some reason . 
  thanks , i guess . 
  i get it man . 
  but op asked why some people do n't do it , not why some people do . 
   why is this ? 
  my pupper is my best friend . 
  the thought of letting somebody cut his balls off breaks my heart . 
  if my dog let a doctor cut my balls off , i 'd be really pissed off at him . 
  man , just thinking about this makes me want to give my doggo a treat . 
  moravia , also known as western asia . 
  have n't heard of it until now . 
  any good articles about it ? 
  depends what the reason for the delays was , you can however force them to reimburse you for their damages or sue their ass by proxy with services like : https://www.refund.me/ or https://www.airhelp.com/en/ i used this service once and sadly had tough luck ( delay was `` oficially '' caused by medical cause landing and therefore the company does not have to pay up ) but otherwise it seems solid . 
   also , it might sound like a stupid question , but you are from czechoslovakia , right ? 
  technically yes , i was born in czechia back when czechia and slovakia still were one country , czechoslovakia . 
  in 1993 , [ czechoslovakia dissolved into two sovereign countries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dissolution_of_czechoslovakia ) . 
  these days , people just say either i 'm from czechia or i 'm from slovakia , depending in which territory/region exactly they were born . 
   well , sm\u00edchov is a story for itself , that 's true . 
  i do n't know how this particular district managed to become such a dirty and shady place do n't get me started ... 
  i actually grew up in prague 5 and i remember times when andel used to be a nice , calm and clean place . 
  it started getting worse with opening of carrefour ( now tesco in novy smichov ) and the last nail to the coffin was when the cops decided to shoo hobos away from `` sherwood '' in the main train station . 
  of course the hobos did n't disappear into thin air . 
  they just moved to smichov . 
   too many hobos ? 
  i do n't get to see them too often , i 've akways thought this issue has been actually smaller here than in other large cities i used to think the same until i moved to germany . 
  there are definitely too many hobos in prague . 
  for example , i used to work at smichovske nadrazi . 
  they 're * always * there , you get off the metro 7 in the morning and they 're already drinking bottled wine and smelling up the place in a better case , begging , yelling or bothering people with a dog in worse case . 
  do n't want . 
  beautiful nature , brutal income divide , slums , violent crime , attractive people , awesome parties . 
  do n't know any brazilians personally though , which is odd . 
  where are y' all hiding ? 
  everyone 's drunk at night . 
  god have mercy on your soul if you have to be in prague at night and be sober . 
  tourists completely took over the center , but the problems are really people making business out of tourists . 
  casinos , dealers , exchange offices and kitsch shops - there 's too many and they 're about as pleasant as a baseball up my arse . 
  there 's too many hobos . 
  v\u00ed sp\u00edk de best ingli\u0161 , bikoz aur edukej\u0161n systm is sou guut !, 
  sound amazing !, 
  let me know if you need someone modding the place ^ i ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ guy, 
  friendl ** ier ** service in restaurants as a standard . 
  sometimes the pissed-off , sour or long faces make me want to get my fucking food from the kitchen myself . 
  i did n't kill your whole family , i asked for a meal and a drink . 
  nobody forced you to take this job , you want my tip money , so work for it a little ? 
  * edit * : people , by friendlier i mean being more polite and professional . 
  i do n't want anyone to chit-chat me to death , i just want to see snappier service , maybe checking once or twice if i want something without having to call the service over every time , and no '' * ugh what does this fucker want * '' reactions . 
  i live in germany though , hence knowing shipping prices in germany , d\u00f6ner prices and so on , 
  d\u00f6ner with cheese is 5,50 $ at my favorite place :(, 
   it 's about 13 $ with dhl so not really expensive but that 's like double the standard shipping costs if you order something online . 
  or two d\u00f6ners , if we 're translating the money to the real world . 
  one/all of the following : 1 . 
  fondly remembering this year 's april fools 2 . 
  manifest of my ongoing nationality crisis caused by living abroad for extended periods of time 3 . 
  * edit : * yeah people are already getting confused , i have to set it back for now . 
  from op 's other thread :  besides france , we will be stopping in belgium , netherlands , czech republic , hungary , croatia , greece , italy , spain , portugal . 
  then we are heading to morocco , egypt , and lebanon . 
  there is no import tax within eu , but get ready for some expensive-ass shipping fees . 
  you 'll also want to insure the package , considering the contents . 
  is that a reference to product questions at amazon.de ? 
   why do you think there 's less attachment towards universities there ? 
  * college sport is not a thing outside pe * there are no sororities and fraternities , just normal dorms * europeans are generally less * proud * of everything than americans, 
   how influential or important is the partner of your prime minister ? 
  she 's always been keeping in the shadows and avoiding being a public figure , until recently i did n't even know what she looked like . 
  if you 're wondering , [ that 's her ] ( http://img.blesk.cz/img/1/normal620/3033534_sobotkova-olga-premier-manzelka-sobotka-v0.jpg?v=0 ) . 
  in the past , it has mostly been the same . 
  wives ( and potentially husbands ) of prime ministers have no duties or expectations attached to them , are not members of the party usually and are not involved in politics . 
  sometimes tabloids report on them but that 's about it . 
   how influential or important is the partner of your president ? 
  also not a fan of public life ( as she is a `` common woman '' ) , however keeps the tradition and keeps the president company on official trips . 
  she always seems somehow really awkward , as if she 'd rather be gardening or weaving a sweatshirt and not representing the country . 
  the prez sometimes sends her to businesses to increase publicity , which usually [ looks like this ] ( http://img.blesk.cz/img/1/normal620/2667582_ivana-zemanova-prvni-dama-manzelka-prezident-milos-zeman-armada-vojsko-v1.jpg?v=1 ) . 
  in the past , first ladies would usually politely smile , not talk much and be on photos . 
  sometimes they also get involved in charity . 
   if we 're both living in praha , can we marry there ? 
  yeah . 
  there is definitely a strong `` wedding tourism '' in prague . 
  i 've met quite a few russians and israelis who did exactly that . 
  the foreigner police headquarters ( where you get one of the documents ) is always full of them . 
  there are agencies who will take care of the requirements for you . 
   will she be able to get right of abode if i , as a brit , am still allowed to live there ? 
  that depends on brexit , but a likely scenario is that as a working ( presumably ) brit , you will be either granted residency or work visa so you can stay . 
  in either way , your wife may stay with you on a dependent visa . 
  just a heads up , nobody in the foreigner police in prague is willing to speak anything but czech . 
   she wanted to move to america and get a green card , 
  you put in an honest effort and gave it your best , which is already more than most americans in europe can say about speaking languages . 
  if it 's not meant to be , it 's not meant to be .
