   what are your views on this matter ? 
  it 's kind of weird and does n't serve any real purpose in most cases . 
  i 'll have to look up why is it so damn widespread in the us . 
   are there any laws against/for it in your country ? 
  it 's not illegal . 
  however the only people who agree to do this on their children are either jewish ( of which there is n't that many here ) or parents of kids with phimosis . 
  common jozef here does not understand why circumcision would benefit the life of his kid . 
  i deleted the comment . 
  now nobody has to feel discriminated against !, 
  i 'm still waiting for a french redditor to come here and say : '' * we say excuse my french too !, 
   studies show that around 80-85 % refugees always return home when it is possible . 
  i 'd like to read the studies you mention , if you got 'em , please do link them , 
  it - definitely !, 
  corporate - if it 's an american/british company , good chance . 
  medical center and any jobs where there is a direct contact with customers - absolutely 0 chance . 
  how would that help ? 
  it 's not like the oompa loompa in chief would change his policies . 
  he 'd just call us '' * very very bad * '' again or something on that note . 
   do you , personally , note the date ? 
  nope . 
  but respect to your ancestors for fighting nazis . 
  too bad you did n't stick around to prevent us from falling into soviet socialism . 
  it pains me a little to imagine we could have been austria-level economy these days if it were so :(, 
   czech republic is considered eastern europe ? 
  prague is almost as far west as berlin !, 
  geographically , sure . 
  but a lot of people use eastern europe in the geopolitical sense , and then eastern europe = countries of the formed soviet bloc ( + allies ) . 
  in that sense , cz is indeed eastern europe . 
  it makes sense to use this term if talking about economy or society , because 40 years of socialism left a pretty strong mark on those countries - generations of people grew up during that period , and they bear a part of it with them to this day . 
   please correct me if i am wrong . 
  but the right has been very dominant in most former soviet-block countries , right ? 
  i think it 's quite hard to give a good answer because op still has n't said yet , what is eastern europe to them . 
  * ex-eastern block ? 
  * geographically east ( like russia , belarus , ukraine ) ? 
  * poorer than average countries in general eastern direction ? 
  i 'm guessing hungary 's recent politics ask for `` right wing '' label , but fidesz has only been in the coalition since 2010 . 
  poland 's law and justice since 2015 . 
  historically this seems more a fluctuation , eventually parties fuck up and people will go back to socdem . 
  but if we 're talking `` strong leader ruling with iron fist '' i do n't think that applies . 
  i see germany 's angela merkel to be a lot more iron fist ( and macron seems to go in the same direction , just like may ) than any of prime ministers of the countries named above . 
  but maybe i 'm biased . 
   eastern and central europe have had a. . . difficult history with leftist policies , so naturally the population is more right-leaning no offense , / u/tonygaze , but check your facts . 
  example , [ 2017 april official voting preferences questionnaire ] ( https://www.stem.cz/stem-volebni-preference-duben-2017/ ) : 28 % center-leftists 17 % social democrats 12 % communists 7 % right 7 % christian party 6 % center right where is the right lean ? 
   authoritarian regimes in eastern europe : do you feel it is here to stay ? 
  would you mind clarifying which authoritarian regimes in eastern europe you mean exactly ? 
  maybe then you 'll get some actual answers . 
   hint : i only address women by m ` lady . 
  ultimate pimp status confirmed, 
  married to a human being of the opposite sex . 
  what 's yours , / u/syriansimba ? 
  are you coming on to me ? 
   murder rate by country : til we are no longer eastern europe . 
   okay europe , why do n't you give canada crap for calling it soccer ? 
  probably because apart from that , canadians are quite likable people and from european perspective relatable . 
   still that `` buddy of the russian oligarchy '' did a lot more for deterrence against russia than any other nato or eu country . 
  please do explain how . 
  i 'm not secretly glad that an incompetent idiot is running the alliance and mutual agreements that took dozens of years to build into the ground . 
  i 'm not secretly glad that europe has watch out for back stabs from a buddy of the russian oligarchy now . 
  i 'm not secretly glad we will inevitably be portrayed as the bad guys by more and more of american media as to justify that cockface 's foreign policy . 
   i suppose an analogy would be with the uk leaving the eu , ** many europeans ** were looking at the silver lining that now integration could proceed more rapidly . 
  more like several hardline federalists . 
  there is almost nothing to be gained for brexit , just more limited work and study opportunities , more complicated international trade and weaker currency . 
   ;( do n't be sad , it 's really hard to compete with those shops they run that are conveniently just around the corner and always open , even when you * totally need some beers and a couple of snacks * !, 
  we have no filipino minority to speak of and they certainly do n't make top 10 tourist nationalities over here either , so most people do n't really have an opinion . 
  we do have a sizable vietnamese minority however , and i dare say they are everyone 's second favorite minority , first being slovaks . 
  1 ) this is never going to happen . 
  what would happen to the cult of personality and the whole `` leader of the free world '' circus ? 
  2 ) there are already other alliances that can cover trade , military , economical and political cooperation between nations so this would be redundant 3 ) usa would lose their shit for having an open job market with europe . 
  can you imagine the riots ? 
  you would get an instant tsunami of poles and other eastern europeans who could just enter and work as they 'd like for fraction of what you get paid . 
  usa is too `` america first '' to want this . 
  my personal preference - disregarding all this , i would n't want the us in the european ( sigh ) union for the same reason i would n't want russia in it . 
  too much glorifying of '' * might makes right * '' , too many nukes , too many proxy wars sorry , please make a union with mexico and canada !, 
  good luck !, 
  it 's not you , it 's me , we can still be friends . 
   is it common for people to emigrate from your country ? 
  if so why ? 
  not really . 
  there are only two groups of people that work abroad : * labor from the border regions who work in germany or austria because for the same job they literally get 2x - 3x salary and still get to live in their home land . 
  * highly skilled work force that will go wherever career takes them . 
  to put it to numbers , there are only about 50 000 czechs living in germany , which is about the same number as how many germans live in cz . 
  huh . 
  my guess is we do n't really leave cz because we are know things are n't that much better abroad and that the potentially higher salaries do n't come cheap . 
  most people would rather enjoy life the way they know it , even though they might not be driving ferrari and living in big houses . 
  it 's the sound you make when you say '' * tits * '' . 
  no , i could n't think of a better example right now . 
  so like '' * knots * '' in english . 
  actually that 's almost perfect , i do n't know why i had to come up with the * tits * in the first place . 
  i 'm too old to know . 
  r\u00e1no ( morning ) - 05:00 - 09:00 dopoledne ( before-noon ) 09:00 - 11:30 poledne ( noon ) 11:30 - 13:00 odpoledne ( afternoon ) 13:00 - 18:00 ve\u010der ( evening ) 18:00 - 21:00 noc ( night ) 21:00 - 05:00, 
  all the time . 
  they get created because people like to protest-vote in this country . 
  recent examples : * * veci verejne * - `` we are n't like the rest of them !, 
  we are neutral and competent ! '', 
  - fell apart after a manipulation scandal * * ano 2011 * - `` we are n't like the rest of them !, 
  i know how to manage a company , i 'll manage a country ! '', 
  - currently in the governing coalition , corruption scandals , conflict of interest scandals * * the pirate party * - `` we are n't like the rest of them !, 
  totally ! '', 
  - have n't had yet the chance to prove how corrupt they are in the parliament . 
  just give it time .
