  fuck you anhauser-busch . 
  aftermath : evil american megacorp gets to sell their watery beverage on local market as `` budweiser '' , can only sell in eu as `` bud '' . 
  at least eu has respect for beer . 
  shame there was no questions about the language . 
  new thread , people wo n't see the edit unless they actively look for it . 
  beer in munich avg . 
  5 eur beer in prague avg . 
  1,2 eur op how can you resist ? 
  both of the plans suck , there 's no prague . 
  where do you expect to get drunk for laughable prices ? 
  edit : something something architecture . 
  our ex-president [ vaclav klaus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%a1clav_klaus ) is a known euro-skeptic . 
  he would veto most of eu laws , and ever since , every foreigner i ever meet thinks i 'm some kind of an anarchist . 
  what do people say about yours ? 
  i 've been asked by foreigners many times with following : * `` man , your president said xyz . 
  what 's wrong with you guys ?? 
  '' * here 's the thing - our presidents notoriously push their own agenda and often do not represent the majority of the population . 
  if it did go down like that , it would be a glaring success on the communist side , as many of them ( and communist police force ) still sit in the parliament or other government institutions . 
  we do n't want any religious nonsense and islam just happens to be expansive these days , so yeah . 
  i live in germany and i have this to say : you guys need to fuck more . 
  and multiply !, 
  you need to get married more , you need to move in together more . 
  not avoid getting into commitment . 
  everyone 's boyfriend and girlfriend for 30 years and you spend your salaries on expensive cars and exotic vacations . 
  you have the money , you can afford two kids . 
  and yes , i do know that finding a place in a kita is a pain in the ass but objectively it 's a laughable excuse . 
  i hope i do n't come off as an asshole , it 's my country too now and i mean well , 
  czech women are in fact not the sexiest on earth . 
  globally , no one cares about ice hockey . 
  there is such a thing as too much beer . 
  your presidents and presidential candidates of the last years have not been much better though ... 
  [ semi-relevant ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-yaca_w_yvji/visw0vrc_ci/aaaaaaaacv8/ubxosuipgto/s1600/49.png ), 
   i think there is a version of the eu ~ all brits would love to be in which one is that ? 
  honest question , no snarkiness meant . 
  do n't be sad , you still have tourists from other bundesl\u00e4nder !, 
   i realize it 's hard to read tone , given that this is the internet and it 's your second language i 'm afraid english is my first language these days :( that 's how i talk to my dog and wife , anyway . 
  anyways , did n't mean to sound hostile , just tried to explain my point of view . 
  no bad feelings . 
  ours seem to be more communist :[ the communist party in cz is basically fueled by old-timers who reminisce about their days of youth , 'cause when we were young , things were better , amirite ? 
  i also reported the thread , so it will show up in the moderation queue  edit : for visibility , not because of content . 
  nah , i left permanently , got married here too , but still i do love my home country and i visit many times a year . 
  there are things that i miss a lot , even though i have zero motivation to come back . 
   work , today ? 
  but it 's ... late ... ? 
  is it the night shift or what ? 
  yup !, 
  i have a shift job . 
  nevermind whether day , night , weekend , christmas or the apocalypse , we 're always here . 
  them corporate servers have to keep on running 24/7  we get paid extra for the odd work times , of course . 
  weekend night shifts are actually perfect , nothing ever happens and i get to watch movies , learn coding/scripting or browse reddit all night . 
  it 's just a figure of speech , guy . 
  or i could say '' * thanks the geopolitical and sociological influences over the last several centuries that ultimately led to the climate in the society as we have it today for that * '' . 
  my english must suck too much to tell the difference between * swear * and * pledge * , it sounds like exactly the same thing to me , but i stand corrected and edited my post . 
   even if you 're not friends with someone , if you spend a long time in close proximity and have many shared experiences , you 're bound to develop some type of relationship no . 
  i left high school many years ago , and the people i did n't get along with i have not seen since and i am glad that i did n't . 
  the ones with whom i were close i try to meet as much as i can , although we live in different cities/countries now so it 's not much . 
  you asked us a question and i offered you an answer . 
  just roll with what you get to read , you do n't have to understand it or identify with it . 
  [ our chemical unit for sure ] ( https://cz.usembassy.gov/wp-content/uploads/sites/22/2016/08/spp-august001.jpg ) !, 
  while other nations have been sending troops and machinery to near east , we usually only provide chemical units , trainers to the local military and watchmen for military bases . 
  we 're the most harmless army ever . 
  we do n't develop communities , we develop friendships , and many of those last a lifetime . 
  the feeling of community in general seems to be higher in usa than in europe ( looking at you , * ~ ~ swear ~ ~ pledge of allegiance * ) . 
  most european countries are more reserved than you . 
  we have nothing like that , and thanks god for that . 
  i 'm not a fan of those ( in my eyes ) forced celebrations and i 'm glad no one made me . 
  it 's nice if it works for you guys , but for us , school is mostly an educational institute . 
  correct , i 'm an emigrant . 
  sometimes i consider changing my flair temporarily to german when i speak about german experiences , but that 'd just confuse people even more ( especially with the cz in my username ) two flairs would be perfect . 
  if i get some free time at work today i 'll look how it 's done in css, 
  our president zeman has the power to [ get wasted before attending official ceremonies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muenajqjw9u ) :d, 
  you were told correctly - embassies have very little knowledge when it comes to uncommon cases of people . 
  you 'll do best to deal directly with the italian/austrian offices in europe or get an migration lawyer . 
  and if all fails , / r/iwantout , topic of migrating and citizenship is daily bread there . 
  your friend is exactly the kind of person i would n't want to come to my country . 
  how good danes are at english does n't matter . 
  no one likes people who isolate themselves from the society with expat bubbles and districts where the native language is not spoken . 
  in worse case , ghettos . 
  learn the damn language if you want to live somewhere . 
  you do n't have to be fluent , not everyone 's great at languages , but show some respect and learn some . 
  russia finances anti-european groups and parties across europe , pays actual shills for european newspapers in discussions . 
  that much has been proven . 
  the public opinion is being manipulated . 
  after the latest stunt in eastern ukraine , pretty much every country with a russian minority could become a target of '' * protecting our citizens * '' and the hybrid war that you can see in donbas . 
  it does n't help that russia has a massive army that nato 's eastern divisions could barely put up a fight against in short term before reinforcements would mobilize . 
  russia 's '' * soldiers on vacation * '' can keep the whole ukrainian army busy - imagine what could the actual russian army in full force do . 
  economy is n't that great . 
  resources , that ensured exports and certain wealth are slowly running dry . 
  former allies started showing tendencies to swap sides and be friends with nato/eu instead . 
  russian military interventions to the neighboring countries ( be it open or `` russian soldiers on vacation '' ) have flushed russia 's credibility as an ally down the toilet . 
  russian people are rough and do n't tolerate weak leaders . 
  putin knows this , and he flexes muscles to show he 's a strong , competent leader . 
   we are not eastern europe . 
  stop trying , let them call us whatever they want . 
  i moved to germany and if i 'd have to correct every single german calling tschechei eastern europe , i 'd lose my voice . 
  they do n't mean it negatively though . 
  if west and north europe wants to call us eastern europe , i 'm fine with it . 
  we have our cheap living costs and good looking women . 
  there 's nothing wrong with us and our geopolitical name , 
  i thought this type of building ca n't get any uglier than what we have here .
