  most of the people who do not come for work end up horribly disillusioned , many return . 
  not sure how many of them browse this sub , might ask in / r/expats , / r/iwantout , and national subreddits , like / r/germany, 
   it 's mostly fine , probably better than most of europe . 
  [ better than most europe - no ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/crime_trends_in_detail ) . 
  not that bad - yes . 
   if a group of chavs are going to kick your head in , they 're going to point out the fact that you 're black , eastern european , jewish , posh , ugly , a wanker , a dick head , whatever . 
  so it 's not xenophobia , it 's random gang violence . 
  that 's definitely an improvement . 
  yup . 
  czechia is a new word for the country . 
  not a single citizen was asked if they agree or disagree with this , it was a purely bureaucratic decision . 
  the opinions greatly vary , but majority finds the word `` czechia '' extremely unpleasant - you can see an unofficial questionaire what people think about the name [ under this article ] ( http://zpravy.idnes.cz/svetove-ohlasy-na-oznaceni-czechia-dtw-/zahranicni.aspx?c=a160415_092150_zahranicni_mlb ) . 
  me , i prefer to be called czech , after our founder and forefather , 
  that is true . 
  i read about the investigation a lot , and i also wrote `` no apparent reason '' , because no connection to xenophobic motives so far has been confirmed . 
  the uproar in the czech media is caused by the fact that there 's few czechs in britain ( 45 000 in country of 64 million , so 0,07 % . 
  in comparison , there is 6 800 brits in cz of 10 million , so also 0,07 % ) , the victim was a successful emigrant , and with the connection of the happenings the polish minority has been reporting in uk , it 's a prefect clusterfuck . 
  of uk as a country ? 
  same . 
  of the people ? 
  bitterly disappointed . 
  the behavior of some people changed so much . 
  poles cursed on the streets , called scum and vermin . 
  some attacked by `` youth '' , several killed . 
  reason ? 
  spoke polish . 
  last week a [ czech business man was attacked and murdered ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/sep/24/czech-man-death-london-poplar-teenager-among-three-arrested ) with a fucking bike chain for no apparent reason . 
  the country has become a complete no-go zone for me as a slav . 
  thank you !, 
  i do take being a part of my new country very seriously , not everyone is a big fan of that . 
  just the other day some ( czech ) guy was giving me crap for not wanting dual citizenship . 
  ca n't make everyone happy , i guess . 
  i do n't post on / r/de very often , i 'm still self-conscious about my german . 
  i read a lot though , helps with learning . 
  i already did move , so it 's a little bit of cheating . 
  i now live in germany , could n't be happier . 
  everyone 's so welcoming and people keep on asking me to apply for citizenship already , 
  not hated . 
  people have no problems with qualified foreigners . 
  unemployment benefits tourism is also not possible , they do n't qualify and in most cases do n't speak the language enough to even apply for it . 
  according to the latest census , there is 864 neopagans in the whole country of 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 people , so 0,0081706 % not sure if that can even be called movement . 
  but czechs are notoriously anti-religious , so no surprises here . 
  lettuce , tomato slice , mustard , ketchup , onion , pickle and a slice of cheddar . 
  dammit i 'm hungry now . 
  yeah whatever you wan na call it . 
  standard , neutral , default , pure . 
  same meaning . 
  yeah . 
  hochdeutsch is an ~ ~ accent-free ~ ~ standard version of german , it 's what you get to hear on the news and what you get taught in schools . 
  that someone would use this as an adjective to make them sound fancier is actually hilarious . 
  it sounds like high elves from skyrim . 
  edit : replaced accent-free with standard . 
  put down your pitchforks , language purists . 
  that 's because who your great-great-great-great-grandma was does n't matter , it matters who you are . 
  generations passed since your family had a european custom , tradition , language - pretty much anything . 
  the only thing you carry with you are physical treats . 
  skin color , eye color , hair color . 
  and none of those things make you belong to a nation - your culture does . 
  and that has been nothing but american for generations . 
  the 5 % pole and 10 % german do n't mean a thing after a century , unless your family has lived in some kind of reservation . 
  yes , that 's what i wrote . 
  it seems you learned how to read , but comprehension seems to be lacking . 
  you 'll get there one day , friendo . 
  definitely our slovakian bros < 3, 
  people see them as schools for kids of rich parents , who are too incompetent to get a normal degree , so they `` buy '' one by paying the school in monthly payments . 
  they 're easier to get into . 
  most of reputable schools are public , and the private ones are mostly business/marketing/economy / languages focused . 
  tfw these buildings are also in germany , france and uk . 
  let me put it this way , it 's not uncommon . 
  moreover , dude is an imam . 
  it does n't get any more islamic than that . 
  i do n't know the specific circumstances of his case , but he 's a sunni preacher , coming from a country where 75 % of religious citizens are also sunni . 
  then he applies for ( some type of ) asylum in switzerland , which he gets . 
  it just seems like guy went to europe to lead a new mosque or something . 
  i live in a city , ex-east germany . 
  i 've seen this happen before , it seems to be a village mentality issue . 
  i doubt they 'll ever fully accept her - not because her german is bad , but cause `` she ai n't from ` round ` ere '' . 
  let 's face it , does n't matter if you 're african , german or american , villages are n't exactly a shining beacon of tolerance . 
  i will . 
  if for nothing else , then for my future kids . 
  i want them to feel to be the nationality of the country where they will have been born and where they will grow up . 
  dual citizenship might work , if it 's not a lot harder , i might apply for that . 
  i do n't hate my home country or anything , it 's just that my life moved somewhere else . 
  for the record , i 'm a czech who moved to germany some years back , and here czech is viewed 100 % as eastern europe . 
  i expected a lot of hate , stupid comments , `` go back to your developing country '' etc , but got nothing like that . 
  on the contrary , people periodically ask me , when i 'll finally apply for german citizenship . 
  a lot of germans visit prague ( some regularly ) , a lot know our old tv shows or movies and many have a polish , czech or russian friend . 
  no hate here , but at the same time only a few people would move east for eastern salaries . 
  any of the visegrad 4 countries ( poland , cz , slovakia , hungary ) are generally not viewed as `` eastern '' in cz . 
  belarus , ukraine , romania , bulgaria and former yugoslavia however - yes . 
  so i guess in cz there 's also a 4th definition : 4 ) former soviet country ( or ally ) and currently poorer than us, 
  the father of the boys ( an imam ) came to switzerland in 2001 , having 15 years to adapt to local customs and culture . 
  if after 15 years in a country you feel resentful to locals because of their customs , you should sod off to somewhere else . 
  that 's kind of 20th century stereotype that spread across europe as the western movie genre got popular here . 
  today 's stereotype would be balancing between gun-toting ( thanks media ) , morbidly obese and unpleasantly loud ( thanks tourists ), 
  every country has places that are so bad that they should just get leveled and forgotten forever . 
  be it dirty neighborhoods , useless monuments , annoying tourist districts - you name it . 
  let 's hear about abysmal places in your country !, 
  title says it all , post the dumbest news articles from today !, 
  let 's share moments and historical period of our countries that until this day make for heated discussions or leave a bitter taste in your mouth - be it military , political , economical or religious event - let 's hear them !,
