  most of those who asked about it did n't qualify ( ancestor left germany but was not prosecuted in any way , no documents available , ancestor left too early etc. ), 
   i assume that one would need to have useful skills to move - but why is only speaking english such a bad thing ? 
  because when you move to europe , outside of uk , ireland and malta , the official language is not english . 
  you might find a job in an international company where the office language is english , but outside work , you 're on your own . 
  your neighbors , cashier , authorities ... they 'll speak the local language . 
  not to mention , locals often speak english pretty well too ( just look at this sub ) so you 'll have a disadvantage in the recruitment process . 
   are there any eu countries that do n't have this requirement ? 
  it 's actually not a requirement anywhere in the eu . 
  if you get through the paperwork and communication ( you can google translate and take interpreters with as much as you want ) , no one will stop you from living here , and there certainly are foreigners who do n't speak local languages . 
  i 'm a mod over at / r/iwantout and there 's certainly a lot of americans asking about it . 
  however , most of them are completely unprepared , unqualified , ca n't speak anything but english . 
  it 's not realistic for most americans to just move to europe , you have to have something to offer if you want to move countries . 
  however , i know one american here in germany who moved here when w. bush took office . 
  his justification was that the country was going down the shitter and he did n't want to be a part of it . 
  i feel so bad for estonia :( they all seem so nice and they 've worked so hard to get out of the post-socialist bullshit and you guys do n't want them in the imaginary club . 
  if you 've seen posts from op on this sub , you know that 's exactly what he 's expecting . 
  as an immigrant myself , i ca n't fucking stand those people who move to a new country and immediately * have to * start throwing dirt at their old one . 
  have some dignity , man . 
  netherlands are pretty awesome , tell your old man he does n't have to hate his old country to love his new one . 
  what a bunch of nonsense . 
  center-right does exactly as populist decisions as center-left to stay in power , muslim minorities are not some miraculous voting power that keeps parties in power . 
  we have democracy , anyone can vote for whoever they like . 
   europeans , what do you think of the uk at the moment ? 
  '' * things used to be better . 
  seconded . 
  moreover , every possible question about trump and the election has already been asked and most of the ops are just shitposting anyway . 
  i 'm not saying you are , but the amount of people who come here , ask a ridiculous question and once they got answers call people 's mothers whores is too fucking high . 
  also this guy the other day wanted to nuke america . 
  he was himself american . 
   so just remember , when someone asks stupid questions , it 's legit curiosity and the lack of prior learning . 
  or ignorance . 
  or trolling . 
  or idiocy . 
  asylum seekers , wtf ? 
  asylum on what grounds ? 
  they do n't get paid enough in unemployment support in cz ? 
  life in albania and macedonia ai n't great . 
  gdp is low , job and education opportunities limited , people are poor . 
  society is by european standards strict and repressive . 
  whatever it is , never heard of it before . 
  if it 's people 's nicknames , then they 're ridiculous . 
  not to rain on your parade , but i live in germany . 
  you can write notes for your delivery guy either directly in amazon , or in adresszusatz . 
  it happened to me twice out of 200 + deliveries that the delivery guy took it back to the post . 
  when you 're not home in cz and a parcel arrives , the postman cheerfully takes it to store it in local post office . 
  then you have to wait a 30-60 minutes waiting queue of other poor fucks like yourself to pick it up . 
  now in germany , when you 're not home , the delivery person can leave it at your neighbors ' , and you can pick it up from them . 
  fucking brilliant !, 
  for sure , and if you get lucky , it 's faster * and * cheaper . 
  i used to fly prague -  k\u00f6ln every month with germanwings , glad i did n't have to suffer on a bus or train . 
  op 'll have to do some research , luckily there are these connection search engines on the internet that make it a cakewalk . 
  none of the cities are extremely expensive , that being said they 're all tourist destinations in western europe . 
  wo n't be cheap . 
  your problem is that you picked destinations far away from each other , you 'll have to pay to get from a to b somehow . 
  of course you 'll pay more * berlin * - * florence * than * berlin * - * prague * - * vienna * . 
  '' * intercontinental flight * '' , '' * eurotrip in western europe * '' and '' * cheap * '' do n't really fit into one sentence , guy . 
  i 'd ditch the idea of flying between the cities , take a train ( more convenient ) or a bus ( cheaper ) . 
  logical order would be amsterdam - berlin - florence - barcelona . 
  i 'd welcome it , if it was operating as a defense force in east and south of europe . 
  stress on defense force . 
  i think i speak for many countries when i say - we just want to be left alone , we do n't want more territory , we do n't care about destabilizing some regions , claiming natural resources , shit like that . 
  i 'd like a deterrent army . 
  including the '' * fucking piece of shit europeans why do you cunts hate america ? 
  * '' or '' * americans are literally hitler can we nuke them now ? 
  * '' type of questions ? 
  i look up to slovenia as hard workers who got out of the post-communist shit really well , has * beautiful * nature , nice people . 
  however also some of the worst shitposters in this sub are incidentally slovenian :d, 
   cheaper is always better  ...  right now we were looking at munich munich is expensive af , op . 
  generally look east and look south . 
  i recommend croatia , slovenia , bulgaria , romania . 
  hell , i recommend kosovo , if you 're not the wussy kind of traveler . 
  awesome experience , genuine people . 
   and i 'm able to pay with the euro tfw bulgaria , croatia , czech republic , denmark , hungary , poland , romania , sweden and uk are not european :(, 
  * abstinent * is a practically a curse word in czech republic , because going to a pub for a couple beers is basically a part of the culture . 
  date / get married to a native speaker - constant practice with stress on colloquial speech and day-to-day situations . 
  if you 're a kiss-less virgin , watch movies in english with subtitles , listen to the absolute abundance of american music , read the lyrics , translate them . 
  and last but not least , shitpost on reddit every day !, 
   outside of the internet , never . 
  not never , more like rarely . 
  on the top of my head : * sizes of phone and tv displays * some cloth measurements * some tool sizes, 
  i think they 're great - it 's time for us to realize we can not fully depend on an ally that changes opinions with every ruling president . 
  we 've got to arm europe with an efficient yet effective force . 
   superior to us in many ways does n't seem so superior from [ this here ] ( https://www.ifitweremyhome.com/compare/de/ch ) . 
  '' * be 4 times more likely to have aids * '', 
  i know completely zero about * albania * beside the fact they 're poor . 
  pay attention / u/kernedsansserif - if you come on tourist visa , earning any money at all is illegal and will earn you kick out of schengen . 
  if you want to work , either work visa ( unlikely in your situation ) or working holiday visa ( depending where you come from ), 
  in smaller towns , barely ever , because the local left scene has very small presence ( while nazis from all over the country came to demonstrate there ) . 
  in cities , almost always . 
  that 's why the cops walk with them , so that they can prevent violent skirmishes . 
  the question is if op meant east europe as in east from germany , or east as in romania , bulgaria , ukraine etc. 
  because life in visegrad 4 countries for example has been pretty good lately , barely any people ever leave . 
   did they march in cities , like a parade ? 
  yeah . 
  legally any demonstration is required to be announced in advance . 
  so they 'd apply for the right to demonstrate somewhere , then they 'd go there , grab some flags and signs , and then they 'd just walk through the city/town . 
  from what i know , these marches are usually in complete silence , they 're very well aware that shouting some of their ideas in public or doing the hitler salute would get them arrested . 
  we had a common friend . 
  he was a car mechanic living in a rather poor neighborhood in prague . 
  at first i thought he 's one of those wannabe tough guys , shaved head and bomber jacket , but as i met him more often , he said he would regularly go to nazi marches around the republic .
