  just as any non-mixed couple , with the slight difference that they get married sooner . 
  harder to kick you out of the country when you 're married , and faster for you to receive the local citizenship if you want it . 
  prague pilsner budweiss we have to protect the beer , guys !, 
  bachelors in europe are often not in english - what languages do you speak ? 
  that should be the primary pointer for you . 
  if none , i 'd just google . 
  depends heavily on the field though , which you also did n't mention . 
  expect entry exams though , and proof that you have enough money on you to survive the studies . 
  * chlastat jako dan * ( drink like a dane ) : drink like you want to forget why you 're even alive . 
  * svedska trojka * ( swedish three ) : a threesome . 
   so many people my age is all about drinking you did n't say what your age is , but guessing it 's around 20 . 
  as soon as people start getting full time jobs , i can guarantee you that the `` woohoo party till blackout '' mentality disappears very , very quickly . 
  and then you will finally be able to find people to play scrabble with !, 
  let 's say you 're czech . 
  you start drinking at about 16-17 years . 
  salaries are low for students and rents are high , so you wo n't be able to afford a car until you 're in mid twenties . 
  it 's enough years to learn how to handle their booze , and the novelty of binge drinking wears off pretty quickly after the first three years or so . 
  not to say there is no dui here , but majority of it does not come from the youth . 
  but even if you do dui , the limit for alcohol in blood in cz is 0 % . 
  also - op put down the bottle dammit . 
  i can understand your point , but not everyone has restricted access to the research . 
  restricted does not equal bad . 
   however , if you can point me to a scientific agency in europe that provides their data openly and freely to the entire world it would be much appreciated why say it like providing or not providing their research openly is the only standard of measuring an institution 's quality ? 
  is n't choosing one thing about them kind of a hit under the belt ? 
  never heard anyone hating on european scientists before . 
  so now the whole european scientific community is represented by european space agency and the ecmwf ? 
  way to generalize , op . 
  australia all the way . 
  they 're running a pretty nice country over there . 
  too bad getting in is pretty tough , when your occupation is not on the shortage list . 
  ex-east germany represent !, 
  choosing a country to migrate to is like choosing a love interest - you eventually settle for the one with the flaws that bother you the least , 
  currently working in germany , pretty happy here . 
  i do n't know what uk can offer to top germany , but whatever it is , it 's probably not worth the relocation costs and the stress . 
  damn straight . 
  do n't forget that a some of the countries were in the ex-soviet block involuntarily . 
  for example speaking russian in poland , czech republic or slovakia wo n't get you any plus points at all . 
   russian is very useful in eastern europe , and anywhere else where the russians has been historically [ that 's false ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-e9e55804cca833b8008e327d4cb153f5?convert_to_webp=true ) , and thanks god for that too . 
  have you considered the possibility that we also want to speak to people back home ? 
   how outgoing are the people of your country ? 
  very outgoing , [ pubs are basically our second homes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_beer_consumption_per_capita ) . 
   what would you consider makes someone a true friend ? 
  someone as ready to hit up a pub with me as they are ready to be there when shit hits the fan , whatever the situation . 
   is smalltalk ever warranted sure , in places like workplace , school ... but on the streets or in shops , not really . 
  it just feels off when someone does it . 
   under which circumstances would you smile at a stranger , if ever ? 
  they did something nice for me or work in some kind of service job , 2 . ), 
  i want to sleep with them . 
  pizza !, 
  the real deal , authentic ingredients , made in a stone oven and no bullshit toppings . 
  simply said - real italian pizza . 
  i never heard about anyone being jealous of that . 
  most of european countries form local alliances with neighboring countries and the nordics are n't an exception . 
  it makes sense and i find it completely normal . 
  but maybe i 'm out of the loop . 
  i 'm not a fan of the fake world policing , which is obviously in reality just protecting own interests . 
  i 'm not a fan of the corporate lobby and it 's effect on the government . 
  hate it ? 
  strong word . 
  the people i have nothing against . 
  sure , they have some annoying characteristics , the fake smiles and fake caring , the positive attitude towards weapons , violence and warmongering , turning political figures into celebrities and elections into reality shows ... 
  but are those reasons to hate a whole nation ? 
  not by a long shot . 
  i had the choice to speak english at work , but i decided to speak only in german , even though my german is worse than my english . 
  people do n't open up to you as much when they speak to you in english . 
  in private life ... german all the way . 
  or you 'll permanently be asked to bring an interpreter with you . 
  totally agree . 
  do n't listen to people who say that you can totally get by in germany without speaking german , you ca n't and you will be miserable . 
  english speaking workplace does not equal english speaking everything . 
  minimum wage is usually given as a monthly amount - the hourly one is calculated from that . 
  yearly is pretty much monthly * 12 . 
  minimum is minimum , anything lower is not legal . 
  no thanks . 
  russia treats their allies like shit . 
  everyone still remembers the soviet union and how well that turned out for everyone involved - and more recently , turning on your best friend ukraine . 
  eu is slow , disorganized and makes questionable decisions sometimes , but at least it does n't threaten us with military annihilation . 
  edit : [ that one time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia ) when russia thought czechoslovakia was n't communist enough in 1968 and sent a coalition army to occupy the country and install a puppet government . 
  offer russia a cookie , it will rip off your arm and beat you with it . 
  a moldy scarecrow that 's on the payroll of every major lobby versus a bumbling idiot wannabe entrepreneur with a laughable bankruptcy record . 
  i 'm not scared , just disappointed . 
  i think everyone just hoped it would be more . 
  solution ? 
  the two party system has to go . 
  people need more ( obvious ) choice . 
  i 'm not talking about `` sanity '' , i 'm talking about wealth , economy and infrastructure . 
  stop thinking that we are an undeveloped country , stop thinking everyone in the world has it better than us . 
  stop frowning so god damn much . 
  stop voting for the same old corrupt bastards that only drag the country down . 
  stop thinking that the best employee is the one with most overtime hours . 
   any americans who moved permanently from america ? 
  according to wikipedia , hundreds of thousands . 
  so , yes . 
   where did you move ? 
  mostly where there are american companies / is demand for english teachers . 
  uk , france , germany , but there 's a number in every big european city . 
   how bad was the culture shock ? 
  bad . 
  americans tend to live in expat bubbles and neglect learning local languages . 
  i know dozens of them - some success stories , but some also sad who tried to get away from their problems in usa , their debt , find a dreamy european husband ( god , i wish i was kidding ... ) or their great-great-grandma was european and they felt they need to get in touch with their roots .
