   how many times have you called 112 three times  in what circumstances ? 
  1 . some moron was trying to break into a car , so i called cops on him . 
  cops came , but too late . 
  ah well . 
  i saw a recycling container that was on fire , so i called the fire fighters . 
  the operator told me they already got a call from someone else . 
  ah well . 
  3 . wife needed an ambulance , so i called her an ambulance . 
  ambulance came and took her to the hospital . 
  ah well . 
   scientific advancements : bacon say no more, 
   so why is being friends with russia ** suddenly ** a bad thing . 
  the last time a significant part of the population thought being russia 's allies would be beneficial to our country was straight after wwii before the communist coup d'etat in czechoslovakia . 
  during the course of history , it showed that russia prefers much rather to be a dominator rather than an ally or friend and would just prefer to annex you or at least control your government . 
  and if you do n't obey or want to establish new set of rules , [ you get an invasion army on your doorstep ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia ) . 
  i like russians as people , genuine and very fun , but when it comes to trust in russian government , my trust is zero . 
  let me elaborate the context for everyone : the vietnamese have moved to cz as minority ( and other former soviet allies ) either as refugees from the war with us , or as traders and entrepreneurs . 
  the first generation speaks czech pretty badly , but good enough to sell wares ( usually knock-off chinese or general fake brands ) or run `` chinese '' restaurants ( tasty food but tons of artificial flavoring ) . 
  they kept to themselves but did n't cause any trouble with either the people or the law ( mostly , anyway - there are some small gangs that deal with illegal fireworks , drugs or weapons , but mostly export ) the second and third generations turned it around completely . 
  they are fluent in czech ( very well integrated ! ), 
  and are hard working in school . 
  they have pretty good university acceptance rates . 
  for example one of the most famous [ czech bloggers ] ( http://asijatka.cz/dothutrangblog/ ) is ethnically vietnamese and is hilarious to read . 
  tldr - the vietnamese came with nothing , took nothing from the government , built themselves up and do not make any problems while helping kids make it far in life . 
  in my opinion most of them are an example of how immigrants should behave . 
  10/10 would eat their pho any day . 
  you know someone who does n't like the vietnamese and their kids ? 
  i do n't . 
   `` paki '' is a racial slur typically referring to people of pakistani descent , but often indiscriminately directed towards people with perceived origins from the indian subcontinent . 
  ** the slur is used chiefly in the united kingdom . 
  ** you can put your pitchfork down , friendo . 
  i had no idea that in your part of world it is for some reason a slur . 
  to me it sounded like a reasonable abbreviation . 
   i was really looking into the beautiful czech republic but a lot of people mention it 's not a good place for black and mixed colored people if you planned to move to prague or brno , you 'd be totally fine . 
  there are tons of foreigners working or studying here . 
  indians , ~ ~ pakis ~ ~ pakistanis ( edit not to hurt anyone 's feelings ) , africans , not to mention vietnamese , every czech 's favorite minority . 
  russians are one of the most common minorities here ( the ones speaking czech or english being a lot more popular the ones that speak russian , mind you ) . 
  and disregarding all of that , there are so many foreign tourists in prague that your skin would have to be fluorescent glowing green to surprise any locals . 
  we 've seen it all and we do n't care as long as you do n't behave any worse than the average local drunk * jozef * . 
  if you 're russian speaker , czech will be quite easy for you to learn , there are many russians who can speak czech like they 're natives . 
  czechs love foreigners who show effort and integrate . 
  and with russian , english and czech , getting a job in nearly any field will be super easy for you . 
  the only `` dark '' people the average czech seems to have issues with are militant arabs , so unless you look like one or act like one , pfft . 
  we even have a senator who is originally from syria . 
  huh , really ? 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  i went to the kitchen to double-check , it 's definitely 650kcal + and it does n't even taste very sweet . 
  i guess then the only way to get to the bottom of it is to have a side by side product comparison , but i 'll just take your word for it   peanut butter is less calorie dense than nutella , which europeans certainly do n't avoid . 
  they should . 
  it 's sugar with cocoa flavor , some coconut oil and a tiny bit of walnuts . 
  i know it tastes nice but that 's about the end of positives of it . 
   i 'm technically obese what does `` technically obese '' mean ? 
  how many percent of bodyweight fat do you have ? 
  i mean , i 'm not a nutritionist or anything , but common sense tells me : * low % body fat = not fat * high % body fat = fat, 
  weird comparison , honestly , and i 'm afraid you 'll find very few people actually qualified to make an objective comparison , because not many czechs have lived in norway long term and vice versa . 
  anyway , if you 're wondering why more czechs have finished high school than norwegians , i can only speak for cz - without the final high school exam * maturita * ( somewhat similar to germanic * abitur * in its concept ) , you can pretty much pack it up and live in the forest , because the only jobs you 'll be hired to are delivering food and giving away flyers on the street . 
  the exam is relatively easy ( not to have straight a 's in everything , but to pass all the subjects ) and not passing translates to being either a complete slacker who gives zero fucks about their own life or not very intellectually gifted . 
  my assumption is that the norwegian exams are more difficult and/or the job market also has place for people without it . 
  because 100g of peanut butter has more than 650kcal , effectively being one of the calorie heaviest things you can put on your slice of bread . 
  i prefer something after which i do n't have to go run for an hour , but i have nothing against the taste . 
  [ seems you can stream it ] ( https://eurovision.tv/story/live-stream-youtube-2017 ) !, 
  to be honest i 'm really surprised we even have representation . 
  either i 'm way out of the loop , or has it indeed been * kab\u00e1t * the last time , like ten years ago . . ? 
  thanks for explaining your views !, 
  i do n't agree to all of them , but i do see the reasoning in them and respect them . 
   i think in general people need to belong somewhere and as we can see , it can be quite dangerous when people try to belong to two different places - often they end up not belonging anywhere i do n't understand this sentiment . 
  last weekend i bbq 'd with my neighbor next door in germany and the next one i 'm driving back to cz to party with my old high school friends . 
  i love both countries and do n't want to `` close '' one off . 
  why would it be dangerous ? 
   when an adult person moves out and decides to stay in that different country , then he/she should accept the consequences of that decision so what would the solution be ? 
  automatic citizenship by naturalization for foreigners that have been living in a country x for y number of years ? 
  that seems like a stretch honestly . 
   if you move out to germany and decide to become german , than you just ca n't be a czech at the same time but why not ? 
  in eu this is super easy - you can only hold your old citizenship , or apply for the new one after a few years , or apply for dual citizenship . 
   italy is considered a third-world country that 's surprising to read . 
  sure , you 've had your share of problems , but developing country ... 
   the only thing i do n't like is czechs who move out and then proceed to shit on the country at every given opportunity . 
  this is one of the reasons i do n't speak to my countrymen abroad . 
  the toxicity is astounding and quite a few of them have hardline opinions ( for example , i 've seen them march with pegida in germany and wave czech flags around ) . 
  `` fuck foreigners '' while being one and so on . 
  i do n't get it and do n't know where it 's coming from . 
  you can love your new home country * and * your old one . 
  you can even have dual citizenship in eu without much hassle . 
  but bavaria does share borders with cz ... now getting to hamburg for 20 $ , that 's a better challenge . 
  maybe with carsharing , but even there i 'm not too sure . 
   how far can you travel for 20 $ ? 
  around the whole country and would even get to visit our neighbors ' border regions , 
  austrian is not a language , that 'd be german , 
  prague : never seen a sikh tourist here , indians just come too rarely . 
  as a result of which , people do n't know them until they have had some exposure to indian culture ( company 's branch is in india etc. ) . 
  they 'd probably be thrown into one label with muslims by the most regular joes . 
   people from poland , romania , etc. 
  receive a treatment that 's similar to , say , moroccans . 
  however , if you 're french , german or swedish you get the `` expat '' treatment , if you know what i mean . 
  interesting . 
  is there an empirical reason for this ( `` eastern european immigrants make trouble '' for example ) or is it because the rich/poor divide ? 
   immigrant  \u02c8\u026am\u026a\u0261r ( \u0259 ) nt /  noun  a person who comes to live permanently in a foreign country . 
  in my lands the consensus is that foreigner living in cz = immigrant . 
  polls show more support of eu immigrants and less for outside eu , but they 're all seen as immigrants . 
  * hust\u00fd * ( thick ) * pecka * ( kernel ) * maso * ( meat ) * masakr * ( massacre ) * krut\u00fd * ( cruel ) there may be some others that came with the younger generations too .
