fuck knows . 
  people back in the day be crazy i guess, 
  i also liked the ` cock vs the tortoise ' . 
  very odd imagery , 
  i was in aquileia recently ... the ` town ' is absolutely tiny . 
  i did however love the mosaic floor in the roman era basilica . 
  if anyone can explain to me the relevance of a lobster up a tree then i 'd be interested ... 
  i thought it was hilarious http://imgc.allpostersimages.com/images/p-473-488-90/79/7942/dt8h300z/posters/close-up-of-a-lobster-design-in-mosaic-aquileia-friuli-venezia-giulia-italy.jpg, 
  fair . 
  just sounded a bit hypocritical in your arguments . . 
  am i confusing you with a leave voter ? 
  it 's getting hard to tell these days, 
  in 2 years demographics will shift to a remain win ... 2 years, 
  wait what ? 
  so for them to abandon their biggest trade parter is crippling economically , but for the uk it 's fine ? 
  i 'm confused, 
  actually the uk is pretty unique amongst developed countries in that everything is centered around one city . 
  most other european countries have cities of comparable size to their capital, 
  i 'd get him drunk so i could record him actually being racist and ensure he never gets any airtime again, 
  he 's speaking about a future he ca n't possibly predict . 
  he 's mmisinterpreting the ` status quo ' completely to suit his own agenda also making some pretty fucking bold assumptions ( loss of national passports ) which will never happen in the next few decades , if ever, 
  you 're making a fair few assumptions tbh . 
   for the old people in this country , the status quo for them was no because they did n't think they signed up to a political union but an economic union i sincerely dislike this argument . 
  these people voted or a succession of parties that fought for the eu to turn into what it is today ( thatcher essentially created the single market ffs , blair fought for the eastern bloc to join ) . 
  you can not claim that people voted for none of this ... because they did ... regularly . 
  it 's extremely disingenuous and a complete misrepresentation of the truth  but for the young people , the status quo is yes because they 've only ever seen the uk in the eu and not out of it . 
  everybody under 40 supports remain . 
  younger people are far more tolerant than older people and really do n't care about immigration etc as much . 
   heck , david cameron went there and tried to get a cast iron guarantee that the uk would be exempt from `` ever closer union '' and he failed false . 
  the opt out was legally binding under international law following a remain vote . 
   the idea that the uk would , 20 years down the line , willingly sign up to the euro , schengen , open borders , eu military and perhaps to get rid of the uk passport and to take an eu passport is just illogical . 
  not at all . 
  things change . 
  even if brexit works out well we might be in a position where the only way to remain relevant in the world is via the eu  i probably would 've voted to stay in because it would be extremely difficult to untangle ourselves from the eu and it would take around 30 + years to get ourselves sorted out there would be no significant difference 30 years down the line in our integration . 
  we are already about as integrated as we could be in every single aspect . 
  our entire legal system , all our institutions , all of our regulations , our rights etc etc are all entangled with the eu  switzerland and norway have 0 inkling to join yet for both those countries , they probably have an even greater incentive to join since they essentially pay but do n't have a say . 
  it 's not so important for them tbh . 
  they are wealthy small countries without particularly diversified economies . 
  politically there 's no need , although it would make things easier . 
   things like schengen , euro , immigration etc. ... that will never sway the british people . 
  it completely depends . 
  give it 20 years and they very much might, 
  the status quo is irrelevant . 
  he 's saying that people wo n't vote against the status quo , but that 's exactly what just happened . 
  it does n't matter who thinks what really, 
  the last norwegian referendum was about 45:55 if i remember correctly . 
  either way , you 're essentially arguing that brexit could never happen , because it would be against the status quo . 
  you 're arguing against your own views to suit your own agenda . 
  it 's confusing, 
  you do n't seem to appreciate how fast muslim culture is changign in the middle east http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38951539, 
   the united states rebelling and establishing their own nation sovereign from england . 
  lol !, 
  independence is commonplace throughout history . 
  i 'm not necessarily agreeing with op , but this is an awful example, 
  i knew there was a reason you guys joined eurovision, 
  speak for yourself buddy . 
  this is your romantic view and nothing less, 
   it 's like the brits that suddenly care about the brain-drain in eastern europe . 
  that really pisses me off tbh . 
  it 's not even really true, 
  the scottish people seem quite happy to pay higher taxes from what i gather, 
  i did n't say most people , just people . 
  it 's not really up for debate whether most people understand it though . 
  most of the population are clueless about most things ( as you would expect ), 
  scotland has very limited abilites to control its own taxation and fiscal policies . 
  this is a terrible argument imo . 
  so a bit like the eu debate then ? 
  people hate it without understanding it . 
  i love all the parallels between brexit and scottish independence, 
  how do you think independence works ? 
  most advanced countries trade 90 % with themselves . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and say that said trade most likely accounts for a small fraction of the scottish economy . 
  i could be wrong though, 
  their investigative journalism shit has been pretty good actually . 
  granted the rest is suite . 
  kinda like playboy, 
  possibly . 
  give this article a read too . 
  it talks about the actual ai they use . 
  it 's pretty scary https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/how-our-likes-helped-trump-win, 
  explain to me why the dutch pronounce / g / as / hkkkkkkk / ( depending on region ) it makes no sense !!!, 
  women do n't have to wear the hijab in saudi unless they 're muslim . 
  it would have been going out of her way to be ` polite ' more than anything, 
  displaying your own ignorance then . 
  there are plenty of people in the eu itself who for example miss the days of the ussr . 
  revel in your own lack of awareness though . 
  i 'm sure it will come back to bite you at some point, 
   i also have an even bigger problem with appologists for human rights violations because they are n't happening to rich white people . 
  what a ridiculous insinuation . 
  i 'm not apologising . 
  it 's disgraceful , but the way to enact change is not to spout hatred . 
  people become more entrenched in their beliefs when they are threatened . 
  luckily the swedish pm seems a lot more clued in than yourself . 
   well one they did . 
  i remember a war to stop them from committing some sort of genocide in southeast asia and manchuria . 
  but i could be wrong i have n't read a history book the united states did that too in some place called vietnam too and i think they were pretty divided on it ? 
  i ca n't remember if it 's remembered as a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  completely missing the point ...  okay internet person . 
  maybe you can find some grammar mistakes too to somehow help your arguments . 
  well you 've missed all the historical precedent that suggests your own methods are utterly counter productive , but rather than respond to it you prefer to just sit at your computer being hateful .
