  all the people on here complaining about islamic laws , not one has any suggestion for how we can enact change . 
  all you guys care about is moaning about how evil and backwards said laws are and saying `` we should be allowed to call them evil '' . 
  it 's utterly fucking pointless , futile and counterproductive, 
   hahaha you think hanging gay people from cranes is the law of the land ? 
   i try , seeing how i 'm syrian . 
  that means sweet fuck all . 
  you 're clearly one of those ` converted ' muslims who has nothing but hate for the islamic world . 
  that 's fine , but do n't go acting as if you 're not heavily partisan . 
  i also dislike many of the laws mentioned , but spouting hatred does literally nothing but make the situation worse . 
  i 'm surprised you have n't noticed that ? 
   yeah i 'm used to the easy labels the left uses whenever someone disagrees with them . 
  well done . 
  like calling people ` regressive leftists ' ? 
  yes you are very used to them, 
   hanging homosexuals from cranes yeah that 's not a law of the land ( and there 's no hard evidence that they were gay to my knowledge , although probably )  it 's not cultural , it 's islamic . 
  yes . 
  iranian islamic culture . 
  very different to for example saudi or indonesian islamic culture . 
  do keep up i 'd call you a regressive rightist ( whatever that nonsense means ... ) , but i prefer to say bigoted , ignorant and hateful . 
   there are millions of non muslim arabs and iranians who have a longer heritage than muslims in the region and they do n't follow those barbaric practices . 
  well for the most part they do , because they 're laws . 
  it also does n't stop them being lumped in with muslims anyway . 
  and this right here is the cause of all our current problems in the middle east . 
  `` we 're better than them . 
  we should go over there , blow a few of them up and tell them how to run their lives '' get a grip . 
  how would you feel if the japanese started invading everywhere and telling them their cultures are inferior and they should do things the japanese way ? 
  oh wait , that 's essentially what imperialism was , with a bit of pillaging thrown in . 
  please read a history book . 
  the last 15 years would be a good start, 
   not all cultures are equal . 
  lol . 
  every culture is better than others at different things . 
  you say this because you 've been raised in the west with western values . 
  plenty of people actually enjoy living in what we would consider ` oppressive regimes ' and miss them once they 're gone . 
  your opinion of culture is based on your own cultural upbringing . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but it 's an absurd statement to make . 
   you go along with them , you show them they are in charge and can set the rules to whatever they want . 
  they 're a sovereign fucking nation and you 're their guest . 
  they are very much in charge ...  i agree , build a ` wall ' around them and impose sanctions . 
  because that works oh so well does n't it . 
  let 's just make 1.6 bn people genuinely hate us , rather than the few crazies who already exist  do n't see how that 's better for the women that have to live there . 
  because through diplomacy you enact change ? 
  see how when we stopped being cunts iran agreed to stop their nuclear testing ? 
  if you treat people with respect and engage in rational discourse then that 's when progress occurs  i think human rights are a good reason to be confrontational . 
  again , just because we recognise some things as human rights does n't mean others do too . 
   and i think they 've shown themselves to be a joke . 
  they ca n't recover from this . 
  all their future policies will sound like hypocrisy . 
  yeah . 
  we should just completely ignore these people . 
  we should sanction them , shut them off , and encourage anti-western sentiment . 
  do you have any knowledge of history whatsoever ? 
  so what happens ? 
  the swedish pm goes their without a headscarf , insults the iranians and then they never communicate again ... wonderful . 
  you do n't bring about change by insulting people publicly . 
  non-politicians ? 
  sure that could work . 
  unfortunately diplomacy does n't work that way, 
   respecting them means acknowledging them as legitimate no it does n't . 
  it acknowledges them as the law of the land and as being culturally respectiful . 
  in fact for all intents and purposes they are legitimate . 
  just because you do n't like something does n't mean you can just ignore it . 
  i get the impression that people have never left the ` happy coexisting ' eu with its shared values when they say stuff like this . 
  different places have different rules and different values . 
  everywhere is n't the west . 
  it 's a fact of life, 
   the non-hypocritical version is : `` when we go over there , we should dress like we usually do . 
  and when they come over here , they can also dress like they usually do . '', 
  the point is that we are the ` civilised , liberal west ' who are setting the example by respecting their views when they 're here . 
  they have no obligation to do likewise . 
  however , resorting to petty ` you do n't let us so we wo n't let you ' is the sort of immature thing a 5 year old does , and is entirely counter-productive imo, 
  i assume you 're perfectly happy with muslims wearing full burka and implementing sharia law in romania ? 
  of course you 're not, 
  it really is quite depressing , especially when everyone on here sees themselves as ` liberal ' and ` progressive ' ( whatever the fuck those americanisms mean ), 
  it would be a completely pointless sign of disrespect . 
  what is the point ? 
  respecting the laws and culture of a country you 're visiting is n't ` submission ' ffs . 
  she could make a statement and refuse to do it , but what 's the point ? 
  it achieves nothing . 
  you can respect someone 's customs and still make it clear that you do n't approve of them , but if you 're in someoene else 's country you should obey their rules , or else not go at all . 
  surely it 's better for all to maintain good relationships and try and build on them , rather than being needlessly confrontational and doing the exact opposite . 
  i have a lot of respect for her doing this tbh . 
  no it really does n't . 
  it 's just not something that 's worth the diplomatic fallout . 
  not so far ... our trade deficit is just the same as before 6 months on, 
  well older people do n't speak english so much to be fair, 
  i did n't even realise it at the time . 
  there were always a few girls sitting on a bench watching us swim with ` medical exemptions ' . 
  i only realised it was period related a few years ago : /, 
  what about the 48 % of people in the uk that do n't think immigrants were sent by the devil to ruin our country ? 
   when religion is as prevalent as it is in the me , of course you 're going to get higher numbers of conservative / fundamentalist people . 
  as an example i have a syrian friend who follows an extremely liberal branch of islam . 
  he 's as western as you or me and is a fantastic human being . 
  he drinks , has sex with his ( british ) girlfriend outside of wedlock etc etc. 
  as an aside assad also bombed his family 's town to try and stir them into action . 
  he had to pay a lot of money to smuggle himself into the country and try and convince them to leave :( tl ; dr. ultra-conservative mentalists are not all muslims . 
  it 's the same as tarring all christians as jehovah 's witnesses ( extreme example ) . 
  well i grew up in the middle east and lived / worked the on and off for 25 years . 
  it 's honestly amazing the rate of change that has taken place . 
  20 years ago the dubai of today ( for example ) just did n't exist - [ link 1 ] ( http://www.technocrazed.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/change-in-skyline-of-world-most-famous-cities-13.jpg ) [ link 2 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/middle-east/united-arab-emirates/dubai/galleries/dubai-old-and-new-incredible-pictures-of-the-changing-skyline/ ) .
