  in 50 years it 's gone from none-existent to a world famous tourist destination and global hub . 
  the same applies to culture , law , lifestyle , education and opportunities . 
  in the 90s the living conditions for expats were much much harsher than they are now , and the lifestyle significantly less western ( but ironically better in many ways ) . 
  i mean i still would n't dream of going out wearing ` inappropriate ' clothing or public displays of affection , even though now everyone does it , because it 's just culturally insensitive ( as another example ) . 
  unfortunately such things can only change and adapt so fast . 
  i mean in the west we still have a huge problem accepting immigrants and the rate of change has been extremely gradual in comparison ( to use a direct comparison can you imagine if 90 % of the population were transient migrants , predominantly from ` lesser ' asian countries like india and bangladesh ?? 
  there would be fucking riots in any western country before it hit 20 % ) . 
  basically people are inherently against change , so there will always be people pushing back against it . 
  the gulf ( at least , maybe not the whole middle east ) has however been dragged through extraordinary change in an extremely short period of time . 
  the people do n't really know what their identity is any more because of this and i believe that 's one of the reasons that they still cling to religion so strongly . 
  people just honestly do n't appreciate how much change / development / westernisation has occurred in the middle east . 
  personally i think it 's fucking impressive and admirable . 
  i genuinely miss not living there any more , because it does some westernised things far better than the west manages . 
  at the same time i do n't agree with the politics of the region , but i 'll sure as hell defend it against the amount of ( imo ) uneducated , misinformed bullshit that self proclaimed ` young , liberal ' redditors write because they read an article on breitbart explaining the quran one time . 
  the same goes for the outright propaganda that the western media call ` reporting ' . 
  it 's so fucking wrong almost all the time that it actually angers me ( and in some cases personally insults me ) . 
   westerners should n't be the only ones to experience this , everybody deserves equality . 
  i agree , but much like democracy , it 's not something you can force on people . 
  you need to let them see the benefits and decide they want it . 
  this is why the internet is such a key tool ( assuming they do n't block all the websites , which luckily they do n't seem to do ) . 
  evidence of this would be the increase in saudi women protesting against some of the sexist laws in recent years . 
   human rights are universal that mean they apply to everybody . 
  but again those rights are based on your own personal values . 
  i share those same values and believe in those same rights , but many people do n't . 
  it 's noble for us to want others to share those same rights ( they do n't understand because they 've never experienced them amirite ? 
  ) , but at the same time , what right do we have to tell people how they should live their lives ( unless they 're in our country of course ) ? 
  for the record there is honestly a superficial conservatism in most of the middle east . 
  there are plenty of gay muslims depending on where you go ; they 're just quite discreet about it . 
  you 'll find muslims in bars with bottles of whiskey etc etc. 
  it 's basically like the us army policy of ` do n't ask do n't tell ' to an extent . 
  people just keep on the down low so as not to draw the attention of the ultra-conservatives . 
  with the internet etc you 'd be shocked by how fast people are liberalising their values and beliefs too . 
  the only thing really holding back the westernisation of the middle east is western meddling driving populations into despair and towards radicalisation . 
  when people are suffering they turn to religion for guidance and purpose because they have nothing else . 
  this is why all these anti-islamic attitudes in the west actually become a self-fulfilling prophecy and are helping absolutely nothing . 
  we need to be accepting of different values / cultures and encourage debate / education . 
  ffs most of the middle east was an empty desert with illiterate , uneducated , nomadic populations until 60/70 years ago . 
  do you honestly expect people to go from literally nothing to full westernisation in 2 generations , considering there are still plenty of sexist / homophobic people in the west and at the same time these people first lived in a permanent house homosexuality was still illegal in the west ? 
  so in the time that most our our population have taken to accept homosexuality ( which many still do n't ) , they 've seen their first generation to have a proper school/university education ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  many of the ruling families are uk/us educated and have very liberal values ( including saudi ) , but changing the entire culture of a region requires time and education , something we refuse to give them . 
  they may have wealth and ` economic development ' , but culturally it 's impossible to change attitudes , values and beliefs at the same rate . 
   in a word , oppression is never justifiable , no it 's not , but if the people do n't feel they 're being oppressed , then are they being oppressed ? 
  as i say the number of people feeling oppressed is growing due to education , but it takes time for that number to become a large enough group . 
  look at iran ; the theocratic support comes from the less affluent and uneducated rural regions ( as an example ), 
  yeah . 
  just say you 're on your period . 
  in my class there were a couple of girls who seemed to be on the rag every single week . . 
  but you are arguing that based on your western values . 
  different people have different values . 
  is it not arrogant and elitist to suggest that your values are better than anyone else 's ? 
  we think of communism as being awful , but that does n't stop a lot of people in ex ussr countries wanting to return to it , even if they were oppressed . 
  look at china ; they are happy to be oppressed as long as their standard of living improves . 
  you can not force culture and values on people . 
  you can just try and persuade them as to why your own values are ` better ', 
  not really different . 
  everyone agrees to accept the different working regulations . 
  as he says . 
  it 's just a different culture . 
  just because it does n't conform to what we in the west think of as normal does n't mean it 's inherently wrong ( although i 'd argue it is , but that 's based on my liberal western values ) . 
  as a sovereign nation saudi can make whatever laws they want tbh . 
  if you do n't like the laws then do n't go there . 
  it 's that simple, 
  we 're in the brave new post truth world now though . 
  i do n't think facts or reality have any relevance any more, 
  that 's just reddit in general . 
  there 's just widespread ignorance and misinformation about islam . 
  people seem to think they 're all the same ( i.e. 
  extremists ) , rather than dozens of different forms of islam with different interpretations of each depending on who you speak to . 
  26 times in  200 years is not many times . 
  the american constitution requires what ? 
  2/3 of states to support it ? 
  it 's not easy to change and nor is it regularly changed to adapt to the times . 
  i do n't feel the need for such a place . 
  i just wish the general population would stop talking so much shit about issues on which they have so little understanding . 
  alas it 's human nature i guess , 
  of course , but there are so few people speaking any sort of sense on these issues that i have to cling onto what i can, 
   syrian civil war was caused by syrians themselves by having religions differences among muslim sects , this is horribly naive . 
  the syrian civil war is a geopolitical proxy war . 
  it 's about far more than syrians being unhappy for whatever reason, 
  wow . 
  it seems there are some other people on reddit who have some sort of understanding of the situation . 
  i 'd given up ever trying to explain this kind of thing to people tbh . 
  well . 
  destroying entire countries for a generation tends to leave people a bit ` directionless ' and more than a little prone to radicalisation, 
   it is the societal cultural and economic pressures in islamic countries that are the main culprit . 
  caused either directly or indirectly by western foreign policy in many cases , 
  i did specify ` rise ' rather than formation . 
  american / british foreign policy is almost entirely at fault for the prevalence of islamic extremism tbh, 
  how ironic that americans murdering muslim is what 's led to the rise of terrorism then ? 
   the reason why there are ultraconservative theocratic dictatorships there is because sufficiently many people support them . 
  actually a lot of it can be put down to western geopolitical manoeuvring . 
  the middle east has become a hell of a lot more conservative over recent decades in some areas, 
   religious and uneducated people whose culture is incompatible with ours see now that 's opinion on which you 're basing your argument . 
  what about brexit propaganda ? 
  the thing with london is that everyone hates it whilst they 're there , but really misses it when they leave . 
  there are some painful things when living there , like the high housing costs and commuting during rush hour . 
  at the same time , it 's the most multinational city on the planet , it 's huge and there 's so much stuff to do and see . 
  there 's a reason it 's the world 's # 1 tourist destination, 
  referendum guy spouts some shit , but occasionally he has something worthwhile to say .
