  we prefer our freedom loans at 17.76 % thank you very much . 
  i 'd rather be a homeless starving person who cant get a job then have socialism, 
  why has this nap been posted so many times ? 
  turkey isnt white how dare you, 
  argentina but not the us ? 
  why :( ( ( ( (, 
  why do/dont puerto rican want to join ? 
  do most purto ricans want to become a state ? 
  do you guys identify as hispanic , american or something else ? 
  i 'm interested in pr because i know nothing about it even though its part of the us, 
  i 'd imagine a couple grenades would do the trick, 
  now if only you guys could vote yes to being a state , i would be happy, 
  why do n't the devs just patch in a system that is n't pay to win ? 
  the guardian seems to be anti west normally , but in the last month they seemed to go anti russian . 
  sort of confusing, 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i had to grind to get my extra damage , and they just get it for free, 
  it 's possible , but yes , not likely soon . 
  however , kurdish independence in iraq looks increasing likely , syria sort of , and iran not so much . 
  yeah i know . 
  not sure how that changes my statement also , i 've generally seen the area as smaller than that . 
  is that claimed area , ethnic majority area or what . 
  well kurdistan will soon be a buffer between turkey , iraq , iran , and some of syria, 
  no jeff , since you do n't think every single muslim is an extremist , you have an extreme leftist agenda, 
  slavery is n't that common any more . 
  people in the third world getting paid shit , living in a shit slum , and having shit living conditions , is not slavery , it 's exploitation . 
  that 's not to say slavery does n't happen ( i.e silicon in affica ), 
  we will conquer the world muhahahah, 
  nope nope nope literally 1.6 billion people are all part of isis you pc feminazi white genocide, 
  i 've seen that i do before , but i 'm not sure if that is slavery . 
  they are still getting paid , just under paid like shit and being exploiting . 
  of course i have a lot of chocolate laying around . 
  did you look at my flair ? 
  it 's not your fault , but you should understand how most people will interpret a word when they hear it . 
  he basically said that yes , they are invaders . 
  even so , i was more so discussing the word , not his usage, 
  the great thing is that english words tend to have a popular meaning that most people think of . 
  invade is n't the right word . 
  it makes it sound like illegal immigrants are coming with guns and occupying europe . 
  use a more appropriate , less sensationalist word and people will take your argument more seriously, 
  from google  an instance of invading a country or region with an armed force . 
  `` the allied invasion of normandy '' be anti immigration and it 's fine . 
  i might even agree on some things . 
  but this sensationalism does nothing but hurt actual discussion, 
  well then it 's probably very little, 
  i was referring to former german imperialism in africa, 
  no , they are n't, 
  probably france . 
  uk , portugal and spain . 
  i guess belgium as well with the whole hand cutting thing . 
  maybe germany in africa . 
  edit : reddit wrong sorry, 
  hey , i actually live in yorktown/williamsburg , which is pretty englishy . 
  yup yes, 
  sorry , commented before i you put this comment in . 
  removed it, 
  oh god i went to a baseball game . 
  am i a fascist ? 
  please help . 
  and ? 
  does that mean everyone who is pro russian is a shill ? 
  if someone posts in treads only about 1 specific subject and is a new account , yes , they may be a shill . 
  may . 
  i still do n't like saying `` omg people here disagree with me !, 
  it can be applied to almost everything . 
  maybe the anti ttip posters are shills hired by russia or anti ttip parties ? 
  well those accusations are just annoying and hurt reasonable discussion . 
  for most cases , i dislike nationalism as well . 
  however , i do n't see see the issue with this . 
  if it was just some dumb nationalistic parade for no reason , i would hate it , but this about independence . 
  for someone unfamiliar with spanish politics , what is the attitude like there ? 
  polls for scotland show 52/48 or so , but what about catalina ? 
  could someone familiar with this issue give me some ** unbiased ** information ? 
  both spanish and catalan views would be much appreciated, 
  what ? 
  implying it would have any impact if i did . . just because they are offering money for it , does n't mean everyone who has a different opinion than you is a shill . 
  calling or implying that people are shills i 'd just annoying , and it happens on both sides . 
  russian shills here , american shills here , jidf , etc, 
  i think that may have been a joke reffering to ukraine as part of russia now . 
  or , like many americans , he does n't know european geography, 
  but do n't forget about the gulag . 
  or the nazis . 
  or the imperialism . 
  or the spanish and portuguese dictatorships . 
  french guillotines . 
  the swiss semi cooperating with the nazis . 
  italian facism and chemical weapons . 
  croatian and serbian ethnic cleansing . 
  you get the point . 
  nobody here has even heard of , let alone know , what ttip is . 
  most of the tops comments are against ttip . 
  clearly our shill department fucken sucks . 
  i hate this stuoid shillcusation stuff . 
  thanks for having some sense . 
  i swear every thread you 're in i usually end up agreeing . 
  i would probably say something here as well sometimes , but it 's not worth my time, 
  nearly everyone here uses annual instead of monthly, 
  everyone on reddit has been constantly talking about ww3 for any small event . 
  oh x happened ? 
  literally world war 3 !,
