seems stormfronts plan to infiltrate / r/europe is going good, 
  it 's not pointless . 
  if a company paid me to post pro walmart comments and articles , reddit would loose it 's shit . 
  look at / r/european . 
  nearly all of the articles have a xenophbic , anti islam , or racist agenda to them . 
  that 's why most people gate that sub, 
  it was n't about the article , it was about the agenda behind posting it, 
  the poster here ... night not have been clear, 
  i did n't say that it was , it 's just annoying having accounts that are just for posting anti islam and flat out racist posts ( g0dblessadolfthitler ) or accounts for posting news thst supports xenophobia ( europeforeuropeans ) . 
  funny that if i were to back a new account called israel for israelis with a strict agenda for posting anti palestine news , a would be called a shill, 
  that 's not what i said at all . 
  i 'm getting tired of all of the racist accounts posting on this subreddit . 
  i like to come here to learn about europeans and europe , not to see racially inspired posts everyday edit : referring to the op , not the actual article itself, 
  thats california . 
  and one subreddit language, 
  jesus christ nearly every post there is about muslims . 
  lol, 
  `` ~ ~ `` ~ ~ i 'm writing arabic !, 
  oh please stop you 're making me hungry, 
  i 've never really liked collage football . 
  i do like the pacing as opposed to nfl , but the leauges and teams are confused . 
  you 're embarrassing us in front of the europeans, 
  i 'm sure most of us hate them too, 
  see we are n't ** all ** dumb . 
  i just know my geography from reading wikipedia pages . 
  first it starts with a simple click to something about the caspian sea . 
  then i see a mention of kazakhstan . 
  what is kazakhstan ? 
  so i read that page . 
  it borders uzbekistan ? 
  what is that ? 
  it just keeps going . 
  i ca n't help myself . 
  `` one of '', 
  to be fair , i do n't think anyone on reddit actually reads the articles, 
  even so , surely you would remember suriname right ? 
  i actually do n't think i 've seen a real gun except for police officers , and thats in virginia . 
  i 've heard some old people talking about guns , but thats it . 
  seriously , not that many people acually have guns . 
  i think the number is 30 % or so . 
  it 's our plan to control the world . 
  we already have reddit , twitter , facebook , etc. 
  now we are conquering / r/europe, 
  i approve of that, 
  well the people who say that are fucken stupid and always get my downvotes . 
  i do n't see why having an outside opinion hurts . 
  all over reddit europeans constantly voice there opinion on our laws , but usually get upvoted . 
  i 'm here because i like to be informed about the world , and europe in specific . 
  a lot of people are mad at americans here , which i do n't get . 
  i either get called an uninformed dumb american , or told to get off a subreddit for european news . 
  ca n't win there . 
  also , a lot of americans do n't use the american flag because they will get downvoted more . 
  all of us have different opinions . 
  i usually agree with most europeans here on most things . 
  that 's the joke.jpg, 
  it ranks 26 in the country . 
  not many people live there for it being a capital, 
  not very many people even live in dc most just commute there . 
  my uncle is a lawyer who commutes from maryland to dc . 
  pretty sure he 's not a criminal or a drug addict . 
  is jewish though . 
  maybe the conspiracies are true ... 
  the shit we have, 
  i could if i moved a fan i have on it . 
  which , imo , is n't a good thing, 
  http://www.aa.com/i18n/urls/entertainmentondemand.jsp#wi-fi i just read a book and then used internet at the airport, 
  it didnt happen on my flight from virginia to florida . 
  we had wifi on the flight , but you had to pay for it . 
  american airlines is pretty bad, 
  wow never thought i would see this on reddit . 
  i dont remember exactly what he said , be he said ( more or less ) that he was fleeing russia , and was worried about being jailed for trying to leave, 
  oh hey its you . 
  any updates ? 
  of course it 's dailymail, 
  yeah do n't expect islamic extremists to use logic . 
  if they did , they would n't be islamic extremists, 
  most current estimates range from 30,000-10 ,0000, 
  i swear we do n't have a plan to conquer this sub, 
  oh god but the humidity in the east . 
  so bad, 
  i 'm calling troll on this one . 
  possibily annoying stormfront neo nazi , but they claim to be `` not racist '', 
  inb4 beating refugees is ok because they are mooslims, 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  `` new texas '', 
  i do n't know what this . 
  i give up . 
  in case you are unaware , you are n't making sense . 
  i 'm on mobile so i ca n't really read all of the sites , sorry . 
  where does the money come from ? 
  would c/p , but not making an account for it . 
  is it really that bad ? 
  i know russia is not great for civil rights and the like , but some of the comments make it sound like nk ? 
  anyways , good look . 
  keep us updated, 
  this is why you do n't do drugs kids, 
  now i 'm not saying that someone is pushing an agenda here , but ... at least try to hide it, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what ? 
  it 's almost like americans do n't make more terrible jokes than europeans : /,
