`` webster completed his dictionary during his year abroad in january 1825 in a boarding house in cambridge , england . 
  [ 42 ] his book contained seventy thousand words , of which twelve thousand had never appeared in a published dictionary before . 
  as a spelling reformer , webster preferred spellings that matched pronunciation better . 
  in a companion to the american revolution ( 2008 ) , john algeo notes : `` it is often assumed that characteristically american spellings were invented by noah webster . 
  he was very influential in popularizing certain spellings in america , but he did not originate them . 
  rather '' [ ... ] he chose already existing options such as center , color and check on such grounds as simplicity , analogy or etymology . 
  '' [ 34 ] he also added american words , like `` skunk '' and `` squash , '' that did not appear in british dictionaries . 
  at the age of seventy , webster published his dictionary in 1828 , registering the copyright on april 14 . '', 
  it 's not a myth . 
  he may not have been the sole cause as many say in some sense , but he very purposefully tried to germanize spelling . 
  he and many of his friends even have speeches and essays on their belief that the simplification of intellectual topics ( such as english linguistics ) would hopefully make it so more people could become educated . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  lol, 
  holy shit, 
  sure , but that 's not what my comment was about . 
  the replier claimed americans identified with another country , which we generally do n't . 
  yes . 
  and most of us still call ourselves american . 
  that 's why i stated the difference between national , cultural , and ethnic identities . 
  irish-american is not a national identity . 
  i 'm aware you do n't see it the same way . 
  i 'm responding to the claim people identify with other countries . 
  we do n't . 
  we identify with other cultures . 
  and my point with the indian british is that you might understand how it exists , whether or not you and your culture care to speak of it . 
  and they mean ethnically not nationally i 'm sure if you talk a first or second gen indian brit , they would express some cultural identity to indian culture, 
  you 're the one calling people nazis there is n't a conversation to be had where a metaphor is off topic, 
  and the copy pasta ... [ u/goeie-ouwe-henk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aaodnol.jpg ) at best i can hope you 're a troll but it does n't mater either way, 
  now you 're just willfully being ignorant . 
  let 's put it this way . 
  are there any customs specific to people that speak frisian ? 
  it 's not an obsession . 
  it 's a painfully obvious observation and product of our daily lives . 
  you would do us both a favor if you would identify if you mean nationally , ethnically , or culturally when you say `` while you are american '' because it is n't another culture . 
  there is n't an american culture which we are rejecting to claim we are korean-american . 
  there is n't a pure american culture . 
  there is a vague americanness that is one of many culturally identities we simultaneously identify with at best . 
  the theses you do n't seem to be understanding are 1 . 
  nationality is n't culture 2 . 
  culture is not stuck in a place if a welsh person goes to another place outside of wales and continues welsh customs , he is still culturally predominantly welsh . 
  his children are likely to be partially culturally welsh . 
  korean-american . 
  not korean . 
  think of it as `` korean-ish '' you speak like culture is stuck in the ground or inherently tied to a nation-state . 
  they brought it with them . 
  it 's not lost by becoming `` american '', 
  if someone were to take korean language afterschool and teakwondo once a week each in classes filled entirely with korean-americans where they did korean activities and ate korean food , would you then be able to see how they might form a partial identity separate to `` american '' ? 
  yes . 
  people have many identities . 
  american is their national . 
  chinese/irish/german-derived ( american ) is their cultural . 
  where is the delusion ? 
  i said nationality is one thing . 
  ethnicity is another . 
  cultures are another . 
  all of these people identify nationally as americans . 
  but most of them identify culturally along ethnic and regional connections . 
  most americans born in america are not * nationally * identifying as anything but american . 
  many of them still live in ethnic neighborhoods , our parents raised us similar ways , our parents cook similar foods , our parents made us attend ethnic after school , and much more . 
  private schools are built around churches , churches are built around neighborhoods , neighborhoods are built around ethnic communities . 
  a person is a collage of nationality , ethnicity , and many cultures . 
  while the term `` irish-american '' may sound black and white to an outsider , most people are n't saying that is their sole identity here . 
  culture does n't just vanish by moving location or by one generation . 
  even if i ca n't say `` this is an old german tradition my family does '' i can identify that my none of my asian friends do it while my white and likely german friends do , etc. 
  it does n't seem you 're reading all of this . 
  my last sentence of the last message pretty much directly contradicts your question before asking it . 
  we are n't . 
  we 're primarily identifying with other * americans * we * do * have things in common with . 
  like i said , yes my nationality is not my ethnicity is not my culture but you seem to think we are strongly identifying with ireland or china or something , which we are n't . 
  nobody is identifying with another culture . 
  it 's a subculture . 
  all of them are americans . 
  just as someone west coast can be different someone from new england , someone with an irish background can be different from someone with a chinese background . 
  `` plain american '' is n't a thing . 
  you may be referring to anglocentric `` whiteness '' but even that is a subculture with variants . 
  no , they 're called subcultures . 
  there can be many shared traits among them and much of the public display of their culture is born out of having once been marginalized . 
  but being an irish-american is n't the same as being an irish american . 
  it 's an identity with other irish-gened americans , not irishmen . 
   the idea of being part of a foreign country while you were born and raised in your own country i do n't think this is as true as seemingly most europeans seem to think it is . 
  most people do n't feel part of another country . 
  saying `` i 'm irish '' and having irish flags around is mostly about being irish-american . 
  i mean , like i root for the german football team at the world cup if the americans get knocked out because i 'm german by blood , but i 'm not claiming i have much kinship with germans . 
  there are better resources for answering that question than anecdote, 
  thank you, 
  actually no they went from having no government of their own to democratic republic the power that reigned over them may have had a constitutional monarchy , but no part of its representation system included any colonies, 
   in france this meant going from rule by king to rule by the people and egalit\u00e9 , libert\u00e9 and fratinert\u00e9 came looking around the corner . 
  much like america did ... ? 
  in fact , many aspects of france 's ideologies and implementations was explicitly inspired from america . 
  this just seems like you 're dramatically underselling america 's situation when especially the stories of france are highly comparable to america 's, 
  that 's what i said . 
  it seems your metaphor is going backwards . 
  do n't you mean blues was inspired by jazz but it 's not jazz ? 
  and that does n't explain how it could be seen as not a revolution, 
  how are those different ? 
  they specifically referred to ours as some level of inspiration and ours was the first of its kind, 
  we call all of those revolutions . 
  mexican revolution french revolution etc, 
  ah britain . 
  home of the kickball champions .
