  for the same reasons you want spanish independence , catalans wants catalan independence . 
  and they deserve it . 
  catalans have proven to be more stable than spain is . 
  also , a catalan state would be beneficial to europe because spain would wake up and realize that minimizing minorities and malfuction ca n't work . 
  spain has f *** ed up , it 's time to accept it . 
  no , it isnt legally azerbaijani territory . 
  it 's armenian territory . 
  azerbaijan is a dictator state that is known for human rights abuses https://www.hrw.org/europe/central-asia/azerbaijan race crimes [ against non-turkics ] is legally allowed in azerbaijan and will get you cult status . 
  it 's time for catalan independence . 
  love you catala people . 
  he most likely died of natural causes . 
  i 'm shocked at the level of racist and ignorant comments here . 
  is this what europe has become ? 
  refugees havent chosen to flee , they were forced to . 
  they need their iphone and welfare because otherwise they would be dead . 
  europe has the money and place to shelter them , so we should . 
  also the refugees help with battling ageing problems . 
  and not to be forgotten , europe is one of the most racist continents . 
  we need to do things to get us out of the nazi mentality that a lot of us suffer from . 
  taking in refugees and integrating them into society will help definitely . 
  least , but not less important : since they are refugees and actually fled war , they will not wage war against us because why would they if they just had fled war ? 
  i promise you personally that those reguees will do nobody any harm . 
  just trust me , i know what i 'm talking about . 
  i put that on my life . 
  there is , iraqi arabic and syrian arabic are two different langauges . 
  arabic isnt like english , aka every dialect understands each other . 
  moroccan arabs cant even understand iraqi arabs for example . 
  and they are right, 
  theyre not only seen as turks , they see themselves as turks . 
  it isnt like turks say '' we are germans '' and germans reject it , no turks say '' we are turkish '' so germans call them turkish . 
  i think this is pure hatred and racism coming from the german intelligence . 
  jihadists want to fight in the middle east , the people that hate jihadists flee to europe . 
  that 's one of the reasons why europe should accept more refugees . 
  sure , there may be 1 or 2 infiltrators in the whole population of refugees , but what 's more important : 2 terrorists or millions of refugees ? 
  europe shoudl definitely take more in refugees . 
  and to battle extremism , we should provide them free education and free housing inside a big city , so that they can get to know the local people better and integrate more . 
  this will in the long term mean that jihadism will be exterminated because the refugees , who should stay because they fled war , are now secular people who love their european countries . 
  no , no . 
  dont try to explain that to european masterrace . 
  in their eyes , only they are taking refugees and america is the fault of everything . 
  they forgot that barely 70 years ago , they were killing eachother indiscriminately and now they claim moral superiority over anyone else . 
  i wish you '' critics '' understood that catalan people are not spanish . 
  also funny coming from a romanian . 
  would you agree not splitting from soviet influence '' because it could bring big problems ? 
  the tablighi jamaat ( tj ) name has come up before in connection with terrorism plots , including the october 2002 portland seven and the september 2002 lackawanna six cases in the united states , as well as the august 2006 plot to bomb airliners en route from london to the united states , the july 7 , 2005 , london underground bombings and the july 2007 attempted bombings in london and glasgow , scotland . 
  over the past several years we also have received several queries about tj from u.s. law enforcement officials who are concerned about the group 's presence and activities in the united states . 
  this is a big chance to debate him and convince him that terrorism and extremism shouldnt be allowed . 
  we should give him free house , free education and listen to what he says . 
  i 'm telling you , the method of locking up is n't helpful . 
  we have to practice what we preach . 
  we have to show him freedom and promote love . 
  this is big chance to show refugees that they can integrate and that religious freedom is important in europe . 
   i am genuinely curious : what the fuck is wrong with you ??? 
  you do realize the actual reasons for syrian conflict ? 
  drought from 2006-2011 , population increase over 400 % , water shortages , all that forced people to go to cities with no jobs or prospects , resulting in unrest and all mess we see today . 
  yemen is on the brink of collapse as no water + growing population is a recipe for a disaster , gaza will be inhabitable by 2020 . 
  where are your answers ? 
  can muslims like you even comprehend that stop breeding is the only way to solve overpopulation problem ? 
  syrian conflict started because assad was corrupt and sectarian . 
  we in europe can teach the refugees that being corrupt is not the way to go . 
  i think they will understand it and adjust . 
   do you genuinely believe that you can continue and breed indefinitely on a finite planet ? 
  what kind of education did you get ? 
  2 grades in some rural open air school ? 
  they should deport your lame ass from france asap . 
  smth . 
  like i said , for problems , there 's answers . 
  there can be new technological advances which can promote higher buildings . 
  honestly ? 
  who cares ? 
  these people are dying and we need to help him . 
  even if it means that we will have slightly worse lives . 
   the conquests of mohammed and the other islamic rulers is one thing . 
  their success back then was because as far as conquests went , the ones they conquered were often far better off than they were under other rulers . 
  back then , islam thinkers and rulers were not as narrow minded ( for their time ) in comparison to non-islamic rulers . 
  during the age of discovery through the industrial revolution it stagnated and it reached a low point in the 20th century with wahhabism , where one can debate on whether it is slowly getting better or still remains stuck there . 
  why are you bringing obvious things up ? 
  i destroyed your myth that wahabbism has started islamism , which isnt the cae . 
   do you really think that the migrants will want to live in a rural neighbourhood ? 
  it 's obvious they come to live and work in cities . 
  some of them do , some of them dont . 
  just explain the situatio and they will understand . 
   considering point 1 , this means that those people wo n't spread evenly over europe but they will further crowd cities . 
  and the cities are very densily populated already . 
  it can handle more . 
  see how usa and china have way more dense cities and still manage to run their cities . 
   you are very na\u00efve about this . 
  this influx of migrants will put a huge strain on our cities . 
  take french cities that have huge problems with the ` banlieues ' . 
  this will now be all over europe . 
  which will require more people to focus on the problems , and so a faster and more effective solution . 
  for every problem , there 's a solution . 
   this will only be beneficial for the companies , who will be able to pay cheaper labor . 
  many of which will happen in black of course . 
  all of this will put even further strain on society as people from here who can not get a job will place the fault on the migrants . 
  which is not entirely wrong . 
  of course , the `` right-thinking left '' will then accuse them of being racists and fascists and whatever . 
  lower costs for the companies also means lower production costs in general and so cheaper products for us . 
   i have yet to see the benefits of that so-called cultural diversity . 
  sure , i like to meet people from various countries , and i think everybody enjoys learning about other cultures .
