but the problem is that we do n't exist in a void ; our politics are going to look at catalonia and think `` oh shit , we should n't give our own people ideas now that they 've mostly calmed down ! '', 
  of course france is not going to publicly announce their support for catalan independence , but they will eventually trade and meet with catalan leaders . 
  france should support their independence because it 's in our benefit to do so . 
   i do n't look at it emotionally , that 's the thing : i look at this in a very cold manner , i 've no investment in this at all . 
  i 'm someone who looks at the economics side of this , the repercussions such a decision can have on the `` new country '' itself , as well as the neighbouring ones . 
  i usually think that populations make overall pretty bad choices because a lot are manipulated by politics from whatever sides , so i tend to stick to the repercussions these kind of decisions will develop . 
  you are constantly referring to what could happen to france , which is quite emotional . 
  instead of seeing catalan independence as a threat , we could see it as a chance . 
  the catalan people deserve independence , and they ask for it . 
  let me ask you one thing : would you be okay with other countries denying the existence of france ? 
  i would n't . 
  also , no matter what the catalan people do , they will be far better of with an independent state than without . 
  the spanish government has demonized the catalan people a lot . 
  spanish newspapers even referred to the catalan movement as '' nazi '' . 
  do you think that catalan people should stay with a country which has those thoughts on them ? 
   i 've absolutely no reason to believe that corsicans can exist as solely corsicans and not french or italians , and that they can survive on their own without our help . 
  i 'll let you think about what it would entail for them to be a `` country '' , and ponder if they truly want independance based on this . 
  no country can survive without the help of other countries . 
  one would be a fool to think otherwise . 
  france could never reach its pontential without the help of other european countries since its existence . 
  if other countries never helped us , we were now either german , spanish ( philip ii https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/philippe_ii_%28roi_d'espagne%29 ) or british . 
   you 're french and you do n't even realise why france would n't want a neighbouring secessionist state ... hello , have you seen our `` nationalistes '' ? 
  do you think our politics can just smile and say `` welcome ! '', 
  basques are already claiming they want to make a country too ( and there 's a tiny part over here in france ) this is a racist and biased opinion i 've seen a lot unfortunately . 
  just because people want independence somewhere , doesnt mean that they want it everywhere . 
  and just because not every independence movement is not supported by france , doesnt mean that we should support the legitamite demands of the catalan people who want to secceed from spain . 
  hello , france can not afford such crisis , and certainly does n't see it as `` beneficial for the eu '' . 
  why are you trying to project the catalan movement on france ? 
  you 're acting like a narrow-minded person , i 'm sure you are not . 
  do n't look at it emotionally , but rationally : the catalan people are a non-spanish people with a different language , different culture and different habits . 
  france supports the un which says that a people have the right for self-determination . 
  just like we have the right to say that france is our country , catalans have the right to call catalunya their independent country . 
  also , on the corsican issue , i believe that they should have had independence a long time ago . 
  more people have supported independence than not . 
  chp = turkish left , it is nowhere comparable with the left of the west . 
  before becoming independent i mean of course . 
  there was no dutch state prior to violent revolution against the spanish government . 
  that 's not a stretch to be honest . 
  netherlands has always been a part of other countries , the last country it was part of was spain . 
  dutch people revolted violently and attacked the '' legitimate '' spanish government of back then , to create an own country . 
  netherlands is a separatist country that was part of spain and secceeded illegitematily . 
  and now he 's calling out catalans for doing something what his own country did . 
   first of all , why would a new country already be a part of the eu ? 
  why not ? 
  it is beneficial to the eu . 
  it 's ironic coming from a dutch guy , a country that was ruled by spain until dutch separatists violently revolted against the spanish government . 
  so , since you are against self-determination for a people who have an own language , culture and rights , i suppose you advocate netherlands getting back to spain , right ? 
  that 's just hard talk to be honest . 
  eu countries know that they cant be backlashed economically , they cant even regulate refugees let alone try everything to stop catalunya . 
  ** to all the catalans ** : i 'm very happy for you and wish you everything that can be wished for . 
  i really hope to visit the new state of catalunya . 
   i realize that there are a lot of passionate feelings about this , but you have to realize that simply calling a regional election a referendum is not how this thing works . 
  it 's a regional election according to the spanish government , but for the catalans it was either independence or staying with spain . 
  turkey is an extremely dangerous country for anybody who wants to have a free mind . 
  the best thing in turkey to be , is a conservative nationalist . 
  [ leftist ] ( http://ufilter.blogspot.nl/2015/09/chp-building-was-attacked-in.html ) will get you attacked , [ being kurdish ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34215301 ) will get you killed , and being a nationalist will put you in groups that are [ violent and extremist ] ( http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/thousands-across-turkey-protests-against-pkk-666574588 ) . 
  if i were to live in erdogan 's turkey , i would just pledge allegiance to sultan erdogan , wear a jellaba and go to the mosque 5 times a day . 
   kurdish people 's protection units ( ypg ) say yes they said it , because they are the ones being attacked . 
  do you expect the japanese government to publize the attacks ? 
   you are aware ypg is pyd 's armed wing , right ? 
  without a single evidence , why should i trust pyd ? 
  not only ypg says it , christian militais also complaind of turkish attacks : an assyrian christian militia group has asked nato to stop turkey from attacking syria , since the military is shelling the kurdish militia people 's protection unit ( ypg ) . 
  the ypg , and its female counterpart the ypj , are seen by many in the region as the last line of defense from the islamic state . 
  http://www.kurdishinstitute.be/syriac-assyrian-christians-in-syria-warn-nato/ and now dont come with that '' source is kurdish so i dont trust it ! '', 
  bs , the statement is from the assyrian militia itself . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-33675760 the christians of syria also said that turkey was attacking them . 
  i support gay rights , but i support them because i actually believe homosexuals are normal people . 
  i dont support them because my government says so ( like the westerners ) while ignoring that all our allies are homophobic . 
   so having education in catalan makes them `` a de facto independent state '' ? 
  that 's just dumb . 
  that solely doesnt , but catalonia is a de facto independent state . 
   now i 'm gon na tell you why i oppose catalan secessionist : the rhetoric of catalan nationalism has been consistently victimist , blaming spain , the spanish people , culture and language of every single problem occurring in catalonia . 
  it 's straight forward demonization . 
  let 's say you are right : would n't it be better if you just let them secceed ? 
  they wouldnt be able to blame it anymore on spain . 
   currently , there is a 50 % of catalans who have spanish as a first language . 
  how do you think they 'll be treated under a new state , which has based its very existence in demonizing spain ? 
  they will be treated like they are treated now , just like normal people . 
  it isnt like there will be mongol hordes coming to conquer catalonia . 
  the people will stay the same , the difference is that catalan people will have dignity instead of being second class people . 
   spain is not the richest country in the world , but it 's in no way poor and is stable and peaceful . 
  and these guys are willing to make us the balkans 2.0 . 
  spain is stable and peaceful , true . 
  and can stay that , without catalunya . 
  so no need to force catalan people to stay with a country that isnt theirs . 
   but maybe you are bored with your life and would like to see that just because . 
  no , i actually care about the catalan people , unlike you who seems to care more about imperialism . 
  it 's funny how westerners try to portray russia as the only homophobic country in the world . 
  they forget that homophobia is at an all time high in west europe because of arab immigration : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germany-debates-gay-rights-after-pro-footballer-hitzlsperger-comes-out-a-943216.html http://www.dw.com/en/homophobia-among-muslim-students-in-germany/a-15822192, 
   how does spain do that ? 
  catalan is official in catalonia , valencia and balearic islands . 
  can you tell me where is catalan official in france ? 
  nowhere . 
  france is doing a horrible job at respecting minorities , i know that , and i also support independence movements of france . 
  for example i still think corsica should have been an independent state . 
   in catalonia , education is 100 % in catalan , except for the spanish language lecture . 
  this is compulsory , even if you just moved there from the rest of spain . 
  so , what you are saying , is that the country is already a de facto independent state . 
  so why should it stay with spain anyways ? 
  it makes the catalan people happy , if you care about catalan people , you should care about catalan independence too .
