  we need a force that counters organizations like the muslim brotherhood , which has a big impact on french arabs and condones the killing of french atheists . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6u5ziuitb4 hippy arguments are , just like communism , good to be shown on paper . 
  but will it solve the fear of the average french citizen ? 
  it will not . 
  ** '' when unjustice becomes law , resistance becomes duty '' . 
  do you mean these ? 
  http://static.euronews.com/articles/295964/1200x630_295964_anti-charlie-hebdo-protests-claim-mor.jpg?1421540170 http://data1.ibtimes.co.in/en/full/556525/pakistan-charlie-hebdo.jpg what has hippy measures told us ? 
  that hugging and kissing extremists are n't effective , that islamic terrorism is growing and that they are becoming more and more effective in terrorizing the french people . 
  are you french ? 
  do you know anything about french culture ? 
  if so , then you would know about the french revolution and why a big portion of france has died . 
  congratulations on totally missing the point and joining the hippy club . 
  instead of looking at the problem and see where it comes from , you try to antogonize me and try to ignore the real problem . 
  you try to switch the debate from terrorism to '' oh everyone who talks about ethnicity is racist '' . 
  guess what ? 
  being a hippy and thinking terrorists are n't ethno-religious motivated , will never solve the problem . 
  looking at ` why ' and ` how ' will solve the problem . 
  to understand islamic terrorism , you have to look at the roots . 
   firstly this was n't an arab . 
  arabs are actually a minority of muslims ( its saudi imperialism that creates that misconception ) . 
  moroccans are n't arabs . 
  majority of moroccans see themselves as arabs . 
   yes its looking like this guy was an islamic terrorist but your bile is hardly appropriate , yes he deserves to rot in prison for a long time but advocating vigilantism is hardly a solution tell that tho the french people who are living in uncertainity and dont dare to express their own opinions . 
  hippy statements are done . 
  they are good in theory , like communism , but fail in reality . 
  it 's time for realisim , and the french people have to do it themselves . 
  that '' you are a racist '' label has been getting old , brother . 
  the people are fed up with hippy comments that we should n't look at ethnicity . 
  no , not every arab is a potential terrorist . 
  but we have to look at the ethnicity , culture and origin of the terrorists to know why they commit terrorist acts against france . 
  we have to know where their anger comes from , and that is arab culture that revolves on anti-western sentiments . 
  we have to strike the terrorists at their heart , and that is by battling them back . 
  by showing that european people are fed up with terrorism . 
  you ca n't do that by hugging and kissing . 
  the terrorists do n't understand that language . 
  you have to show efficiency and force . 
  the hippy measures have failed , it is time for the people of france to rise up and show the terrorists that we will not give up no matter what . 
  we have to counter trojan horses who call for the destruction of france , like these people : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qffekayqb4 educating terrorists has proven to not be efficient , when arab terrorists believe in something , they will not stop . 
  just like this imam who forces women to wear hijab no matter what . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iiujwmh - we have to stop clerics from reaching out to arabs in france to '' eliminate the west '' through caliphates . 
  we have to let them know that the people of france are the indigenous people and will never accept the elimination of french lands by any foreigner . 
   north africa = / = arabs true , but all the north african countries speak arabic and are part of the arab league . 
   . and a lot of french cops / military are arabs . 
  so what ? 
  should we now forget that the islamist terrorists are n't arab ? 
  should we now forget that it is essential to know what their ethnicities are , so that we can find out why these specific ethnicities are again and again responsible for anti-french terror ? 
  france is slowly dying of its arab immigrants who do not hesitate to use terror attacks to establish their own north africa in france . 
  i think it is time to establish civilian-made security groups that will counter these terrorists . 
  there is no way that the people of france will be protected by the established security forces as long as they are being checked by hippies who think using force against terrorists should not be allowed . 
   so you do n't have any statistics ... ok . 
  there are no statistics at all on that subject . 
  the middle east is n't the west where objective statistics are being utilized by private companies . 
  in the middle east , governments will try to manipulate those companies and if they will not bow down , they will be forced to . 
   and yes that was 20-30 years ago . 
  does the turkish state call kurds mountain turks now ? 
  it was n't because they humbled , it was because the pkk forced them to . 
  turkey was doing every horrible thing in the world to kurds before the pkk came arise , but once the pkk showed its force , turkey started acknowledging kurdish presence and the legitimate right of kurds to be recognized . 
  what statistics ? 
  those kind of statistics are n't collected , and the statistics that the turkish government collects are manipulated and propaganda . 
  for example , turkish government used to call kurds '' mountain turks '' . 
  these terms were executed in government papers . 
  you mean not even 10 kills last years ? 
  in comparison with the 50 turkish diplomats isis kidnapped , and the 30 + killings in suruc ? 
  also , why do you not mention the killing of kurdish civilians by the turkish army ? 
  is that not relevant ? 
  in 2011 turkey killed 34 kurdish civilians in the roboski massacre , even after usa informed them that they were n't pkk members . 
  lol , where do you got this bullshit from ? 
  the majority of kurds do support the pkk . 
  and also , the hdp has the majority of kurdish votes . 
  the only kurds who vote for akp are either conservatives or had their hope on akp 's peace process that vanished after akp broke the truce . 
  not everyone has it , but the overwhelming majority of turks do . 
  i know a girl who was called a '' whore '' and '' liar '' because she was wearing a dress at night . 
  that happened in antalya . 
  i think the difference lays in the fact that greek people are western too , while turkish people are mostly conservative . 
  for example , if you go out in greece , you can easily meet some greek girls that you can hook up with . 
  in turkey turkish girls are very hard to reach and there 's still a shame-culture . 
  usa bombings only on kurdish areas ? 
  you must have forgotten the arab cities of ramadi , fallujah , baghdad ( apache helicopters ) and many more . 
  http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/coalition-warplanes-iaf-bomb-isis-sites-ramadi/ many captured isis terrorists confirm the same : turket has logistically supported isis http://europe.newsweek.com/isis-and-turkey-cooperate-destroy-kurds-former-isis-member-reveals-turkish-282920 remember when north of syria was for 90 % controlled by isis terrorists ? 
  here a nice reminder what happened during that time , turkish soldiers seen communicating with the armed jihadies . 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jjn7zpzym1c israel is unconcerned by isis because isis and israel barely border eachother . 
  israel has already promised to attack if isis came close to jordan . 
  turkey on the other hand , bareley does anything even though isis terrorists captured multiple turkish hostages ( suprisingly , turkish hostages were the only one who were set free . 
  other ethnicities were quickly beheaded ) . 
  how come that turkey started putting a bufferzone on the kobane border 1 week before isis started attacking kobane city ? 
  if they do not share intelligence , how did turkey know ? 
  it surely isnt a coincidence considering that turkey started even putting tanks at kobane . 
  no man , you do n't have to give any reperations . 
  it 's already 100 years ago . 
  i can tell you that there are already thousands of turkish kurds on the flee because turkish forces destroyed kurdish districts and towns in southeastern anatolia . 
  europe will see a new refugee wave in 2016 , but this time not arabs and pakistanis but turkish kurds fleeing the erdogan regime . 
  that 's a reaction , not the action . 
  ydg-h started fighting tsk , tsk responded by raizing kurdish cities to the ground and burning kurdish civilians alive , and then pkk and tak responded by taking the fight to western turkey . 
  simple as that . 
  so you want pkk to fight other kurdish organizations so that turkey can come conquer all of them ? 
  can you show me one minority in europe whose whole cities get razed to the ground like sur , nusaybin and cizre got by turkish forces ? 
   some hates russians . 
  guess there is no need to explain that considering our history and general public picture of them . 
  im not russian , and this might be off topic but i find this extremely unfortunate considering that both russians and czech people are slavs and you all come from the same slavic , indo-european tree . 
  it 's funny how you constantly try to critize pkk without ever mentioning how turkey has been killing kurdish civilians .
