  even ataturk was a dictator who didnt allow anyone to rule except himself . 
  and the reason the kurds wanted the caliphate back , was because the turkey started a forced assimilatio campaignn , saying that kurdish culture and language have no place in turkey , campaign and killed more than 13 000 kurds in dersim alone :  ** according to an official report of the fourth general ispectorate , 13,160 civilians were killed by the turkish army ** and 11,818 people were taken into exile , depopulating the province . 
  [ 6 ] according to the dersimi , many tribesmen were shot dead after surrendering , and women and children were locked into haysheds which were then set on fire . 
  [ 43 ] according to mcdowall , 40,000 people were killed . 
  [ 1 ] according to kurdish diaspora sources , over 70,000 people were killed . 
  [ 44 ] also , the ottoman empire was not a ` turkish empire ' like you try to suggest , it was a real islamic empire . 
  it ruled from the '' millet system '' , which didnt classify people on ethnical based but on religious ( muslim , christian , etc ) . 
  ottoman sultans called themself '' muslim '' , and associated '' turkish '' with poor turkmen tribes . 
  the so called '' peaceful turkey '' has been killing more than 30 civilians in the last week , but no european country lifts a finger . 
  http://anfenglish.com/kurdistan/sariyildiz-cizre-heavily-wounded-but-holds-head-high people call pkk ` terrorist ' , but they dont understand that kurdish people have nobody else to defend them . 
  they dont even have 1 rocket that they self make , poor kurdish children get killed by terrorist state turkey and people blame pkk ? 
  read hrw reports on how millions of kurds have been displaced by turkey and how thousands of women have been raped and slaughtered . 
   eh , there is no turkish imperialism on kurdish populated lands and this situation was not a consequence of turkish imperialism - it has it 's historical context , etc. 
  and sorry but , what it has to do with what turkish state is doing or had done ? 
  forcing your language on a people who speak an indo-european language , while banning their language and telling them they are ` mountain turks ' is not imperialism ? 
  then what is ? 
   they have a dream to became a second israel in the area - and us backed enclave for us interests . 
  and they have a dream to stay in turkey with masses even they got independence in turkish kurdistan , and they have a wish - and they actually had done it for years - to rule the iraq alongside with shias for the sake of us collaboration and milk iraq as much as they can during the process . 
  keep your conspiracies out of here . 
  if any country is like israel , it 's turkey . 
   not just turkish kurdistan , but also in iraqi and syrian kurdistan . 
  why , because of the economical issues . 
  it 's not a secret - go and check kurdistan maps and check the borders of the traditional kurdistan and the kurdish populated areas that they 're the majority . 
  most kurds only claim kurdish majority cities and cities that have been historically kurdish like kirkuk , nothing more . 
   maps of kurdistan include these places and these are not even all of non-kurdish cities that are claimed . 
  merhdad izady , a famous kurdish `` historian '' also claims that tebriz ( an overwhelmingly azeri city ) , cappadochia and even ankara are kurdish . 
  in fact , he claims that iraq all the way to the persian gulf is kurdish . 
  map of kurdistan ? 
  so you 're saying kurds united all together and made 1 map that was unanimously accepted ? 
  you clearly are a racist and very biased , because you conclude things on extremists and not on what the majority of kurds agree is a part of kurdistan . 
  also , tebriz is n't a kurdish city , i think you confuse that with adiabene which was a kurdish city until ismail i ( ironically a kurd too ) expelled all the kurds and settled turkic tribes there because kurds choose the ottoman side ( the dumbest decision kurds ever made ) . 
   you also need to stop with the `` teh imperialist terks '' nonsense . 
  turks are responsible for the end of the byzantines and ottomans making them the only nation in the me that is literally anti-imperialist . 
  you do n't know what imperialist is if you think turkey is n't . 
  as a matter of facts , many turks support imperialism and even support conquering mosul and kurdish city kirkuk too . 
  most turks today would lop off the southeast if it meant an end to pkk terrorism but the pkk has openly stated that it will still operate in turkey even if there was a kurdish state . 
  it does n't matter what most turks want because what turkish politicians would never accept the liberation of kurds because of 1 ) imperialist thoughts and 2 ) greed . 
  and believe me , most kurds would never even look at turkey again if turks just left the southeast alone . 
  i 've never seen any kurd claiming most of those places . 
  i think you confuse mersin with mardin , which is a kurdish city . 
  also , you can have gaziantep . 
  the level of islamism there is too damn high . 
  anyways , the discussion of turkish kurdistan is unneccasary because turkish imperialists will never allow kurds to be free . 
   i 'm not sure if they are ; they 're more like , let 's have an independent country that even includes places without the kurdish majority , so you 're saying kurds do want what imperialist turks want ? 
  since turks want to real over kurdish areas with not even 10 % turkish population . 
   e a second israel for the u.s. and after that also stay in the wealthy cities of turkey and until the independent kurdistan in iraq , let 's rule iraq and collaborate with u.s. against all anti-invasion iraqis and benefit from the iraq itself . 
  this is not proper english . 
  i ca n't understand what you are saying . 
   but i 'm not sure what they will want if they see that all of these are not seem to be happen for them at the same time and they should choose between these options , and most probably they wo n't be able to include some places to their new country . 
  can you name me a place kurds want to include in turkish kurdistan that isnt a kurdish majority city ? 
  kurdish children of 3-15 year old get shot by turkish snipers . 
  it 's sad that this conflict is so put in a dark by the european community , terrorist state turkey kills civilians on a daily basis but nobody lifts a finger . 
  keep dreaming please . 
  majority of kurds want independence , and you know that too . 
  but the problem is turks wo n't give the kurds that , no matter what . 
  oh and you were to only people , right ? 
  ethnic russians were n't dying right ? 
  soviet union was bad to everyone , that 's why it dissolved . 
  blaming contemporary russians for soviet cruelty is like blaming germans for nazi cruelty . 
  baltics need to get out of the nato imperialism . 
  i 'm not a russian , i 'm from france . 
  who is ` us ' ? 
  nato isnt a country , it 's an imperialist pact . 
  of course russia will be angry when americans and germans use baltics as puppets . 
  germany and usa can build their missile defense systems in their own country , but shouldnt be allowed to build in in anothers country . 
  i feel sad for baltic puppets because they are slaves of germany , uk and america . 
  at the end of the day , baltic people will suffer and the uk imperialists will just enjoy the day . 
  so now russia cant even decide to build their own military bases where they want ? 
  eu fascists are a joke . 
   you 're an absolute idiot !, 
  egypt , lebanon , turkey , jordan , even the godforsaken hell hole that is iraq has taken refugees in . 
  we are talking about rich arab states , aka the gulf . 
  also lebanon and turkey are n't arab countries , lebanon is ~ 50 % maronite and turkey speaks for itself . 
   saudi arabia is set to take in ~ 500,000 . 
  but good job on the sub-6000 refugees france , doing the eu proud . 
  they will never have full citizenship and are n't even called refugees , they are restricted in a lot of things they do . 
  also it should be logical to see arab states saving arab people , but it sure is n't since arab countries are paving the way for arabs to come to europe . 
  why should saudi arabia and qatar shelter refugees , if the dumb europeans do it voluntarily . 
  because rich arab states are smart . 
  they see the dumb , emotional europeans wasting billions on arab immigrants , so why should they ? 
  why should they import emotionally unstable , war-torn people , if european hippies can do it ? 
  sooner or later europe will become arab , trust me . 
  can confirm . 
  americans kill blacks on a day to day basis . 
  i even saw american drink the blood of black people / s, 
  problem is that usa is a made-up state and imperialist . 
  it has no real culture other than slaying others and then starting an own country . 
  the people cant be legitimately wary because americans are just reletivaly new . 
  europe on the other hand , has got more than 3000 years of culture and the people are aware of that . 
  and this comes from someone who actually loves america, 
   it 's always been like this . 
  the fewer immigrants and refugees , the less familiar they are , the more rejection and violence . 
  it 's xenophobia after all , the fear of the unknown . 
  yeah , its all xenophobia !, 
  we dont see french muslims calling jihad against france , its all xenophobia guys , nothing wrong with it !, 
   man i hope if you ever take a boat it will sink , and you will be rescued by the italian coast guard . 
  i for one do n't want anyone dead , even if it 's their own fault , if they can be saved . 
  if i have to choose i 'd rather have migrants in my street than dead kids in the sea . 
  then dont complain when they drown your economy and let you jobless . 
  dont complain that you have to sell your house because the taxes are too high .
