  if you want those immigrants , go get them . 
   we can `` deal '' with the migrant problem in other ways than not rescuing people : deport migrants or send the rescue boats back to italy , all not my first choice but whatever . 
  however , you ca n't bring the dead back . 
  job risk is a job risk . 
  i never hear you talking about helping the mine workers of europe who are being killed . 
  the operation is under italian control and italy guarantees its coast to the organizations . 
  would these organizations be able to perfom these '' rescue '' operations if iitaly blocked it ? 
  they would never be able to come to italy 's coast . 
  but they do , because italy loves the refugees . 
  there is a reason why these organizations operate from out of italy and not out of france . 
  it is italy the country that '' saves '' these economic migrants from kms far from the coast . 
  it is italy who doesnt deport them back to north africa but instead shelters them in their country . 
  it is italy who decides that these people are beneficial in destroying in italian culture . 
  dont blame france for something you guys do yourselves . 
  the reason they come is n't important when you guys are the ones who let them stay . 
  if italian politicans had any dignity , they would send the economic migrants back to north africa but they dont . 
  calais is our revenge for britain 's anti-napoleonism  all jokes aside , we are n't well , you are right . 
  but we are n't doing it like the italians either . 
  the italians are faster in '' rescueing '' refugees than rescueing indigenous italians . 
  they will not . 
  the people will understand italy 's stance . 
  the problem is that italy is afraid for negative publicity , they should n't . 
  this example is a bit extreme but is syria 's assad would give a shit about international condemnation then syria would now all be jihadist controlled . 
  but he didnt and put resistance . 
  all i 'm trying to say is that national situation is way more important than international status . 
  the sjws and white knights will not pay for the italian people 's pensions when italy goes bankrupt , italians have to . 
  italy has to resist sjws and white knights . 
  they are the descendants of the strongest empire in the world , the romans , you would expect some roman intelligence in italy 's mind.n it 's time for italy to bring back the roman heritage and show the world where italy stands . 
  build up your country for god 's sake and fight corruption , instead of spending all your money ( fugartively ) on economic migrants km 's far from your coast . 
  they do want to come , ukranians and serbs will kiss our feet if we offered them . 
  the problem is that european union imperialist leaders would rather have arabs and africans imported because they can destroy european culture and create 1 mono culture so that the eu imperialist leaders can consolidate their powers . 
  the imperialist leaders dont understand that their ideas are idiotic and that these so called refugees , whose majority is actually economic migrants , will not abide by their rules and will eventually overthrow them to install their own culture and regimes . 
  i used to love italy very much and have a lot of respect for italian people but i got to say ** its your own fault italy and you have to pay for it ** . 
  italy is playing captain sweden by '' saving '' people who are kms far from the coast and importing them to italy . 
  if you are that kind of a white knight , then keep them in your country too and let them burden your economy . 
  it 's sad that a country with so much material and immaterial wealth is n't even able to provide for its own people but is always there when refugees come in . 
  more immigrants ? 
  i agree . 
  let the , with genocide threatened , white africans come who are suffering atrocities by black africans . 
  let argentinians come who have relatively high european heritage , let canadians , americans , australians come . 
  or let serbs and ukranians come , absolutely no problem . 
  but we do n't need a syrian or saudi arabians . 
  i 'm going to make between 8-10 children , dont worry bro, 
   so are americans , australians , many south americans etc. 
  are americans , australians and south americans day by day killed because they are white ? 
  are they not allowed to work because they are white ? 
  you got to be kidding me . 
  white africans are being tortured . 
   world but i generally do n't frequent subs centred around those places neither do i frequent subs with a more worldly focus on news like / r/worldnews because they 're mostly shit . 
  i 'm subbed to / r/orania but more out of curiosity & the endearing language . 
  and yes the situation there is far from ideal but i think you 're exaggerating the circumstances a bit a lot . 
  a lot ? 
  the zimbabwe leader said years ago that zimbabwe had no place for white people , i guess if europeans said that at arabs you would now be putting on your hippy clothes and were going to demonstrate against '' european colonization '' . 
   are you from a / pol / board or something ? 
  regardless the discussion revolving this is mostly about immigration ( too much for this sub imo but hey ) whilst immigration from south africa & the like is fairly minimal even in the netherlands/flanders . 
  bottom line is i never hear you complain about the horrible condition of white africans , why not ? 
  are n't they human ? 
  they are one of ours . 
  i 'm not a '' kurd in france '' . 
  my mom has kurdish hertiage but my dad is french , also i am born in france and posess a french passport . 
  i do n't want to say that only white french people are '' real french '' but im white too so i dont know how you describe me as a '' kurd in france '' as i am not . 
  ** but let the real subject come in , dont switch it to me . 
  ** why have i never heard you say anything about white africans who are sluaghtered , raped and abused day by day ? 
  why dont you ever support their immigration to europe ? 
  they are originally europeans . 
  we need to help them , but i guess helping your own kind is not that important since you can let your wife be fucked by a black african while filming it and '' enjoying the cukcold lifestyle '' , do you ? 
  it 's a shame how europeans do n't care about white africans while licking the butthhole of every arab they encounter . 
  i 'm against certain types of immigration , particularly from the middle east so kurdish immigration too , because we do n't need more middle eastern conservativeness in europe . 
  if we should accept refugees , it should be the white africans who have suffered genocides by black zimbabwes/south africans etc. 
  they are in need , much more than the average syrian arab . 
  do you for example know that 50 + % of syria is untouched and damascus is safer than istanbull 's ghettos ? 
  somebody tried to critize russia , i showed them that we are in a much worse position than russia 's policy . 
  our people will be gone , russians do n't . 
  if the great emporer had lived , all of europe would now be called francais , 
  beautiful . 
  the relation between iran and the west ( including israel ) needs to be better . 
  dont forget that iran is an ind-european country and the people of iran are one of the most educated in the region . 
  you mean like this ? 
  well fine , but do n't come cry when the pkk heroes put resistance to turkish imperialism . 
  traitors to who ? 
  do you know who is a real traitor ? 
  ataturk , the genocidal murderer who promised a country for both turks and kurds but lateron destroyed kurdish culture . 
  turkey is funded by a racist , xenophobic man , and you call the oppressed people ` traitors ' ? 
  you ca n't read last year ? 
  like i said , the '' you are a racist and literally worst than hitler !!! '', 
  has become old . 
  the people said that 5 years ago to realists , and what happened ? 
  islamic terrorism has become worse . 
  accusing the people who look at problems of racism , has become old . 
  it has solved nothing . 
  instead of looking at the problem , you are looking at the people who want to solve the problem . 
  and you are ignoring the terrorists . 
  you are referring to me , instead of the real problem . 
  do you know where these terrorists get their knowledge from ? 
  do you know where they get their inspiration from ? 
  i bet you wo n't , because you believe in hippy-ism , as how i call it . 
  what the people of france need , is action . 
  we need action . 
  we need a force that handles terrorism and counters them . 
  just like the heroic french people countered tyrants during the french revolution .
