  and then i looked into your post history and in another post you said '' we '' as in '' we americans '' . 
  stop being so funny , i have exposed you for a long time . 
  i can literally recognize it when you create a new account . 
  i just have to look at the anti kurdish nonsense and then i almost certainly know its you . 
  even if most arabs dislike kurds ( which i doubt but lets say its true ) , they still wouldnt to the degree that you do . 
  your bias against kurds is on the level of turks . 
  in one topic you are arab , in another israeli , in aother american . 
  bro you have an identity crisis i feel sorry for you pmu_159, 
   all parties are secular in turkey . 
  does this sounds like the leader of a secular party to you ? 
   ** `` we have only one concern . 
  it is islam , islam and islam , '' erdogan ** told a thinktank at the indonesian capital of jakarta , where he is on a three-day state visit . 
  [ 1 ] ( http://english.alarabiya.net/en/news/middle-east/2015/07/31/-our-only-concern-is-islam-erdogan-slams-claims-of-turkey-isis-link.html )  does n't matter turkish , kurdish or what . 
  advocating sharia law is against our constitution . 
  it is n't about asking for sharia law publically , it is about what actions a party does . 
  his party is promoting religious schools , [ gives more money to the sunni-orientated dianet ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=diyanet+erdogan&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=euspvobpo4bdpbstjzae# ) , and funds jihadists in syria . 
   also kurds are much more religious than turks one of the ways to measure secularism is by looking at the choice of political parties . 
  i layed out that 2/3 of the 3 biggest turkish parties are islam-orientated while it 's zero in kurdish case . 
   kurds also have some crazy traditions turks do n't have : t\u00f6re killing ( honor killing ) , what ? 
  turks also have honor killing , many cases here [ one example where a homosexual was killed in the name of honor by turks ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/was-ahmet-yildiz-the-victim-of-turkeys-first-gay-honour-killing-871822.html ) although i agree relatively there are more honour killings in the kurdish community ( but it is still prevalent in turkish society too ) . 
   blood fraud , female circumcision etc. . . turks have other problems like racism , committing war crimes [ and harrassing women ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/02/150216101649506.html ) . 
  every ethnicity has got its own problems . 
  kurds tend to integrate better than other groups , you ca n't generalize middle easterners like that . 
  arabs for example do n't like democracy and are generally islamist in contrast to kurds . 
  besides that kurdish is an indoeuropean language which means that naturally it 's easier to learn an european language than arabs ( who speak semitic ) . 
   i do n't mean to generalise so black and white between ethnic turks and kurds but i 'm not going to write extra to clarify this when most people can see what i mean . 
  tell me why did you not include the 50 million turks in your post and only 20 million kurds ? 
  your post was clearly a racist , anti-kurdish statement . 
  for your ignorance : kurds are not like arabs , do n't worry . 
  kurdish political parties are almost all secular and emphasize religious freedom . 
  ther are even kurdish christians , yezidis and zoroastrians who can live freely in kurdish areas . 
  dont worry , kurds are not saudi government . 
   i 'm just saying in my post that i can imagine kurds as a particular source of immigrants due to the situation there . 
  no thats not what you said . 
  you clearly were implying that kurds should be noted while leaving turks out . 
  your post was meant to deligitamize kurds . 
   it 's like me saying that i would expect more poles are willing to come to work on farms in uk for sub minimum wage than germans . 
  poles and germans dont live in the same country with same passport . 
  you know your comparison is bullshit . 
  and even if your comparison was right , you never compared it like that . 
  you only had to state that kurds were coming , as if every kurd is coming . 
  it 's like me saying that i would expect more poles are willing to come to work on farms in uk for sub minimum wage than germans . 
   it 's not racist , i never said one group is better than the other . 
  yes you did , dont back out from your racism . 
  there are , in total , way more poor turks than poor kurds ( there are 50 million turks so its only logical ) but you had to point out that kurds are coming . 
  that means your bias against kurds is exposed . 
   i think we ought to be getting a grip on the amount of people coming into the eu and this deal with turkey will do the opposite . 
  then why didnt you say it like that ? 
  why pointing out that 20 million kurds were coming if it is not for your bias against kurds ? 
  well technically , kurdish political parties are politically way more progressive than turkish political parties . 
  the main kurdish political parties : hdp - a leftist , secular party which emphasizes on minority rights and women rights pkk - an armed , leftist secular party which emphasizes on kurdish rights and women rights kdp - a nationalist , conservative but secular party which emphasizes on kurdish nationalism and religious freedom . 
  [ kurdish pm visits christian churches and vows to protect them . ] ( http://www.aina.org/news/20151226194839.htm ) . 
  puk - a nationalist party which emphasizes on kurdish nationalism and maintains ties with almost every sect in iraq pyd - very similar to pkk , except that they are syrian kurds ----- now main turkish parties akp - conservative , islamist party with a leader who says [ that muslims discovered america ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/16/muslims-discovered-america-erdogan-christopher-columbus ) . 
  besides that , akp has been supporting jihadists in syria . 
  al-qaeda aligned [ ahrar ash sham makes it no secret that they are being supported by akp ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/16/muslims-discovered-america-erdogan-christopher-columbus ) . 
  chp - a leftist , secular party who only gets 25 % of the turkish votes . 
  mhp - an islam-oriented , ultranationalist party with a racist leader who says [ there is no difference between asians because all their eyes are slanted ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/koreans-and-chinese-both-have-slanted-eyes-turkeys-nationalist-leader-says-over-attacks-on-tourists.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=85134&amp;newscatid=338 ) . 
  they are the mother organization of armed group grey wolves as you can see , only 1 part out of the 3 biggest turkish parties ( mhp/chp/akp ) is secular and only has 25 % of the turkish votes . 
  in comparison with the 3 biggest kurdish parties ( pkk , kdp , puk ) who are all secular . 
  this doesnt mean that there are no kurdish islamist parties , but they are almost insignificant in comparison with turkish islamist parties who form the majority . 
  adding mhp+akp together , you 'll get an overwhelming majority of turkish votes for islamist parties . 
  in contrast with kurdish voters ; there is no islamist kurdish party who is even significant on national level . 
  the overwhelming majority of kurds vote for secular parties . 
   why do you think it 's racist ? 
  are you projecting your own feelings into this ? 
  i lived in wedding in berlin and knew a lot of kurdish/turkish germans . 
  they used to love me . 
  so because you know some kurdish germans , all of the sudden you know everything about kurds ? 
  do you know that most turks and kurds in germany from turkey , are from the most conservative parts of the region ? 
  they are n't the istanbulites , they are from rural areas . 
  there are 3 million turks in germany and 800k kurds . 
  by your racist theory , that could never happen because only kurds are poor and want to come to europe while the mighty , rich turks prefer to stay in turkey . 
  tell me , if your racist theory is true , then how come there are so many turks in europe in comparison with kurds ? 
  isnt it logical if there were more kurds since they are all poor and brown ? 
   the simple fact is that these people have got far more to gain from coming to europe and working as a modern day slave under the radar , and personally i like people to be beneath the law and not above it . 
  turkish turks would generally be more wealthy and established in turkey and have little to gain from coming here to live in the shadows . 
  like i said : you had to point out 20 million kurds but never mentioned the word '' turks '' . 
  you never mentioned the poor turks , only the 20 million kurds , implying that kurds are backwards and not allowed in europe while you have no problem with turks coming . 
   giving visa free travel to these people in the kurdish regions of turkey is pretty similar to giving visa free travel to the whole of syria shortly before the civil war there . 
  there are 4 million kurds in istanbul , you by pointing out the 20 milion kurds you generalize all of them . 
  the poor , the rich , the conservative , the secular . 
  the fact that you have to point out an ethnicity rather than class ( there are poor turks too but i guess you don tbelieve that as they are supposdly non existent in your head while the evil kurds come here to destroy the might european civilizattion ) . 
  by the way , i feel sorry for your ignorance so i 'm going to point it out for you one time : only western-turkey is comparable with poor european countries , the rest of turkey ( aka overwhelming majority ) is rural . 
  central anatolian turks are as brown ( and thus evil in your eyes ) as the 20 million kurdish people who supposedly come to invade your country and destroy your civilization . 
  i 'm suprised at this racist comment , but more suprised about the fact that it got so many upvotes . 
  so giving visa free travel to 20 million kurds is supposedly something bad , but giving visa free travel to 50 million turks is supposedly not bad ? 
  turkey threatened the krg with war in 2006-2008 over the kurdish city kirkuk , but us sent a special delegation to inform turkey that they would n't allow any turkish attack on the peshmerga . 
  i have discussed this too many times but you can find articles at wikileaks . 
   i do have to say i am surprised that turkey is helping kurds , i taught they were against any kurdish entity . 
  they are , they were against iraqi kurdistan too but america forced them to start relationships . 
  also important to note : if the russian jet was in syrian airspace when it was shot down , and the airspace violation only lasted 10-20 seconds , it means that russia was already in syrian airspace when turkey also ** fired the attacks ** . 
  so turkey already had found out that russia was not in turkish airspace anymore but still shot it down . 
  russian newspapers are a joke , just like turkish newspapers . 
  and on / r/turkey , people there post misinformation all the time but i never hear the hypocrites talk about that . 
  pkk flag is actually allowed http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2789426/thousands-kurds-britain-europe-protest-against-isis-attack-kobane-turkey-stubbornly-refuses-help-besieged-town.html, 
  thanks soviet union for destroying afghanistan and creating one of the worst countries in the world . 
  he didnt kill civilians , no only ordered the murder of thousands of kurdish civilians :  after several incidents , culminating on the nights of 20/21 and 26/27 march 1937 , tribal attacks against the new infrastructure in pah and a police station in sin in eastern central dersim , the military campaign was launched . 
  with 8,623 men , artillery and an air force in early may , it was largely superior in numbers and materiel to the forces of the insurgents . 
  on 4 may 1937 , the council of ministers , including atat\u00fcrk and fevzi \u00c7akmak , the chief of general staff , decided secretly on a forceful attack against western-central dersim , to kill all who used or had used arms and to remove the population settled between nazimiye and sin . 
  the same day , planes dropped pamphlets saying that in the case of surrender , `` no harm at all would be done to you , dear compatriots .
