  of course it does n't , but it is n't one sided . 
  turkey has also been killing a lot of kurdish civiliansr . 
  it 's a two sided story . 
  acting as if pkk is only violent and turkey has been only '' defending people '' is not true . 
  there 's even an islamist paramilitary group inside turkish security forces called '' asadullah '' which spreads nationalistic , islamist terror in kurdish neighbourhoods :  quoting a senior mit officer in his paper , the turkish expert shed light on the master plan is scaring away , killing and plundering opponents . 
  `` every rebellion is wild until they see no wilder rebellion . 
  the opponent must believe you have more power and if they see you shed more blood they will retreat '' , he wrote . 
  https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/turkish-writer-exposes-asadullah-anti-kurd-death-squad/ | al-masdar news, 
  show me 1 quote liar . 
  let 's play it like you do : i love how everyone was saying albanians/kosovars are progressive angels and the only good people in the serbian-albanian conflict etc etc and all this time they have been engaging in criminal activities in europe . 
  criminality , no matter the goal , is always going to discredit whatever you 're trying to achieve . 
  at the same time i 'm wondering why the european security agencies are n't doing a better job in stopping these criminal activities commited by albanians/kosovars so how do you feel now , now that i have switched the tables ? 
  albanians/kosovars are known for organized crimes in europe , are you now all criminals ? 
  i dont think so . 
  so why do you use the words kurds then ? 
  you are part of the problem . 
  you condone violence against kurds . 
  people like you are the reason why some kurds feel angry towards turkey . 
  literally your comment :  i hope the curfews in se turkey never end . 
  the recent terrorist attacks against the civilians are a sign that pkk is really desperate and crippling . 
  after the cleaning is finished , a huge wall needs to be build there , seriously . 
  we need to use israel 's tactics . 
  collective punishment should also be applied ( in the sense that the parents of the terrorists get their houses demolished and get a huge fine and maybe even a prison sentence , so they will think twice before joining a terrorist organization ) . 
  blood is the only language pkk speaks , let them taste it . 
  you are neither the most progressive guy out there . 
  you call for a permanent curfew on kurdish cities , that have destroyed kurdish cities literally . 
  your comment so that you do n't delete it : * i hope the curfews in se turkey never end . 
  the recent terrorist attacks against the civilians are a sign that pkk is really desperate and crippling . 
  after the cleaning is finished , a huge wall needs to be build there , seriously . 
  we need to use israel 's tactics . 
  collective punishment should also be applied ( in the sense that the parents of the terrorists get their houses demolished and get a huge fine and maybe even a prison sentence , so they will think twice before joining a terrorist organization ) . 
  blood is the only language pkk speaks , let them taste it . 
  * https://np.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/4acgn8/one_of_ankara_bombers_was_female_pkk_member_who/d0z7t4e, 
  no they do n't , but albanians/kosovars steal on a large scale and are known for criminal activities in europe . 
  so it is now okay to say '' i love it how albanians are criminals ? '', 
  am i not doing the same ? 
  erdogan 's endgoal is the destruction of everything secular and non-islamist . 
  haha no they have n't . 
  hamas literally says that only a one state solution is possible and that '' the jews from europe will be sent back '' . 
  only jews who were there pre-israel can stay in hamas ' view . 
  you can sell people a lot but not that hamas is looking for peace in any ways . 
  even during the gaza-israel war of 2014 when negotiations took place , hamas already decided to destroy the negotations prior to the negotiations by making stupid demands like '' israel needs to allow us to run an airport/sea port '' . 
  no not really . 
  if there has been one anti-is force in the world it 's ypg . 
  turkey has been shelling ypg positions many times for months now without ypg firing a bullet back :  turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu has confirmed that the turkish military has attacked kurdish fighters in northern syria . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34645462 the fanaticals who said this are just , fanatics . 
  this is n't ypg policy . 
  ypg 's official and practical policy is to not engage militarily with turkey . 
  on the other hand , turkey attacked ypg in jarabulus at the same time when ypg attacked is in jarabulus , causing ypg to retreat . 
  so turkey actively defended isis . 
  read this article :  the ypg are seeking control over jarabulus , an isis-held border town just west of the euphrates , though interestingly the cross-border gunfire incidents happened nowhere near jarabulus -- rather they were well further east at tel abyad , in the raqqa province . 
   turkey has made jarabulus a red line several times in the past , but has also objected to the ypg moving into the isis dominated raqqa province and carving up isis territory . 
   the pkk still attacks the turkish military . 
  i agree that pkk and turkey are engaging in war right now . 
  but it isnt about pkk . 
  we were talking about the ypg , not about the pkk . 
  please do n't make this a pkk discussion . 
  ypg 's leadership is not run by cemil biyak or murat karayilan . 
  redur xelil is one of the leaders of ypg . 
   yes because if they do they will get their ass handed to them . 
  so you do agree with me that ypg is n't going to attack turkey and that these people calling for it are just fanaticals ? 
  okay that 's nice . 
   yeah right , and you think the ypg itself does n't like this ? 
  so because foreign ypg fighters say this it is ok . no . 
  it is not . 
  turkey is right by putting pressure on the ypg , this is just proof for it . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  of course ypg does n't think about attacking turkey . 
  how do you know that ypg commanders are thinking like him ? 
  have you spoken to them ? 
   a post from / r/armenia , linked to / r/kurdistan to a tweet ( yes a tweet ) from a banned account . 
  great proof m8 . 
  here is a proof from al monitor , a numerously ranked newspaper :  when the kurdish-majority southern town of cizre was under curfew in september , the police taunted over loud speakers : `` armenians are proud of you . 
  you are all armenians . '' http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2015/10/turkey-armenian-kurds-minorities-forced-to-be-turkish.html# but just like not the whole turkish police is responsible for the call for ethnic cleansing against kurds , ypg is n't sharing the same policy as some of its fanaticals . 
  and if someone is the agressive one , like i showed you , it 's turkey who has been attacking ypg many times . 
  ypg hasnt done anything back . 
  like i said we ca n't take the words of a few people as policy of a group . 
  ypg 's policy is to not engage with turkey militarily . 
  turkey has attacked ypg many times , here is turkish leader davutoglu :  turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu has confirmed that the turkish military has attacked kurdish fighters in northern syria . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34645462 ypg on the other hand has not fired a single bullet back . 
  the ones who are calling for this , are mostlikely fanatical westerners ( like the article claims ) and they are not the top commanders in the ypg . 
  like i told you , [ turkish police is driving around in nusaybin and screaming that kurds should be killed ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/armenia/comments/3umi48/turkish_police_driving_around_kurdish_town/ ) , is that now a policy of turkish police ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's the same for this video . 
  there are fanatics on both sides ( western ypg fighters calling for attack on turkey and turkish police calling for ethnic cleansing of kurds ) . 
  we should rather listen to the top commanders and their actions . 
  ypg has n't attacked turkey even though turkey has been shelling ypg areas many times . 
  first of all , where is the video ? 
  i searched for the video but i could n't find it . 
  this is what the article says :  westerners fighting alongside kurdish militants have urged other foreigners sympathetic to their struggle to carry out attacks against turkey so even if the article is right , individuals have called for it , not the leadership . 
  you ca n't take the whole organization responsible for what 1 or 2 people say ( if there is evidence at all that they say it ) . 
  for example , [ turkish police has ride through nusaybin , a kurdish town , and shouting : '' these kurds are armenians , do n't give them water ! ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/armenia/comments/3umi48/turkish_police_driving_around_kurdish_town/ ) . 
  but that does n't mean that all turkish police are like that , or that it is the policy of turkish police . 
  another thing : [ turkey has attacked ypg positions for months now ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34645462 ) , sieging tell abyad and other towns . 
  ypg has n't fired a bullet back . 
  so the agressive one here is definitely turkey . 
  turkey is the country that attacks ypg constantly without ypg doing anything back . 
  so if there is someone violent , it 's the turkish side . 
  you know you have an identity crisis . 
  one time you called an american out because he said '' we '' , and you responded that you were not american but arab .
