  but at home , i want my culture , not someone else 's . 
  dude , stop with your racism . 
  arabs got great culture , they have tasty food like falafel ( instead of your regular fries from belgium ) and have beautiful , talented attributes . 
  there 's a lot of things we can learn from arabs . 
   the past few weeks have proved that the migrant crisis is tearing apart europe ten times faster than any precedent crisis . 
  there has been a call already to use article 7 from the lisbon treaty against hungary . 
  it 's because hungary is racist and should accept that middle easterners should be able to come to europe to live freely . 
   and there we have it . 
  it 's a false combat you are leading . 
  this is not about racism or extremism . 
  this is about being at home in your own country . 
  this is about keeping your living standards . 
  why shouldnt we lower our living standards a little bit if we can save millions of people ? 
  we can literally swallow whole iraq and syria and still be okay . 
  for all those problems you can find answers . 
  300 years ago they said that overpopulation would be a problem , and see now . 
  we still manage to live on . 
  again , you dont know what you are talking about . 
  islamism hasnt been around since the rise of wahhabism , islamism ( as in promoting political islam ) started with muhammad 's rise . 
  you 're too ignorant , i feel sorry for you . 
  start reading something . 
   but religious freedom does n't mean violating law , for example violating ones rights because `` religion '' . 
  some laws outweigh others . 
  this is always the case . 
  it 's not a troll attempt , believing in the right for people to live freely everywhere is not trolling . 
   if we 're going to count the actions of individuals as the actions of the entire nation , everyone has a lot to answer for . 
  except that it wasnt an individual action . 
  dutch intelligence knew about the transport . 
   and according to the second argument , western europe should take in exactly no-one , because we already have many immigrants as well . 
  there 's 1 million latinos coming to usa every year . 
  to one country . 
  no they are not . 
  go search for the many wars in latin america . 
  just because they are ( for example ) drug wars doesnt mean they are all economic migrants . 
  latin america is just as safe as the arab world . 
  no , i 've changed drasitcally . 
  i was anti-immigration and pro-helping the people in the region , but after seeing how many people europe has ( 500 million + ) and seeing how low-dense some of our cities are , we should take more . 
   i bet women care . 
  no they dont care . 
  there 's ton of westerm women already with refugees , so they dont care . 
   , i think they can happily do whatever the fuck they want , but they have to accept and obey the laws we have . 
  yeah , accept our laws . 
  one of it is no racism and religious freedom . 
   to say they do n't have to cause it 's their culture is ridiculous . 
  also , if you come to my house you do n't make it less enjoyable for me to live there or else you will be treated cruelly and without mercy . 
  well if your house is full of racist people , you should do something about it . 
  isis and islamic extremism cant be divided from each other . 
  no , i was one of you guys too , until a few days ago seeing a lot of refugees drowning . 
  we should open our arms to the helpless . 
  nazis also stopped reading when they were confronted with their white supremacy . 
  so you 're a racist ? 
   europe is already one of the most densely populated areas on earth , most of the biggest pressing problems for humanity as a a whole right now are a result of overpopulation . 
  europe still has plenty of places left . 
  just see how china pops put cities , there 's cities with 20 million + population china and usa . 
  there can be more in eu too . 
   the distribution of immigrants wo n't be even , not between countries and not inside countries themselves . 
  short term not , but long term , it will . 
   helping them does n't mean they all have to come here why not ? 
  they can be happy and live free here , build mosques , go to prayer , call europe racist and praise erdogan . 
  let them do it . 
  who told us that we can decide what they should think ? 
  as long as they are non-violent , we should accept them . 
  and even if they were violent , we could still set up programs to take those thoughts away . 
  win win . 
   with automatization , the future job market does n't look all that well for ( for all intents and purposes , their diplomas are n't valid here ) uneducated immigrants . 
  contrary , it can create huge chances . 
  automatization can push people into more innovation , creating companies , and more jobs . 
   ok , you 're just faking here to make to pro-immigration people look bad , right ? 
  no , dude . 
  i dont know what you are talking about . 
  no , it 's the reality . 
  look at the low quantity of swedish jihadists ( sweden imports many middle easterners ) in comparison with that of saudi arabia . 
  no , middle easterners cant be racist . 
  there is no ` reverse racism ' . 
  according to many leftists , only whites can be racist . 
  no , dude . 
  stop spreading misinformation . 
  saddam already radicalized many of them with his faith campaign . 
  islamism and extremism have already existed in iraq prior to al qaeda . 
  it 's also worth noting that netherlands sold chemical weapons to saddam . 
  it 's also worth noting that usa already shelters millions of latino immigrants . 
  normal people ? 
  redditors are actually higher in social rank than the ` normal people ' , so saying that redditors suck mean that the normal people suck even more . 
  dont be suprised when you find out that your common european is not that '' enlighted '' and '' broad-minded '' like the media tries to portrait . 
  europeans swallow media bullshit just like the average saudi arabian and north korean . 
  a lot of europeans think that america is majority fat and is racist against blacks and does nothing but think about waging wars to '' steal oil '' . 
  i usually defend americans and debunk their myths , but god damn it has been a hard job lately . 
  this is very alarming , but unfortunately the eu will not do a lot about it . 
  i wish our leaders had some more balls and were n't scared by words like '' racist '' and stuff . 
   mate first have a look at what your own people are doing . 
  you killed 120 soldiers in 2 months . 
  the pkk resistance reacted to turkish violations of the peace process , that 's war for you . 
   s. obviously the people are going to get violent if you kill their brothers . 
  t oh so now you 're justifying the killing of kurds because of pkk ? 
  this only proves more that the pkk should exist otherwise kurds would be exterminated by fascists . 
   he sad thing is that pkk does not give a shit about the kurds and is only power hungry . 
  i bet one third of the soldiers killed had kurdish background . 
  the pkk doesnt give a shit about kurds , thatts why they only operate when kurds are heart . 
  thats why pkk was going all to shingal to help yezidis while turkish terrorists were joining isis . 
   get over nationalism man , all its going to do is cause you harm .
