in fairness though , i have never seen a more universally biased media in the us as it was leading up to the iraq war . 
  i do n't think it was from being pro-bush , just the overwhelming hard on they got at the thought of a major war after so many years . 
  then when it all went to shit , they were quick to backtrack and be overly critical of the war and administration . 
  if rt was anymore blatantly lying they would be owned by rupert murdoch . 
  i missed that part in the graphic , thanks for clarifying . 
  i work in the power industry in the us and am always a bit sensitive to european criticism of our grid due to having very different system constraints . 
  you are right though , the relative long lengths of our overhead lines drives down reliability . 
  i think the big power companies in the us are pretty progressive in their infrastructure investments , but some of the smaller ones are not so much and that hurts our numbers too . 
  relevant : http://spectrum.ieee.org/energywise/energy/the-smarter-grid/germanys-superstable-solarsoaked-grid note : do n't read too much into us vs european countries reliability . 
  the us gets hit with a lot more natural disasters which makes our numbers a bit worse . 
  i was referring to his comment about a level-headed government and people . 
  seems like all the anglo-intellectuals are envious of germany . 
  i think everything you just said applies to the us as well . 
  me too . 
  see you in heaven northern buddy !, 
  the other important difference is that russia is a big country with a ton of natural resources . 
  putin does n't need a world war to conquer more territory like hitler did . 
  he has more than enough people , land , and resources to build a modern empire . 
  i was going to visit russia next summer , but fuck that now . 
  sounds like they are the texas of the eu . 
  actually op loves europe and spent a lot of time there the past few years for work and holiday . 
  i asked a question , not made a statement . 
  also , i see lots of problems with us foreign policy , but we do have plenty of friends in the world ( for example the longest undefended border in the world with our eskimo friends ) . 
  i really do n't understand uk 's relationship with the rest of europe . 
  are you guys cool or not ? 
  the us spends too much on expensive cold war relics like a huge ballistic submarine fleet , large number of aircraft carriers ( we have 11 , i think uk has the next most with 2 ) , and tanks . 
  not saying any of that is not needed , just our quantity of them is excessive in my opinion . 
  the us is also pivoting it 's foreign policy to the far east as well , which is a ticking time bomb at this point . 
  i think us military interest in europe is waning . 
  however , with the exception of the uk and france ( and maybe germany ) the rest of europe seems unprepared to stand on their own from a more aggressive russia . 
  i remember at the beginning of the war it was like 50/50 support vs disapproval , but the war hawks were pretty fierce in stuffing out opposing views . 
  after iraq 's quick capitulation support surged to like 70 % because everybody likes a winner . 
  to be fair , i was among those who changed their mind after hussein was gone , because i too thought it was over by that point . 
  the months and years of insurgent attacks really dragged down public approval . 
  this . 
  i hate the us military industrial complex , but i am starting to see that a good chunk of europe ( really only excluding the uk and france ) are dependent on it for protection . 
  i read about that warship deal the other day . 
  wtf france ? 
  i thought it was bad when the us sold jets to pakistan . 
  i understand that , but i just feel it will be extremely difficult to convince the american , canadian , uk ... public that they must be go to a full scale war with russia over estonia . 
  no offense estonians . 
  are you sure ? 
  i am pretty skeptical about nato 's appetite for conflict with russia . 
  nationalism is a great thing for a dictator . 
  what is the context of this map ? 
  obama and putin agreed to these spheres of influence ? 
  seems like the us/nato got the better deal . 
  what if the eu represented all the eu countries and you add the developing economies of china , india , and brazil ? 
  just a suggestion . 
  i 'm not european and do n't know how much you guys may hate each other . 
  yeah , and to be honest canada needs to go too . 
  love them and all , but they are not a top 8 economy . 
  what 's on your top ten ? 
  california and wyoming having the same number of senators ? 
  dc having more people than wyoming and having 0 senators ? 
  winner take all electoral college ? 
  an election process that is basically 1950 's antiquity ? 
  thanks for sticking up for me , mom  . 
  funny that in the us the far left is considered liberal , eventhough our liberal party looks more like a conservative european party . 
  but then that raises the question of what 's worse putin in charge of russia or russia completely destabilized ? 
  sanctions need to come from the eu . 
  the us does n't do enough business with russia to have an impact . 
  i agree that crimea separating from ukraine is probably fair , but i do n't agree with the russian tactics . 
  self-determination by the people of crimea should be the driving force for their future . 
  i think it 's more about these european countries wo n't try to save ukranian lives if it means any economic discomfort . 
  true , same with the military industrial complex ( for example what we have in the us ) . 
  also , i meant this for the parent of your original post , but i replied to yours by accident . 
  ah well fuck it , it will work itself out . 
  if you want to gauge the effectiveness of an integrated european army , take the confederate states during the american civil war as a case study . 
  they believed in states rights ' at almost the level as the eu countries operate and they could never agree on anything . 
  soldiers in virginia would freeze to death in the winter while governors in states further south stockpiled clothes and accommodations for their own boys . 
  there 's a reason most countries become authoritarian during a war or national crisis , because it is the only way to control the situation . 
  i do n't know , you would think the english would know a thing or two about over staying your welcome in another country . 
   and never pay their traffic fines !, 
  i lived in washington dc for years . 
  do n't get me started on traffic fines . 
  freakin diplomats in washington and new york royally fuck up traffic all the time and rack up huge fines . 
  especially the brits . 
  it 's almost like they do n't which side of the road to drive on . 
  in the near term , europe needs oil more than it needs lng . 
  i do n't have the numbers , but i feel like us and canadian gas production could offset most of russia 's supply to europe . 
  this will obviously result in higher gas prices , which is the fastest to piss of americans even if it would stop a war . 
  thanks for the feedback . 
  agreed language is a potential issue . 
  my only proficiency in foreign languages are spanish and russian . 
  both times i was trying to impress a girl . 
  the good news is now i am trying to impress a german girl , so i may have a chance . 
  he has no desire or chance at getting nominated . 
  wow , that is intense . 
  i wish we had something inbetween the two extremes in the us . 
  very easy for anyone to get a gun . 
  i 've lost friends to gun violence . 
  sorry , as a naive american , where do you live where you ca n't own a gun ? 
  i know a few countries ban them . 
  the us we have the opposite problem . 
  the price of free healthcare , affordable college , and real public transportation ? 
  why are us version 's of food so addictive ? 
  understandable , i had five guys today . 
  good stuff . 
  that british charm makes it impossible to be angry with you guys .
