  high horse , btw ) i responded '' how ? 
  it 's one issue in a minefield of issues . 
  is n't it more idiotic to bring such a decision down to a single issue ? 
  i 'm a remain voter that believes in restricted immigration ... people are n't here to fit in to your black and white view of the world . '', 
  he was n't moaning . 
  he actually asked if there 's a way we can have brexit and free movement . 
  which is actually the closest thing to what 's going to happen . 
  i ask the question is there no way to remain yet restrict benefit immigration . ? 
  as i said , nothing is black and white . 
  we have had a run in here before . 
  and i realise that your idea of a brexiter is a jeremy kyle watching , unemployed , sun reading racist . 
  it 's not all that simple . 
  yes , i did . 
  his reasoning did n't fit your narrative of a brexit voter and you ca n't understand it . 
  it is beyond you . 
  over your head . 
  literally ` lol what ? ' . 
  i judged nothing . 
  i responded to what i saw . 
  you judged him ( or her ) ... ... actually . 
  i made a valid point . 
  u/thunderousorgasm said that . 
  how ? 
  it 's one issue in a minefield of issues . 
  is n't it more idiotic to bring such a decision down to a single issue ? 
  i 'm a remain voter that believes in restricted immigration ... people are n't here to fit in to your black and white view of the world . 
  does n't fit your narrative does it ? 
  i bet your little head just exploded . 
  a fair solution no ? 
  merkel 's the only one that matters . 
  simplified that a bit did n't you . 
  i wish i 'd stocked up on some cream for sore bumholes pre brexit . 
  could have made a killing . 
  3 years old . 
  top post in r/europe . 
  uk still standing . 
  the circle jerk gets desperate . 
  so boris is foreign secretary and gove is nothing . 
  good . 
  slimy backstabber got what he deserved . 
  he gets 24000 a month !!, 
  glad we wo n't be paying for that anymore . 
   depending on what type of trade deal is struck can you read ? 
  or do you just skip to the bits you like ? 
  i said there is no big call for tax cuts . 
  there is n't . 
  you 're shit at this . 
  oh and i 'm working class . 
  silly little millennial boy , showing that he 's a silly little millennial boy . 
  with his silly little millennial boy arguments . 
  '' i disagree , you 're a toff !! '', 
  haha . 
  such a cute little millennial boy . 
  i am very happy with my tax rate . 
  of course a cut is always welcome if they want to do it . 
  failed with that loaded statement did n't you ? 
  now ... ... ... show me . 
  show me . 
  just talking shit does n't make it true . 
  are you from the uk ? 
  have you been ? 
  the guardian . 
  sort yourself out will ya . 
  jesus , are you like , one of the 12 bulgarians that does n't live here ? 
  the fucking guardian indeed . 
  i can find you 100 articles saying the same thing . 
  and none of it 's happened . 
  wake up son . 
  reddit is n't reality . 
  i know you feel right ` cos you 've got the circlejerk going on but reality betrays your bullshit articles . 
  show me . 
  you 're not here . 
  i am . 
  you wanted our money so you made concessions . 
  get your head out your arse , silly boy . 
  greece . 
  the shining beacon of a united union . 
  thanks eu . 
  keep doing us favours . 
  haha . 
  the uk is n't in a mess . 
  you just keep saying it is . 
  income tax is very fair at the moment . 
  i do n't think there is a call amongst the working and middle classes for tax cuts is there ? 
  yes but even if she does n't invoke it she must make that clear and quickly . 
  and whilst your pop at the working classes might make you feel smart and important , you ca n't disregard them when it 's their vote that put us here . 
  the poor just reminded the tories who 's in charge . 
  will the tories be so quick to forget them ? 
  i agree . 
  uk becoming a tax haven is a terrible idea . 
  but lowering corporation tax to invite investment during an unpredictable few years is very sensible . 
  it would still be a higher % than one or two eu countries . 
  so it 'll piss a few guardian readers off . 
  who cares . 
  invoking article 50 is better for everyone at this point . 
  get it done may . 
  sharpish . 
  delaying is hurting us more than helping us . 
  interesting . 
  good post i am now going to ignore reality as it does not fit my agenda ... . . did i do good r/europe ?
