  morally redundant . 
  ok , just morally redundant then . 
  any more names you 'd like to call me ? 
  not a push to see why you 're only on # 237 a week . 
  i hope you 're young . 
  or ashamed . 
  you should be one of the two on that pathetic wage . 
  they 're poor out of choice . 
  people did n't seem to read this article . 
  they just commented with their ideological bollocks . 
  this scheme is for long term , perfectly able , not disabled , scroungers . 
  would be a nice little leftist rant you had there if it was n't totally off topic . 
  we 're talking about long term jsa claimants . 
  not the disabled . 
  not people with kids in need of care . 
  long term , have no desire to get a job , lazy scroungers . 
  and then you called me a bigot because i think it 's wrong people should use the system as a living ? 
  you are morally redundant . 
  enjoy your dole . 
  estonia is a nice place . 
  do n't let the scaremongering stop you going . 
  russia will not be annexing the baltics . 
  except all these numbers bandied around are based on nothing . 
  # 20 back for every # 1 spent ? 
  really ? 
  and where are the statistics to back up this wild claim ? 
  ( i know it 's not your claim , you 're just repeating someone elses unsubstantiated claim ) . 
   well it 's not the same pay is it ? 
  yes . 
  40 hrs p/w at # 7.20 = # 288 - 20 % tax @ # 57 = # 231 . 
  0 hrs p/w at # 73 + up to # 450 housing benefit and # 120 council tax benefit ( london prices ) = # 643 for doing fuck all . 
  but let 's not use london prices , only a paltry 11 million people live there . 
   given the choice i bet the vast majority would rather work the full time job than live on unemployment benefits . 
  but this scheme is only for long term jsa claimants . 
  how long does someone have to be a scrounger for you to disapprove ? 
  that you can get the same for not working as you do with a full time job ? 
  you do n't find that disgusting ? 
  you forgot to add the # 90 housing benefit and # 30 council tax benefit . 
  so it 's actually about # 200 a week ( outside london ) . 
  just a little bit less than someone on minimum wage that does 40 hrs p/w . 
  makes you sick does n't it . 
  great idea . 
  terrible implementation . 
  why should multi billion quid corporations profit from our deadbeat problem ? 
  these wasters could have contributed towards public services , but no , dave had to do his mates a favour . 
  also must mention this scheme was only for the absolute worst of society that had been scrounging for 18 months or longer . 
  decent people who just needed a bit of help between jobs were not part of this program . 
  i heard frisian is the easiest language for a native english speaker to learn . 
  well if there are no negative repercussions then what is stopping others from leaving ? 
  good question . 
  no one has left the eu , but the consequences we were told of ; recessions , weak currency , job losses , etc. . . all been done before . 
  we go through it every 20-25 years . 
  what will change this time ? 
  well , what else am i supposed to do with this nonsense ? 
  you literally quoted * yourself * i do n't even ... . . jesus ... . . what the ... ... wha ? 
  you said i contradicted myself . 
  did n't show how . 
  just quoted yourself . 
  you 're fucked . 
  have your last word . 
  you exposed yourself as a schoolkid so i know the last word is important to you . 
  i 'm out . 
  you 're stupid as fuck . 
  aaaaah , you 're one of them ... ... say a load of unintelligible shit under the guise of being smart . 
  looking forward to the holidays next week ? 
  6 weeks off . 
  have a good ` un , 
  i 'm lost . 
  you 're just saying random words now . 
  i 'm sure they make sense to you though , that 's all that matters . 
  you 're saying i 'm contradicting myself by quoting * yourself * . 
  should n't you show me contradicting myself by quoting * me * ? 
  you 're weird . 
  just a very obvious observation . 
  one i ca n't understand how you have n't made yourself . 
  and how does quoting * yourself * show that ? 
  are you confused ? 
  need a time out ? 
  i 'm comparing the deaths because they were caused by the same people . 
  why are you quoting yourself ? 
  historically , time already has told . 
  things very rarely change and when they do they do n't change much . 
  neither was i. 
  a good example of the common denominator just happens to be a european country . 
  but not as a bank . 
  is n't going to effect either much . 
  israel does n't burn babies . 
  i 'm still waiting on the truth of your position . 
   politics is n't a game . 
  it 's the best game . 
  smart people play it , but stupid cunts make the rules . 
  it 's fantastic . 
  chuck in a ball and you 've got a billion dollar company . 
  nope . 
  rather calmly do n't give a shit about palestinians . 
  not fanatical at all . 
  very calm . 
  you linked wikipedia . 
  have you seen the agenda going on in that place ? 
  y ` see , i do n't just read the information i agree with it .
