  http://www.friatider.se/raddades-undan-valdtaktsdom-tack-vare-film-falls-istallet-for-fortal ( link removed . 
  these facts too much reality for the snowflakes ) and wiki : sweden has faced a number of cases related to sexual violence that were false accusations of rape . 
  some of them includes : in 2007 , a father was sentenced to five years in prison for raping his daughter , who alleged the sexual abuse began when she was 4 -- 5 years old and continued up until she was 16 years old . 
  the man spent a total of 50 days in custody and he was also ordered to pay his daughter 380,000 kronor in compensation . 
  the charges were later proved unfounded and the woman was charged with making false allegations . 
  [ 50 ] in 2008 , a woman was sentenced to probation and psychiatric care for a false rape accusation as well as falsely accusing a man for threatening her . 
  the court ordered her to pay 52,000 kronor to the man whom she accused . 
  [ 51 ] in 2015 , a woman falsely reported being group-raped in karlstad ; a case that garnered nationwide attention and spurred significant discussions regarding gender-lib , equality , and sociocultural issues in swedish media outlets . 
  although rape charges were proven false , no charges were made against the woman . 
  [ 52 ] let 's add julian assange in there . 
  my facts beat your salt . 
  you must be from birmingham so are used to the smell :p, 
  yes . 
  i love italy , but i hate venice and to a point rome . 
  my idea of hell . 
  where as sardinia and sicily are my idea of paradise . 
  i 'm not shitting on italy . 
  just venice . 
  good answer . 
  that changed my mind . 
  ( to clarify , that confirmed everything ), 
  do you remember the smell ? 
  well that 's what i 'm saying is n't it . 
  rape is defined so loosely in sweden that pretty much any woman can accuse you of rape at pretty much any time . 
  i 'm more concerned with what can happen than with what probably wo n't happen . 
  it 's either a risk for women given the raw statistics , or if we break the laws down , it 's a risk for men . 
  the fact that the stats are so high support the fact that lessening the definition of rape results in more chance of frivolous rape accusations . 
  sweden 's refusal to remove confirmed false reports , or remove the numbers where men are found innocent also points to an agenda does it not ? 
  ok then . 
  we 'll do it your way . 
  all the accusations are real . 
  swedish men are monsters . 
  i 'm not really bothered , either way someone 's a cunt somewhere down the line . 
  i did n't get my info from sweden online . 
  i got my info from sweden and swedish people . 
  in sweden , if a girl is drunk and get 's laid , she can have you done for rape . 
  that 's a fact . 
  written in to the lawbook . 
  your personal experience is just that . 
  your personal experience . 
  i 'm not going to advise people to take the risk just ` cos this one guy and his mates have been lucky so far . 
  sweden is one of the safest places in the world . 
  i think where you 've gone wrong here is assuming the message in the airport was directed at women . 
  ah ok . fair enough . 
  venice smells of shit . 
  you should be grateful any sane human being would want to go there . 
  i can tell you one thing . 
  no one goes there twice . 
  love how the rest of the title is cut off . 
  was that op choice or mods choice ? 
  it 's terrible sweden is seen as the rape capital of the world when the truth is , it 's the rape accusation capital of the world . 
  i used to travel there for work and i knew ( warned by my good swedish friend , thanks andreas ) not to go near a swedish girl on a night out , because they can just say they were drunk and accuse you of rape , and even if you yourself were drunk , no punishment for her . 
  i thought it was hyperbole until i spent 30 seconds looking in to it . 
  ( i have even been warned of the exact same thing by a swedish * woman * . 
  thanks lena ) swedish girls are like the apple in the garden of eden . 
  very beautiful , some of the nicest fruit in the world , but it 'll hurt you . 
  i ca n't say i have many friends now that visit sweden , but if some did , i would warn them . 
  do not have sex in sweden after a night out drinking . 
  erm ... . . think that was a fritzl joke . 
  when my father went to brazil for the world cup he was sent a warning by the fco about street crime and steps to take to avoid it . 
  when my brother and his wife went to egypt he was sent a warning by the fco about extremist activity hotspots to avoid . 
  so why is it shit flinging for turkey to warn their citizens of a very real threat ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  i assume straight away double standards but i have n't heard your spin yet so , come on , let 's have it . 
  you said nationalist , expert hating rhetoric . 
  here  he played the uk population like a fiddle with his nationalistic , expert-hating rhetoric you didn ; t say he played on it with his rhetoric , you said it * is * his rhetoric . 
  anyway , semantics , a simple misunderstanding , no big deal . 
  he did n't change anyone ; s mind and he did n't play anyone like anything . 
  he 's also not the expert hating guy . 
  michael gove , that 's the correct answer you were looking for there . 
  you think boris johnson made the uk nationalistic ? 
  sorry mate but you 're a long way off there . 
  no one in either camp changed anyone 's mind from the day the referendum was announced . 
  trump can play the nationalistic card because his opponent has done so many things against the american population it would be silly not to play it . 
  johnson might surprise you . 
  you think his public persona got him where he is today ? 
  mayor of london . 
  idiots do n't get these jobs . 
  cheers . 
  at least one person on this sub that does n't get excited by our phantom demise . 
  fair play . 
  i 'm not worried . 
  especially when moody 's are having the same ` dreams ' as me . 
  i said discussion over  they 're not . 
  just like there will be no recession . 
  just like the pound wo n't collapse . 
  you can entertain yourselves with your pipe dreams . 
  none of it 's happening . 
  get used to it now so your bumhole doesnt sting as much when this becomes more apparent to you . 
  it 's apparent to the rest of the world . 
  you 're late . 
  where you been ? 
  we are the andy murray of european politics . 
  murray ; scottish when he 's shit . 
  british when he 's good . 
  uk ; left when we 're shit , not left yet when we 're good . 
  there is no discussion . 
  they 're not . 
  that 's that . 
  discussion over .
