  they do n't need immigration . 
  if he 'd gone to sweden and was found guilty he probably would have been out 3 and a half years ago . 
  yeah i know . 
  the point of the post was not immigration . 
  it 's the * type * of immigrant that the little englanders are gon na be pissed at . 
  gon na be hilarious . 
  well ... not for them . 
  which then move elsewhere . 
  there 's no shortage of places . 
  hell , china will even pay for a huge factory and shiny offices to attract investment . 
  so now they just sell their product in the uk . 
  so now it 's an import instead of an export . 
  now it costs us money instead of makes us money . 
  ... ... ... ... and the workers are n't needed . 
  this is n't 1930 , we have as much leverage as we 're worth . 
  and we 're not worth very much . 
  this is quite insulting . 
  i kinda started to smile a bit but then saw how insulted he was and understand why he 'd feel that way . 
  pretty sure he just committed the modern day version of treason . 
  so yeah . 
  death to traitors . 
  it 's gon na hit them hard . 
  they wo n't notice it at first , it 'll take a few years . 
  a lot of europeans will go home , and a lot will apply for visas and residency and stay . 
  the loss of a huge workforce can be felt less for a while , the economy will be struggling anyway so there will be less jobs to fill . 
  but then things start to level off . 
  the uk finds it 's place in the global market . 
  it 's not as good as it used to be , but it 's good enough for a country and population our size . 
  the economy gets better . 
  more jobs are available , but shit !, 
  before , there were 3 million european immigrants to fill these jobs , now there are only half that . 
  we 're going to need more europeans ... ... 
  but wait . 
  why would a pole or italian or slovakian go through all the trouble and expense of coming to work in the uk when they can go to any other european country for nothing and work straight away ? 
  especially with uk 's economy not what it was and the eu growing economically . 
  the european workers do n't come . 
  the economy ca n't grow . 
  in fact because business ca n't grow the best and brightest brits will likely go elsewhere . 
  to u.s , to canada , australia , uae etc. ... then the europeans that stayed see the eu is looking a better option than the uk . 
  it 's cheaper , more jobs , more opportunities . 
  and they 're sick of filling in a library of paperwork at # 80 a form every 18 months to stay in uk . 
  they start to leave . 
  we need immigrants . 
  the europeans do n't want to come . 
  i reckon we 'll go to asia before africa . 
  i could be wrong . 
  but i know one thing . 
  when trevor and dave are at work in the factory alongside iqbal , mohammed , yaya and taribo they 're gon na be begging for pawel , jose and mario back . 
  oh it 's gon na hit them hard . 
  it 's not just bordering countries though is it ? 
  it 's other nato countries too , including russia 's perceived main enemy u.s.a. 
  imagine if russian miitary were invited to mexico or cuba and * actually * went and did war games . 
  you think that would be allowed ? 
  you think that wouldnt be an international dispute ? 
  one rule for you ... . . another rule for someone else ? 
  i do n't even like russia , which is why i refuse to behave like them . 
  some people clearly have no problem shitting on them whilst stooping to their level at the same time . 
  nato doing war exercises on it 's border . 
  what do you want them to do ? 
  just watch ? 
  human self involvement and lack of awareness really has reached the international stage hasnt it . 
  way off . 
  billions off . 
  no , no . 
  i considered that before replying and went back and checked . 
  it reads like that , punctuation and all . 
  if he clarifies then i 'll apologize for mocking him , it 's not a problem . 
  no , he said russia was waging war against finland . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  simple as * that *, 
  what ? 
  i 'm well aware russia is involved in the ukraine conflict . 
  what ? 
  yeah i know ... but we 're not next to russia :d, 
  yeah , been through this , you 're an hour late . 
  i 'm not anti american or pro russian . 
  you 're shit at this . 
  you do n't know my views on russia . 
  if you know where your electric meter is , go check it out . 
  there is a light on there that blinks every kw/h of energy used . 
  in normal circumstances with tv , lights and the fridge etc. . on the light blinks roughly every 45 seconds to a minute . 
  then go and turn the kettle on and watch it flash like ambulance lights . 
  so ... after your cute little rant and all that ... . who makes up the shortfall ? 
  in other words , who you gon na spunge our share from ? 
  if you wan na be personal . 
  haha . 
  and the european royal families have reptile blood , stanley kubrick filmed the moon landings in a california studio and of course ... ... . .9 / 11 was an inside job . 
  are you on crack is a common , humerous way of expressing disbelief not only in uk but in the anglosphere . 
  and like i said , everyone and his neighbour knows where these sanctions come from . 
  it 's no secret . 
  there 's no conspiracy here . 
  please do n't claim r/europe as a more common opinion . 
  it has it 's leanings . 
  oh and it 's not * british * humour . 
  it 's * my * humour . 
  i have actually been . 
  numerous times . 
  it 's a beautiful place . 
  i know what you meant , i was being petty . 
  uk is smaller than it likes to think though .
