  that stupid ? 
  like being presented with the dadabhai naoroji award for support and promotion of bame ( black , asian minority ethnic groups ) party members . 
  maybe you mean that kind of stupid . 
  because they are the accomplishments of majid nawaz , the man credited with creating the term . 
  how about neurosurgeons ? 
  they 're probably quite dumb too huh ? 
  like sam harris , who has used the term many times . 
  those retard brain surgeons , going round revolutionizing medicine , fixing peoples brains , being all stupid . 
  richard dawkins . 
  would you like me to list his qualifications , achievements and contributions to mankind ? 
  probably not as valuable as yours of course . 
  tell me your qualifications and achievements . 
  i ca n't wait to hear them . 
  they must be pretty fucking impressive if brain surgeons , award winning authors and ground breaking scientists are stupid to you . 
  thing is western feminists do n't have much to complain about any more so they come up with shit like this . . what else do you expect from a movement so desperate for attention they 're using a wage gap myth that 's been irrelevant for a decade . 
  you 're talking about blockades and invasions and occupation . 
  you 're living in a fantasy land filled with too many movies and video games and you 're calling someone else naive ? 
  gtfo . 
  david cameron is n't in the panama papers . 
  haha , sounds about right . 
  oh well , at least there 's footb ... ah no we 're shit at that too . 
  just when i thought i was out . 
  they pull me back in . 
  gone from ` out ' to undecided again . 
  wonder how i 'll feel tomorrow . 
  is uk part of any of this ? 
  i know we have a national league . 
  do our clubs play in europe ? 
  do we have a national team ? 
  most fruits are different . 
  got to factor in the people that will vote out at the polling station but say they will vote to stay in public because they do n't want to be called a racist seeing as sly european spin doctors and greasy jumped up millennial know it alls ( british ones ) have made the * whole * thing about immigration . 
  i imagine there 's a fair few of those decent hardworking people that get upset about being called these things so just say ` in ' when they 're asked just to avoid trouble . 
  my own mother is one of them . 
  religion with religion ... . 
  mine went in the bin . 
  why would they hug us ? 
  they hate us . 
  ok . fair enough . 
  thanks for your honesty . 
  every discussion i have with a european pushes me closer towards an exit vote . 
  so ... total boho . 
  bit bollocks . 
  they got austria and czech republic before they went for poland . 
  as soon as they touched you we declared war . 
  i know your angry that we left you to the soviets but we could n't look after you forever . 
  good post . 
  something to think about . 
  i 'm still swaying towards no . 
  i do n't know , i still really just do n't know . 
  short for bohemian . 
  the lifestyle not the place . 
  so the other 54 % think ? 
  yeah ... when sweden has these problems people vote you up and it 's a fantastic circle jerk for sweden . 
  but when uk want to take steps to avoid exactly the same thing we 're racist simpletons . 
  do you know the eu makes british and other european farmers throw away perfectly healthy and safe food just because it 's a few millimetres out of shape or a few millimetres too big or too small . 
  do you know how much food ? 
  enough to feed sub saharan africa . 
  do you know how much fish the eu makes fisherman throw back in to the sea ? 
  around half . 
  do you know the environmental impact of 200,000 tons of dead fish has ? 
  oh , and 200,00 tons ... thats just the uk . 
  400,000 tons in spain . 
  do you know how much the eu gave to greece last year ? 
  81 billion euros . 
  do you know how much greeks paid in tax last year ? 
  about 40 billion euros . 
  tell me ... . how long you gon na keep the immigrant shite up and start addressing the actual issues ? 
  how long are you going to fool yourself in to thinking every single person out of the millions that will vote out just want to go because of immigration ? 
  the funny thing is ... you 're making those people out to be simple . 
  and that assumption is a direct result of you being simple . 
  none of these things are exclusive to the soviet union or communism in general . 
  just a boho wannabe trying to be smart by ignoring the hundreds of things they could have mentioned but tried to get clever instead . 
  oh the '' evil russians will get you if you do n't do what we say '' gem . 
  never heard that one before . 
  glad our polish friend below crammed that bullshit back up your arse . 
  do n't let them push you around poland . 
  germany tried fucking with you before . 
  we had your back then and we still do now . 
  well it 's not a surprise . 
  his 4-11 record in parliament fights was terrible . 
  shit . 
  we might have to negotiate ways to allow immigration with less paper work and visas . 
  oh my god this has never happened before . 
  we 're going to have to kick out all of our immigrants . 
  our working population will collapse !, 
  i 'm definitely voting to stay in now . 
  psssshhhht . 
  well shit , you just cemented my decision in june . 
  at least the dutch got a vote . 
  we were n't even told about it . 
  none of it 's ok . 
  the point was supposed to be you 're an idiot if you believe any of them . 
  do a deal with ukraine yourself then . 
  germany doing what it wants despite what other eu states say ? 
  well i never . 
  that 's new . 
  yeah . 
  ` cos all the russian news and commentary is propaganda . 
  and all the western news and commentary is totally legit . 
  it 's always a laugh watching you simpletons pick a side then eat up everything their side says .
