  that was in response to your equally pathetic ( except you were actually serious ) reply . 
  i said no one won the war except maybe the arms manufacturers and you replied with some u.s conspiracy shite . 
  sort yourself out will you . 
   you literally said the us only got involved in wwii to make money and ti was a business conspiracy . 
  where did i say that ? 
  you stupid motherfucker . 
  wow . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  were we talking about that ? 
  i 'm not going off topic so you can have a wank in to your stars and stripes handkerchief . 
  u.s made a lot of money during the war . 
  get over it . 
  it does n't mean you did n't fight well , or help us when we needed it . 
  god . 
  you 're a stereotype !, 
  murica !, 
  you made a pretty penny . 
  i did n't say it was a conspiracy . 
  you 're a bit typical are n't you . 
  '' america made a lot of money from the war '' '' yeah , all a conspiracy , blah blah , someone said something bad a bout america . '', 
  from your side it was . 
  well , not a conspiracy . 
  nice little earner though . 
  why is it supposed to look after people that attack it ? 
  just because we wimped out over terrorism does n't mean israel has . 
  people keep saying words . 
  all i see is everything has stayed the same . 
  as predicted . 
  well of course . 
  did anyone expect the baby boomers not to look after themselves whilst fucking off future generations ? 
  it 's pretty much all their generation is about . 
  well ... ... ... yeah . 
  in other breaking news , turkeys have voted to miss christmas . 
  china is on syria 's side . 
  lend-lease kept the uk in the war . 
  did n't do shit for russia . 
  no one ` won ' the war . 
  maybe the arms companies . 
  they probably won . 
  edit : turns out lend-lease benefited the russians more than i knew . 
  well i have n't been to a resort hotel in spain or greece or anywhere else for that matter for about a decade now . 
  i 'm no longer a teenager or a twenty something single person . 
  i stay away from hotels and resorts on my vacations . 
  some people enjoy that sort of holiday . 
  i do n't . 
  so i have n't actually seen how these behaviour has progressed over the years . 
  all i can think of is that we started doing it and now it 's turned in to a dawn battle for sun loungers all across europe . 
  and to that i say , good . 
  yet again , britain fought back against german tyranny , to liberate sun loungers all across southern europe . 
  there 's been some skirmishes , and the neutral countries getting a bit of collateral , but do n't worry europe , we are fighting back . 
  rule britannia !!, 
   oh wow , you 're the man . 
  british tourists making one friend at a time , innit ? 
  since when did a brit ever go to europe to make friends ? 
  yeah but they started it . 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  well , we never used to . 
  maybe we just got sick of it and retaliated after about 20 years . 
  once in gran canaria we set our alarms for 7am every day . 
  30 minutes after the germans had gone to the pool and claimed all the spots and went back to bed . 
  threw all the towels in the pool . 
  did this for 3 days before one crafty german did a stakeout and did n't go back to bed after putting his towel down . 
  haha , silly bloke thought his presence would stop us . 
  we just did it in front of him and dared him to do something about it . 
  funnily enough , they stopped after that . 
   snopes is anything but a `` bullshit '' site , they provide their sources and reasoning . 
  i did n't say snopes was a bullshit site , i said the story they 're debunking comes from a bullshit site . 
  i do n't have a conspiracy theory for seth conrad . 
  just another addition to the clintons kill list ( i suppose you 're one of those that say that list is just a coincidence whilst actually keeping a straight face ) p.s a suspect is n't a fact . 
  it 's a suspicion . 
  come on man , if you 're gon na make your own rules at least play by them . 
  yeah . 
  gon na have to adjust that attitude if you want to please the german overlords of the eu . 
   swartz was victim of an overzealous prosecution and harassment , but saying he was somehow assassinated is going over into conspiracy theory . 
  oooooooh riiiight , when russia does it it 's fact , when the u.s does it it 's conspiracy . 
  at least try not to be such an obvious homer . 
  tthat snopes article is bullshit . 
  no one ever claimed he was meeting the fbi except for some silly rumour website . 
  so , they debunked a rumour no-one gave any credibility to . 
  who cares . 
   good stuff . 
  this '' kkk do n't represent christians '' shit is n't flying anymore . 
  we need to see tangible efforts by the christian community to fight extremism , not just words . 
  both statements are correct . 
  just have a little think , make sure you take a paracetamol afterwards . 
  just brexit ? 
  tough spot for germany . 
  it ca n't be seen to be supporting the mad dog but ca n't turn it 's back on them or they 'll piss off the national football team . 
  good stuff . 
  this '' terrorists do n't represent islam '' shit is n't flying anymore . 
  we need to see tangible efforts by the muslim community to fight extremism , not just words . 
  this is a start . 
  true . 
  in uk speaking multiple languages is n't even considered a skill anymore . 
  multi lingual jobs pay the same as most ordinary unskilled jobs . 
  litvinenko was a spy . 
  he played the game and lost . 
  just off the top of my head , aaron swartz and seth conrad . 
  yes well ... ... . not the only nation to abuse whistleblowers are they ? 
  i think it rose first .
