  it was said ong 's removal would interfere with her right to a private and family life in the uk , and deportation would not be proportionate . 
  i got to three before i realised i can be here for a week . 
  theresa may has been a long time opponent of the echr . 
  things are looking up . 
  i know mate . 
  the comment was just a dig . 
  nothing serious . 
  i understand you were just trying to add to discussion so fair enough but i 'm mocking him , it 's not a serious discussion . 
  so if we have historians and political experts agree with him ( of which there are many ) are they still ` pseudo experts ' ? 
  when do they not become ` pseudo experts ' ? 
  can they only be called experts in the collective and not individually ? 
  i 'm not too clued up on which double standard r/europe is using in this particular case . 
  to be honest , i 'm just taking the piss out of him for saying something this sub has been taking the piss out of us for . 
  lovely  mind if i archive and link to it during scheduled r/europe circle jerks over when that one bloke from the uk said it that one time ? 
  dunno why i 'm asking . 
  already did . 
  what 's that got to do with him coming out with the line this sub has been taking the piss out of for 2 months ? 
   but it is not that simple . 
  over more than a decade the swiss , whose economy depends on trade with europe and of course keeping all that money safe for african warlords and despot dictators . 
  did you just unironically pull the ` sick of experts ' line ? 
  oh god please no . 
  cut it * after * the negotiations then . 
  that about 7 of them speak . 
  you wo n't invite us to your meetings anymore but you 'll happily spunge off our success . 
  it 's a toss up between security and freedom . 
  ca n't have both but can find a middle ground , which is pretty much this . 
  i can confirm after looking at some pretty crazy ( legal ) shit on the internet , no one is coming after you because you wanked to that legless hooker and the midget , no one is coming after you if you watch a brazilian gangster shoot another one in the face , and you can shout '' fuck the uk '' as loud as you like . 
  no one is coming after you . 
  they are called ` intelligence ' services for a reason . 
  they provide intelligence , not stupidity . 
  they leave that to the government snooping conspiracy nuts . 
  you looking dgse ? 
  i provided links . 
  what i said is true . 
  the only evidence you people have provided is your own meaningless words . 
  you are a liar . 
  and you ca n't pass this '' say it loud enough and in enough numbers and it 's true '' bullshit around me . 
  '' oh , well i studied law la di da . '', 
  do n't care . 
  evidence or fuck off . 
  at least i back up what i say with actual evidence and not a load of old word of mouth bollocks . 
  all i see here is 10 salty swedes with no evidence against mine . 
  and how is showing where i get my perspective from and proving what i say have basis being a liar ? 
  in the very least it makes me wrong , or uninformed , but not a liar given it actually comers from somewhere . 
  well , you 'll make a good lawyer . 
  you sound like one . 
  a right ... . well , we all know what lawyers are , i do n't have to finish that sentence . 
  it was 14 year olds i think the criticism said in the country the foreign minister is from . 
  so austrians fuck kids to , according to his own standards . 
  oh and albania , bulgaria , bosnia and herzegovina , estonia , germany , hungary , italy , liechtenstein , macedonia , montenegro , portugal , san marino , serbia . 
  i agree , 14 year olds are kids . 
  just an fyi . 
  age of consent in turkey ? 
  i 'll say it as reasonably as i can , and i 'd also like you to know that if you have an argument i will listen and you may change my mind but do n't just blindly attack me and call me a racist and a misogynist . 
  social justice in sweden is off the deep end . 
  specifically feminism . 
  to the point where they are so confused about what is right and wrong , we 've got a swedish politician and a feminist lobby group saying it 's ok when muslims rape but not when swedes do it . 
  this is what happens when two social justice views collide , they get confused and silly . 
  we all know that a massive part of 4th wave feminism is to push rape culture . 
  there are many 4th wave feminists in sweden 's government . 
  i believe they need these stats to be high to push that agenda . 
  i got this from the english translation . 
  i 'll put the swedish there also so you can tell me if anything has been mis-translated . 
  after a change in the law april 1 , 2005 , it is now just as serious to molest a person on their own have drunk themselves heavily drunk as a sober person . 
  from 1 july 2013 tightened sexual offenses legislation to strengthen protection of sexual integrity and sexual self-determination . 
  the provision on rape was extended to include cases where the victim react with passivity . 
   en s\u00e4rskilt utsatt situation kan inneb\u00e4ra s\u00f6mn sjukdom berusning allvarlig r\u00e4dsla a particularly vulnerable situation may mean sleep disease inebriation ( drunk ) serious fear, 
  i 'm not getting in to what i think the agenda is . 
  it 's enroaching on snowflake territory and we 've seen how far those psycho 's will go if you question them . 
  it is too easy to make a claim of rape in sweden . 
  sweden wo n't change the stats when it 's found no rapes occurred . 
  it 's not unreasonable to question these things . 
  what one ? 
  that it 's easy to make false claims because you just have to say you were drunk ? 
  supports it fine thanks . 
  i do n't play the ` i 'm gon na just contradict whilst having the substance of a vacuum chamber '' game . 
  facts or fuck off . 
  did i say swedish women were liars at any point ? 
  i said it was easy to make a false claim and people do . 
  only replies i 've seen is salt . 
  no real argument . 
  suits me . 
  i like salt . 
  you did n't read a word i typed . 
  you saw '' false rape '' and off your fingers went . 
  you 're a liar , http://www.nck.uu.se/kunskapscentrum/kunskapsbanken/amnen/sexuellt_vald/sexualbrottslagstiftningen/ from wiki and source linked above : in recent years , several revisions to the definition of rape have been made in swedish law , [ 3 ] to now not only include intercourse , but comparable sexual acts initiated against someone passive -- incapable of giving consent -- because they are in a vulnerable situation . 
  i usually assume that people are uninformed and give them a fair crack at discussion . 
  but you are clearly telling bare faced lies . 
  i think false accusations are disgusting of course , and it happens everywhere in the western world . 
  sweden just makes it easier in the eyes of the law . 
  how can it be rape just because both parties are drunk ? 
  that 's fucked beyond anything reasonable , and as it only works one way it is probably sensible to warn men of this . 
  what i want to know is , why sweden will not remove numbers from false accusations and later to be found innocent men in their rape numbers statistics . 
  there is clearly an agenda here . 
  i want to know what it is . 
  there it is !, 
  god you clowns are so easy . 
  am i racist as well ? 
  you tumblr comic strip . 
  the snowflake did n't do her research !,
