  yeah ? 
  that 's how we felt when we saw your silly medal tables with eu at the top . 
  yes they are . 
  some of them just have extra added . 
  everything in the uk act is in the european convention . 
  everything in the european convention is in the un convention . 
  the un just added some silly shit that will never happen so theirs ended up with 59 . who cares anyway . 
  we wo n't have one . 
  good . 
  that 's all i need to know . 
  wrong or right i still get what i want , 
  i do n't mind admitting if i was wrong . 
  you found information i missed . 
  even so , who are they do tell us who we get to deport ? 
  bloke was advertising terrorism in the street for christ 's sake . 
  the human rights act and the european convention oh human right , along with the un convention on human rights are exactly the same , word for word , to last bit of grammar . 
  does n't that make it even more abhorrent ? 
  if you 're not doing it for the money then what * are * you doing it for ? 
  i claimed others did ... . who were n't ? 
  were n't what ? 
  like ... come on man . 
  make some sense if you 're gon na call people stupid . 
  is this a joke ? 
  are you pretending to be edgy and retarded for a laugh ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out if you ; re a troll , a retard , or just the edgiest edgelord that ever did venture to the edge . 
  so cool , bro . 
  so edgy . 
  edit : case solved . 
  edgelord confirmed . 
  just saw your post about the war . 
  no one is this retarded . 
  even with all that salt weighting you down ? 
  haha . 
  you were wrong . 
  accept it . 
  move on ... ... or entertain me further . 
  either way 's good with me . 
  cherry picking ? 
  i did say i could be here all week . 
  want another 7,000 examples ? 
   not to mention scrapping the echr in favor of local legislation is contrary to the whole point of the thing , it being the last resort in a legal challenge of a government by a citizen . 
  that makes sense in practically lawless countries packed full of corrupt politicans and governments . 
  uk is n't eastern europe . 
  they did give no reason . 
  it was actually up to the uk to * guess * the reason and draw up a treaty , then deport him without even asking the echr anyway . 
  after the prisoner votes thing we learned we can just ignore it . 
  anyway , even if things were how you say , even more reason to get rid . 
  we ca n't get rid of a terrorist because he might suffer in another country that he 's killed innocent people in . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  i hope they cut his knob off . 
  i 'm a remainer , 
   also banking secrecy for foreigners does n't exist any more , it was abandoned in 2010 . 
  i know . 
  you just do it shamelessly and overtly now instead of in secret . 
  if you wan na get in to the ` you did it too ' game i 'll play , but it 's boring . 
  we did a lot of shit 10 times better and a lot of shit 10 times worse than you . 
  and ? 
  i did n't claim i won it . 
  i claimed britain won it . 
  just like the bloke that shot bin ladn did n't beat al-qaeda . 
  the u.s beat them . 
  i understand what you 're saying . 
  i know you think you 're all edgy and shit . 
  just informing you that you 're full of shit and not as edgy as you think . 
  cringy , in fact . 
  oh right ... you were n't there . 
  you read it in a book and looked at some pictures . 
  so edgy . 
  ignored the bit about the germans i see . 
  you 're shit at this . 
  you were around in the early 70 's . 
  so you must be one of those old people you want to get rid of then ? 
  and the 80 million germans that celebrated winning the world cup were n't either . 
  give it up . 
  this attempt at edginess is pretty cringy . 
  there goes germany again . 
  '' do as i say , not as i do . '', 
  oh so it 's older people that are the stupid ones . 
  got nothing on you clever kids have they ? 
  bloody pensioners . 
  haha !, 
  desperate . 
  rule britannia !, 
  and i 'm sure you 're the genius that knows how to fix it all . 
  did n't do anything ? 
  we must be in the world 's sport pages for nothing then , i suppose . 
  i 'll give you # 1 per 5kg for that salt you 're hoarding , 
  that attitude is why we lost , 
  this is great . 
  a lot of brexit votes because of the echr i 'm sure all you fantasists and conspiracy theorists will all be saying how we 're going back to the stone age and we 're all going to be slaves , but anyone sensible has learned not to listen to those idiots . 
  here ; s a small list of real reason we should replace it with our own bill of rights . 
  warning : scaremongering and leftist fantasist free version - we could n't extradite abu qatada to jordan for terrorist offenses . 
  the echr gave no reason . 
  they are not even accountable . 
  need to go . 
  - another immigrant rocky gurung , who was convicted of an extremely unpleasant instance of manslaughter , had a `` right to family life '' in the uk , which meant that he could not be deported . 
  - branding ong was jailed for four years for exploiting illegal immigrants and other offences . 
  the 34-year-old was employed as a company secretary for temptations buffet ltd in ipswich before her arrest in august 2008 . 
  an earlier appeal for ong to remain in the country was thrown out on the grounds the judge regarded the public interest in ong 's deportation as substantial , although her risk of re-offending was low . 
  ong appealed and judge de taylor of the upper tribunal overturned the decision , allowing ong to stay in britain .
