  well ... . clearly if citizens get killed anyway then ... ... yeah . 
  clearly they ca n't . 
  would you disagree ? 
  seems pretty obvious to me . 
  they didn ; t protect those dead citizens . 
  so it 's ok if they can protect some ? 
  most ? 
  is there like an acceptable percentage ? 
   a man with a gun tries to protect him and others but sometimes a citizen is killed away . 
  conclusion : guns can protect me and others . 
  well , someone 's gun can ; t protect someone else that is n't there can it now ? 
  which is why everyone should have one . 
  wow , you really sent me the opposite way from which you wanted me to see that did n't you . 
  i always thought that we should have legal firearms with vettingand background checks but now you 've opened my eyes to the fact everyone needs one , yeah , not fair to deny someone defence because they stole a chocolate bar when they were 17 . 
   people with access to guns get killed all the time , and people without guns get killed all the time . 
  but apparently when people without guns are killed , you blame the system that is supposed to protect them , from being faulty . 
  where as people killed with guns , the guns are not blamed for not being able to protect ? 
  sometimes they work sometimes they do n't . 
  sometimes you get stabbed or shot in the back before being able to reach the gun . 
  and sometimes you do reach the gun . 
  not having gun = dead having gun = a chance . 
  france '' s government ca n't protect it 's citizens . 
  are they living in an apocalyptic state ? 
  stop being silly . 
  this is so boring . 
  i want a gun because islamic extremism is on the rise and spreading and you try and twist it so i 'm saying we 're living in a mad max society ? 
  grow up and i 'll give you the time of day . 
  you 're not edgy , this is terribly tiresome . 
  nope . 
  statement still stands . 
  they ca n't protect us from the threat i 'm talking about . 
  which is why i said better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it . 
  i 'm not getting one because i think we have a problem now . 
  i 'm planning for an islam laced future . 
  you can argue however much you want ... i 'm still getting a trusty protector just in case . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  a 30 % increase is a 30 % increase . 
  does it matter how bad it was before if it 's worse now ? 
  you do things to make things better , not worse . 
  so bring back guns , then think of a * new * idea to bring down murder . 
  this is not rocket science . 
  you just read the numbers . 
  very little edginess to be had here . 
  what so i ca n't protect myself because some stupid fuck catholics and protestants ca n't be civilised and are fighting a 16th century war ? 
  fuck them . 
  they 're as bad as the muslims . 
  let 's look at those 5 years . 
  in 1996 when pistols were banned in the uk , the total amount of homicides was 679 . 
  in 2001 , 5 years after the ban , it was 891 . 
  an increase of 30 % give or take . 
  why would n't i be in uk ? 
  wait ... wait ... . let me guess . 
  i 'm russian ? 
  was that the angle you were going for ? 
  we had guns in uk before 1996 . 
  so there 's only a 5 year period between '96 and '01 where your comment is relevant . 
  since about september 11 , 2001 . 
  or 7th july 2005 if you want something closer to home . 
   would you be looking to carry it around outside of your home ? 
  not currently . 
  not until we reach france levels of terrorism . 
  it will stay in a good little hiding place in my home which at the moment is occupied by a baseball bat . 
  it 's not that i feel i need one immediately . 
  it just feels like i might need one on short notice some time in the future . 
   how do you think owning a gun would help ? 
  better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it . 
  the armed police officers that shot him ? 
  are you here all week ? 
  i do hope so . 
  i 've looked in to it . 
  can get a good hand cannon ( gchq avoiding language ) for # 500 . 
  pretty much already decided we 'll get one by the end of the year . 
  i think we need a pro firearms lobby . 
  the authorities ca n't protect us , we must be able to protect ourselves . 
  look out guys . 
  it 's the genius again . 
  born free ... . . 
  if you were born after 1991 . 
  how can i not be smug on this damn site ? 
  everything i say , anything anyone says gets a response arguing a load of shit they * did n't * say . 
  you just did it to me . 
  i got called a brexiter yesterday . 
  voted remain . 
  but i say one bloody thing and it means i believe in all sorts of other different things . 
  and i should n't be smug ? 
  what , you want me to take these people seriously ? 
  good article . 
  i do n't get triggered  i 'm not a special snowflake leftist . 
  anyway , as i said , good article . 
  some very valid points . 
  also good to see that the right and centre are always looking at ways to improve capitalism . 
  whilst the left want to bring it down and start again . 
  of course there are things that need to be fixed . 
  let 's fix them . 
  you were n't expecting that were you ? 
  you wanted me to be partisan and salty like you . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
  what has the fact one source is linked in another got to do with them being out of date ? 
  why do you only argue the points you 're comfortable with and ignore the rest ? 
  oh and another nice little gem .
