   what , you just straight up do n't believe anything anybody says ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  never guided me wrong yet . 
  dont believe anyone . 
  i 'll change my mind when i meet a human being that can tell the fucking truth . 
  something tells me i wont be changing my mind . 
  you started the two bit attacks . 
  so ... dont give what you ca n't take . 
  i do n't believe either side in this argument is not very cryptic is it ? 
  it 's rather straight forward . 
  everyone looking after their interests and theirs alone . 
   anyway . 
  what exactly do n't you believe ? 
  the fact that putin is pretty much a dictator at this point ? 
  the fact that he and his oligarch friends run russia ? 
  the fact that these conflicts are manufactured in order to distract the masses from the real problems that plague the country ? 
  i know all of that . 
  ... ... and what 's it got to do with this specific event ? 
  yes, 
  who mentioned usa ? 
  you 're romanian no ? 
  i said i do n't believe you . 
  do you know what ` you ' means ? 
  its ok , english is n't your first language . 
  i do n't believe you so i 'm an edgelord . 
  how grown up you are . 
  if you put as much effort in to learning the language you want to communicate in as you do with pseudo-intellectual diatribes you might soon learn what ` you ' means . 
  yep . 
  the simple are getting harder to spot . 
  not because they 're not as obvious . 
  just the fact there 's more of them these days . 
  good . 
  socialism . 
  thought people got bored of that . 
  this should be fun . 
  russia will win a nuclear war . 
  whilst the west would want to wipe out russia and have the rest of the world to itself , russia has no qualms making sure there 's not a world left for anyone to have , including itself . 
  i do n't believe them ... ... ... i just do n't believe you either . 
  you 're all full of shit . 
  yeah i meant the edit further up and made a mistake , haha . 
  actually fair enough , we do have good planes for a war on european soil , but not anywhere else . 
  only 1 battered old aircraft carrier as well iirc . 
  east europe would n't mobilize . 
  if they did then welcome back ussr.germany would struggle against the weakest of armies due to it 's imposed restrictions . 
  it would be mostly france and uk with a little help from spain and italy . 
  of course germany would fight but not for long . 
  also do n't forget we can never fight back . 
  it would only be defensive as we could never get close to the u.s. . we would need russia for that and that will cost the baltic states , ukraine , belarus and probably poland . 
  before you say anything i realize this is fantasy . 
  i do love these alternate history/future hypotheticals though . 
  we 're just not . 
  u.s has it 's military all over europe . 
  if we pissed them off its over in a day . 
  do n't forget those nice treaties that keeps the german military weak . 
  and uk does n't even have decent planes . 
  switzerland do n't play war . 
  scandinavia gets frightened if a russian sub gets too close . 
  greece ca n't afford bullets let alone guns . 
  italy ? 
  spain ? 
  eastern europe wo n't dare face west because they 're too scared of what will happen east , which they should be . 
  so unite that riff raff . 
  will it make much difference ? 
  because they 're bigger and stronger than us and we do what they say . 
  exactly why ttip will be signed against the wishes of pretty much every european citizen . 
  welcome to the world . 
  it 's 4 billion years old and some things never change . 
  crooks is the wrong word . 
  i should rephrase . 
  more like ... ... a pack of ruthless , sly wolves . 
  providing the dumb poor sheep food . 
  fattening them up before they eat them . 
  i do understand it . 
  it took years . 
  just like it takes bankers and economists years . 
  you think the man on the street has years to take out of their lives to learn all the complexities ? 
  not to mention learning all the contradictions . 
  some people realise most people do n't have the time or resources to understand why they worked 60 hour weeks but still lost their house . 
  others are smug cunts because they know something most do n't . 
  that would be you , by the way . 
  greece joining the euro led to the collapse . 
  they got a terrible exchange rate when they swapped out their drachma . 
  1 . who pushed to get greece in to euro ? 
  2 . who set the exchange rates . 
  i 'll save you the suspense . 
  the answer is germany . 
  as far as the present day goes , here 's an excerpt . 
  * initially , european banks had the largest holdings of greek debt . 
  however , this has shifted as the `` troika '' ( i.e. , european central bank or ecb , international monetary fund or imf , and a european government-sponsored fund ) have purchased greek bonds . 
  as of early 2015 , the largest individual contributors to the fund were germany , france and italy with roughly $ 130bn total of the $ 323bn debt . 
  [ 128 ] the imf is owed $ 32bn and the ecb $ 20bn . 
  foreign banks had little greek debt . 
  * so the debt was to german banks originally ( yeah , yeah french and italian too apparently but who are we kidding here ) . 
  so ... . if greece did n't pay it 's debts the banks would lose . 
  ok . bad news but that 's what happens when you lend to a country that ca n't pay back . 
  enter the imf and ecb . 
  these funds are operated by national governments . 
  they paid for the bailout , so greece could pay banks back . 
  so now if the greeks default it 's not the banks that suffer , it 's the government and the people they govern . 
  all whilst the banks get to make more money selling loans to make up the shortfall from a greek default .
