  oh and let 's tack a little gem on the end by mentioning brown and darling wanted to take us the way of greece and spain when we were in debt by getting us in to more debt . 
  wan na get started on liam fox ? 
  i can think of one single worthy scottish politician in modern times . 
  the rest are just dross . 
  is this the guy that wanted to leave a union telling us we should stay in a union because it 's better for us ? 
  what a fuckwit . 
  you look at people like salmond and sturgeon and it all becomes a lot more easier to understand how the scots ruined us in '08 and sold our gold for record low prices . 
  scottish politicians are complete clowns . 
  seriously . 
  how the hell do you pick a job known for ineptness and dishonesty and manage to outdo seasoned veterans . 
  it 's just a word . 
  we say mainland ` cos we 're an island . 
  you 're looking too much in to this . 
  welcome to the modern world . 
  in 10 years people just are n't gon na bother interacting anymore . 
  i already have abandoned facebook and twitter and keep conversations outside of my friends to a minimum . 
  remember that we have the sjw generation coming in to adulthood now . 
  this is only gon na get worse . 
  aaaaaand he ruined it at the end there . 
  went from reasonably informed young chap to edgy 17 year old idiot in one word.if only that ` x ' was n't at the bottom of the ad ... the kid would still seem half bearable . 
  this is confusing . 
  we shit on everything putin says or does whilst at the same time we 've got this moronic little rat running around and we 're constantly trying to kiss his arse . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what 's the difference between these two people ? 
  well then russia should clean itself up and join the eu , then it might get a rebate . 
  we 're discussing european fiscal policy , not doing year 9 history . 
  i like this . 
  being censored is a lovely way of telling me i 'm right . 
  governments thinks censorship will hinder us in the search for information and opinions . 
  what they do n't seem to know is that its actually the best way to confirm a suspicion or opinion . 
  i always thought holocaust deniers were insane conspiracy theorists , still do a little bit ... then all those european countries censored everything they had to say and threatened them with jail , even sent some people there ... . . hmmmmm . 
  cool . 
  thanks for the info . 
  yeah on the larger scale . 
  but i can imagine the big cities are just as much of a nightmare as london . 
  what 's the need for nato ? 
  what has it actively done since yugoslavia ? 
  we already pushed greece towards russia . 
  are we going to do the same with spain ? 
  it was created to counter the warsaw pact ... ... which no longer exists . 
  they do n't have to wonder anymore . 
  in that same time span they have increased 170 million . 
  more sardines just a bigger can . 
  96 % got one wrong which was the reforms in the 60 's one . 
  does that mean i 'm allowed to stay british ? 
  i know . 
  i wish russia would just tell the bloody truth about this conflict . 
  it 's not like anyone 's gon na do anything about it anyway . 
  only because the non whites come up with some mad , mentally ill excuses as to why their hatred and bigotry is n't racist . 
  i 'm neither , but if i had to choose i 'd rather be aware i was a racist than unaware that i have mental issues . 
  greece was thrown under the bus years ago . 
  it always starts with a ` lol ' . 
  no , that 's what voting to leave is . 
  voting to stay is voting to fight him . 
  we ca n't if we leave . 
  this can only lead to trouble . 
  i disagree with the eu on a lot of things . 
  they piss me off immensely . 
  and not just the eu as a whole . 
  some of the member states annoy me too , as im sure we annoy them . 
  we are now coming in to a time where almost every european doesnt know what war is . 
  thats because we 've come to diplomatic resolutions no matter how much we piss each other off . 
  our economies and laws being tied together has more than a lot to do with this . 
  i think we 're being complacent because we 're the first europeans in two thousand years that havent been effected by real division . 
  uk tories are n't liberal ? 
  now i ca n't really say i know much about the austrian one other than the quick read of that wiki you just linked but if you wan na get in to it i could argue all day long that uk conservatives are in name only . 
  i think i might be using conservative in a very classical sense here . 
  i 've been called worse than shit for my very simple and fair ideas about immigration so i should probably stop calling myself conservative . 
  i 'll just go with good ol' fashioned nazi . 
  or literally hitler . 
  either/or . 
  not any political party then . 
  jesus both those parties are about as conservative as ghandi . 
  not the uk political party ffs . 
  smh . 
   far-right are now called conservatives exactly . 
  cheers   but acknowledging unreasonable people legitimizes them that 's not how it works . 
  we 'd have to discuss what 's ` unreasonable ' first . 
  then after the decade that 'll take we can talk about not legitimizing it . 
  yes . 
  yes they are . 
  nope . 
  a look at the bigger picture . 
  and learning from history . 
  and adolf . 
  and franco . 
  we going to let juncker ? 
  we 're such good guys . 
  we never do anything wrong . 
  just russia lying again . 
  sure . 
  that 's just borders mate . 
  greece is nearly as old as the dinosaurs . 
  if we 're using the criteria of the idiot that downvoted this , u.s.a is only 57 years old . 
  this is why we must remain in the eu . 
  we can not allow these fascists to control europe again . 
  the french have forgotten so it 's down to us to remember the sacrifices made so that men like juncker ca n't impose their will on the people of europe . 
  calling conservatives ` far right ' is legitimizing the view that the leftists now have literally no mature argument against them . 
  it 's turned in to adults v petulant teenagers at this point . 
  i am going to stamp out fascism !,
