  he and his family made the laws . 
  same thing . 
  or close enough for me not to care at least . 
  and executing women for being raped . 
  and cutting the hands off children for stealing a piece of fruit . 
  and the attempted genocide of the yemeni people . 
  do n't forget to thank them for that as well . 
  there 's still swedes ? 
  i know there 's a sweden . 
  but i havent seen a swede there for about 5 years now . 
  no jokes allowed !!, 
  i do n't have national pride . 
  i 'm proud ` cos i was born on a certain piece of land ? 
  really ? 
  i also do n't take credit for any of the good things we did . 
  just mentioning them . 
  i 'm not saying those bad things didnt happen . 
  i know they happened . 
  wasnt me though . 
  y ` see the thing about acknowledging stuff from the past is ... it doesnt mean shit . 
  ok , so we put down a revolution in iraq in 1920 ... . and ? 
  is having a politician say ` yeah we did that ' ( when we didnt , the people that did are all dead now ) gon na make anyone feel better ? 
  ` cos if thats the case , people really need to sort their priorities out . 
  whats this ` connection to our countries ' business ? 
  i have a connection to myself , my friends , my family , people i communicate with . 
  not a flag . 
  definitely not a flag . 
  call me arrogant . 
  call me naive as someone else has . 
  patriotism , national pride , whatever you want to call it , has held the world back since biblical times . 
  it 's stupid as fuck . 
  buy in to your flag waving patriotism if you want . 
  everybody else does . 
  but then there 's plenty of examples in history of the majority being dead wrong . 
  so i 'll just be the naive guy that doesnt buy in to this crap . 
  not the guy that gets constipated with rage and creates a massive imgur post because a politician made a tweet . 
  why would n't i advise someone to go to aalborg ? 
  nice little student town , good move for a university student or a young professional . 
  just learn the language first . 
  and yes everyone is stupid as fuck . 
  me too . 
  i 'm dumb as hell . 
  what makes everyone else that tiny bit worse though , is the fact they think they are n't . 
  and no , i do n't judge people based on nationality . 
  i just said i did n't . 
  why would you say i do when i just stated the exact opposite ? 
  if you 're a dick you 're a dick . 
  if you 're alright you 're alright . 
  it 's not complicated . 
  * not if you have a say about it * we 'll always be european . 
  we might leave the club but we ca n't move the country  * who says you had to apologize ? 
  but you can still remember it and like maybe not freak out and deny it ? 
  * i do n't think we do deny it do we ? 
  i certainly have never heard anyone in an official capacity deny the events on op 's list . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong of course , i 've just never seen or heard anyone in an official capacity deny anything . 
  i may see things differently to most , and understand when people do n't get it , but let me try and explain my position . 
  nationality is bullshit . 
  people are people . 
  i 've never called or thought of a german as a nazi in my adult life . 
  i do n't think worse of a russian because of events in ukraine . 
  people judge countries based on goverments ` cos they 're fucking stupid . 
  by buying in to it and trying to partake in this discussion on your terms would make my point invalid . 
  it 's all bullshit . 
  same with this eu vote . 
  we have normal people getting at each other over something rich people told them to argue over . 
  fuck it all . 
  i lived in aalborg for 6 weeks . 
  i hated it . 
  i could n't speak danish and people were very cold to me . 
  i did n't have fun . 
  yet you 'd never hear me talk bad about denmark or a dane . 
  because those were a few people and they do n't mean shit . 
  take people for what they are . 
  nitpicking at a tweet is just so sad . 
  how much energy must someone have to spend on bitterness and hate to have to put that together in response to a bloody tweet ? 
  it 's only naive because you choose to complicate things with bullshit . 
  it 's really not very naive at all is it ? 
  no one 's perfect . 
  but you 're quick to blame people for shit they never did just because they were born on the same patch of land . 
  very small minded in my opinion . 
  fine , we 'll play it your way . 
  you are european . 
  uk is european . 
  so these events are your responsibility also . 
  going to apologise ? 
  went througha lot of effort to make a shit point against a shit tweet . 
  don '' t people have jobs anymore ? 
  hobbies ? 
  bloody hell something to fill the time other than this bollocks . 
  it 's just ... . . sad . 
  i 've always wanted to see a frenchman and an italian argue over food . 
  could be one for the ages . 
  what am i owning up to ? 
  did you miss the part where i did n't do any of this shit ? 
  and if a german owned up to what they did then they damn well better have actually did it . 
  otherwise what are they owning up to ? 
  us brits are a bit sensitive when it comes to stuff like this . 
  maybe because the u.s stole the credit for anything good we ever did and all we ever get is shit for the bad stuff we did . 
  everyone forgets we were the first to ban slavery and police the world seas interning slave ships . 
  no , it was those wonderful unionists in the u.s civil war that ended slavery .
