  three stories up from here we 've got a story about boys wearing skirts to school . 
  below that is an article that includes a silly danish girl that 's starting a petition to let muslims abandon whatever they may be doing 5 times a day to pray . 
  i was gon na vote to stay , but if leaving can threaten this shit show we call a civilization then maybe it 's time to re-assess . 
  thank god this was with russia . 
  any other country and we 'd be getting the blame . 
  yeah . 
  problem is when you dont give a shit about the population you 're bombing , the collateral is never too high . 
  well we are n't exiting an american or asia ` trade and political bloc so yeah ... as opposed to american or asian . 
  clever germans . 
  i suspect you 're right . 
  west germans . 
  they were living by the morals they were told to live by . 
  just like the east . 
  the ukip and edl lot will if the government ignore a leave vote . 
  guaranteed . 
   db regio ( de ) owned by arriva uk ( gb ) owned by deutsche bahn ( de ) . 
  viva europa . 
  i knew it was run under a db branding . 
  so the german government owns db who own arriva . 
  so ... the german government owns arriva ? 
   cough london cough i meant my region , the north east . 
  what does italy own here ? 
  is anything british anymore ? 
  apart from banks and other shitty moral free business . 
  deutsche bahn do run stuff . 
  they operate my local metro , not arriva . 
  it 's got the red db logo in a red square all over the place . 
  arriva just do buses and some regional rail lines that no one uses . 
  yeah , a lot of our shit is european owned . 
  what does that mean as far as brexit is concerned ? 
  is this good or bad ? 
  i hope it 's good . 
  i 'm predicting it will be a leave vote . 
  and i 'm predicting the government will ignore it . 
  i 'm predicting there will be riots . 
  hope i 'm wrong . 
  do you think anyone will die in the riots when the government reject a no vote and stay anyway ? 
  deutsche bahn run my local metro . 
  it 's a joke . 
  at least half a million in late fines for them every year . 
  and not a single day where every station is open . 
  is that true ? 
  if it is then the german government own a substantial amount of the british rail network . 
  i wonder why murdoch hates the eu so much . 
  as a businessman who deals in the billions he * must * benefit from it . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  oh right , you can play your games but if we play too it 's wrong ? 
  fuck your bullshit . 
  you even pulled the right wing card . 
  flake . 
  i 'm voting to stay . 
  you fucked that insult up did n't you ? 
  how do you know i ca n't ? 
  i told you , it 's over . 
  done . 
  do n't hang on to this when you do n't have to . 
  i did n't make any conclusions in that comment . 
  racist : /, 
  you should comment , its bollocks . 
  i 've been corrected too . 
  it 's over . 
  give it up . 
  '' an not so intelligent island inhabitant '', 
  i support luton town f.c mate . 
  tell it to an arsenal fan . 
  i get you . 
  you make a good point . 
  im voting to stay anyway . 
  just want to get a good picture of things . 
  maybe i just think they look tough sitting next to sweden . 
  hell , malta would look tough if it was next to sweden . 
  if those countries kicked out the pensioners entire towns would disappear . 
  especially in spain . 
  yeah you 're right there i think . 
  we 'll hold our heads high though knowing that europe has fallen to the germans and the uk stands alone ... ... ... ... again . 
   as that time window closes the exporters everywhere will yammer that there must be a deal soon , but only the ones in the uk can make their government give concessions . 
  seeing how a dutch or german firm would have to convince everyone from cyprus to portugal , not just their national government . 
  that sounds like their problem more than ours . 
  does n't it ? 
  especially when , as the importing country , we can look elsewhere in a very competitive world . 
  their grandfathers also fought in france . 
  i 'm sure they 're proud . 
  finns are solid mate . 
  not many people humiliated the russians like the finns did . 
  oh and they make insane racing drivers as well from driving on ice all the time . 
  kind of does have a democracy problem . 
  you pointed out wrong and i do n't even have to look it up . 
  2.3 million is our worldwide diaspora . 
  around 1.2 million of those in eu . 
  3.3 million europeans in uk . 
  and just to put a ribbon on it for you , that 's 1.2 million doctors , engineers , scientists , entrepreneurs , business leaders etc. . . against 3.3 million factory workers , cleaners , fast food workers , bus drivers etc. . . 
  if uk leaves how will that affect those numbers ? 
  certainly , but their will still be a certain effect , even if small . 
  and regarding that , most eastern and southern european countries are already very fragile . 
  it might only take a small problem to tip them . 
  not that it should be a problem as germany will probably cover any small issues , but they ca n't prop europe up single handed forever . 
  for me it was never the national socialists that epitomized german obedience to tyranny . 
  it was the berlin wall . 
  the russians did n't build it , the germans did after they were told to . 
  those were germans in that boat , ready to kill other germans if they would have got away with it .
