  i read it * all * . 
  and once you have * all * of the information the position to take is obvious to a child . 
  most of the fuckwits that make this argument ( guardian readers ) still think palestine was an actual place and palestinian is an actual nationality that israel stole their land and occupied them . 
  you want me to side with those fucking idiots ? 
  here 's the thing . 
  i care about me . 
  and when it comes down to me ( and my family ) do i want a country full of civilised people that we can call allies trying to create a nice country in a shithole region of the world ... ... or do i want to give it to a group of people who will turn it in to just another muslim wasteland and use it to build bombs and train kids to bomb our cities ? 
  i will never not be pro-israel . 
  they can commit all the atrocities they like . 
  there i said it . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  now why do n't you be honest about your position . 
  hmmmm . 
  most people fly the flag of where they 're from , not where they are . 
  you 're still wrong . 
  a lot of people may have voted due to immigration , but a lot of people did n't . 
  and i voted remain so any argument for them that you ' r trying to use against me personally is invalid . 
  no , that 's what your newspaper and this sub told you . 
  you know as much about the motives of brits as i do with greeks . 
  very , very little . 
  if it was black and white i 'd be pro palestine . 
  the easy posution to take . 
  all you have to do is read the guardian and thats your side picked . 
  plus i didnt say palestinians murder children . 
  youre just creating argument points . 
  why do you need to do that if you 're confident with your position ? 
  there isnt a single israeli in gaza . 
  not one . 
  settlers are individual people . 
  thats not on israel . 
  as for bombing the school . 
  i like this strategy . 
  its very clever . 
  launch rockrts from a school then show everyone how nasty israel is when they bomb said building . 
  very clever . 
  lucky people are such simple cunts . 
  this strategy would never work on someone with a brain cell . 
  nothing ever changes when it comes to rich men making money . 
  it didnt change in 1929 it didnt change in 1980 it didnt change in 2008 and it wont change in the future . 
  fast or slow . 
  thats the golan heights . 
  where there is very little to no conflict . 
  west bank and gaza are not occupied . 
  well , they are , but not by israel . 
  show me . 
  nothing devestating is going to happen to us alone . 
  why did he have a white flag ? 
  clearly he was in a conflict zone . 
  occupational hazard . 
  the jews never bombed anyone . 
  the jews didnt send rockets to schools and hospitals . 
  the jews never stabbed civilians in the street . 
  so take godwins law and shove it up your arse . 
  success in this case would be things remaining relatively the same . 
  which it will , much to your disappointment . 
  what actions ? 
  defending their people ? 
  maybe france and germany could learn from them . 
  no one is being occupied . 
  xenophobia was the bullshit you came up with to try and shame people to vote remain . 
  fortunately that bollocks leftist tactic stayed on the internet where it belonged and reality won . 
  and we them . 
  so that would be pointless . 
  the people who think it was ` palestinian ' land to begin with know fuck all about history . 
  no one is killing innocent civilians just going about their business . 
  30 years of experience . 
  anything that causes such controversy and is supposed to have a massive impact usually leads to things just staying the same . 
  of course i have . 
  but that 's not how it 's looking , 
  i know . 
  i think we need to trigger it asap . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it should be a lesson that eu is put in this position of having to wait by it 's own bad organization . 
  yeah i just said that . 
  no , i 'm not saying the eu is hindering the uk 's ability to trigger article 50 . 
  i 'm saying ... eu needs us to trigger it but ca n't force us to leave because their own badly thought of laws do n't allow them to . 
  their own bad organisation and bureaucracy is now hindering themselves ( eu ) from hurrying things up , which they want to do . 
  deaths caused by terrorism in israel in the past 12 months = 28 . 
  deaths caused by terrorism in france in the last 12 months = 221 . 
  are you suuuuuure israel is the root cause ? 
  really sure?so it has nothing to do with a religion who 's book breaks every hate crime law in europe ? 
  really ? 
  nothing to do with islam at all ? 
  just israel , yeah ? 
  it 's alllll israel 's fault ? 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  we can take as long as we want . 
  eu ca n't kick us out . 
  the salt with any single bit of good news about the uk is already astounding . 
  they 've made it clear ( at least , this sub has ) . 
  they want us to crash and burn . 
  you can bet your life i 'm gon na be here to rub it in their faces when we succeed . 
  but ... muh anti-englands circlejerk :(, 
  how ? 
  there 's nothing you can do . 
  while i agree it needs to be triggered asap , i do find it funny that the eu being unorganized and bureaucratic is hindering it at the moment . 
  it 's a good lesson . 
  now let 's see if they learn . 
   this is polishing a turd . 
  i 'm glad i feel no loyalty to this land . 
  anyone that feels loyal to land is a stupid cunt anyway .
