  this sub has turned in to some cracking comedy . 
  the desperation at most of the articles posted is astounding . 
  but this has to be the best , i ca n't think of another one as desperate , pathetic and hilarious as this one . 
  well played independent , well played . 
  jaguar land rover are n't british . 
  haha , these articles are getting more and more desperate every day . 
  theresa and her government are really impressing me . 
  good stuff . 
  good place to start , keeps what we have which in many cases is just fine and at the same time turns eu laws in to british laws , so that 'll make the mongs happy . 
  i thought systemic mass murder would have been a bit frowned upon in poland of all places . 
  not that i do n't support freedom of choice , just calling it what it is . 
  haha , anyone ever seen the south park where kyle moves to san francisco and they all love the smell of their own farts . 
  that 's like this sub when someone says something bad about the eu . 
  tragically pathetic , but * very * funny . 
  just to help out the 90 % of this thred that started jacking it before reading the article , he 's saying fuck you because the eu showed concern about drug dealers getting killed in police operation on drugs cartels . 
  i 'd tell the eu to fuck off as well . 
  none of their business , and a problem they have no experience with as well . 
  eu opened it 's mouth and got an appropriate response . 
  anyway , enough facts , back to the jerk . 
  well duh !, 
  everyone is broke and germany is hoarding cash . 
  but slow on the uptake here renzi , it 's been like this for about 8 years now . 
  yep , and your tax rate says you 're a liar . 
  keep trying to play it cool . 
  you 've been sussed . 
  you 're a liar . 
  you told so many lies i had to edit the post to add more lies you told . 
  then you go on about beliefs and shit , even though my reply to you only discussed your wage slip . 
  then you say i must be young . 
  the guy that trawled his post history for an argument , lied in said argument more than once , then says silly things like lol and lmao ( yep , an actual adult using those terms , i know right ) when they get called out . 
  you 're a mess . 
  so desperate . 
  so transparent . 
  so ... ... ... . . reddit . 
  you can reply with more lols and lmaos ( y' know , whilst your calling other people young ) . 
  i 'll be all the names you want to call me ... ... . . but at least i 'm not the desperate guy pretending to be a big shot on reddit . 
  that subs a joke . 
  and the fact you 've actually stalked me on to another one confirms that . 
  what a joke . 
  do n't worry i unsubbed and wo n't be going back there . 
  in the mean time get a life you freak . 
  erm ... . . i did n't downvote . 
  in fact i never downvote without reply . 
  i 'm not a cowardly bitch like that . 
  yeah . 
  you 're right . 
  it is gibberish . 
  it 's actually 8 years . 
  shit !, 
  i 've got the internet !, 
  bummer man . 
  try palming that shit off down the pub where it 's harder to immediately verify . 
  it was n't a civil comment . 
  it was a jumped up shit passively aggressively calling everyone that disagrees with him a right wing xenophobe . 
  you would n't say it in the pub ` cos you 'd get a slap . 
  you would n't say it to your mates who voted brexit ... ... ` cos you 'd get a slap . 
  so how is it civil just because i ca n't slap your arrogant arse ? 
  do n't tell me . 
  the german government changed it 's entire citizenship rules just so r/europe can have a play with themselves . 
  yeah ... no . 
  if they 're applying for german citizenship they 've been there for 7 years already anyway . 
  i * hate * , believe me , really * hate * to ruin the circle jerk , especially after all the jizz thats been spilled up until now , but i 'm afraid no one that is n't already there is leaving to go there and be a citizen . 
  hehe . 
  salty downvotes are like sustenance to me . 
  nom nom nom nom nom . 
  that 's ` cos you 're one of the idiots that still has n't come to terms with the fact that just because people don ; t vote the way you want them to you ca n't label them . 
  you have n't got a clue why people voted . 
  you 're just being a little tumblr bitchboy that needs to spread his salt around with his labels . 
  i voted remain and even i revel in brexiters showering in your pathetic salt . 
  that 's how much of an insufferable mong you are . 
  we 're leaving . 
  dick . 
  of course now you 're gon na moan like a little bitch because you can call anyone you want racist or xenophobic but get upset when someone says something about you . 
  actually an understatement . 
  the normal , not gone batshit insane and lost their minds left are tories now . 
  just because the extreme left ( the labour left ) did n't vote brexit does n't mean the left didnt vote brexit en masse . 
  brexit was a completely bi-partisan vote . 
  could n't have been done without the left . 
  i 'd come out with some insult about loony leftists but i do n't need to . 
  the left are finished in the uk for a very very long time . 
  i 'd rather be full of shit than completely irrelevant and mocked by successful people . 
  title makes it look like we 're paying for the whole thing and makes out it was n't us that made them build it in the first place . 
  maybe flair could say '' uk makes france build wall . 
  france does as it is told '', 
  wow . 
  flair shows circlejerk . 
  uk joint funding it . 
  we probably should as we * made * them build it . 
  sorry if i ruined your wank :( do n't worry . 
  few quick strokes and you 'll be hard again , 
  i like it when auto correct is all you have . 
  away little snowflake . 
  hillaryforprison 2016 , 
  whoa !, 
  you 're wit and intelligence just knocked the wind out of me . 
  social studies degree not working out for you kids ? 
  haha . 
  this is brilliant . 
  you 're making their little bleeding hearts explode . 
  i 'm with you .
