  by being a fascist . 
  eat a dick juncker you hypocritical old plank . 
  ca n't we just give them greece ? 
  my mothers the same . 
  you ca n't really get in to it too much either because mother always knows best . 
  i thought that too . 
  just tell her it wo n't if it 's only schengen . 
  sorted . 
  ah good . 
  well in that case , go for it . 
  let me know how it works out mainland , 
  liberals and fascism have a pretty good relationship these days . 
  although maybe liberals is the wrong term . 
  leftists would be a better description . 
  we 're just racists . 
  or sexists or something . 
  i dunno , i 've lost track of all the things i am now just because i think you have to work for money and not allow economic migrants in to a country with no jobs . 
  best to delay this till after the brexit vote so the eu can fuck us when it 's too late to change anything . 
  i was speaking to my polish taxi driver about this . 
  he wants us to leave because he 's sure poland will leave if we do , then hungary , then who knows . 
  im still undecided but the obvious big issue is swaying me towards stay . 
  the leftist bullshit bit was n't about your views . 
  it was about the tactic of putting words in my mouth . 
  i think 49 % should be the absolute upper limit for tax . 
  anything higher is morally disgusting . 
  obviously not to the spongers but to hard working successful people . 
  i also respect other views . 
  let 's just remember we 're living in a leftists dream as we speak ... ... and everyone that showers more than once a month hates it . 
  dont pull that leftist bullshit with me . 
  putting words that were never said in to my mouth ( theres a reason you need to do that btw ) taxes are not rape . 
  75 % tax is , which is maybe why they reduced it to 50 % just because i think taking 3/4 of someones earnings is criminal does n't mean it 's stereotypical . 
  we 're not talking about a normal , reasonable tax rate here . 
  oh and tony blair campaigned on a centre left platform . 
  words ... . meet actions . 
  if they really did want that then they would n't argue with every single damn thing we propose . 
  same thing . 
  ah yes , but you 're missing something here . 
  i did too . 
  i was all for brexit , but think of it this way : if we leave , that leaves germany to pretty much control all of europe ( they like to humour france in to thinking they matter ) . 
  fuck ... . . no . 
  we have to vote to stay . 
  it is our responsibility to learn from history . 
  not this one . 
  it is normal . 
  which is why no one gives a shit . 
  * far from wanting to rule europe , germany 's leaders seem increasingly worn out by its endless crises and , from their point of view , downright ingratitude . 
  hahaha . 
  thankyou glorious germany for all the wonderful things you 've done for us . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  i am almost pissing myself . 
  you could not make this shit up . 
  astounding . 
  did anyone ever * not * call it dnipro ? 
  israel 's is ice hockey ? 
  they must have saw cool runnings and thought they could do better . 
  germany would have double its funding . 
  flavoured tobacco . 
  the menthol comes from the filter , not the tobacco . 
  i thought for a second i might have missed something but after a bit of research came to the conclusion the the writer of the article is a dipstick . 
  plus , enjoy shutting down thousands of shisha bars all across europe . 
  let me know how that works out for you . 
  what part of scotland i 'm from . 
  usually by americans . 
  which is weird , i mean ... . they had cheryl tweedy on american xfactor . 
  no , it 's almost as if france put the burden on the hard working successful people to control it 's defecit . 
  whilst not reducing spending . 
  next time try veering away from the party line . 
  after only two months in charge !, 
  bloody labour . 
  what ? 
  hollande 's regressive socialism did n't work ? 
  but how ? 
  has n't he got upper class vote ? 
  oh yeah , they all live in belgium , the netherlands and germany now because hollande taxes them 50 % for being successful and gives it to ... . god knows who . 
  how about the middle class and small business owner vote ? 
  oops , turns out these people are a bit sick of not being able to progress their career or grow their business because ... ... ... hollande will tax them 50 % for being successful . 
  how about the working class , the unemployed , the sick and disabled ? 
  surely a lock in to vote for hollande . 
  oh no wait , he did n't have the money available to support the lower end of the pay scale in society because anyone that was successful and paid taxes left or lowered their income because hollande takes half your shit if you dare to do something with your life . 
  good job hollande . 
  socialism rules . 
  maybe you 'll have the jewish vote frankie ... ... . oh no , you fucked that up as well . 
  bet he 's wishing asylum seekers could vote right now . 
  '' we 're sorry africa is shit . 
  here , have billions of euro 's to clean the place up . 
  oh , you left anyway . 
  here , live in this camp with running water , shelter and food ... . . oh , you destroyed the camp , sorry it was n't good enough . 
  let 's try this the british and scandinavian way ... here have a house , lots of free money and you 'll live in comfort and safety for the rest of your lives . 
  oh , you 're raping our women ... ... ... . '' grateful bunch . 
  see you 're changing the argument again . 
  i did n't say i assume everything is a lie . 
  i said i do n't believe you . 
  you could be telling the truth . 
  it 's up to you to prove it . 
  until then ... ... i do n't believe you . 
  people being liars is a mental disorder ? 
  do you just type shit and hope it resembles something making sense at the end of it ? 
  it was actually pretty even . 
  france lost about 5 % more troops but with such high numbers that isnt a big difference . 
  french and british fought alongside each other most of the time .
