  now i invite you to leave if you do n't like it . 
  hehe . 
  i was so hoping the top comment would be briny . 
  first canada , then u.s , now australia . 
  sorry eu , we only have limited trade negotiators . 
  you 're gon na have to wait in line :d, 
  let 's pick on the only civilized country in the middle east again . 
   but can we please stop these generalizations ? 
  that is literally all i 've had since june 23rd . 
  generalizations . 
  yeah i know , i 'm not sure why that was a reply to you , should have been just a comment on it 's own , not a reply to anyone . 
  my bad , calm down . 
  your comment has nothing to do with muslim behaviour . 
  it has to do with turkish behaviour , much more specific . 
  good comment . 
  turkey . 
  the best example there will ever be that you can not civilize islamist societies . 
  a german that supports islamists running amok and beheading people . 
  well i never . 
  your country arrests people that have harmed or wronged no one because of what they say . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-36804363 he wants what germans want ... silence dissent . 
  what it 's only good when you do it ? 
  i can tell you where you went wrong . 
  guardian . 
  you do n't want to be getting your news from the printed equivalent of an edgy , spoiled 15 year old with self esteem issues . 
  brexit vote was made possible because of the left . 
  it was actually a huge vote against the centre right . 
  because germany chose the muslims over it 's own people . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-36804363 and do n't get me started on sweden . 
  they should be ashamed of themselves . 
  thats a reasonable response ? 
  in a world full of leftist pussies it is . 
  turn raqqa and mosul in to glass . 
  see if anyone will pledge alliance to dust . . 
  i do n't think it is . 
  but it 's not in a worse one . 
  not our problem anyway :d, 
  ugh , whatever precious . 
  when confronted i said , '' that was my experience , you know more than me '' clown looking for an argument . 
  french prime minster says , quote `` france-is-going-to-have-to-live-with-terrorism '' wow . 
  lawyers , fines , associated costs , the business costs of enforcing right to be forgotten , the money it 's gon na lose as a result of anti-trust , tax rules and let 's not forget the individual states doing their own shit , spain charging them to link to news sites , france raiding them in a tax sting . 
  the list is endless . 
  maybe . 
  we 'll have to see wo n't we . 
  will it outweigh the money they spend on lawyers fighting the eu constantly ? 
  i do n't know . 
  only they do . 
  i have only been to istanbul so only one big city . 
  ca n't make a comparison as i have not seen anything outside of the biggest city . 
  i 'd love to see rural turkey though . 
  problem with that is , too see these places you need lot of money or a friend from there , because holiday companies do n't go to anywhere outside of the popular places . 
  nah , you just type ` google ' . 
  magic does the rest . 
   and i would like to add that i in no way wanting the uk to collapse or anything even though i would have preferred the stay vote . 
  i am very glad that the ftse 100 is currently still a bull market , i am just voicing my concerns , because i think the direction that has been taken is more dangerous than the current situation by far . 
  i wanted to remain . 
  but i live in the position i am in . 
  we are leaving , thats the situation i 'm in . 
  my attitude has been altered by the ` us v them ' sentiment i 've seen by europeans as soon as the vote came in . 
  i speak 2 other languages ( well , 1 and a half ) and my first instinct was '' ok , let 's look for jobs in germany or italy '' but after the sentiment on this sub it 's '' right , let 's stay here and prove them all wrong '', 
  so , if google decide to restructure and serve europe as a . com bypassing all the silly laws ( right to be forgotten , for example ) and non stop harrassment from eu trying to squeeze money out of them every chance they get ... do you think the advertising from the german amazon site is going to make a difference in that decision . 
  contracts expire . 
  they are broke . 
  they have good economies , but when it comes to money in the bank ... ... uk and french military are both a joke right now ... . and uk is spending well above the 2 % . 
  and they can still target that market . 
  and deliver to them . 
  using a . com like everyone else . 
  google deal with eu out of courtesy . 
  that 's it . 
  france has n't got any money . 
  neither have we :d funnily enough , we 're both wrong , because we 're both arguing using an economic indicator that has no bearing on how much money a country actually has . 
  france is broke . 
  uk is broke too but the original message i responded to never mentioned uk , you did . 
  it helps us when they need to pick a direction to go in after art. 50 is invoked . 
  450 million customers they simply have to re-direct to a . com instead of . fr , . de , . sl , . po , . it whatever . 
  most web services in the world are outside and do not work with the eu , yet can still be accessed by eu citizens . 
  it 's not hard . 
  ( maybe even re-direct to . co.uk just for the insane laughs that would cause ) what ... is europe gon na block google if it does that ? 
  we already know the response . 
  hehe . 
  first apple , then microsoft , then amazon , then google . 
  i am loving watch the eu help us out at every turn . 
   and please do n't lecture me on the basics of economics when i 'm studying for a bba degree which i fully intend to extend toward an mba . 
  i do know the basics of economics , but suggesting that britain is somehow far superior to france is pretty absurd . 
  well then you 're not doing very well . 
  your comment was about france 's economy overtaking us , i proved you wrong . 
  the rest of your comment was one big guess . 
  you know as much as anyone else knows about the future ... ... . . nothing . 
  oh and if you 're studying for a bba how do you need some bloke in the north of england with 3 gcse 's to show you a source ? 
  you 're a liar or i fear for our future if our would be economists are taking information from factory workers . 
  and what 's the empire got to do with anything ? 
  god this whole comment came right out of the 20 year old jumped up ' i know everything ' college student hand book . 
  it 's 40 years too late for your country . 
  we 're not trading blows with the french . 
  oh and france overtaking us was based on a pound value of 1.17 to the euro ... . . it 's now 1.21 . 
  basics mate . 
  basics . 
  * with the pound falling below 1.17 euros overnight for the first time since 2013 , that means the size of the british economy in 2015 is now equivalent to 2.172 trillion euros - less than france 's official gdp of 2.182 trillion euros last year . 
  i do n't think she realises she is the idiot to pin the blame on . 
  for an hour last week .
