  the next year or two might be a bit shit but things will return to pretty much the same . 
  it always does . 
  russia probably . 
  it 's corrupt as fuck . 
  and ? 
  their funding comes from a russian bank . 
  lot 's of people and political parties are funded from abroad . 
  as irish you should certainly know that . 
  i 'd also like to know how being funded from russia has anything to do with liking or not liking the uk . 
  you seem to know a lot of shit no one else knows . 
  especially how le pen feels . 
  how do you do that ? 
  magic ? 
  crystal ball ? 
  i wish i knew how people felt without them actually telling me . 
  handy skill to have . 
  when will i not be able to ? 
  in the dream world where the uk collapses ? 
  i tell you what . 
  you do n't listen to the nonsense that makes you believe there is actually one british person with an iq over 2 that goes on like that , yeah ? 
  and i wo n't assume every austrian is a little mussolini when the next government is a nationalist party ? 
  that seems fair . 
  one of those . 
  i always enjoy the russia angle . 
  it 's cute . 
  username checks out . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  you think i 'm serious ? 
  haha . 
  jesus , it 's a joke for christ 's sake . 
  come on man . 
  fighting back against german tyranny over sun loungers ? 
  rule britannia ? 
  this is not a cryptic joke . 
  i made it pretty obvious i was taking the piss . 
  no one will gain from the uk leaving the eu . 
  you understand that right ? 
  the french hate us a little bit less than everyone else . 
  and le pen seems to love us . 
  dunno why , but i 'll take it . 
  nothing to lose by waiting . 
  we 're just hanging back for the french . 
  after the french elections we 'll either be in a considerably stronger position with a euro-sceptic ally or france will remain status-quo and we 've lost nothing nor gained nothing . 
  no reason to rush things . 
  oh ... . . that and the fact we 've bred 50 years of morons so we might have to import negotiators . 
  that 'll take a bit of time . 
  yeah but the majority of this sub is n't like you . 
  i voted remain . 
  after 1 week reading the vitriol in this sub from europeans i felt i made the wrong choice . 
  i 'm happy we 're leaving . 
  we 're clearly not wanted and if we stayed we are holding back the eu form further integration which it seems is what everyone wants , so staying would hold back the eu and we 'd be paying in to a union where the people bloody hate us . 
  what 's the point ? 
  michael gove said we 're tired of experts . 
  one person . 
  boris johnson said we can put # 350m in to the nhs . 
  one person . 
  and you lot treat us as if we all went to the polls with these two quotes in mind . 
  it 's bollocks . 
  and the remain camp was n't exactly honest . 
  they said for the # 350m we put in we get 20x that back . 
  that 's the biggest load of shit i 've ever heard . 
  if that were the case , not one sane person in the land would vote to leave . 
  both sides were full of shit . 
  the remain side 's bullshit just was n't even worth debunking because it was so ridiculous . 
  at least the leave camp made their bullshit half believable if you do some mental gymnastics and crunch the numbers the right way . 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  comparing the cutesy ira to hamas . 
  or i can just keep going to work , enjoying my family , going on vacations and leading a generally average lifestyle with little stress . 
  i know you must hate the fact i can do all of those things , but hey-ho . 
  your dreams and my reality seem to contradict one another . 
  yeah , it seems so . 
  i was wrong . 
  i know , i just admitted i was wrong . 
  do n't worry . 
  the world has not exploded . 
  uh huh . 
  we just making stuff up now ? 
  ok billy bob . 
  yeah , there 's people sending me messages telling me the same thing . 
  thing is , people that stupid , will never know they are stupid . 
  i suppose that 's why they 're stupid . 
   which is a stupid comment that a conspiracy theorist would say . 
  the governments were getting arms for nothing and controlled most of the production . 
  oh really ? 
  who won then ? 
  governments ? 
  certainly was n't the people . 
  i 'm out . 
  you 're too dumb . 
  there 's even people sending me messages telling me not to bother because you 're so stupid . 
  i 'm gon na take their advice . 
  look how this conversation went . 
  i said no one won except the arms dealers . 
  you got butthurt for no reason and started going on about some conspiracy . 
  you are a caricature , a stereotype of a typical american idiot . 
  arms manufacturers make money in time of war . 
  what 's that got to do with the u.s ? 
  fucking cartoon character . 
  banter mate . 
  calm your tits .
