  a lower corporation tax rate is not a tax haven . 
  and the way the eu is dragging any company that makes a few pennies through the courts these days , uk is n't looking that unattractive . 
  yep . 
  i think now the dust is settling people are starting to realise that there will be no great change . 
  we still need to work together or we 'll all go down . 
  as for the gold reserves , it 's unlikely we 'd keep that . 
  that 's stealing . 
  but since the uk sold all it 's gold we could shotgun it 's price with absolutely zero effect to ourselves . 
  looks like that blithering idiot gordon brown selling our gold off for record low prices could have it 's benefits . 
  i 'm as guilty of this myself , but we all seem to be talking about how we can fuck each other instead of how we can help each other . 
  so france 's education system needs sorting out ... to keep it short . 
  yet it might * have * extra money due to the pressure released on it by not having the european medical tourist industry . 
  everything to do with the nhs regarding brexit is very cloudy at the moment . 
  the nhs is a moot point at the moment . 
  if the nhs was just for brits , it would be overfunded . 
  but it 's not just for brits . 
  we have a nice little medical tourist industry coming in from eastern europe . 
  now that might change . 
  so we do n't really know anything regarding the nhs or it 's feasibility and funding for a while yet . 
  we 'll figure something out and things will be relatively normal by this time next year . 
  there is one thing the uk does hold . 
  a * vast * amount of euro 's . 
  that 's not what you said . 
  you talk like you hold all the cards . 
  self loathing is a very weak character trait . 
  what is this ? 
  we ca n't do business with ukraine . 
  the part of their country that 's worth anything is a '' tourist resort '' for the russian military . 
  a country that includes yourself . 
  haha . 
  funnily enough that 's * exactly * what the politicians think . 
  worse than that , it 's what a lot of european citizens think . 
  poor , poor , silly naive girl . 
  labour are in tatters though . 
  if they had an election now they 'd steamroll it . 
  if they wait till 2020 that gives labour time to sort their shit out . 
  oh believe me i 'd do the same . 
  i just would n't pretend to care whilst other countries go bust around me , 
  uk economy recovered slightly and is levelling off . 
  everything is returning to some state of normality . 
  when we have a prime minister it 'll improve even more , that 's not a guess , that 's a fact . 
  more companies every day say they 're staying in uk . 
  the banking system just * ca n't * be moved . 
  it is entrenched in london . 
  tell you what , and remember this ... . for every bank that leaves london for frankfurt i 'll give you 20 euros . 
  put a remind me bot on it . 
  the thing is ... . what you 're * saying * is happening and what is * actually * happening are two different things . 
  sorry if i 'm sceptical of predictions . 
  i have n't seen one come true yet ... from either side . 
  so , greeks ca n't eat anymore . 
  spain and italy are going bust , eastern europe is still eastern europe ... . . and germany is hoarding money . 
  and the working class person in the street who lives week to week still has n't noticed a difference . 
   if i said all germans are stubborn , some non-stubborn germans might feel the need to disagree erm ... . . 
  a refugee did n't choose to be a refugee ... . 
  but a dirty smelly hippy chose to be a dirty smelly hippy . 
  kick them out , give the building to the refugees , then give the refugees the jobs the lazy bastard leftists refuse to do . 
  i 've just looked this up . 
  anything up to 10k is a village in uk according to the government . 
  available on ons and government websites . 
  thing with pensioners ( the babyboomers now ) is that they want all of the comforts and benefits of a retirement after they created a world where the generations after them will never have one . 
  they still have it easier than anyone under 50 will have . 
  i know but i could n't think of anyone worse than thatcher to compare her to . 
  maybe i should say ... ... thatcher if she was a modern u.s republican . 
  does that mean we get guns ? 
  but you said english is lingua franca because of usa . 
  why do usa speak english ? 
  nothing to do with you hiding behind the eu flag . 
  what 's wrong about the original comment ? 
  we 've just been through this . 
  so my original comment is still true and you just replied out of butthurt . 
  glad we cleared that up . 
  and why do brazilians speak portuguese and argentinians speak spanish ? 
  you said english was lingua franca because of usa . 
  no need to repeat yourself . 
  so i ask again . 
  why is english spoken in north america ? 
  and why do north americans speak english ? 
  it 's a mix of both.not too far from 50/50 with germanic and latin languages . 
  the french did it before us . 
  hell the french even conquered britain in 1066 . 
  i 'm probably one of the only people left in the world that has n't fallen for the u.s trick of making the french appear weak . 
  i think they 're total badasses . 
  i love the french . 
  the english language takes from french . 
  we just did it more recently . 
  oh and i think germany already has ideas . 
  threatening to fine other countries for breaking rules they break themselves is a good indicator of that . 
  i wish you had the balls to show where you 're really from whilst you 're relentlessly trolling about the uk . 
  second day in a row now you 've shit on the uk . 
  at least we 're not afraid of being british while hiding behind a european flag . 
  pretty much confirmed the suspicions i had yesterday . 
  so full of hatred or just awful , awful banter . 
  judging by your persistence it 's clear you 've got a stick up your arse about the uk . 
  what was it ? 
  turned down for a job in uk ? 
  dumped by a british girl ? 
  i do wonder . 
  it currently is . 
  euro is suffering against the dollar . 
  it 's only doing marginally better than the pound .
