it 's not the mainstream politicians who are preventing free speech and peoples free will and movement . 
  it 's those people on the street . 
  ` the common people ' . 
  it 's * when * the politicians cater to this extremist minority that will finally kill the left . 
  just look at labour in uk ... haha , sorry i should say england and a little bit of wales . 
  the left is in disarray . 
  you 've got the extremists . 
  then the majority of the normal left that are too shit scared of calling out the extremists . 
  then the politicians that do n't know what to do , cater to the majority or cater to the guardian . 
  and all whilst the right seems as united as it 's ever been . 
  the left is finished in the uk . 
  let the world watch , but it wo n't learn . 
  we do n't want the turks and the serbs do n't want us . 
  did n't even read the article to see that 's a very silly british minister . 
  i like sweden 's . . could mean a few things . 
  as a tory voter ... . i fucking love corbyn . 
   yes , i get it . 
  i knew lots of guys who talked like this in high school . 
  they made swords out of duct tape for larping and thought `` get me a sandwich woman '' jokes were edgy and daring . 
  bit of a push . 
  i 'm much more light hearted about the matter . 
  find me one person in the world that can tell the fucking truth and i 'll gladly re-assess my cynicism of you slimy bastards ( of which i am one ) anyway , whatever.i thought you were a smug fuck but then looked at your comment history and you seem to have an actual willingness to talk to people and learn , which is awesome and my assumption was wrong . 
  if you did the same and looked at my comment history you 'd see i really ca n't be taken seriously . 
  love a reaction though . 
  tip , drop the passive aggressiveness , makes you sound like a right cunt when you 're clearly an alright guy . 
  now , if you have some pent up rage to let out , i 'm your guy . 
  if you 're looking for me to entertain a genuine conversation , best to try somewhere else . 
  my wife uses this account , though rarely , so if you 're really stuck i could give her a shout . 
  there was . 
  and it was . 
   you have a clear anti-american sentiment i have clear anti everyone sentiment . 
  even british . 
  nothing personal . 
   this shows what a low opinion you have of american culture without actually understanding it , since this statement is a very inaccurate assessment of american culture , especially in historical terms . 
  i have been . 
  i do n't think i 'm that far wrong . 
  in historical terms i guess it 's irrelevant when talking about the present . 
   instead of taking responsibility for the role that brits play in their own society , you point a finger that it 's america 's fault . 
  which is a little bit undignified , in my opinion . 
  part of that stiff upper lip should be taking responsibility for your actions , should it not ? 
  fair point . 
   it 's interesting that the first american achievement you could think of was not the internet , but sports logos . 
  i did think of the internet , but the internet we know and love and use today was actually the doing of a brit , so i left it alone . 
   the question began about poor education , and you answered addressing politics , consumerism , media , and bad attitude . 
  all of these things contribute to the education of the mind . 
  politics makes the education . 
  consumerism affects education immensely , if we 're talking not just about the school system . 
  u.s has created a society that will thrive even if school was banned , but will collapse in a week if people stop buying shit . 
  does that sound like a society focussed on education ? 
  and attitude ? 
  well , if you do n't want to learn then you wo n't . 
  it all has an impact . 
  i 'm not anti american just to point these things out . 
  just like i 'm not anti european just ` cos i do n't like their tendency to be willingly shafted by anyone that feels like it . 
  i do n't hate europe ` cos it 's concept of freedom has obviously come from an alien planet ( i admire the u.s for their attempts at a free society . ), 
  but i can say what i see . 
  not a hater , just an observer . 
  uk leaves and germany owns you . 
  all of you . 
  from the atlantic to the danube delta . 
  every one of you , germany 's bitch . 
  so ... pretty much ` left wing politics is pointless ' then . 
  a desperate retort . 
  upvoted as well . 
  it really is beginning to seem like there 's the right , the centre , and the mentally ill . 
  they 've got a safe zone . 
  such as ? 
  whilst i agree that le pen should mind her own business we really should n't be taking the liberal approach of banning everything that hurts our feels . 
  challenge her . 
  do n't pull the regressive left trick and cry until she ca n't be heard . 
  he was a bad human being . 
  solely as a politician he was probably the greatest that ever lived . 
  he invented modern politics . 
  discredit the opposition , create fear to control the population , make a permanent enemy that is n't tangible . 
  push agendas in state controlled media . 
  glorify the military as heroes to the nation like some sort of mycaenan greek city state . 
  hell , there 's politicians today in most countries that use his ideas and are actually proud of it . 
  call him what you want , but he was n't a bad politician . 
  now if you want to see a comedically bad military strategist adolfs your guy . 
  i do n't even go to r/uk now . 
  it 's a farce . 
  i actually think r/europe have the best and fairest mods of all the subs i visit . 
  word is angela hi ... merkel has already put out an international arrest warrant for the comedian . 
  for a country that seem so guilt ridden and ashamed of un named past events they 're trying ever so hard to repeat them . 
  our culture has become more about the individual than the collective . 
  now it 's me , me , me . 
  we did n't get that from mainland europe . 
  the british ` stiff upper lip ( which i think is a distinctly european trait , not a british one ) has been replaced with wimps and crybabies . 
  we do n't work to better ourselves anymore , we moan about how ` the man ' is sabotaging us . 
  an american trait for 300 years now . 
  our dry and witty sense of humour has been replaced with brashness and slapstick . 
  this is evident in our tv shows and other entertainment . 
  our politics have not yet reached the doldrums of theirs , but it 's beginning to . 
  this eu vote is an example of that . 
  lots of lies and extremities and the only people willing to have a sensible discussion are the normal people like you and i. 
  we 're not willing to learn about others any more because we care too much about ourselves . 
  and do n't get me started on consumerism . 
  the mindless purchasing of useless shite that keeps the brain idle . 
  if anything this is americas biggest legacy . 
  greece gave us democracy .
