  god you idiots that base your whole perception of life along party lines really do need a slap . 
  see , this is the sort of retard we have to deal with daily on this sub . 
  literally the day after the referendum , eu army was discussed by european politicians . 
  this guy says lol . 
  is there any end to the arrogant stupidity on this sub ? 
  we 're not suitable for each other . 
  eu wants further integration , uk does n't . 
  the argument of fighting inefficiency , bureaucracy and further integration from inside ( which is why i voted remain ) is pointless if it 's 27 v 1 . 
  they want to push us in to places we do n't want to go ( e.u army , turkey joining ) and we want to get in the way of them going there . 
  it 's pointless . 
  best to just leave them to it . 
  i 'm still having * major * doubts about the benefit of paying in to this free market as well . 
  the numbers do n't add up . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm right . 
  apparently we gain a ton . 
  i 'm just trying to figure out the sums these experts are using . 
  because they must be pretty bloody complicated . 
  it just does n't add up . 
  yeah . 
  that 's why i said uk and france ignored it because we do the same . 
  that seems accurate . 
  i would have no problem with a leader like merkel . 
  merkel would be likeable if she was n't so arrogant . 
  that would be perfect actually . 
  a merkel without the arrogance . 
  best way . 
  not too staunch either way . 
  open to discussion . 
  that 's how every politician should be . 
  she 's the same on issues not associated with the eu . 
  i think she could be our best leader since ... . since before i was born . 
  before thatcher . 
  that 's fair . 
  we ca n't just let russia get away with certain behaviours but we ca n't shit on everything it does . 
  problem with crimea is , the international community would not have listened to a diplomatic solution . 
  that 's a fact . 
  what is russia supposed to do ? 
  crimea is russian . 
  always has been ( in modern times ) . 
  the people are russian . 
  the vote to join russia was legit , as much as people like to say it 's not . 
  russia had no choice in this matter . 
  as for it 's behaviour towards ukraine . 
  how long was russia supposed to put up with them ? 
  not paying their debts , siphoning off gas , stealing . 
  then they had a coup and ousted an elected leader . 
  then we find out it was the u.s that manufactured the coup . 
  imagine if russia manufactured a coup in mexico and installed an anti u.s government . 
  there 'd be war . 
  if this happened in any other country people would be going mad . 
  but no , on this occasion everyone just decided to pick the side that is n't russia . 
  do n't even get me started on constant nato expansion right in their faces . 
  are they supposed to be happy about that ? 
  problem is , whilst you might have some point , we ca n't have this discussion as there seems to be a blatant denial of reality about the situation . 
  there are many sensible discussions to be had about russia . 
  but we ca n't have them as most people on the anti-russian side revert to hysteria . 
   i see clear correlations with how afd is portrayed in germany now and how the sweden democrats were portrayed in sweden a few years back . 
  and ukip . 
  best way though is n't it ? 
  may could have filled her department with remainers like her but did n't . 
  we now have a government with different opinions and different idea 's about how we move forward . 
  i think the best possible scenario in this case is to have a bi-partisan government . 
  actually , the best scenario in * any * case is a bi-partisan government . 
  yeah . 
  a real brit . 
  just like a real austrian is a fascist . 
  oh ... . . sorry , i thought we were just saying random shit about whole nationalities based on what the country voted for . 
  let 's do croatia ... hmmm , who do i know from croatia ... . oh yeah . 
  yeah , you 're the same as him . 
  you 're from the same place . . 
  not so sure . 
  i ca n't say i regret my vote , because it did n't matter in the long run . 
  but i voted remain and if i had to vote again tomorrow i 'd vote leave . 
  new prime minister was a remainer . 
  new government is made up of politicians from both sides of the vote . 
  well someone has to realise the cold war is over . 
  it 's been 30 years . 
  and ? 
  we found out a few years ago that they have a whole nsa department set up to spy on european governments . 
  europeans forgot about that in a week while eastern europe is jumping up and down like a child asking for sweets , except they 're asking for u.s help against a phantom enemy and germany is sucking their cocks for export business . 
  uk ignored it because u.s pay for the technology we use to do the same thing , same with france . 
  something tells me julian , that you can show these scrubs that the u.s is fucking their mothers , and they 'd be fine with it . 
  he said it 's permissible to have sex slaves in islam . 
  it * is * permissible to have sex slaves in islam . 
  i do n't get what the story is here . 
  we have reached a time where it 's the governments that are the holdng the press to accountability . 
  god modern day journalism is an embarrassment . 
  nah i did n't mean nato . 
  it 's ok . 
  seems i was wrong . 
  my impression came from my french friends , i always like to speak from experience but in this case my experience was just that , personal experience , not indicative of anything outside . 
  the french do clearly hate us , probably more than most . 
  after a bit of research that 's clear . 
  i think i just happened to be lucky and find some nice french friends that skewed my opinion . 
  england is one country . 
  voting in one country . 
  eu is 28 countries . 
  england is 100 % represented in england . 
  nice try , terrible execution . 
  so the eu is n't all equal .
