  i think 16 is fair , lower is a bit much . 
  scotland had it at 16 in their independence referendum . 
  it 's a question that needs to be asked but why should i be asking it ? 
  i 'm 30 in november . 
  maybe the teens this age do n't actually care that much and i 'm wrong that they do . 
  ugh , what a clown . 
  it was a comment . 
  you started the conversation . 
  good call . 
  i agree . 
  the conversation started with total shit . 
  i 'd have shared your view a year ago . 
  since then i 've learned age is not necessarily an indicator of intelligence . 
  ( that was a hard lesson for me to learn , believe me ) but here 's the thing . 
  pensioners are n't known to be the most mentally stable people best at decision making . 
  thats a fact . 
  so where do we start the discrimination and where do we end it ? 
  i know mate . 
  all i can say is that i 'm sorry . 
  i feel bad for you . 
  it must be horrible to be disenfranchised like that . 
  i 'm hoping that one day a smart , young lady or gentleman will challenge this legally . 
  it 's discrimination . 
  and if we can discriminate against the young , we should be able to discriminate against the old . 
  so we 're taking 4 year olds as the example you 're going to use in your argument . 
  it 's ok , i did n't expect anything sensible . 
  fact is . 
  hundreds of thousands of intelligent , well informed and eager people were refused a say on their future because of their age . 
  some of them by hours . 
  but we 'll just ignore all that ` cos you can bring up a 4 year old . 
  you fucking people . 
  * smh *, 
  i reckon your idea would be a logistical nightmare but seems like younger generations would jump at the chance to be represented more . 
  i am so angry right now that the older generations have screwed the under 40 's for decades to come . 
  last week i would have thought the idea of anyone under 18 voting silly , but now ... well , they ca n't be any dumber than the the people currently eligible . 
  did you hear those people from barnsley in a post on this sub today ? 
  little mongoloids going on about immigration and nothing else . 
  they get to decide my future ? 
  whilst saying a 16 year old on his way to oxford in a couple of years ca n't vote ? 
  sick . 
  i 'm afraid people being stupid morons is not and can not ever be , the responsibility of government . 
  i do however believe that media companies should be sued for lies . 
  by the government . 
  regulation , not censorship . 
  i see you missed the point of the comment completely . 
  i reckon if you did a little jump , you might have been able to catch it.in fact , you could have used some of that snark and might have had a bit more energy for the jump , y' know , so the comment did n't fly waaaaaay over your head . 
  i said exactly what you said . 
  why does a section of the population not have a vote when another does ? 
  so take your snark , and learn to focus it on not being a complete simpleton that ca n't read subtext . 
  well i suppose like every younger generation in history , they 're the saviours of the world , everyone before them was old fashioned and stupid and they are the future so we have to listen to everything they say . 
  they 'll find an excuse . 
  40 % of them didnt vote but they 'll find a way for it not to be their fault . 
  amazing how you ca n't vote when your 16 , as you 're just shaping your idea 's of the world and is a really good time to vote ... . . but you can vote when you 're 70 even though you 're senile , blind , deaf and your vote only matters until you die which wo n't be very long , whilst the youth have to live with the decision . 
  they should either scrap the lower age limit and everyone can vote or they should enforce an upper age limit . 
  well , come on man , it 's trump v clinton . 
  the devil v charlie chaplin . 
  it 's not a hard assumption to make . 
  i did n't say that anywhere in my comment . 
  those banks also invest outside of london . 
  you have no industry . 
  name me a country that survived on banking alone ( switzerland and luxembourg are tax havens , so thats a no go for you ) . 
  if you think london can go it all alone you keep thinking that . 
  i 'd love to see it . 
  11 million people crammed in to a tiny area ( lets not forget most people that work in london travel from outside ) with no industry , houses at # 500,000 for a 2 bedroom semi . 
  you lose gatwick and stansted of course . 
  heathrow ca n't handle the freight traffic which is why most of it goes through there . 
  that might change though , as there would be a drastic drop in passenger services so they could probably free some space up for freight . 
  which will be handy for the masses of imports you would need . 
  oh and the pollution is already out of control . 
  you can keep that . 
  oh and one thing the stuck up buggers seem to forget ... ... ... the rest of the uk grows your food . 
  it 's a stupid idea . 
  which is why i havent seen anyone over the age of 25 advocate for it . 
  just silly millennials with their silly idea 's living in their own silly little world . 
  bribe money . 
  they 'll find it if it means prying scotland away . 
  she 's a nationalist . 
  the scots can sugar coat it all they want . 
  she 's a racist nationalist and anyone with half a brain cell realises she 's on a level with nick griffin . 
  just so happens that the eu currently fits in with her nationalist agenda . 
  and what will they be investing in exactly ? 
  in an independent london ? 
  which has very little industry . 
  will they just branch out in to uk and suck all the money back in to london ? 
  oh ... ... like now . 
  yeah , i do n't think we 'll allow that to happen . 
  the only people that would benefit from an actual independent london are the people that are rich enough to just leave and move to new york or frankfurt anyway . 
  how much benefit do you think regular londoners are going to get from investment banking ? 
  come on mate , wake up . 
  * facepalm * london companies produce more per capita . 
  unfortunately it 's only their hq thats in london . 
  the rest of the uk is where the work is done . 
  oh and what will your banks be worth after losing 54 million of the people that use them ? 
  londoners have always been on a different planet to the rest of the uk , no surprise to see that hasnt changed overnight . 
  jesus how stupid can you get . 
  all these stuck up wankers work in offices in london.bankers , secretary 's , auditors , businessmen . 
  they 're so up their own arses they do n't realise all that money flows in to london from the rest of the uk , y' know , where the work is actually done . 
  so the silly fucking idiot at his desk in london tweeting to break away from the factory in stockton or nuneaton that makes his money ? 
  londoners have always been in an alternate reality . 
  we 've left , it sucks , let 's think of something pro-active and tangible to do about it eh ?
