  that 's a different graph than the previous one . 
  '' shit , he 's right , better find one that suits my argument , hmmm , the guardian might have one '' do you have trouble with consistency ? 
  telling the truth ? 
  edit : no , nope . 
  i cracked it . 
  you 're adding in the multitude of first generation african and asian kids are n't you ? 
  and calling them english . 
  very clever ... you slimy bastard you . 
   the people i work with ? 
  the guys behind the counter at this coffee shop ? 
  so , when you said * that * i thought they were one and the same . 
  so , i 'd apologise but i do n't like you . 
  i did n't judge any right of anyone to live anywhere . 
  i said put the jar in a place where english people live . 
  stop changing the argument to fit your narrative . 
  ( a narrative of everyone is racist , jeez , never seen * that * cliche before . ), 
  oh and , not to knock the snark out of you but , both articles * still * show an english minority which is * still * what i said . 
  is there a t in there somewhere ? 
  ah well , you get the point . 
  from one of the links . 
  the other link says 37 % so which is it ? 
  and how is stating a fact racist you absolute mongoloid . 
  on top of that both figures show a minority , which is what i said ... god you 're shit at this . 
  getting insulted by a kid that works in a cafe is ... ... well ... ... funny more than insulting . 
  i mean ... i do n't even have to insult you back . 
  you called me racist even though 15 % of the white people in your little diagram arent included in what i said . 
  does social justice make you blind and stupid ? 
  or were you one or the other beforehand ? 
  or both ? 
  depends if france , poland and hungary leave soon afterwards . 
  listen to this op wanker . 
  '' if britain leaves we do n't have to listen to their concerns anymore . 
  i 'm so sick of britain having an * actual * say in the union they 're in . '', 
  what a clown . 
  haha . 
  * facepalm * terrible effort bild . 
  just shameful . 
  whoa !, 
  sweden grew a vertebrae . 
  if it grows a few more it might end up with a backbone . 
  careful sweden . 
  why did you post two articles reinforcing my point ? 
  was that you conceding ? 
   no i do n't know the point your making still boring . 
  come on , you 're not this dumb . 
  shit game . 
  london is minority english . 
  but then as someone mentioned , hipster kids from shoreditch have probably been protected from reality . 
  ugh , i told you this game would be boring . 
  you know the point i was trying to make . 
  not my problem if sarcasm and hyperbole are over your head . 
  i say you have to live in it to have a say about it . 
  he does n't . 
  so he can shut up . 
  bet the disingenuous fraud votes in the referendum as well . 
  he should n't be allowed . 
  well done . 
  there 's one . 
  now find me 3 more . 
  you know exactly what i 'm saying . 
  we can play a game with it if you want but it 's a bit boring . 
  and shoreditch is a district not a city or a town . 
  couldnt say ` district of london where english people live ' ... ... because there is n't one , 
  where have you been the last few years ? 
  the u.s has been doing * literally * that with the current ukranian government . 
  so should they distance themselves from u.s as well ? 
  now put the same two glasses and the same sign in a town where english people live . 
  you already made your brexit . 
  no , why would i pay # 9,000 a term to study guessing ? 
  pure lazy bastards . 
  i have , at a party once . 
  i did n't react ... ... until she spoke . 
  i 'm not sure if i laughed out loud for half an hour or 45 minutes but i do know she left shortly afterwards . 
  we 're a bunch of pussy liberals that has handed society over to a bleeding heart , feckless underclass . 
  exhibit # 1 an extremist , terrorist sympathising marxist that believes in segregation ( as confused as they come ) is leader of the traditional working class party . 
  well that 's a whoooooole other conversation . 
  i think that , yeah , we do have enough people . 
  however , once you take away the feckless lazy bastards , of whom they 're are many , we do n't . 
  we have unreliable employees . 
  our construction companies have pretty much abandoned the british worker , ` cos unions are awesome , did those workers a real solid did n't they ? 
  how can we seriously employ someone thats been on the sick for 8 months because of ` stress ' ? 
  fuck off , we 're all stressed . 
  we have an entitled disabled in this country . 
  it 's like a whole protected class . 
  ( oooooh , he 's going after the disabled , what a monster ) '' how about we assess the disabled and find them jobs they * can * do . 
  just because you 're disabled in one area does n't mean you ca n't make important contributions in others '' '' booooo , you 're attacking the most vulnerable in society , you 're murdering the disabled '' lazy bastards ( i understand not all ) . 
  you do n't even need a real illness . 
  i actually know a bloke that 's been on benefits for 10 years ` cos he says he 's got a bad back . 
  doctors do n't know what 's wrong with him . 
  he 's had scans , everything , for a decade now . 
  doctors can not figure out what it is . 
  they 've even told them they cant find anything wrong and he 's argued with them . 
  but he says he 's got a bad back . 
  so that 's enough . 
  he gets a bungalow and weekly benefits , just on his word . 
  add to that our fine collection of druggies , alcoholics and general wasters . 
  oh and our new generation of adults that are in university right now that care more about getting their hair the right shade of purple so as to not culturally appropriate some obscure amazonian tribe , and staging protests against a fucking building name over doing anything actually productive for society . 
  so yeah , we 've got enough people , but look at our people . 
  this story obviously takes place after a potential leave vote , when we will drop from 5th overnight based on currency markets alone . 
  japan has enough people .
