  oh and we 'll be sending our butchers to jutland to claim our quota of the pig farming industry . 
  but us giving up our fish isnt ? 
  hypocrites, 
  yeah . 
  that makes it all good then . 
  the whole of europe can come in to the biggest maritime economic zone in all of europe and steal our sustinence ... . but its ok because uk fisgerman can fish off the shores of estonia if they want to . 
  do people think about anyone other than themselves when they open their mouths ? 
  just wait a few months until el diabla is president . 
  clinton organised the mass killing of her own people to cover up her warmongering in libya . 
  give it a year or two and that bitch will get her way . 
  clinton will destroy europe . 
  she just sees us as a shield . 
  a noble trade if ever there was one eh ? 
  there are no free benefits . 
  someone paid for it . 
  what are you on about ? 
  arrogance in the face of loss ? 
  what have i lost ? 
  funny how you concentrate on the african bit when the african part of the sentence was secondary . 
  the point was if someone cant read can get a visa so can i. african . 
  asian . 
  whatever . 
  so you can pull this leftist bullshit tactic out your throat and push it up your arse . 
  and why would i get deported from anywhere with a visa . 
  whats being white got to do with it ? 
  go to tumblr with that bullshit . 
  you 'll get a better response . 
  your whole comment is a mess . 
  well you 're right about the second part . 
  im not sure neo nazis in hungary have much of an impact on the rest of europe though . 
  just cos you cant wrap your head around picking the facts instead of picking a side doesnt mean im here to shit stir . 
  i voted to remain in eu . 
  i have lots of problems with eu and see benefits in leaving . 
  a contradictory view ... if you 're simple . 
  my global ambitions are to provide for me and my family and see as much of the world as i can . 
  currently in sardinia . 
  i wont be affected if we leave . 
  only a moron cant fill out a visa . 
  if africans that camt even read can manage it im sure i 'll be fine . 
  yeah but thats only for people with braincells to know . 
  so about 12 . 
  has the past week not taught you anything about the publics reality and actual reality ? 
  i got your point . 
  i dont agree with it . 
  uh-huh . 
  lot of global fuss being made for just a spot on the map . 
  i also think it heightens suspicions of the easily led . 
  legislation does more harm than good . 
  we 're not . 
  read my comment again . 
  it says anymore . 
  im of the opinion that admission is irrelevant . 
  do you think all the orphans , widows and grieving parents care who owned up ? 
  '' we admit our lies . 
  you 're a putinbot ! '', 
  how boring . 
  ok to murder babies if you admit it afterwards . 
  got it , now wheres my m16 . 
  guardian . 
  i already forgot what you wrote . 
  i like how uk isnt americas bitch in europe anymore . 
  thanks germany . 
  so its not women getting raped in the street in germany thats causing neo nazism ? 
  its not the fact fritz in salzburg dorsnt know his neighbours anymore because he cant speak arabic or swahili ? 
  its not entire communities destroyed and are now no go areas in london and surrounding areas ? 
  couldnt be swedes being stabbed in the street at the rate a fiat comes of the production line ? 
  no , putin is planting them . 
  thats your final answer ? 
  lord give me strength , a new level of stupid . 
  number 2 . 
  they got caught . 
  thats why no one denies wmds was a bare faced lie . 
  if they never were caught we still wouldnt know . 
  do n't be so bloody naive . 
  you 're all lying scum . 
  some are just better at it than others . 
  i have never met one person in my life thst can just tell the bloody truth . 
  do you feel the same about criminalisation of holocaust denial ? 
  a lot of people share the same view as you ( and i ) * except * when it comes to the holocaust . 
  very hypocritical of them . 
  pffft , same thing to us . 
  now you get it ( further integration ) . 
  and we 'll still be richer than most of it ( europe ) . 
  this is starting to look win/win is n't it ? 
  well the idea that the eu would stop further integration and we 'd have a veto was one of the reason 's i voted remain . 
  looks like both sides told a few lies . 
  if that 's what you want then fair enough , you 'll probably get it . 
  good luck to you . 
  we 'll be poorer than germany , france and denmark , but still do better than everyone else . 
  that 's fine with me . 
  and no apocalypse . 
  how disappointing . 
  and you 'll struggle without the whole thing . 
  we 're all fucked . 
  you 'll just recover a year or two quicker than us . 
  i can live with that . 
  unless you 've got any more future predictions ? 
  seeing as you seem to be confident you 're that good at it . 
  also , no matter how badly we do , we 'll only ever be poorer than france and germany , maybe scandinavia . 
  we 'll still be better off than around 20 countries in europe .
