  let those without sin cast the first stone . 
  it 's actually german weapons that the terrorists are getting their hands on currently but you wo n't be hearing anything about that in this sub . 
  all of it hopefully . 
  then w can draw up a proper one . 
  let 's be honest , the european hra is a total farce . 
  at the end of every article it practically says '' unless it 's against the laws of the country you live in '' one example : article 2 - the right for life - the right to preserve life , - take life to preserve life ... ... ... unless it 's a state execution . 
  and just one more so i don ; t go through the whole convention : article 8 - right to respect for private and family life . 
   there shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this right except such as is in accordance with the law again . 
  here are your rights , as long as there are no other laws that dismiss these rights . 
  in summary , these right do n't mean shit . 
  i 'm all for human rights laws if they are n't a pointless pathetic attempt like the echr . 
  '' a united , more integrated europe ... ... ... unless you need help then fuck off , you can go it alone '', 
  i 'm sure 10 times more brits were beaten in that same hour across the country . 
  fuck off with this xenophobia bullshit . 
  there 's 800,000 poles here , they are n't immune to crime . 
  well , here 's hoping trump wins . 
  german elections do n't really matter as the elite political establishment has fixed it so if anyone challenges their gravy train they 'll just make a coalition to push them out . 
  800,000 poles in uk . 
  what you think poles are immune to criminals ? 
  if there wasn ; t so many of you can call it a hate crime . 
  but there is , your numbers mean you 'll be victims of crime . 
  you are n't targeted , you 're just there and thats your choice . 
  brits , asians , bloody everyone in uk is a victim of crime . 
  if only we could pull the hate crime bullshit to attract more attention , but we ca n't ` cos when there hundreds of thousands of fucking people , you can ; t call everything you do n't like hate crime . 
  you can try and push the leftists hate crime bullshit but anyone that was born with eyes and have had access to brain cells for the past few years can see right through this bullshit media narrative . 
  and polish men !, 
  i expect better from you . 
  i thought poles were tough . 
  you pussies . 
  '' ooooh , i got mugged , it was a hate crime , cry cry cry '' awh you poor little snowflakes . 
  they 're exactly the brand of terrorists he said . 
  russia were always there for the fsa , he just called them terrorists instead of rebels so cnn , bbc and spiegel got their little heads confused . 
  still fighting terrorists . 
   you are not the only one to react like that to my comment . 
  no i was n't . 
  first reply called out guardian as well . 
  guardian is a farce . 
  i 'm just curious as to how anyone can think it 's surprising they editorialised . 
  not surprising at all , which is why i was n't sure if you were joking or not . 
   the title seems a bit editorialized , which is surprising coming from reuters and the guardian . 
  was that a joke ? 
  mi6 is smart , 
  eastern bloc wants the soviet union back without the soviets . 
  because nsa , kgb and mossad are all buying our stuff as well . 
  there is no competition . 
  we are the best . 
  no one even tries to compete. , not even u.s. 
  it 's pretty funny when you think about it . 
  almost every country in the world is spying on each other , and they 're all using our equipment to do it . 
  * the * best money can buy . 
  the americans are our buyers when it comes to this tech . 
  that 's because we have the best electronic surveillance in the world by a long , long way . 
  even u.s buys from us in this sector . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  germany make the best guns . 
  that 's why half the middle east are running around slaughtering each other with german weapons . 
  do n't see why we should have standards in who we do business with , nobody else has . 
  so does france just want to kill the internet altogether or ... ... ? 
  up your game . 
  * sigh * well you have to attack something at this point do n't you . 
  you 've come too far to not be right eh ? 
  right . 
  good summary i 'd say , is it not ? 
  sorry , did you require the 7,000 page essay ? 
  it 's a pretty complicated place . 
  as i said . 
  you do n't know what my understanding of ireland is , and can never possibly , based on like 11 words . 
  muslims wanted to take over europe . 
  you gon na base my whole understanding of the crusades based on those 6 words ? 
  russia and usa don ; t like each other . 
  you gon na assume my whole understanding of the cold war based on those 6 words ? 
  come off it will ya . 
  another one that concentrates more on what a person does n't say than what they did . 
  look in recent post history for how seriously i take these people . 
  i ca n't be arsed to explain it again . 
  you do n't know what my understanding of ireland is . 
  yeah but then i need to extend the driveway by a couple of kilometres and fuel 's a killer . 
  i reckon if a tank does n't help me then nothing will . 
  we are literally the only country in europe that are n't in the anti-russia circle jerk ... . . propagated by the u.s. 
  '' yeah , mate just a second . 
  can you put that knife down while i just give the police a quick ring '' and i 'm the nutjob ? 
  clown . 
  3d printer . 
  or just go to one of the old soviet countries and pick one up on the side of the road . 
  we 're not even allowed them . 
  a peashooter is an offensive weapon . 
  actually , i think i 'm barking up the wrong tree here . 
  what 's the point in having a gun if we 're not allowed to protect ourselves ? 
  should start off by being allowed to defend ourselves and our homes first then we can move on to how . 
  you 're good at your job i 'll give you that . 
  well now you 've mentioned it ... i am . 
  i want a tank !, 
  put it in the driveway . 
  yeah section 1 blahdy blah licence , that one . 
  just became a farmer . 
  need it . 
  honest  how is it down in gchq ? 
  did you track me back through these vpn 's ? 
   a government tries to protect it 's citizens but sometimes a citizen is killed anyway . 
  conclusion : the government ca n't protect it 's citizens .
