  no , i know . 
  but ... . y' know . 
  obviously he 's quite a clever chap . 
  europe has n't really been invaded up until now . 
  europeans just fought with each other , maybe we needed an invader , we were obviously bored . 
  ottomans tried and failed , that 's about it . 
  statistics say it 's possible . 
  pew research says the displacement rate will stop in 2030 . 
  i 'd love to know how they guessed that . 
  how 's it just gon na stop ? 
  as i say i might be wrong but i do n't think it 's dumb given the statistics . 
  i know , just having a bit of a joke and giving some love to the austrians , 
  50 years is a long time . 
  the displacement rate is alarming . 
  i did say 50 years . 
  that 's a long way away . 
  not going to happen overnight . 
  actually probably not gon na happen in 50 years . 
  at the current displacement rate it 'll be about 90-100 from now . 
  we 'll see in 50 years who 's dumb . 
  there were a lot of people called dumb as early as 15 years ago about islamic movement in to europe . 
  do n't look so dumb anymore do they ? 
  the people that called them dumb look stupid as fuck now though . 
  remember that when you do it yourself . 
  important thing is it did n't suck when it mattered . 
  it 's thanks to the austrians that the ottomans had to stop in the balkans . 
  let 's just hope it does n't happen again . 
  might need back up from hungary . 
  well , they wo n't be as bad as what 's going to replace them . 
  exactly . 
  in 50 years when europe is majority muslim and our wives are getting beat up in the street for wearing a v-neck it 's poles , brits , what 's left of germans , the baltics , hungary etc. ... that will have to band together . 
  let the russians have them . 
  i wo n't be bent over a barrel by an insane islamist . 
  that 's actually a very good point . 
  i 've been watching france closely . 
  it 's a delicate situation it seems , obviously you know more than me . 
  nothing would make me happier than if france joined us in leaving . 
  too beautiful not to reply to this . 
  reddit in a nutshell . 
  silly leftist toddler throw around words he think will mute disagreement . 
  am i a racist and sexist as well you bloody cartoon character . 
  look back at my post history . 
  i am and ardent supporter of israel and the jewish culture and religion . 
  do n't try to be smart . 
  it does n't suit you . 
  sooooo , join forces and save the world ? ... ... ... again . 
  kids like ` was n't me ', 
   literally do n't know what it is about them . 
  but mental health is obviously a big issue within the communities same problem that we 've failed to address or just plain been in denial of for 200/300 years now . 
  you 'd best get united then . 
  oh look , the guardian wants people to get money for nothing . 
  how surprising . 
  dumbasses do n't know what semitic means . 
  guardian . 
  good stuff . 
  let 's give him # 3billion and beg him to join the eu . 
  they 're finding nicer and nicer ways of saying ` muslim ', 
  this is ok . 
  they hired the place . 
  good idea actually . 
  assimilate or be charged to practice your abuse of women in public places . 
  at least it costs them . 
  in uk they can abuse women for free !, 
  are you from ... . . salzburg ? 
  i do n't expect someone from somewhere that wishes they were something else to understand  oh and ... your next government is going to be rather to the right are n't they ? 
  look 's like this little von trapp is in the minority eh ? 
  maybe you can escape across the alps . 
  our own currency ? 
  knowing who 's entered the country ? 
  creating our own laws and regulations ? 
  literally ... ... ... hitler . 
  except on the 23rd june , 
  he 's a flid for commenting on something he knows fuck all about that he read on his internets and you 're not covering yourself in glory doing the same back . 
  you 're both idiots . 
  there . 
  that 's that settled, 
  ironic coming from the most partisan newspaper in the western world . 
  they did . 
  keep up . 
  i know . 
  haha . 
  the depressing thing is most british kids do n't get that joke . 
  they moved kiev to egypt ? 
  i take it you 're still at some stage in the middle of that process . 
  happens to everyone . 
  my recommendation is haapsalu . 
  i can also use my freedom of movement as someone that has legs to holiday there : /, 
  no , you explained nothing . 
  you had a little rant about the disabled and people with kids and some other irrelevant , agenda driven shite . 
  self awareness = 0 . 
  still unaware that the program discussed is only for long term jsa claimants , even aftre being told twice . 
  we 'll just ignore that bit will we ? 
  seeing as you 'd have to make up an entirely new ideologically driven rant . 
  yeah . 
  why do n't they ? 
  good question . 
  you know this article was about long term jsa claimants . 
  that 's how you 're morally redundant . 
  you changed the argument then went on to call me names like a schoolboy . 
  not to mention you find it ok for hard working people to pay for scroungers .
