  a-ha !, 
  the common market does n't have a common tax rate . 
  '' here 's vot ve 'll do gentlemen . 
  ve vill create a common market , and join together to create an economy vere ve can all get rich !, 
  and zen ve vill compete against each ozer !, 
  ve vill call it , zee eu ! '', 
  pat yourselves on the back gents . 
  golden . 
  oh what a comedy . 
  but then who will i buy my wooden rackets , cheap sunglasses and volleyballs off at the beach ? 
  no they 're not , 
  sorry fishy nic , but they are bargaining chips . 
  just like our nationals are bargaining chips for the eu . 
  now kindly fuck your bigoted arse off back to nowhere for a few weeks until we need some more stupid comments . 
  ok , it was just an off the cuff joke , but i 'll have to address your reply . 
   most in the world have benefited . 
  thats very vague . 
   the western working class and lower middle class has benefited least . 
  so everyone . 
  remember , the upper classes are a very small percentage . 
  which brings me back to  most in the world have benefited . 
  most rich people , i think you mean . 
  so everyone , haha . 
  how popular is he in russia ? 
  that i 'd like to know . 
  what 's a left-behinder ? 
  apart from a brutal savaging of the english language ? 
  your 30 !, 
  so am i , we must have had a massively different upbringing . 
  you 've proven nothing . 
  your opinion is n't proof . 
  neither is mine . 
  that 's the sort of shit i 'm talking about . 
  how can you come out with something like that when you 're 30 ? 
  how ? 
  just ... ... how ? 
  i am * not * trying to be insulting . 
  i 'm in a little bit of disbelief at how you can say these things with a straight face . 
  sorry if my disbelief comes across as insulting . 
  raising the pension age is a step to sorting out the massive pension problem we are facing . 
  why are we even arguing about that ? 
  like , it 's slam dunk . 
  it relieves pressure even if just a small amount , as i said , more needs to be done but it 's a start . 
  your examples of them doing over young people are bollocks . 
  except one , which i agree with . 
  i do n't understand why wages would be different for under 25 's . 
  that 's a legit concern . 
  all the other stuff you came out with is just cuts in funding . 
  well sorry mate but boo-bloody-hoo . 
  every demographic has had a cut in funding . 
  from toddlers to pensioners . 
  wan na talk about how labour did it 's best to destroy the british family ? 
  seeing as we 're clearly off pensions now . 
  let 's start with getting rid of married man 's tax allowance . 
  bastards . 
  the tories are trying to fix that now though . 
  or how about how they absolutely annihilated small business , and now small business hardly exists . 
  we 're only seeing now after 6 years of non-labour people doing start ups again and having success with their own small businesses . 
  all you wan na do is blame the tories for everything . 
  they 're trying to fix a lot of problems labour caused . 
  as i said , it 's not a party specific problem this country is in . 
  it 's in a generational problem caused by the boomers . 
  so what do you want ? 
  tackling costly social systems ? 
  or having more ? 
  make your mind up . 
  how 's it got nothing to do with youngsters ? 
  how is fixing a system so that future older generations ( guess who that is einstein . 
  today 's youngsters ) are n't burdened got nothing to do with the younger generations that will benefit ? 
  mate , i mean no offence , but you 're gon na have to get back to me when you 're a bit older . 
  i ca n't have a discussion with these childish replies . 
  i mean , look at yourself . 
  you think you 're the only demographic that 's had a hard time the last 8 or so years ? 
  give me a break . 
  i said what they had done to rectify it !, 
  jesus this is like talking to a brick wall . 
  what has any of the shit you just listed got to do with pensions ? 
  sort yourself out will ya . 
  when do the holidays finish ? 
  you kids are insufferable . 
  you ca n't blame a political party for a whole generations behaviour . 
  remember it was labour that kicked the shit out of young people 's inheritance for example . 
  labour that were quite happy for the boomers to do well then fuck their offspring by robbing a piss taking percentage of their inheritance . 
  tories are now trying to fix that . 
  no one can blame one political party for the boomers failings . 
  like what ? 
  yes they have . 
  they raised the pension age in their first year in power . 
  not massive , not popular , but a start and something that needed to be done . 
  one policy or idea is n't gon na fix this . 
  this is gon na take years to fix . 
  it was easily winnable . 
  the remain side just had to be open and honest and they were n't . 
  they were just as bad as the leave side . 
  lot 's of soundbites . 
  no facts . 
  you 're blaming the tories for the boomers ? 
  this pension problem started with labour . 
  and either way it 's not really a party specific problem . 
  it 's a societal problem caused by the things we 've had in place for decades .
