  i 'll say what i 've said before , i 'll support serious action to help ukraine if they go 2 full calendar months without fighting in parliament . 
  i 'd even accept february as one of those months . 
  they need all the help they can get . 
  until then , i will not support 1 single british soldier risking their life for that rabble . 
  or what you gon na do ? 
  stfu . 
  im not on russia 's side here , but nato just made us all look silly . 
  now russia can laugh , ignore us and make us look weak . 
  in most countries it seems to people that there are 4 or 5 times more than their actually is . 
  very revealing . 
  most posts everyone here makes are talking about the international level . 
  do i have a negative view of turks because of erdogan ? 
  i have a negative view of turkey though . 
  it 's not personal . 
  i did n't do shit . 
  neither did you probably . 
  unfortunately we 're talking about these things on a national/international level . 
  calm down . 
  you vote for what 's best for you and yours . 
  everyone does . 
   also , kinda weird that you 'd judge the effectiveness of policy based solely on your own , personal benefit from it . 
  not very caring of you . 
  weird ? 
  or normal and i 'm just not as fake about it ? 
  i 'm not to sure either . 
  i am pretty sure if you want to hide money london is the last place you 'd try . 
  someone will find out it 's there in an hour . 
  i used to love turkey , but i wo n't go back until secularists are back in government . 
  how can you have let erdogan give you such a poor reputation ? 
  what have you done ? 
  amazing . 
  muslim becomes mayor . 
  not a month later said mayor bans normal pictures of perfectly healthy women . 
  but do n't worry , islam is n't taking over . 
  it * totally * integrated . 
  i did n't vote for the scum that does n't work for our benefit . 
  cameron or tusk . 
  oh no wait . 
  i did vote for cameron . 
  and my taxes are lower and my wages higher whilst the economy i live in has recovered impressively and my house is worth 20 % more now than when i bought it in ' 09 . 
  so looks like tusk 's the only one i did n't vote for . 
  and cameron made me around $ 40,000 in 6 years all things added up . 
  t-minus 9 days , and my vote gets swung again . 
  thanks for that comment . 
  made me think . 
  i 'll be honest . 
  if the armenians , syrians , greeks and kurds and anyone else you 've tried to historically eradicate gang up on you , i wo n't be at any anti war protests in trafalgar square . 
  yeah let 's let jess phillips and jeremy corbyn speak for us instead . 
  suuuuuuuure . 
  obviously putin trained and briefed these hooligans himself . 
  oh and i heard lavrov was seen eating babies in bordeaux . 
  sad how it 's fifa that raised my awareness of swiss global corruption and not the millions they keep hidden in their banks for terrorists , warlords and dictators . 
  i 'm watching you switzerland . 
  you 've managed to fly under the radar so far but i 'm not fooled . 
  may 2016 : turkey realises no one wants them anywhere near the eu . 
  june 2016 : turkey wants to be friends with russia again . 
  yeah man . 
  you * completely * got away with ww1 . 
  i never really thought about that before . 
  how the hell did you manage it ? 
  you were complicit in ww2 and no one mentions that either . 
  austria must have some amazing diplomats . 
  here mate , you wan na play that game ? 
  haiti is a shithole , the francosphere has caused poverty . 
  oh and vietnam ... yeah the francosphere loves communism . 
  brazil is the murder capital of the world . 
  the lusosphere promotes murder . 
  mexico is the single biggest transport country for drugs in the world . 
  the hispanosphere are heroin addicts . 
  you plonker . 
  fight lies with lies ? 
  is that a valid approach ? 
  this whole things a farce wrapped in bullshit . 
  blah blah blah , fuck attention seekers . 
  that was the jist of it . 
  people * can * wear what they want . 
  and i can laugh at who i want . 
  these people want freedom for * them * . 
  i do n't give a shit what people wear . 
  i wish they 'd listen to that more than anyone else . 
  i do n't fucking care if you 're a weirdo , stop having marches , stop trying to curtail opinions to the contrary and fuck off with your mental illnesses you try and cover with pseudo science . 
  every cunts an attention seeker . 
  and the kicker ... they actually think it 's about the skirts . 
  that 's how up their own arse they are . 
  because if they acknowledged the fact no one gives a shit , then their cries for attention are invalid . 
  leave him , it 's not his fault . 
  crying about every single thing a russian says or does is like a rite of passage in this sub . 
  does n't hold a flame to sweden . 
  uk is a mess . 
  who 's fault is it then ? 
  icelands ? 
  no , its the fault of the brits . 
  so you should be bloody generalizing , it 's nobody elses fault is it ? 
  look at what they let their country turn in to . 
  well for a swede , when it comes to bending over backwards for muslims , enough is never enough . 
  i thought that was a swedish flag for a second there . 
  thought your comment was a bit sensible . 
  all became clear after hovering over it . 
  yeah i think he 's talking about what it used to be , not what it is now . 
  western civilization ?
