  it has a hierarchy based on population . 
  maltese or estonian and want to pass a law ? 
  shit outta luck if a bigger ` equal ' country disagrees with you . 
  1/8th the seats in a parliament of 28 countries . 
  wow . 
  inb4 it was russia 's fault . 
  it 's not cryptic . 
  it 's obvious . 
  it has absolutely dominated brexit discussion from your side . 
  if something so obvious is cryptic to you then ... ... well . 
  you think you hold all the cards . 
  but we have one . 
  and it 's a big one that you ca n't get past . 
  you should know what it is , it has dominated the brexit discussions from the eu side . 
  there 's something you need from us desperately , and you 've played the game badly by making it so obvious you need it . 
  any idea what it is ? 
  you should , as i say it dominates brexit discussion from the eu side . 
  you forget that germany and france did n't want us to join in the first place and france even officially vetoed it . 
  now we 're gone again you can start looking after yourselves at the expense of everyone else ... like before . 
  whilst forcing a child to be vegan is child abuse , there 's no way the loony liberal europe will allow bad parents to be punished for it . 
  we have n't been aligned with germany on most issues for about a year now . 
  not just uk news . 
  english speaking news . 
  look at whats happened since the referendum . 
  germany have tried to threaten and fuck you at every single turn . 
  italy and spain have been threatened , now poland and hungary . 
  germany know they run the show now . 
  good luck . 
  '' do as we say or we 'll ruin you '' germany runs the show now . 
  get used to it . 
  a broadcasting award ? 
  come on . 
  if you 're still perplexed by how modern media works then i do n't know what to do for you . 
  i think she was trying to be more specific but bottled it . 
  hungarians like us too i think . 
  it 's a complicated relationship . 
  we hate them too . 
  but touch them and we 'll fuck you up . 
  vis-a-vis france . 
  at least is used to be . 
  israel have offered peace proposals more than once . 
  i 'm not jumping on the anti-israel bandwagon when everyone that 's on it has n't got a clue what goes on there . 
  they just know it 's trendy to be anti-israel . 
  is n't that everyone 's one goal ? 
  yeah . 
  a car bomb every 6 years . 
  hamas have got some stiff competition . 
  try ; keep calm and carry on , 
  what mess ? 
  i think you mean situation . 
  people did n't buy as much shit in june . 
  the pound dropped 0.10 points . 
  whoa !, 
  crisis !, 
  i said france hate us . 
  le pen does outwardly appear to like us . 
  that 's where we are in the conversation remember ? 
  you were telling me how she actually feels and how she 's a part of russia 's one goal . 
  you 're not doing well here . 
  you just wan na tell me what russia 's one goal is or are we moving away from that for childish games ? 
  ok , so you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  glad we got to the bottom of that . 
  i 'm not playing games . 
  i do n't think france will leave . 
  i 'm euro-sceptic that voted to remain . 
  i know what you mean . 
  we are just talking about a hypothetically possible situation with le pen . 
  that 's why i mentioned le pen . 
  without the fn none of this is relevant . 
  well what does it mater what i think ? 
  you seem to 100 % know . 
  why do n't you just tell me ? 
  no reason for me to speculate when you could educate ay ? 
  so , come on , educate me . 
  what is russia 's one goal ? 
  i know . 
  that 's why i said '' as irish you should know that '' oh , i know what you 're trying to do . 
  haha . 
  would you like to get in to a discussion about funding ? 
  really ? 
  you 've used your two examples , now i 'll do mine ... ... give me two hours , gon na take a while , haha . 
  oh definitely . 
  the deficit is massive . 
  but we 're talking about le pen and a france outside of the eu . 
  i do n't see how another nation leaving ( especially a big one like france ) does n't help us with that leverage . 
  i do n't see how they will never be an ally when they 've been an ally for more than 100 years and could hypothetically be in a very similar political and economic situation to us . 
  i think cutiegirl up there just wanted to have a pop . 
  as i said , name checks out . 
  yes , i know . 
  i 'm asking about how this makes le pen want uk to fail , even though she wants to go exactly the same route with france . 
  you specifically said le pen is happy to see us leave because it hurts us . 
  the logic does n't make sense if she wants to do the same . 
  one goal . 
  what 's that then ? 
  le pen wants to leave . 
  so , she likes that we did exactly what she wants to do because it hurts us ? 
  i have to say i 'm confused by your logic at this point . 
  you 're right about trump and putin , but it 's unrelated to le pen . 
  haha , no worries . 
  yeah , i agree .
