  china gave us the wheel . 
  western europe gave us exploration , central europe gave us art . 
  america gave us toasters that imprint the green bay packers logo on to bread . 
  that sounds a lot like ... ` we 're not sure . 
  hmmmm . 
  do i believe the guardian or european politicians ? 
  this is a tough one . 
  '' ok ukraine , i 'm going to fix you like i fixed poland . 
  just follow this one piece of advice ... ... . move to the uk . '', 
  people are just dumber so it seems harder . 
  i hesitate to state the real reason ` cos it 's obvious but people do n't like it . 
  the reason is the americanization of our society . 
  fair point . 
  i do n't see ukraine moving forward though . 
  for this to happen they must accept that not all of their problems are russias fault ( although some are ) and take responsibility . 
  are they even close to doing that ? 
  i hope this dam is more reliable than a fiat . 
  shit . 
  well , that 's us going the way of the u.s university system . 
  get ready for some changes . 
  i give it a decade before we 're mentioned in the same conversations as sweden . 
  does this mean we 're all good for when amsterdam sinks ? 
   and functioning ukraine is good for eu , because we do n't need more refugees and fights on borders . 
  i agree , however ...  it 's just visa free travel , not a eu membership . 
  not so high price in exchange for ukraine adopting eu law system . 
  it should be the other way around . 
  they should behave themselves to get in , not get in as a bribe to behave themselves . 
  the absolute massacring of intelligence and education in western europe really is being ignored . 
  good . 
  send them back to the stone age . 
  or ` home ' as they like to call it . 
  that country man . 
  do their politicians deny the holocaust too ? 
  i would n't be surprised . 
  off the deep end . 
  sweden is lost . 
  shame , i used to like it there . 
  fuck off le pen . 
  none of your business . 
  no , no and no . 
  we 're welcoming failed states now ? 
  ridiculous . 
  have you * seen * these people try at politics ? 
  here 's what the deal should be : we 'll consider it if you can go a full 2 weeks without fighting in parliament . 
  smh . 
  you wan na see the state of the youth in britain . 
  we made the exams easier though . 
  so now instead of everyone being stupid they 're all really clever ... ... ... ... . on paper . 
  this is the behaviour that will end european culture . 
  '' oh a mass murderer and terrorist , must make sure he 's comfortable '' incredible . 
  if the eu makes it law for businesses to pay tax in all countries in the union that they make profit i 'm swinging to an in vote . 
  shame the eu wo n't follow through on that . 
   the uk wo n't move a millimeter from where it lies now we 're moving away from the mainland at around 2cm per year . 
  like when the irish voted against the lisbon treaty so they ratified it anyway and made them vote again . 
  i 'm still undecided leaning towards out but probably wo n't vote anyway as it 's gon na be corrupt as fuck . 
  i always find the treatment of poland during ww2 quite bizarre . 
  we started the war to protect them from nazis and ended it by giving them to communists . 
  was n't the whole point of ww2 to stop idealist expansion ? 
  that moment you realize ww2 was all a farce . 
  your regular hard working person on the street does n't trust any of the people or organizations that support staying . 
  politicians ? 
  who trusts them ? 
  banks ? 
  yeah ... erm ... ha . 
  the businesses that do n't pay tax ? 
  the business leaders that pay themselves millions but ca n't pay their workers a decent wage . 
  economists that encouraged them to buy that house with an amazing variable rate ? 
  but pete down the red lion , he 's a smart bloke . 
  more likely to listen to him than them . 
  that 's not how i see it , im just trying to help you with how you find it bizarre . 
  you should n't . 
  it 's very easy to understand . 
  he 's right . 
  they 're even nice to us and we spent centuries murdering them . 
   below replacement fertility rates , late child bearing , unmarried and childless women who want to be married and have children , gendered child custody arrangements after relationship breakdown wtf has any of that got to do with equality ? 
  except for the custody of kids in divorce which heavily favours women . 
   i am dismayed that women and girls in germany are back talking about personal security and being forced to change their behaviour to be safe from sexual harassment and rape . 
  maybe the girls in germany have been let down . 
  we all know how but let 's keep that hush hush eh ? 
  oh so you 're stupid if you 're an arsehole or believe in god now . 
  great criteria . 
  you 're * definitely * someone to be taken seriously . 
  * education doesnt always prevent stupidity * that 's what stupid people without an education say . 
  makes them feel better . 
  they 're lying to themselves but the feels stay intact . 
  well that 's your own fault then . 
  it 's illegal in eu . 
  did you report it ? 
  why go to damascus when you can bring damascus to you . 
  just cos you wanted it to happen does n't mean it 's a conspiracy . 
  why would putin need to hide money offshore anyway ? 
  he can hide it in russia a lot easier and probably safer . 
  he controls everything . 
  and what he doesnt control he knows the guy that does . 
  oh only stupid people ? 
  really ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  like phd in law and arabic ? 
  that kind of stupid ? 
  a masters in political theory from lse ?
