  eu credit rating has been downgraded . 
  to put that in to perspective for you , you are now with uk below hong kong and liechtenstein . 
  and how much do you think it 's gon na cost you to reorganise a whole union ? 
  that 's not gon na be quick , or cost friendly . 
  but you all keep gloating at how the uk will suffer . 
  it 's cute . 
  i do n't know what will or will not happen . 
  all i know are two things . 
  eu is currently struggling whilst everyone focuses on uk struggling . 
  it 's an hilarious attempt by the media to divert attention and of course the general public ignoring reality . 
  no one knows what will truly be the end result of this . 
  but it 's cute watching this sub think they do . 
  they ca n't . 
  we 're all just acting as if the uk leaving wo n't equally devastate the eu . 
  we 're all actually ignoring that the eu is currently only a little less fucked than uk at the moment . 
  the euro is still weak whilst the dollar rises against the pound . 
  i can keep pretending . 
  it 's ok . eu will cut it 's nose off to spite it 's face . 
  i look forward to the results . 
  edit : keep those downvotes coming . 
  feeeeeed me your butthurt . 
  i love it . 
  here 's some more for you : https://next.ft.com/content/cb8bc258-4510-11e6-9b66-0712b3873ae1 mmmmmmmm , butthurt . 
  nom nom nom . 
  if you 're going to get childish and bitter i might have to start enjoying it . 
  we conquered the world . 
  the world now speaks our language . 
  you had your go at conquering the world . 
  you fucked it up ... ... twice . 
  now fuck off and shut up . 
  moving along are we ? 
  that 's ok , i would too if i were you . 
  that was shit banter . 
  did i call you a name ? 
  if you read that correctly it quite explicitly states you 're * not * a clever cunt . 
  you 're not very good at this . 
  too easy . 
  replace hitler with mugabe if you want . 
  it means the same . 
  only godwin 's law if your dumb enough to think the comment was in any way about hitler or nazi germany . 
  it was about comparing racism with ethnic hatred , but you knew that , you just wanted to be a clever cunt ... ... . it did n't work . 
  hitler , milosevic , amin , all the same to me . 
  has to be a way . 
  you 're still bumbling shit . 
  i might have to come to the conclusion that you 've got nothing in a minute . 
  i disregard it as him moving so he can keep his profits up whilst flinging this bullshit around about it being about ` voter not wanting his workers ' . 
  sure , there are other ways he will do better business in germany . 
  import/export tarriffs and easier access to cheap labour . 
  i should have used other examples of ways he will do better business , fair enough . 
  my main point being this guy is full of shit . 
  reply to the word that are written . 
  not the one 's that are n't . 
  there is no reason to talk about values that were not even mentioned ( and values you 're wrong about ) . 
  you 're just bumbling shit now . 
  how are my values hateful ? 
  you do n't know my values . 
  how did i fit any crisis in to whatever phantom values you think i have . 
  you 're just talking shit are n't you . 
  disguised under the veil of sounding intelligent . 
  i never said that though . 
  they just happen to be there , i did n't say a word about the circumstances . 
  anyone that makes assumptions and adds words to things that are n't there to fit an agenda because they have nothing of any value to argue with is basically a. ... well , you said it yourself . 
  you 're trying this shit with the wrong person . 
  i 'm not greedy . 
  we 're still in the wealthiest 5 % of people in the world . 
  so our roads might look like italy 's for a while and my pringles will cost 20p more . 
  oh ... how utterly devastating . 
  i must write a letter of solidarity to haiti . 
  or put fishing and agriculture rules in place that wastes enough food to actually feed africa . 
  and government policy . 
  no , i 'm asking if it 's legal for ireland to negotiate individually . 
  i assume not but it 's just a question . 
  eastern europe moved to germany ( along with syria ) so that 's not a problem . 
  minimum wage is only a factor if you can find workers to work for it . 
  minimum wage was just a thing that was there as a safety net before all the immigrants came , wages were always higher than minimum . 
  now it 's the entry level wage . 
  well you think you can say we 've got all this hate bottled up because of 4 or 5 rare incidents . 
  just playing the game using your own rules . 
  we have bottled up hatred and should be ashamed of our xenophobia , you ca n't protect your women and should be ashamed as men . 
  fight dumbassery with dumbassery no ? 
  just thinking if you can just take over our imports for the eu tarriff then we buy them off you for a slight markup , ireland could be one of the richest and busiest countries in europe . 
  same with our exports . 
  we can sell them to ireland on the cheap then ireland can mark it up and move it on . 
  no way eu would let you have the freedom to make your own choice though is there ? 
  i forgot who we were talking about . 
  yeah ... . it 's noticeable you got no discipline when you were a kid . 
  listen to this disingenuous prick . 
  let 's ftfy . 
  you like your cheap labour . 
  voters said they do n't want cheap labour pouring in , so you 're leaving to continue your cheap labour in germany . 
  fair enough . 
  but do n't think you can fill us full of your bullshit excuses . 
  are ireland allowed to negotiate trade deals with uk alone or do eu rules restrict that ? 
  if they can then there 's a killing to be made for ireland here . 
  we 're allowed casual racism in this sub now ? 
  awesome . 
  i 'll take note . 
  good . 
  this is western europe . 
  not saudi arabia .
