  it 's our trump card . 
  we saw it with u.s and china . 
  china threatened to sell all it 's dollars and ruin the u.s if it did n't fuck off and mind it 's own business . 
  u.s is now behaving itself in the pacific . 
  what a surprise . 
  and you do realise that if there 's money to be made someone will be there to make it right ? 
  you 're desperate for this not to be a good thing are n't you . 
  haha . 
  here 's one for you . 
  nissan in sunderland , who employ 6700 workers , have committed to stay and increase production whilst hiring more employees . 
  i was gon na make it a long list ( because it is one ) but i feel this one example is enough to qualify your jimmies as soundly rustled . 
  we do n't have slave wages in britain . 
  it 's unlawful . 
  the minimum wage is # 7.20 per hour , one of the highest in the world . 
  if you ca n't live on # 7.20 an hour then you 're an idiot and should probably stop drinking and taking drugs and start paying for your council tax and rent . 
  the hairdresser will shop around for the best price . 
  if there is a gap in the market someone will fill it . 
  if there 's money to be made someone will be there to make it . 
  that 's the economy y ` see . 
  it 's not just this devastating downfall if something goes wrong . 
  it works in other ways as well . 
  this is a great opportunity for young , ambitious entrepreneurs to make good money filling in the gaps that bigger companies did n't think were worth their time because they only made hundreds of thousands instead of millions . 
  do you think after 20 years of internet the infrastructure is n't already in place ? 
  do you even know how currency works ? 
  i know exactly how the economy works . 
  i know exactly the short term effects , which you 're so desperate for and the long ones . 
  here 's what 's gon na happen . 
  i stole it from a another message board but i could n't put it any better myself . 
  '' the uk will strike a trade deal to trade with the common market . 
  this will be at the expense of freedom of movement . 
  the uk will have the choice to opt out of eu laws , so we can all have powerful vacuum cleaners . 
  the areas that got eu grants will be worse off . 
  some of the money may go to other areas , but most will be wiped out by bureaucracy . 
  a deal will be struck to stop undue border controls . 
  so when the dust settles there won ` t be much difference . 
  we may be marginally worse off . 
  we may be marginally better off . 
  but by and large it will be the same as it is now . 
  so the reasons for brexiting will be largely wiped out . 
  might be a bit shit for the next year though . '', 
  oh and the only ( and very large ) car manufacturer in my region said they 're staying . 
  that 's usually the answer . 
  not many people on reddit have an answer , just childish shit like what you said . 
  i would up my game but there 's nowhere with an ounce of intelligence that has the same userbase as reddit . 
  so i just settle for the dumbasses . 
  face it , you 've never been affected by a recession in your life . 
  and if you have , well ... . you 're rich enough for me not to have to care about you . 
  underpaid eu workers in britain ? 
  well ... ... we obviously still pay them more than you . 
  underfuckingpaid . 
  what a cheek . 
  that 's the thing y ` see . 
  who 's gon na miss the unskilled workers ? 
  the companies that treat them like shit and pay them peanuts , that 's who . 
  if we lose a load of unskilled workers , and there is demand , then british unskilled workers become more valuable . 
  wages will go up for them . 
  recessions and pretty much any other economic problem such as labour shortages only effect the rich . 
  never the normal guy on the street . 
  during the recession , bankers killed themselves . 
  i bought a house on the cheap . 
  now we have this current possibility of losing workers . 
  i ca n't wait to shop around and get a pay rise . 
  do you think i give a shit if the ceo loses a few quid ? 
  so the pound is weak . 
  and that affects me how ? 
  my junk food is a little bit more expensive . 
  how devastating . 
  because you all convinced yourselves that your country and economy comes ahead of yourself and your family you think recessions are a bad thing . 
  they do n't notice that when you live week to week economic problems do n't actually mean shit . 
  we 're heading for a major recession . 
  ceo 's will lose millions , companies will suffer . 
  why would i give a shit ? 
  takes a certain lack of pride though doesnt it . 
  life isnt like in the newspapers  the cake is still here . 
  we just dropped some crumbs . 
  i bet they are . 
  if a rich person invited me in to their house and allowed me to take what i want i 'd be rather satisfied too, 
  yes . 
  and do those governments give a vast amount of those licenses to other nations for free ? 
  thinking our territorial waters arent a thing is retarded . 
  not knowing about the 200km exclusive economic zone like the dipshit above is retarded . 
  you wont do as well as you think . 
  not now . 
  but im not pretending to be a bleeding heart socialist . 
  every british taxpayer pays towards the nhs . 
  lets simplify this for you ( seem to do a lot of that round here ) . 
  the nhs is not free . 
  * everyone * pays for it . 
  eu benefits are not free . 
  * someone * pays for it . 
  you sound like the kind of person that ... . . no , no . 
  im not gon na stoop to your level . 
  you can and everyone does privatelyown the sea . 
  try fishing 199km off u.s or brazilian shores . 
  see how they treat that . 
  anyone less noble than farage probably should kill themselves . 
  alas , that would require shame . 
  sustainable fishing policy for you . 
  when the rest of eu cant fish here anymore ... more for us  also , seeing as just jumping in a boat and nicking our food was enshrined in law , i 'd like for our crop farmers to be able to travel to france and harvest its crops ( quota 'd of course ) . 
  we need something set aside for grapes and olives in italy .
