  thanks for reinforcing my point . 
  ooooh a mock trial . 
  and i 'm sure the ukrops are gon na give the russian a totally fair trial . 
  plus the invader things a load of bollocks but never mind . 
  i only hope i 'm never simple enough to take blurry aerial photographs as proof . 
  it 's 2016 . 
  we can take a high definition picture of someones garden shed from space , but not a clear photo of russian military in ukraine from 100 times closer . 
  god you do n't take much convincing do you ? 
  here , i 've got a bridge to sell you . 
  so do i not care or do i act outraged and invent a load of political tripe like with the ukranian pilot captured by russia ? 
  can one of the hypocrites help me out a bit ? 
  there 's plenty here so at least one of you should be able to teach me the mental gymnastics process you go through to make this totally fine yet when russia does it it 's a travesty . 
  i always enjoy leftists trying to explain away their hypocrisy . 
  this is the problem with having the dog as president . 
  not only do the terrorists hate turkey , the west dont like them enough to care . 
  pick a side dog , innocent people are suffering for your indecision . 
  well they kind of go hand in hand . 
  ca n't have one without the other . 
  how mature . 
  and we expected these people to run an economy . 
  this one ridiculous event answers a whole load of questions about greece . 
  it 's only fyrom because of the greeks . 
  i call it macedonia like everyone else in the world . 
  ooof . 
  you know it 's a joke . 
  i know it 's a joke . 
  but somewhere in a dark room in uk or usa ... ... you 've just been put on a list . 
  an invasion by invitation . 
  yeah ... . . ` cos that 's a thing . 
  no more le monde for you . 
  why would isis attack their friend ? 
  not many agreed with ` that guy ' neither . 
  did n't make much difference . 
  * most eu citizens want uk to remain , study suggests * i bet they do . 
  most of them live here . 
  from a german in another thread . 
  * if anything it was yet another attempt by the french government to prod europe into seeing foreign policy `` the proper french way '' , something they have tried since 1999 and the st. malo accords with the uk . 
  why else would france have fought the british preferance to see nato take command of the operation until it could no longer be postponed ? 
  libya was the most obvious manifestation of a struggle that has been going on for years now : french governmental attempts at transplanting its worldview ( and its view of what is important in foreign policy and what not ) onto the rest of europe * self awareness ... ... . zero . 
  '' french governmental attempts at transplanting its worldview '' like germany and refugees ? 
  you 're all the same . 
  only 3 months to go , thank god . 
  another american telling us what to do and how to spend our money . 
  u.s government = / = putins pr department . 
  god they still come back even after being proved stupid . 
  stay intelligent kiddies . 
  i presented one below . 
  please learn to read . 
  you are wasting my time with your stupidity . 
  here , have most glorious russian lollipop . 
  i stole it from bear whilst riding a horse shirtless . 
  probably the closest we 'll get to a reasonable explanation . 
  yep . 
  meaningful ? 
  pfffft . 
  how can it be with your double standards and air of superiority ? 
  i 'll knock this on the head early . 
  is kosovo part of serbia ? 
  yes or no answer same thing happened . 
  in fact crimean referendum was 100x more credible . 
  yet i do n't hear an international outrage in support of serbia . 
  so full of shit . 
  that 's why i gave up on ` meaningful ' discussion a long time ago . 
  you 're on the internet . 
  there 's a million arguments as to why you 're wrong at the tips of your fingers . 
  and who did russia invade ? 
  you 're gon na say ukraine/crimea are n't you ? 
  haha . 
  too cute . 
  just adorable . 
  they 're never fun . 
  i 'll argue both sides and then listen to these cuties argue with the information they got from their local tabloid . 
  it should be fun . 
  but witnessing the stupidity is a bit soul crushing . 
  first person to call me pro russian wins a lollipop . 
  haha . 
  literally word for word what obama would say . 
  you 're cute . 
  i 'll give you that . 
  there it is . 
  now ... and i want an honest answer ... . did you see that for yourself or did you read it in der spiegel ? 
  you 're misunderstanding threat with self defence . 
  we are moving militarily closer to russia with nato . 
  russia are n't setting up air bases and missile silos on our borders . 
  we are on theirs though . 
  who 's threatening who again ? 
  right ... . 
  so how do we spin this to make russia evil in this scenario ? 
  got a feeling this is gon na be a quiet comment section . 
  do n't worry . 
  the swedish police are here to help . 
  european superstate . 
  an environment where jews and free speech are under threat . 
  and the biggest danger we face are those nasty russians . 
  you fought for nothing . 
  we let you down :(, 
  might be a few in gothenburg and stockholm though . 
  where my ship regularly ports . 
  and where i spent christmas and new year in 2014 . 
  well he 's the crown prince .
