  of course we should blame ourselves . 
  in to year 15 of islamic terrorism , so what do we do ? 
  invite them in to our countries . 
  belgiums islamist threat ? 
  try the worlds . 
  saudi arabia is pretty much just one massive training camp . 
  only country in the world that can do 9/11 and completely get away with it while everyone knows who it was . 
  same with syria . 
  u.s does it all the time . 
  it 's fashionable at the moment . 
  ( that 's only half serious ) he could but he sure as hell should n't . 
  the thing is ukraine at the moment needs a babysitter . 
  they never even had their act together before this conflict . 
  i 'd rather russia be the babysitter than the eu . 
  unfortunately usa disagrees . 
  i conceded that russian troops are there . 
  i 'm not sure they make a difference but it 's pretty obvious they 're there . 
  it 's the fact no one wants to show them that makes it apparent its not a big force . 
  i suspect they are training separatists . 
  as someone said , putin admitted it . 
  not sure why he 's half arsing it though . 
  he could steamroll them tomorrow if he wanted and europe and usa would n't do a thing . 
  wonder what game he 's playing . 
  all i know is i ca n't believe any of them . 
  how anyone not involved can pick a side with all the lies flying around is beyond me . 
  yes !, 
  this guy gets it . 
  only one of us full of enough shit to think we do though . 
  well apparently it 's been proven 100 times before even though no actual reliable news source can show it to me . 
  well if they 're renegade then it 's not russian government fault , and if it not the governments fault why do they get so much criticism ?? 
  and if they 're war criminals then so are foreigners fighting for the fsa in syria . 
  so we arm one set of war criminals and call them ` moderates ' but we condemn another set of war criminals and call them renegades . 
  we need some consistency here . 
  likes and dislikes ? 
  did you really just say that ? 
  haha . 
  all this time i 've been arguing with a kid . 
  i 'm out . 
  have your customary last word , i know you teenies like it . 
  its an intergovernmental organisation where a crimean vote to join russia is not convenient for the governments that created it . 
  i get called pro-russian all the time , couldnt be further from the truth , so forgive me if i do n't take it seriously when used as an argument against anyone or anything . 
  and you think i get my info from the bbc and rt ? 
  we both have the same information . 
  difference is you picked a side . 
  ah good stuff . 
  missed that . 
  fair enough . 
  finally a bit of truth from one of the leaders . 
  refreshing . 
  there it is again . 
  one bias organisation cant be trusted , but the other biased organisation is totally legit . 
  yeah ok . to be clear . 
  i 've got no problem with you saying someone cant be trusted . 
  but do n't be using someone else that ca n't be trusted as a defence . 
  same place you get yours . 
  from a place 2000 miles away . 
  you still think you know more than me . 
  oh and i 've moved the laptop to the living room now . 
  finished my coffee . 
  oh i agree . 
  she should in the very least have been treat as a pow and not tried , just detained until the dispute was over . 
  still illegal but way better than what they did . 
  now though , ukraine has a problem . 
  well ... . . they would have a problem if people were n't so dumb and could pick up on this stuff ... if this russian soldier is there as a soldier , waging an act of war , then he is now a pow and ca n't and should not be tried in a civilian criminal court . 
  if they do treat him as a civilian , and try him in a civilian court , then their claims of russian military being in ukraine can now be doubted . 
  so what are they going to do ? 
  break international law or be hypocrites and do exactly what the russians did whilst simultaneously weakening their argument of being invaded ? 
  no ones ` views ' are real . 
  there is what is real , and what is not real . 
  whatever people think of it is irrelevant . 
  and you 're apparently dutch , you 're doing the same thing . 
  you 're a hypocrite . 
  what gives you the right to think you know any better ? 
  they had a vote . 
  it was a legitimate vote that even international observers said had very little corruption . 
  the votes for independence in montenegro and kosovo however was not . 
  no i assume that if russia concedes crimea back to ukraine , no one will have a problem with serbia taking back kosovo right ? 
  a picture of a tank and talk of proof being presented at a conference . 
  where is the conference ? 
  link ? 
  oh and no state news channel can be trusted . 
  looks like the ones killed in ukraine were on contract . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  it 's likely bullshit but we 're believing everything we read right ? 
  did n't google it . 
  might later . 
  that did n't look like any military , let alone russian . 
  just looked like a group of wannabes acting tough . 
  i 'm not pro russian you know . 
  thing is even if you could definitively prove there was real , effective military in ukraine , i still would n't care , because both sides are lying sacks of shit , ukraine just happens to be more full of shit in this dispute . 
  * at least your twisted views are not dealing any real harm by being just a text on a website far away from battle . 
  * so are you !, 
  god your hypocrisy burns . 
  haha . 
  a british bloke sitting in his kitchen creating propaganda for a side he 's not even on . 
  did you make your hat from tin or aluminium foil ? 
  i do not doubt you 're a simple man . 
  not for a second . 
  oh , getting called pro russian . 
  forgive me for thinking you 'd have anything resembling an argument .
