  did n't germany and italy break them too ? 
  i smell a rat . 
  i suspect this sub wo n't give a shit during it 's anti-uk circle jerk . 
  there is some hate here . 
  i 'll admit it . 
  but come on , we 're talking about a population that watched the only way is essex and geordie shore for entertainment . 
  what kind of intelligence are you expecting here ? 
  i tell you one thing though . 
  we might have some stupid buggers with some simple views ... ... . . but you 'd never see british men allowing muslims to rape our women in the street . 
  so yeah , i 'll take our downsides , wan na discuss yours ? 
  i think your women do . 
  go on eu . 
  sanction them . 
  i dare you . 
  do n't play stupid . 
  they said it on 23rd june . 
  ask someone from boston or luton . 
  was that a matrix joke ? 
  i did n't get it . 
  all this shits headed somewhere . 
  well played . 
  i so was hoping for a tantrum . 
  yeah probably . 
  not exactly been in the greatest of moods . 
  fair enough . 
  sardinian is miles away from italian as a language . 
  i think the maltese guy who got offended in an eu meeting because there was no maltese translator taught me something about how people feel about their language . 
  nice to meet you . 
  not uk . 
  i 'm not part of nato . 
  i do n't think it 's a conspiracy . 
  i do n't think it 's a massive thing that needs to be dealt with . 
  i just realise there * are * people that will feel wronged by this and understand why . 
  too much tv for you i see . 
  and for me to desert , they have to find me in the first place . 
  what 's my country got to do with * my * commitments ? 
  * which is explicitly to appear to promote and protect regional cultures , whilst destroying them * ftfy . 
  of course they are . 
  i never said they were n't . 
  the way i 'm seeing things here is that both sides are as bad as each other and the stubbornness from each will lead to many dead . 
  russia certainly is not a good guy . 
  but neither is nato . 
  no i 'm not . 
  i do n't have a commitment to nato . 
  i 'm talking about minorities because it as a minority that will be affected by this . 
  a corsican speaker is a minority . 
  a corsican speaker can not speak their own language in a police station or hospital for example . 
  dont worry , i got pretty much the answer i was looking for . 
  ok to ignore some minorities , very bad to ignore others . 
  got it . 
  it is a very low percentage . 
  and the language is almost dead . 
  but there are some people that speak it . 
  why ca n't they go to their local post office or government building and speak the language of their island ? 
  my point is , do n't pick and choose which minority you want to appease . 
  we are not talking about corsicans . 
  we are talking about corsican speakers . 
  russia never did anything to me or my country . 
  i 'm quite happy for latvians , germans , poles etc. . . to die fighting the war that the u.s forced you in to but i see no reason why the british should bleed . 
  of course if they want to then let them , but i wo n't be joining in . 
  we have laws in place that protect minorities no ? 
  it does n't make sense to us , but what about the people that do speak it ? 
  it matters to them . 
  we should protect all minorities or none . 
  i 'd love to know the process of how people pick and choose which minority is important enough to care about . 
  we 've just had every major city in europe come to a standstill recently so that 5.6 % of the population can brag about what they like to fuck . 
  how are they more important ? 
  i dunno about all that . 
  it 'll be a world war . 
  there wo n't be an economy . 
  just a war economy . 
  i can see what you 're gon na do . 
  you 're so predictable . 
  i put it down to laziness . 
  you 're gon na build up on russia 's western border , then blame russia for war if they fight it . 
  these events have already been set in stone . 
  it 'll happen within 20 years . 
  can we keep it at no means no . 
  now germany has caught up with civilisation regarding this let 's hope they do n't go full on retard in the future like sweden and have a ` no means no , but yes also means no if the girl is thinking no , and also yes means no if the girl changes their mind at a later date ( no statute of limitations on when girl can change mind ) . 
  yeah but dying of natural causes is better than being murdered . 
  why is it ` unconceivable ' ? 
  italy manages it fine . 
  in fact , i do n't actually think italy has a standardised language . 
  you can travel 5 miles from one town to another and they speak a different dialect . 
  just a few miles south of corsica is sardinia that has about 12 sub-dialects of the main sardinian language , whjich is n't italian , and they all have the same status as italian . 
  hell even welsh in the uk is an official language . 
  i hope we stay neutral when the war everyone is so desperate to start happens . 
  we 're only richer than 186 countries now instead of 187 . 
  this brexit is devastating . 
  this is what it must feel like to be eritrean or ukrainian :(, 
  there is still money to be made . 
  the economy is not some evil monster that you can threaten to unleash if you do n't get your way . 
  if there is money to be made , someone will be there to make it . 
  of course there is limitations , . 
  just like every company in the world has limitations . 
  you work around them . 
  also , if we decide to sell our vast amount of euro 's , you 're fucked . 
  which is why the eu is playing nice and soft whilst appearing to play hardball . 
  any person that is worth a damn in the eu knows if they take down uk , uk will take eu with it . 
  you wo n't hear that in the news though .
