  air france !!?? 
  air france !!?? 
  air ... france ? 
  ok , not british airways . 
  not emirates . 
  not lufthansa , not klm , no ... air.f.r.a.n.c.e . 
  the national carrier of france . 
  the country that banned the burqa . 
  the country that told people they must integrate and it is illegal not to . 
  and now the french are moaning about ... . . being made to integrate . 
  i 'm no bleeding heart , but shit this is hilarious . 
  says the same thing in most stories . 
  al jazeera , france24 , nytimes . 
  all these stories have claims their is no truce . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35953916 read whole article . 
  what have they privatised ? 
  i can name one thing . 
  one single thing that is a specific tory goal to privatise . 
  i 'm not gon na name it , i 'm gon na see if you mention it in your answer to my question . 
  railways have been private for nearly half a century . 
  what about the nhs ? 
  still free is n't it ? 
  academies are n't privatisation and i ca n't for the life of me figure out how you came to the conclusion they are . 
  history means nothing . 
  in usa it was the republicans that were left and democrats that were right . 
  ask them where they stand now . 
  their base ? 
  what about their base ? 
  i 'm there base . 
  i 'm a working class bloke in the north . 
  what is wrong with working class people ? 
  is it only rich people that vote tory ? 
  is that what you 're saying . 
  so 49 % of england is rich ? 
  ` cos thats the percentage that voted them in . 
  what 's not left wing about them ? 
  look at them now . 
  benefit state , mass immigration , huge government on a national and local level , just passed a mass surveillance law . 
  tell me , what 's not left wing about the tories ? 
  the cuts would have to be made under labour as well . 
  difference is your bins would n't be getting collected and the street lights would n't work because god forbid kevin in rotherham has to be means tested for his crippling spine pain that means he ca n't work but manages to play football on the weekend . 
  pretty clear from the article there was no hooliganism . 
  as an aside . 
  this article is very fair considering saying the wrong thing gets you a beating in ukraine . 
  good journalism . 
  and thats why you do n't pick a side . 
  all the anti-russians here . 
  you 're rooting for this guy poroshenko ? 
  haha . 
  all so full of shit you 're ears have got diarrhoea . 
  been to bosnia then ? 
  you 're making it a bit too obvious you lost this one . 
  bow out with grace . 
  you look silly . 
  that 's exactly what he 's mocking you for . 
  superior only in your perception . 
  russia could decide to end you at 7am and have it done by 8am . 
  i know it hurts the ol' rectum , but he 's right . 
  well according to the civilians being shelled in the region the azeri 's are lying . 
  they havent called a truce at all . 
  they 're probably waiting for the state news stations in eu to blame russia so oh so clever population will get behind them . 
  old centre left is the new right . 
  old left is the new batshit insane ultra left . 
  at least thats how it 's gone in uk . 
  tories , centre left . 
  labour , off the deep end , unelectable and laughable . 
  you 're aware they have signs on bar and restaurants saying ` japanese only ' right ? 
  can we just change the name from labour party to tumblr party and have it done with . 
  british food being so bad is why it 's possible . 
  we 're 3rd at the moment . 
  only malta and turkey ahead of us . 
  malta 's population of 17 hardly counts and turkey just lost most of it 's tourism . 
  so they 're gon na have to cut back , 2025 is optimistic . 
  i 'd say 2020 . 
  this was a massive story for about 6 hours in the british press . 
  bbc were absolutely creaming over it . 
  then the suspects race was revealed and they buried it . 
  hold on a second , let me get this right . 
  * it is clearly exacerbated by the free movement of labour , and thus should be counteracted . 
  * so , you get to keep the brain power and take the money to keep it . 
  so ... . . the other guy is right , in every way . 
  we lose the intelligent people that stay put instead of emigrating and we lose the money because we still have to pay for hungary to be liveable enough for them . 
  * yes we do , because of the reasons i listed above . 
  * no , we do n't , because of the reasons you listed above . 
  like robbing the disabled whilst giving the mega rich tax breaks ? 
  those kind of christian values dave ? 
  yeah but it was dribs and drabs and isolated events . 
  maybe i should have said year 15 of the terrorist war to appease pedants . 
  yeah . 
  they paid for it with the profits from their fruit stall . 
  yeah well , jordan sends terrorists to syria . 
  pot , kettle . 
  europe comes to us for intelligence , not the other way around . 
  menwith hill has more intelligence gathering technology in 2 square miles than the rest of europe has combined . 
  why do you think that is though ? 
  see , look at your attitude . 
  '' oooooh , i got downvoted . 
  those nazi 's ! '', 
  what a joke . 
  you 'll only halt the far right in europe when you stop calling us far right just because we disagree with you .
