  instead of showing you 're really not much smarter than the idiots that voted to leave in the first place . 
  what about east london ? 
  they voted overwhelmingly to leave . 
  so if london goes independent and the east all votes to stay in uk what do we have then ? 
  campaign for an independent barking and dagenham ? 
  stupid , stupid idiots . 
  today is the day of the moron . 
  it really is . 
  they 're everywhere . 
  i 'd go too if i were them . 
  it 's better for them without a doubt . 
  they will be able to spunge more from the eu than the uk in the future . 
  what i find sickening is that if it were the scots that kept us in , we would stand by that , because we are a union and every vote counts . 
  obviously nationalism and morals do n't go hand in hand . 
  time for them to go . 
  i 'm sick of them . 
  i 'd quit too . 
  who wants to lead this useless rabble ? 
  we just had a vote and everybody in the world knows how the vote was split . 
  it was educated vs uneducated . 
  little englander v worldy people . 
  and the stupid cunts won . 
  fuck this island . 
  i hope it sinks . 
  yeah . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  this whole thing is about you . 
  maybe . 
  is n't too central neither . 
  basildon a landslide to leave ? 
  wtff !, 
  is n't london metro area supposed to be saving us ? 
  cities remain , suburbs leave . 
  looking like a good ol' u.s election . 
  except our cities are smaller . 
  y' know what that means . 
  be around 5/6am uk time . 
  i do n't even know what the premiership is . 
  i support luton town , haha . 
  it 's really weird voting up here in the north east . 
  newcastle voted remain by a very small margin . 
  sunderland , around 15 miles down the road , voted to leave by a landslide . 
  and south tyneside which is about 10 miles from newcastle also voted landslide to leave . 
  there is no regional pattern . 
  newcastle upon tyne, 
  my city voted to remain . 
  this is the first time in my life i 've felt like my vote actually mattered . 
  so close . 
  i said in my original post i worked for dfds/tor line . 
  swedes are overly sensitive . 
  that is a reality . 
  a reality i have seen for myself . 
  it 's what leads to shit like this . 
   easy thing to say when your entire perception of sweden is based on cherrypicked news . 
  or visiting sweden . 
  at least 10 times . 
  maybe could be that . 
  working with swedes for a decade . 
  could also be that . 
  funny thing is most of the swedes , if not all , that i worked with would agree with me . 
  that 's why most of them live in norway , denmark and germany now . 
  dfds if you ca n't be arsed to trawl my post history , because naturally , you do n't believe me . 
  that country is ridiculous man . 
  sent off for farting . 
  that fucking place . 
  ien on twitter . 
  no one deserves this . 
  american , european , asian , african . 
  we need to get to the bottom of what is causing this to happen so regularly now . 
  he 's been caught alive . 
  edit : they changed their mind . 
  shot dead . 
  he said foreign born , not foreign . 
  the law can say pigs fly , someone born abroad is still foreign born . 
  sweden is just a warning . 
  it 's the end result of the way other european countries are going with political correctness and social justice . 
  do n't laugh at sweden too much . 
  they 're only 10/15 years ahead of where the rest of europe will be . 
  and so it begins ... ... 
  nailed it . 
  ok , so i got confused , you never called me racist , it was someone else . 
  so , i rescind all insults towards yourself and transfer them on to u/nivlark . 
  he 's the simple one . 
  not you . 
  my bad . 
  just so you know , i only turned this argument in to shit because i thought you pulled the racist card . 
  after that i had no interest in being civil . 
  but as i say , i was wrong . 
  i am . 
  you found me one . 
  on the top of the wiki article . 
  and another , separate article that says 37 % to be honest though , let 's stop . 
  i lost all interest in you when you pulled the racist card . 
  i predicted this would be boring and once you pulled out that old cop-out cliche that kind of confirmed my suspicions . 
  now you 're desperately digging around the internet looking for help . 
  help that probably should n't include wikipedia seeing as it shows 4 different graphs all saying 4 different things . 
  come on man , did n't you learn never to go to wikipedia for actual information ? 
  you 're told that by your teacher in year 6 . 
  it 's like ... rule 3 of the world . 
  anyone can when there 's something good to say about them .
