  you heard the news of it going to 5th . 
  but the circle jerk never allowed you to hear the news that it went back to 6th almost immediately . 
  the fapfest when it happened was a laugh though . 
  how can i be condescending because i went somewhere and saw something ? 
  sennori , as of 11 days ago did n't have running water after 9pm . 
  ask your friend . 
  no tourists . 
  maybe not too far away in porto torres , stintino and alghero , but in sennori , sorso , even sassari not a thing , and it 's july . 
  of course you know better than me , i just gave my impressions . 
  i 'm not trying to be offensive . 
  is it different now you 're 18 and edgy ? 
  north east sardinia , also been to palermo around 8 years ago . 
  and rome a couple of times and piedmont when i was a teenager . 
  if an italian disagrees then that 's fine , they know more than me . 
  i 'm just giving a not inexperienced opinion . 
  my impression was , beautiful nature , friendly people , and a less consumerist , fast paced lifestyle than most of the other places i 've been to . 
  and that applies to the bigger towns and cities as well . 
  bloody nightmare if you need anything done quickly , haha . 
  also they have no concept of time . 
  1pm means ` sometime in the afternoon ' and ' 9am flight from rome to gatwick ' means ` we will get you home at some point this week , we promise ' . 
  i 'm not complaining , just how it was . 
  i actually liked it . 
  the ` rural south ' is more than half of your country ( and not where i stayed ) . 
  i also went to rome . 
  i saw tourists , overpriced pizza and archaeological remnants from 100bc . 
  is that the real italy ? 
  you also assume i did n't travel to anywhere else outside of the town in my whole time there . 
  there was a town of 150,000 10km away . 
  maybe i should say i feel i saw a real representation of a large proportion of italian society . 
  that sound better ? 
  it did cross my mind but i very much doubt it . 
  i 'm not * that * naive , haha . 
  also maybe i did n't make the conversation clear because ... . italian . 
  the guy 's in his 60 's now , maybe i only asked what he did now and not what he did as a career before . 
  pretty sure i did ask what he did for a living but again ... italian . 
  god knows what i actually said . 
  no offence taken , i was just visiting and that was my opinion . 
  i was told that it 's common in the south and the islands and unheard of in the north . 
  i also learned there is a huge wealth divide with the north and south there . 
  yes it has been . 
  france has no money . 
  what 's 2 % of nothing ? 
  i 've just come back from italy . 
  i was n't a tourist , i was visiting a friend and stayed in a small town of 8000 . 
  we were local celebrities as the town had very few foreigners visit in their history . 
  i met two 80 year old women that had never seen and englishman in their life , they were giggling like schoolgirls ... . . so that gives you an idea of where i was , i feel i saw the real italy . 
  thing is , no one was employed officially . 
  everyone was making money , but none of them had jobs . 
  i found this strange . 
  one guy fixes boats cash in hand . 
  another guy goes fishing all night and sells his catch in the morning . 
  i asked my mate what his dad did , '' oh this and that '' was the reply . 
  guy owns a massive house with 2 families living in it and * another * fairly large house that my wife and i stayed in . 
  bought from the wages of '' this and that '' ? 
  that 's not to say italy does n't have deprives areas with deprived people ( naples ) but i 'm pretty sure what they class as poverty and what a frenchman or a brit or a german would class as poverty are different things . 
  they make enough money under the table to eat , drink and smoke ( and my god do italians like smoking ) and they spend the rest of their time with family and friends . 
  i never saw a games console once . 
  tv was never on . 
  no silly gadgets everywhere , everyone had a car that worked , thats enough , no need to own the latest bmw x5 model . 
  it 's just different there ( better if you ask me ) . 
  should also add that the water turned off at 9pm so if you needed a shit after that you had to nip it till the morning . 
  i reckon if that happened in the uk we 'd classify that as poverty . 
  they did n't seem to care , but over here a hosepipe ban causes uproar . 
  that 's a self fulfilling prophecy though . 
  not mutually exclusive . 
  do n't need to pick . 
  they come from wherever they come from , they live in germnay for a bit on the free . 
  then they get citizenship , now they 're an eu citizen and they move to uk ( or play for germany national football team ) that was always the problem . 
  freedom of movement never excluded foreign criminals and non europeans that other european countries gave citizenship to . 
  let 's not even go in to benefits immigrants . 
  if we could send a european rapist or murderer back to his country of origin , i never would have had a problem with freedom of movement . 
  but you wanted it all with no compromise . 
  for 25 states freedom of movement means benefits . 
  to the other 3 ( now 2 ) not . 
  ftfy . 
  some people are so poor all they have is money . 
  the fact that he see 's profit as even a possibility tells me everything i need to know . 
  this is so funny . 
  ok , we 'll drop this judging shite . 
  let 's be nice . 
  we both obviously frequent here . 
  we 'll probably disagree again , let 's keep it nice   if he really wanted freedom of movement then he should n't have voted to leave . 
  again , that 's expecting him to vote on a single issue . 
  maybe there were other factors that outweighed freedom of movement that influenced his decision . 
  i want restrictions . 
  i voted to stay knowing if we did restrictions would never happen . 
  there were other factors that were bigger than that for me . 
  do n't you see what i 'm saying ? 
  of course he can want freedom of movement and be a brexiter . 
  of course he can , it should not be baffling to anyone . 
  ca n't a leaver want freedom of movement ? 
  ca n't a remainer want restrictions ? 
  i 'd like to the know the criteria you are using to judge 48 % and 52 % of a 68 million population . 
  i judge you on your words . 
  you 've started a whoooooooooole tangent . 
  good trick  how about just responding to the original post i made eh ? 
  or are you gon na avoid that one . 
  here , i 'll repeat myself . 
  you say : '' no , it 's just an idiotic position to take . '', 
  ( judging , btw .
