  i can live with that also . 
  i 've been to eastern europe . 
  it 's nice . 
  now we do n't need a rebate . 
  we get the whole thing , 
  well after today it 's ok . 
  the smug reaction on here has said a lot . 
  europe never wanted us . 
  they were happy to put up with our shit as long as we kept paying . 
  that 's exactly how they feel . 
  you 're happy we 're gone . 
  fuck ya then . 
  happy to be gone . 
  just means i have to go west instead of east to get away from this island of doughnuts . 
  jesus , yanks might be dumb , but give me a dumb yank over a fake european or a nationalist brit anyday , because those two types of people have combined to create this whole mess . 
  and i 'm sick of you jumped up pricks questioning people 's knowledge because they disagree . 
  go and fuck yourself with it . 
  the eu made enough concessions in your opinion . 
  knob . 
  i do n't think they did . 
  does that make me worry for your knowledge ? 
  do something with yourself will ya . 
  eu said we ca n't change our minds if we leave . 
  i 'd just like to know which rules to apply to who here . 
  not very much consistency . 
  they can change their minds . 
  but 2 years after we last asked them ? 
  we 're not dealing with a child here . 
  it 's a country . 
  probably . 
  no , i think you 're right . 
  do n't you see how it 's a bit of a slap in the face though ? 
  oh , so * now * you can get things done quickly and efficiently . 
  why could n't they the previous 25 years ? 
  something stinks here . 
  that still does n't address how nobody knows how to deal with it though . 
  and how this is just * another * law on a long list of laws that the eu wrote itself but doesnt understand . 
  divorce with what ? 
  people ? 
  like a married couple ? 
  what the fuck has that got to do with national referendums ? 
  oh my god he 's gon na compare them is n't he ? 
  give me strength !, 
  ah do n't worry , we 're talking about 2 different things . 
  i thought you were asking if i blamed the eu for us leaving , not for trying to rush it through . 
  well , you 've actually persuaded me to look in to this . 
  you make good points and if they 're all genuine i can only find one problem ... and it 's a big one . 
  with social economics comes social politics . 
  social politics is not a good thing . 
  well why else did we leave ? 
  because they 're awesome and they listened to us ? 
  all it would have taken is a '' yeah , ok we 'll talk '' that 's all it would have taken . 
  4 fucking words . 
  funny how they want this pushed through in 3 days but every other time britain wanted to talk they fucked us off for months and years . 
  i blame them , the media , and stupid fuckwit brits collectively . 
  thanks man . 
  hey , could n't the eu take advantage of this ? 
  i mean , like , just open it 's doors and say '' ok , brits who want to stay , come and work in europe now . '', 
  if eu wanted they really could show the true price of xenophobia and leave them all on their own little island to rot . 
  but it 's ok , they 'll like it , ` cos they 'll be rotting with their own kind . 
  someone just explained it to me , and i thanked them and replied with my opinion . 
  much better tactic than being an arrogant cunt do n't you think ? 
  i 'm sure your great attitude has educated thousands . 
  top man . 
  one for the kids to look up to . 
   if you can work , and choose not to , then you can fuck off . 
  i hear you and understand the idea , but ... where are the lazy buggers gon na fuck off to ? 
  there 's a damn lot of them on this cesspool island . 
  i think the soviets answer to this question was gulags , no ? 
  cheers for the knowledge though , good info . 
  i wo n't be here in 2 years if we leave . 
  a shitty , insular island full of backwards idiots is n't the place to raise a child if i care about her future . 
  i 'm leaving asap . 
  if you give us some time we might just yet throw the referendum away . 
  it 's not legally binding . 
  farage has just backtracked . 
  the leavers are regretting it , boris johnson looked sick when they won . 
  just give us some time will you . 
  i know uncertainty is not good but if you just gave us a few weeks we might be able to come up with a solution to sort this shit out . 
  we still have a chance of staying . 
  and i 'm clinging to it . 
  kills me to say it but the racists north of the border might save this for us . 
  that is a very real prospect . 
  do n't think i 'll ever get to grips with it . 
  i 've got a country full of fuckwits screwing our future ` cos of their stupid cunt allergy to foreigners and lies by the media . 
  then the people from the union i wanted to stay in ca n't wait to throw me under the bus . 
  maybe i just need to learn a life lesson . 
  british people arent cunts . 
  europeans arent cunts . 
  * people * are cunts . 
  and i shall start treating them thusly . 
  read my post history to see my view on nationalists . 
  suffice to say i 'll never support a nationalist party . 
  * any * nationalist party . 
  well , you 're wrong . 
  not much more to say really . 
  pretty easy one this one . 
  good game ol' chap . 
  thats the problem is n't it . 
  '' he has a concern so he must hate the eu and want to leave '' if only you know how many remain votes were lost because of attitudes like this .
