  both sides are full of shit . 
  grow up will you . 
  i shall . 
  minus farage i 'll enjoy it all very much, 
  i have n't downvoted you . 
  that was a good reply . 
  you make a good point that the flag means more than just a country or a place . 
  people died under that flag . 
  moreseo , people died to make the flag matter . 
  i understand that . 
  i do also think blind patriotism is actually encouraged . 
  i just do n't think most americans are easy enough to fall for it . 
  stop picking a side . 
  it pens you in to one judgement . 
  both sides can be wrong y' know . 
  did pro russians prevent voting in donbass ? 
  yes , no doubt . 
  is that disgusting ? 
  absolutely . 
  is an election where only 2/3 of the country is allowed to vote legitimate ? 
  not in any fantasy . 
  i 'm just discussing the country as a whole . 
  the government if you will . 
  on a personal level i care for everyone the same , that is not very much at the moment . 
  belgian , croation , ukranian , syrian , british , french . 
  whatever . 
  i do see ukrainians fighting in parliament and kind of find it hard to feel sorry for them on a national level . 
  but then i know there are ukrainians suffering and they did nothing wrong . 
  i 'm trying to think of myself as just a person and not a nationality . 
  the hard part of that is seeing other people as people and not nationalities . 
  come on man ... luhansk and donetsk were n't allowed to vote . 
  neither was crimea , which is obviously more complicated , but it 's still a part of ukraine according to ukraine . 
  would you take that seriously ? 
  is this a spaniard teaching a brit english ? 
  the worst part is the spaniard is correct . 
  how embarrassing . 
  no , you 're right . 
  it was a reaction post . 
  if i were to put it in a better way ... you do n't have to be grateful , but you ca n't say we do n't care about eastern europe like that other guy did . 
  making us sound like callous bankers whilst the hard workers of ee suffer . 
  thats as bollocks as what i said . 
  we 're never going to agree that election was n't a farce . 
  never . 
  so let 's stop this early and respectfully disagree . 
  ok so they were elected then ? 
  did n't you wonder why they got all pissed off out of nowhere ? 
  i suggest reading the russian propaganda as well as the western propaganda . 
  i only read the first paragraph before replying . 
  you must have added the rest after i replied so i can address it now . 
  btw , lets not get shitty with each other . 
  i think this could be a really good debate . 
  first : * if you are just visiting here i can see how you 'd see mcdonalds ( which is in pretty much every fucking country in the world so that argument is invalid ) * actually i said we 're pretty much the same . 
  this would support that . 
  i have been to the u.s. oakland , fort lauderdale and san diego to be specific . 
  i do not find the culture different . 
  i really do n't . 
  and i was working , not a tourist , so i feel i saw the real u.s.a. 
  i 'm not talking crap about america . 
  if i 'm saying we 're the same i 'd be talking crap about myself too . 
  i just feel , if you 're an average american and i 'm an average brit that our lives are pretty much identical . 
  so my ancestors sold you out . 
  was n't me . 
  i 'm not bothered by it . 
  where did i say i was bothered by it ? 
  just pointing a few things out . 
  let 's say you were brazilian or swiss ( just picked two random ones ) would you still fly a stars and stripes because you love the culture and values ? 
  i am , think i made that pretty clear . 
  you 're right . 
  then it was made unofficial again when porky and ratty did the coup . 
  how grown up . 
  no wonder we have to pay for you . 
  it 's like looking after children . 
  except it 's a country . 
  your culture and values are the same as ours . 
  mcdonalds , tv and 8 and a half hour work days . 
  you eat the same food . 
  you work the same jobs . 
  you watch the same tv . 
  you live in the same houses , you drive the same cars , you speak the same language . 
  your sports are different , thats about it . 
  if it was about ` culture and values ' you could fly a belgian flag as well . 
  or a canadian one . 
  british , french , dutch ... . 
  and i was addressing the subject . 
  when we leave and you poor countries stop scrounging from us then you can say all we care about is business . 
  but whilst you 're still receiving our money , taking our jobs and emigrating to our country you can fuck right off with that rhetoric . 
  how ungrateful . 
  this is why i 'll be voting to leave the eu . 
  let germany pick up the rest of the tab for you . 
  i 'm sure they 'll get a thankyou . 
  western ukraine has never functioned . 
  it just happens that you 've only heard about it for the past couple of years . 
  anyone would think it 's madness to tell the people in the part of the country that provides your food they ca n't speak their own language officially . 
  not ukraine though . 
  maybe the people that came up with this were a bit dizzy after taking another punch to the head in parliament . 
  yeah but it 's different over there . 
  blind patriotism is encouraged . 
  average european . 
  not average brit . 
  being half the weight and needing half the intake probably helps .
