  not us 100 years earlier , no . 
  not at all . 
  and of course we totally did nothing in ww2 . 
  we didnt fight the germans and italians on our own for 2 years ( 1/3 of the war ) we did n't lose thousands of pilots destroying the lutwaffe . 
  we did n't organise suicide mission raids all along the french coast to keep nazi defences stretched . 
  nope . 
  we did n't do any of that . 
  u.s did it all . 
  we did n't accept a million jews and save their lives whilst everybody else turned them away ( including the glorious u.s ) nope . 
  never happened . 
  we do n't put # 11 billion per year in to poor , underdeveloped countries then accept the citizens of those countries and give them jobs and benefits no questions asked . 
  shit , u.s too far away to take credit for that one . 
  must have been germany that are the awesome guys this time . 
  definitely not uk . 
  we 're just the worst . 
  so yeah . 
  that might be why we get a little sensitive . 
  some scottish politician tweets an inconsequential message and there 's someone waiting to jump all over . 
  your not so quick to thank us for the good we do though are you . 
  maybe one day we 'll get a merci from a frenchman . 
  yeah ... ... you 're welcome . 
  yeah i did n't do any of that shit . 
  probably not many germans around that gassed a jew neither . 
  or many turks that killed an armenian . 
  or many russians that have starved a pole . 
  you learn from history not use it as a half arsed argument refuting a tweet from a guy that was only 5 when the most recent of these events happened . 
  piss poor post . 
  first person yet to be honest and say he wants us in for europes benefit and not ours . 
  yeah but people in glass houses etc etc. . . 
  no i 'm not saying that . 
  the un and icc is . 
  cant you people read ? 
  now i know how luke wilson felt . 
  protection against what ? 
  so if we leave we 're all going to be doing 70 hour weeks ? 
  and the european human rights laws are exactly the same , to the word , as the un declaration of human rights , of which we are a signatory . 
  so ... we only need one . 
  none of us would . 
  we 're just poor men playing the rich mans game . 
  they pull you in by making you think you matter . 
  haha ... . . we do n't . 
  nothing . 
  the politicians and bankers will get that . 
  so ... ... same as if we stayed . 
  just a different nationality of banker and politician . 
  that probably means something to someone . 
  pssssh . 
  i do n't give a fuck who kills who . 
  you monkeys ( intellectual term , not racist term ) can do what you want to each other . 
  i 'm just clarifying the rules that have been laid out . 
  pro 's : cheap labour . 
  cons : having to give billions to the countries we get cheap labour from . 
  well bush and blair got away with it . 
  icc has clarified the rules when they failed to prosecute those two war criminals . 
  the bed is laid . 
  now lie in it . 
  what 's sadder ? 
  the fact that this happened or the fact the icc and u.n see it as legal ? 
  do n't worry . 
  almost april . 
  that means you get to spunge another # 11 billion from u.k. . that should keep the silver cutlery clean . 
  libya had a government . 
  oh yeah ... . bastion of normality , usa is . 
  wages are n't as good in spain . 
  haha . 
  so if we leave then france will do something it 's been doing anyway by letting migrants through . 
  only difference is they can stop faking the effort to stop them . 
  that 's ok . 
  the 3 million european immigrants we send back next year will be going through france . 
  bon appetite . 
  nice way to treat the nation that 's the only reason you 're still even a country at all . 
  this explains a lot . 
  i 've been holding it from the bottom . 
  ok , i get you . 
  i reckon it 's a bit of what you think and a bit of what i think . 
  foreigners . 
  same in both cases . 
  so instead of turning the taco , i turn my head . 
  will give that a try . 
  pretty sure i 'm gon na be getting some tacos tomorrow now . 
  damn i love taco 's . 
  chilli wrapped in a huge nacho . 
  beautiful . 
  thanks mate , 
  from the sides . 
  i try closing the taco more but then it snaps . 
  tried holding it flat , you can imagine how ridiculous that looks , haha . 
  3 points after 5 hours . 
  54 % upvoted . 
  but when it 's in britain it 's like a birthday party up in this place . 
  so transparent . 
  so funny . 
  why does the meat keep falling out of my taco ? 
  how do i stop it ? 
  this is a serious question and i never met a mexican . 
  could n't think of a better time and place to ask . 
  imagine how many it would be if the refugees and muslims attacking and raping natives was treat as a hate crime . 
  is this the zenith ? 
  oh my god , it has seriously taken 3 minutes just to type up to here . 
  i am * pissing * myself .
