  it 's people like you that lost us the referendum . 
  we are part of the eu . 
  we havent left yet . 
  it 's our business too . 
  the laws that you ca n't understand says so . 
  deal with it . 
  sounds like the best option for you lies over the atlantic , or at least over the channel . 
  the results of our education system getting back on track are at least a decade away . 
  also a legitimate view . 
  i could argue for both to be honest . 
  thats how fucked politics are now . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i 'm in newcastle and working class ( well , kind of on the threshold of not being rich enough to be comfortable but not poor enough to struggle ) . 
  the tories have done more for me in 5 years than labour did in 15 . 
  the big thing for me is education . 
  we can not continue to hold the best back to appease the worst . 
  we 're already suffering the effects of this happening now from the late 90 's . 
  those kids are now adults and we have people with degrees working in mcdonalds whilst some thick twat is a manager in retail now because he got fastracked through an apprenticeship with special treatment ` cos he was a stupid bugger . 
  i can compete with you on rants any day , haha . 
  if a law has been broken is codified by court interpretation . 
  the law itself is the law . 
   what we need is more far-left economic ideology , not less of it , it 's just a matter of convincing people of that . 
  ca n't agree with that . 
  sorry , never in a million years . 
  imagine the drop in intelligence when you tell people they 'll be looked after for life . 
  that they do n't even need to try . 
  the swiss put it to a vote and they did n't like the idea neither . 
  it 's a nice idea , but too many people will take advantage of it . 
  they 'll have their benefit funded retirement planned in their teens . 
  i think you 're right . 
  i voted tory because i saw no improvement happening under labour . 
  the thing is , labour 's voter base comes from the working class . 
  if the working class are doing well , why vote labour ? 
  which is why labour always keep immigration high and wages low . 
  within 1 year of a tory government i had a 10 % pay rise and a 10 % tax cut , so a 20 % pay rise in real terms . 
  it 's in labour 's interests to have low wages . 
  it 's in labours interests to encourage a lifestyle of benefits . 
  we need a whole new party . 
  i do n't ever see labour moving away from their traditional tactic of keeping the working class down so they can blame the nasty right wing tories and garner votes . 
  now , before you berate me , understand that i 'm only 30 . 
  so , historically , labour might have stood for something different , but in my lifetime after 15 years of a labour government , this is all i 've ever known from them . 
  well in that case centrist is the new right . 
  because the left are off the deep end . 
  well the north has always been a labour heartland . 
  now it 's not . 
  so what you must mean is '' the `` core '' of a labour party is n't geographically delineated * anymore * '' because they do n't have a core any more . 
  discounting lazy entitled union members and benefit spunkers . 
  i voted for the tories in the last election . 
  will in the next one . 
  who else is there ? 
   the scottish ones , or the english ones that just voted to leave the eu ? 
  both . 
  a nationalist is a nationalist . 
  so how often are we gon na have votes on scottish independence ? 
  every general election ? 
  every decade ? 
  every time something changes ? 
  whatever . 
  you wo n't pull the wool over my eyes anyway . 
  a nationalist is a nationalist . 
  whether they 've got a toothbrush ` tache or not . 
   but instead they decided to act like smug little shits towards people with different views . 
  so ... . . they did a reddit . 
  i disagree . 
  uncontrolled immigration , a society that not only provided benefits but encouraged being on them , the ` no child left behind ' education policy that held a whole generation of bright kids back so that the thick bastard kids do n't feel as stupid as they are . 
  a state that tried to employ everyone , then had to sack them all in ' 08 . 
  problems the tories did n't fix . 
  they 're all on the left . 
  yeah but we 're already fucked . 
  might as well drag it out and pull as much as we can down with us . 
  all this because we wanted an economic union and not a political one . 
  we 'll all reap what we sowed . 
  ` cos sturgeon needs her fill of attention . 
  they had a vote . 
  they made a decision . 
  that 's that . 
  or does that just apply to english people ? 
  labour were utterly destroyed in the last election . 
  i 'm their core . 
  heart of the north ( the real north , none of this yorkshire , lancashire , fake north crap ) i 'm supposed to be their core . 
  and i wo n't touch a party with jess philips and jeremy corbyn in it . 
  would n't touch it with someone else 's . 
  the thing that makes it hard to understand is the fact that the parties do n't align like they did historically . 
  we had the lib dems in the centre , labour on the left and the tories on the right , then the fringe lunatics , greens on the far left , bnp on the far right etc. . . that 's how it was traditionally . 
  but now we just have a left . 
  tories on the centre left , labour on the far left . 
  so we 're still trying to figure out the right and left issue when really there is n't a right at all . 
  would be good if traditional tories and blairites could start a new centrist party but centrists do n't have the soundbites that a left or right swinging party has so it 's harder to manipulate the easy to fool population . 
   what age do you think is right ? 
  what do you think of elderly people voting ? 
  what about the terminally ill ? 
  the illiterate ? 
  the ones who do n't speak nor understand the official language ? 
  i think anyone that lives here legally should be able to vote . 
  uk is their home too . 
  in this particular referendum it makes sense to be british only but in general elections and local ones i think anyone in the country should have a say about where they live . 
  i would n't dream of saying the elderly or terminally ill should n't vote . 
  it 's an example i used . 
  if 16 and 17 year olds are not allowed the vote because they are n't considered responsible enough then let 's look at other members of society that are n't responsible enough ? 
  the point i was trying to make is that they 're no less responsible than sopme that are eligible .
