  i think we should wait until the next turkish election in 2019 before we decide on visa free travel . 
  if they vote this whack job back in it 's probably better to keep them at a distance . 
  if they support this rat they ca n't be all there in the head . 
  pretty spot on . 
  all options i weighed/we weighed up . 
  that was ... ... i do n't know what that was . 
  are you alright ? 
  bad day ? 
  same reason london luton exists . 
  i 'd like to see how they behave when we stop trying to wind them up every chance we get . 
  the problem boils down shit parents and a working class devoid of any morals or principles . 
  how is the school system supposed to deal with these bastard kids ? 
  i ca n't see any sort of effective discipline coming back so the problems never getting better . 
  or i could send her to a secular public school and she gets her shoes stolen by scumbag kids with crackwhore single mothers for parents . 
  also a very healthy upbringing for a child . 
  or i could send her to boarding school and fuck her up for life . 
  or an all girls school so she is completely inept at forming relationships with men in her adult life . 
  y ` see it 's a trade off . 
  i can tell you 're not a parent . 
  all decisions regarding a child have things to think about , options to weigh up . 
  you shouldnt be so quick to judge . 
  i do n't like it when my daughter comes home and thanks jesus for her dinner instead of her dad , but thats the choice i made so she gets a better education outside of the religious shit . 
  and remember . 
  they always grow up . 
  you probably believed this shit when you were 7 . 
  i did . 
  i do n't mind you asking questions about my family , you did n't insult me in any way . 
  i send my daughter to a catholic school because it gets the best grades in the area . 
  it was a hard decision but we did try her in one of the local public schools and it was terrible . 
  what were we supposed to do ? 
  it just came down to a choice . 
  we can tell our daughter she goes to a faith school and the views there will be biased . 
  the best we can do is make her aware and let her make up her own mind . 
  she 's only 7 right now and she 's already aware i 'm not a believer in any of that stuff and does n't seem to be confused by it . 
  fact is the sort of ` indoctrination ' in the article is just biblical shit that i can nip in the bud . 
  any normal parent can nip it in the bud . 
  faith schools should be monitored and really should be made to stick to the curriculum , but responsibility also lies with the parents . 
   how do you feel being part of the problem ? 
  i 'm guessing , you have all these excuses lined up . 
  i can almost listen to it : i 'm not a christian but ... i respect the values of these traditions and there are a lot of valuable lessons to be learned and its a good school and our tradition and our culture and our tradition and our culture etc etc etc. 
  i 'm not part of the problem . 
  she comes home and i tell her it 's all bullshit . 
  not hard . 
  i do n't value shit about christian culture . 
  the school just gets the highest grades in the area . 
  yeah ok . good dodge . 
  a load of old bollocks but a nice effort . 
  ok then . 
  not really much ` fucked up ' going on then is there , at this christian school i mean . 
  so christians teach that homosexuality is wrong and they believe in creationism ... now , forgive me for being cynical , but this news is 2000 years old . 
  not very current . 
  oh , and , speaking strictly of course about the christian school , it 's not as if they 're encouraging anyone to kill or hurt anyone . 
  i mean , if they were then that would be disgraceful . 
  but ... . . they 're not . 
   i 'm not sure whether you do n't understand how `` derailing the subject '' works , or whether you just do n't understand how reddit works . 
  dont worry , over your head . 
  for the first time this year there are more people of no religion than christians in the uk . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_united_kingdom http://www.newsweek.com/continuing-identify-uk-christian-county-divisive-and-false-466207 http://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/05/britain-really-is-ceasing-to-be-a-christian-country/ there 's also a pretty good guardian article but the day i link so that cesspool is the day i give up on life . 
  this story is what 's derailing the subject , especially considering the source . 
  well i wo n't let them so easily . 
  if you want to discuss christian fundamentalism then there 's plenty of people here you can do that with , and i promise not to get involved and derail your conversation with them . 
  there . 
  sorted . 
  uk would be majority secular if it was n't for muslims . 
  and that 's a cold hard fact . 
  obvious comparisons are changing the subject ? 
  fuck me you people ... you people . 
  smh . 
  well you should n't have wondered how long . 
  it 's an obvious comparison to make . 
  take the beret off , silly . 
  suuuuuuuure that was the reason . 
  they do n't do that in muslim countries * at all * ca n't believe you just blamed the west for islamic doctrination . 
  the muslims do it with no repercussions so i 'm not gon na get too mad over this . 
  at least when my daughter comes home i can correct her . 
  how often do you reckon that happens with an indoctrinated muslim kid ? 
  the folks with oil are the uk . 
  and scotland wants to leave it . 
  the oil is in international waters , and the rigs and pipelines are all in place . 
  all british owned ( well , privately owned by corporations registered in uk . ), 
  sure , scotland can get the stuff thats in its eea , that should get them through about a year or two . 
   a feeling of pleasure or satisfaction when something bad happens to someone else that 's not a word , haha . 
  also my understanding is that it 's a guilty feeling of pleasure . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  it is n't a shitshow for norway . 
  unless consistently being in the top 3 richest countries with highest gdp and lowest spending with absolutely zero debt is a shitshow . 
  my favourite word ever . 
  wish there was an english alternative . 
  'll debunk the first bit for you , ` cos it is n't true in the slightest , i added it for the belligerence  second bit . 
  you wo n't be able to debunk that bit fella , ` cos it 's true . 
  brown sold our gold for record low prices . 
  fact of life . 
  as true as the sky is blue . 
  jim murphy ruined labour in the north so that the tories will rule the uk forever now . 
  salmond is one of the single stupidest motherfuckers i 've ever seen . 
  and that 's not just out of the politicians . 
  sturgeon contradicts herself every times she opens her gob and comes out with some mental policies drawn up from the fantasy land of her equally inept colleagues in holyrood . 
  let 's also not forget that the racist scottish government allows foreign students in for free , scottish students in for free , irish students in for free , but not english ones . 
  they can fuck themselves . 
  imagine of we did that to scottish people ?
