  i see it more as humour . 
  it 's hard to get across in text . 
  see , if i were rude i would say ; '' are you utterly retarded ? 
  a child knows that these sanctions are to do with the yanks . 
  my fucking dog knows these sanctions have u.s written * all * over them . 
  what insane planet have you been on the past few years '' but i did n't say that ... ... ` cos i 'm nice , 
   sure if we are talking about 1/5 of our total exports , however russia 's share of our exports have traditionally been around ~ 11 % which is significant but not absolutely vital since around 60 % of our exports go to eu countries . 
  furthermore a significant portion of our exports to russia have been re-exports ( up to 40 % in fact ) ( source in finnish ) . 
  so while russia is an important trading partner for us , losing 1/5 of our trade with them is not a matter of live and death in the long term . 
  sure , ok . you 've researched it more than me . 
   and the sanctions have nothing to do with being nice to the yanks i wo n't accept that though . 
  e.u only made sanctions on the demand of u.s. 
  finland is bigger than uk . 
  i have no delusions of historical grandeur . 
  play that game with a ukiper . 
   the sanction have overwhelming popularity among finns good for you . 
  your country your business . 
   has nothing to do with yanks . 
  cracks good up there i see . 
  is it cheap ? 
  you do realize a whole 1/5 of trade loss is economically devestating right ? 
  or are we just being nice to the yanks because they increased a bit of trade to offset the sanctions . 
  in other words , at least they 're tickling your balls while they 're fucking you . 
  it is a matter of internal affairs as far as russia is concerned . 
  they said crimea is theirs now . 
  anyone stopped them ? 
  u.s just talk a lot . 
  hello words , meet actions . 
  so you mention crimea and i reply to it and it 's off topic ? 
  you fucking people . 
  you ... . . fucking ... people . 
  might have to redraw those plans next month . 
  fundings gon na be less . 
   also our trade with russia has collapsed good job you listened to the yanks eh ? 
  seems like it 's working out well for you . 
  here 's the thing . 
  in crimea ... ... no trouble . 
  it 's almost as if they approve of being part of russia . 
  obviously i would never suggest that as it interferes with the circle jerk but is n't that interesting . 
  they lap that shit up from the u.s though . 
  listen to yourself . 
  '' i 'm so intelligent , i follow the * correct * propaganda '' . 
  jesus if you people had self awareness it would be dangerous . 
  good stuff msf . 
  you 're wrong but at least you have principles . 
  scotland votes for whoever gives them money . 
  if they leave the uk their welfare state will collapse . 
  they 're ... ... ... . 
  oh , so we 're turning this in to a right v left thing i see ( well , a leftist sex party , but you get what i 'm saying ) . 
  one boil of a kettle is the same as 1 hour running a pc . 
  and the kosovo referendum . 
  i used to respect the european public . 
  always seemed more intelligent , more self aware and not willing to be played like a fiddle by team america . 
  that was until we turned against a valuable trading and regional geo-political partner just because the yanks told us to . 
  stupid cunts . 
  vote brexit , leave these monkeys to america . 
  no , but they shout ( cry ) the loudest . 
  glock 19 for # 500 . 
  i do n't own an illegal handgun . 
  but it 's always good to know where to get one . 
  i did n't know he had returned to sa . 
  i would be disappointed with that but given what came out at his trial he 's probably better off here . 
  yeah but at the same time we jailed a saudi prince for 20 years . 
  the faux academic idiot writing this really did go through some mental gymnastics in that article . 
  mmmm-hmm . 
  the guardian . 
  walther p99 is # 650 here . 
  stole my line , damn guardian hacks . 
  i can get a gun tomorrow if i wanted . 
  anyone here could . 
  perfect for you eh ? 
  she 's not cold yet , leave your agenda at the door just for a few of hours yeah ? 
  what the fuck is going on in this world ? 
  oh well if it 's just a case of ` deserving ' it then yeah absolutely , ca n't say we do n't deserve a lot of shit . 
  happy ? 
  it 's a silly question . 
  you 're asking me if i care about me more than i care about you . 
  do n't think many people would care if it was just me . 
  i would n't go to an anti war rally in trafalgar square , which is all i said in the first place . 
  you obviously interpreted that as ` let nuke turkey ' for some reason . 
  well it 's never really come up . 
  i regularly criticize uk in current affairs . 
  what do you want to hear about my opinion on uk historically then ? 
  you get to be the first to bring it up seeing as it seems so important to you . 
  i 'll gladly oblige if it stops your very incorrect assumptions about me . 
  tell you what i 'll do for you . 
  i 'll go in to a history thread , find a post about something bad the uk did , i dunno the crusades or dresden bombings or something , and i 'll give my opinion on the uk in the comments ( which would be negative ) you 've called me a hypocrite 3 times with absolutely nothing to go on . 
  do n't worry , i do n't expect an apology . 
  i agree . 
  we probably disagree on what that clear stance should be . 
  how do you know i do n't have a negative view on my own country ? 
  they have a riverbank . 
  who cares . 
  we 're talking about other shit . 
  finally . 
  the first honest assessment on this whole thing . 
  no one knows . 
  who saw it coming from this guy . 
  terrible comparison . 
  czechoslovakia was n't a failed state at the time .
