  a dangerous people . 
  never ask questions . 
  and i respect your decision to blindly speculate . 
  and eu states . 
  trade goes both ways . 
  if we leave and they want to play hardball i ca n't wait till we send all the eu migrants back . 
  oh , you want to be petulant ? 
  here 's 3 million unemployed ... oh you think they 'll go back to their original countries ? 
  no , no , no . 
  have fun germany , 
  this is why the eu should have remained an economic union and not a political one . 
  so now we have to suffer hungarian corruption by taking in all the people screwed over . 
   yes . 
  what a currency becoming stronger means is that everyone in the currency area becomes wealthier in buying power relative to the rest of the world . 
  wages rise in terms of how many iphones or manga books or cans of columbian coffee beans one can buy . 
  people do n't work just so that they can export something ( unless you have some sort of deep and profound love of just making things and shipping them places ) . 
  they work so that they can get something in turn . 
  the euro strengthening would reduce german exports because germans ( and other eurozone members ) would be paid more in real terms , and so would be more expensive relative to the rest of the world . 
  you can always have workers work at lower rates if they want to do so -- just go out and work for less money , and more people out there in the world will be willing to buy your now-cheaper product . 
  that 's all a currency strengthening or weakening is doing . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than that . 
  stronger currency means higher export prices . 
  higher export prices mean people start to look elsewhere . 
  germany is an import/export economy , it * needs * it 's exports to be competitive . 
  if they 're not they wo n't sell enough to afford it 's imports . 
  so yeah , you 'll have more purchasing power * if * anyone buys your expensive stuff . 
  which they wont . 
  because china . 
  and to an extent usa , india , brazil and a couple others . 
  maybe russia too . 
  perfect example of this is uk . 
  strongest currency in the world . 
  yet our steel industry has disappeared , our car industry in tatters , manufacturing industries non existent . 
  it 's too expensive to buy our shit , so no one does . 
   you 're referring to greece , right ? 
  germany lost ( and probably will lose ) a bunch of money on greece . 
  if that was intentional , it does n't seem like a very good plan for germany ... spain , italy , portugal , greece . 
  if these economies recover and the euro gets stronger it will negatively affect german exports . 
  do you think germany will let that happen ? 
  germany has * made * money by keeping greece down . 
  and those other three mentioned plus ireland . 
  here 's a quote i stole from someone smarter than me . 
  * this is one reason why the greek bailout talks are still going . 
  germans need the greeks more than the greeks need the germans . 
  greece could exit euro , devalue currency , get back to competitiveness . 
  they have no `` charlemagne dream '' of an united europe and will be no worse than they are now . 
  they still have a robust tourism industry and might find a good market for their tourism and olives with the drachma . 
  on the other hand , for germany it is a steep downhill from where they are now . 
  they have the most to lose if euro collapses . 
  the fallout will be economic , political and geopolitical . 
  *  well , it 's provided more market opportunities . 
  the same has happened for the uk though , right ? 
  provided more market opportunities * for them * uk is n't in the euro . 
  we only have benefits when it comes to european markets . 
  we negotiate all outside trade by ourselves with our own currency , which is why an eu exit wo n't hit our economy nearly as much as they say it will ( thats not an endorsement to leave btw ) . 
  when germany is strong someone always suffers . 
  southern europe in poverty now . 
  germany stronger than ever . 
  of course they love the eu . 
  look what it 's done for them . 
  suppose we should be grateful they 're only murdering economies now . 
   germans get richer while southern europe lags as is the plan . 
  yeah but putin does n't like that so as far as the rest of europe is concerned you can do what you want . 
  ukraine more corrupt than russia ? 
  that 'll rustle some jimmies round here . 
  '' hugbox compromised !, 
  alert !, 
  hugbox compromised ! '', 
  here 's a billion quid , build irrigation systems so you can create sustainable farmland ... ... ... ... ... oh , you gave it to warlords . 
  how about we make them accept deportations and stop giving them blood money . 
  yeah well , you 'll get over it . 
  we 're both :d, 
  do n't like fun being made of the hugbox ? 
  come on , at least let me laugh at it . 
  jokes better than anger . 
  yeah let 's lock someone up who one of the best intelligence services in the world have said was probably framed so you can keep sucking ukraine off . 
  sounds sensible . 
  what ? 
  honest , upstanding , can do no wrong , ukraine have arrested innocent people on a government agenda ? 
  rubbish !, 
  this is clearly lies . 
  find a way that this is putins fault now !, 
  well , i 'm guessing if the votes are coming from germany they 're remain votes . 
  does n't matter anyway . 
  we are n't leaving the eu . 
  no matter the referendum result . 
  that 's the eu for you . 
  only the eu can find itself in such a bureaucratic situation . 
  anyone tried looking under uk 's bed ? 
  haha . 
  ok wannabe mr intelligent . 
  there is n't a block list for just comments . 
  but you 're just so smart , you should know that . 
  another faux academic . 
  how did you pull that out your arse from '' stop winding them up '' i did n't say russia was a good guy here . 
  just read the words that are written instead of trying to create something out of it to try and look clever . 
  how ? 
  and by ` we ' i mean nato . 
  so in 9 months when ukraine does n't pay and gazprom cuts it 's supply we all get to rip on russia for being terrible people that do n't give shit away for free . 
  ` cos it 's not like this place is an anti russian hugbox or anything .
