  why did n't you mention , so everyone can see that does n't click the link , that close to half of the article is contrary views ? 
  see , i know what you did here . 
  you thought you were talking to your average reddit idiot that just reads the article . 
  i skip straight to the sources . 
  are you joking ? 
  you linked to the evidently biased wikipedia of which not one source is after 2006 . 
  so ... . . your experts thought this 10 years ago . 
  not a peep in the last decade . 
  why is that ? 
  and your other link . 
  a partisan leftist think tank . 
  well , i 'm sure they 're not going to push their agenda * at all * . 
  totally trustworthy . 
  face it . 
  the thought that this hilarious attempt at a union could become a superpower ever , especially without statehood , is laughable . 
  do something as simple and obvious as standardising your tax rates and i 'll begin to start taking the eu semi seriously . 
  do you know what a superpower is ? 
  if you wo n't be on the scale of the u.s , you 're not a superpower . 
  and to become a superpower you need to become a state . 
  if the eu becomes a state , good for you if you want it . 
  at least i can still call myself british . 
  at least we won ; t be selling ourselves for a bit of extra cash . 
  if economic unions are superpowers then the tpp is the worlds only superpower by a long , long way . 
   the entire point of the eu is , instead of becoming vassal of some other superpower and following their laws and yet you 've still got u.s military all over your land and you 're shit scared of russia . 
  proper superpower . 
  so powerful you need help from someone else whilst cowering in the corner from a threat you made up . 
  strength makes you a superpower . 
  strength in the economy . 
  you ca n't even standardise your tax rates . 
  you 're all in competition with each other . 
  great union , pffft . 
  strength in the military . 
  pah !, 
  don ; t make me laugh , your militaries are so shit you need to combine them to be taken seriously . 
  and whilst you 're busy * not * doing that , it 's the uk , u.s and france that has to protect the rest of you . 
  and france ca n't do much as it 's a bit busy trying ( and failing ) to protect itself at the moment . 
  which leads me to the reason for that ... ... ... ... let 's not mention you 'll invite any fucker in , even if they want to kill you . 
  the liberal fairy eu , full of soft , bleeding hearts will never be a superpower . 
  ever . 
  i 'm talking historically . 
  forever . 
  for all of time . 
  back then they put them in gulags , today they put them in ghetto 's . 
  the left have always been like this . 
  it 's the sentiment that 's always remained the same . 
  i disagree . 
  the left have never achieved * anything * in history . 
  sorry , my bad , in uk they did one thing . 
  the nhs . 
  which , because they are leftists , they ran in to the ground because a leftists ca n't plan a night of drinking in a brewery with free beer without going over budget . 
  the left love censorship . 
  the left call you racist , sexist , blah blah blah if you disagree with them . 
  globally , the left murder . 
  relentlessly . 
  gulags , concentration camps , forced labour . 
  in the civilised world , the left give all our money away for free . 
  the left promote a benefits lifestyle . 
  the left keeps wages low , so there are still people that vote for them . 
  the modern left are bigots . 
  they believe in segregation . 
  they play on racial divides and exacerbate them . 
  they tell lies to suit their narrative ( wage gap myth anyone ? ) . 
  here 's the difference between the left and the right . 
  those billionaires that you say are laughing at us ... . the right aspires to be like them . 
  the left wants to bring him down , take all his money for themselves and punish him for daring to be successful . 
  the left are scum . 
  proof ? 
  this subreddit . 
  a leftist can rip on a right winger all they like . 
  call them all sorts of unfounded , insulting names and be praised for it . 
  when a right winger goes off on a leftist ... ... . banned . 
  i know . 
  weird that . 
  being salty at a leftist retard . 
  i do n't understand it . 
  what happened to just laughing at you ? 
  sweden, 
  is that all you lot have ever got on your minds !!!, 
  come on man . 
  you 've been doing this for 100 years . 
  it 's getting too much now . 
  british empire was a state . 
  eu is n't . 
  eu does n't exist as a state . 
  it was a silly idea . 
  it has been treat with silliness , as it should have been . 
  the salt in here ai n't coming from the brits , 
  of course it was a joke . 
  just like the eu one was ... ... . was n't it ? 
  then they 'd know more than anyone else in the world . 
  because no one knows if it 's a mistake or not yet . 
  but anyway , i did n't come here for that discussion . 
  i came to join my politician in taking the piss , 
  you included uk in the numbers . 
  that 's the past  we 've left in all but name . 
  not even invited to some of the meetings anymore . 
  it was a joke . 
  haha . 
  hey mainlanders ... . you know that feeling you just got ? 
  the feeling of '' pfffffff what !?
