so the title `` marxist , collaborationist and authoritarian '' '' is inaccurate ? 
  is anyone shocked really ? 
  yurup 's attempt to become a superpower is just a bit too starship trooper-y for my tastes . 
  dead commies are still dead commies tbh, 
  looks like you voted for the facist after all . 
  good job getting bamboozled france . 
  giving money to africans to fight wars is a dumb idea because africans are terrible at fighting wars . 
  ( once again , except against the italians . 
  that zimbabwean air landing that one time was pretty badass too ), 
  so i can either die because i 'm broke or because there are 60 people waiting before me ? 
  we have long ago established that nobody except white people that one time in africa can fight ( unless pitted against italians ) . 
  he might have a point . 
  nederweed , nobody has to sit in a faraway prison for that stuff . 
  i 'm a poor white man , can i bomb people too ? 
  i already put 20 bucks on brave new world do n't 1984 me here, 
  oh yes , be angry at america . 
  do n't be angry at china , which pollutes as much as the us and europe combined and despite signing will be exempt from the bill untill 2030 ( after which they 'll just leave it ), 
  at least we can confirm that the git ai n't studying english that 's for damn sure . 
  `` academic : noun a teacher or scholar in a university or other institute of higher education . '', 
  - google you could have supreme knowledge of street-shitting culture as far as i know . 
  it 's just a buzzword you threw in to sound smart and you know it . 
  `` as an academic '' gives you about as much authority on the subject as me saying `` as a burgerflipper '', 
  did n't sheckelberg say that all the banks were leaving the uk before ? 
  `` berlin shuts down dissent in an attempt to protect democratic principles . '', 
  the `` victim '' was jewish , of course it had to be shut down . 
  mutti merkel is getting old , she needs to hurry things up if she wants to see the fourth reich in her lifetime . 
  burglary gone wrong is what they 're claiming right ? 
  got my coverups mixed up . 
  so now it 's murder but when seth rich gets shot it 's suicide ? 
  / r/thenetherlands is a liberal fortification that no common sense can penetrate . 
  cityfolk pretending that people care about their opinions . 
  0.3 good goy points have been deposited in your account . 
  jews are n't white . 
  oi vey it 's literally another shoah, 
  `` b-brexit is a disaster '' says increasingly nervous hook-nosed man for the fifth time this second . 
  fuck off , we 're in it for the sheckels only get this shit out of here . 
  i 'm pretty sure when us mainlanders came to england for safety we were begging to fly your spitfires and shoot your rifles . 
  we should make the eu nannystate force it on them !, 
  that 's good for democracy . 
  dear france , i spit on your grave . 
  yanis varoufakis is a greek economic . 
  does any more need to be said ? 
  america gave us the nukes , we do n't need any of you . 
  they 're searching the army for signs of dissent . 
  you did n't say `` jewish holocaust victims '' . 
  remain where you are and put your hands behind your head , the jidf will be with you shortly . 
  never trust the germans . 
  better the nazis than the soviets . 
  ... i thought the soviets hated religion ? 
  . . you lot do realize that she 's either stupid or talking about communists , right ? 
  you sure this is n't anti-muslim ? 
  they hate both freedom and equality after all . 
  and so , the eternal normie destroys another hobby . 
  radio-controlled aircraft was always the coolest dad-hobby , you will be sorely missed . 
  ... why are you yanks even here ? 
  do you have a single fact to back that up ? 
  practically every barrack on the planet has a display cabinet with historic equipment in it . 
  this is n't a nazi shrine , it 's a piece of history . 
  not nazi memorabilia , nazi-era memoribilia . 
  you are being tricked . 
  did you lot even read the article ? 
  they have helmets and stuff . 
  the article even states that they did n't have any swastikas . 
  army bases across the world have historic items and pictures of old soldiers in a display cabinet somewhere . 
  this is n't news , this is just a bunch of guys collecting uniforms . 
  notice how the article lacks a picture . 
  if you form your own judgement they ca n't tell you what to think , eh ? 
  . . they 're arabs , what did you expect ? 
  people calling you a faggot should n't stop you from using a rubber , you stupid cunt . 
  i 'm not saying that we have to go full robocommie . 
  automatization tax should be used to guarantee a livable income . 
  if you want more you 're gon na have to do something with some merit to it . 
  then how come aids victims are decreasing among all demographics except homosexuals ? 
  maybe not your politicians , but your business mogels ? 
  we 're beating the system !, 
  well , not us . 
  we have the wacky splinter thing . 
  but i 'm hoping that that 's how the yanks are doing it . 
  maybe trump really is playing 4d chess . 
  yes , i 'm afraid that the left will continue to grow untill either the eu gets sucked into a war and we turn into the united citizens federation , we become the new kaliphate , or we nearly become the kaliphate and either go full / fash / or die in a nuclear holocaust . 
  if populism wins we might get a guy who 's a bit fashy ( not full fash , we 're missing the hit squads . 
  liberals have government surveillance down to a t though . 
  ) , realize that probably is n't the answer either ( though now the immigrant population has probably thinned ) and go for the glorious automatization future where we can all live off automatization tax ( low birth rates and a low population are a plus !, 
  less tax to pay ! ), 
  the boost in robotics and automation will probably get us living on other planets . 
  no , the populism hype is an attempt by the people with actual jobs to overthrow the self-feeding bureaucrats . 
  the lefties outnumber them not on the merit of their arguments , or because their world view is the most practical , it 's because it sounds the most appealing in theory ( and it produces a lot of completely worthless jobs ), 
  oh , my post was instantly censored by big brother for linking to breitbart . 
  i mean , naziism did fix their shitty economy . 
  if you cut it off somewhere before `` gas the jews , race war now '' and keep good ol' democracy in place so you can get rid of the cunt if you do n't like him i doubt that it 'll end badly . 
  on macron 's thing , here 's a breitbart source , which cites a french radio interview , which is nowhere to be found . 
  i 'll just hope with you that breitbart 's full of shit and that he 's not actually as insane as that comment made him sound . 
  i think you 're all hot air . 
  but i 'll write it down again for you . 
  `` automatization and automatization tax will pay for our pensions and continue our growth even while the population decreases . 
  it was a huge mistake to import and retain large quantities of low-educated workers even after the work had ran out . '', 
  with the little addendum `` no business wants to invest in a country where someone explodes every other week . '', 
  am i wrong ? 
  is this clearly not the better solution ? 
  why do you still cling to the immigrants that clearly are n't working at all ?
