they 're also legally moroccan , that 's the real problem . 
  the mayor of rotterdam has made it one of his points of attention to not have anyone sleep on the street . 
  hahahaha, 
  some skyscrapers resemble new york , like * [ hotel manhattan ] ( http://www.veilingkans.nl/auction_images/22.jpg ) * . 
  after the flood of 1953 we constructed the [ delta works ] ( http://www.neeltjejans.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/stormvloedkering-2-900x600.jpg ) , a series of defence mechanisms . 
  if only flanders and the netherlands would form a political union ... 
  when were you there ? 
  the markthal is a pretty nice place to visit , but it only recently opened . 
  i should get paid by the dutch tourism board . 
  there 's billions of asians and only millions of europeans . 
  now that asians are becoming wealthier , trade is becoming more important over there . 
  no i have not , i just used google images , but they 're most certainly very nice . 
  we will always be in a love-hate relationship with the sea :d, 
  throwing money at africa has proven to be ineffective . 
  way to ruin the new usa-eu relationship before it even started . 
  well , it 's fairer than just profiting from the fact that you 're northern irish or happen to be eligible for another eu passport . 
  yeah , that 's why you should n't come when it 's crowded . 
  that sub is pictures only , this is a more general sub and it has more subscribers so it gets more attention . 
  because we want to see them here !, 
  that 's true , but not for the better , so this could still happen , even under clinton . 
  i did n't say our heritage is any better , although the city centre of amsterdam is pretty nice . 
  obama was n't ? 
  presidents have little influence on institutional racism . 
  my party ? 
  i am appalled by trump , but i wo n't let that blur my vision , she made a stupid remark . 
  she did not explicitly make the distinction between active supporters and reluctant voters . 
  it 's just not done in any election to call out your opponent 's supporters . 
  she said `` you can put half of his supporters in what i call the basket of deplorables '' and 50 % of approx . 
  45 % of americans is not a small number . 
  trump is not responsible for whoever decides to endorse him . 
  to call half of america a basket of deplorables is just wrong and nasty , and hillary understood she had made a mistake and apologised . 
  not surprising after all the insults . 
  basket of deplorables , racists , homophobes , sexists ... 
  so your heritage is basically a bunch of fancy stone piles ? 
  why ? 
  oh europe , you never fail me . 
  whenever rotterdam becomes congested , we simply build [ more rotterdam ] ( http://www.ikgo.nl/files/cache/179f7a8ec3d2389f4bf0081d25d02420_f122.jpg ) , there 's enough north sea for us to conquer for the next century to come . 
  as opposed to the non-dutch version of amsterdam ? 
  such a waste of money , ca n't believe anyone would think $ 500 is a reasonable amount of money to give to one particular group in times of fiscal hardship . 
  i kind of want us to be a federation , but i also want to keep politics at the national level , because i 'm afraid giving too much power to one entity will result in power abuse , lobbying and less engagement in politics . 
   people would beat you with a stick in estonia if you slugged 10km/h . 
  do estonians generally keep sticks in their cars ? 
  why ca n't you take a joke , * pal * ? 
  also as if being gay makes you incompetent in the first place . 
  obviously there could have been other motives at play , like not wanting to get into a legal battle with your employer , and the damage that could do to his own image , because people like you do n't understand it . 
  joking about religion should not be considered harmful and is actually pretty healthy human behaviour . 
  i assume this contract is subject to british law , not iranian or saudi arabian , so i guess that if brought before a judge , the athlete would have a strong case arguing that `` harmful to one 's image '' involves inciting hatred and violence toward muslims , not mocking islam . 
  not one that triggers me , just one that makes you look very stupid . 
  why ? 
  you get to participate because you 're good at sports . 
  sure , you must behave , but you ca n't expect athletes to act like diplomats . 
  not really , there are interviews he gave before this speech in which he clarified he wants to evict criminal moroccans , not ` just ' moroccans . 
  i doubt his contract says ` you shall not mock islam ' . 
  it probably says something like ` you will not engage in acts that harm our image ' , and this should not be qualified as such an act . 
  ridiculous , one should be able to ridicule the way people * choose * to live and it 's not like he humiliated a specific person or something . 
  perhaps , but without atat\u00fcrk there would n't even have been a turkey , just some incoherent regions . 
  well i was told by an anti-erdogan dutch turk , so maybe she was biased . 
  she also told me about the one minute of silence ( turkey style ) each year on november 10th to commemorate his death , like in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrkjnf0kglc ) . 
  i actually thought insulting atat\u00fcrk was considered seriously offensive in turkey , but apparently it 's okay as long as erdogan does it . 
  which is the point / u/mrflow / was making . 
  no , because dutch is a lot more similar to german , yet my german is n't half as good as my english . 
  every language in the netherlands . 
   ( and lol , always on the radio ) it may sound odd , but not even on the radio will you hear dubbing in the netherlands . 
  they just play the fragment , and afterwards the host will explain what was said . 
  if the fragment was in english , he wo n't even bother . 
   something else which is usually voice covered is live transmission of an event in another language , where you got some stressed reporter listening and then trying to summarize what was just said . 
  i think in the last couple years the live transmissions of the oscars ( ! ), 
  in portugal tried to leave a lot more untranslated so people could hear the original ( if you are awake and watching at that time of the night chances are your english is good enough anyway ) . 
  over here we usually do live subtitling , which means some spelling errors and such , but still no dubbing . 
  the american presidential debates were broadcast live but with a small delay ( 1 or 2 minutes ) so it could be subtitled live . 
  literally nothing gets dubbed here , nothing except for children 's movies , but even then there 's an * original version * available . 
  does n't matter what language you speak , we always use subtitles , movies , tv shows , news programmes , you name it . 
  it would be very weird to see a nepalese man express his emotions after an earthquake and then hear a voice-over duplicate him . 
  can confirm this for the czech republic as well . 
  i did n't have to leave the movie theatre when the movie started . 
  are n't interviews and speeches in the uk generally dubbed on the news ? 
  i know this map is about movies , but does n't it imply that the uk does dubbing as well , just not movies , because there 's too little of an audience for foreign movies to be dubbed . 
  send them back to libya , demand help from europe to arrange this , instead of asking europe to take over migrants . 
   the creators of the referendum even admitted that their main goal was destabilizing the eu . 
  the creators of the referendum do not exist , over 300.000 people individually requested this referendum for whichever reason they had . 
  one man claiming it had nothing to do with ukraine is not representative for over 300.000 people . 
   because it has nothing to do with the netherlands . 
  then why do you need our ratification ? 
  apparently we 're not involved in or bound by this treaty . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean by you 're implying that 32 % turn-out is too low for treaties , but significant enough for european policy making when it comes to judging the democratic legitimacy . 
   luckily it looks like the netherlands will be excluded and the rest of the countries will go ahead . 
  just like i said in my first comment , no big deal . 
  why not ? 
  one treaty is more important than five years of european legislative decisions ? 
  that 's more than the eu elections in 1999 . 
  yeah , there 's been a lot of criticism . 
  some argue that you do n't even need a minimum turn-out as it 's just an advisory referendum so if turn-out is low , politicians can take that into account . 
  i voted in favour of the treaty , but we live in a democracy , i ca n't expect the government to ignore this 2/3-majority no-vote . 
  it simply means the eu will go ahead with the trade part and the 27 other member states will have their own agreement , it 's not the end of the world . 
  what if someone would say i do n't serve black people or i do n't serve scots . 
  now if one company does that you probably shrug and go somewhere else . 
  now what if every company in your town decides to not serve your kind , you just go for a drive ? 
  you ca n't allow such behaviour . 
  we do ? 
  are we seeing the same map ?
