  another trivial thing i noticed is that argentinians pronounce `` ll '' as in for example `` fallar '' totally different from spaniards . 
  perhaps those people have additional insurance which has them covered , but additional coverage is not a requirement for anyone . 
  special dental treatments are covered though , just not the regular stuff . 
  compared to countries like russia , the us , germany and china it is . 
   a checkup is around 20 $ , and thanks to our insurance system , it 's often fully reimbursed . 
  it 's not though . 
  regular check-ups are not covered , you need additional private insurance if you are over 18 . 
  i do n't think wallonia would agree with adding 3.5 million dutch speaking citizens . 
  you will have to choose : limburg and brabant , or wallonia . 
  you do n't have to outrun a terrorist with a knife , you just have to make sure you outrun your partner . 
  how can the czech republic feel like home , are you insinuating the czech republic is an eastern european country , because it 's not , we are central european !!!, 
  - some czechs on reddit . 
  to be honest i 'm not even sure if it 's authentic and not just something we recently adopted from abroad . 
   and yes you could technically just fill up netflix with a bunch of french/german movies for bulgarian netflix watchers but that does n't make much sense . 
  why does n't that make sense ? 
  i do n't see how that makes any less sense than filling it with american content ? 
  that does n't explain the large differences within the eu . 
  ireland has almost twice as much content as the netherlands for example . 
   i feel like people who are still complaining are people who are simply not willing to pay for their entertainment no matter what . 
  people are mostly complaining about paying just as much as american users , but getting far less in return . 
  well since you all speak brazilian , you guys might as well be americans . 
  look , i 'm not here to argue whether morocco is in the middle east , i simply mentioned it to erase any doubts one might have as for some people the middle east equals the arab or muslim world . 
  true , we would not win as many medals as we do now . 
  however , compared to the us which has a broadly uniform sports culture , the eu ( apart from football ) has a rather diverse sports culture with a lot of member states excelling in different disciplines . 
  it 's not a risky bet to say we would be on top . 
  my experience as a tourist in prague was that it was about 10-20 % cheaper with some items being a whole lot less expensive ( beer , entrance fees ) and others not being much cheaper ( most imported goods ) . 
  i was told countries that lie further east like hungary and poland are even less expensive . 
  an example : as a student i paid only $ 5 for a movie ticket which would cost me at least twice as much in the netherlands . 
  it lies further west , but middle east is not purely a geographical term . 
  i do n't hear many people say cyprus is a middle eastern country just because it lies further east than greece . 
  i have a jar full of 1c/2c coins that i have n't touched in what seems like over ten years . 
  perhaps , there is n't a solid definition of what the middle east encompasses . 
  we would dominate the olympics . 
  ~ ~ switzerland would become an enclave . ~ ~ forgot about liechtenstein , although i 'm sure there will be some sort of arrangement if the eu were to federalize which includes the microstates . 
  i do n't feel safe travelling to the middle east . 
  apart from israel , the rich gulf states and morocco , i think lebanon and jordan are some of the better options in terms of being relatively safe and liberal . 
  lots of tourists indeed , but outside of amsterdam it 's still manageable . 
  i live in rotterdam , ai n't nobody teaching me anything about multicultural skyscrapers !, 
  i would say amsterdam , but others might say the [ randstad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/randstad ) in general . 
  as for country , probably the uk ( read : england ) or russia , but honestly i would n't consider any country to be smug . 
  okay , i guess that 's your interpretation . 
  * turkish in my experience arab migrants do n't pass on their language as eagerly as turks do . 
  black pete is racism . 
  the nudist beach does not stretch out into the city centre , put on some clothes next time and you 'll be fine . 
  if you do n't avoid eye contact , does that mean people just silently stare at each other ? 
  i have n't had much of a big shock anywhere in europe , having been mostly in western europe though . 
  perhaps young people not being able to speak english in barcelona was a shock , but language has always been a barrier in europe so nothing too bad . 
  when it 's hot two times a day , when it 's not once a day or slightly less if i do n't really have to go anywhere . 
  it 's not really controversial , but it 's still seen as something uncommon and interesting . 
  here 's an [ interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5rcycw66t8 ) with a transgender kid transitioning from girl to boy in a late night talk show . 
  [ this is an item ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx8uaktga-k ) in a news programme for children about a transgender girl , not controversial at all . 
  the ` jezus redt ' type ? 
  yeah , i think i saw her once , but that was after my time in the states . 
  a sandwich with [ apple butter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apple_butter ) . 
  what about malta though ? 
  yeah , it 's pretty silly , everybody ignored them . 
  in d.c. a man all of a sudden ran atop a small hill near the lincoln memorial and started screaming that we were all sinners going to hell . 
  i literally thought he was going to grab a gun and shoot us all . 
  bear in mind i had never witnessed anything like this at the time . 
  what shocked me most in the us were the free refills ( soda is treated like water ) and the [ creepy street preachers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avf13fm_jwc ) . 
  i had never encountered a street preacher in europe , but in the us i came across several . 
  screaming their lungs out as if jesus was standing right in front of them . 
  the first time a man starting screaming out of nowhere , i almost shit my pants . 
  our relationship with the surinamese people is overall pretty good , but we are no fans of the current surinamese government . 
  simply put it 's led by a drug dealing war criminal . 
  the indians were colonised , white americans were colonisers that simply severed ties with their home country over a tax conflict . 
  edit : a bit blunt perhaps , not trying to be rude here , just kind of specifying . 
  [ de loonse en drunense duinen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5w0ag6a2kn8 ) ? 
   negotiate with other countries on behalf of the entire eu ( but individual states can decide to ignore any of their decisions ) that will never work . 
  who would negotiate with someone that can not keep his promises ? 
  sounds like somebody is scared to lose ... !, 
  and liechtenstein ? 
   no offence to my fellow europeans but i grew up in scotland in the 1980 's that 's okay , we 've all done things we later came to regret . 
  i was born and grew up in the netherlands and i still live there . 
  if i had to pick a country other than my own , i would probably say denmark as it 's rather similar and i just really like it here . 
  these kids need to find themselves a different hobby . 
  hey !, 
  first of all have fun in europe !, 
  if you 're interested in seeing amsterdam , visiting the anne frank house should be on your list , but if you 're only interested in the anne frank house and nothing else there i would recommend visiting a former concentration camp close to your destination in germany instead . 
  in the end it only matters what germany and france will do , as long as they continue to form a union , it will attract other countries . 
  i know , i 'm using libya as an example of what syria could end up like . 
  this applies to all western countries , assad is still better than the chaos we now see in libya . 
  for what it 's worth we sometimes even work on our own national holidays such as liberation day . 
  i do n't think anybody can answer this question without having sufficient experience with ( researching ) all healthcare systems . 
  you told me historically estonia and latvia have a closer connection , you told me internally you refer to the baltics including estonia in soviet context , how am i supposed to know what you base your claim on ? 
  so your justification is ethno-linguistic , it 's not that hard . 
  still not answering my question , because you could come up with all sorts of combinations based on those variables , you apparently came up with a combination of two countries yourself , what is your justification ? 
  but only those three countries are referred to as the baltic states , and you seem to suggest one is not baltic , hence my question : what makes a country baltic ? 
   two of which are baltic what makes a country baltic if not just geography and historical connotation ? 
  [ someone walking around rotterdam . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/kbczwmamgb8 ), 
  i have no idea , although i guess most dutch people go to aruba , cura\u00e7ao or sint maarten . 
  trips to madagascar or the caribbean are extraordinary even in europe . 
  that 's definitely not your average school trip . 
  neither can i. 
  it seems to exist in spanish in words like ` mujer , junta ' , in arabic/hebrew and in welsh . 
  at least those are my limited observations . 
  we also have that spanish rolling r sound in some words . 
  it 's always tricky whether to use ` the netherlands ' , ` the netherlands ' or just ` netherlands ' in forms , headers , titles and such . 
  just ` netherland ' would fix that .
