  no police officer will fine someone for wearing a scarf during the winter . 
  they will give a ticket to someone wearing a burqa however and this is perfectly fine . 
  this way they steered clear of professional crybabies and still managed to get this law through . 
  so it 's either all out ( pvv ) or all in ( all other parties ) . 
  there 's no in between , but sure perfectly democratic . 
  you mean the rules that state one can only live in another eu country if you have the resources or a job . 
  i am totally fine with those . 
  as if we would ever get a democratic say in leaving the eu :') besides , i 'd rather try reform the eu from the inside-out , though it 'd be real hard . 
  oh boy , east london . 
  of course it depends on where you go here in holland . 
  in certain neighborhoods it 's definitely more common than in others . 
  you were in europe this summer and are now an expert on the eu-project ? 
  if i understand you correctly , they liked traveling and working in europe , how is this any less ignorant reasoning , as if there can be no such thing without this eu . 
  eu-politicians you mean . 
  the eu has never been a project of the people , it 's been a project constructed by government leaders and europhiles . 
  the eu-parliament only attracts europhiles which is why we 're not represented well and there 's low voter turnout . 
  this is so fundamental , i would want my country to get out of the eu if they 'd force me to change the demographics of my nation . 
  the same reason `` not enough people wear burqas '' was used in the netherlands . 
  i had never seen anyone wear a burqa , ten years later i see one every month . 
  because it was forced upon us by germany playing the gutmensch card , our politicians in the west are very sensitive to that . 
  but kaliningrad is n't full of germans wanting to reunite with germany . 
  i think it 's time for europe to accept that crimea most likely wants to be a part of russia . 
  maybe we could work out a deal that includes recognition of crimea as part of russia , russia stopping the insurgency in east-ukraine ( which includes prosecution of russian insurgents ) and the eu and russia lifting sanctions . 
  my experiences with germans are so much better . 
  maybe it 's because our languages are so much alike ( i never use english in germany ) , but they 're generally friendly people , despite me speaking dutch-german . 
  that selfie though , she seems to be really frightened , not . 
  i do n't care being called a racist , but i do find it odd a turkish foreign minister uses this kind of language . 
  is she preparing for surgery ? 
  membership of the eu comes with seats in the european parliament . 
  these are based on the size of the population . 
  turkey would all of a sudden have the largest share of meps , for me that 's just unacceptable . 
  same goes for the free movement of people from turkey . 
  i do n't want any more turks being able to live and work in my country , there 's already so many that integration and assimilation is a serious problem . 
  turkey will not join the eu within the next 30 years or so , and probably never . 
  let 's just stop these talks and let turkey go its own way ( which is down the drain apparently ) . 
  the problems greece faces are , paradoxically , not really linked to migration . 
  greece is but a transit-country for migrants , and really most costs are covered by eu-budgets . 
  the economic downturn , which really is their biggest issue , will not be solved by golden dawn , and they know that . 
  they also know very well that it was caused by bad policy-making in the past , and the euro-construction they 're in . 
  it has little to do with migration . 
  maybe a lot of people will just give up on politics all together . 
  you do n't really think migration to europe is something new do you ? 
  there 's already millions upon millions of migrants living in northern europe ( too many of whom are causing crime and living on social security ) . 
  it 's not a far-flung event . 
  this has been going on for decades . 
  in the netherlands we have had an anti-immigration party leader ( who had chances of becoming the prime minister , say a donald trump , yet far more civil ) being murderd in 2002 . 
  in 2005 a ( peaceful ) famous islam-critic was murdered by an islamic terrorist . 
  things have been building up . 
  let 's just not pretend northern europeans are voting irrationally , based on fear of a far-away bugbear . 
  they 're voting based on what they 're experiencing on a day-to-day basis and so far those ` right wing ' parties have proposed fairly moderate solutions . 
  a ban on migration from muslim countries is n't exactly a new holocaust , is it ? 
  it 's not that bad , i thought we would be the lowest in europe . 
  i actually think he just wanted to share his backyard view . 
  or both ... 
  i can understand the us 's desire to hold global hegemony , for they do n't want to be dependent on russia , china or india . 
  there is however no use in asking allies to spend more if you 're not cutting costs yourself , because as of right now nato as a whole is not underspending . 
   it 's not excessive spending when you consider how many countries depend on the us for defense . 
  then for the love of god stop having other countries depend on you . 
  i care very little about nato . 
  the eu alone spends 3-4 times as much on its military as russia ` our biggest threat ' does . 
  both france and the uk have nukes . 
  although i support an increase in military spending over here , we are in now way in some sort of danger zone . 
   if the us spent less on defense , europeans like you would either have to spend more yourselves ** or risk becoming completely feckless in global affairs and incapable of protecting your interests . 
  ** we already are , pretty much everything we do abroad is either us led or non-military . 
   that 's 3.25 % of gdp . 
  that 's irrelevant , you should compare it to global defense spending . 
  you spend 37 % of the total worldwide defense budget , that * is * excessive . 
   the us is about 8 times more dependent on the sale of medical equipment than it is on the sale of weapons . 
  good for you , i never said anything about defense being the most important sector in the us though . 
   people in the us military are on average more educated than people in the general us population . 
  i stand corrected and apologize for insinuating that . 
   if the us was n't leeched off of by its allies , the us could decrease its defense spending . 
  the us can already decrease its excessive spending , but they wo n't because of the military -- industrial complex and the fact that the us army is partly a work program for the otherwise unemployed . 
  the latter not necessarily being a bad thing by the way . 
  as long as you can stay an island , that 's best for both sides . 
  they live , eat and consume in brussels . 
  they probably hire local cleaners , cooks , etc. 
  as well . 
  being the eu capital already provides plenty of jobs for you , you are last in line ... 
  i voted in favour of the ukraine deal , but sure , be racist . 
  except the eu has offered to pay and the unhcr pays for the refugee camps . 
  protecting your border is a duty every country has , turkey included . 
  which is what makes it meaningless . 
  dumpert.nl is nothing like the dutch youtube , it 's part of geenstijl ( a popular right-wing blog ) and there are editors that select the content that gets posted . 
  what 's wrong with the [ insides ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@52.0800479,4.313129,3a,75y,247.47h,97.69t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sozfurkf-cqfnq2kkxd1o5w!2e0!3e2!7i13312!8i6656 ) of the building ? 
  or did you mean the [ inside ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@52.0792645,4.3125906,3a,82y,24.71h,96.46t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-umtz6gj72dy%2fwfgrlylmbti%2faaaaaaaad4s%2ft5qhlgi5hr0immbw9_noavmk21ghxjvxqclib!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh5.googleusercontent.com%2f-umtz6gj72dy%2fwfgrlylmbti%2faaaaaaaad4s%2ft5qhlgi5hr0immbw9_noavmk21ghxjvxqclib%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-23.421875-ya6.65104-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i8192!8i4096 ) of the complex ? 
  you 're entitled to your opinion , but i do n't think it 's vulgar . 
  french , german and letzeburgesch yes , english not so much . 
  i 'm glad you understand how sanctions work . 
  if you 're against sanctions because it hurts the economy than that 's fine , but it makes you a lame duck ready to be taken advantage of . 
  they will if we apply pressure . 
  then why do you have border checks for people leaving your country ? 
  you had put ` credit cards ' in bold so i thought you referred to that part of the statement as needing a source . 
  we have been speaking softly for quite some years now , apparently turkey does n't believe we 're willing to use the big stick . 
  all i said is that they receive an allowance on their debit card , i did n't say anything about violating an agreement . 
  my source is a tv report from a credible broadcaster , so i ca n't provide you with a link , but a simple google search prompts [ this ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/european-union-to-provide-debit-cards-and-cash-to-refugees-in-turkey-as-part-of-migration-deal-1473335668 ) . 
  this is actually true , they get some sort of allowance and therefore need a debit card . 
   look to your own ~ ~ capital ~ ~ seat of government . 
  honestly , we should not back away from imposing ( massive ) sanctions on turkey if they blow up the deal . 
  we wo n't be bullied by an authoritarian a-democratic regime .
