  no , it was christian parties that denied them their rights , not the far right which was only a marginal irrelevant factor a few decades ago . 
  it would be completely useless to waste valuable resources on a war that 's impossible to win ( the netherlands with museum weaponry v. the war machine of nazi-germany ) , sometimes it 's better to retreat for a while and later strike back with the support of allies . 
  that 's actually how we got our independence from spain as well . 
  1 day or 5 days does n't make much of a difference now does it ? 
  honestly , i wish the netherlands had capitulated before the entire historic center of rotterdam was wiped out , it still upsets me when i look at old pictures showing such a rich and beautiful city . 
  get your ears checked ... it 's beautiful all year round !, 
   beautiful country , great food , rich history problem is , you just described pretty much every european country !, 
  what you 're saying does n't make sense to me , moscow is very much european , although it 's not western . 
  that 's actually a very insightful and plausible answer , thank you . 
  it 's quite a stretch , but i guess it qualifies . 
  these polls will only become relevant once brexit has actually been established . 
  if things turn out fine , many people will perhaps switch from wrong to do n't know , and if things turn out disastrous , the opposite might happen . 
  right now , it does n't tell us much . 
  why does may actually think she has a mandate for hard brexit ? 
  that 's like campaigning for a federal europe if bremain had won by less than 52 % . 
  not in the netherlands , these are just our provinces , where zeeland has 350.000 inhabitants , south holland has 3.6 million . 
  in some countries there 's no time limit , in others ( like france ) there is . 
   ** british ** palestine, 
  [ my townhall today in rotterdam , nl . 
  the netherlands are 25 km apart from venezuela . 
  flat ground is pretty much all we got . 
  but the fact that their english * is * fluent makes it funny , a german speaking accented english would not be as funny . 
  i know right , makes zero sense . 
  i find it hard to believe masks are not allowed , but niqabs are . 
  nobody would come up with such a lame exception you 'd think . 
  what 's not funny about it ? 
  whether brits speak multiple languages has little to do with it being funny or not i 'd say . 
  she robbed us :'(, 
  dijsselbloem has no formal relationship with the european parliament , he was not appointed by them and is not accountable to them . 
  the ep has no say in eurozone matters , they should stick to their jobs . 
  neither has the eu so we better stop making such foolish statements . 
  that 's uncomparable , they 're still in spain and in a bilingual region . 
   perhaps they can include nestbeschmutzer , which i often struggle to translate adequately let me help you out : * nestbevuiler * . 
  this made me laugh so hard though . 
  i was just kidding , i meant you should use the copyright sign on your flag from now on . 
  never mind !, 
  please use ( c ) , thank you . 
  because then moscow will see some bombs going off in metro stations , that 's why . 
  of course they would , problem is they wo n't if spain only blocks land access to gibraltar , then we 'll get a west-berlin type of solution . 
  because it was n't russia that banned the song , it was the european broadcasting union itself , the organiser of eurovision . 
  obviously a mistake was made , why is groningen not among them ? 
  it 's in english . 
  alors , apprends-le ou tais-toi !, 
   we will just make do with however much free trade access we can negotiate . 
  at what expense , labour rights , the environment , tax evasion ? 
   and then we will turn our eyes on the faster growing parts of the world . 
  we 'll see who 'll get the better trade deals , the uk or the eu . 
   trade is mutually beneficial . 
  which is why brexit is a disaster , that 's what i was hinting at . 
  i agree that it 's a very lucrative deal for new zealand , for the uk not so much . 
  yet it 's ridiculous to use it as an argument for brexit . 
  trade among commonwealth members will never be as efficient , profitable and large in volume as trade among eu members , simply because of distance . 
  well , it 's a weakness that affects both sides , though the stakes are definitely higher for the uk . 
  after seeing this , i am glad we mostly have poles coming over , they do n't share this feeling of entitlement , yikes . 
   just like any member of the eu27 can veto the deal for any reason they want . 
  that 's what the veto exists for . 
  and that 's why britain is in such a bad position to negotiate , even if countries like the netherlands and ireland would want an extensive trade deal at pretty much any cost , they 're dependent on all 27 countries to agree on it . 
  they must pretty much deal with every bilateral issue as well , although other countries could pressure spain into accepting a deal . 
  not even the irish speak it . 
  i demand them to be conducted in luxembourgish , just for fun . 
  charles de gaulle caused the assembl\u00e9e nationale to block the european defense union , seems like he was just eurosceptic in general . 
  fvd is also in favour of a referendum , so that makes it 15 % which is still rather small . 
  most countries ban discrimination on whatever ground , including nationality . 
  it would definitely be illegal to put up a sign banning turks in the netherlands . 
  in some german border towns , a german flag is an indicator the property is owned by dutch people . 
  so the economic sanctions have finally arrived , but wait , should n't they hurt * us * instead of them ? 
   waar koopt action in ? 
  suppliers are seated in the netherlands , does n't mean the stuff is produced in the netherlands . 
  why we will never leave the eu , unless germany does . 
  akzo nobel , dsm , asml , boskalis , etc. 
   dunno , depends . 
  the same was said with germany . 
  and turned out to be true . 
  could just as well be to apply for a passport , renew a passport or do something else entirely . 
   thanks do daylight savings , it 's light when i 'm still sleeping in summer , without daylight saving time , the sun would rise earlier than it does now . 
  and what are the effects of one extra hour of sunshine every day ? 
  let 's not overreact , yes it causes some extra deaths , just like it prevents deaths when people get to sleep one extra hour in october . 
  well , russia is not just someone though , but i guess it has to do with the oil we store in rotterdam . 
  very 1940s ... 
  honestly , we could do without such programmes , rather invest the money in making inter-european train travel easier and less expensive , for all . 
  til we are russia 's largest export partner . 
  goodwill . 
  i know you know what it is . 
  it 's just useful for making the distinction between you ( singular ) and you ( plural ) . 
  most languages have different words for the two . 
  netherlands : '' * shut up , i heard her parents are rich ... * hey luxembourg ! '', 
  for some reason i feel it 's no longer northern france if it 's not above paris , but i know that 's silly . 
  and france is like : '' * ugh , she 's with belgium . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.heritageofscotland.com/redesign/image/1000_1000/80/noresizeup/pictures/g-pic441a0fbc99d00.jpg ) makes it kind of fashionable , * kind * of . 
  this movements seems to quite large in germany , have n't really seen anything of this kind in the netherlands yet , but perhaps that 's mainly because there 's no protesting culture here . 
  a newspaper article from the 26th of march , 1957 i found wrote the following about the us and soviet-russian responses to the treaties :  a representative of the us foreign ministry has given the following statement : `` the united states welcome the news of the signing of the treaties in rome . 
  this act represents the result of a european initiative that marks a new milestone on the path of european integration . '', 
  radio moscow declared the the signed treaties would never be enforced and that they await the same faith as the european defense union that was rejected by the french parliament . 
  the one from luxembourg has been washed too often . 
  which i think is a logical thing to do , i much rather have argentina , south africa and turkey at the table than only european countries . 
  turkey is right on this one , pkk is a terrorist organisation , much like the ira and eta were , can you imagine what is must have felt like to see people publically support the ira , eta or daesh for that matter in switzerland ? 
  such cases can be made for all kinds of country blocs , it 's just more likely that another african nation ( nigeria , kenya or ethiopia ) will join for the sake of representativeness . 
  population size matters though , and again , there 's enough european representation , if anything would change it would not be in favour of europe . 
  there 's already enough european countries in the g20 . 
  the netherlands is in the top 20 of biggest economies , but we 're not a member because we 're in europe .
