  if it makes you feel better , there is no sexuality test for marriage , so if you 're a straight ( wo ) man , you can marry another straight ( wo ) man . 
  no need to feel left out . 
  of course it creates extra work and parents have more cleaning to do and such , but preparing your kids for school and bringing them to kindergarten is not homework like some have claimed . 
  i mean preparing for work or commuting to work is n't either . 
  itt : people mixing up parenting and homework . 
  but is it being spent on welfare ? 
  henrik ibsen over anders breivik and edvard munch ? 
  but there 's no european senate ... 
  2017 will be lifted with pride while they sing the national anthems of canada and romania . 
  here 's to the woman that ran after that piece of filth . 
  while this might work in france , for a country like the netherlands , this would mean a significant part would simply spend their money in germany or belgium . 
  hilarious , they did n't know how to handle him . 
  it has always amazed me that spain was one of the first countries to adopt gay marriage , considering it being quite religious . 
  wilders is not the cause of why people view moroccans negatively , he is a product of that sentiment and perhaps made it worse . 
  it 's not helping , that 's for sure , but the moroccan community has mostly itself to blame for this negative stereotype . 
  so yes , wilders should more clearly distinguish between criminal moroccans and other moroccans , but prosecuting him is merely * symptoombestrijding * ( fighting symptoms ) , the root cause lies within the community itself . 
  [ apparently not . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingsmantle_ ( holland ) ), 
  you just wonder who 's next . 
  this could really have all kinds of reasons , like better registration , more awareness . 
  to link this to brexit , is pretty opaque . 
  [ another example of that . 
  the perks of being an island nation . 
  the ep is out of touch with its citizens and very sensitive to lobbyists though . 
  ~ ~ on ~ ~ because of the internet maybe . 
  no offence was taken . 
  honestly , i never see it being brought up other than by belgians saying it was n't them . 
   did not straight up fight like belgium since we did not participate in wwi and had our last war in the 1830s , our weaponry was pretty much 19th century museum material . 
  he did n't say 2003 was the cause , that 's just when its usage exploded . 
  i did n't post this . 
  edit : misinterpreted your message , agreed . 
  of course they 'll grow this year , and next year , and every other year they are still a full member of the eu , enjoying all eu-facilities , while at the same time having a very cheap currency that is already in post-brexit mode . 
  the real effect will be determined by the kind of deal the eu and uk will come up with , it 's still far too early to say anything meaningful about the economical aftermath of brexit . 
  we should * perhaps * first wait for brexit to actually happen ... 
  why only a selective group of young europeans ? 
  why do n't they use the money to make train travel better/cheaper for every european . 
  so foster care is not just some magical solution to this problem . 
  we abolished our blasphemy laws in 2013 and they had n't been used in any serious way since a famous writer got acquitted for writing about having sex with god , incarnated as a donkey , in 1968 . 
  there have been instances of people that just keep on having children `` until they can finally keep one '' . 
  those children are already in the system before being born . 
  it 's sad to see the uk leave , and it actually upsets me that we did n't do more to address british concerns . 
  i truly believe the migration wave of 2014/15 and germany 's open border policy triggered brexit , merkel will go down in history as the german leader that indirectly caused britain to leave the eu . 
  sure , you will deny it and say you ca n't blame merkel , but migration played a huge role in the referendum and it was a 2 % margin ... 
  this is n't turkey where the state need to be `` protected '' by starting criminal investigations , my god ... 
  lying is part of the political game and you do n't really think that a judge in their right mind would convict a politician for exaggerating or lying about the eu now do you ? 
  our euro coins feature our king though . 
  as if the average voter knows the difference . 
  eu law is fairly complicated . 
  i guess none of the 50 suurhusers have a reddit account . 
  hey , those countries you name happen to be in the eu !, 
  there 's definitely some tourists , but it does n't even come close to amsterdam . 
  a much more relaxed atmosphere . 
  yeah , i never really noticed it , but a lot of houses are , quite charming though . 
  i guess wetland does n't make for great building land . 
  definitely , but just know it 's not that big , you 'll be done in half a day . 
  ideal for an afternoon trip or a day trip in combination with the hague ( 10 minute train ride ) or rotterdam ( 15 minute train ride ) . 
  the train station itself was recently rebuilt and is a good starter . 
  you can visit the market square where you 'll find the city hall and the new church ( second highest church tower in the netherlands , you can visit the top ) where members of the royal family and jurist hugo grotius are buried . 
  you can also visit the old church in the picture where you 'll find the graves of painter johannes vermeer and scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek . 
  also museum het prinsenhof is worth a walk through , it 's where our `` founding father '' ( william of orange ) was murdered by a spanish nationalist in 1584 . 
  the city itself is a small version of amsterdam , with canals , bridges , cosy alleys and canal houses . 
  during its construction the foundations were not strong enough to support the building , and the church began to lean . 
  as work continued , the builders tried to compensate for its lean on each layer of the tower , but to this day only the four turrets at the top are truly vertical . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oude_kerk,_delft ), 
  even brown and black people get painted the right shade of black . 
  how about one european system instead of 28 different stickers on my windscreen . 
  i was reading the article and kept thinking when will he start telling us his arguments , but before i knew it i was at the end of the page . 
  why exactly did we do all this ? 
  just curious . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  korean air lines was actually flying through russian airspace and back in the day us used to spy heavily on the soviets . 
  besides , the us did the same with an [ iranian aircraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ) . 
  the guest workers were not supposed to stay , but the government never forced them to go back , instead they let them bring their families . 
  it made it so much more hilarious though . 
  i understand schulz when he says that solidarity can not be based on cherry picking , but i think he fails to understand that the examples he mentions ( defence and money transfers from west to east ) are not fundamental for they 're not irreversible . 
  creating large minority groups within your country can never be undone , unless you want to give in to mass crimes against humanity which of course are not an option . 
  if things go wrong like they did in so many other countries , there 's basically no easy policy tool to tackle that problem . 
  furthermore i do n't think member states want to give the eu carte blanche when it comes to the number of migrants . 
  a common asylum policy could only work if it 's main goal is not to just redistribute migrants , but to stop ( illegal ) migration all together . 
  unfortunately some member states led by germany are not willing to agree to that . 
  it 's easy to blame eastern european countries for not complying , but i thought the eu was about compromising , not imposing . 
  and yes , you can compromise on humanitarian efforts in the wake of an existential crisis . 
  merkel is more keen on helping refugees than keeping the eu together , as we saw with brexit . 
  in fact , europe being swamped by ( economic ) migrants has caused brexit . 
  was your teacher dutch ? 
  i used to be an interpreter for an italian student who barely spoke english and a french professor that did n't speak english at all , just broken dutch . 
  that was quite awkward for all of us , but in the end we managed . 
  why would anyone want to learn dutch though ? 
  solitary confinement . 
  seems sensible to me . 
  een pot nat . 
  my guess : leftovers from the war in yugoslavia + open borders . 
   and the rest of the world would take the opportunity to pillory you . 
  you mean the other countries that do n't want the migrants ? 
  the countries where these migrants come from that do n't even want them back ? 
  those countries ? 
  do you really think russia and china will start a humanitarian intervention ? 
  why is portugal as a western country so poor ? 
  parts of europe do . 
  ** the ** new europeans , as opposed to just new europeans though .
