  i 've been hearing that since i was a kid , but it does n't happen . 
  it just does n't work like that . 
  it is already happening in most major western european cities . 
  should it be ? 
  yes , but i do n't think we agree spouting discriminatory slurs should not be punishable by law . 
  oh i am well aware of the meaning in the context of the international convention on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination , but that 's a judicial fiction , not the meaning you 'd find in a dictionary . 
  we would n't need to invent a new word , we would just call it what it is : discrimination ( based on nationality ) . 
   racism now refers to ethnicity . 
  by whose standards ? 
   and i 'm not sure why you 'd think that `` we need less morrocans '' is somehow better than `` we need less black people '' ( assuming you think black people are a race ) . 
  where did i say it 's somehow better ? 
  i 'm just being factual : moroccans do not constitute a race . 
   the reason his statement was found discriminating is because he specifically called out moroccans . 
  no , because he did not make the distinction between criminal moroccans and moroccans in general clear enough . 
  no they 're not . 
  moroccan is not a race , it 's a nationality or at most an ethnicity . 
  ... got the time to finish the sentence . 
   the american way of celebrating christmas ( including santa clause ) came from dutch sinterklaas combined with the british grandfather christmas . 
  so actually christmas is the american way of giving presents for saint nicholas ' day . 
  yet our kerstman is based on their adaptation of sinterklaas , not on our own version of sinterklaas . 
   many of the other figures on this map are n't officially part of christmas either , ukraine even has sinterklaas ( saint nicholas ) , so we should too . 
  then this map is flawed , why make it even worse ? 
  one must be really dumb or ignorant to think he meant deporting moroccans . 
  everyone that knows wilders and knows his stance on immigration and the solutions he offers would understand . 
  none of them include deporation of moroccans in general . 
   but sinterklaas is traditionally our form of giving presents for christmas . 
  sinterklaas has nothing to do with christmas , it just happens to be in the same month . 
  furthermore , we * did * adopt santa claus , namely the kerstman leaving presents underneath the christmas tree , it 's just nowhere near as widespread as sinterklaas . 
   but sinterklaas is the giftbringer here ( flanders ) . 
  on the 6th of december , not at christmas . 
  it appears you do n't have a gift-bringer then . 
  why ? 
  st. nicholas does n't bring christmas gifts over here . 
  i do n't know , why do we still refer to the former british empire as the commonwealth , just because . 
  could you be less butthurt , you even have 30 % russians in your country . 
  it 's not an insult to be considered part of eastern europe . 
  perhaps cuturally was n't the right word , but please , you were part of the communist sphere of influence , the moment we actually started making the clear political distinction between west and east . 
  western vs. eastern europe is both a geographical and cultural identifier . 
  in the more political/cultural sense , you are eastern europe , not west or north . 
   turkey has delivered enormous economical growth in the past years . 
  if something small becomes less small , enormous economical growth is not really that impressive . 
  the turkish economy is smaller than the dutch economy even though they have five times as many inhabitants . 
  turkey is not an economical threat . 
  besides , its economic growth will actually only be positive for the eu . 
  except japan is not even close to europe . 
  what ? 
   the police has arrested a terror suspect in rotterdam this wednesday . 
  a kalasjnikov ak-47 with two accompanying full magazines was found in his house , the public prosecution service reported . 
  the 30-year-old resident is suspected of plotting a terrorist crime . 
   furthermore , four boxes filled with highly explosive illegal fireworks were found in his apartment . 
  the police also found a large painting with the image of a flag used by is , mobile phones and 1600 euros cash . 
  all items were confiscated . 
   the national intelligence unit opened an investigation lead by the national public prosecutors ' office after receiving information from the aivd [ dutch secret service ] . 
  the arrest was executed by the serivce for special interventions . 
  the main purpose of this trial was to assess whether this was hate speech , now that the norm has been determined he knows he can no longer say this . 
  if he reiterates his statements he will surely receive punishment . 
  if the population of rotterdam would suddenly strive for independence saying `` hey , look at our big harbour , we can do without those weird frisians and limburgish people that vote for different parties and cost us money '' i would n't support it just because of self-determination . 
  what if groningen decided to become independent to exploit the gas fields for themselves ? 
  it does n't work like that and it should n't . 
  d\u00fclmen region confirmed . 
  that 's either complete bullshit or the best argument against accepting refugees . 
   according to ~ ~ norwegian studies ~ ~ common sense for every refugee you host in a western nation you could support 25 in the region . 
   do they just go into hiding or what either that or they wo n't be evicted because their governments do n't accept them and they become our problem ... 
  omg !, 
  we beat finland in maths !, 
  not so much cars , rather bikes and sometimes dead bodies from drunk students or tourists , the latter happening a lot in amsterdam . 
  there 's a porn party competing ? 
  bureaucracy and the wrong mentality , those guys protest all the time , feel like the government must solve everything for them . 
  ~ ~ hollande ~ ~, 
   still hope italies governments can be more stable in the future !, 
  they 'll never be as stable as belgian governments unfortunately , as you ca n't copy what does n't exist ;p, 
  there 's got to be better pictures of copenhagen . 
  having a conflict with eritrea does n't necessarily imply having a problem with eritrean refugees that are fleeing that government . 
  no it does not , there are also dutch and belgian border provinces that are both called limburg , it does n't imply anything . 
  if i remember correctly it was some kind of joint effort , because the supermarket killer claimed to be a member of daesh and he was acquainted with the other terrorists . 
  they were probably too dumb to understand al qaeda and isis are actually rivals and thought it would be a good idea to work together . 
  blankenberge ( white mountain ) is my favourite , simply because i think the flemish pronunciation sounds funny : blan-k\u00fbn-berre-ge . 
  partly on the fact that they 're fleeing to ( western ) europe , which is rather odd if your motives are merely escaping prosecution . 
  i 'm sure there are many cases like his , but i ca n't help to feel large groups of eritreans are trying to profit from the fact that their country is seen as a legitimate source country for refugees . 
  as they are allowed in , other sub-sahara africans are being denied entry even though they too are mostly just trying to escape poverty . 
  besides , even if there are legitimate causes to take flight , it 's still to be seen whether bringing them to europe is a good way of dealing with refugees . 
  it 's highly cost-inefficient and a great social/cultural burden for both sides . 
  they were legitimate refugees when they entered neighbouring countries in the region . 
  there is no reason for them to come to europe other than financial reasons . 
  we ca n't help every displaced person on earth , let alone if we waste so much money on helping them in europe . 
  what is your doubt based on ? 
  media bias ? 
  our government has confirmed these cases and said it will put extra checks in place . 
  a dutch journalist went to eritrea and met a dutch `` refugee '' that went back because he thought the climate was better . 
  is it though ? 
  we 've had cases of `` refugees '' going back to eritrea for holidays . 
  these people obviously care more about perception , so even the idea that external borders are being protected well could win them over . 
  and you will also have to account for congestion/density , driving on a highway around paris is not the same as driving on a highway in northern sweden . 
  we could start by ignoring him and not turning everything he says into a headline ... 
  perhaps , just like you probably need a doctor 's note and some luck to be allowed to walk around naked . 
  did we read the same article ? 
   would anyone really object to the uk just withdrawing from a few european organisations whilst continuing to engage on the four freedoms and paying some cash into the budget ? 
  ( genuinely asking , as a dutch person , would you object to that ? ), 
  i 'm against anything that is a * better * deal for the british people . 
  you can get a fair deal like switzerland , norway and iceland have .
