  honestly , i know i 'll get downvoted for saying this , but your constitution is so apologetic and overly trying to not be nazi-germany . 
  the ` cant change me ' - clause , the ` human dignity shall be inviable so free benefits for all ' - clause , undoable . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  demonstrations like these have no place in western europe . 
  no , the state can not and should not , yet randomly targeting groups of police officers or worse ordinary civilians is one of the biggest crimes one can commit . 
  the wrongfulness of such actions can not be precluded by a mild form of oppression , because really that 's all it is . 
  it 's not north-korean or nazi-german style oppression . 
  you actually do . 
  stopping accession talks does not mean we close the door forever , although i do n't see them join in the coming twenty years . 
  turks : wait , hitler was n't dutch ? 
  too much effort . 
  this is nothing new , he 's said similar things in the past . 
  indeed , this is not only a matter of loyalty , also one of equality . 
  only eu/eea countries as someone with an eu passport broadly has the same rights as someone with dual eu citizenship . 
  in general , except for eu countries . 
  christian democrats in the netherlands have said something similar . 
  they want to get rid of dual citizenship . 
  i agree with them . 
  we wo n't , there wo n't be a nexit , nor a pvv government . 
  it 's nearly impossible , far more impossible than brexit and trump were . 
  the current government continues to govern , but will not take on major reforms . 
  meanwhile parties negotiate a new government and its platform . 
  since there are so many small parties it will take some time for them to agree on one . 
  it comes from democrats 1966 , the year of their foundation . 
  does this man not have a country to run , seems like he 's giving speeches 24/7 . 
  that 's not nazi ideology , that 's just being a bit paranoid . 
  it 's not even that far from the truth though , political parties have in the past welcomed large groups of foreign peoples and told us they should be accepted as the new dutch . 
  sure , their intentions were not to get rid of the native dutch , so that 's what makes this statement paranoid , but it 's not nazi rhetoric . 
  this should not get upvotes , baudet is not at all a certified neo-nazi , this is slander . 
  your sources are extreme leftist activists that disagree with his stances . 
  disagreeing is okay , but keep it civil for god 's sake . 
  what about jews wearing a yarmulke . 
  let 's see the positive side of it , it 's better he focuses on us than on the kurds or alleged g\u00fclen supporters that actually suffer from his actions . 
  i , for one , could n't care less about having an ambassador in turkey . 
  how would you handle it ? 
  `` i will not physically harm you , please go away . 
  i beg you . '', 
  no , on the contrary , the further democratisation of turkey has given the conservative rural population a voice . 
  omg that 's such a cool flag !, 
  no , they wo n't . 
  they 'll do everything to keep this a dutch-turkish issue as the implications for the european union would be too big if turkey for example withdraws the migrant deal . 
  do n't worry folks , we 'll take one for the team . 
   turkey was willing to join , but lets face it europe was never really willing to accept a ( big ) muslim country , regardless of how secular it was . 
  turns out we were right . 
  regardless of wilders , has it daunted on you that we might actually not like the fact foreign governments are stirring up conflict within our society . 
  secular turkish citizens do no longer feel safe as they 're afraid to be called g\u00fclen supporters , dozens of children were taken off schools in rotterdam because of supposed g\u00fclenist influences . 
  we do n't want to import these turkish tensions here . 
  the turkish population in france is also relatively small , so a rally like this one will perhaps not have as much of an impact on french society , compared to the netherlands/germany . 
  the erdogan-jugend looks so depressed . 
  we did actually . 
  i honestly do n't think there are many people of turkish descent that do n't care for turkey anymore , most still have family over there and visit turkey on a regular basis . 
  it 's also quite difficult to get rid of a turkish passport , even [ ebru umar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ebru_umar ) ( most outspoken erdogan critic in nl ) still has one . 
  it could however very well be that non-akp supporters do n't bother to go vote , turnout is usually a little under 50 % ( which is still massive for an audience abroad ) . 
  turkish citizens and even politicians can hold pro-akp rallies , just not turkish government officials . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of dutch citizens with dual dutch-turkish citizenship , they are eligible to vote in the upcoming referendum . 
  turks in europe tend to be more conservative than their counterparts in turkey , so there 's lots of support for akp . 
  this is mainly due to the fact that the turks in europe originally come from poor rural areas . 
  well if he ca n't speak english , why would he ? 
  if more people accepted israel participates in eurovision ? 
  her trying to be agile and inconspicuous had the opposite effect !, 
  i 'm not saying the referendum should be held today , or next year . 
  all i 'm saying is that it does n't require two years of preparations , whenever it may be held . 
   we already know the results since not much has changed . 
  something has changed : scotland will be taken out of the eu whereas it wanted to stay within the eu . 
  people can now make up their mind as to whether this makes the case for independence stronger . 
  it does however not really change other factors such as historical , cultural and monetary issues that have already been discussed . 
  there has already been a referendum on scottish independence in the past few years . 
  it 's not a concept that requires debating from scratch . 
  that does n't make it much different . 
  it 's not like scottish independence comes out of the blue and is an entirely new concept , there 's no need for two years of campaigning . 
  that 's truly excessive . 
  if i 'm correct there 's sort of a gentlemen 's agreement that scotland will always be able to hold a referendum on its future if it wishes to do so . 
  why would it take two years to organise a referendum ? 
  does the eu invest in restoring and maintaining sites such as pompeii ? 
  i feel like such places could use some financing . 
  it will probably be dutch companies like boskalis indeed . 
  it 's not controversial to say that building highways was a good thing , yet it 's a triviality . 
  colonial powers built entire economies and infrastructures from scratch . 
  we do n't want further integration , so no one should integrate further . 
  this stance seems highly egocentric . 
  countries that want to cooperate on more areas should not be held back by those that do n't want to . 
  i 'm not even sure whether the current political climate would allow the netherlands to be part of this european core , yet why would we block it ? 
  * dat antwoord sigh , them afrikaners keep fucking up our language ... 
  then why ask a preliminary question to the eu court of justice ? 
   so the belgian courts will be followed but they can no longer base their verdicts on a ( as we now know ) non-existing eu obligation . 
  you really do n't understand the power imbalance between the uk and the eu now do you ? 
  spain has the eu to fall back on , there 's no way to retaliate on the spaniards without it affecting eu-uk relationships . 
  you know what 's worse , belgian courts have been doing exactly that . 
  good that shit is over now . 
  sure , only the west profited from the expansion of the european union , not the millions of eastern europeans that migrated from their home countries for job opportunities in the west . 
  and let 's conveniently forget that the eu invests billions upon billions in eastern european countries using money collected in the west . 
   as a side note , another great example of western double standards : the benelux is the greatest example of european cooperation , the founding unit of the glorious european union . 
  at the same time , the v4 is a bunch of good-for-nothings who are unwilling to integrate . 
  that is a ` double standard ' you just invented yourself . 
  they 're against a multi-speed europe because they do n't want other member states to integrate without them , yet they do n't want to integrate themselves either . 
  is that how it 's to be understood ? 
  pretty much . 
  yeah and it was calculated that it adds up to about $ 1 billion , which is peanuts compared to our gdp . 
  asia has smog to protect you from the sun . 
  since their last family visit that would be , most have never even lived in turkey .
