  not really , it 's just that they can openly make accusations whereas traditional media ca n't , which is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  furthermore , leftist unconventional media wo n't make such accusations , because of islamophobia/racism concerns . 
  where 's the proof of this g\u00fclenist coup ? 
  i think some most certainly did , a successful coup would have been the lesser of two evils . 
  turkey made it extremely difficult to keep quiet after the repercussions . 
  turkey responded with an ultimatum ( no more visas by october ) and with that the deal is off . 
  no respect for sweden on this matter , they 're just free riding . 
  politicians were too afraid of criticising turkey , because of the deal and the many turks in europe . 
  since this deal is going down anyway , they finally go all out . 
  officially , turkey is n't islamic though . 
  interesting , and actually confirming what a lot of right-wing media were already openly suggesting . 
  europe has a migration problem , maybe you 've heard about it in the news . 
  how lucky !, 
  though in this case , some rain would have been welcome . 
  they recently started using schiphol . 
  i had forgotten the insults , still , we have slander/defamation laws which can handle those . 
  there 's no need for the king to have a special law with a different sanction . 
  furthermore , we could alter the law to make it possible for the king to be represented by the rvd in bringing criminal charges . 
   lese majest\u00e9 was the easiest way the prosecution could throw something at the legitimate knucklehead ( who is also a convicted murderer ) without getting the monarch directly and personally involved ( which would be necessary for threats , liber or slander ) . 
  which is abuse of law in my opinion . 
  one could have argued this picture was a death threat ( if combined with his known past as a convicted murderer ) , but even that would have been far-fetched , since it was n't particularly anonymous and quite clearly a distasteful and cynical yet legal expression of discontent with politics , as protected by the echr . 
  it 's okay to shock and disturb and politicians ( including the king ) as public figures have to tolerate more than ordinary citizens . 
  why would that help ? 
  the majority of people wearing hijabs and burqas was probably born here . 
  i consider myself to be right-wing ( not nazi ) . 
  if all this man had done really was post a nazi photo of a cat , this sentence would have been outrageous . 
  in this case it was n't though , as i and others pointed out . 
   people were turning that into ` dutch king gets man jailed because of insults ' type shit . 
  that man actually got convicted for insulting the king , because he posted a photoshop of several politicians getting decapitated by isis . 
  now you can say whatever you want about this , but the mere fact that the king was among the group of people getting decapitated is what got him convicted for lese-majesty . 
   instead of blowing hot air they should be using their resources to make these people actually integrate . 
  like what ? 
  let them follow a ` course ' on western lifestyle ? 
  those loose tactics have failed horribly and are the reason we 're in this mess in the first place . 
  if you ca n't go outside if you 're not allowed to wear a burqa , you clearly do n't belong in the west , and that 's pretty much all there is to it . 
  horrible news , hope it starts raining soon . 
  okay , so this man was detained because he posted several nazi photos and had nazi attributes in his house , yet the media wants to turn this into getting jailed for a cat pic ... 
  you do n't want such weapons in an unstable country like turkey . 
  agree , but for other obvious reasons . 
  it 's schiphol by the way , but i like skipol . 
  mainly in rotterdam ( subway , city centre , zuid ) , but i 've also seen them in the hague , but only in the last five years . 
  i had never seen any before , but i 've at least seen a dozen since then . 
  it 's extremely awkward , especially in the subway . 
  they should focus more on major airport hubs like amsterdam for instance , 
  used to say the same about the netherlands , i was wrong . 
  the police arrived at the scene and encountered the armed man . 
  he refused to relinquish his weapon , even after having been shot in the leg . 
  an officer shot and hit his belly , after which the man was brought to a hospital . 
  supposedly no others were injured . 
  too little too late i 'm afraid . 
  are n't they irish anyway ? 
  fear of being traumatised . 
  i 'm not religious , but i 'm glad it 's forbidden to walk around naked . 
  true , but empire sounds better , though i know there 's no emperor . 
  \u00d6sterreich ( oostenrijk in dutch ) = eastern empire . 
  i read this when i got off the plane to rent a car ( it was printed on the wall ) and it actually made me scared . 
  felt like i had just landed in some sort of psychiatric centre . 
  exactly . 
  it 's also why the dutch ( and german ) word for france is frankrijk ( frankreich ) , meaning empire of the franks . 
  thanks for explaining , i know \u00e7 = s , just wondered why it 's fran\u00e7ois ( fransoit ) , but qu\u00e9becois ( qu\u00e9bequoi ) , but that 's of course because qu\u00e9bec ends with a harsh k sound , whereas france does not . 
  yeah but i think francois might actually refer to the franks ( les francs ) that used to live in northern france , do n't you think ? 
  edit : in the sense that a frank is a francois . 
  never thought about it , fran\u00e7ois should actually be franquoi as in qu\u00e9becois . 
  baghdad or paris ? 
  there 's a dutch singer whose named french german ( frans duijts ) . 
  why are you so upset ? 
  * takes a look at the medal table * ooh , now i get it . 
  i doubt that , but it does play a role . 
  we were taught english starting in the final year of elementary school , but most people learn it without much effort through tv and internet . 
  american/british tv shows and movies are never dubbed , they always use subtitles . 
  that 's why english is taught at a much more advanced level compared to french and german , most people have a good basis when they start . 
  in school we mostly dot the i 's and cross the t 's , read literature and learn more advanced grammar . 
  all my foreign language teachers were native speakers . 
  most people in europe speak their mother tongue , know english pretty well and are able to have a simple conversation in another language . 
  it 's not fair to expect the same from americans that already speak the most important language in the world and have little ways of interacting face to face with native speakers of other languages . 
  it really helps if you know some basic french . 
  i always rattle on in french , they appreciate the effort and after a few lines they tell me i can continue in english . 
  more and more people in france know english these days , it has significantly improved in the last 20 years . 
  you should never feel ashamed for being an american . 
  i would even say people in northern-europe think it 's pretty cool to meet americans . 
  americans and canadians are the most friendly people i have come across while traveling in europe and north-america . 
  do n't you get tired of yet another godwin ? 
   its completely inhumane . 
  people drowning is inhumane , war is inhumane , poverty is inhumane . 
  there 's all kinds of things that are inhumane , but not every thing can be solved by europe . 
  it seems we tend to care far too much for the few refugees that come to europe and far too little for those who do n't even have the resources to flee their country , let alone pay loads to get on a ferry to europe . 
  sometimes you need to take measures that are inhumane , to prevent even more inhumane events from happening . 
   i 'm not saying we should torture them . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue the opposite . 
   we need to remove the pull factors by showing that you 'll just be returned but we do n't need to be so inhumane by sending them to be locked up on islands . 
  the problem is some countries wo n't take back their own citizens ( pakistan and iraq are examples of that ) . 
   have n't you heard about the amount of corruption and abuse that goes on in nauru ? 
  putting them on an island does n't equal torturing them on an island . 
   if they 're willing to boat across the mediterranean from turkey then they will just do the same again from these said `` islands . '', 
  not if they 're detained like in nauru . 
  would be pretty difficult do n't you think ? 
  here we see the true nature of a european federalist . 
  it seems the people will have to adapt to the elites , not the other way around . 
  i think it 's perfectly clear that 's what he meant , and it 's perfectly understandable why people would be upset about that . 
  how is this even controversial ?
