  if the echr implies we must help every refugee on earth that illegally walks into europe , it needs to be rewritten . 
  my take on it though is that these judges are misinterpreting the hell out of this document from 1950 . 
  indeed , it 's being imposed on us , most citizens would definitely vote against it in a referendum . 
  i guess we all have to accept things we do n't like but are better for the greater good , including this polish government . 
  redistribute them over the safe countries they came from or , in the case of real refugees , redirect them to the refugee camps in the region . 
  yes , looking at the 21st century i personally have in mind 9/11 , madrid ( 2004 ) , london ( 2005 ) , oslo ( 2011 ) but i lost count after mh17 ( not a true terror attack , but same impact ) . 
   i know the bataclan was a bigger loss of life but that really should n't matter . 
  but it does , if there would have been 150 people killed you would see more outcry . 
  not saying that 's a good thing , but it 's just how human psychology works . 
  twelve is bad , but 150 is devastating . 
  another thing is that we did n't really see paris coming , we were astounded by what happened to charlie hebdo and later that year in november . 
  after brussels , istanbul and some other smaller attacks we were all expecting another terror attack in europe , we just did n't know where it would happen . 
  it 's no longer new so to say . 
  yeah , but these criminals use weapons from eastern europe to liquidate each other . 
  besides , by saying weapon culture , i do n't mean the culture is to ` kill each other ' , but to ` possess guns ' . 
  in some countries like the czech republic , switzerland and slovenia , there 's less strict weapon regulation . 
  furthermore , weapons are still very much present in former yugoslavia . 
   it 's not a rational viewpoint based on numbers , it 's an emotional response . 
  i live in a city that 's 50 % non-natives , stop telling me it 's emotional . 
  no , probably not . 
  slavic people look distinctly different from non-slavic people . 
  just like an italian does n't look like a norwegian . 
  i hope because i do n't have the means to control europe , i 'm not god you know . 
  [ a few hours apparently ... ] ( https://twitter.com/reuters/status/810954135621304320 ), 
  europe is not only the netherlands . 
  there 's still migrants entering via italy , and the stream in greece has n't stopped completely either . 
  which is ** good ** . 
  the only massive deportations we see today are into europe , perhaps that 's got to stop first . 
  germany has n't either , besides it has been extremely welcoming in accepting refugees . 
  it does n't matter what you do , these are mad men . 
  200k is not what i consider to be major , i 'm talking about berlin , d\u00fcsseldorf , hamburg , bremen , k\u00f6ln , m\u00fcnchen and frankfurt , those kind of cities . 
  but only a handful in major or capital cities . 
   the same can be said about larger groups of people in general . 
  concerts , events , christmas markets . 
  not really related to the nature of the market imo . 
  there 's only so many big christmas markets in europe , there 's thousands of concert halls and metro rides . 
  just the thought that you 're in an elevated risk area can make you uncomfortable and that 's not what christmas should be about so i can understand some people made different plans . 
  have n't they learned from nice you wonder ... 
  let 's hope this is the last bad event of 2016 ... 
  not if it 's not done by turkey , it 's either is or some anti-assad terrorist . 
  it lists only two smartphones : /, 
  why are you taking offence , those weapons are relics of the eastern european weapon culture , i 'm just stating facts . 
  my phrasing was too blunt though . 
  so when will i be able to actually use it ? 
  looks nice but what a waste of space . 
  true , but they 'd be harmless without the resources . 
  those arms coming in from eastern europe are the cause of terrorism in western europe . 
  tilt the dutch make up 2 % of the european population . 
  european courts creating laws by themselves , what else is new ... 
  yes , if you do n't want people to take matters into their own hands . 
  labour party votes ... 
  let me add to this that our country will suffer a lot from bad trade deals with the united kingdom , as we are pretty much your access point to a large part of continental europa . 
  uk-netherlands trade will be an important issue for our government , so our government will probably push for a deal that is hard enough to keep us in the eu , but soft enough to not harm trade too much . 
  so if you sort of need an ally in the negotiations , i think the irish and dutch might be your best shot . 
  parliament still has to approve and there 's no majority in the senate yet . 
  do n't be so fucked up , you make us look bad . 
  there 's much more to it than just greeks spending ` our money ' . 
  do n't worry , we 'll send you the invoice later !, 
  perhaps they do n't care about what the netherlands think , but to say they do n't care about germany shows how ignorant you are on this topic . 
  are you dutch ? 
  we were an exclave of the ottoman empire or what ? 
   or maybe he 's just violent moron from countries torn apart by poverty and violence ~ ~ and with very ~ ~ due to misogynistic cultures . 
  economists tend to agree that we ca n't go on this way , but they also tend to agree that an alternative for leaving the euro would be to strengten the political , fiscal and monetary union . 
  well is n't that only fair since we need the european parliament to approve the deal . 
  would be rather pointless if it 's only a formality . 
  but that 's not surprising , considering the us is 40 times the size of the uk , but only has 5 times the population . 
  the mother of all news pranks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_war_of_the_worlds_ ( radio_drama ), 
  yet 22 million if you look at the entire agglomeration ( jersey city , newark , elizabeth , yonkers , etc. 
  did you even read the article ? 
  meanwhile most of europe is waiting for switzerland to return their gold . 
  i imagine you get wet extremely fast with that much fog , it sticks to your cloths/body and condensates . 
  bullshit , terrorism can happen anywhere even in california ... 
  i know , but this response just felt too rigorous you know . 
  i think a better response would have been to offer help securing the border with libya and help secure tourist sites . 
  they were a direct response to the second attack , like literally the same day . 
  to me it seemed like an excessive response based on irrationality and fear . 
  the attacks in france were worse and there was no reason to believe it would stop at that , the only reason we did n't advise against travelling to france is because it 's france . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love you guys and even if there 's dozens of terrorist attacks it would n't stop me from supporting and visiting you , but a double standard is applied and it is hurting the tunisian economy and its peaceful population . 
  i do n't blame the tourists , i blame our foreign ministries for effectively banning tourism to tunisia by advising against travelling to tunisia which means insurance companies would no longer cover trips to tunisia causing travel agencies to quit their operations in tunisia . 
  the way tunisia was treated after the terror attacks is a disgrace . 
  two attacks and we immediately stopped all tourism , letting the terrorists win and abandoning the local population . 
  we did n't turn our back on france , why turn our back on tunisia ? 
  you may not agree with a country 's politics , but an attack against innocent civilians ( police officers or not ) can not be justified . 
  so americans are a race , there 's no racial difference between black and white americans ? 
  what are you trying to argue here ? 
  judicially , discrimination on the basis of nationality has been set equal to discrimination on the basis of race , does n't mean they 're the same thing . 
   by the standards of the people that matter . 
  no , by the standards of judicial convenience . 
  no based on their nationality . 
  all a moroccan would have to do to evade these measures is abolish his moroccan passport . 
  wilders has never said anything about deporting criminal dutch citizens of moroccan decent that do n't hold two passports . 
   as far as i know it has n't affected us in any major way ** and most think they 're free to come here . 
  ** source ? 
  will your grandchildren still consider themselves to be british though ? 
  will they still have a british passport and go to the uk every year ? 
  will they own houses in the uk ? 
  they 're the most fanatic akp voters of all turks living abroad . 
  that 's foreign born , does n't take into account the children and grandchildren of those that came in the 1960s and 1970s . 
  that 's when northwestern europe was taking in most immigrants . 
   this is such a myth .
