  bruges is perhaps more of a tourist trap so ghent or antwerp might be better options . 
  i would go with bologna , florence and perhaps sienna , but definitely not more than three cities in 6.5 days . 
  the dutch tv industry is pretty much concentrated in the [ media park ] ( http://mediapark.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/79384_2500px.jpg ) in hilversum . 
  the public and commercial broadcasters air from there . 
  most tv programmes either come from hilversum or amsterdam . 
  okay , well that makes sense . 
  sure , it 's the * z * that makes it look nice . 
  that looks awesome , like some sort of secret agency . 
  correct although that 's german , in dutch it 's * de verenigde staten * . 
  * amerika * is also commonly used . 
  independence from what ? 
  some countries take it to the extreme ... 
   we have a nice moderate-left to center-left thing going on on this subreddit , why do you have to keep asking questions about the refugees ?!, 
  why are you trying to politically claim this subreddit ? 
  it 's called ` askeurope ' not ` asklefteurope ' . 
   who looks very germanic what makes someone look very germanic and non-belgian ? 
  does it concern her though ? 
  let 's just say montreuil is a cheap option if you 're on budget . 
  yeah , and public transportation is absent or insufficient in many parts of the us so i can see why a big car is a valuable asset . 
  well you definitely do n't want to spend an hour in the london underground during rush hour each morning . 
  if you 're here for a short period of time , i would suggest finding something within a reasonable distance from the main attractions , if you have more time and do n't mind the commute , one of the suburbs will be fine . 
  in paris for example i stayed in montreuil , it took me 20 minutes to get to the city center . 
  that 's definitely doable . 
  it 's definitely okay for a day trip , but not something i would do on a regular basis . 
  perhaps if i had a big ass american car , but not with the small cars we have in europe . 
  everyone has different standards , i do n't mind walking a lot in cities . 
  all these cities are walkable to a certain extent , the question is whether you like hopping from sight to sight or find it worth it to make these strolls . 
  in paris i would just buy a few , say 10 , one-way metro tickets . 
  they 're fairly cheap and can be used whenever you feel like it . 
  make sure to have a tube map within reach in every city so you know where to embark and which lines to take . 
  that 's an impressive itinerary !, 
  visit the free british museum in london , the vatican museums and the louvre if you 're into famous art . 
  a tip , do n't overpay for a bus tour in london , just buy a regular ticket for a normal bus , sit upstairs and upfront and you 'll have an amazing view for just a few pounds . 
  you do n't have to but then you wo n't receive an invoice , you answered your own question . 
  my own grandparents did n't understand english well , but they were born just after the great war . 
  they were more german-orientated as they grew up near the border . 
  i think the post-war generations on average are better at english and are able to converse using simple language . 
  as for the younger generations , you can hold a conversation with pretty much everyone under 35 , but do n't expect near-native proficiency . 
  on average you 'll find better english skills within the it industry for obvious reasons such as greater exposure to the internet and a higher level of education . 
  rome is truly amazing , so much history in one place . 
  wilders polls at 20-25 % . 
  i believe the main reason lies with immigration . 
  even before leaving the eu was part of his platform , people voted wilders because of the ( perceived ) negative impact immigration from islamic and poor countries had on our society . 
  people are not making these things up , neighbourhoods have changed for the worse , and ( descendants of ) immigrants are overrepresented in crime stats . 
  for a long time discussing these problems was impossible without being called a racist or the new hitler . 
  the first politician to address these issues in the netherlands was pim fortuyn in the late 1990s . 
  he was doing well in the polls . 
  other parties and left activists started a hate campaign which resulted in his assassination in 2002 , a few days before the elections . 
  a few years later a famous director and islam critic was killed by a muslim terrorist who also threatened to kill an mp , ayaan hirsi ali , who had been an advocate against islam and girl mutilation . 
  wilders and hirsi ali have been under constant protection ever since . 
  these things have definitely changed our society into a more suspicious and distrustful one . 
  wilders is a product of that history . 
  have you thought about starting a fundraiser ? 
  you might be able to get some media attention , and perhaps you can at least finance part of the treatment or save enough to move to another ( cheap ) eu country where it 's covered . 
  that just put a big smile on my face , i can confirm it * is * an amazing place to live . 
  you do n't get to decide what 's quality and what 's not . 
  you prefer your way of travelling , others do it their way . 
  well i ca n't think of a place with that many famous highlights so close together outside of europe . 
  i would be in favour if executed correctly , but i understand there 's not enough support for it right now . 
  overall they 're clean , littering does happen but is very rare and looked down upon ( like everywhere i guess and hope ) . 
  just look at some streetview images and you 'll get an idea . 
  why not just accept that some people are into that . 
  besides , spending 3 days in rome , 4 days in paris is not * that * short . 
  i 've done rome in 3 days , and later returned for another week . 
  sure , being there for a longer period of time is more relaxed , but three days is doable . 
  i even made day trips to paris from where i live . 
  with the right mindset , you can see a lot and still enjoy it . 
  i for one like to stroll around a city from morning till evening and see as much of the city as i can . 
  if you plan in advance you 're just travelling efficiently , and that too can be very joyful . 
  that 's because you live in europe , and can visit anyplace whenever you want without having to spend much . 
  if you 're from outside of europe , you want to see only the highlights and as many as you can , because you might not be returning for another decade . 
   and wants to be separate from the netherlands . 
  no they do n't . 
  we have several religious broadcasting associations that get assigned a certain amount of broadcasting time on our public channels . 
  the shows they make are not necessarily very religious , although they also broadcast sunday 's masses , holiday specials and stuff like that . 
  the main focus though seems to be on shows that appeal to a greater audience but have a religious touch , like talk shows about subjects that interest religious people or wildlife documentaries . 
  televangelism is not a thing in the netherlands though , and is very much looked down upon . 
  the christian broadcasting associations are fully accepted in our public broadcasting system and are not scrutinized by non-religious groups . 
  some are also very open-minded , the catholic broadcaster made a series about youngsters coming out to their family and friends as lgbt . 
  they also accepted gay couples in the dutch adaptation of the british format * farmer wants a wife * . 
  the evangelische omroep ( evangelic association ) is less gay-friendly . 
  one of their hosts was not allowed to participate in the gay pride to show solidarity for instance . 
  they however apologized after broadcasting an interview with a `` cured homosexual '' . 
  we used to do the same , we used to send shit to eurovision and nobody that actually cared about their career wanted to enter eurovision . 
  we did n't reach the grand final for 10 years . 
  this all changed in 2013 when anouk announced she wanted to participate . 
  after her participation famous singers were more willing to participate and in 2014 we even got into 2nd place . 
  send her to eurovision already ... 
  [ belgium ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60ithlz5wea ) , we miss you guys :( [ turkey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtiimj9tuc8 ) , yeah i know he 's from india ... [ amsterdam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drfsxlchrwc ) [ scandinavia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzmi5f_yu1o ) , mooi = beautiful, 
  between 1997-2015 it was 18 in total . 
  my school only had a flag with the emblem of our school . 
  well easy for you to say , you have no country to give a fuck about , 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i 'm not really sympathetic toward any of these governments right now , but probably the least to putin although i believe he is a necessary evil . 
  do n't know much about china , too little to make sound remarks . 
  as for the us , it is still my favourite of the three , but your political system is flawed and not just because trump won by minority vote . 
   for example there 's groenlinks who think that the end goal should be that the netherlands becomes a republic . 
  okay , and d66 wants the eu to be a federal state , yet they wo n't do anything to achieve that until the population as a whole wants that . 
  i 'm not even sure whether they 'd support a motion about it at this point in time . 
  i do n't think there 's a majority for a 100 % ban ( i.e.
