  o no , our country has never been more divided , i feel like a brit . 
  til not to shake hands with my fellow countrymen . 
  #i 'm with the 50 %, 
   greek : * chr\u00edmata * - from ancient greek * khr\u00eama * `` that which is needed '' could we please divert all our attention to the study of ancient greek , apparently it predicts the future . 
  6 months `` did italy hold national elections ? '', 
  i ca n't pronounce the name of their capital , a name on which they ca n't seem to settle either . 
  local council member , not a big fish . 
  perhaps , although i deem it much more likely that technological advancements will boost new waves of secularization to which your offspring will not be immune . 
  wilders ' campaign platform is pretty much de-islamization , no more immigration from islamic countries and a referendum on eu-membership in which he will campaign out . 
  it 's an important issue for the pvv . 
  actually , prices stay the same , they only round the total sum you pay at the counter . 
  so if you buy three packs of $ 1.99 , you pay ( 3 x $ 1.99 = $ 5.97 --  ) $ 5.95 . 
  if you buy only two packs , you pay $ 4 . 
  it 's not like every product will be repriced . 
  yes . 
  they 're a very populist party that wants to cater to the elderly because they are the most likely group to go out and vote . 
  they want to reverse the 2010 pension reform , i.e. 
  set the retirement age at 65 ( instead of 67 ) . 
  they whine elderly people are a poor and forgotten group in our society . 
  whenever confronted with facts that the elderly are among the richest groups in our society they simply say these facts are false or biased . 
   i oppose it because in the end the prices will only be rounded up . 
  why do you think so ? 
   a 1.03 eur price tag would be rounded down to 1eur . 
  no , to 1.05 $ . 
  [ made in 1498 , ice skating on the river meuse ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/liduina_ijs.jpg ), 
  ` house of cards ' with a dutch budget , so do n't expect too much . 
  well this might be the type of segregation that causes people to be taken aback when extremist politicians gain power . 
  they lost contact with other layers of our society . 
  not saying you should befriend poorly educated people , but it can help to just be aware of the fact that your experiences are not universal . 
  damn , that made me scared and i 'm in my 20s . 
  nice try maurice . 
  [ nothing wrong with denmark . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/rjj1jcaffcm ), 
  was referring to the shit companies do . 
   this is why i did n't vote , this is why i actually do n't know anybody that voted . 
  in what kind of bubble do you live that you do n't know any of the 1 in 3 countrymen that voted ? 
  that 's not corruption , those are not government agencies . 
  would be similar to us lifting travel restrictions with flanders , nobody would mind . 
  that 's great , and i hope many more people will visit . 
  but does knowing about it actually result in more people visiting ? 
  i mean , i know about it , but i do n't necessarily take it into consideration when making holiday plans . 
  due people genuinely visit a city because it is featured as the european capital of culture except for some politicians and bureaucrats ? 
  i support the eu investing in culture and tourism , but this seems like a rather narrow approach . 
  agreed ... 
  poland has embassies in all nations ? 
  which is understandable so i do n't think this would be that big of a deal to may 's government . 
  i do n't think australian migration will be a problem for brexiteers , is n't that their wet dream ? 
  ever heard of greenhouses ? 
  wrong post ? 
  i do n't feel comfortable with becoming united by degrading other nations . 
  the us is and will at least for now be the most important and powerful ally of a united europe . 
  no need to trash talk like that , they 're ordinary people too you know , not that different from us . 
  still leaves enough south , you could easily sustain a population twice your current size . 
  it 's not , though the dutch figure would be even higher if you account for the fact that almost 20 % of our area is water , which is uninhabitable and much higher than most countries . 
  that 's because it 's a percentage of gdp . 
   ( dutch disease ) luckily we have a $ 1.7 trillion pension fund to make up for that !, 
  sarah could already see those damned russians coming for her !, 
  why does it always sound so awkward when british people try to pronounce french names ? 
   brexit to the right ** and north ** possibly even more important . 
  which is good for local producers , but bad for consumers that are paying too much for relatively inefficient production . 
  yet is also means inflation as imported goods and services get more expensive . 
  juncker , tusk and tajani are all christian democrats which has been the most powerful group in europe for the past decades . 
  how convenient ... but as i said , i can in no way judge the situation in turkey . 
   theres no guarantee for release , no requirement for a guarantee , or anything of the sort . 
  nowhere did i say there is a guarantee for release . 
   complaining about the fact that there 's a possibility of release means that you explicitedly want that people who your own justice system want to release to stay in prison . 
  no , ` my own justice system ' does n't want them to have the possibility to be released , that 's why the echr ruled against it . 
  and whether you think that 's cruel or not is honestly not very relevant , it 's simply not what we signed up for . 
  i do n't know who was behind the coup , but who attempts a coup without eliminating the current leadership first anyway ? 
   was not immediately clear from the article , nor from your comment . 
  * but the judges rejected his appeal , saying the european convention on human rights did not ban the imposition of a life sentence on convicted murderers * *** as long as there was a prospect of release for the prisoner and a possibility of a review of their sentence . 
  ***  the echr does not forbid whole-life jail sentences . 
  they just require that there 's a possibility of review and/or release . 
  that 's like saying they do n't prohibit jail sentences as long as they can be served at home . 
  the essence of a life-time sentence is ( or at least used to be ) that you die in prison without having the opportunity of release and such a sentence is no longer possible under echr rule . 
  no , if you read the article it states that they require countries to at least provide the opportunity of release at some point . 
  there is no such reassessment in the netherlands and that 's why they have deemed the dutch system to be in violation of article 3 of the convention . 
  it 's not a popular opinion on this subreddit , but i do think that the brits have a point when it comes to the european court of human rights . 
  it 's a bastion of scholarly human rights activists that has too much power and is in some cases overstepping its mandate with decisions like these . 
  the incorporation of the terms ` degrading and inhumane treatment ' was never meant to prohibit life-imprisonment as a sentence by the lawmakers that drew up the document . 
   carl bildt nuff said . 
   ( which by the way is not the same as europe ) wanting your country to physically leave europe would be a rather awkward position to take . 
  okay , well then i 'll admit it to you . 
  we 've been dumping your gift in the ocean since day one . 
  it 's not just the ocean , you guys should really consider to stop sending us water !, 
  we really have plenty . 
  we offer generous development aid schemes . 
  great , now i 've got six viruses . 
  that would make for an even better trailer , imagine her looking at the rising water and accepting her faith as a sea mammal . 
  i am sorry , but that 's just hilarious . 
  `` wat '' actually means `` what '' so perhaps he * was * surprised ... 
  it goes with the next line : `` wat ga je doen ? '', 
  ( what will you do ? ), 
  the name of the series translates as `` when the dykes break '' . 
  we even [ subtitle people from groningen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt-gica0dcs ) ... 
  they recently made a dutch/belgian tv series ( [ trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jyzgpxli4ec ) ) on what would happen if our protection fails . 
  i 'm surprised it 's not a dutch caravan though . 
   had angela merkel listened to her critics and closed germany 's borders , it would have seriously threatened the existence of the eu in its current form . 
  luckily , she did n't . 
  instead she decided to threaten the existence of the european union in its entirety by her rhetoric of open borders , which in addition gave bremain its final blow .
