  i 'm glad my country is one of those six . 
  i hope more countries will endorse this letter . 
  the problem with this is that if the eu takes a tougher stance , romanians might go apeshit about eu dictatorship . 
  italy should prosciutto them !, 
  where does it imply that ? 
  on our way , we 're currently stationed in lithiuania so it might take a while . 
  oh no we no longer have tanks , when 's the next flight to copenhagen ? 
  that 's a very simple way of thinking then . 
  the nazis also thought highways were convenient for transportation . 
  that does n't make highways fascist . 
  you are not allowed an opinion on art ? 
  thinking the west has a culture superior to some other cultures does not make you a fascist . 
  thinking otherwise does make you look quite foolish though , implying saudi arabian culture and western culture should be valued the same . 
  they are eurosceptic . 
  that 's pretty much how i would define western europe as well . 
  the problem is some seem to think a country can not for instance be both western and southern europe . 
  to be honest , i do n't think it 's fair to equate admiration for venezuela under chavez to support for maduro in the crisis venezuela is currently facing . 
  venezuela was doing pretty well socioeconomically during chavez 's reign . 
  i also do n't see how that one quote from the pope makes him a ` die-hard fan of maduro ' . 
  this article seems pretty sensationalist . 
  the concept of unarmed police officers does not exist in the netherlands so i have seen my fair share of handguns , but i have yet to see an officer or soldier patrolling with a larger firearm . 
  in the end , we 'll have to see whether we are in it for the long run or whether it was just a phase . 
  true in my experience as well , i have n't seen any in the uk yet , though the police ( ? ), 
  around westminster seemed heavily armed as they probably should be . 
  the first time i saw armed soldiers patrolling was at eurodisney paris in the early 2000s . 
  since then i 've seen them all over france , italy and recently in belgium as well . 
  it 's still a non-existing sight in the netherlands so a bit unusual for me , but it shows countries are taking these attacks seriously and are there to protect citizens and visitors . 
  sure italy offers a lot of treats , just like france , spain , germany , austria , etc. 
  someone from holland reporting here , currently in florence . 
  it 's extremely hot and i 'm sweating my ass off , but it 's not as bad as i expected . 
  i am used to going outside to cool down a bit , but right now stepping outside feels like entering a sauna . 
  to be honest , at this point i wish they would just roll a dice or look at how many institutions are already being hosted by a member state . 
  i do n't see how belgium and germany for instance would be serious candidates , considering the important institutions they already have on their soil . 
  i would n't mind italy or spain ( although i personally think the torre gl\u00f2ries is a hideous building ) . 
  these numbers are wrong for the netherlands , they switched places . 
  there 's actually 86k brits in the netherlands and about 40k dutch in the uk . 
  if it 's anything similar to the dutch kingdom , it just means they have full autonomy but no sovereignty , so defence and foreign policy are determined by copenhagen , but other than that they would have their own laws and stuff . 
  they are not under control of denmark , but rather denmark 's equal . 
  there will be a book , a documentary and perhaps even a movie ... 
  translation ? 
  awesome footage , really enjoyed this tv series when it aired . 
  we could n't , all that does in the end is leave 7 billion people poor . 
  your solution requires a global form of communism which kills innovation and progress . 
  it 's trying to empty the ocean with a thimble , it 's not feasible in any way , especially with current african birthrates . 
  i also do n't think anyone should have to live in these conditions , but i am realistic enough to know that we ca n't help 3 billion people living in poverty or even 50 million war refugees . 
   it does n't matter if these people suffer as long as we do n't have to deal with it . 
  are you also in favour of spending $ 1,500 billion to provide everyone in africa with food , education and decent health care ? 
  if not , that would be quite hypocritical of you . 
  a small world it is . 
  neither have i , i have no idea who they are . 
  the description said they were franciscan monks . 
  all these pictures have unknown photographers , i do n't know how they ended up in the dutch national archives , but perhaps they were shot by dutch journalists abroad ? 
  explains the population decline in central and eastern europe . 
  * where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  that 's why it should be done collectively , we 're a union . 
  let them take it out on all of us , we 'll stand by the italians and i am sure the people of europe are with us in knowing unlimited illegal migration can not go on forever . 
  i know , that 's why i said ` propose to make it possible ' . 
  we ourselves signed these treaties , so we are the ones that can actually change the way they work . 
  the dutch figure seems to be correctly based on our march election . 
  however , there are only two parties that actually want to leave the european union and hold a referendum on nexit ( pvv and fvd ) . 
  they got about 15 % support . 
  the other parties ( sp , pvdd and sgp ) do n't want to leave the european union , but are either highly critical of giving the eu more power , want to leave the eurozone or think the current eu only acts in the interest of big business . 
  then why is n't italy itself proposing to make it possible to send migrants back to libya instead of constantly asking other countries to take in migrants ? 
   i have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin , but by the content of their character . 
  \\ - martin luther king , jr. 
  i think part of the discrepancy is explained by the difference in rights for employees , such as sick leave , pregnancy leave , maternity leave and more days off . 
  if you work 365 days a year ( hyperbolically ) you are bound to produce and earn more resulting in a higher gdp and higher income . 
  it sure is my fellow american , 
  it was 5.9 in the netherlands in 2016 ( versus 5.8 in 2015 ) . 
  the increase is small , but that 's because biomass decreased by 2 % . 
  the 20 % increase in wind and solar was enough to make up for the loss in biomass . 
  then we are american !, 
  because posting a news article takes so much effort . 
  it 's about the dutch police emblem . 
  there 's no new dinxperlo somewhere across the pond ? 
  and clearly danish , is it even a language ? 
  `` toilets of europe '', 
  i like how the bicycle stands are on the dutch side . 
  you 're a very talented person , keep on drawing !, 
  some of them are just activists . 
  government bans just add to the thrill for them . 
  i have family that visited ukraine , it 's beautiful and extremely cheap . 
   a total of 75 seats , thats not the majority required . 
  you 're implying their defeat was due to the referendum . 
  the referendum was not even an election topic . 
  like in the good old days actually . 
  was miguel angel blanco a popular politician , or did he get famous after he got abducted ? 
  most people that are highly educated do n't know shit about the eu , what 's your point ? 
  stop embarrassing yourself , and honestly stop saying ` we ' . 
  you are not our representative , thank you . 
  pvv supporters are eurosceptic because they link migration to the eu and are oblivious to the eu , except when something negative happens . 
  most do n't know shit about the eu , those that do and are genuinely against vote fvd . 
   shit like this is exactly what makes people like geert wilders popular . 
  not really , uncontrolled migration and exploiting ignorance on how the eu works is what makes him popular . 
   we are n't gon na give up our economic well being just because countries like france want us to . 
  it 's not just france , it 's the european union , the oecd , the g20 , pretty much all major players including our own government have said they want to battle tax avoidance . 
  it could in the end be very lucrative to create a common corporate tax base as it 's not a zero-sum game for europe . 
   just change your own laws that will force countries to pay taxes if they want to do any business in your country . 
  thought of that ? 
  have you thought about internal market regulations making that impossible ?
