   and comparing our countries to states is actually rather offensive to me . 
  then you have a serious problem . 
  do you even know how offensive it is to say you 're offended by being compared to florida ? 
  thank you for your interest . 
  eu laws have priority over nationals laws , so in that regard it 's very much a federal government , but on other issues ( army , foreign policy ) it 's nowhere near a federal government . 
  it 's pretty much in between . 
  the netherlands does n't have a president ( monarchy here ) , our system works differently so it 's hard for me to compare dutch politics to american politics . 
  moreover our political leaders are obviously not as important as your national leaders , but national politics are still far more important than european politics . 
  i think 50 % will not know who juncker and tusk are , or what their respective positions within the eu are . 
  imagine 50 % of americans not knowing who obama and biden are or what they do . 
  i barely know a handful of dutch meps , let alone meps from other member states ( except for some famous politicians like farage and le pen that is ) . 
  even more shocking might be that 90 % of people will not recognise most eu commissioners , they will know the dutch commissioner ( our former minister of foreign affairs ) and likely recognise federica mogherini , but that 's about is . 
  you can literally show us a picture of a random commissioner and we will not even recognise their face . 
  * european union : internal market , foreign policy , human rights policy , monetary policy and corporate taxes . 
  * nation states : all other policy areas , except for local issues . 
  * municipalities : only local issues that are specific to a certain area ( parking , zoning plans , building permits , public order etc. ) . 
  we do n't need provincial governments in the netherlands , there 's nothing they do that ca n't be done by either our national government or ( partnerships between ) municipal governments . 
  we would still have provinces for historical/cultural reasons , but they can be managed by the national government and will incorporate little more than entities for statistics and such . 
  it should be easier for municipalities to work together on areas such as ( public ) transport . 
  in the future we could transfer defence powers to the european union as well as other policy areas that are better dealt with on a european level , but only if democratic control is expanded . 
  ( unelected ) heads of state meeting behind closed doors is not democracy , neither is a european parliament with little power and lack of media coverage . 
  that 's not even a drama series , just sketch comedy . 
  many people here only make the distinction between western and eastern europe . 
  balkan countries , except for greece , are considered eastern european . 
  interesting , i can recognise dutch people by their blondish hair , attitude , clothing , length and the clumsiness that comes with that . 
  never thought of facial features , although i do tend to see these facial features with brits and germans . 
  i guess i can tell * they * look different from us , but i never thought about the fact this also means * we * look different from them . 
  germans are eastern europeans , but * sstt ... * do n't tell them !, 
  worse in the sense that it 's considered to be poor and a hotbed for criminal gangs . 
  i do n't know anyone that would want to move to eastern europe , but things are starting to change for the better . 
  poland , hungary and croatia are starting to become popular tourist destinations , just like the czech republic has become a popular destination over the last two decades . 
   the dutch rabbit-mouth care to elaborate ? 
  no , that 's definitely not the case . 
  sure , they 'll say the us made some big foreign policy mistakes , but it would be totally irresponsible to pull back from nato and most europeans understand that . 
  he does n't necessarily have to be . 
  it 's not like the president of the united states holds absolute power . 
  he comes across as wild and stuff , but he can be statesmanlike when he needs to be and he 'll have his advisers and secretaries to govern for him . 
  i 'm not saying donald trump is the best candidate or will be a good president , but for now i 'd say we 've seen worse ( george w. bush , ronald reagan ) . 
  i stand by what i said : it 's not the words that matter , it 's the actions . 
   kommissar rex you really wan na mention that :'), 
  no , but he wo n't . 
  it 's just political rhetoric . 
  as a president he will be much more moderate , plus he will have advisers and congress to redirect him . 
  words do n't really matter , actions do . 
  nah , not really . 
  perhaps southerners/texans , but i think redneck is a more prevalent stereotype for them . 
  i honestly ca n't think of a dutch drama series i liked . 
  my teacher actually was an american . 
  apart from our former colony surinam ( not latin american i know ) and our caribbean islands , there 's not much of a link . 
  i personally know some people from latin america , because of exchanges . 
  they 're great people and really not that different from southern europeans . 
  i have some dollar bills and coins , but that would n't add up to more than $ 20 , just leftovers from travelling . 
  but not everyone that is against migration is xenophobic , racist or hateful . 
  yes , so ? 
  i think it is , if it were n't we would just be a slightly bigger luxembourg . 
  what 's nice about my country is that it 's small and densely populated . 
  i can get to pretty much anywhere within two and a half hours and to the big four ( amsterdam , rotterdam , the hague and utrecht ) within an hour . 
  my province alone has 3.6 million inhabitants , wherever i go within a ten minute bike ride , it 's always going to be * gezellig * . 
   chapel i think . . with a lot of human bones , skulls etc. 
  creepy . 
  yeah , seems to be some sort of catholic thing . 
  i visited one in rome , it 's pretty messed up . 
  those are funded by a small christian organisation that is against profanity . 
  that 's not my experience with british telly though . 
  americans however do tend to make a big deal out of it , by bleeping and apologising for the usage of bad words . 
  even using ` nigger ' in a non-racial/informative way is considered to be not done . 
  things you 'll hear pretty often are * godverdomme * , * jezus * , * shit * and * kut * ( goddammit , jesus , shit and cunt ) . 
  it 's pretty common to hear someone say * ` dat is kut ' * which translates best as ` that sucks ' . 
  you 'll hear this on tv , not that big of a deal . 
  you 're less likely to hear someone actually swear , for which we use all types of diseases and genitals : * krijg de klere/kanker/tyfus !, 
  = get cholera/cancer/typhoid !, 
  = cholera/cancer/typhoid sufferer !, 
  = ball sack !, 
  = dick/cock !, 
  = whore !, 
   is this just a hype that will fade away ? 
  it 's been going on for over 15 years now in the netherlands . 
  i do n't think it will fade away and do not consider it to be a hype . 
  i have tons of coins , since i never use them , just put them in a bowl . 
  * 50x germany * 25x belgium * 24x netherlands * 14x france * 13x spain , italy * 6x austria * 4x finland * 2x portugal , greece * 1x ireland , luxembourg , monaco , cyprus, 
  i know relatives who have flown to istanbul with turkish airlines . 
  i 'm not going to say istanbul airport is perfectly safe ( because we 've seen it 's not ) , but i do n't think any airport is truly 100 % safe . 
  the chances of you getting caught up in a terrorist plot , are very small though . 
  istanbul airport is pretty western orientated and modern . 
  brussels airport i would say is very safe right now , with extra checks in place . 
  i have n't flown from brussels airport since the attack , so experiences stem from before . 
  it 's a medium sized modern airport , with good customer service . 
  you 'll get by using english only . 
   save me , barry !, 
  it 's simon !, 
  * [ rita ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jq0hwexhnj0 ) * from denmark , * [ misfits ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsbyxlynzle ) * from the uk . 
  it 's chalet . 
  i 've been there as well during the summer , beautiful lakes and forests as well . 
  nice place indeed . 
  do you have a credible source though ? 
   so they told me to do something to her so they 'd be able to film her telling . 
  `` what did you do ?! '', 
  `` you told me to do something to her :d '' `` i did n't mean stabbing her !, 
  o my god , someone call an ambulance ! '', 
  why go abroad when you 're already in the most popular tourist destination on earth !,
