  without ( full ) access to the internal market , the economic centre will shift toward the continent and perhaps even disappear leaving multiple small centres . 
   afterall , switzerland does just fine , and they have complete control over their immigration , justice policy , etc. 
  and are not expected to reign in their potential with the added loss of independence . 
  you clearly have no idea in what position switzerland finds itself . 
  still , you can deport them again , and again . 
  until they stop trying . 
  the real issue is that too many never get deported . 
  then detain them while they await there asylum request . 
  we do this in the netherlands when people arrive by plane , nothing wrong with that . 
  we as europe really have to learn to ignore leftist groups , they have the biggest mouths , but zero practical solutions other than give them everything they demand . 
  it 's the observation deck , it includes an old klm aircraft that you can enter . 
  imagine riga being overrun by even more russians and russian becoming the lingua franca . 
   banning the burka as not compatible with western values sends a very strong message to women who wear burkas about their place in that society . 
  it defines them as outside of it . 
  they 're already placing themselves outside of society by wearing a burqa , and no they do n't belong here in the first place if wearing a burqa is so important to them they wo n't go outside without one . 
  so i guess the message sent is the correct one . 
  have you thought about the message we send by tolerating this kind of behaviour of ultra-conservative muslims toward women ? 
  how it 's enforcing the peer pressure these women are under ? 
   if we lose that , they will never integrate or assimilate or secularise . 
  even if they stop wearing a burka . 
  they will not integrate if they are not allowed to wear a burqa ? 
  how is this not blackmail or appeasing to regressive views ? 
  letting them wear a burqa will not make them like western society , and no banning a burqa wo n't either , but it 's at least sending the right message . 
  they 're coming to us , it 's not the other way around , so they 'll have to abide to at least the bare minimum of our social norms . 
   are we acquiescing to all this just because we want to be religiously tolerant ? 
  this is essentially what it comes down to , and some liberals will do anything to appease these regressives . 
  frankly , they have a point when it comes to degenerated neighbourhoods because of large immigrant populations and the lack of integration on their part . 
  this is not limited to sweden , but sweden happens to take in even more migrants than other western european countries . 
  so no , they/we do n't think sweden is a third world country , but yes we do think uncontrolled migration does not affect your country in a positive way . 
  because elected heads of state come and go , and therefore simply have less appeal . 
  honestly , they do n't really think your queen wears a hijab . 
  what 's with the portuguese in luxembourg ? 
  there 's no use for them in the netherlands anyway . 
  it 's a stereotype that exists , mainly because you 've taken in most migrants in europe per capita and are known for being liberal/politically correct . 
  stereotypes may or may not be true , but they have always been the object of jokes and mockery . 
  if someone jokes about our king not smoking some pot on a photo , we would n't have a mental breakdown , but just laugh about it . 
  then it must be the only thing you 've heard today . 
  so are a lot of others stereotypical jokes you would n't heavily down vote . 
  you 're doing it to prove a point . 
  do n't mind the down votes , that was pretty funny . 
  yeah , and it 's a smart move on your part . 
  excelling in track cycling is also better for your position than excelling in say hockey or football . 
  the only reason the us is on top is because of the crazy amount of medals in swimming . 
  you want to deny money plays a role ? 
  it only makes sense that countries that have recently organised the olympics do fairly well , since they 've invested a lot in sports and training facilities . 
  she was pretty upset about not winning the 200m though , still the best european athlete . 
  no medal table whatsoever will give you a fair depiction of who did best though , the ` regular ' table is highly biased towards swimming medals for instance . 
  in the end , there 's no way of saying who ` really ' won and maybe that 's for the better . 
  then face the implications and stop trying to turn this german problem into a european problem . 
  because human rights law has turned into something based too heavily on interpretation rather than textual explanation , which effectively means your constitution is a carte blanche to whatever human right courts rule . 
  an example of this is the life time sentence recently being ruled ` inhumane ' which is certainly not what our political leaders intended to sign back in 1949 . 
  everyone politically persecuted has the right to find refuge in germany . 
  now this is a great wwii-apologetic provision , and useful if another war breaks out in europe , yet there 's no room for a quotum . 
  if theoretically speaking china collapses , you 're obliged to provide shelter to 1 billion chinese folk ( if they 'd apply for asylum ) , and there 's no way of changing that , hurray !, 
  it 's not 21st century proof , mobility has improved dramatically since back then . 
  your constitution is ridiculous and a typical product of wwii-sorryism . 
  not only does its content make little sense in the 21st century , you made it so it can not be changed . 
  time for a small revolution . 
  the echr was supposed to serve the interest of europeans , not africans and asians landing on our shores to abuse the system . 
  germany ca n't change its own constitution ? 
  i doubt that . 
  edit : the first article is about respecting human rights . 
  allowances are not a human right , nor is being granted a private home . 
  spot . 
  i 'll take your word for it . 
  that 's because the turks in the west came from rural turkey , not from istanbul , ankara or coastal cities . 
  they were among the poorest in the country when they enlisted for jobs in the west . 
  but what does a man of his stature do when he loses an election ? 
  he wages war on the kurds to boost his popularity . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/14/charlie-hebdo-turkey-block-web-pages-front-cover-muhammad http://www.wsj.com/articles/turkey-rocked-by-charlie-hebdo-cover-1421247479 http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/turkish-journalists-jailed-for-charlie-hebdo-reprints-1.2628128, 
  i meant they banned that particular issue . 
  maybe it used to be this way , but a prominent dutch turk recently got charged with ` insulting the prophet ' . 
  and did n't they ban a newspaper publishing the charlie hebdo frontpage after the attack in paris ? 
  i 'm sure there 's police brutality in ethiopia , but really ? 
  the only safe place between switzerland and ethiopia is switzerland ? 
  blasphemy laws . 
  it certainly does and all your points are valid . 
  but selecting a soccer/hockey/volleyball / etc. 
  team out of 500m people instead of let 's say 20m also is a huge advantage so i think that would even out . 
  this is only relevant for team sports in which multiple eu-countries won medals . 
  it 's not an issue for individual athletes as an eu-team would only send their best , meaning there 'd be fewer athletes , but only fewer of those who were n't gon na get a medal anyway . 
  you , like most of europe , rely on nato ( mostly the us ) for you defense . 
  it 's the only reason you exist as a sovereign nation , but you do n't want to be a part of nato . 
  that 's free riding . 
  i actually meant the part of getting citizenship for being married to someone without being a resident . 
  in the netherlands 64 % of the turkish population voted ak-parti , that 's the highest percentage in the world . 
  that 's shifting the burden of proof . 
  i do n't know who was involved ( i have some ideas though ) , but as far as i 'm concerned the turkish government has n't come up with a single piece of hard evidence for their claim that g\u00fclen and his movement are behind this coup attempt , and it certainly seems the us is n't so sure either . 
   i know that to you it seems like an issue that is far away i wish it did , unfortunately turkish politics is now an internal affair in the nl ( / eu ) . 
  there 's been a rash of protests , demolitions , threats and arsons . 
  people are taking their kids of schools supposedly linked to g\u00fclen , doctors are losing patients . 
  of course it 's not the same as in turkey , but it affects us , which is deeply saddening . 
  well the eu will most certainly derail at some point if nothing changes after the british exit . 
   would he even be eligible for citizenship just because his wife is german , though he 's not a resident of germany ? 
  that would be quite absurd right ? 
   again , you 're living in your own world if you actually believe that left-wing media has n't readily been criticizing erdogan for a long time now . 
  that 's pretty presumptuous of you , nowhere did i say left-wing media or traditional media for that matter have not been critical of erdogan . 
  you wan na call erdogans turkey a democracy ? 
  it 's just as much a regime , yet by nationalistic/islamic majority support . 
  it takes more to be a democracy , like freedom of speech and press .
