  even handing out money for making more babies is a better idea than this . 
  it 's reality , and there 's literally thousands of people in my city , that look exactly like that . 
  thousands ? 
  not really , a few hundred . 
  i absolutely do not . 
  yes , bbc 1/2 , bbc first and bbc world news are part of my standard tv package . 
  it 's pretty common packages also include een , canvas ( belgian broadcasters ) , zdf , ard ( german broadcasters ) . 
  in the 60s/70/80s it was very common for people that lived near the border to watch german tv , for they could receive that signal and dutch tv back then only had two channels that did n't even broadcast all day long . 
  my parents are fluent in german because they only watched german television . 
  so yes , foreign broadcasters were very popular back in the day . 
  uhm yes , over 2 million viewers is pretty rare for a tv show . 
  so , will there be more quakes : /, 
  are earthquakes common in romania ? 
  is this a regular thing ? 
  did you feel it ? 
  [ viva hollandia ] ( https://youtu.be/98xk73majt0 ) is our national football anthem . 
  one of our most popular tv shows is called [ i love holland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ik_hou_van_holland ) . 
  we are doing it to ourselves ... 
  perhaps , but i do n't think that 's likely . 
  why are you forgetting about the maltese and irish ? 
  it 's a beautiful city , but it just takes some time to recover from the attacks . 
  okay , but apparently he still believes in schengen because he does not want to abolish it . 
  hence my question , what does he want to change ? 
  why are we suffering from floods ? 
  what exactly does he want to renegotiate about schengen ? 
  it seems like we expanded overseas . 
  he 's not saying he does not consider norway to be a part of europe . 
  he 's just saying that eu and europe have become synonyms in colloquial speech , because most countries that people think of when hearing the word europe are in the eu . 
  would we accept this kind of behaviour if the perpetrator were n't religious ? 
  it 's islamic sexism , but sexism nonetheless . 
  but that 's the same in pretty much every country . 
  i think op went with singer . 
  so what are the odds that people who tend to have the same interests , same age and same social environment , also tend to hold similar religious believes ? 
  i bet they 're pretty high . 
  add to that most theists will probably be 50 + of age and/or live in the countryside , perhaps not demographics you 'll find among your friends . 
  `` hey , john , our neighbour 's tax expenses have dropped dramatically , i think he might have lost his job . 
  we should ask him over for dinner , better not bring up that vacation to thailand though . '', 
  income is associated with status and i do n't want people to treat me differently for knowing i 'm rich/poor , or even just slightly richer/poorer than someone else . 
  when i 'm negotiating my income , i do n't want my potential boss to know in detail what my last employer payed me . 
  i 'm not interested in details on other people 's income , not even rich people or politicians , i expect the tax authority to do its job , it 's something between a tax payer and the government . 
  i 'd say this is a major invasion of one 's privacy . 
  there is no reason anyone should be able to know a total stranger 's income . 
  for the netherlands , that 's [ anouk ] ( https://youtu.be/3rahtdnude4 ) . 
  i 'd choose dutch over german any day :d, 
  who cares it was only pro forma , or after a un resolution ? 
  that does n't change the fact you were actively supporting/enabling the effort . 
  but that 's not just ukip voters , that 's pretty much the average voter . 
  more solid than your guesswork . 
  i did n't mean to , did you already know the song ? 
  how about [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz-djr1qs54 ) , so irish :d, 
  you were a nato member actively taking part in this operation . 
  there 's no excuses like ` but it was berlusconi ' ? 
  who was berlusconi ? 
  the ceo of mcdonalds italy ? 
  no he was your prime minister ... 
  it was a nato mission in which italy participated . 
  europe is willing to help , but italy must also stop trying to be mother teresa or the pope . 
  people will die , that 's a fact of life , and we ca n't help everyone in the world . 
  so is italy willing to accept a deal that says we will do our best to help and save migrants , but that we will not bring them ashore in europe ? 
  so ` international law ' allows you to save them in libyan territorial waters , but not bring them ashore ? 
  i do n't buy that . 
   as far as i know , we 're not invading libyan waters to get the migrants you are , which is ridiculous and enabling people smuggling . 
  that 's fine , then we 'll just have to close our borders and throw you out of schengen . 
  we are willing to help you defend your borders , but we will not be another ferry bringing migrants to your shores , so you can send them to us . 
  living the middle life . 
  he came to collect his repaired iphone 5s . 
   merkel has acknowledged the eu is in a bad state . 
  that should count for something . 
  merkel has acknowledged multi-culturalism has failed . 
  that did n't stop her from making germany even more multi-cultural . 
  neither can i. 
  [ and a real tiny part of the netherlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duivelsberg ) :d, 
  18 % ca n't make up their minds . 
  why do you think they decided to be neutral ... 
  and the german-austrian axis . 
  i 'm in favour of a benelux army , maybe a first step would be to make regional armies of groups of countries that are alike . 
  if that works well , we could take it a step further , if it does n't , it 's easier to turn things back the way they were . 
  what ? 
  why are they not as easy to justify ? 
  we are still the largest net contributor per capita . 
  ** tl ; dr ** in an interview with the financial times , jyrki katainen , a vice-president of the european commission , outlined ideas for a european treasury for defence through which participating states would tap markets and fund joint purchases of `` eu-owned '' assets . 
  the initiative touches on sensitive operational areas usually reserved for nato - of which 22 member states are members - but the commission and other eu bodies believe the time is ripe to centralise more military investment and activities . 
  `` but just to defend our citizens and our liberties and freedoms we have to address terrorism and make sure that our border guards are well maintained instead of asking 30 policemen from member states or border guards from member state x or asking for drones or planes every time when there is some border problem . 
  if we had joint capacities it would make border control more efficient . '', 
  as a first step , mr katainen believes eu member states should scrap restrictions on the european investment bank , which typically funds infrastructure , so it can finance a broader range of defence projects . 
   this stance has left representatives fighting to explain to european leaders how `` dangerous '' a game they were playing , and how `` unlikely '' it was to succeed . 
  letting the uk cherry-pick will however be far more `` dangerous '' for the future of the entire union . 
  very odd indeed . 
  perhaps in the uk , but illegally staying in the country is not a criminal offence in the netherlands . 
  not only prisoners , also economic migrants . 
  are you saying there are too many hot women out there ? 
   she has a valid point though . 
   i never said the point was valid uhm ? 
  why did so few vote ? 
  sorry , but you ca n't ( objectively ) measure hapiness . 
  this is just another incomplete index of multiple factors that are not necessarily related to feeling happy . 
  we were talking about human rights , owning money is not a human right . 
  we have the council of europe for human rights issues . 
  besides , there 's no such thing as the right to live at other people 's expense . 
  your right stops , where mine starts .
