   sit down in the bus outside of the bigger cities when there are older people standing i think it 's common courtesy everywhere to give up your seat if an old ( wo ) man boards the bus . 
  israel is pretty much trumpland , such a shame . 
  and why would that prove anything without taking into account wealth distribution , homogeneity , education , law enforcement and such ? 
  that 's victim blaming . 
  if the perpetrator could n't buy his guns and ammo at a local store in the first place , it would be far more difficult to carry out an attack in the first place . 
  why would you even want to turn every school into a police station , do you really want to live in a state where that 's necessary ? 
  so that 's per 1000 , or percentage of total deaths ? 
  perhaps if you provided me with some sort of context , all i see is circles with numbers . 
  perhaps people who want to commit suicide and shoot their entire classroom , that 's never happened in the us , now has it ? 
  if we would follow your reasoning we would see just as many killings in countries where guns are freely circling and countries in which they are banned , because ` idiots will be idiots ' . 
  however , we do n't , because obviously the easy access to a gun , increases the use of guns . 
  it 's not true that someone that would use a gun , would just as easily use a knife or a car as a weapon . 
  i should have been more clear , the netherlands is my home , but so is south holland , i could n't see myself live in groningen or limburg , yet i feel connected to those parts of the country , just like i feel connected to the rest of the european union . 
   it 's just a supranational union to me like the un or nato or something i disagree there , for me the eu is a whole lot more than the un or even nato . 
  for me , the european union is my home , the eu directly affects me on a regular basis , the un/nato not so much ( though they 're obviously useful ) . 
  no , dutch does n't do that . 
  i remember that as well . 
  he lives in tropical malm\u00f6 in the deep south . 
  perhaps i am ignorant , but what do you mean ? 
  well it 's not all top quality music , but [ ronnie flex ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdjt4nc6qcs ) , [ broederliefde ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjosne0giko ) & [ de jeugd van tegenwoordig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnmxskfwflq ) make some enjoyable tracks . 
   yes , i listen to music i do n't understand  current genre of choice is dutch rap same for me . 
  well , most believe it was a stupid decision , other than that i do n't think people care that much . 
  there 's certainly no hate toward the uk . 
  considering the complexity of the subject i doubt you 'll find reliable survey data from ordinary citizens . 
  all i know is that we had net neutrality a few months/years before the eu adopted it . 
  i 've got to ask though , polish poles or polish americans ? 
  i know a lot of people that visited places outside of europe ( myself included ) , but i also know a lot of people that did n't . 
  i ca n't really give you any numbers , but it 's definitely not seen as uncommon to travel beyond europe . 
  poor soul , did your company provide victim support ? 
  we do what most people are too afraid of doing , but deep inside want to do themselves . 
  chocolate sprinkles on your sandwich , sure why not ? 
  does it only apply to new contracts or also current contracts ? 
  well , last thursday they broadcast an annual easter musical show in the netherlands called the passion . 
  this year they aired live from leeuwarden ( frisian : * ljouwert * ) in frisia . 
  the show featured two frisian songs ( * [ wer bisto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp3v9drnb7y ) * and * [ in nije dei ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn1xhkop7n8 ) * ) originally sung by a frisian band called de kast . 
  my grandparents most certainly did not like germany , germans and really anything that had to do with germany . 
  they suffered greatly during wwii , lost family and friends , were forced into labour in germany , their houses got destroyed . 
  so to answer your question , yes , my grandparents had a much more negative view on germany than i have . 
  it did fade though as the years went by , in the last years of my grandfather 's life , he actually visited germany for the first time since his enslavement and enjoyed his stay . 
  are there any monolingual irish speakers ? 
  in frisia for example , everyone is either bilingual ( frisian and dutch ) or monolingual in dutch . 
  i have always assumed the same situation applies to other minority languages in europe . 
   english is alongside swedish and maths a `` core subject '' through school you must pass to be allowed to graduate . 
  same in the netherlands , except for the swedish part , that would be dutch over here . 
  well if you want to be the annoying traveller holding everybody up in line , be our guest . 
  if it 's no big deal then why did you write :  the officer asked for my passport and started scanning it . 
  afaik you are simply supposed to make sure the person on the document is the same handing it . 
  and what if i only had my national id ? 
  how would they scan that ? 
  clearly it was a big deal to you one hour ago . 
  saying you flew in from bulgaria is somehow an invasion of your privacy or what ? 
  my passport gets scanned all the time in airports within the eu , is n't that just standard procedure nowadays ? 
  if the unsc councils decides to invade nk to destroy its nuclear facilities , it 's not like nk would be okay with that . 
  i 'm afraid that not even china can talk nk into abolishing its nuclear program . 
  that means the situation is still highly explosive , even if it 's dealt with by the unsc . 
  it 's either going to be do nothing to keep the peace * for now * , potentially offering nk the time to create a bomb that could reach the us , or act now and go all in . 
  we can only really hope nk gives in and agrees to participate in negotiations . 
  but nk would n't attack china if the us carries out a preemptive strike as that 's not its enemy , japan and south-korea are . 
  flairs never show up in your inbox , you 've been on reddit for 7 years , 
  to which most users responded something along the lines of ` not enough information available yet ' . 
  1 ) the netherlands 2 ) why not just click it ? 
  it apparently destroyed 36 jihadists , their tunnel system and 0 civilians so it was a great success . 
  the bomb was quite expensive though . 
  often wwii or napoleon stuff . 
  if you 're not really into flying and think train tickets are too expensive , you could always consider using flixbus or car sharing ( e.g. 
  why would you do that ? 
  just because ? 
  there 's a train going from brussels to amsterdam 16x a day ( [ intercity brussels ] ( https://www.nsinternational.nl/en/trains/intercity-brussels ) ) which stops in rotterdam . 
  from rotterdam , it 's best to take the [ intercity direct ] ( http://www.ns.nl/en/travel-information/special-routes/intercity-direct.html ) to continue your trip to amsterdam as it 's quicker ( the other train first goes to the hague , whereas the intercity direct will directly take you to schiphol airport and amsterdam central station ) . 
  your intercity brussels ticket is also valid on this train , you do n't need to pay additional fees . 
  definitely fly back from amsterdam to london , it 's far quicker and cheaper than by train . 
  i think it could very well be a northern european thing , possibly due to our weather . 
  the inside of my passport says ( in dutch , english and french ) :  in the name of his majesty the king of the netherlands , prince of orange-nassau , etc. 
  etc. , the minister of foreign affairs requests all authorities of friendly powers to allow the bearer of the present passport to pass freely without let or hindrance and to afford the bearer every assistance and protection which may be necessary . 
  but it 's just plain simple text , nothing special . 
   i think that 's a us thing it 's also very much a european thing , you are actively reminded by signs to cover your shoulders before entering churches in for example rome . 
   israel is 100 % an asiatic country , it is not like russia , turkey , kazakstan , etc. 
  that all have parts of their countries in europe . 
  israel is 100 % outside of europe . 
  so is cyprus as many other have pointed out already . 
  their song is pretty good , their live performance , not so much . 
  it 's russia , of course it will get many votes . 
  i am positive it wo n't qualify , it does n't stand out enough . 
  [ or this ... ] ( https://youtu.be/hda2ssm3bli ), 
  it 's so cheesy though . 
  you will definitely do better than last year , but the uk will not win , not enough neighbours to vote for you . 
  i 'm optimistic , the vocals are top-notch , although [ the song ] ( https://youtu.be/txyu6ivpi5c ) itself is nothing special . 
  i think we 'll qualify , and will not become last . 
  i actually think this could be the start of an international career for o'g3ne , someone must be willing to offer them a contract . 
  they 're really talented . 
  what about the pennsylvanian dutch , they speak some sort of german dialect it seems . 
  pretty close , suriname would have been to the netherlands what french guiana is to france , if our government had n't severed our ties . 
  other parts where dutch is spoken are part of our country still , so that feels even closer . 
  afrikaans speakers not so much , too much british influence i guess . 
   so you would not consider us central europe because of 70 years of history yes , because i happen to be under 70 and it being part of ( former ) yugoslavia is what i grew up with . 
  stay , the economical implications of us leaving the eu would be detrimental . 
  the eu should be improved though . 
  i do n't like the fact we are so dependent on people like merkel and juncker , the eu should have its own democratic institutions , referenda and directly elected leaders . 
  you ca n't govern a union by organising one-day meetings between leaders who are not invested in the eu once every other month . 
  i often have that same feeling , although i must say ` holland ' and ` amsterdam ' are usually well known outside of europe .
