  oops , fixed that . 
  for some reason i feel * lorry driver * is pretty common though . 
  the majority of people ( 60 % ) live in row houses . 
  [ this ] ( http://images0.tcdn.nl/dft/geld/article25568862.ece/binary/u/rijtjeshuisschoonen.jpg ) is what a typical dutch street looks like . 
  the average size of a one-family home is 137 m \u00b2 ( 1,475 ft \u00b2 ) . 
  we are 17 million people on a very small piece of land , this means that even though our houses are relatively small , they are also relatively expensive compared to us houses . 
  the average house costs $ 240,000 ( $ 250,000 ) . 
  bear in mind that these are national averages , amsterdam has totally different prices and [ sizes ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/1479992.jpg ) , and houses tend to be bigger in the province of [ limburg ] ( http://static.zoom.nl/9aa29b7e61080e82eccf35d668efa7d5-heuvellandschap-zuid-limburg-in-de-herfst-jpg.jpg ) for example . 
  truck , apartment , for rent . 
  see the edit . 
  when the queen announced she would step down and her son would take over in 2013 , our public broadcaster decided to gather all famous dutch artists and create a song for the new king . 
  the new song was composed by john ewbank , and people could send in lines that would be included in the lyrics of the song . 
  when the final song was published all hell broke loose . 
  the lyrics were full of grammatical errors , some claimed the song was plagiarised , others thought the hand gesture introduced in the video clip was embarrassing . 
  people kept downvoting and reporting the song , causing it to be temporarily removed from youtube . 
  in the end the producer withdrew the song , but the public broadcaster owned the song and continued anyway . 
  later it was made public that the song cost over half a million euros to produce , adding to the drama . 
  edit : [ link to the song ] ( https://youtu.be/meukykb4g6k ), 
  did you not have estonian as a subject in school ? 
  i guess it 's more or less comparable to their english classes . 
  but i do like reading from time to time , just not those old classics . 
  stop making me feel embarrassed !, 
  no , but i did see the tv/movie adaptations of some of their novels . 
  we are somewhere in between germany/austria , the nordic countries and the british isles . 
  i would say we have more in common with the brits than the luxembourgish , more with the danes than the germans , more with the germans than the irish , etc. 
  i 've read far too few non-british european authors to make an assessment . 
  to be honest , i do n't think i have ever read multiple books from the same non-british european author . 
  when it comes to dutch novels i guess i did like some books by harry mulisch though i ca n't say i 'm a fan or anything . 
  not divided at all , perhaps only wilders supports the settlements , but there 's broad consensus that they 're illegal . 
   sigh , once again i was making a generalization . 
  i know , and making a generalization based on race is pretty much the definition of racism . 
   not all that well if the approval rating of congress is and all the secession movements have anything to say about it . 
  i 'd say that has different reasons , like the influence of lobby groups and the fptp-system which created a two party system that is quite messed up since these two parties are so hostile toward each other , there 's no incentive to get anything done without damaging the other party along the way . 
   one of the main arguments for brexit was for autonomy of the british people . 
  many on the political right did n't want the economic regulations and restrictions that came out of belgium from britain . 
  they did n't come from belgium , they came from the member states and the european parliament . 
  now the brits have autonomy , but ai n't no large manufacturer gon na build something specifically crafted for the british market . 
  they 'll still be subject to eu regulations , but now they wo n't have a say in it . 
   yes but why would you do this if you did not have to ? 
  it would be different if one part of your country was hit by a natural disaster or an economic downturn and there was a federal relief effort or something . 
  why would you take on another countries problems if there is no incentive or will for the effected country/region to change . 
  out of solidarity . 
  i do n't have to pay taxes to support an unemployed person either ( well technically i do , but you get the point ) , but i want to because i do n't like to see him struggle for survival . 
  if i feel some sort of emotional bond with that other person , i will want him to fare well . 
  this works the same on a macro-level among regions , provinces and even countries . 
   i am just asking why there is the appeal for a superstate similar to the united states with all of the visible problems it has . 
  i still have not heard any positive arguments for such a state . 
  brotherhood i guess . 
  because all white americans oppress ethnicities and it 's therefore warranted to be racist toward them ? 
  so i could say that it 's okay to steal from blacks as long as ` they ' continue to be overrepresented in burglary stats ? 
  it 's definitely boring , but also very recognisable . 
   would n't there be regulation problems like there are in the united states with issues like guns . 
  all things you 're mentioning are already happening . 
  we already have open borders , we have different regulations on many things . 
  the european union is de facto already a state , in fact i would say the european union is even more potent than the us federal government when it comes to imposing legislation on its ( member ) states . 
   i could also see something similar happening to social policy as there is a resulting gridlock between the social liberalism of the west vs and the more religious traditional values of the east . 
  some countries have gay marriage , some do n't , some countries have strict abortion laws , other do n't . 
  that need not necessarily change if we become one country . 
  the us has been functioning for decades with different social laws among states . 
   as brexit is concerned , how much autonomy would each of the former countries have ? 
  pretty much the same as they have now within the eu i guess . 
  foreign , defense , migration and monetary policy would obviously have to be dealt with on a federal level . 
  this could be a deal breaker since many find it very hard to give up their defense and migration policy . 
   would belgium really decide what is best for all of europe ? 
  why would this even be ideal ? 
  not sure what you mean by that . 
  belgium is and would not be the sole power within such a superstate . 
  if you 're referring to veto-power , that obviously has got to go if you want a functioning federal government . 
  why would this be ideal ? 
  because it 's for the greater good , sometimes you gain , sometimes you lose . 
  european interest should outweigh local interest in certain policy areas . 
   finally , why would countries like britain , germany , and france want to take on the debt of italy , portugal , spain , and greece ? 
  would n't it be an unnecessary burden to have to pay off someone else 's debt ? 
  this would not be done without proper regulatory measures being put in place . 
  other than that you could ask why northern italy bears the burden of southern italy or why england provides for northern ireland/scotland . 
  every country has poorer regions that are being subsidized by the central government . 
  if there 's a common belief that we are a united people , it should n't be such a big hurdle . 
  right now such a common belief is not to be found among a majority of europeans i 'm afraid . 
  perhaps the czech republic . 
  yeah , the greek , italian and french coins are quite nice !, 
  i think our coins are rather boring , they feature our king ( older ones our former queen ) , but we have much better things to offer . 
  oops that should be * `` and what 's the worst '' * . 
  we do n't have them , at least i ca n't think of any . 
  that 's not the opinion the majority of brits held , or europe for that matter . 
  i think you 're misinterpreting juncker here . 
  you see , i 'm not a fan either , but he has his ` own style ' ( which i personally detest ) . 
  he chuckled because he did n't expect the question or thought it was inappropriate to ask , he did n't chuckle to show disrespect toward may . 
  furthermore he did n't want to speak to may through the media , hence his remark ` are you the british pm ? 
   they said that people came before politics which is in no way a satisfying response , that would have only made things worse . 
  yet it was the big driver behind the outcome of the referendum . 
  i think this is fairly accurate and i also believe merkel showing a little more sympathy toward concerned europeans and actually not saying things like ` you 're all welcome , we will take in them syrians ' would have prevented brexit . 
  but then again , merkel was not actually planning on acting on those concerns so i guess she presented a fair choice to the brits . 
  2 million km2 of useless land . 
  it is , but not so much around christmas . 
  we do it around sinterklaas and it 's pretty much standard in primary school where you draw one of your classmates . 
  we do n't have a typical new year 's song , but we do have a popular radio event which plays the best 2000 songs ever made and # 1 is played at twelve o'clock . 
  it 's usually queen - bohemian rhapsody , but last year people voted john lennon - imagine for obvious reasons ... a personal favourite : abba - happy new year . 
  nordic it is . 
  well , you 're definitely not american . 
  and there 's really nothing in between .
