  now is that what you want ? 
  are you willing to give up your privileges as a relatively rich earthling and become poor like the rest of the world ? 
  because if not , you 're actually exerting your right to not ` give a fuck ' . 
   letting us handle their refugees their ? 
  you mean the refugees merkel invited by dismantling the dublin agreement and saying they would be granted asylum in germany ? 
  at least hungary is n't sending mixed messages during this crisis . 
  hmm , the eu-parliament , unfortunately that 's not taken very seriously by a large majority of the dutch electorate ( turnout averages around 35 % as opposed to 77 % during national elections ) . 
  * side note : * our commissioner has by the way pretty much turned into a clown . 
  before he was offered the job of commissioner he was a fairly well respected minister of foreign affairs . 
  he said he 'd never go to brussels though as that would n't be his cup of tea . 
  of course literally no one was surprised when he did go to brussels . 
  now he seems to be one of the greatest advocates for brussels . 
  he certainly is n't the first dutch politician that acts one way in the hague , but another in brussels when the pedal hits the metal . 
   and the council which consists of all elected head of states in the eu . 
  in the netherlands we do n't directly elect our prime minister . 
  literally anyone could become prime minister if our parliament agrees . 
  so we have an indirectly chosen prime minister who then indirectly chooses a commissioner , we call it ` representative ' democracy , but it 's closer to a technocracy . 
  it may or may not function , but let 's call a spade a spade , commissioners have no electoral mandate . 
   but not enough to be the same amount as roi per capita . 
  which i guess is the point our irish friend was trying to make . 
  we did outlaw mein kampf though . 
  if you would be consistent , you 'd support banning religious books . 
  i personally think neither should be banned . 
  most of it , but nothing fundamental , hence my remark . 
  the niqab covers one 's face which makes it completely different from a burkini . 
  that 's not just some arbitrary measure , it 's perfectly reasonable to be against a burkini-ban , yet in favour of a burqa-ban . 
  if you 're referring to the weimarer republik , that was nowhere near a functioning democracy . 
  it failed because no one was actively enforcing the constitution in the first place . 
  by the way , it 's not just a majority , it nearly always takes at least a 2/3 majority . 
  the definitions of human dignity and human rights tend to change over time which is why it 's not a good idea nor democratic to completely anchor them . 
  you 're essentially held hostage by human rights courts , rather than the constitutional text itself . 
  it infringes on the right of self determination . 
  constitutions that ca n't be changed are ridiculous , sorry germany . 
  a constitution can be changed . 
  if politicians want to change the constitution or a treaty , they have the right to campaign in favour of that . 
   so i came up with a very controversial thought . 
  ( ... ) some of them dont accept how we live here in germany . 
  how is that a controversial thought ? 
  is there anyone that would deny that * some * of the refugees do n't accept a western lifestyle ? 
   a national socialist party hangs out posters , advertising to send non germans back to their country if they are criminals . 
  i did not want to be a nazi , they are bad , i learned all my life . 
  and they still are , this scared me . 
  i felt like a insanely cruel person . 
  wanting to strip people that have two different nationalities and repeatedly commit crimes in germany of their german nationality is not `` insanely cruel '' or being a nazi . 
  taking away their nationality and then sending them to a labour camp where they 're left to die is . 
   it is not okay to let 99 % of people that are fleeing from their death behind , just to let our modern world exist like it is . 
  the one percent might try to destroy our society , but after all , saving 99 % is way more important than our standard of living . 
  it actually makes perfect sense if that 1 % has so much influence that it can disrupt or even `` destroy '' a peaceful , modern society . 
   i did nothing to achieve this . 
  is n't it damn unfair that they have to be in a war zone , give up their lives , their families , their culture ... just because they were born in the wrong country ? 
  took him 16 years to find out that the world is indeed unfair . 
  hey usa , why do n't we * both * demand apple and other companies to pay a fair share of their profit in taxes ? 
  you want to rebuild hundreds/thousands of italian villages to make them earthquake proof ? 
  such a project would cost dozens if not hundreds of billions of euros . 
  would n't be too sure . 
  turks and moroccans . 
  after it leaves it will still have to adhere to eu rules if it wants access to the internal market . 
  most of them are unemployed , because they 're not willing to do the jobs eastern-europeans do . 
  the netherlands has the same problem . 
  they 've come up with all kinds of programmes , but most people preferred collecting benefits over picking fruit in greenhouses or were simply not fit for the job . 
  but the eu can also do whatever it wants , including banning the uk from the internal market . 
  we were so tired of all this sea wind , we turned part of the sea into land , we 're not disturbing coastal bird life , we invent it . 
  there 's no way the uk will get to cherry pick . 
  this will either have to be an eu-wide policy or non . 
  otherwise , the eu will disintegrate even further , because there 's lots of other countries who 'd want a similar deal . 
  are you sure you want to challenge a dutchman on fighting the elements ? 
  touching/arresting men is still part of the job , it 's a legitimate question . 
  the refugee crisis is by its very nature a humanitarian crisis , for which all kinds of policies can be discussed and disagreed upon . 
  students have to pay $ 10 a year , other adults $ 30 . 
  there 's fairly little that can be done to prevent this , it 's hard to protest nature , so there 's little room for discussion . 
   the hijab has nothing at all to do with this . 
  do you even know why people wear a hijab ? 
   can you run wearing a cap ? 
  yes , and i guess you could run wearing a hijab if it 's well tied . 
  obviously someone could reach for it , and you ca n't just throw it off if it slows you down or gets loose . 
   i suppose they would just do mixed patrols ( man + woman ) . 
  so the answer is no ? 
  what about solo patrols ? 
  but what if they have to arrest a male suspect ? 
  are they okay with conducting a body search ? 
  can you run wearing a hijab ? 
  it just seems very inconvenient . 
  where i live only children get membership for free . 
  yeah , it sounds pretty unfair and arbitrary . 
  just spend it on the cultural institutions themselves or perhaps make library membership free/cheaper for people under 25 . 
  it 's true though . 
  in the short run , your currency has depreciated , boosting export and local spending . 
  right now you 're profiting of still being in the eu , while having a cheap currency . 
  in the long run , it will mostly depend on what deal comes out of the negotiations , but without access to the internal market , not even a depreciated currency can help you . 
  what is your opinion about it ts ? 
  have n't found anything , and if you ca n't provide me with the information , i can only assume there have n't been mass demonstrations . 
  enlighten me . 
  yet they 're not committing crimes , terrorist attacks nor are they * en masse * claiming social benefits . 
  you also wo n't see them at mass demonstrations waving their national flags . 
   is there one who is n't a mere party hack who climbed up the ladder ? 
  not that i 'm aware of , that of course includes boris johnson , or are you really trying to say he 's some ordinary brit that beat his way up the social ladder :'), 
   we agree . 
  yet that 's not at all a reason to ban same-sex marriage or not allow gay people to have sexual intercourse . 
  it 's like saying people in wheelchairs can not travel unaccompanied because they 're disabled . 
  having a brain malfunction does n't make you a total idiot incapable of overthinking one 's decisions .
