  no , you have n't . 
  like [ this situation ] ( http://www.mondieviaggi.eu/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/tra-paesi-bassi-e-belgio.jpg ) in baarle-nassau ( nl ) / baarle-hertog ( be ) . 
  why is the left only concerned with people that touched european soil ? 
  you 'll never hear a judge say we are obliged to provide shelter to a war victim in lebanon , or provide food to someone in somalia . 
  to me , there is no difference between someone that it still in the region and someone that paid his way into europe . 
  for the perpetrators `` from all corners of europe '' it was only about `` the violence itself '' , gabriel writes . 
  they do not differ `` from neonazis and their arson attacks '' . 
  it had nothing to do with supposedly leftist motives . 
   it 's not the peaceful protesters threatening the property . 
  applying your logic , we might as well go with `` why does the g20 meeting have to happen in the city ? 
  ca n't they meet somewhere else ? '', 
  no , because both have the right to be there . 
  i am definitely in favour of holding summits in business areas in the countryside . 
  `` my logic '' is actually the way the law works right now . 
  if local governments fear disruption of public order , they can actually ban protests , regardless of peaceful elements being present as well . 
   so what 's the point of banning peaceful protesters ? 
  it gives authority a legal ground to intervene . 
  just like you ca n't allow people to burn down cars just because others are not . 
   because it might upset them you 're spinning what i said . 
  i did n't say it might upset people , i said it brings people 's property in serious danger of destruction . 
  most demos are in front of government buildings , open fields and squares for a reason , that 's where your audience is and that way you do n't disturb public order too much . 
   there are good reasons why protests are allowed as long as they remain peaceful and follow guidelines . 
  there are good reasons to ban a protest in a residential area if protesters are setting cars on fire , in that case the local government can not make a distinction between peaceful and violent protesters , but will simply ban protests in the entire area . 
  that 's how it works in the real world in which it 's not always clear who 's peacefully protesting and who 's not . 
   are you sure it 's not just the message these people are sending that you are having a problem with ? 
  i am sure . 
  `` perhaps i should n't protest in a residential area , because my right to protest does n't mean i have the right to disturb public order and other people 's personal freedoms by blocking off streets . 
  perhaps i should not protest here if i thereby not only disturb public order , but also increase the chance of property getting destroyed for no reason to 100 % while having alternative locations such as squares and parks available . '', 
  i 'm not talking about legality , i 'm talking about morals . 
   come to their home and burn their cars in front of them assuming they own anything , they 're most likely all on welfare . 
  they all help create this climate in which people can burn cars unpunished , they 're not off the hook imo . 
  * i walk a lonely road the only one that i have ever known do n't know where it goes but it 's home to me and i walk alone i walk this empty street on the boulevard of broken dreams where the city sleeps and i 'm the only one and i walk alone * * i walk alone i walk alone i walk alone i walk a. . . * * my shadow 's the only one that walks beside me my shallow heart 's the only thing that 's beating sometimes i wish someone out there will find me 'til then i walk alone *, 
   while americans complain about their white underclass too , call them redneck , white trash . 
  we call them ` tokkies ' and i 'm sure other european countries have words for them as well , but you would n't know because on average you do n't speak the local languages , you do n't watch dutch films , you do n't listen to swedish music and you do n't watch slovakian soap operas . 
  so feel free to analyse the us , but i do n't think you or the average world citizen knows much about the culture of individual european countries except for the uk . 
   apple simply does n't sell any spare parts on the free market . 
  then what do repair stores use to repair apple products , non official parts ? 
  i remember reading a story on samsung deliberately creating a shortage of new phone screens so people would not be able to repair their broken screen ( i.e. 
  they had to buy a new phone ) . 
  of course samsung denied it being deliberate and said they were simply having production problems , but i would n't be surprised if companies like apple and samsung have these kind of policies in which they create shortages so people have to buy new stuff . 
   ... to take advantage of the beneficial `` parent company -- subsidiary '' relationships offered in the netherlands : no tax is due on dividends and capital gains made from the sale of shares . 
  the rationale behind this is that the daughter company has already paid corporate taxes on the profit paid out in dividends . 
  imagine if there are 10 shackles between a parent and daughter company , it would mean that the same profit that goes from the daughter to the top-parent company would be taxed ten times . 
  i really do n't understand why people think it 's so weird to allow for it to only be taxed once . 
  regardless of politics there are millions of americans ( and russians ) that visit europe each year that do know how to behave in these places ( just like there are europeans that do n't ) and i do n't think this one politician is exemplary for those visitors . 
  this republican is only travelling because he 's a politician , his voters have probably never left louisiana let alone seen europe . 
  okay , but what i meant to say is that we ourselves determine what 's okay and what 's not . 
  but we 're not average when it comes to gay acceptance , even in western europe . 
  another republican dwelling on the suffering of millions of europeans . 
  i 'm sure the jews , gays , gypsies and others that suffered and died would feel at home in a party that glorifies killing machines , is against equal rights for homosexuals and denies people , including refugees of war , access to the united states because of their religion . 
  this poll is not about same-sex marriage , it 's about accepting homosexuality , which has been going on for much longer than the last 15 years . 
  is it okay to kill an ant or a fly ? 
  democratic isolationist party ... 
  they would make it punishable by law or treat it as a mental illness like most countries did in the past . 
  czech republic can into western europe , greece is out . 
  are we really interested though ? 
   if these were mercenaries \\ rebels then the individuals are either dead or so far away no one will ever find them . 
  that 's just an assumption . 
  i think it 's highly plausible that at least the russian government is aware of their whereabouts , but i also believe they wo n't extradite them and deny any involvement from russian citizens . 
  it was recently reported by independent russian journalists that an ex-serviceman was involved in moving the buk missile system ( which was already confirmed by bellingcat ) and he was found by dutch journalists to live on a russian military compound near rostov-on-don . 
  yeah , i rather not have them circulate names before they conclude their criminal investigation . 
   would be better to see who they 're planning to prosecute . 
  the perpetrators . 
  agree 100 % . 
  i agree , but you do n't become hostile the minute things get tough . 
  i wish some central and eastern european countries would do more to voice their opinions in eu meetings instead of thrash talk the eu behind brussels ' back for domestic political gain . 
  you mean if the eu stops paying . 
  i 'm sure we can find an uninhabited island where we could build a proper facility to house immigrants awaiting to be returned home . 
  in the netherlands there 's a saying : `` two faiths on one pillow , makes the devil sleep inbetween . '', 
  ( it rhymes in dutch . ), 
  clearly a marriage between a catholic and a protestant would not work out . 
  solution : become atheists , that 's what my parents did . 
  you just described politics . 
  of course they 're going to play it tough , they are negotiating a very important deal , it 's not a tea party . 
  she 's said that no deal is better than a bad deal multiple times , this should n't come as a surprise to anyone that knows a tiny bit about politics and negotiation tactics . 
  a change of heart or just ignorance about what the referendum was about . 
  no , but in germany it expressed the will of the people . 
  in the us , not per se . 
   i 'm working on fixing this problem , permenantly . 
  this sounds like a threat , you should seek help . 
  people like you ? 
  you have been following in the footsteps of numerous european countries , just not germany . 
  without the supreme court it would have taken decades to get gay marriage in all us states though . 
  germany made a conscious decision . 
  okay , but as an atheist i have nothing to do with christian faith so what do i care ? 
  spacious and dignified , but if it was n't for the christian cross between the two flags i would have thought it to be a communist party assembly . 
  how can one vividly debate in this setting ? 
  at least it 's bright . 
  some parliaments look like bunkers . 
  get over yourself . 
  do n't worry , in a few months you can start making fun of austria . 
  [ well ... uhm , yes , but maybe i guess ? 
  ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/warriordash/app/uploads/2015/05/screen-shot-2015-05-26-at-1.54.54-pm.png ), 
  the marriage bill passed the house of representatives by 109 votes to 33 ( 76.8 % ) on 12 september 2000 . 
  i guess that 's why merkel did n't see this as a problem , 
  ah , ` stootje ' in dutch , from `` aanstoten '' . 
   ** except voting ** and passport this is key though . 
  this problem will only end by stripping dual turkish-eu citizens of their eu citizenship . 
  born in turkey and later acquired german citizenship ? 
  okay , then it 's at least sort of acceptable .
