  so if a small percentage of a group , because that 's what it is , holds certain ideas , it is okay to mock/blame their entire race ? 
  is n't that the definition of racism ? 
  and no , it would not be perfectly fine if they were brown either , just like it 's not perfectly fine to target muslims because a ` high percentage ' is into jihad . 
  imagine what the outcry would be if it were a video about two black people living in a reservation and mating in a forest . 
  there 's definitely some double standards here : you can only mock white people like that . 
  i can see it when i look outside my window , 
  * ojee . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbjdzmjuduo ), 
  to me it 's kind of similar to a federal state in the us . 
  it 's definitely not a country in my eyes as it lacks sovereignty , but it 's more than just a province . 
  should n't you be in bed ? 
  it 's night time in australia . 
  it 's pretty common throughout the country although i 'm not sure if it 's actually legal or just tolerated . 
  i think the furthest place away from any settlement would be [ rottumerplaat ] ( http://defotograaf.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/jvh_40501.jpg ) and even there it 's only a few kilometers . 
  no , you will still be paying vat . 
  however , a lot of countries allow you to reclaim vat you paid abroad at the airport when you fly back home . 
  [ happy cycling , is safe cycling . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seon08d76oe ), 
  because they 're still part of the kingdom . 
  you would have to make up your mind , do you want to see a lot of different things in a very short time , or is it okay to see only one country in those 7 days ? 
  if you wo n't be renting a car , flying is your best option . 
  flying means staying in and around big cities . 
  i would recommend paris and rome . 
  you can see the highlights of these cities in three days each . 
  that way there wo n't be much if any relaxing though . 
  if you want your stay to be more relaxed , pick only one . 
  i would personally pick rome because i 'm into history , but that would be up to you . 
  i would definitely prefer one week in rome/paris over visiting multiple cities in italy/france in such a short time frame . 
  of course , when you stay in one place for a week , you could make a day trip to an interesting sight outside the city centre . 
  i live in south holland , which is the densest province of the netherlands . 
  it has a population of 3.6 million and a population density of 1,282 / km \u00b2 . 
  hence : most historic cities are very similar . 
  why visit amsterdam if you can visit the same place without tourists , 
  urban planning , the rotterdam way . 
  tourists do n't go there , because most just want to say they 've been to oxford or that they 've seen windsor castle . 
  part of the tourist experience for some is seeing famous places irl . 
  being able to mention to others you 've been somewhere , and sharing that experience with many different people . 
  as for ignored wonders , here 's a secret : dutch historic cities are very similar . 
  [ here 's an overview i made some time ago of dutch cities that are n't amsterdam . 
   had my first time driving on the wrong side of the road i 'm pretty sure it 's on the right side of the road . 
  check out [ ns international ] ( https://www.nsinternational.nl/en ) . 
  as mentioned , flying might be cheaper . 
  haha , i believe his name is hans zimmer which is german for ` room ' . 
  the only negative you could find will not be a negative for me as all movie theaters provide dutch subtitles , so i 'll have something to fall back on . 
  among the french cycling community that is . 
  i might reconsider then , thanks . 
  google can be trusted , there is a direct connection between delft and schiphol airport . 
  not that long ago the tour started in rotterdam where i live and some years later they passed rotterdam again . 
  i feel blessed !, 
  large parts of it were filmed in the netherlands actually . 
  however , i do n't intend on seeing it , i do n't really like battle movies . 
  ` etappes ' is the dutch variant . 
  yeah , bardet had a bad day , but unlike froome he had the audience rooting for him . 
  same in the netherlands , perhaps if belgians start winning stages again the tour 's appeal will return . 
  since your question seems honest and sincere , i 'll try to answer it to the best of my ability . 
  1 ) there are no such things as no go zones in the netherlands . 
  i have visited many different places around the country and i have never felt unsafe , neither in inner cities nor in suburban areas . 
  there is n't a single place in amsterdam , rotterdam , the hague or utrecht ( the four largest cities of our country ) i would n't dare walk into . 
  i have felt unsafe in certain parts of paris i must admit , but i have never experienced any violence or crime while staying there . 
  2 ) in my opinion , uncontrolled and unlimited migration has a negative influence on our economy and society . 
  if you seek to build up a functioning workforce , you need to at least check credentials and educational status . 
  if done properly immigration is definitely a positive thing , but bringing in uneducated and conservative immigrants is a total no go for me . 
  3 ) what most people that talk statistics on this subject forget , is that the 10 % is concentrated in very few places . 
  so when someone says migrants ` only make up 10 % of the population ' , they ignore the fact it is over 50 % in some of our neighbourhoods and cities . 
  bringing in 10,000 syrians may not be a problem , but it will be if you put them all in the same neighbourhood . 
  this level of segregation causes difficulties in integrating and assimilating people , problems we for instance see with our turkish community . 
  western europe is not doomed in any way , but objections to migration should n't be shoved away too easily . 
  [ these ] ( http://corporate.ret.nl/typo3temp/pics/191a54476a.jpg ) are the trams we have in rotterdam ( alstom citadis 302 ) . 
  i thought so as well tbh and i 'm not from amsterdam . 
  most of our inner cities were built before cars existed so car usage is discouraged , there are very few parking spots and parking is very expensive . 
  surprise , surprise ... very common . 
  our most densely populated municipality is the hague ( 6,344 / km2 ) . 
  our provinces are rather small though compared to sweden . 
  but that 's because norway is huge . 
  our most densely populated province ( south holland ) has 1282 / km2 . 
  well drenthe has a population density comparable to that of switzerland , slightly less actually . 
  it 's the least densely populated province . 
  it seems excessive to use a helicopter for weather and traffic reporting . 
  denmark , germany , czechia , poland and hungary all have different currencies . 
  for convenience i would stick with my credit card and get some cash from atms while you 're there . 
  the police has them , but news channels do n't . 
  i do n't see why they should . 
  i have no problem with people talking about their roots and family heritage , i have been exploring my own ancestry as well . 
  but i 'm not german because some of my ancestors were . 
  these things should be discussed in the right context if that makes sense . 
  police chases like that are pretty rare in the netherlands and news channels do n't possess helicopters . 
  therefore you will never see a live chase on tv , just the aftermath . 
  there are liberal turks that are critical of erdogan , drink alcohol , do not wear headscarves and are really nice to hang out with , they are totally integrated in dutch society while still maintaining links with turkey . 
  then there 's turks that are very conservative and have very little interaction with dutch society . 
  the ones that would drive to antwerp to elect erdogan into office in ankara , but will never be found in a dutch voting booth . 
  their dutch is often on an abysmal level , even after having lived here for decades , mainly because they only watch turkish satellite tv . 
  the latter group unfortunately seems to be very present , but there are also many turks that do not fit into these two broad , extreme categories and are somewhere in between . 
  there 's also klerelijer ( = cholera sufferer ) , tyfuswijf ( = typhoid bitch ) , pokkenjong ( = smallpox boy ) and teringwijf ( tuberculosis bitch ) . 
  as you can see , multiple combinations are possible . 
  yes , it 's not that easy to fire an employee in europe . 
  this is actually very relevant for this topic . 
  * godverdomme - * goddamnit * * tyfushond - * typhoid dog * * kankerlijer - * cancer sufferer * * klootzak - * ballsack *, 
  i think i am fairly good at distinguishing between british , american and australian accents , as well as irish , scottish , southern american and the like . 
  i know however there are many many different varieties , even within those broad groups . 
  i also notice the difference between german spoken near our border , and german spoken near the alps , but that 's about it when it comes to german .
