  it just makes people feel uncomfortable , perhaps women even more so than guys . 
  i do n't really see the problem in keeping it seperated if it makes people feel more comfortable . 
  we do n't need to be as strict as to say you can only visit the bathroom corresponding to the gender on your birth certificate , but there 's nothing inherently wrong with separated bathrooms and you go in where you feel most comfortable . 
   that 's nonsense trotted out by nazis who do n't know any better , stop parroting that shit . 
  perhaps nazis agree , just like they 'll agree the sky is blue . 
  does n't make anyone stating the obvious a nazi . 
  you 're delusional . 
  that comparison does n't make sense at all . 
  if it were n't for you , israel would have to actually listen to the international community and change its policies if it does n't want to face complete isolation . 
  just because israel is a jewish country , does n't mean saying something negative about it , is nazism . 
  just like saying something against obama is n't racism , although you 'd probably beg to differ . 
  criticize israel = neonazi just pathetic . 
   i think after about 8 months of living there and the daily `` why you deserved 9/11 '' i 'm not so sure . 
  i honestly do n't know anyone who thinks you deserved 9/11 , quite the contrary . 
   trump has n't even taken office and the us has been the only nation to put forth a serious effort in the peace process . 
  that wo n't change but i welcome someone else to step in . 
  you 're the ones keeping israel afloat , that 's why they only ( sometimes ) listen to you . 
  the one time the us actually does something good , like condemning illegal settlements , israel goes nuts . 
  as long as you keep covering for israel , it has zero incentive to actually acquire peace . 
   on the front page of this very sub are articles about your leaders blaming us for everything imaginable . 
  please , provide me with examples . 
   ~ ~ no ~ ~ yes , but your inaction sure helped facilitate both of those messes . 
  also you sold your neighbors out . 
  i honestly do n't care much about those messes , let putin deal with syria . 
  i ca n't imagine what would have become of syria if obama would have intervened and toppled assad . 
  crimea was russian , and wants to be part of russia , who am i to say they ca n't be . 
   you seemed to hate america and love russia , fighting sanctions , until they murdered several hundred of your countrymen and now you hate the us and russia . 
  we did n't and do n't hate the us and we have never been fond of russia , but we did have ` normal relationships ' with russia . 
   no , just not an enemy . 
  which is good for everyone . 
  agreed , but do n't pretend this is n't a 180 degree turn so at least give us time to adapt before saying things like russia is more in line with your interests than germany . 
  besides , if you think russia cares about the us you 're a fool . 
  all putin has done was out of self-interest . 
   i take it you do n't pay much attention to this or want to dumb it down . 
  obama and trump share the same pov on israel you want to say ? 
   yeah , and that is appease terrorists and blame the us for all your problems while doing nothing for the world . 
  we do n't blame the us , european citizens might , but our leaders have never done anything to indicate we blame you for anything . 
  we have done more for the world than the us when it comes to peace keeping . 
  if it was n't for europe the us would have probably already invaded ukraine and syria . 
  serbia : f * ck off , this belongs to me !, 
   we get no political , diplomatic or ecnomic benefit from being part of nato . 
  we do n't even get good will from the citizens of nato nations . 
  just to be clear , american interests apparently change all the time . 
  under obama you seemed to hate russia , and if trump would n't have won you still would have hated russia under clinton . 
  now russia all of a sudden seems to be your closest ally . 
  we will see what happens to iran . 
  hell , you ca n't even make up your mind about israel . 
  the eu at least has some consistency , so sometimes our interests align , sometimes they do n't , but it 's always because yours change , not because we change ours . 
  what 's up with luxembourg and spain ? 
  and why are we culturally closer to israel than germany ? 
  does n't make sense . 
   what happens in reality is that low-skilled immigrants ( usually asylum seekers ) simply never will find a job and have to be supported by the taxpayer . 
  that 's why we need better integration . 
  and what to do with all these low-skilled immigrants when in 30 years time their jobs are obsolete because of technological innovations ? 
  your flair made me shit my pants , now my man-skirt is all dirty . 
  so they should start when it 's too late , is that what you 're implying ? 
  i mean , they 're not blind , they know what 's happening in western europe , they do n't want to follow our example , which i can understand completely . 
  you can actually tune in * and out * you know . 
  you do n't see the connection between the rise of islamic terrorism in europe and the mass migration of muslims into europe ? 
  home grown terrorism has become just as much a problem as external terrorism . 
  we must stop bringing in those ticking time bombs . 
  we ai n't seen noting yet when it comes to terrorism , we 're not the middle east , but there 's no reason to believe we ca n't become the middle east when it comes to terrorism . 
  besides , there 's nothing inherently wrong with detention camps for migrants . 
  it 's what the entire world except europe does , every other nation on earth guards its borders , we 're the exception and therefore the easy target . 
  cultural change for the worse . 
  the west turning into a less progressive and prosperous place . 
  terrorist attacks are just another byproduct . 
   and enjoying my little bit of schadenfreude watching the anti-migrant folks panic . 
  not everyone is suicidal and apathetic though , some people genuinely care about the future of this continent . 
  this is so badly written , i do n't even know where to start . 
  we must be glad for schengen , because otherwise the polish driver would n't be in germany ? 
  that 's not even what schengen is about ... and merkel 's germany did not grant him asylum , but they did let him in , they did n't put him in detention and they did n't evict him . 
  oops , correct . 
  so if a tunisian tourist loses his passport abroad , he 's basically stuck there for the rest of his life . 
  does n't sound plausible now does it ? 
  it has n't . 
  `` stilzitten '' for instance means sitting without moving , not sitting without talking . 
  * stille nacht , heilige nacht * is both correct german and dutch , except for the capitalisations . 
  omg they speak dutch in switzerland !, 
  i guess this way they can decide when to convert the money , perhaps when exchange rates are better . 
  is it just me or is that extremely long , are you sure ? 
  does n't matter whether readers agree or not , it 's still crap . 
  merkel is not a beacon of sanity , just of ` do nothing and see what happens ' . 
   if your speech is stupid and generalising , you should be called out for it and reprimanded . 
  you should , but by counter argument , not by law . 
   ca n't really see why we 'd suddenly be allowing fascism in this case , only because the muslim-problem is happening all over europe instead of inside a single country . 
  why are you calling it a muslim-problem , are you a fascist ? 
  it implies the exact same , but just because he does n't use the word muslim it 's okay ? 
  can we please stop being such pussies about words ? 
   no , unlimited freedom of speech is a way for fascists to make excuses for the fact that their opinions have consequences . 
  limiting free speech has n't got consequences ? 
  do you see what 's happening all over europe in the past few years ? 
  so you ca n't be against segregation without inciting hatred ? 
  cool . 
  it does actually . 
  europe just has a limited version of freedom of speech . 
   i assume europe lives up to other standards . 
  yes , terrorism and high crime seems to be our standard now , but at least ai is contented . 
  o wait they 're not because they 'll never be , do n't listen to activists , they 're never satisfied . 
  there 's nothing money ca n't buy .
