  so you do n't really care when people walk around naked , even around playgrounds or schools ? 
  yeah , of course they ` accept ' it when that 's convenient for what they 're arguing . 
  very credible and all . 
  first response : do n't we already have those in the netherlands ? 
   the buses were previously tested on closed roads in the netherlands and in a small finnish town just north of helsinki . 
  but this trial -- with autonomous buses carrying riders along public urban streets -- is one of the first of its kind anywhere on the globe . 
  ah , so it 's the first time they 're allowed on public roads along other traffic . 
  interesting experiment . 
  actually , you do n't give a shit about the opinion of a large majority of people . 
  why should i feel uncomfortable and unsafe just because * they * like wearing it ? 
  i want to be able to see someone 's face when i 'm sitting next to them in the subway , is that really such a weird thing to demand ? 
  i would n't want someone wear a balaclava either . 
  what 's the difference between [ this ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2011/07/burqa2.jpeg ) and [ this ] ( http://www.nhmagazine.com/kkk_tommendelson.jpg ) ? 
  they 're both symbols of oppressive and backwards thinking . 
  sure , did i deny that ? 
  we ban nudity because it offends people , and frankly i do n't want to be confronted with dementors either . 
  also around playgrounds ? 
  wearing a burqa is a perfect example of isolating oneself from society and living in an islamic bubble . 
   you do n't harm anyone but yourself by wearing a silly outfit and so it should be your problem . 
  same question for you : are you okay with public nudity ? 
   i would prefer it if we did n't empower the government to tell people what they can or ca n't wear . 
  are you okay with public nudity ? 
  then let them * choose * to stay at home , just like they * choose * to wear a burqa . 
  i agree with most of what you are saying , but there 's also no denying that simply leaving the eu or completely dismantling the eu will not be without severe ( temporary ) damage to our economies . 
  furthermore it 's not easy to change something so fundamental overnight , it takes time and the consent of 27 ( +1 ish ) member states . 
  leaving schengen however is really not that big of a deal , let alone for a country that joined late 2008 and probably still has most of the infrastructure in place . 
  * thank you * for finally speaking out against people like me who happen to know the difference between eu-membership and being a part of the schengen agreement , the latter simply being not that big of a deal . 
  i doubt it would even make headlines here if switzerland were to leave . 
  leaving schengen / = / leaving the eu . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  totally embarrasses ? 
  let 's not exaggerate things , shall we ? 
  maybe italy could try to make it financially beneficial to have multiple children , instead of these campaigns . 
  then leave schengen , big deal . 
  you only recently joined . 
  because they would n't have been able to change their own deal all of a sudden ( under irish law ) , the ec is no party in that agreement and deals with eu law , not irish law . 
  the bush method ? 
  reduce taxes for rich people and rich companies so they can `` create jobs '' , not just stockpile loads of cash . 
  those 13bn ( + interest ) is more than you would have ever gotten from apple in 50 years . 
  good , if you think it 's socially acceptable to get away with a 0.005 % tax rate , you deserve this . 
   a magnitude 6.2 quake killed at least 250 people in central italy last week . 
  random . 
  clickbait : it 's the paralympic winter games . 
  who are these protesters ? 
  typical french strikers , i hope not ? 
  so there will be no visit . 
  by the way , get turkey out of nato please . 
  sigh ... https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4z8fhh/uk_economic_indicators_defy_brexit_fears/d6tycwx, 
  i am talking about pre-election-loss erdogan indeed . 
  you mean the group that the us all of a sudden will no longer support if it does n't retreat . 
  what the fuck , biden ? 
  partly random because there 's lots of civil casualties , which to me does n't say ` precision ' . 
  i can understand turkish sentiments after the attacks by kurdish terrorist groups , but i do n't think ( randomly ) attacking kurdish fighters is the way forward . 
  turkey needs a leader who 's willing to start negotiating with the kurds , and maybe even cooperate with them to fight isis . 
  the kurds have proven to be susceptible to peace talks and have a legitimate cause , isis does not . 
  it 's the only way to prevent the violence from escalating even further . 
  you 'd probably get the same in the netherlands , though it would give germany and france a higher percentage , india a much lower one ( as there 's no historical bond ) and i think poland would be around zero . 
  angela merkel did n't * have * to abandon the dublin agreement , she did n't * have * to say syrians would be granted asylum if they reach germany . 
  she did n't have to openly criticise hungary for building a fence , or macedonia for actually stopping the influx . 
  just like she does n't * have * to say other countries must accept muslims . 
  the entire union failed , but if merkel had n't been so ` i-want-a-nobel-prize ' - ish about this issue , tough measures to halt the influx could have been more quietly agreed upon without loss of face . 
  it depends . 
  we speak the same language , but we 're culturally very different . 
  the southern half of the netherlands , the part ` onder de rivieren ' ( below the rivers ) , might have more in common with flanders as both are ( or were ) catholic regions . 
  the deeper south you go , the more the accent starts to sound like flemish . 
  the majority of dutchmen however live elsewhere ( 13 vs. 4 million ) , so the northern dutch culture is dominant in the netherlands . 
   [ northern dutch ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/c/cf/northerndutch.png ) culture is marked by protestantism . 
  though today many do not adhere to protestantism anymore , or are only nominally part of a congregation , protestant - ( influenced ) values and custom are present . 
  generally , it can be said the northern dutch are more pragmatic , favor a direct approach , and display a less-exuberant lifestyle when compared to southerners . 
  ( ... ) northern dutch culture has been less influenced by french influence than the southern dutch culture area . 
  this perhaps explain why i did n't say flanders :  generally , the flemish will seldom identify themselves as being dutch and vice versa , especially on a national level . 
  this is partly caused by the popular stereotypes in the netherlands as well as flanders , which are mostly based on the `` cultural extremes '' of both northern and southern culture , including in religious identity . 
  though these stereotypes tend to ignore the transitional area formed by the southern provinces of the netherlands and most northern reaches of belgium , resulting in overgeneralizations . 
  this self-perceived split between flemings and dutch , despite the common language , may be compared to how austrians do not consider themselves to be germans , despite the similarities they share with southern germans such as bavarians . 
  in both cases , the catholic austrians and flemish do not see themselves as sharing the fundamentally protestant-based identities of their northern counterparts . 
  and apparently that means ` you did n't care before it hit your borders ' . 
  germany was n't . 
  neither did italy and greece , there borders just happened to be near the migrant funnel . 
  i think cyprus has more options than other eu-members , because they 're not part of schengen . 
  i assume they have more control over their visa policies . 
  foreign affairs and travel restrictions are often dealt with on a federal level . 
  i have n't heard of a federal country that has different travel policies for its different regions . 
  i think denmark is the closest you will get to dutch culture . 
  it 's a flat , seafaring nation where people are generally progressive yet mixed with a healthy dose of euro-scepticism . 
  and like us , they 're in love with cycling . 
  it will take some time to come to terms with their excessive taxing though . 
  why ? 
  maybe we could get a more brisk german chancellor . 
  merkels policies have pretty much been let 's do nothing and see what happens . 
  now this has worked for ukraine , but it 's been a total mess when it comes to the refugee crisis . 
  it would be best if we would trade fairly with countries in asia and africa and let them develop themselves . 
  development aid has failed africa in the last 50 years , and there 's no reason to assume it will help in the 50 years to come . 
  it just takes a different mentality , one you 'll find in east asia where countries are making their way to the top , even beating us . 
  simply dragging people around the world or europe is not going to solve anything . 
  we take in 1 million people from the middle east and africa , meanwhile they 've just produced another 3 million babies . 
  keep investing , encourage free trade and do n't interfere in foreign affairs that do not affect you and have no easy solutions . 
  i fully agree we should help countries like turkey , lebanon and jordan in housing refugees , but there 's no need for them to be brought to us , which is not only highly inefficient , but also a mere drop in the ocean . 
  oh please , you think the eu countries donating a tiny bit of money each year makes them ` give a fuck ' ? 
  it 's just buying off a sense of guilt . 
  if we 'd really ` give a fuck ' , we would stop enforcing border controls all together and let everybody walk right in .
