  they did n't even want to participate in a survey , let alone a war . 
   no , 70 % of the dutch want nato to fight their battles on the plains of ee . 
  did you read the survey question ? 
  the referendum had a turn-out of 32.2 % of which 61.1 % voted against the association agreement . 
  that 's less than 20 % of the electorate and on top of that mostly people that are against the eu in general . 
  many proponents decided to boycott the referendum to make it invalid ( < 30 % turn-out ) . 
   just bringing the possibility up would make germany and france shit themselves in horror . 
  it would most definitely not , these countries have never been in the eu and especially switzerland would suffer tremendously from bad relationships with the eu . 
  even if some countries were to form a new union , what will matter most is what the founding nations of the eu decide to do as they 're the most powerful and integrated . 
  most countries will most likely opt for access to these markets rather than total independence . 
  perhaps it 's the mh17-effect . 
  what a beautiful village . 
  proving the point that you do n't need quotas for european content to find its way to consumers . 
  perhaps a panic stampede , those are deadly , the brits know that [ all too well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hillsborough_disaster ) . 
  because other countries in the region wo n't allow it and libya does n't have a strong government . 
  we could easily grab a small portion of their land and defend it , probably in exchange for some money to local militias . 
  it was gaddafi bombing his own people that destabilized libya , it 's not like gaddafi would have ever won that civil war , it would have still been the shit show it is now , look at syria for instance . 
  in the us , every state gets two seats in the us senate regardless of the state 's population size . 
  yet understandable , if you 're a republican in california there 's really no use in voting , same if you 're a democrat in alaska . 
  you mean those travelers that are paying insanely high environmental taxes on plane tickets so mcdonald 's employees get to pay less income tax ? 
  let 's not exaggerate things , every measure usually has winners and losers , and in this case the winners were treated very unfairly by phone companies . 
  they basically took our flag , washed it one too many times and presented it as `` new '' . 
  we were already using [ red white blue ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/50/reinier_nooms_-_before_the_battle_of_the_downs_-_c.1639.jpg ) . 
  l'viv seems like a beautiful city , does it attract a lot of tourists ? 
   there is only one original red white and blue . 
  the ~ ~ french ~ ~ dutch one . 
  perhaps organising the eurovision song contest has helped as well , probably not that much , but maybe a tiny bit . 
  seems like you know very little about chechnya . 
  okay , so you want us to say nothing at all or go to war with russia ? 
  what 's your criticism really about ? 
  not sure whether i 'd call that a hard border . 
  so ireland will accept a hard border between ireland and the rest of the eu ? 
  quite obviously there 's a relationship between non-existent external border protection and a desire for internal border controls . 
  if the eu could finally agree on a common policy toward 0 influx through italy and malta , that would boost support for the eu throughout the entire bloc and take away the incentive for internal border controls . 
  to be honest , i do n't see how there could be a soft border if the uk will not be inside the eu or any organisation associated with the eu 's internal market . 
  good on you romania , you 'll get there eventually . 
  do n't forget to put emphasis on the [ ggggg ] ( https://translate.google.nl/#nl/en/portugal ) ... 
  the english and welsh he must have meant , although i personally do n't like it at all . 
  so much damage is being done to both the uk and the eu . 
  warning : flash player, 
  because otherwise countries like greece and cyprus would simply give each other 12 points all the time , o wait ... 
  i take shitty songs over having to wait four years . 
  you can add moldova/romania . 
  you are of european descent , but you 've become a south american or more specifically an argentinian . 
  still within the family , just no longer a close relative . 
  celine dion won the contest in 1988 [ on behalf of switzerland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8peyw8pcbas ) . 
  it was okay , it was nothing special , the staging and her dress were very old fashioned . 
  on top of that it was copied from david guetta ( regardless of whether it was legal ) . 
  other songs were indeed more fun/enjoyable so i do n't see why it 's a shitty contest , just because not everybody voted for a generic `` ok pop song '' . 
  5 points on average , greece has given cyprus 11.3 points on average in the last 10 years . 
  no , it 's not the same . 
  the national juries of these countries do not automatically give each other 12 points , something greece and cyprus have been doing for decades . 
  cyprus was as generic as any other pop song this year , it can not be attributed to taste . 
   i love eurovision , but i hate denigrating your competitors and proclaiming that you 're ` real ' and they are n't . 
  well , he was n't necessarily talking about his competitors , but he could have made it more subtle . 
   also , i thought his song was a load of boring shite . 
  me too , but his singing was on point and i did feel the emotion he and his sister put into this . 
  so for you the platform is more important than the actual music when it comes to judging quality ? 
   all eurovision songs are pure shit so superficial . 
   `` a victory for real music '' he said as he stood on the eurovision stage are you really that shallow that everything performed on a eurovision stage is bad ? 
  i do n't know anything about the man , but my condolences to the finnish people . 
   whining lol , people treat it as a joke , there is no whining with euro vision , people watch it get drunk and laugh at all the shit europe produces . 
  that 's pretty much what half the people watching it all over europe do . 
   oh and like the eu , we are the main contributor towards its running . 
  yet per capita you do n't pay more than others , slightly less actually . 
   its just a joke for shitty eastern bloc countries to vote each other in . 
  i guess that 's why sweden , denmark , germany , norway and austria are among the recent winners . 
  sure , i could pick a dozen songs that are very boring/bad , but i could just as easily pick some songs that are very catchy and have very good vocals . 
  just look at some of the recent winners of eurovision , plenty of nice , catchy songs . 
  most send the voice/x-factor candidates nowadays , i would hardly call that ` their best ' . 
  [ true ] ( https://youtu.be/ndi3rrnucc4?t=7m46s ) , but who cares , they sound beautiful . 
  agree , i would love to see eastern european cities compete . 
  i instantly fell in love with the song and lena when they showed a part of the clip in one of the semis . 
  i thought it could be a potential winner . 
  and there 's always the fans of ` real music ' that feel an incredible urge to distance themselves from eurovision , what else is new ... 
  did she sing at all ? 
  seemed like her backing vocals did most of that . 
  in that case frankfurt would make more sense , it 's rather an issue about employment and investment . 
  belgium already has most eu institutions , it 's only fair some other countries get to benefit as well . 
  but belgium really deserves that medicine agency ... 
  i could have simply picked russia . 
  correct , czech republic and slovenia were both relatively high , good for them . 
  the benelux alone almost covers the entire african continent , apart from egypt , south africa and nigeria . 
  source : [ imf estimates for 2016 , nominal gdp ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal \\ ) ) . 
   is fiddling around with a dick such that it feels or does n't feel pleasure in a certain manner sexual ? 
   is manipulating another 's sexual organs sexual ? 
   is fiddling around with a dick such that it does n't feel pleasure in a certain manner , ever , sexual ? 
  * top-left corner : driver 's licence is accepted , the address does not have to be authorised * top-right corner : residency in germany compulsory * bottom-left corner : place of residency influences period of validity * bottom-right corner : national and international driver 's licence are required countries not listed , are not accepted . 
  violating european human rights treaties is not okay , just because it 's done democratically . 
  they used to be one country in which czechia had the upper hand i guess . 
   but as for conventional military support or deterrence , they need to formally belong to an alliance of some sort . 
  we intervened in many places without un clearance or an existing treaty . 
  just because a country is not in nato/eu does n't mean we would do nothing militarily . 
  there would be overwhelming public support to protect cyprus against turkey . 
  a military alliance is just an extra form of assurance , it 's not the only one ... 
  we protect our allies because we are friends , not because they pay up . 
  there is no doubt we would stand with cyprus against a turkish invasion , whether they are in the eu or not . 
  that 's a very poor understanding of democracy . 
  we do n't know whether most people want juncker , verhofstadt and schulz . 
  in the netherlands , most people do n't even vote in eu elections , and the average european has never heard of them .
