   after a few new decades of media brainwashing you will soon be unable to criticize pedophiles and you will not be able to remove your children from them due to the same retarded arguments that made homosexuality , a mental illness , socially acceptable . 
  even if it 's an incurable mental illness , who cares ? 
  it 's not harming anyone , you 're not affected by any of this . 
  it 's just as socially acceptable as being blind or deaf . 
  there 's really nothing to it . 
   they 're already pushing for it , so do n't call me paranoid : http://www.salon.com/2015/09/21/im_a_pedophile_but_not_a_monster/ this man says `` i 'm attracted to children but unwilling to act on it '' , how 's that a bad thing ? 
  should he lie and say he 's not a paedophile so you can pretend different sexual orientations do n't exist ? 
  we should encourage the fact that he 's unwilling to act on it . 
  then you misinterpreted my post , because when i said ` why not ? ', 
  in my first response i did not mean ` why not have a common army ' , but ` why would n't nato help the czech if they were to be attacked by russia ' . 
  first of all , if a child gets ` molested ' he 's clearly not giving his consent so i do n't know what that argument is even about . 
  second of all , homosexuals have always been able to give their consent , that really was n't an argument back then , religion and local customs were . 
  children however will never be able to give consent as their brains are not capable of comprehending what that means . 
  homosexuals might have some sort of brain issue when it comes to sexuality , but not when it comes to giving consent . 
  i still ca n't believe they picked boris johnson to be the foreign minister . 
  i mean , i understand may wanted him out of the way , but really , foreign affairs ? 
  your representation on the world stage ? 
   on tuesday 23 august the conference will continue with working sessions at the reduta building in bratislava , the main topic being ` the rise of radicalisation in europe ' . 
  ms \u017dit\u0148ansk\u00e1 will chair the ministerial session . 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't help feeling this is a waste of money . 
  some well payed men in suits talking about ` radicalisation ' in bratislava . 
  just another jaunt for these politicians . 
  as if such talks have ever delivered any solutions . 
  i honestly do n't care whether a church accepts same-sex marriage or not , neither do i really care about the religious definition of marriage . 
  as far as i 'm concerned it 's something between two people and the government , not the church . 
  you realise this is all hypothetical and the czech republic is not really under attack ? 
  exactly , in 1987 , nobody would have thought that in 20 years time , the eu would have extended far beyond the iron curtain . 
  maybe both :p, 
  rewriting of history , really :') great , one of those is an actual , yet alternative news source ( vice ) . 
  now find me one article published in german mainstream media . 
  probably the uk , ireland or france but i rather stay put . 
  easy for you to say , how many conservative muslims live in the us ? 
  less than 0.5 % of the population ? 
  how often have you even encountered fully veiled women ? 
  the victim was an 8 year old dutchman living in the uk . 
  reddit / = / average european . 
  mostly people that love the idea of an eu state , which is fine , but not something mainstream media would report about . 
  it does seem to be important to british newspapers though . 
  if you search for ` eu medal table ' on google , you 'll only find british newspapers reporting on it as no other country gives a flying fuck about the eu medal table . 
  yeah , we rather have russia run over europe than fight them :'), 
  why not ? 
  it would n't be the first start of a world war in the czech republic . 
  we have two chambers , called the first and second chamber . 
  the second chamber consists of 150 directly elected politicians and is the main body for legislation as it holds the right to initiate proposals for legislation and adopt amendments . 
  legislation proposed by the government or mps must first pass this chamber . 
  if it has been approved by a majority , it is passed on to the first chamber ( or senate ) . 
  the first chamber consists of 75 ** indirectly ** elected ` wise ( wo ) men ' . 
  they are elected by the members of our 12 provincial parliaments . 
  the senate basically has no other option than to either approve or reject legislation . 
  it can not ask for an amendment and it can not come up with proposals for legislation by itself . 
  yes , these tables have no value . 
  that 's why the eu ( like the us ) is allowed to send multiple athletes to individual events . 
  i agree that it will of course have an effect , because of the one-day wonders . 
  however the eu would be well represented in a large variety of sports , simply because each bloc within europe ( due to cultural differences ) has another favourite sport , whereas the us is much more homogeneous in the types of sports it likes ( roughly basketball , baseball , american football and swimming ) . 
  indeed . 
  obviously , if the eu were to be one country , chances are it would only send a handful ( if any ) of the estonian ( 45 ) , austrian ( 71 ) , portuguese ( 92 ) , finnish ( 54 ) , latvian ( 34 ) , maltese ( 7 ) , cypriot ( 16 ) and luxembourgian ( 10 ) athletes . 
  there 's simply lots of athletes that are competing to be in the top 20 rather than the top 3 . 
  they 're only sent to make sure each country has at least some sort of representation at the olympics . 
  furthermore , the eu would only send one team for each team event instead of multiple . 
  this means less chances of getting a lot of medals , but higher chances of getting a gold medal . 
  it also significantly ( if not entirely ) reduces the difference in the amount of athletes sent . 
  in 2003 there 's been a ruling in the netherlands on a veil ban imposed by a school for adult education . 
  the court ruled in favour of the ban , saying it did not make an unfair distinction based on religion . 
  some important factors mentioned by the court were the fact that wearing a veil makes it more difficult for teachers to communicate with their students which obstructs the learning process . 
  it also makes it more difficult for the school to keep an eye on who 's entering the school premises . 
  lastly , it was making it harder for the student to find a job , and a school has a legal obligation to provide education that promotes an easy transition to the working field . 
  they have , but that 's just as ridiculous . 
   which is also the sport that gives the most medals that 's not true though . 
  skiing is the biggest event at the winter games . 
  the u.s. does n't get only one participant per event . 
  they 've had a clean sweep in the women 's 100m hurdles for instance . 
  we 're talking about hundreds , possibly up to a thousand people , that 's not that much overall . 
  certainly not an exodus . 
  yes , this really is distortion of competition . 
  i do n't really care about athletes winning multiple medals on multiple disciplines , but it 's something the medal table should adjust for . 
  could someone provide us with a translation or an english source maybe ? 
  not really . 
  in other news : hungary beat brazil . 
  frankly , i 'm not even sure whether it was legal here , but i guess ignorance is bliss . 
  all i 'm saying is that population size is an important factor , but yes it 's one of many . 
  investment in sports , general wealth , training opportunities are other factors that play a roll . 
  i 'm not so sure why brits would bring population size into this though , they would get outplayed by so many other countries , they would probably end up 15th , instead of first . 
  it would have still made sense in the same context , gosh , talking about reading comprehension . 
  i 've had a very similar experience with my grandmother a few years back , instead she was given morphine to pass out in the very end . 
  ever since i 've told myself i would want to die the same way . 
  i 'm glad i have this opportunity where i live and i can only hope you will too . 
  except for the fact that your comment would still make perfect sense if you had n't meant 2012 as you still beat russia this year and ` this year ' does not necessarily imply ` as opposed to ' . 
  population size is obviously not the only factor at play . 
  well the games are pretty much over , so it was n't * that * obvious you meant 2012 . 
  russia did not even compete in many sports including athletics , that 's not a fair comparison . 
  but that would totally disregard the size of one 's population . 
  555 competitors out of a pool of 314 million americans would not be the same as 555 competitors out of a pool of 65 million brits . 
  * what do i think will happen ? 
  * uk will get some sort of ` special ' deal that 's actually not that different from membership . 
  emergency units , this is n't really much of a problem if there 's a will to do it . 
  merkel and other eu-leaders allowing britain full access to the internal market , without migration will also spark anti-eu sentiments in the netherlands , finland , denmark and france . 
  there 's absolutely no way whatsoever , that the uk will get full access to the internal market , without at least some degree of free movement of people . 
  it will either be political suicide for may , or the total collapse of the eu as we know it . 
  and the uk has a lot more to lose than the eu by not finding a good trade deal . 
   as long as engilsh remains the world 's preeminent language , london will be the premier financial and economic centre of western europe not really , it all depends on the final deal between the uk and the eu , not so much on what language you speak .
