   what business do brussels and a minor danish party politician have in overriding their judgment and using chicanery to do so ? 
  perhaps the fact that ireland has access to the european internal market , which makes their tax profit , our loss . 
  yeah , i think europeans want to have a say in that . 
   that would make the eu a fully-fledged cartel of governments . 
  its price would rise without limit . 
  governments are by definition monopolies and cartels . 
  that 's their job , we do n't want governments competing over apple , we want them to cooperate to make sure apple ca n't evade taxes . 
  its price will rise without limit ? 
  does the author understand that if one source of government income rises , another tax can be reduced ? 
  it 's not like tax cuts for ordinary citizens are deemed unfavourable in european politics . 
   ( ... ) and extend tax competition too -- so that governments would compete freely against each other . 
  and the price of those governments would fall . 
  yeah , and so would our social security system and infrastructure . 
   today the same people are worried that a country that can set its own taxes , regulations , and trade preferences could end up as the cat that got all the cream . 
  and companies looking for investment opportunities in nations where the governments do n't re-write the tax laws overnight will see london in a much more favorable light . 
  a european union that sets certain tax standards for its own members , but provides other countries free access without having to observe those regulations would be a very dumb european union . 
  the party leader is elected by labour members , which are not average labour voters , but more fundamental ideologists . 
  the netherlands will have to close three coal power stations of which one only recently opened , which will cost us $ 7 billion euros and forces us to spend even more on investing in wind/solar energy and energy from abroad . 
  both the polish and dutch government have done very little in the past twenty years when it comes to sustainable energy sources . 
  we must bite the bullet , and let 's be frank , the eu will probably cover your costs anyway . 
  three islands ( bonaire , saba and st. eustatius ) are an integral part of the netherlands and three other islands ( aruba , cura\u00e7ao and st. maarten ) are ` independent ' countries within the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  the islands are not part of eu territory ( eu law does not apply , they do n't use the euro ) . 
  however , the inhabitants of all islands are dutch nationals and therefore have eu citizenship , which means they are eligible to vote in the european elections and are free to move and live in eu member states . 
  they 're not part of schengen and have their own visa policy , but eu citizens do not need a tourist visa . 
  dutch nationals can stay up to 6 months as tourists . 
  if they want to live ( and work ) on the islands they must show they can fend for themselves ( comparable to me moving to another eu-state on the continent ) . 
  non-dutch citizens can stay up to 3 months as tourists , but need a visa for permanent residency if they want to live/work there . 
   why we must throw out our only valuable natural resource ? 
  * why should we care about the planet , if this means giving up part of our economy . 
  screw future generations !, 
  that moment when the most western part of the netherlands lies further west than that of portugal . 
  that 's how you distinguish dreamers from realists . 
  but `` more than many '' do not want more illegal migration and do n't think it 's a european obligation to save people who put themselves into danger , let alone in african waters . 
  human right courts ... perhaps we should make a declaration of human obligations to address abuse of rights . 
  do you understand that by picking them up in african waters , you are inciting them to keep using boats to get to europe ? 
  the only option for those countries that need help is that other countries take in the migrants and help save people at sea . 
  there 's no room for the idea that we should enforce the external border and stop migration . 
  that 's why most countries wo n't help , they are very willing to help to stop migration , they 're not willing to encourage it . 
  the map is actually pointing to limburg . 
  in [ limburgish ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/limburgish_language ) , it 's mets . 
  i 'm more worried about the security of this airport if people can get near the aircraft by simply using a boat . 
  [ why do they want to go to the uk ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/the_british_empire_anachronous.png ), 
  why ? 
  the uk has exemptions on policies concerning asylum , immigration , visas and external border control , so literally nothing will change after brexit . 
  do n't blame the eu for non-western migration to the uk , that 's all on you . 
   ask any of the loss-of-culture ramblers anywhere in europe in how do they propose to realistically solve the issues with whatever problematic ethnic groups they already have in their country and enjoy the blank stare in return . 
  just because there 's no easy solution to the problem , does n't mean we should make the problem bigger . 
  til that the netherlands is a founding member of cern . 
  higher prices for some , yet lower prices for others . 
  if you want to create one internal market for mobile activity , you have to accept the fact that prices will converge . 
  in the end they might actually go down for all because of economies of scale and a higher level of competition . 
  you are so out of touch with reality ... 
  what country are you from if i may ask ? 
  clearly not one of the occupied ones . 
  iberia perhaps ? 
   how does it explain that a much higher percentage of the jewish population was killed ? 
  the netherlands were , like germany , very well organised in terms of civil registration , which also included religious conviction . 
  it was very easy for the germans to find out where jews lived . 
   these are all historical facts . 
  the fact that so many dutch even these days are so defensive about it and prefer to ignore them - as you show - is very troubling . 
  `` the [ 1941 february strike ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/february_strike ) was the first and only direct action undertaken against the anti-jewish measures of the nazis in occupied europe , and it was carried out and supported overwhelmingly by non-jews . '', 
  this has been a series about stereotypical british tourists in amsterdam and already existed before the brexit referendum . 
  50 % / = / majority, 
  remove your blinkers , it 's godwin after godwin with you . 
  use your brain mass instead of resorting to pathetic and insulting accusations . 
  i could n't possibly add something to irish book culture that you do n't already have . 
   you do n't try even know what \u00a7 130 is and you do n't care . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  there 's literally nothing that suggests i did n't look it up . 
   existing statistics that contradict your ` facts ' ? 
  of course the data was collected in a wrong way . 
  when i 'm interested in crime by non-native germans , figures that fixate on tourists , foreign exchange students and non-nationals only are not that interesting , is that so hard to understand ? 
  it would only be interesting if ( most ) new refugees will never acquire german citizenship and will leave within a short time frame , which is n't likely now is it ? 
  the problem is that you just ca n't comprehend someone would be interested in racial and cultural differences to substantiate certain policy decisions , without setting up concentration camps . 
  it might come as a total surprise to you , but no , not everyone critical of immigration is the new hitler . 
  so if i own a book store in dublin , i can make a deal to pay 0.005 % in taxes ? 
  why only 130 ? 
  too afraid of the results if more violent crimes would be included ? 
  people with both parents of german descend and those not . 
  it 's quite common in dutch stats . 
  i 'm sorry to burst your black/white , good/bad simplistic bubble . 
  no native germans to non-native germans , so we can have a fair discussion about migration , idiot . 
  uhm , lol ? 
  the netherlands is the 6th largest eu economy and will be 5th , when ( or should i say if ) the uk leaves . 
  the article excludes people with double passports and german nationals with parents born abroad . 
  white germans vs. non-white germans you see , that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  in a few years time , these migrants and their children will be german nationals and would be considered `` germans '' by the standard of that article , and so are current ( children of ) migrants . 
  no shit tourists and exchange students do n't commit much crime , that 's not relevant to what we 're discussing though . 
  sigh , again you 're bringing up the wrong stats , they 're not about non-natives , they 're about refugees . 
  the problems start with the second generation , which is why he said crime rates will rise `` in the future '' . 
  why are you so keen on fighting the facts ? 
  we all know non-natives are overrepresented in crime stats in many western countries , but people like you make it impossible to discuss that . 
  are you seriously arguing that they 're not ? 
  poor translation : seibert and all other coalition partners are now affably stating that it 's not a dissociation from the parliaments resolution . 
  this is political deception for amateurs . 
  seiberts statement of course is a dissociation , they just do n't want to call a spade a spade . 
   the afd requested official crime statistics in saxony-anhalt well your link is not showing general crime stats , only political crime stats , and i do n't think he meant increase in political crimes . 
   while most native people want nothing to do with this experiment at all , let alone be part of it then why do n't they democratically change that ? 
  sure , sounds credible .
