  [ no , i would n't recommend it . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bskbwr7wxn4?t=7s ), 
  do n't use quotation marks if you 're not quoting him . 
  i ca n't believe i have to defend geert wilders , but he 's not the monster you portray him to be . 
  he wants to revoke dutch citizenship of those with dual citizenship if they repeatedly commit violent crimes . 
  now that 's quite an asterisk . 
  were you that toddler that had to be taken off the ride after having shit his pants ? 
  an army must have one centralised leadership . 
  i reckon the eu would get some sort of eu security council in which heads of government decide on army issues , perhaps with france , italy and germany getting veto-power . 
  cool story , must have been the same experience for me if i would have gone to the alps at that age . 
  seeing all those mountains , while being used to flat landscapes . 
   it was really fun until we could no longer fit inside the houses :( you really should n't eat that much nutella . 
  they exist , but are not commonplace , they mostly serve burgers , spare ribs , that kind of stuff . 
  and then of course there 's burger king , kfc , mcdonald 's , etc. 
  just behave and show some respect toward the country you ( now ) live in . 
  learn the local language , learn about traditions and history , participate in national holidays or at least know what they 're about . 
  do n't just be a tourist . 
  be willing to mingle , do n't just stick to your own kind . 
  cool :d, 
  * geschwister * , we do n't have a dutch word for siblings . 
  this is actually czech right ? 
  52 % of the population is not just xenophobic or hateful . 
  there were lots of other ( good ) reasons the uk wanted to leave the eu , it was n't only because of migration . 
  * dik ( pronouced as dick ) = fat . 
  * kok ( pronounced as cock ) = cook . 
  * fok ( ken ) ( pronounced as fuck in british english ) = to breed ( ik fok paarden = i breed horses ) * hoor ( pronounced as whore ) = a word you 'd put at the end of a sentence in colloquial speech ( no direct translation exists ) , but it also means ` to hear ' , so `` u hoor ik niet '' ( = i ca n't hear you ) is a correct dutch phrase . 
  fortunately it does n't work like that . 
  it would be : `` ja , dat kunt u. '', 
  okay , now let me give you an example of [ another lake ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/lac+vert/@45.9500104,6.7521551,18z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x4789540ba9ec778d:0xdb9ec4a22409e055!8m2!3d45.9499316!4d6.7531206?shorturl=1 ) . 
  can you tell me how to get there using public transport ? 
  i can use a car to get to your lake , you ca n't use public transport to get to my lake . 
  public transport is fine for discovering certain more popular destinations , but your car covers far more destinations than public transport . 
  i did n't mean just any lake , i meant any lake you want . 
  i wan na see you get to any lake in the first place . 
  it 's rather safe , chances of getting caught in a terrorist plot are very , very small and not much bigger than in the us or canada . 
  no need to worry , just be aware of your surroundings , and do n't be an easy target for pickpockets . 
  do n't mind some calling you stupid here , they take offense easily . 
  that 's why you must never add france to a comparison , rather take germany . 
  because it 's supposed to be a broad representation of the regions and municipalities . 
  paris is not a good representation of an average french municipality , the french must have thought . 
  the austrians might have thought it would be a good idea to give vienna two seats , since there 's not many other regions/cities and vienna is very important for austria . 
  i do n't know haha , there 's more people living in my city , than your entire country :d, 
  interesting . 
  why is \u03c2 on the w and not just ctrl + alt + s as for the german \u00df ? 
  national governments propose regional and local representatives who are then to be approved by the council ( supposedly the interior ministers ? 
  i was wondering , do you guys have latin or greek keyboards ? 
  so basically everyone . 
  polish , romanian and german are the most common i 'd say , followed by spanish and other eastern european lorries . 
  as in a non-white citizen ? 
  i 've got pretty much nothing to add . 
  ah , preparing for the future , are n't ya ? 
  which is fine , but public transport just does n't give you as much freedom , which was my point . 
  i did n't say driving is more convenient or public transport sucks . 
  a car will get you there faster and most importantly , it will get you almost everywhere . 
  of course there 's other reasons why you could consider public transport , but it 's still inferior . 
  yeah , because public transport will get you into rural areas or natural parks . 
  most arab men are born here . 
  that 's why you must travel by car , gives you so much freedom to discover multiple destinations . 
  i have never in my life heard anyone say words like ` school , lachen ' or ` architect ' with a soft ` g ' - sound in the randstad . 
  perhaps in southern provinces like limburg and brabant , but in the randstad and further north , both sound the same . 
  not my language , but one time a friend from chile told me someone there could n't pronounce the spanish ` j' - sound as in ` junta ' or ` juan ' . 
  he was the laughing stock of their group of friends . 
  he was amazed that even we dutch could pronounce it , but the spanish ` j' is actually just our ` g/ch ' - sound . 
  in afrikaans ( daughter language of dutch ) the word for computer is ` rekenaar ' , which as well is a literal translation of computer ( to compute = te ( be ) rekenen ) . 
  in dutch we simply say computer . 
  i remember the first time i stumbled upon the word ` le week-end ' . 
   i 'd never heard of it so ... let 's keep it that way for the other swedes . 
  every country in europe has castles , some more impressive than others . 
  it 's called ` going dutch ' for a reason though . 
   and yes , people are irreligious . 
  how does this manifest in everyday life ? 
  the netherlands are also quite irreligious , and perhaps because of that we also tend to be very progressive when it comes to gay marriage , prostitution and alcohol/drugs . 
  what are the czech views on such topics and what do czechs do different from their ( religious ) neighbouring countries ? 
   we like when foreigners do n't automatically assume that we speak their language when they are in france , even if we do speak their language . 
  i have always assumed nobody abroad would speak my language and i have never been proven wrong :'), 
  this was the [ live news coverage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8piemwgicp4 ) of dutch media outlet rtl from that day . 
  even though it 's in dutch , you can sense the presenters are distraught . 
  at 14:35 they see the second tower collapse and at 14:55 they get confirmation from their reporter at the scene that both buildings have collapsed . 
  because of its impact on world politics/history . 
   sorry to brust your bubble , but that 's how it 's seen outside us . 
  i ca n't speak for poland , but that 's definitely not how it 's perceived in the netherlands . 
  9/11 is considered far more significant than any terrorist attack thereafter , even in europe . 
  not many remember the exact dates of the paris attacks , brussels bombings , london bombings or madrid bombings , but every adult has 9/11 impressed in his memory . 
   western countries remember it better mainly couse of americans rumbling about it each year mainly because it was extremely spectacular , unlike anything we had ever seen in terms of terrorism and it got live coverage on tv . 
  seeing two skyscrapers full of people collapse after planes flew into them is not the same as a bombing or a natural disaster . 
   we have context , you dont , that 's why it 's a big deal to you and not us . 
  ww1 was shocking , but then there was ww2 , so ww1 was no longer shocking . 
  what are you even trying to argue ? 
   as much as you do n't want to hear it , 9/11 is not a big deal . 
  perhaps not for you , it is for many other europeans . 
  please keep in mind that you 're simply expressing your * personal * opinion , you are not speaking on behalf of europe . 
  no , i think we 're too small for that . 
  / r/thenetherlands, 
  i do n't really understand , what passport states your place of residency ? 
  edit : i see some passports ( like the french ) actually do . 
  that 's pretty odd to my sense . 
  uhm , maybe 10 years ago . 
  nowadays rotterdam is booming . 
  * hey , how are you ? 
  * i 'm fine , you ?
