  oddly it 's the elderly that value the eu most . 
  perhaps they 're scared of getting accused of being biased again . 
  as if they 'd leave their sugar daddy . 
  every newspaper that uses the term fet\u00d6 in a serious manner , can not be taken seriously . 
  they 're spreading erdogan propaganda . 
  should they be banned ? 
  no , and they 're not . 
  should they be distributed by the parliament services ? 
  hell no . 
  would n't it be plain courtesy to do so ? 
  well you could argue what 's worse , the right using this as propaganda or the left telling us islamic terrorism is a fact of life that is somehow self-evident , and not a result of immigration because the perpetrator was ` home-bred ' . 
  it 's not a trade surplus , just a budget surplus . 
  [ rotterdam city hall today . 
  same for the netherlands , it 's linked to life expectancy figures . 
  look at italy , greece and portugal and do n't be so sensitive . 
  yes , the middle part is pronounced like the english word `` or '' . 
  spain is indeed an exception , but if you look at deficits you can see that italy , greece and portugal had deficits ( far ) above 3 % between 2000-2007 . 
  sure , does n't change the fact you are culturally closer to them than to for instance greeks or bosnians . 
  well if you twist his words like that , it 's obvious why people get upset . 
  other than that what he said was very general and not targeted at any person or country in particular . 
  honestly , are you trying to say that the germanic people of the netherlands do not have more in common with other germanic peoples than other european ethnological groups ? 
  that 's just the dutch and german political climate right now , no way that we will accept eurobonds . 
  he did n't say ` you ' , he said ` i ' . 
  true , but it 's completely different from saying southern european governments spent their money on hookers and booze . 
  that 's the frame your politicians are putting him in and presumably only because they want to push the spanish candidate into dijsselbloem 's position . 
   this is where the eurobonds kick in . 
  this crisis was caused by southern european countries being able to lend at rates that did n't resemble their risk profile after the euro was created . 
  eurobonds will only make that worse , then there will be zero incentive to have a healthy fiscal policy . 
  he was explaining that he 's in favour of solidarity , but that solidarity requires obligations . 
  some nationalistic politicians tried to pull an erdogan on his remarks by diverting attention away from real issues . 
  why are you trying to devaluate the term xenophobic ? 
  it 's people like you that eventually render the term meaningless . 
  so a language without a country : wallonia independent !, 
  then do n't visit this thread ... 
  the police units around parliament are heavily armed . 
  carry on doing what ? 
  the spanish finance minister spread this rumour because he 's after dijsselbloem 's position as eurogroup president , it 's clear as water . 
  it was a metaphor as dijsselbloem applied it to himself , not southerners . 
  if the financial times had n't horribly mistranslated the passage you could have seen it for yourself . 
  you 're really extremely ignorant if you honestly believe it 's dijsselbloem 's opinion that billions of euros were spent on prostitutes and booze . 
  no he 's not , he actually got a lot of votes compared to the party leader , his party is n't popular , but he is . 
  spanish people are not brown , and i was having a discussion with someone from catalonia , then you jumped in , did n't notice the change in username as i responded the next day . 
  flemish is just the umbrella term for southern dutch dialects , it 's perfectly understandable for dutch speakers in the netherlands . 
  some dialects are harder to understand , but the same is valid for dialects in the netherlands . 
  do you even know what discrimination is ? 
  making a distinction is not discrimination . 
  by the way , someone that picked ` jewcunt ' as his nickname should perhaps be more self aware when it comes to bigotry . 
   a country without a language , is a country without a soul . 
  ouch , that one went right under the belt , sorry you had to hear that belgians , perhaps we could make an arrangement , looking at you france , and the peoples of belgium will once again have a soul . 
  first of all , i think it was poorly translated as he explicitly said ` i ' not ` you ' , so he explicitly did n't generalize it but tried to give an example and applied it to himself . 
  secondly , it 's not like he really thinks governments have spent all their money on women and booze , like i said it was a metaphor for wasteful spending . 
  do n't worry , haha . 
  thanks for copying my response , 
  he 's well respected in the netherlands , his party is n't . 
  moreover , this rumour was spread by the spanish finance minister who sent it to spanish newspapers . 
  the spanish finance minister is after dijsselbloem 's position . 
  very cheap tactics . 
   idgaf of course you do n't , it 's not a coincidence that your finance minister spread this rumour in the first place . 
  he did n't say that southerners did that , he literally said : `` someone that makes an appeal to solidarity , also has obligations . 
  i could n't spend all my money on booze and money and then ask you to support me . '', 
  he just came up with a metaphor for wasteful spending and made it relatable . 
  an increase in corporate taxes results in lower dividend and income tax collections . 
  you ca n't tax companies , you 're simply taxing shareholders and employees . 
   it 's not . 
  rotterdam 's example ( even if wilders finally lost by 800 votes ) is a good one . 
  new pvv voters come from vvd and sp who both lost nationally and in rotterdam . 
  pvda is a central-left party and lost votes to other progressive and/or left-wing parties like d66 , groenlinks , denk and sp and also lost significantly because it 's voters did n't show up . 
  according to a poll , only 1.8 out of the 29 seats it lost , went to pvv . 
  since when does a group of governments form an ethnicity ? 
  i do n't want to go into semantics with you , saying it was ` one of the biggest winners ' is just as ridiculous . 
  vvd was the largest party in rotterdam . 
  you seem to know very little about dutch politics if you think the pvv profited most from pvda 's loss . 
   dijsselbloem is not new to these openly xenophobic and nationalstic speech your standard for xenophobic and nationalistic speech is just very low apparently . 
  corporate taxes are only a very small portion of a state 's total tax income , if a government is not raising enough taxes , it 's not because of the netherlands , luxembourg or any other tax haven for that matter . 
   no other trade bloc because the eu is not simply a trade bloc , the goal is to remove all trade barriers as if the eu were a country . 
  it goes far beyond being a bloc that has a trade agreement . 
  that would n't explain the ` and women ' part . 
   where the world 's ~ ~ happiest ~ ~ richest people live, 
  it 's slightly smaller than the dutch economy , that should tell you something ;d, 
   the economy is too big , there 's too many people . 
  it would n't work . 
  the economy is actually too small , that 's the main problem . 
  you do n't want to give turks a free pass to settle in europe as large groups might actually do that because of the economy , and unfortunately we are reminded every time how turks are not the best at integrating . 
  i agree , there 's no way turkey will be a member of the eu in the coming twenty-five years so we better just cut the crap and stop the negotiations or what 's left of them . 
  as far as i know islam is not running for office so the two are not comparable . 
  it should be obvious there should n't be any sort of political propaganda on the walls or in the voting booth . 
  why would that be insane , i could n't care less . 
  i am an atheist but would be totally fine with voting in a church , mosque or synagogue as long as i do n't have to abide by some religious rituals . 
   you ca n't just hold this promise of membership over someone 's head forever , especially when some of your own members are trying to leave . 
  they are leaving partially because they do n't want to be in a union with poor ( eastern ) european countries , let alone turkey . 
   so you need to literally be under a nazi regime before resistance against oppression can be considered ? 
  resistance ? 
  bombing civilians and police officers on the other side of the country is just terrorism and does nothing to help your case . 
  there 's very little that can justify that . 
   then where should the kurds demonstrate ? 
  turkey , that 's where this battle must be fought . 
   if not for these european demonstrations , their voice would be unheard . 
  their call will still not be answered as nothing will come out of these demonstrations except for more tensions among minorities here . 
  honestly , you could have initiated a federal state in the years after the war , support for european cooperation was overwhelming . 
  we can agree on that .
