  those are averages , it freezes very often during winter . 
  rare ? 
  berlin suburbs were full of it . 
  i know where i 'd find a little less traditional culture , but much more stunning architecture . 
  for the rest of my life ... , definitely canada . 
  close to the us and closer to europe than australia/nz . 
  rural sightseeing is for frequent travellers with more time , not for first time travellers to europe with only a week to spend . 
  a popular anti-immigration politician was murdered a few days before the elections in 2002 . 
  there 's a conspiracy theory started by an investigator/writer , that the security services knew about the murder plot but did n't intervene . 
  this was set in the early 00s when even questioning economic migration made you worse than hitler . 
  it 's not the same , we have those as well , but hagelslag is much thicker . 
  i 'm fairly positive that 's enough time , and if you miss your flight , it 's not the end of the world , you can arrange something with lufthansa . 
  if i 'm correct frankfurt is their main hub , so there should be plenty of staff there . 
  i have travelled from the us to the netherlands via another schengen-country , and i did not miss my connecting flight , which was about one hour later if i remember correctly . 
  there 's different lines for eu-citizens and non-eu/eea-citizens though , and when you are travelling from the us to europe , chances are there 's more americans on board than europeans , so you 'll be in the longer queue . 
  same happened to me when i went * to * jfk airport , we europeans were up for some queuing . 
  but i guess your flight agency knows the procedure and would n't set you up to miss your flight right ? 
  maybe it 's best to ask them . 
  i would n't go to turkey because of its aggressive foreign policy , especially when it comes to exploiting `` turkish '' people living in western-europe . 
  add to that erdogan acting like a little baby on every occasion , gosh , i just resent him and his government . 
  their rhetoric and arguing is what you expect from a 10 year old . 
  so , terrorism is not my biggest concern regarding turkey . 
  [ hagelslag ] ( https://www.hollandshop24.com/media/catalog/product/cache/4/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/1/9/192_1800x750.jpg ) and [ schuddebuikjes ] ( http://cmgtcontent.ahold.com.kpnis.nl/cmgtcontent/media//001163100/000/001163150_001_63407_708.jpg ) . 
  * so yes , i think it 's the same word order , but i 'm not certain . 
  define * fluently * though . 
  what about it ? 
  perhaps not the paradises in the west , but there 's most certainly a lot more eastern europeans in the west , than the other way around . 
  i do n't think a country you actually visited qualifies as an answer to the question which country you would never visit . 
  unless of course , this is the account of donald trump . 
  can confirm , ended up in monaco and now i 'm broke . 
  more recently i found them actually asking me if i knew the english word , when i got stuck . 
  this was an older gentleman . 
  this was so awkward in italy , i asked for cheese in a supermarket , and they looked at me as if i was asking them to take off their clothes . 
  i love driving the continent , so much better than flying in my opinion . 
  what ? 
  it 's easily accessible by car . 
  i love the dutch word order in your question !, 
  i do n't think there is a country i would never visit , but right now i would skip turkey and eastern-ukraine for political and safety reasons , but other than that , i would jump on a plane to any european country . 
  * ca n't stop laughing ... this is gold !, 
  continental netherlands ? 
  not so much . 
  caribbean netherlands ? 
  flamingos and lots of other cool and exotic animals . 
  i remember a funny french tv show that had puppets of politicians ( sarkozy and such ) , can any french person confirm ? 
  is that rather realistic opinion unpopular in germany ? 
  wash your mouth , du schweinhund !, 
   as far as i know many paedophilic tendencies are created in one 's young years , not before birth . 
  i have no idea , i do n't think there 's many scientific research on this topic for obvious reasons . 
  i 'm sure nobody would disagree on that , but what about paedophiles that do not act on their sexuality . 
  i think , but i do n't know if there 's scientific evidence for it , paedophiles are born with that sexuality , just like straight/gay/bi men and women . 
  i mean , who would deliberately choose to be sexually attracted to children , so in that sense , should it not be treated the same as hetero/homosexuality ? 
  as a sexual orientation instead of a decease or crime , and therefore , should n't there be more understanding and professional help for these people . 
  i know this is highly controversial , but where could a paedophile that wants help actually find help without being marked for death ? 
  again , i think it 's important to make very clear , that under no circumstances it is okay to harm a child , that 's not what i 'm discussing here . 
  i 'm referring to the fact that most people do n't make that distinction between someone that is sexually attracted to a child and someone acting on that attraction . 
  they 're all perverts and have no rights , would be the mainstream opinion in lots of places , so i was wondering whether danes really think differently about that . 
  even in the liberal netherlands , paedophilia is a taboo , in the sense that there 's no help or sympathy for people struggling with this sexuality , even if they have never touched a child . 
  if someone would publically state he has this struggle , he 's basically digging his own grave . 
  also when it comes to pedophiles ? 
  yes , this was my initial thought as well , visit a small ( family-run ) bed-and-breakfast in the countryside and you will find more opportunities to actually have open conversations . 
  or visit a small wineyard or museum and get a private tour , tell them you 're learning french and want to practice . 
  most people learn how to swim when they are young , it even used to be part of the school curriculum . 
  and it 's very important , because water is literally everywhere in the netherlands . 
  they 're welcome . 
   `` are you having a good day '' is that really a very personal question ? 
  beautiful and historic ? 
  pretty much every european capital , but a truly historic and beautiful place is rome/the vatican . 
  do n't worry , we recently raised the legal drinking age in the netherlands to 18 , so belgium will follow suit as they always copy our laws . 
  better to just park you car in one of the surrounding villages for free and take the train . 
  so do i , but you know what could help even more ? 
  threatening to send the migrants from nauru to the eu . 
  it has never been free though , we pay approximately $ 2000 a year . 
  what kind of uproar ? 
  `` why do n't we have that here ? '', 
  or `` why are they allowed to go to the netherlands ? '', 
  the closest i have ever been to groningen , were the drenth dolmens and the frisian lakes , but i guess the city of groningen looks a lot like other dutch cities . 
  no , i have never been to groningen or the caribbean islands . 
  i think he means territories that are still part of your country , but are no longer considered colonies , but just ` equal ' territories . 
  this is shocking to me , i thought it was quite common in europe , at least in northern and western europe . 
  no , never , all they do is just check ( and scan ) your passport , they have never asked me anything about my visit . 
  we have multiple muslim parties in city councils , it does n't feel right , but i would n't ban it . 
  or demand hotels to be built in a way that fits the atmosphere of the adjacent buildings . 
  i do n't want to discourage you , but if you 're only coming here to study , do n't bother learning any dutch apart from the basics like ` how are you ' and ` thank you ' . 
  you 'll get by using only english and most people here will automatically switch to english when they hear your struggling with dutch . 
  the juice is not worth the squeeze . 
  if you 'll be here for a longer period of time though , and enjoy learning another language , you should give it a go of course . 
  so , europ\u00e8 ? 
  stick to the format please !, 
  language : dutch ( / german gibberish ) moon : europa continent : brussel, 
  * now the earth was formless and empty , darkness was over the surface of the deep , and the spirit of gerhardsen was hovering over norway . 
  * * and gerhardsen said , `` let there be fjords , '' and there were fjords . 
  * * gerhardsen saw that the fjords were good , and he separated the fjords from the sandy shores . 
  * * then gerhardsen said , `` let us make norwegians in our image , in our likeness , so that they may rule over the fish in the sea and the birds in the sky , over the livestock and all the wild animals , and over all the creatures that move along the ground . 
  '' * the creation of norway has always been a subject of interest to me . 
  especially since you 're a muslim-looking tourist , there 's little danger for you to go into these suburbs . 
  i would personally not go there , not because something would necessarily happen to me , but just because i do n't like the atmosphere . 
  not a single doubt in my mind that lyon is a great place to visit , i 've been to so many french cities and places , and i have never felt unsafe , just uneasy in some suburbs . 
  i walked around a paris suburb from my airbnb with a suitcase being the only white person on the street , and nothing happened . 
  of course tourists are targets , but if you stay away from riots , protests and beggars , there 's nothing to worry about apart from the usual tourist scams . 
  konrad adenauer comes to mind though .
