   at least 5,022 refugees drowned in the mediterranean in 2016 . 
  the eu calls its policy `` border security , '' but in truth it is a war that we are conducting against those people desperately trying to reach europe . 
  and that 's what , like 0.01 % of those that attempted to cross ? 
  but sure , it 's warfare , better remove all those war vessels picking up people . 
   in the early 1990s , germany alone took in hundreds of thousands of people from former yugoslavia , warsaw pact states and the post-soviet states . 
  that did not make germany worse ; it made it better . 
  and i would argue that taking in millions of conservative turks made germany worse , but let 's be selective in our examples . 
  fighting the sea is one of our hobbies : [ 1 ] ( https://www.deingenieur.nl/uploads/media/57f3d3aaa03c5/oosterscheldekering.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.q-files.com/images/pages/images/1739/p19gms1vihq6hte91bpj185uv25i.jpg ), 
  as a dutchman , i have to say ... how cute . 
  why should the eu play nice if that hurts its own interests ? 
  why not , as an eu citizen you more or less enjoy the same rights as a british citizen . 
  if you apply for british citizenship you might have to give up your old nationality and perhaps she did n't find it worth the hassle . 
  no he should n't have . 
  that would have caused far more deaths and devastation in europe than 50 years of soviet occupation would have ever done . 
  imagine the americans dropping atomic bombs on moscow and saint petersburg . 
  poland 's post wwii-history has n't really been great under de facto soviet occupation . 
  fortunately english grammar is easier compared to german and dutch for instance , but it 's still different . 
  there 's different rules for word order and ( ad ) verbs for example . 
  french grammar is not much more difficult than english grammar , at least that 's my perception . 
  sometimes it 's easier to adapt to a new system , than to stay in your own with tons of exceptions on grammar rules . 
  also , french vocabulary is literally the same as some english vocabulary . 
  if one reads ` different ' a french speaker will immediately recognise it , whereas germanic words with the same root can still differ a lot among the different germanic languages . 
  dutch might be the closest language , but it 's in no way comparable to the similarities between spanish/italian or norwegian/danish for instance . 
  i would actually argue that speaking french is a greater advantage if you want to learn english than speaking dutch . 
  perhaps it 's the fact that 's it 's just you and your body . 
  your personal perception need not be universal and is therefore of little importance . 
  it 's about the integrity of the body , especially of those that ca n't speak for themselves , do n't mess with it unless medically required . 
  being part of a minority you best understand the impact of having a hostile majority , that 's why they vote against mass immigration . 
   2010 , pvv was completely silent when the media reported widely on the refusal of a bishop and priests in den bosch to give communion to a gay prince carnaval . 
  despite anyone and everyone talking about it and condemning it . 
  that 's not a state affair , it 's not up to politicians to decide what the church is allowed to do unless a law is breached . 
  if so a judge can restore the man 's rights . 
  expressing outrage without doing anything to alter the situation is pretty cheap . 
  the pvv is not a gay rights organisation , it does n't have to respond to everything that involves gays . 
   completely silent when a lesbian couple was beaten up by two frisian girls . 
  again , why would one have to speak up every time something like this happens ? 
  very few parties do so . 
  they in no way condone this , which is what matters . 
   paul belien , sometimes referred to as wilder 's righthand man ; is an outspoken homophobe . 
  look up some of the things he 's said about homosexuality . 
  if wilders and the pvv genuinely cared about gay rights , they would not employ in so high a position someone who openly calls gay marriage a perversion , and who does n't think gay couples should be allowed to adopt . 
  this is indeed very strange , but the pvv has also stated it does n't share the views of mr. belien . 
  in the end though , it 's the actions that matter . 
  the pvv has not been acting in accordance with mr. belien 's views . 
   the pvv voted against requiring schools to properly inform students about homosexuality ( which would be a tremendously helpful thing in promoting acceptance ) . 
  [ no , it did not . 
  ] ( https://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/detail?id=2011z13793&amp;did=2011d33936 ), 
  what times ? 
  i think iceland 's interests are best served outside of the european union , or at least outside of the eurozone . 
  devaluating their currency has been a big driver behind their economic revival . 
  if israel is so susceptible to germany , then why is it ignoring all pledges to stop building illegal settlements ? 
  they only care for you if you praise them , be critical and you 're an antisemite . 
  you think israel cares about germany ? 
  they only care about themselves and american protection , and germany cares about historic guilt . 
  and how many of them are redundant ? 
  it 's not an assesment on which country has the easiest accessible health care for poor people , that 's just one of many criteria . 
  i am not defending this think tank in particular , but disputing the results based on a few personal experiences is quite ridiculous . 
  no you can not compare them . 
  you ca n't base an assessment on some anecdotal experiences . 
  you have n't seen the entire system , you do n't know what 's covered , why it 's expensive for instance . 
  you have no oversight . 
  i clearly have more trust in research and facts than personal experiences . 
  to say that waiting times are much worse than in other countries is bullshit . 
  perhaps in a specific niche but definitely not in general . 
  tell me why it took them years to even consider this . 
  this should have been done from day one , this is in no way some sort of new insight . 
   because i feel that we should n't try to claim others achievements for ourselves ( both on personal and national level ) . 
  all the while we are claiming the achievements of ( some of ) our ancestors . 
  yet europe was n't the most powerful allied force in asia , that would be the us . 
  i do n't think the us considers itself to be european . 
  indeed , only really in the southern tip of africa . 
  sounds worse though . 
  malaysia is actually pretty good , large country with big population and modern city skylines . 
  if we had done better , we would have ended up with africa ... 
  harder is not a synonym for difficult . 
  so you need an accomplice , stop denying it makes it harder . 
  stealing a car leaves traces , buying an anonymous train ticket does not . 
  shitstorm in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  i 'm fairly sure that was a dutch actor , that 's pretty much the accent of a typical dutch speaker . 
  they have been working on this for years now , very little has actually been achieved . 
  just last month there was a deal with mali , but the next week the president of mali denied there was a deal . 
  [ no , no , just the dutch coins . 
  ] ( http://img.tweede-hands.net/pics/00/11/55/19/37/1c.jpg?672d396df4 ), 
  nice video , though it seems kind of scripted . 
  i still have the introduction package with original euro coins our government gave every dutch household 15 years ago , back when the coins still shone . 
  no , there must pretty much be zero representation . 
  after all , a consulate can offer consular protection . 
  but he was already behind the killing of the russian ambassador , right ? 
  this is so extremely sad and disturbing , my thoughts are with everyone in turkey . 
  they always have to pick soft targets because in the end they remain the greatest cowards on earth . 
  but this only applies if your own country does n't have an embassy present if i remember correctly . 
  nobody speaks belgian , because that 's not a language . 
  they did n't import a language , we happened to draw a border through a language community . 
  jealous much . 
  and what problems is this going to solve , did the european people ask for this , or only some lobby groups ? 
  honestly , content creators should actually pay sites like facebook , twitter and google for spreading their content . 
  same for me , although i do n't feel particularly uncomfortable . 
  i really do n't care whether others identify as straight , i let them be . 
   we 're no longer separated by sexual attraction so i see no reason to keep the tradition . 
  but 95 % per cent of the time we are .
