  what 's the difference with the eu flag ? 
  essentially dismantling the olympics , taking away the joy of seeing your country do well . 
  true . 
  could have been 2 % without the austerity measures . 
  not saying that would have been better , just pointing out your comment makes little sense . 
  you only think it 's absurd because you do n't feel part of the german family , hence the question . 
  smart thinking . 
  then why limit yourself to the eu ? 
  do you honestly think people become alien by you crossing an ocean ? 
   but yeah , the baltic should expect more help from russia than from germany or france . 
  if russia has more helicopters nearby , most likely yes . 
  and as if that 's a bad thing , do you hate every country outside of the eu ? 
   i 've no idea why do we have such an union . 
  it 's useless . 
  not at all overreacting though . 
   i 'm complaining that an non eu country helped more than eu countries . 
  again , morocco is geographically closer than most eu nations . 
  if they 're already within the area and on the job there 's no need for other countries to get involved , unless their resources are insufficient . 
  which we are doing , apparently spain and italy have offered help , but if morocco has resources available that can do the job there 's no need to fly helicopters over from the other side of europe ` just because they 're european ' . 
  it 's not about where you can stay , it 's about extinguishing the fire and if so getting help from countries nearby will be more useful than waiting for relatives to fly over . 
  you 're getting help from italy , spain and morocco , but now you 're complaining that you did n't get help from estonia or what 's the deal ? 
  even if your house is on fire ? 
  i would expect to get the help that 's available no matter the source . 
  i think you 're overreacting . 
  if there 's a wildfire in maine , usa . 
  what province do you think would be more appropriate to expect help from : qu\u00e9bec ( can ) or california ( usa ) ? 
  i do n't know but maybe it 's because morocco is a whole lot closer to portugal than let 's say sweden . 
  argentina would also help chile and spain would also help morocco , helping other countries is not something only eu countries do you know . 
  why do you hate yourself ? 
   this is inaccurate and just plain wrong . 
  juncker was elected by a convention of the pan-european european people 's party ( epp ) in a convention of national mps , meps , delegates and leaders from its constituent centre-right parties as their candidate for the post of commission president . 
  he then partipated in a series of debates with the candidates from other groups , who laid out their approach to how they would tackle europe 's problems . 
  the epp subsequently won the most seats in the 2014 eu elections , which under the new spitzenkandidaten process meant that the european council had to give their candidate the first chance of being elected by a majority in the european parliament to the post of commission president . 
  juncker achieved this . 
  it 's naive to think the average european voter knew that a vote for their local christian-affiliate would be a vote for juncker . 
  it would be even more naive to think even a tiny but significant part of the european public had watched those debates . 
  they were n't broadcast in the netherlands , that 's for sure , you had to either watch euronews ( who does that ? ), 
  or an internet stream ( not likely the average voter would do that , let alone that they 'd be able to understand the debaters in a foreign language ) . 
  eu-elections are much more focused on ( meps from ) national parties and debates among them . 
  those who did catch a glimpse of the eu-wide debate must have certainly gotten confused when it turned out those debaters were n't even on their ballot paper . 
  the meps thrive on the fact that there 's low voter turnout and little media coverage of ( parliamentary ) debates . 
  they feel untouchable , which makes them a prey for lobbyists . 
  this is also why your comparison with the uk does n't do well since the average british voter is well aware of the fact that a vote for the conservatives is a vote for cameron and the average voter is actively engaged in british politics compared to eu-politics . 
  should we blame the eu for that ? 
  should we take this into account when making statements on the democratic legitimacy of ep decisions ? 
  i think so . 
   this is true , but importantly , in the context of comparing the uk to the eu , entirely misleading . 
  obviously i 'm not an expert on british politics . 
  in the netherlands it 's become law that parliament can dismiss individual ministers . 
  then again , if a british minister refuses to yield , there 'd be public outrage causing him/her to give in . 
  i doubt anyone would get off their chair when the commissioner of humanitarian aid and crisis management does a lousy job . 
   cameron 's renegotiation had very little to do with enhancing the eu for other member states , and everything to do with halting the advance of eurosceptics in his own party . 
  yet there 's a reason members of his party were ( turning ) eurosceptic . 
  immigration , remittances of money , democratic deficits were all things the british ( and broader european ) public deeply cared about . 
  things that we as a union should be able to work out , but it seemed as if even the threat of a brexit was not enough to get our top politicians to care . 
  as if it 's only the brits that feel this way , not large groups in nl , fr , fi , dk and some other ( financially ) important member states . 
  they do a lot of downplaying , telling us that 's it 's only some populist sentiments . 
  i 'm not a populist , i do n't just go with what sounds nice and i do n't think it 's a good idea to simply dismantle the eu , but they make it very hard for me to believe they care about necessary changes . 
  it does n't give me much hope if people like juncker have to deliver these reforms . 
  i wo n't deny lots of people did not vote rationally , but i think it 's too easy to just blame them for this brexit . 
  uneducated/low-income brits were also the ones that disproportionally suffered from the cons of migration and liberalized labour markets . 
   and truly knows the scale of the problems that are about to face the uk it 's in the eu 's own interest to get a good trade deal with the uk , but i am sorry your country has to be a test case . 
  punishing the brits for leaving would say a lot more about the eu than about leave-voters though . 
  i like to think i 'm not part of a union that goes full authoritarian style when dealing with sovereign decisions of ( at least more ) true democracies . 
   if your opinion is so rare you really do n't know what 's happening in europe right now do you ? 
  i guess brexit was also considered to be a rare opinion , ukip had only one seat in the house of commons and the large majority of representatives was against it . 
  nonsense , is this your way of coping with criticism on the eu , simply trying to condescend those who have any ? 
  where did i state this to be the eu 's fault ? 
  i rather vote vvd , if only they would put their money where their mouth is . 
  oh it is oppression , not the bad kind though , but it 's clear we will never have a say in this matter . 
  in 2009 there was no dutch party in favour of leaving the eu . 
  in 2014 there was one . 
  but tell me , what party can i vote for if i do not want to leave the eu , but want to thoroughly change the way it functions ? 
  it might be a great idea on paper , but it does n't work out that well in practice . 
  the european parliament has no legislative power , all proposals have to come from the commission which has no democratic legitimacy whatsoever . 
  the commissioners can not be dismissed by the parliament , unless it decides to dismiss the entire commission , which makes it pretty much impossible to take action against one faulty commissioner . 
  furthermore we are only allowed to vote on national parties in the european elections . 
  i can not vote on a british or french politician , yet those politicians have chances of becoming the president of the commission . 
  take mr. juncker . 
  only the people of tiny ( europhile ) luxembourg were able to vote for him . 
  he became president though he was disliked by so many people . 
  the uk actually thought it was unacceptable at first . 
  you must know juncker was known to be a drinker and pro-federalist . 
  ideas that were definitely not shared by the european people . 
  then there 's the fact that there 's only one truly eurosceptical party in the netherlands ( pvv ) that wants to actually leave the eu , not reform it . 
  another major party ( the biggest at the moment , vvd ) has vowed to reduce eu-regulations and pretends to be eurosceptic to win votes . 
  it made people vote for them , but this party is represented by meps that are actually in favour of broader european integration and it is part of the fraction lead by mr. verhofstadt ( the biggest pro-federalist of all ) . 
  this brings me to the last issue : the leader of every major fraction in the eu-parliament ( christians , labour , liberals , greens ) is pro-federalisation . 
  they do not at all represent the people , there 's simply no alternative to vote for , as i tried to show through the example of the vvd . 
  you can either vote pro-further-federalisation or anti-eu , there 's no in between . 
  the uk has tried to negotiate a deal with the eu . 
  a deal that would actually be good for every member state , but they got so little from the institutions and other heads of state . 
  this shows how extremely difficult it is to reform the eu . 
  some thought the brexit would actually trigger a thorough proposal to reform the eu , but what did merkel do ? 
  she 's proposed further integration ` now that the reluctant brits are out ' . 
  as if those eurosceptic sentiments are a british thing only , it 's so delusional of her and frankly self-destructive for the eu . 
  well then you 're in for a disturbing surprise : police do this all the time . 
  it 's what makes their work doable . 
  why not ? 
  there 's a difference between law on the books and law in action .
