  even though some of them might have accepted the redistribution of a very small amount of refugees , no way they would commit to large scale redistribution schemes . 
  are you even reading what i am saying ? 
  i feel like you are misunderstanding my question . 
  i am not wondering why the czech republic does n't accept migrants , my question is rather why czech politicians do n't take their anti-immigrant stances to the european stage and try to do something about mena migration on an eu level . 
  i am not asking why poland is n't taking migrants , my question is why they are n't actively trying to stop migration to the union in the first place . 
  i do n't think v4 + baltics lack diplomatic power within the eu . 
  they do n't have to negotiate themselves , they could ask the european commission to do so . 
  perhaps because they care about the union or the continent as a whole . 
  that does n't answer my question though . 
  if that had really been the biggest issue , we would n't have nato . 
   but i 'm super nervous about talking to real french people do n't be , there 's nothing to be nervous about . 
  most french people know a fair bit of english and they 'll gladly help you speak french by translating if you struggle . 
  if someone does n't , so be it , you do n't have to be friends with everyone . 
  just keep trying and kindly ask them to speak slowly . 
   apparently the finally was viewed by ** 3.8 million ** viewers this year which was a record since 2013 that 's insane , do more people watch melodifestivalen than eurovision ? 
  apart from eurovision and international football matches ( or sports in general ) , the tv broadcast with the highest ratings is * boer zoekt vrouw * , the dutch version of farmer wants a wife . 
  in 2015 , 4.6 million people tuned in to see the farmers go on a city trip with the women they chose . 
   take a flight to another city in europe for a long weekend ? 
  20 minute trainride and you 'll disembark literally inside the airport . 
  which on top of that is the third largest in europe . 
  $ 64.70 , it lasts 10 years . 
  [ the lion ] ( http://www.swaen.com/os/lgimg/16446.jpg ) is associated with the netherlands . 
  there 's lions in our provincial/city flags as well . 
  $ 10 fines ? 
  are you in paradise ? 
  a few years back you could simply ignore fines from other european countries or they would n't even reach you . 
  nowadays our government exchanges information with other eu countries . 
  if i get fined in france , the fine gets sent to my home address . 
  you directly pay to the french government ( bank transfer ) . 
  if you decide not to pay , the french government can signal the dutch authorities and they will collect the payment . 
  how do spaniards and people from portugal communicate when in spain ? 
  are your two languages mutually intelligible or do you try to speak english ? 
  portugal to me seems exotic , as i understand it 's unusually poor for a western european country . 
  i do n't really like your language ( yes , says the dutchman ) , but luckily you seem to have a good comprehension of english ( unlike many of your spanish neighbours ) . 
  i feel like your country evolves around lisbon and perhaps porto to a lesser degree , as i ca n't name any other important place in portugal ( except holiday hotspots ) . 
  you do n't like to be likened to spain , but secretly you adore spain . 
  i would n't call southerners lazy , rather a bit more loose or relaxed , which in turn might result into less efficiency . 
  please note these are my personal convictions perhaps based on misconceptions and prejudice . 
  i have never been to portugal , but i would love to visit someday in the future . 
  [ ruslana - wild dances ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10xr67nqcac ) is really one of my favourites , but i also really liked [ lena - taken by a stranger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqzprvpwlce ) . 
  guilty pleasures are [ this entry by serbia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cwvxkxjcs8 ) and greece 's [ shake it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aszwdutexls ) . 
  i agree , i think the first three are all pretty common in colloquial speech . 
   for the netherlands , i really do not like how complaining is a national hobby . 
  the metro can be like 2 minutes late and i guarantee you everybody will complain . 
  but i have an appointment at 10h48 !, 
  i do n't think russia is our enemy , but they are unpredictable and putin would do anything if it 's in the interest of his country , but not that of the rest of the world . 
  you ca n't be allies with russia , they do n't respect you , they only respect themselves . 
  yet climate change has much more impact in the long run . 
  which one , i agree that perhaps invading a peaceful country has limited global impact , but still . 
  sean spicer would find a way to defend it . 
  the us is an important ally , unless trump does something completely unacceptable ( like invade a peaceful country , use a nuke or eradicate the paris agreement ) , you wo n't see much of a tough stance from europe . 
  well , quite a lot since unilever is half dutch . 
   manchester sucks hihi . 
  if the age of consent were 5 , would marrying a five year old be no problem ? 
  this is not a good argument . 
  i think most young people have heard of her . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwlsyhzwyca ) is even more famous i think . 
   as i mentioned in my post it was a general `` you '' and not a `` you '' referring to op . 
  if you were not referring to op , you should n't quote bits of op 's comment to make your point . 
  even just referring to americans in general like that is not particularly nice . 
  it is perfectly fine for someone to say ` well , in america 's defense ' , that 's not an attack on you . 
  if even this overly apologetic american ca n't do it right , what american can ? 
  perhaps it 's a cultural difference , perhaps it 's a linguistic barrier , i do n't know . 
  i would simply advise you to assume good faith , and that 's what i will do as well , because i do n't think you are arrogant , it can just come across that way . 
  if only you were having a civil debate . 
   and then you get unhappy and have to go `` in america 's defense '' . 
  we do n't need you to do this . 
  we know more about the us than you think . 
  this was just rude and did in no way relate to his/her comment as he/she did not display dissatisfaction with your comment , quite the opposite . 
   it kind of is . 
  `` the system '' did n't descend from heaven . 
  it was created by americans and it can be changed by americans . 
  there is literally no one else to blame for their system . 
  you see how hard it is to make reforms in the european union , it 's even harder to reform the constitution of the united states using the current system without starting a revolution . 
  you come across as pretty arrogant . 
  it 's not a competition , and it 's not black or white either . 
  that 's too simplistic . 
  many trump voters shared the same concerns many brexit voters held : uncontrolled migration , globalisation and distrust in mainstream politicians . 
  and if really 50 % of american voters condoned sexual assault , women would be hiding inside their homes fully veiled . 
  i ca n't speak for all non-english speaking nations in europe , but english literature is definitely part of the curriculum for pretty much every high school student . 
  so is dutch literature and so are french and german literature for students that follow german and french . 
  we do n't study any russian literature though , and to be honest i do n't think i could name a famous russian novel . 
  allow me to add to kill a mockingbird ( english ) and oscar et la dame rose ( french ) . 
  perhaps [ viva hollandia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98xk73majt0 ) , [ bloed , zweet en tranen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uel8tomhgbm ) or [ zij gelooft in mij ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vac9opfaeyq ) . 
  i ca n't pick one song , but it 's probably within this genre . 
  most people can sing along with these songs . 
  edit : i can pick one song after all , it 's [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwlsyhzwyca ) for sure . 
  if they 're not willing to commit ? 
  yes . 
  but it 's probably worth it , if you really want it . 
   devil 's advocate : exercising freedom of movement rights in another member state for years or a decade ( s ) or more is not commitment ? 
  then getting citizenship should be very easy . 
   what if you are , say , austrian and you will have to lose your citizenship of birth to naturalize in another member state ? 
  many member states do n't permit dual citizenship . 
  then you will be like the majority of people with single citizenship . 
  why would you need that citizenship if you 're going to commit to your new home country , especially within the eu ? 
  you see , citizenship should not just become something you apply for out of convenience . 
  i do n't think much will happen , it 's not like they did n't see this coming . 
  le pen had been doing poorly in the polls for months on end . 
  no , national elections should only be for citizens .
