  perhaps , is that relevant , it 's a good policy . 
  okay , but it 's still not scary . 
  why ? 
  that , in my eyes , is a very reasonable attitude toward dual citizenship . 
  we do n't want special citizens , and being a dual eu-citizen does n't give you any extra rights as single passport holders also have eu-citizenship . 
  * sgp-voters, 
  that 's brexit kicking in ... 
  that 's not true , sometimes it reaches / r/all . 
  i actually think the eu would love for ( an independent ) scotland to join the eu , no questions asked . 
  those funds invest in europe because it 's profitable , limiting investment possibilities hits them as well . 
  do n't be so reasonable , it 's because of populism/xenophobia/etc . 
  2/3 in favour is still massive . 
  not in its current form . 
  your question however is very difficult to answer as it 's almost incomprehensible to imagine what the world would have looked like , had wwii not taken place . 
  if on the other hand you want to know whether wwii contributed to the formation of the eu i would argue it did . 
  the momentum was even there to become a federation . 
   if you come up with some sort of model which works for you , we might end up considering it . 
  except norway does n't have the same kind of leverage the uk does so i would n't expect to get a similar deal . 
  three days of national mourning . 
  good for you , other countries said yes , should we stop recognising slovenian marriages ? 
  poland will not leave the hand that feeds it , and if they do , jokes on them . 
  a union with rich progressive nations , that would indeed be very unfortunate ... 
  and the uk leaving is no big deal right ? 
  it 's only 15 % of the eu 's economy ... 
   germany 's suspension was not to stop migrant flows but to allow more migrants from syria to be processed in germany !, 
  the complete opposite of what you 're implying !, 
  do you not fact check what you say ? 
  it was an illustration of a country not following the agreements it signed . 
   the uk received 38,878 asylum applications ( including dependents ) . 
  this was less than germany ( 431,000 ) , sweden ( 163,000 ) , and hungary ( 163,000 ) . 
  just 45 per cent of cases were granted asylum and allowed to stay once their cases had been fully concluded . 
   so yes it is , at this point , natural law sigh , it 's not . 
  you make it seem like an impossible venture , but it took germany a few weeks of mass migration to suspend the dublin convention . 
  nothing is impossible , if the eu decides enough is enough there is no external force that will impose these agreements on us . 
   do you really believe we can stop this now , when countries are not even at war with each other ? 
  do you think we should give up all effort and just abandon our borders ? 
  the true lie is your false dilemma . 
  just because it 's not 100 % effective , does n't mean we should n't try make it 90 % effective . 
  well , it 's objectively measurable . 
  first of all , there is no such thing as the un convention on human rights , there 's merely a declaration which is non-binding as it 's merely a declaration adopted by the general assembly . 
  what you 're talking about is a protocol of the convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  countries can furthermore freely denounce it . 
  besides , a characteristic of a natural law is that you can not deviate from it , international law on the other hand gets breached constantly . 
  not of the brexit brigade , but probably the minds of swing voters . 
   these agreements are here to stay . 
  agreements are not natural laws , they can ( and should ) be adopted to changing circumstances . 
  a time . 
  terrorism has never been a valid reason to be granted refugee status . 
   in istanbul alone over 1000 people died in 2016 as a result of terrorism . 
  source ? 
  tens of thousands i guess . 
  the thing is , you can settle in the uk once you acquire european citizenship . 
   but on your first point are you actually saying that 1/4 of the world 's population are extremists you know there was a time that  99 % of the earth 's population thought the world was flat ? 
  numbers do n't mean much . 
  i am not saying that every muslim takes it to the extreme , but being a moderate muslim among fundamentalists is like being a law-obedient citizen during nazi occupation . 
  you need people that actively speak out against the fundamentally wrong elements within islam , not people that silently agree with the reasoning behind it . 
  ask yourself , would you , as an atheist , want to live in an islam-dominant society where your rights are protected by law , but you 're a total outcast and socially excluded for being an atheist or being gay ? 
  how many openly gay muslims are there ? 
  do you know why ? 
   that the belligerents do n't just get to the syrian border and stop fighting ? 
  they do actually , but sure , i might be wrong , please inform me about the war in lebanon , jordan and turkey . 
   your islamophobia aside islamophobia is a very accurate description although it 's too narrow as i am not really fond of any extreme religion gaining momentum in europe . 
   the ongoing war *** in syria *** exactly , not lebanon or turkey . 
   the largest humanitarian crisis since wwii and you think we should have been tougher against families fleeing death and war ? 
  is that not an inhuman response ? 
  most are fleeing poverty and a lack of opportunities in refugee camps , not death or war . 
   in support of refugees , consider germany 's experience . 
  in the wake of wwii , with germany in ruin , the country was in serious need of hard working people to come and rebuild . 
  west germany was lucky because there was a flood of people from eastern europe who came to germany at that time to flee the ussr . 
  these people helped rebuild the country from the rubble . 
  in this day and age however , we are about to see the biggest destruction of jobs since the great depression because of automation and technological innovations . 
  we do n't need millions of low-skilled immigrants , many of whom end up on welfare . 
  besides , we can still have migration , but based on what we need and want , not on what gets imposed on us by external factors . 
   we in our privilege have seemingly forgotten that large swathes of europeans were in the not too distance past refugees too , but today we are like cowards overly concerned with a meaningless bogeyman in the form of terrorism . 
  yeah , i am not afraid of terrorism although that 's another bad side-effect . 
  i am certain that conservative islam is not compatible with european values , and i am 100 % certain that simply displacing arabs , will not turn them liberal . 
  it 's about numbers , we can only integrate a certain amount of immigrants , that limit has been reached in western europe . 
  if only the european union would have been a bit tougher on external migration , that would have helped a lot in letting britain stay in the eu . 
  the referendum was held amidst the biggest migration crisis after wwii . 
  we did not handle it the right way from the start which is what scared a lot of europeans . 
  the policy ( advocated by merkel and the likes ) of distributing refugees without imposing limits on migration was a very weak response that made things worse and destabilized the eu and european cohesion . 
  the costs of living tend to be lower in post-communist countries though . 
  we do n't have to be european citizens before national citizens , as long as we accept and embrace the fact that we are also european citizens . 
  you do n't have to play the european anthem , you do n't have to wave the european flag , just acknowledging the european union is enough . 
  the system is flawed and needs to be improved , but we should seek to improve the european union , not get rid of it . 
  if things in the netherlands or france go wrong , nobody would say ` let 's abolish the central government ' ( except for brittany ... ) , people would say ` let 's change it ' . 
  it 's not realistic to think that we can obtain the same level of prosperity without the common single market , and that market needs its own laws and court system to function . 
   you can apply those conditions to greece hahaha . 
  tell me more about the huge propaganda effort underway in greece , or how the versailles treaty compares to the austerity measures in exchange for cheap loans . 
  or japan , a very close ally only being recognised as ` friendly ' . 
  let it dawn on you , the same status as zimbabwe . 
  a great war between our lands in inevitable . 
   while looking for a job in tn what 's tn ? 
  edit : nvm , the netherlands , we normally use nl . 
   but you ca n't say the louvre is the most beautiful museum in the world i did n't . 
  very well done by this brave soldier . 
  the louvre is one of the most beautiful museums in europe , do n't let this idiot keep you from visiting !, 
  [ also enjoyable if you 'd spoken dutch . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxij_dmpuei ), 
  i actually enjoyed it because of the accurate self-mockery .
