  we barely even learn about it at school, 
  just because you lose a vote does n't mean you are not heard, 
  except with the uk ofc . 
  i tell you as far as good fortune go , the uk really lucked out with trump as president . 
  aslong as he does n't start ww3 , it should be good for us . 
  interesting, 
  that he speaks english already, 
  and so the race to the bottom begins . 
  lets hope the uk/eu are mature enough to not let these corporations win and come to a sensible arrangement . 
  to wto levels probally , but i dont think the eu is any position to crash another countries economy . 
  why is n't this guy banned ? 
  think we should just accept that the predictions for the brexit vote were wrong and it had no impact on the economy and it is still strong . 
  we will now have to see what happens once the uk leaves, 
  the markets have clearly priced in a hard brexit , as seen by the drop in october, 
  so an ignorant view then, 
  so this is like one guys racist opinions i guess, 
  i thought something had gone wrong, 
  does the prevalence of abortions have any relevance to this ? 
  they are all as nationalist as the people they sneer at . 
  just happens that their dream is of an eu state and not a nation state . 
  before the referendum a lot of them were wanting us to leave, 
  uk unemployment is low and low skilled jobs are available , it also speaks english ... 
  would probably need you to budget on free movement in that case aswell . 
  maybe uk could help you out . 
  how about we nuke when you ask for it in return for financial passporting ? 
  stop trying to rush intergration . 
  i guess when you get called a traitor by nearly every other scot on reddit you become a bit tetchy . 
  move to england now aswell ? 
  lovely . 
  nationalism at its finest . 
  if i was sturgeon i would just wait for that economic meltdown the uk is supposed to have when we leave the eu and then go for independence . 
  that right i forgot i ca n't be scottish if i 'm pro uk . 
  no your just anti-uk and being pro-eu helps your agenda . 
  i mean the majority of you were willing to risk leaving the eu if it got you independence two years ago, 
  independence is less likely . 
  i 'll never understand the pro-eu anti-uk scots . 
  yay, 
  it 's time we become a global country again, 
  indeed , we 'll just watch on the sidelines as the eu goes from crisis to crisis , as you have done for years . 
  yet unemployment fell 16,000 ? 
  and the solution is ... more integration woo, 
  she was nice to us regarding brexit though , so thats a plus, 
  what is n't, 
  well he was talking about economical context, 
  i think it just came too soon . 
  the eu needed to be more centralized/united before it was introduced . 
  that is skewed by mortgages vs rent though, 
  sometimes one thinks surely there are better uses of our time, 
  we knew trump would win so we wanted to make him happy, 
  yeah do n't bother reading the express, 
  because its not been bad for like 30 years, 
  she 's popular because of scottish nationalism not because her policies are any good , or left wing for that matter, 
  who buy the balls ? 
  scotland has been in the uk for 300 years , anything built has been built together . 
  it 's more in our interest to stay in the uk than the eu . 
  if anything brexit has made a worse case economically for scotland leaving the uk , as scotland trades 4x more with the uk than the eu and any tarrifs would ruin the economy . 
  cos they didnt vote brexit probally, 
  this will get many downvotes, 
  uk has good earlier year education its the later years that struggle some, 
  sure it is ... 
  i starting doubt that all these memo 's are getting leaked, 
  honestly did n't realize the uk had such a large italian community, 
  well said , those with the idea that britain is a racist country in a global context really needs to travel more . 
  300,000 immigrants a year is ridiculous and unmanageable, 
  im saying on an eu level it is changed and therefore affects all member states not that the uk gets a different deal, 
  but they were willing to give cameron concessions early this year . 
  i firmly believe if the eu offered theresa may renegotiation + , aka an improved offer than they were offered earlier this year , the eu could keep the uk inside the eu . 
  its a tough pill for europe though . 
  in regards to non-eu immigrations , i already thinks its disgusting and racist how the eu treats non eu citizens but thats a debate for another time . 
  yet the canadian trade minister said that the eu ` was not capable ' of negotiating trade deals . 
  eu could easily negotiate a deal that would please eu federalists , but one that would cause as little disruption , conflict and economic challenges between two allies ? 
  im not so confident . 
  guess we will find out what britain will renegotiate , or what the eu negotiates between itself, 
  i do n't envision a scenario where britain ignores free movement . 
  i think the likely outcome is the freedom of movement is changed . 
  uncontrolled migration was n't just a problem in the uk . 
  it has caused issues all over europe . 
  most likely . 
  yet what if the eu changed how migrants benefits worked ? 
  or emergency breaks on immigration ? 
  you know things that would appeal to the british people ? 
  britain would n't be getting a better deal than the rest of the eu they 'd get the same deal . 
  the eu may not die due to the uk 's departure , but its constant inability to change will be its downfall, 
  interesting that you have such faith in the competence in the eu . 
  it does n't have a very good record in regard to handling crises . 
  i will be more concerned with hard eu rhetoric after the french elections, 
  gon na be interesting to see how a pro-brexit president affects eu/uk negotiations, 
  i wonder how having such a pro-brexit us president will affect eu/uk negotiations, 
  well our economy is doing well unlike the other nations that were less business friendly . 
  why is gibraltar interesting ? 
  it 's not going to vote to join spain nor is spain gon na invade it, 
  brexit means brexit is too calm the brexiteers that brexit is going to happening , has nothing to do with her plan . 
  i think a lot of this hardcore talk will subside after the french elections . 
  lamplon just a troll ignore him . 
  tldr i was paying 60 pounds pre brexit for a meal for two, 
  after visiting i really do n't understand how so many people afford to visit, 
  so the uk does have value then, 
  then how did achieve all its rebates/special deals in the past ? 
  would n't the eu of told it too fuck off if it had nothing to offer ? 
  makes me wonder why the eu are even bothering to say they 'll negotiate an exit deal .
