starting to think selfishly , trumps election might have been fortunate in some ways for the uk . 
  interesting to see the eu elite panic when a pro brexit president is about to enter the white house . 
  gon na comment because i am happy, 
  he 's a us president that was pro-brexit . 
  we kinda have to suck up to him a little, 
  ofc and remember you are the one that is closed minded ... 
  train to where paris ? 
  there 's about 0.001 % chance brits dont get on arrival visa from the eu at worst . 
  why would they kill the spanish tourism industry ? 
  oh even more hyperbole , brits ca n't get visas anymore . 
  voted for what a 10 % rise in food prices ? 
  who 's dying of starvation in the uk ? 
  there is higher food bank usage in france , germany than the uk, 
  people are n't gon na put money into the pound when there is so much uncertainty . 
  38 % voted brexit , only 45 % voted independance nearly 4/10ths of people in scotland voted out of the eu yet people here think they are big lovers of the eu ? 
  seems to me hes trying to win a french election, 
  i visited from the uk earlier this year . 
  amazing country but by god is it expensive, 
  can you link to where the norweigen pm announced that shed veto it please ? 
  cheaper housing ? 
  this will only be fixed by independence ! ... oh wait, 
  world is over, 
  your point was british government bringing up the falklands to hide domestic woes , which they dont do, 
  tbh may be true in spain but i ca n't remember a time that 's happened in the uk . 
  uk position has always been self determination of gibraltan population, 
  im pro uk - i 'm saying that scots realise what unions do for us, 
  the mosquito does n't live here so it 's not a concern at all , i 'm not sure if we even have mosquitos i do n't recall seeing one, 
  scottish people have brains atleast , wish the rest of the uk did too, 
  sarcasm not always used to be funny, 
  ni 's not leaving , i ca n't envision any scenario where that would occur . 
  scotland wont leave either , as we saw what would of been the result had we become independent in 2014 and i do n't think the average scot will listen to the lies of salmond/sturgeon again . 
  you sound like a brexiteer, 
  load of shite , r/scotland has always been a nationalist frenzy . 
  good to hear, 
  anyone that disagrees with you should just leave , nice . 
  well thankfully got nothing to do with what you care, 
  we clearly did n't have a plan and invoking it now would be suicide, 
  they 'll join nato though , happy to be protected as long as it 's not them paying for it, 
  i agree , i mean if russia had a military alliance with a pro russia mexico us would be worried . 
  im hopeful that as went through the cold war without direct military action its unlikely it will happen today when things are warmer . 
  i talked to my grandmother though and she says there were threats of war every other week back then . 
  putin is above all a patriot and he would n't risk the destruction of russia , its the crazy people that you have to worry . 
  we need to include russia not exclude them and i fear the us is counterproductive in that regar, 
  more like we 've paid rent so are staying until we got our shit ready to move out, 
  my point is people should n't encourage irish nationalists when there is no threat to the good friday agreement . 
  link me one poll that shows support for reunification, 
  that was n't my point though was it , and there are no signs that ni wa n't reunion . 
  they voted 45-55 ffs not 1-99 like gibraltar did, 
  no one promised us we 'd remain in the eu . 
  the remain in the uk argument was/is 10x stronger even than the remain in the eu argument . 
  inb4 30 downvotes from people who paid no interest two years ago and are just happy that the uk might break up, 
  so if the nationalists won the last referendum and all those lies told by the snp in their campaign were proven would we of gotten to vote again ? 
  you should probably seek professional help . 
  i 'm complaining at the glee some have towards the idea , not who 's to blame, 
  why whats happened ? 
  things calmer than they were two years ago , us/russ cooperation in syria , ceasefire in ukraine, 
  they happy for the troubles to start again if it hurts the uk , disgusting . 
  did n't realise were subjagated, 
  what about abba ? 
  liberated from what ? 
  definitely , you also have to factor in the scots that voted remain only because we did n't want another independence referendum and not because of any love towards the eu, 
  vote was 62-38 . 
  the independence vote was only 55-45 . 
  lots of leavers in scotland too . 
  their budget was embrassingly off . 
  similar to the uk/eu debate they thought they could gain all the benefits of being in the uk without being part of it . 
  the pound , shipbuilding of royal navy ships , open borders . 
  also claimed they would n't have to take on much of the uk debt . 
  i think you 'll be very surprised that when the facts are laid out on scots comparing the value of the uk and the eu the scots will choose the uk . 
  we know what we avoided with the oil price crash last time and wo n't listen to snp falsehoods , it was a big discussion point in scotland before the brexit vote . 
  only referendum sturgeon could win is if it was held today , when anger is at it 's highest, 
  i edited it . 
  dunno why you wa n't to reopen the whole northern ireland thing again , can we not just accept that they will reunify once the population wants it ? 
  the uk is as over ni as we thought you were , we just want peace . 
  dreaming of a northern ireland/scotland country is weird as fk . 
  scottish anger was high after the brexit vote but is falling as we access where we will end up . 
  unlike england/wales in the last vote the majority voted with their heads in the independence referendum and none of the key arguments have changed . 
  thats why nicola has n't called a referendum . 
  her arguments from the last one were proven wrong and it will be very hard for her to convince people itll be different this time . 
  well no not fucking ireland , the republic of ireland, 
  yes campaign also told a lot of lies during that campaign which were proven false, 
  she could call one right now but she wont because she does n't think she can win, 
  she was proven wrong on pretty much every assumption she made 18 months ago . 
  she 's a nationalist no better than farage or johnson, 
  any facts about that ? 
  scottish independence was proven a bad decision as many of the scottish nationalists assumptions last time proved to be wrong . 
  i mean you say the pounds in the shitter but its at the same level it was 2/3 years ago against the euro would you had said the same then ? 
  i do n't know why you have such incredible faith in the eu and not the uk a union that been together for three centuries and two world wars . 
  ni remains in the uk until it votes otherwise , and no polling has given ni reunification a lead if scotland had voted 99 % remain like gibraltar did , i could understand their anger . 
  scotland voted 45 % to leave the uk scotland voted 38 % to leave the eu not such a big difference , the snp ca n't demand a referendum every time a uk vote goes against scotland . 
  as a scot that backed the unionist side in both recent referendums ( remain and no ) and i like many are dissapointed in this result but that does n't mean we want the breakup of our other , 300 year old union in revenge brexit is a mistake , but do n't drool over scottish independence as revenge for the uk decision . 
  scottish nationalism and british nationalism are the same , they both blame other countries for their problems and are willing to let their people suffer as long as they get their goals . 
  leaving the rest of the uk which is by far our biggest trading partner because it decided to leave the eu is the stupidest decision of them all . 
  europeans praying for the breakup of another country in europe because they are upset with the vote should be ashamed of themselves . 
  after all was n't the eu founded on unity and not division ? 
  i think it 's likely uk will have to pay more , get access to the single market and get some marginal negotiation on free movement . 
  it 'll be difficult but i assume a trade deal will be simpler to negotiate than for e.g canada because we have the paralell trade rules right now ? 
  was always gon na have a short term negative impact on the economy , dont think many claimed otherwise . 
  people are n't spending due to nervousness, 
  funny fact but they also by a lot of uk real estate,
