  in the eu no you ca n't, 
  what that scotland leaving uk and joining eu is the ` status quo ', 
  pensions are a massive issue though , with lowering birth rates and increasing life expectancy it 's impossible to support someone from the age of 65 til l they are in their 90s, 
  what ? 
  france got a lot more farming subsidies for it 's disjointed agricultural sector and the british government at the time thought it unfair that britain pay more than france while receiving less funding and so negotiated a better deal . 
  britain was clearly valuable enough to the eu for it to recieve these opt outs . 
  ( many of which came in after we joined anyway and so we had a right to say no ) . 
  more fool belgium if it ca n't negotiate a better deal for itself , i guess not having a functioning parliament for decades has those issues though . 
  was n't it a britain vs france thing though ? 
  some states have more to offer and get benefits for that, 
  so the best plan for recovering from a crazy decision based on nationalism is too make an even crazier one based on nationalism, 
  okay , just wondered if eu would of had a problem with us doing that . 
  the uk business secretary is in india right now discussing post exit trade deals and is stopping in china and others countries too . 
  could this be a big deal ? 
  according to the news junker seems to be getting sidelined in regards to brexit talks, 
  rebate was due to us receiving lower agricultural subsidies . 
  the concessions were seen as frivolous , part of the reason the remain campaign struggled , the eu was seen as inflexible . 
  what rules are we breaking , this has n't happened before . 
  it 's unskilled labour that concerns brits . 
  a australian style system is what we wanted implemented , where we recruit the best and brightest from around the world , and if we need lower skilled labour then we just recruit it . 
  there are some that are racist and are anti immigrant but the vast majority of brits that voted leave want controlled immigration not 0 immigration . 
  paywall, 
  idea that a country could be successful outside of your crazy project upsets you ? 
  random question but are the eu nationalists hateful towards the swiss too ? 
  ever heard of not blaming the son for the sins of the father ? 
  move on . 
  gon na take a while to build up 75 years of infrastructure, 
  perhaps but the british domestic market is still pretty huge so they will remain some base here, 
  like it did with greece ? 
  scottish whisky interesting, 
  do link evidence of your ` facts ', 
  it 's going to be a challenging few years , made harder by this vote . 
  but we need to move on and make the best of the situation . 
  we lack civil servants with experience negotiating trade deals so are recruiting some that do . 
  brexit was n't anti immigration , was control over immigration . 
  a scotsman that voted yes and remain , the complete hypocrite, 
  try not to type out all your random thoughts, 
  if you do n't think british civil servants have been taking calls from coutnries your niave, 
  happens with all minor positive brexit stuff, 
  the border ends at the french end of the tunnel and the checks are done by the brits not us french, 
  how long do you assume a check last , i travel the globe last 2/3 minutes . 
  and schengen is different to free movement right ? 
  only snp would vote against it, 
  yes because the uk has the same hand as greece did, 
  this is the first year ;p, 
  nice britain into the semis !, 
  :p grats to wales , jealous of your player 's passion and determination . 
  can be debated, 
  we 'd have to sacrifice a lot , not as much as norway , switzerland though . 
  i think we will get into eea without free movement because our economy is valuable to europe . 
  for this we would probably pay as much to the eu budget as we do now , if not more . 
  because some countries bring more to the eu than others . 
  the problem the eu has now is it 's complete inflexibility and inability to change . 
  guess it 'll be leave it, 
  is it worth it though ? 
  europe is struggling with huge unemployment , the eurozone is weak , migrant crisis to deal with . 
  is this really the time to gamble with the future of the eu ? 
  in the scottish referendum , one poll had leave ahead and the british government panicked and gave scotland better terms . 
  question is , is the eu willing to put aside its pride and offer the uk something more . 
  i feel the 20 % of people still undecided could be swade by the eu being generous to the uk . 
  devastating news , for such a small island to be potentially partitioned . 
  i thought they eu was about bringing countries together , now people here cheer for the breakup of a 300 year old union far stronger than the one they are trying to build . 
  if the uk can not work for scotland , why do you think the eu will be any better ? 
  the uk obviously has assets in the eu after all these years . 
  its not unreasonable at all . 
  if women earned less than men why would n't companies just hire women ? 
  purely anecdotal, 
  a lot of scots ( such as myself ) voted against brexit just to try and avoid another independence referendum . 
  there is no great love for the eu in scotland , only by those who see it as a gateway for independence . 
  for the hardcore eu nationalists , i do n't understand the excitement of the uk possibly breaking up . 
  if a 300 year old union between two countries with shared culture , language and history ca n't stay together , what hope does a eu state have ? 
  last time the eu set out a red line ( single market access or limiting freedom of movement ) theresa may called the bluff . 
  i wonder if she will do it again, 
  a very underrated city . 
  great people , great nightlife, 
  great another waste of time ... just what we need to do after making a dumb decision , make another stupid decision, 
  but scotland does n't want to be ` free ' . 
  we voted no to independence and no polls have shown a significant change , nor have the snp called for a second referendum . 
  wtf has england done wrong, 
  if we owe money for pensions , eu investments ect . 
  im all for it . 
  i dont necessarily think its 40-60 billion like the eu claim, 
  its the millenium bridge no, 
  does it include french territories in south america ect ? 
  most scots couldnt give a shit about the eu . 
  38 % wanted to leave outright , the rest did what the nationalist party told them to do . 
  its dropped a lot https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/jul/18/how-uk-halved-teenage-pregnancy-rate-public-health-strategy, 
  feel whatever you like , the polls show no change, 
  but we have no leverage and we gon na get walked all over so why not, 
  i think people overestimate how much love scotland has for the eu . 
  i mean 38 % voted to leave and a lot of people such as myself only voted to remain because i did n't want to risk another cry for independence if we voted for brexit . 
  ca n't be any less reliable than our last partner, 
  compare wage increases with inflation then , which was last forecast to be 1.6 % . 
  so a net of 1.2 %, 
  i mean you 're not even trying are you , it 's from july 2014 mate . 
  you can guess all you want too but the vast majority of economists have said the pound is undervalued, 
  that the uk would leave the single market is nothing new ? 
  literally 90 % of what you said is pre-post empire stuff, 
  i think you have literally no idea what you 're talking about, 
  who gives a fuck about the empire except hard right nationalists ?
