  yet 38 % of scots still voted out . 
  probally more to do with the fact that french/germans speak good english so it 's much more valuable for britain to have mandarin speakers, 
  idd , breaking one union and hurting the economy is bad breaking an even more important union and destroying the economy is freedom, 
   zoomer . 
  nice arguement, 
  ahh i see . 
  make sense . 
  that title is a bit exaggerated, 
  they already rejected it once and saw what the potential outcome would of been . 
  the snps plan for independence was full of lies and falsehoods , just like the brexit one but even worse . 
  do n't understand why scottish nats get the love they do on this / r /, 
  how so, 
  a phenomenal liar , nationalism is pretty easy to campaign for , just look at the brexit referendum, 
  scottish independance would be far far worse to the scottish economy than brexit would be . 
  big difference between a union between a group of countries on a small island not separated by language with minor cultural differences and a union of vastly different countries on a continent with separate languages , beliefs , priorities and cultures . 
  interesting that mainland europe likes these semi circle type assemblies very similar to the new scottish parliment . 
  i wonder what the benefits are too the current british model, 
  in march 2016 , research conducted by the royal commonwealth society indicated that 58 % of the british public supported free movement between the uk , canada , australia and new zealand , compared to 75 % of canadians , 70 % of australians and 90 % of new zealanders . 
  [ 10 ] in an interview with global news canada , skinner indicated that allowing free movement between these four countries would provide canadians with similar economic benefits as seen with the trans-tasman travel arrangement between australia and new zealand :, 
  short term no , long term probally the same, 
  do n't see why they would be definitively worse than those in the eu . 
  you can be much more specialized in your goals and not have to cater for numerous countries and economies . 
  if 52 deaths to terrorism every decade is what the uk has to worry about i think we are okay, 
  yeah our national anthem sucks :(, 
  so what currency will it use, 
  the oil they have left is n't profitable until prices double and even then there is low supply left, 
  could an independant scotland even join the eu with their budget deficit ? 
  a beautiful anthem , title is wrong and was performed tonight in honour of the victims, 
  2 weeks after new pm i think, 
  did n't juncker say we had only two weeks ? 
  to me it 's a double standard , the british goverment has to guarantee the rights of the british citizens in eu countries post brexit, 
  exactly , so why are the posters above criticizing the uk for not 100 % confirming status for the eu migrants in the uk . 
  like i said before and seem to off gotten downvoted for , this is a non-issue . 
  both parties will be happy to secure their set of migrants . 
  okay , maybe i 'm overestimating the eu . 
  you honestly do n't think that the eu will agree to secure status for uk migrants ? 
  it would go against everything it stands for, 
  she wo n't promise until uk citizens are given the same protection ... 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the government was literally just formed today, 
  look i get your pissed the uk left but your being pathetic here . 
  the eu wont abandon its values and neither will the uk , this is not an issue . 
  you raise good points , especially with the uk experience with the ira . 
  stop being bitter they are only chips if the eu use uk citizens as chips . 
  it 's a total non issue because this will be easily agreed, 
  france/belgium does seem to have a larger number of attacks recently . 
  do n't want to jinx things but there has n't been a major attack in the uk for 11 years but it seems to becoming more common over there recently . 
  i agree , its our own fault, 
  no one has to leave as soon as eu confirms the residency rights of uk citizens, 
  whats happening ? 
  we have no plan yet so we cant invoke article 50 lol, 
  we will see , people like you sadly make me regret voting remain . 
  death to all as long as your precious project survives . 
  sorry i meant eu and uk relations, 
  what 's your hope for the future of uk and the eu then , 
  i actually think we got a good shot at eurovision this year . 
  among eu nats i doubt we are popular , but our culture/economy seems to have attracted a number of europeans recently, 
  it 's a relief to hear that european leaders have soften their tones . 
  my hope is that the eu and the uk will become the strongest of allies , even though we sadly wont be in the eu . 
  she needed space for the new brexit departments . 
  the uk has been doing very admirably on climate chnage, 
  im sure he 'll learn , hes a very bright politician , even i as a remainer am happy to see him in charge, 
  he will likely be a ` optimism ' type guy who trots around world bigging the uk up, 
  you gain nothing for schengen, 
  so what you gon na do about it ? 
  hahaha boris johnson, 
  slovakian criticizing our politicians . 
  now i ca n't stop laughing, 
  well wont be in it will it, 
  how so ? 
  more arm sales for uk firms if rest of europe decided to start spending their fair share on defence, 
  was proven as untrue, 
  so there was going to be an eu army ... 
  she bet her country 's future 2 years ago and it would of been far worse than whats happening now . 
  not hard , her plan is too just blame westminster for everything, 
  she can delay it for a good amount of time perhaps even 5 years . 
  you ca n't demand massive referendums every 5 minutes, 
  they join with us ... 
  this swiss have been heavily advocating us joining as they want our banks and their banks to negotiate together, 
  one of the biggest myths is that englanders think their football team is good . 
  they dont they thought they were better than iceland which they should of been, 
  what has been the spineless wavering ? 
  i wonder if the eu will change article 50 knowing how powerless it makes them, 
  but we were already in the eu when they were proposed we just didnt want them so ... 
  he studied in oxford and we noted as being very quiet and studious, 
  something to do with the state of emergancy, 
  yes , because you elect a party in the uk not a president aka the parliamentary system, 
  poland so awkward ;p, 
  our loss to iceland gon na be remembered for a while like ... :p, 
  really never understood the hate on cameron , he 's one of the few centrist tories, 
  i agree but leadsom was really not a nice character and its a relief she is n't going to lead the uk edited you bastard ;p, 
  she was never going to win , this is actually good that we can stop with the nervousness, 
  i think us made a profit bailing their banks out , and britain is predicted to make a minor loss . 
  i said exactly that since the vote . 
  britain saw its prime minister spends month visiting european capitals trying to renegotiate and returned with a fairly mediocre change . 
  that confirmed to many brits that reforming the eu from within would never happen as so leant them towards leave . 
  eu had to make a decision whether it was worth giving concessions to the uk and i understand why the didnt . 
  part of me thinks they took a gamble with the vote and expected like us all a remain vote . 
  i wonder if knowing the outcome would the eu of been more generous . 
  congrats to the french security not heard of one problem since the flares .
