  the difference is even deeper in groceries , fruits and vegetables , etc. 
  in turkey , those are really really cheap , compared to europe . 
  yes , but again , it 's about money . 
  i love to drink , but as a student , i really ca n't , when i 'm in europe , i ca n't buy as much food as i can in turkey , but i drink like there 's no tomorrow . 
  also , that 's average , i wish we could have a statistic that averages out of the people who drink . 
  if 90 % of the dutch drinks , in turkey , it 'd probably be around 50 % . 
  these are the main problems , but there 's no problem in easiness of access to alcohol . 
  i can buy it anywhere . 
  i could buy it anywhere when i was 16 , and i did n't look older . 
  it 's normally illegal to sell after a certain time , but still , practically i could buy any time . 
  not much about demand , even if only 50 % people that are of age would possibly drink , that 'd be 25 million people . 
  it 's more about taxes . 
  and yes it 's easy to get , nearly every supermarket have it and most of the groceries are actually liquor stores . 
  we would have it cheaper , if there were n't enormous taxes on alcohol . 
  but still , you can find cheapest beer in markets for about 6 liras for 500 ml ( efes pilsen ) , which is about 1.5 euros i think . 
  czech republic was much much better at prices . 
  this article has a very poor translation of erdogan 's words though . 
  sultanahmet has artistic importance and all that but think about , as a royalty , praying in hagia sophia . 
  you 're basically a roman emperor , which ottoman sultans claimed the title of . 
  it 's a political decision , rather than religious . 
  it 's islamist wet dream to turn it into a mosque again . 
  it 's not erdo\u011fan . 
  secular people of turkey knew about and hated the cult of g\u00fclen for much more years than government . 
  g\u00fclen cult was not a secret thing then , for example police academies of turkey was one of the places where % 90 of its students and teachers were gulenists . 
  private schools were openly supporting gulen cemaat . 
  people were n't secret about their support . 
  the only difference was , back then akp government supported them . 
  they were openly complimenting g\u00fclen cemaat , there are videos of every big government person saying good things about g\u00fclen . 
  they came to this place by supporting each other . 
  they infiltrated military , purging kemalists out of the army ( see ergenekon ) . 
  the guy above is not believing erdo\u011fans lies . 
  there are a lot of innocent people purged after the coup , there are a lot of gulenists purged as well . 
  when you accuse turkish people here about believing erdo\u011fans lies , just remember we hate him much more than you do . 
  just to be clear , i do n't support purges . 
  they 're not legitimate because they are done with executive orders and there are lots of innocent people as well . 
  but demise of the gulen cemaat is a good thing , just like demise of akp will be in the future hopefully . 
  are you in tallinn ? 
  i 'm going to go tallinn for erasmus next year . 
  tell me if you want some rak\u0131 or coffee or anything :d, 
  well , kurdish seperatism in 1920s was mainly about religion though . 
  kurdish movements of that time were first wanted sharia law , then kurdish natioonalism . 
  you know that in 1914-1915 , mustafa kemal was in gallipoli , right ? 
  yeah but the young turks became an idiomatic impression in english . 
  they do n't directly take the name from the young turks , they take from the english phrase who took it from jeune turks . 
  if there 's a civil war , new immigrants will mostly be educated secular turks though . 
  just like iranians in revolution . 
  the akp supporters accuse / insult us as being byzantine , crusader . 
  but it depends on the region . 
  for example black sea coast which was pontus , is one of the most religious , conservative places in turkey and there are lots of people who are greek descent there ( they even deny it ) . 
  % 40 in red , 60 in blue . 
  yes but the president has only 2 terms and when he does this , he loses one of his terms . 
  % 60 live in blue . 
  just calculated it . 
  blue ( no ) provinces have 48,276,989 people . 
  which is the 60.5 % of the country . 
  yeah i thought it was an honest error as well . 
  i do n't think there 'd be anyone in r/europe that would do that mistake . 
  i was joking :d, 
  they really look like mhp supporters , many \u00dclk\u00fcc\u00fc girls i 've met has the same style ( clothing , hairs , etc. ) . 
  i do n't know why they are so passionate about this though . 
   other arabs incl the turks and iranians triggered . 
  turkish word musakka is a very different dish than greek moussaka . 
  yours is lasagna like dish while musakka is a casserole . 
  moussaka is much more delicious , there are dishes in turkey that are more similar to it . 
  one of my grandmother is greek , and the other one is central anatolian and i could say , difference between greek and western anatolian or even central anatolian cuisines are not bigger than difference between anatolian and southeastern/eastern dishes . 
  it 's even worse , considering 1876 constitution of ottoman empire was heavily influenced by constitution of belgium . 
  way to go turkey ... 
  his health will not allow that . 
  hopefully . 
  no way to know i guess because state does n't count the divisions of islam officially , so i do n't think there 's an official number , but it 's estimated to be around 12 millions . 
  in the past there was open violence against them by the fascist turks , since alevis are mostly left voters . 
  i think in urban populations it does n't matter that much now , especially in istanbul there 's lots of alevis . 
  some sunni people do n't let their children marry with alevis and vice versa . 
  ( in rural places , people still marry with their fathers/parents ' consents or even perform blind weddings . ), 
  cemevis ( worship places of alevis ) are n't officially recognized by turkish diyanet , which is the main political topic of alevis . 
  most alevis in turkey vote for chp and i believe there should be a lot of alevi mps in the party as well . 
  erdo\u011fan in the past , when talking about k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu , start the sentence by `` as you know he 's an alevi '' like he 's insulting him . 
  sorry i was on mobile . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jxuidkbxg4 ) 's a newer version of that . 
  a kemalist march from the turkish war of independence about \u0130zmir . 
  it 's de facto march of kemalists against erdo\u011fan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jxuidkbxg4, 
  5.8 % of the words in turkish are borrowed from arabic , that is a total of 6467 words . 
  in turkey , there are no vending machines for those products but most places let you buy drinks if you 're older than 14 and do n't look that small . 
  minors drinking or smoking is not something people approve of , but it 's also not a big problem . 
  buying cigarettes are much harder , but generally you can find someone to get to buy one . 
  again , if you look somewhat older than your age , for example when you have a beard , you can buy anything easily . 
  police raids on bars happen especially when the place is shady , they ask for ids if you look young , but they do n't penalize it . 
  migros or carrefour usually . 
  to me , it 's because right-wing extremism uses much more far-reaching , populist ideals that most people in the society can relate and so they are much more dangerous . 
  i mean just thinking about my country for example : right-wing extremism is mostly done in the name of `` political islam '' . 
  left wing extremism has created some terrorist organizations . 
  seeing the country as what it is right now , i can definitely say that islamists harmed the country much more than the left . 
  they made turkey what it is right now . 
  i get it . 
  how do you pronounce tepes by the way ? 
  so as i understood , vlad done bad things too but what he did was for justice and national defence and he has so many good things done , so he is praised as a national hero ? 
  it is not late , i asked it because i was curious , thanks . 
  i loved that poem so thanks for that . 
  i wonder what changed your mind about vlad in that book . 
  i will take a look at it but what exactly ?
