  it probably has more actual tea per cup though . 
  not sure on that though . 
  i like turkish coffee . 
  not more than a filtered coffee or espresso kinds but , it 's like an earthy espresso and it 's good once in a while . 
  i think it depends on the preferences on earthiness . 
  nestle is already very big in turkey . 
  yes , although it 's bad , jihad was already taught in religion classes as a peaceful thing . 
  it 's mostly for to tell children : `` hey do n't mind the terrorism in islamic countries , they do n't know the religion well , they understood the jihad wrong '', 
  yeah it started after midnight but the anniversary is on 15th , which they celebrated . 
  yeah it was something like that . 
  just from what i remember : hello fellow citizens . 
  as your president , i congratulate our 15 july democracy and national unity day , and i remember all our martyrs . 
  2/3 of istanbul lives is the european side , as far as i know . 
  so approximately 12 million . 
  ( plus edirne , tekirda\u011f , k\u0131rklareli and gelibolu , it totals around 13,5 mil . 
  people ), 
   hardly comparable to turks , a group of nomads coming from mongolia and other central asian lands . 
  yeah , turks in turkey are mostly descendents of anatolians , conquered and turkified by those nomadic turks . 
   but its heritage as successor of the ottoman empire what about ottoman empire 's heritage as successor of byzantines . 
  ottomans looked toward europe more than the east . 
  politically , culturally , in governance , etc. 
   and bosniaks and kosovars speak a european language define european language . 
  indo-european ? 
  what about finnish , estonian , hungarian ? 
  those are the mascots of the deaflympics 2017 samsun . 
  copying my earlier reply to another comment here : there 's a video of him in laughter from like 20-23 years back , when he was the mayor of istanbul . 
  watching the video now seems very weird to me . 
  here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80gsqsppysg, 
  there 's a video of him in laughter from like 20-23 years back , when he was the mayor of istanbul . 
  watching the video now seems very weird to me . 
  here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80gsqsppysg, 
  it 's pretty spot on . 
  gulenists are like scientology especially in the matter of his personality cult , though gulen was much more popular . 
  they revere g\u00fclen like a magician god prophet dragon leader . 
  akp and their supporters used to love him and his `` service '' movement as well because it helped political islam become popular in turkey . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/2013_taksim_gezi_park_protests_%2815th_june%29.jpg this is from gezi park protests . 
  i was there in istanbul and in ankara , it was definitely not a couple of thousand people . 
  i think the bus is a touristic bus and has tourists from greece , it gets hijacked by terrorists and the adanal\u0131 guy saves them . 
  just watch around 56:00 , the scene that 's set in gas station market . 
  nearly all tv shows in turkey ( all soap operas ) has serious amounts of romance and drama , they all have standard themes and events with different topics . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yopqgi_zwne it 's not about the place but it 's a story of a cop who is from adana . 
  there were apa\u00e7i 's similar to this but these are pure adana boys . 
  i meant , it was never a big city like other european capitals . 
  it ( ankara ) is just a logo . 
  turkish cities do n't have flags . 
  our cities do n't have a feudal history . 
  ankara , do n't even have any history though . 
  she 's a very popular singer and her sexuality is very much respected surprisingly . 
  it 's probably because of the timing of the photo . 
  if your problem is origins , all humans come from africa . 
  if your problem is nomadic life , central america was inhabited by settled people . 
  so you 're saying new york is in europe ? 
  well , its turkish name is aya sofya , lol . 
  this is a very nice combination of byzantine-ottoman-dutch architecture , looks really nice with its surroundings imo . 
  i 'm going this summer to both gent and brugge . 
  i 'm going to stay as far as i can from my countrymen though . 
  well in turkey most people vote anyway . 
  we have very high turnouts , like % 85 , compared to the eu and the us . 
  it would probably be a greater iraq , controlled by british . 
  erdo\u011fan had a personal project of building a replica of an historical artillery barracks in it 's original place , gezi park . 
  what started as a peaceful concert-protest to save the city 's only green area near taksim square , turned into a secular , anti-authoritarian protest that went on for more than 2 months , with police intervention . 
  there were protests in most cities in turkey , from people from every age , gender , class , ideology . 
  there were many arrests , more than 20 casualties ( some police included ) and thousands of wounded . 
  there are many reasons . 
  first , because she 's the wife of erdo\u011fan . 
  does n't necessarily bad , but i mean you ca n't be too `` innocent '' , while you 're in the most corrupt family of the century . 
  second , she 's not wearing out of fashion clothes , rather she 's wearing the clothes of new islamist women . 
  it 's kind of a clothing that became popular with rise of political islam in turkey . 
  for secular turks , it 's political rather than religious . 
  so many kemalists are angry that turkey is represented by women with these kind of clothing in foreign area . 
  10-15 years ago it was banned in civil life and no first lady , apart from the last two mrs. g\u00fcl and erdo\u011fan , have ever been veiled . 
  so , she 's not the representative of modern turkish women ( at least for seculars ) . 
  third , i 'm sure as a first lady that she 's doing a lot of charity work , etc , but she seems to spend a lot of money for her pleasures , antiques , furniture , etc. 
  it 's safe to assume that she 's spending public money , since they 're corrupt . 
  i do n't understand why you 're downvoted and the guy 's upvoted . 
  it 's a story where founding fathers do rap , and he 's asking for reality on actors ' ethnicity . 
  the play is about immigration , not a historical representation of american history . 
  that castle worth a lot of points though . 
  i wonder if it has a shield . 
  yeah , that 's a pity . 
  i hope fenerbahce 's and other turkish teams ' successes will turn into more investment and interest in youth sports in turkey . 
  https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqf-ijrps1lmlgtmcc-qr4ax5svdbww-2jsc1by5gtw-6ma0nzdns2tbhus this is d\u00f6ner with minced meat , you can see there 's only a few steaks visible in raw type , when it 's cooked it 's more subtle . 
  https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrru8wgzm3iscnsdzwyhqj0c4vpygbdgmgj9rwhrzponfu5xv6k this is a nice d\u00f6ner , with just stacked beef steaks . 
  all doners i 've seen in munich was of the first type . 
  edit : better photo https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcr7z0aio3qzzmu2gi1m2npfz0pzf74r1pvflj7ty_4x9vjz1xg7dphfot1tsq, 
  oh nice , did n't think there is in germany , very good then :d, 
  than you should taste sucuk d\u00f6ner , can be found in afyon , turkey . 
  in munich , all that i saw were minced kind , or at least 50 percent minced mixed . 
  vienna had much better d\u00f6ner . 
  we do n't eat this stuff everyday . 
  unfortunately . 
  let me compare it this way . 
  i went to interrailing last year and compared a lot of prices in a lot of restaurants and groceries . 
  in italy for example , let 's say rome , cheap local drinking ( not cooking ) wine prices were starting from 3-4 euros for 70cl . 
  a pizza in a restaurant would be 8-11 euros , and a glass of cheapest wine was 4-5 euros , and a coke 3-4 euros . 
  similar quality local wines in turkish markets are 20-30 liras . 
  a similar size pizza in a similar type restaurant would be 18-25 liras . 
  ( or a turkish kebap ( not fast food kebab ) would be similar , 20-28 ) and a glass of wine as generally from 14-18 for a bad quality wine . 
  coke is 4 -5 liras in restaurants . 
  so , in short , what i mean is , in turkey , a lot of people prefer to buy food first , when they have a preference with those .
