  if % 51 of people okay with this , that means nearly 40 million people are not . 
  it 's not a real democracy when % 50 rules the way they want with no regard to others . 
  the countries you suggested have stronger execution than current turkey but with also strong legislative and judiciary to control it . 
  in the new system , turkey will not have any checks and balances . 
  really , what would be the price of flag + shipping + your profit to send here ? 
  not to burn , genuine question . 
  well , i think most if not all oranges in turkey are produced in turkey . 
  it 's mediterranean bro . 
  they beat up an uighur chef in a chinese restaurant , because of what chinese government do to uighurs . 
  i think you ca n't go lower than that . 
  [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4s0q_bmnss&amp;feature=youtu.be ) just on . 
  they explain their reasoning like `` as you know , the dutchmen names themselves as `` portakal '' , we say we 'll squeeze you and drink you . '', 
  i think football commentators/newspapers in turkey call the national team portakallar . 
  it 's surreal . 
  not necessarily . 
  it 's just a show off to the west . 
  if you look at history of the republic , every time there 's some things are off with the west , turkish befriends russia a little bit . 
  it 's the nature of turkish diplomacy . 
  and erdo\u011fan generally promised that in previous elections . 
  i think it 's a good sign . 
  yes , and geert wilders plays into erdogan 's hand here . 
  fascists are stronger together . . 
  is that nixon or erdo\u011fan . 
  i ca n't even tell . 
  yeah , saudi arabia , along with turk turks please . 
  legalwise , turkish women have comparable rights as the western women and it 's probably best or nearly best in countries with predominantly muslim population . 
  the most important issues are cultural . 
  for a lot of conservative people in turkey , women are not supposed to work but marry , raise children and do house chores . 
  they are n't supposed to speak loudly , swear , mess with the politics , go out at night without a man , do n't be with men unless serious , etc. 
  some of these things may appear in western conservative families but it 's much more prevalent in turkey . 
  new year 's festive lightings . 
  at least that was it , originally . 
  i think now it 's permanently there because people liked it . 
  it changes shape from time to time , though . 
  i have n't seen this goggly eyes one . 
  edit : oh , i read it as what 's up with the light things , sorry :d, 
  yes and no . 
  they 're purging a lot of those guys , but they 're also including some non-g\u00fclenists as well . 
  my constitutional law professor , who 's publicly known to be against g\u00fclen for a lot years is purged as well . 
  also a lot of g\u00fclen guys were also akp supporters , so some of them are saving themselves by publicly attacking their old friends . 
  i hated g\u00fclen organization whole my life , but regardless of who are being purged , it 's sad to see people losing their jobs for life without even being judgey by a court . 
  ( not that those courts are independent , but that 's another issue . ), 
  as other people said , they did n't changed the city name and they used konstantiniyye which is basically the same in arabic . 
  in fact , they wanted it to stay that way , because ottomans sultans and especially mehmed ii considered themselves to be the inheritors of the romans . 
  also for centuries many names were used for the city and most of them are badass and there 's nothing wrong with using any of them for me . 
  my favourite is miklagard though . 
  in turkey , kolej ( pronounced same as coll\u00e8ge ) means private primary school and high school . 
  so it 's more confusing :d, 
  thanks , i did n't know that . 
  let me think . 
  eti product are generally good . 
  eti browni intense is very orgasmic bitter chocolate cake . 
  you can try eti cin . 
  there 's \u00dclker halley , biskrem , 9 kat tat . 
  if there are torku products , some of them are very good . 
  if there are quality turkish delight it 'd be good but i doubt that , market lokums are not that good . 
  get turkish coffee ( kurukahveci if available ) , if you like coffee . 
  if there are cheese , you should find a kind that fits your taste . 
  i personally like tulum , kashkaval , halloumi . 
  you can find good fruit jams . 
  i do n't exactly know what kind of things you may find there , so i listed things i could think . 
  i 'm sure there are other great things i cou\u015fdn ' t think of . 
  corsica was transferred to france ( from genoa ) just before napoleon was born . 
  his original name was napoleone di buonaparte . 
  ( he changed his name to napoleon bonaparte when he was young , in france . ), 
  his family were italian corsicans , in fact napoleon did not learn french until coll\u00e8ge ( which ~ ~ was ~ ~ is school before high school ) . 
  it 's very good . 
  but it 's good mostly because of it 's texture . 
  it 's taste is above average ( very good by turkish chocolate standards ) . 
  but you open the pack , take it to your mouth , and it just melts in your mouth as it touches on your tongue . 
  yes it 's not exactly same . 
  there 's no t\u015f sound in turkish . 
  there 's no tsch in turkish , but the closest thing is \u00e7 . \u00c7 is like ch in `` check '' it 's hard to represent sounds in different languages , so they go with the next best thing . 
  tschus is a used ( rarely ) word in turkish for example and it 's \u00c7\u00fcs . 
  you 're only thinking them in the languages you know , though . 
  like the guy in other comment said , they do n't make the same sound in turkish . 
  in fact , it 's impossible to read `` tsch '' or `` sch '' in turkish . 
  that 's one of the main differences between turkish and romance or germanic languages . 
  in turkish , groups of letters never make different sounds when came together . 
  for example , in french , in `` un '' and `` une '' articles , `` u '' sound different sounds , because u , n make [ \u0251\u0303 ] sound but u , n and e makes [ yn ] sound . 
  in turkish , it would be [ un ] and [ une ] , respectively . 
  it makes it hard to adapt to these languages for new stuents at first . 
  that attempt changed the language hugely but still there are lots of arabic origin words in turkish . 
  but there are nearly as much as french loan words . 
  according to the source i just checked , there are 6467 arabic loan words in turkish , as well as 5253 french , 1359 farsi , 485 english , 448 rum-greek and some others . 
  to add : most arabic , farsi and rum loanwords are generally turkified and lost their original meaning because they 're in the language for very long while most french words have the same or similar meanings . 
  more addition : according to g\u00fcncel t\u00fcrk\u00e7e s\u00f6zl\u00fck ( current turkish dictionary ) , 2005 , turkish has 104.481 words . 
  14 % of these words are foreign loanwords . 
  ( it checks the math above ) for reference ottoman turkish has 80 % of it 's words from arabic and farsi . 
  today arabic + farsi isless than 8k , so it 's below 8 % . 
  on the other side , the language has the most turkish loanwords is serbian . 
  it uses `` serbian '' as an umbrella term for serbian , croatian and bosniak . 
  so probably bosniak got more turkish words . 
  i guess i 'm going to start again to make this right . 
  that 's because camel cigarettes use mostly turkish tobacco ( and virginia tobacco ) in it 's blend . 
  we say `` smoking like a chimney '' like some other countries here . 
  coups of the past , eventually caused this situation in turkey . 
  a coup will never be a true solution to protect democracy and free speech . 
  a coup government would n't be any better than this , we need to overcome erdo\u011fan by democratic processes . 
  yes , newly built third bridge , will eventually lead to loss of those northern forests , which i think is essential for a city with so little green zones .
