i really wonder , what will the future presidents call that place though , if they ever use it . 
  yeah , just checked a dictionary . 
  it says frenk came from arabic to turkish , meaning `` every kind of west european '' . 
  checked some etymologic sources , found nothing useful . 
  but if you look at 19th century , the rich people of istanbul are always francophiles . 
  so it 's a familiar foreign culture . 
  also from more early years of ottoman empire , to this day , frenk ( franc ) is commonly used term for , not for only french , but generally europeans . 
  in turkey it 's really complicated and stupid . 
  some people like to call all citizens , whether they are kurds or romani or bosnian or greek , turks . 
  some people call all turkic peoples throughout history turks . 
  some people do both . 
  i 've seen people callling everyone `` turks '' . 
  in turkish we use `` olaya frans\u0131z kalmak '' ( literally `` being french to the situation '' ) with similar meaning . 
  ( you do n't understand what they are talking about , generally because of missing context or not being familiar with the situation . ), 
  the picture was taken in the republic day ( october 29th ) . 
  it 's necessary for all official buildings to have flags of turkey . 
  a flag with a picture of ataturk is not neccessary but really really common , so that 's the reason for that . 
  and he can justify that name just by saying `` the us got a palace too . '', 
  just because we translated `` the white house '' as a palace . 
  well , hope he chooses bilal over burak , at least we can have some laughs . 
  yes , about % 1 of the population . 
  i really wish every summer to be like fall . 
  or at least early spring . 
  that 's one of the causes i really like northern europe-scandinavia . 
  i think it 's perfect . 
  here , it 's 32-37c and sunny and i 'm just talking about for june . 
  august is coming !, 
  it 's not a problem , i could suggest some good books but if it must be from europe , i cant object it . 
  i 'm from turkey , i hope that is not a problem for a european club ? 
  because i 'm really into this . 
  yes , i definitely would n't vote for any of these 4 parties if there was no threshold . 
  and i believe many chp voters will vote for socialist or liberal parties . 
  this does n't really apply to akp though , they 'll still vote . 
  sorry , have to be grammar nazi here but i guess you have a problem in your french . 
  it should be '' jean-jacques rousseau '' intead of `` jacques cousteau '' . 
  yes . 
  i appreciate anything ataturk did for this country and his ideas . 
  his reforms are the reason turkey is n't syria today and even a european union candidate . 
  but kemalism includes it 's kind of nationalism in it that i completely disagree . 
  and while most kemalists insists that they are equal to all races and they consider turkish nation as one , mild racism is not really rare ( especially againt kurds and armenians ) . 
  seperate , he 's in the office for 4 more years ( next elecitons will be in 2019 i guess ? ), 
  for the first time , the president did n't selected by parliament , last year . 
  democracy , maybe ? 
  yes and it does affect mostly akp voter families in my opinion . 
  opposition supporters are more vocal than conservatives and it does make people see what government ( and opposition ) does wrong . 
  gop . 
  yes i am 18 . 
  in my age group and my social group ( i was going to private school and living in a rather wealthy neighborhood in ankara ) most popular is without a doubt chp . 
  i consider myself liberal and secular and not kemalist . 
  my friends mostly include kemalists , socialists , liberals and nationalists . 
  so most people i know vote for chp . 
  people i know whose parents vote for akp , votes for mhp ( if they are nationalists ) or even chp . 
  also some socialists and liberals vote for hdp . 
  going to vote for the first time in my life right now . 
  hope it makes some change, 
  oh sorry , it 's a misunderstanding in our languages then . 
  it 's both d\u00f6ner kebab in turkish . 
  ( there is no such thing as regular kebab in turkish ), 
  d\u00f6ner kebab invented in berlin ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  he still is extremely popular . 
  not as popular as he was before our current government but still more popular than any european leader for his country . 
  he was untouchable , stainless before that . 
  people started to see his mistakes too , which is not a bad thing , in my opinion . 
  but conservative muslim people changed their views about him completely , started to see him as an evil enemy of islam . 
  they forgot , or started to not appreciate all the good things he have done . 
  they started to see secularism and free speech as a bad thing . 
  since the west , and european ideals was the base for ataturk 's views , they changed their route to the east and islam . 
  imo turks should realise ataturk was not a god but his vision was the right way to lead this country . 
  ataturk 's successors ( chp ) was n't really successful about doing that . 
  no , man . 
  it means people who follow kemal 's ideals in the same way marx was n't a marxist or lenin was n't a leninist . 
  it 's not any more offensive than anythin , just a name . 
  the folks in constantinople disagree . 
  well we did exactly what muricans did to turkey , to india . 
  `` hindi '' means indian in arabic and farsi ( thus ottoman turkish ) . 
  it 's originally called `` hindi ku\u015fu '' which means indian bird and dropped the ku\u015fu . 
  this bird 's etymology in all countries so messed up because there were many misconceptions about the bird , similar birds and their origins all over the world . 
  i 'm in a migros now , it 's 6 lira here . 
  i think it 's cyprus but it 's so little , it does n't show the color . 
  some of the best architecture in istanbul , some of the best foods of southeastern anatolia , a rich history of city life , religion and civilization . 
  it sucks what politics can do to the cultures that are much bigger than those politicians . 
  same goes with jews and greeks of turkey , as well . 
  i 'm not trying to hide anything . 
  i 'm not claiming turks are n't anti-modern or ignorant , i believe that 's true . 
  and i even did n't claim majority of kurds vote for akp , just check what i said . 
  in this map , hdp takes % 40-60 of the votes in the south-east ( apart from hakkari which is near % 70 ) , and if you check the rest of the votes , you 'll see majority of them are for akp , not other parties . 
  chill dude . 
  % 40 of kurdish people in turkey vote for erdo\u011fan any way . 
  he can easily make it increase to the higher levels he used to get . 
  [ treaty of sevres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_s%c3%a8vres ) . 
  turkish independence war was also against ottoman government , just like those of macedonia and greece . 
  it 's not a national motto but , ya \u0130stiklal ya \u00d6l\u00fcm ( freedom or death ) is a common patriotic motto here too , 
  i think the flag of cyprus designed by a cypriot turk to be especially liked by both communities . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  i think the flag of cyprus designed by a cypriot turk to be especially liked by both communities . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  cool , i really like people like that . 
  i 'd like to meet him ( and his burgers ) . 
  thanks !,
