  we do n't really `` celebrate '' celebrate it . 
  we mention it at school as a `` turkic new year '' `` start of the spring '' etc , but we do n't even have it as holiday . 
  azeris celebrate it quite similar to the extent of kurds in turkey . 
   i know the cons of aging . 
  but i mean on the long run it will be stable again . 
  no idea how long it will take . 
  one or two generations . 
  maybe longer i suggest you watch this nice documentary about it . 
  that 's not really an equivalent , is it ? 
  even then , r/de has 66k . 
  the boundaries between `` races '' are social . 
  i 've never said race is biological , i said `` there are different genes '' which is biological , what makes them `` race '' is not . 
  okay , you 're right . 
  what i was trying to say is that there is not a natural barrier , with a person from a `` race '' and with another . 
  two people from one `` race '' are just two people with different genes . 
  two people from two different `` races '' are just two people with different genes . 
  therefore race is a social construct . 
  yes , my point was that race does not exist . 
  what is social construct is the classification of `` race '' , in dogs and in humans . 
  it 's the same species . 
  a race is basically a frequency of particular genes in a society . 
  if you choose 2 groups of 30 random people , separate them and wait 1000 years , you 'll have two `` race '' of people . 
  they 'll look different because they had different pool of genes at the beginning . 
  even if they spoke the same language at start , their accents , idioms , words will differ at the end . 
  their culture will differ . 
  but in the end , every person in each group will be human , same species , with different physical and cultural qualities . 
  there is no more to it than that . 
  dogs have been literally bred by humans to become what they are in thousands of years , according to their qualities . 
   i 'm almost sure you do n't give a fuck about your parents too if my parents treated me like shit , abandoned me , etc. 
  i would have no reason to feel gracious to them . 
  they earn their respect , by raising me , making me an adult , supporting me in their lives . 
  but i do n't feel gracious to my great-great-parents which i 've never seen . 
  we do n't have orangina , but we have pulpy fanta here , which obviously imitates orangina . 
  it 's quite good actually . 
  azerbaijan - airbus georgian - boeing armenian - ceased operations , but they used soviet planes mostly , had 1 airbus , no boeing . 
  i 'd like to know more about how people see other christians . 
  do orthodox see catholics as sharing the same religion with them or not and in what scale ? 
  how about distances of different orthodox churches , like armenian ? 
  how about protestantism ? 
  but how do you refer anatolian galatians when you talk about history ? 
   sub-category of food called `` zeyt\u0131nya\u011fl\u0131 '' which is why i excepted the aegean cost . 
  most of the zeytinya\u011fl\u0131 's are from ege and they are very similar to greek dishes . 
   if you took taxes from alcohol and added them to cigarettes well that 's exactly how it is in most european countries though . 
  they 've got higher taxes on cigarettes than us and lower on alcoholic beverages . 
  do n't want to piss off any turkish smokers , but i think cigarettes are too cheap in turkey . 
  i 'd rather they take half the tax on alcohol and transfer it to smokes . 
   turkey  more healthy food i do n't know about that . 
  our aegean coast 's cuisine is quite similar to greece , but other than that we eat too much carbs ( i 'd say on par with italy , if not more ) . 
  we 're number 1 in consuming white bread , and that does n't even count pastries , boreks , pastry desserts , etc. 
  not to mention fatty kebabs . 
  kazakhstan is in uefa as well , but i see your point :d still there 's too many arab countries in asia , and even if they agree to play , israeli teams would be in danger in their hotels , buses , in the airport in many arabic countries and iran . 
  turkey and azerbaijan both play in europe . 
  yeah , despite there 's not enough jewish people left in it , istanbul is full of synagogues , especially old areas . 
  i 'd even say it may be the top city in a `` synagogues per jews '' , but i do n't know if there 's any data on this . 
  there were 2 legal differences between muslims and non-muslims in the ottoman empire . 
  non-muslims were to pay jizya tax and they were not to become soldiers . 
  they were allowed to exercise their religion , to be sued according to their religion , and upwards mobility was much more achievable than in europe . 
  in fact most of the executive people were christian or jewish . 
  in socio-economical manner , jews and christians ( armenians mostly ) were much better than turks or other muslims . 
  so legally you may say they were second class but in practice , especially considering europe at that time , there is really no comparison . 
  well , turks and kurds went to europe , went there because they were poor , unskilled , uneducated and they had nothing much to do in turkey . 
  they were needed in europe . 
  on top of that , the ones who were n't greeted well or/and integrated well , become even more separated , religious and nationalistic . 
  turks in reddit are mostly university educated , foreign language speaking , familiar with european , american culture and ideas . 
  and here for cultural interaction and subreddits of our hobbies , tv shows , etc. 
  most of us , given the chance , would like to move to europe as well . 
  i wish there was a government campaign of exchanging every kebab shop owner for one turkish doctor , engineer , student or academic . 
  did n't know what it was , googled it . 
  in turkey we have a shitty version of this called patso !, 
  it 's so weird , it 's also very popular among students , etc. 
  for reference : https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=patso&amp;rlz=1c1rlns_trtr695tr695&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiyqpg345rvahuhlzokhxrgdxyq_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=960, 
  i do n't think that 's true because turkey is so low . 
  yogurt and ayran would make it much higher , since we consume yogurt each meal . 
  edit : and cheese . 
  i would n't say menderes was more islamist . 
  islamism was n't really a thing back then . 
  he was a pure populist . 
  he needed support of the religious people so he made laws appeasing to them . 
  he talked with religious sect leaders , just like every other right politician in turkish history . 
  today 's islamists romanticized him as a leader who saved them from the oppression of kemalist regime and paid with his life . 
  they are populists of different eras . 
  but i respect menderes ' origins , not him , but what the early democrat party stands for . 
  i do n't respect anything that made the way to erdo\u011fan become what he is , though . 
  yeah but it would silence the social outcry about this specific topic . 
  it would never appease any kemalist , when the primary danger to ataturk 's legacy is governing . 
  it changes because we first brew the tea for 15-20 minutes . 
  than we add in tea brew and boiling water in a cup . 
  so it depends on personal preference , water/tea ratio . 
  also some put sugar in tea , some do n't . 
  i 'd say , use ukraine international airlines . 
  they have very cheap lines from istanbul to kiev and kiev to europe . 
  go to kiev , stay for a day or two , it 's a very cheap city with great things to see . 
  then from there i suggest going to italy . 
  there 's cheap flights to milano if i recall correctly . 
  and tour italy , it 's perfect . 
  if not using uia , definitely use pegasus airlines to go to europe . 
  it 's the best performance/price airline from istanbul . 
  they have cheaper flights to italy , germany , france , etc. 
  choose the cheapest of these options : paris , amsterdam , k\u00f6ln or frankfurt , brussels or rome . 
  then from there , you can plan your route .
