  as far as i know , there 's one desert in turkey . 
  karap\u0131nar \u00c7\u00f6l\u00fc is in konya . 
  but of course your point is true , this desert is a very small part of anatolia . 
  i planned my europe trip last year and there were many attacks in france and turkey ( which i 'm from ) . 
  after an attack in atat\u00fcrk airport days before our plane , my friend cancelled their trip . 
  but i did n't , thinking in any case europe is better than staying in turkey . 
  i was in nice , on the day of the attack and very close to the place it happened . 
  i loved the french riviera , it was really sad to see that happen while i was there . 
  i would go again though , without a doubt . 
  european . 
  it 's based in istiklal street to be precise . 
  there have been suings ( that erdo\u011fan lost ) but i do n't remember magazine writer/caricaturist being jailed because of his drawings . 
  it 's still hard though , but in the end , only people who reads those magazines are against erdo\u011fan anyway , so they do n't see that as a big problem * for now *, 
  well the publisher is based in istanbul . 
  i would n't say that . 
  hdp still has voters that are islamist . 
  they exchange votes between akp and kurds in the southeast generally are very conservative . 
  they vote hdp because of ethnicity , not because of hdp 's liberal , green views . 
  mhp also has many islamist nationalists , like alperens and in general conservatism is one of the most important values they generally have . 
  so i 'd say chp + some of mhp and hdp which would be around 35-45 % . 
  it may be because of norway is a place that mostly upper-class turks go , opposed to germany and netherlands . 
  it 's good that , even though things are miserable right now , `` european '' belonging is only rising with each generation . 
  nature has many [ miracles . 
  ontario is capital of canada , inhabitants of canada ( mostly ) are anglo-saxons and frenchs , people of european origin , using english and french , having a european culture . 
  so ontario , geographically being in north america has very little to do with north america . 
  no , `` images of the suspect '' are . 
  oh that 's why turkish guy wears a football kit . 
  edit : latvian too , i guess . 
  from . 
  yes , she and the french is my favourites . 
  do n't know if you 're joking but . . noel in turkish is pronounced same way as in french . 
  also we have \u00f6 too , same voice as in german . 
  it used to be that way here too . 
  they would say it 's because erdo\u011fan is a `` state senior '' . 
  his seat should be respected as a president . 
  but they are hypocrites , and they 'd have no problem insulting other leaders too . 
  this is yeni mosque in eminonu . 
  only 6 minaret mosque in istanbul is blue mosque , not st. sophia . 
  i 'm really looking forward to our new glorious overlords from lichtenstein !, 
  yes i mean l\u00fcksemburg , belgrad ends with g and d as well . 
  is n't copenhagen is kopenhag ? 
  also have n't seen l\u00fcbliyana used . 
  i meant `` foreign , state school '' . 
  `` state school '' as public school . 
  and `` foreign '' as foreign language . 
   i do n't think erdo\u011fan personally ordered this to happen , but it 's probably an akp official in ministry . 
  and as i mentioned here , i agree with you it probably is n't diplomatic . 
  an official who is probably just not tolerant and a jerk thought it 's heretic to celebrate christmas in turkey , and issued this thing . 
  schools in istanbul still celebrates it . 
  [ you would be surprised ] ( http://www.kanalistanbul.com.tr/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/noel-protesto.jpeg ) [ at the people protest father christmas in this time of the year in turkey . 
  ] ( http://img.haberler.com/haber/035/nevsehirli-genclerden-noel-baba-protestosu-6822035_x_o.jpg ) spoiler : they stab santa in the end . 
  it is possibble that it would be since headscarves were also banned in schools . 
  but foreign state schools used to celebrate christmas before , why do n't allow now ? 
  ( i used to be a student in a french school . ), 
  if akp used secular arguments for this , that would be kinda hypocrite . 
  i do n't think erdo\u011fan personally ordered this to happen , but it 's probably an akp official in ministry . 
  it is , but it is not that different from what donald trump or nigel farage does . 
  it works , unfortunately . 
  no he does n't ( , i guess ) . 
  he says that just like father rooster trying to tell/make it believe his child that humans butcher them because they fear them not because humans eat chicken , erdo\u011fan is trying make turkish people believe that west fears turkey/turkey 's rise . 
  `` people from dersim killed by turkish government 80 years ago . . as a kurdish , i do n't have any other option than kill myself with a bomb . '', 
  how the fuck is that last resort ? 
  i 'm not saying there is n't still ongoing inequality to some degree in turkey but if that makes suicide bombing okay , then with this logic all women in the world should suicide bomb the fuck out of the men . 
  my 19 year old friend died last night in the bombing . 
  do you think he deserved this shit ? 
  do you think this young man 's life worth killing those turkish police , as this suicide bombing is totally justified ? 
  well it 's complicated . 
  there are different factions of nationalists under and beyond mhp voterbase . 
  most , if not all , supporters of mhp see ataturk as their ideal leader so they support all fundamental ideals of ataturk and secularism is one the most important ones . 
  but some turkish nationalists are devout muslims and conservative , some are more turkic nationalists ( some are far-right racists ) , some are ultra-nationalists , some kemalists and military officers vote interchangeably between chp and mhp . 
  there are probably many factions since voting is very individual and i can not know why people vote for something but these are my experiences . 
  from an objective viewpoint , it will show it consequences in the future where . 
  kurdish ( and some central , turkish ) regions in turkey are relatively underdeveloped which makes families raise more kids . 
  ( more income , more chances for one of the kids become doctor or engineer , more people to immigrate to istanbul ) , which eventually overpopulates big cities . 
  i hate istanbul 's population , it 's not a place for a reasonable person to live ( and waste tame , waiting everywhereven though it 's a beautiful place . 
  ( i only study here . ), 
  so in my opinion , the problem ( as most nationalists think ) is not that the kurdish population is rising . 
  i hope increase in kurdish population ( and thus the kurdish vote ) makes the situation better since parties will need to consider minorities . 
  the problem is istanbul is where the % 20 of an whole country of 80 million lives and it 's not getting better . 
  turkey need to develop small cities , towns and eventually villages to have living quality and services near istanbul , ankara and izmir . 
  i 've been to and stayed in small towns , villages ( where in some population is 700-800 ) in france and italy . 
  the services there were much better than most of the cities of turkey . 
  ( and i 'm not even referring only to kurdish cities . ), 
  the most priority development in a country with the size and population of turkey should be regional development . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arph88mx3z4 the complete film if anyone wants to watch . 
  unfortunately , it 's turkish with spanish subtitles . 
  yes . 
  it 's a tekel banner . 
  a common type grocery store that primarily sells alcohol . 
  they all have efes pilsner banners on them . 
  yeah , these guys are h\u00dcdapar types . 
  they 're cancer . 
  there 's also teachers and doctors . 
  oh my god , it 's like world is n't that black and white at all !, 
   is it a common ( and safe ) thing to say `` islam is cancer '' in turkey these days ? 
  certainly not directly to a religious person . 
  most mature muslims would n't mind it but probably would be uncomfortable . 
  some people will definitely be triggered and it may end up badly . 
  but atheism and agnosticism are not uncommon in secular turkish youth . 
  yeah , that 's why turkey is `` 99 % muslim '' , which obviously is not the truth .
