`` into the face of the young man who sat on the terrace of the hotel magnifique at cannes there had crept a look of furtive shame , the shifty , hangdog look which announces that an englishman is about to talk french . '' pg wodehouse the luck of the bodkins ( 1935 ) it would probably work in reverse too , 
  i did n't see his shoes flying so he must be fine . 
  i 'll go and make myself a cuppa with my inefficient kettle right now !, 
  take that brussels !, 
  the only problem is that if the gchq does it , they 're fighting terrorists , if * you * do it , you 're the terrorist . 
  i like how all this spying on everybody and gathering information by the gchq is being used to prevent this acts of terrorism . 
  do n't worry , i imagine chavs with burberry hats . 
  hungary has some amazing food . 
  but when i think of hungarian sweets i always think of [ kurtosz kolacz ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hvb5wm1.jpg ), 
  we 'll actually they do n't do tours always . 
  only at certain times of the year when lizzie is not there . 
  usually when she goes to windsor where she can see another bunch of tourist looking at her house every time she looks out . 
  most of the people going o buckingham palace do n't get inside . 
  yeah , that was strange . 
  also in london i think buckingham palace ( the guard ceremony ) gets more visitors than the british museum . 
  [ shit !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vorone%c8%9b_monastery ) it 's one of our oldest and most faimous buildings . 
  it 's not wrong , just misleading . 
  romania produces between 70 % to 85 % of it 's need for natural gas and imports the remaining 15 % to 30 % ( depending on time of year and how much we consume ) . 
  ** this imports ** are * probably * 86 % from russia . 
  if we could step up our game we would be able to have no imports from russia . 
  man , not even the `` opposition '' stand against it . 
  joke usually but it can be jest as-well . 
  and / s is for sarcasm usually . 
   i will continue my research for this community of course . 
  ( mostly drunk ) god bless your kind soul !, 
  willing to sacrifice yourself in the name of science . 
  it has to be solved by the whole europe together not just a country . 
  and it wo n't be easy . 
  hmm ... death camps !!!, 
  great idea !, 
  maybe we can ask best korea to help govern them . 
  you really should have said it in french . 
  just to keep up with the french theme of tonight . 
  stop feeding the troll dude !, 
  downvote and ignore . 
  it was a complete joke for the people because usds were not for sale in romania , but the country could trade with other countries products for usd . 
  this guy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh6nqhss4yc, 
  yeah , you 're right about that . 
  i guess i expressed myself wrong first time . 
  the money were not going in to someones pockets , what i wanted to say was that they were simply wasted on stupid things and ceausescu 's mad ideas of how romania should look like that 's why they did n't reach the people . 
  i think the swedes win at the most expensive highways in eu . 
  for different reasons though , mainly digging kms of tunnels . 
  i knew a guy who was 1/16th irish . 
  how irish would that make * me * ? 
  jaffa cakes could be a gift for any occasion . 
  i do n't think i met anyone in uk that would feel offended to receive jaffa cakes ever . 
   who said that ? 
  you must admit you did n't choose the best username for serious debates . 
  also you 've chosen eu flag not romanian so most people believe more the guy with the romanian flag when talking about romania . 
  it 's just a safe assumption to make usually . 
  regarding the money made in romania in late 80 's you can find more detailed information if you want to google a bit . 
  from what i read we were supposed to have a surplus of 11 bilion lei in '89 from production/exports/taxes . 
  at the official exchange rate of 1 usd = 15 lei that was in '89 that would have been quite a good sum of money . 
  sadly most of it would have gone into more `` mad projects '' like casa poporului , danube-black sea canal or more useless industrialization and in supporting the big factories that were running at some great deficits but could not fail due to the infallible nature of the regime . 
  can confirm the price of vhs player was equal to the price of a car ( dacia ) . 
  and even then it was n't easy to find . 
  you could rent them out much easier then buying them though . 
  the fact that the `` money '' from the economy did n't reach the people does n't mean the economy was n't producing anything . 
  the problem was , just like today , that a big chunk of those money went to very few people . 
  yeah , i looked trough this pictures thinking : `` life was really good in bucharest compared to my small town . '', 
  denmark providing freedom and bacon in the name of eu . 
  i 'm really tired of the romanian pessimism and martyr complex . 
  whenever something remotely good happens in romania we 'll find a way to shit on it . 
  fight against corruption ? 
  jail a few local barons , a few former ministers and a former prime minister that controlled the country for decades ? 
  just a few unimportant people . 
  why would anyone fight against corruption when no matter what they do we will tell them they 've done nothing and find a way to discredit them ? 
  this are not populist moves . 
  they are most likely due to pressures from outside the country but they happen . 
  and then we get to complain about how other countries see us . 
  do n't forget to mention that we 're working on that as-well . 
  there 's been a huge wave of corrupted politician going to jail and more seem to follow . 
  i know that after 25 years of corruption is hard to be positive but the truth is we are moving forward . 
  let 's hope for the best !, 
  i lived in london for five years an met quite a few different people from different countries and of different beliefs : muslims , christians , hindu , sikhs etc. 
  the one thing i got from most of them was that almost always their children were more british than whatever nationality they were so less willing to be radical than their parents . 
  they understand easier the culture they live in than the one their parents grew up with so they will much easier identify with the british culture an shun extremism . 
  of course you will always have a few extremists but even if the muslim population grows you will get more british children than extremists . 
  the problem is only the extremists are visible . 
  nothing like that . 
  usually the most simple answers are the true ones . 
  most gypsies in europe come from romania and bulgaria , and most countries from the western europe do n't want them in since they tend to be very hard to assimilate and integrate due to various circumstances , but this countries can not openly campaign against gypsies because that would be racism . 
  so we get to this situation not necessary because of the peoples in this countries but mostly due to politicians and media who tend to scare and bully people with only the bad side of everything . 
  you will not see any reports in the media or political campaigns about romanians and bulgarians , living in a western country , who wake up every morning and go to work and pay their taxes but you will see every single bad thing reported , sometime exaggerated . 
  i 'm romanian . 
  i would like to consider myself european one day , but atm we 're kind of pushed away and looked down to a bit too much to have that feeling . 
  maybe not everybody is a * super * swede ... 
  as another east-european i doubt any politician is `` clean '' . 
  even the * western * politicians are corrupted to some level , here in the east , especially at top level the corruption is pretty high . 
  i think it 's normal for them to be more aggressive in the ghettos . 
  the ghettos formed , just like in us with the black people , from a need to have a place to get away from the people that oppresses them . 
  the ghetto it 's the place where a gypsy can be a gypsy without any trouble from the oppressing majority , so when they see you walking in it 's like the kid who 's bullied in school and sees the bully walking into his house . 
  does n't matter what your intentions are you are a symbol of the oppressor reaching out for them in their safe place . 
  this things happen mostly instinctual without them trying to analyze their reasons . 
  hope that makes sense . 
  do you think they live there because they refused the nice houses in the city/town ? 
  would you * choose * to live like that ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is you have to look at the big picture . 
  at first look it does look like an apocalypse world .
