  it 's probably from the june 2013 edition of ng magazine . 
  most magazines tend to be published before the beginning of the month they represent . 
  why ? 
  no clue ... 
  that apartment would be a bitch to heat in the winter ... 
  engineers are quite needed in norway , very easy to get a job as an engineer if you 're a capable one ... 
  `` sheep shaggers '' is the term you 're looking for ... , 
  that picture says bucovina at the bottom left . 
  i know it was a joke . 
  i was just saying in case there would be people getting their pants on fire over racism again ... 
  romania does n't really have that strong economy and top living condition to attract foreigners . 
  that 's why this maps is very close to an economic power map . 
  richer countries attract more migrants from poorer countries . 
  poor countries do n't attract migrants from poor countries because is generally better to be poor at home than in another country , 
  sir , no feeding the troll , please !, 
  and chavs ... 
  it was a joke , relax !, 
  the americans speak louder , 
  gypsies are european too : ) just to fuck with your picking order :d, 
  wow ... clearly seeing the impact of the city of london in uk 's economy . 
  i 'm here for quite some time ... 
  i hear `` i ca n't be bothered '' all the time in uk . 
  well , i 'll agree with him . 
   uk should stay in the eu while uk moaned and complained a lot it was also part of the opposition for many eu laws . 
  if they were on the good or bad side does n't really matter , a government with no opposition is never a good thing . 
  there should always be an advocate for the other side of the story . 
  just my $ 0.02 . 
  yeah , i 've been to a uni the other day and all i saw was a quarter british student ... 
  this sums it up without getting to much into detail : http://www.globalresearch.ca/why-tony-blair-is-a-war-criminal-who-should-be-on-trial-in-the-hague/5303545, 
  as a romanian living in uk for quite some time i keep wondering why is he still free ? 
  are all the inquires ( war in iraq ) just throwing dust in peoples eyes ? 
  or are people just being dumbed down via the sun , mail , dancing with stars etc to actually care anymore ? 
  i agree with your point . 
  i do n't believe the current system works anymore . 
  decentralization would help , but is a nightmare to apply . 
  small mistakes could have horrible consequences . 
  my point was , however , that directly implying the citizens , as it was done in iceland to create the new constitution , get more and more difficult the bigger and more diverse the population gets . 
  the icelanders were all united in what they wanted so giving them that was easy . 
  is very easy to satisfy a group , no matter how big , * if * they all want the same thing . 
  however increasing the population and ethnic and cultural diversity , at the scale of eu , you will get maybe hundreds of large groups wanting different things . 
  at that level random picking of citizens to participate in a legal debate or creating a constitution gets to be an almost impossible task . 
  that 's why i said the icelandic model does n't work on bigger scales . 
  i 'm not able , of course , master !, 
  good job detective !, 
   and by `` it 's all '' you mean `` selectively what i choose too see '' , right ? 
  next time i just try to make a new user ... 
  well your whole argument/rant has absolutely nothing to do with my point . 
  but seeing you just made an account i will assume you 're just a bad troll so i wo n't bother trying to explain anything to you . 
  good luck on your further trolling attempts !, 
  what a lot of people seam to fail to understand is that iceland is a very small country . 
  some things can be done in small communities but ca n't be done on a large scale . 
  iceland 's population is around half a million , that 's less than a big city , is a medium size city scale . 
  and it has a pretty uniform demographic . 
  a medium size city like that can be govern by it 's mayor and community much easier and more democratic than a big nation . 
  in comparison , london alone has about 20 times the population of iceland and if it were to become independent , it could be governed much easier than the whole of uk due to smaller size and lower population . 
  even though iceland is doing a great job for itself , the icelandic model can not be applied to big countries . 
  i think , * that * problem with the `` newspapers '' ( read tabloids ) , is not particularly limited to the uk . 
  you 're right ( no pun intended ) !, 
  they are not `` far-right '' , i 've expressed myself wrong there . 
  what i ment was they tend to gravitate towards the right and the lib-dems are pulling them back towards the center . 
  keeping the balance towards center-right . 
   it 's amazing how few people actually seem to understand how parliamentarism works . 
  that 's because traditionaly in uk you have only one party in goverment and one in the opposition . 
  the third party , the lib-dems , where always seem more like a `` rebel vote '' as opposed to a serious contender . 
  for a long time it was always labour ( socialists ) vs torries.one in the goverment the other in the opposition . 
  this coalition is an important step forward for uk , in my oppinnion . 
  let 's say that the torries tend to go more to the ~ ~ far ~ ~ - right nowadays without the lib-dems forcing them towards the center-right . 
  two of the most importants points in wich the lib-dems strongly opposed the torries were uk 's exit from eu and the privatization of the nhs ( national health service ) . 
  for that nick clegg and the lib-dems get no love , only hate over the `` broken promisses '' . 
  the man got a lot of grief in uk , mostly because of his students loan blunder ( which was well deserved , he should have not based his campaign ; on that ) . 
  what lots of people seem to fail to understand is that we have a coalition in power , not nick or dave . 
  people expected clegg to full fill every promise from his campaign and i 'm sure he would have done the best he could if he would 've won . 
  but he did n't . 
  and say whatever you want of him and his lack of experience , i 'm really happy he is where he is and we do n't have a fully conservative government . 
  dave , with nobody to keep him in check and straight forwardly oppose him , is pretty much the worst thing that could have happen to uk . 
  same in romania . 
  i was just trying to point out the origin of the `` halloween '' name . 
  [ all saints day ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_saints'_day ) is an old western christian tradition . 
  the day was also known as all hallows day , therefore the night before it was known as `` all hallows eve '' or simply `` hallows eve '' wich is where the name of `` halloween '' came from . 
  how about the bailiwicks of guernsey and jersey ? 
  isle of man ... 
  dude , no offence ... moldova . 
  in romania 1st of november is known as the `` day of the dead '' . 
  certainly there 's some older roots , than the american consumerism , to this night . 
  trust me !, 
  `` all done by those bloody immigrants of course ! '', 
  - the daily mail . 
  roma or romani , not roman ( s ) . 
  romans are the people who made the roman empire , originating from rome and they have absolutely nothing to do with roma/romani populations or the other way around . 
  also romanians = / = romani/roma . 
  carefully how you deal with romans . 
  [ they might try to take over again ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_empire ), 
  i really do n't know what the problems is but here 's the solution . 
  easy !, 
  that 's why the two of you , armchair politicians and sociologists , are getting downvoted . 
  where in my post am i ** implicitly ** defending racial violence ? 
  i was trying to explain the situation to people , like you , who have a solution without knowing the problem . 
  racial violence is a crime in romania , just like any other violence . 
  somebody attacking a gipsy , or roma ( not romani , though ) , is treated just like somebody attacking a romanian . 
  the only racist bit is that we do n't make it a * special * case .
