  no in both cases i guess . 
  * ask the family about their own family , the case will be yes . 
  * ask isis about any of the families and the answer will be no, 
   it 's more a romeo & juliet story . 
  and everyone dies . 
  so , very much romeo & juliet ... :(, 
  muslims mainly bomb each other though ... : - /, 
  i 'd remove the tv show . 
  it has outlived itself only to become a piece of garbage . 
  fort boyard ? 
  i 'm waiting to see what the motives might have been . 
  that 's why you import serbs and other riffraff to take care of the gang part . 
  and sweden . 
  they do that outside the private jewish school in stockholm too ... dare to guess why ? 
  [ do n't know ... 
  americans ? 
  ] ( http://www.news.com.au/entertainment/tv/cnn-is-very-confused-about-australia-and-austria/news-story/cd45b9f1f4d602d7d89c6c469c593c94 ), 
  i 'd just link wikipedia ... in german . 
  just because the name says one thing does n't mean that it 's the case . 
  we say koalabj\u00f6rn ( koala bear ) in swedish too . 
  the rise of a dicator . 
  that 's what you are witnessing . 
  thanks for a very informative answer . 
  they are already doing that and they will cut more . 
  it has hit elderly and disabled pretty hard so far . 
  and bookkeepers . 
  and equity managers . 
  ah , good old eastern europe ;-), 
  blaming it on industry moving away is an oversimplification too . 
  the most major reason is the change in demographics . 
  people with shit education ( mainly non-swedes ) moving there when there 's a very limited amount of jobs outside the knowledge industries . 
  ever heard of sweden and the city of malm\u00f6 ? 
  malm\u00f6 has twice the national average of unemployment and that 's just because of migration . 
  and it 's rising . 
  m\u00f6lkky is nothing like kubb . 
  the only simlarity is in wooden pieces being thrown . 
  not really . 
  it was outside consultants who cooked the books . 
  yeah , it 'd be interesting to see them leverage it against the eu without leaving nato . 
  [ there are a few nato countries in the eu and europe . 
  ] ( https://philebersole.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/27602.gif ), 
  and how many accidental deaths are there from guns in that state ? 
  than *, 
  british . 
  they 've been in the uk for decades or centuries . 
  i 'm pretty sure pikies ( gypsies ) are a bigger problem than romanian migrants in the uk ... 
  do n't sweat it . 
  from tallink-silja they 're banned i think . 
  but it feels like they 're omnipresent when you 're on viking line . 
  mainly the daytime ferries that leave port in the morning and get to the other port in the evening . 
  you 're talking about the beggars though , i 'm talking about native swedish or finnish romani ( they 've been here for centuries ) . 
  they are fairly crooked in their ways and have a really bad reputation as thieves , but they look nothing like the romani beggars , 
  i 'm not just refering to this last wave . 
  i 'm talking about all the people arriving the past 10 years or more . 
  the last wave really messed things up though . 
  swedish housing market is regulated to shit and has price caps on rental properties . 
  we do n't have price caps and a free flowing housing market . 
  there 's never really an issue getting your hands on appartments . 
  add to that that you actually own your appartment when you buy one unlike in sweden where you buy the right of access to an appartment makes a big difference . 
  it 's not classed as a second hand contract by any sort when you rent out an appartment that you own here . 
  there are no wierd regulations from the housing company that your appartment is in if you want to rent it out so you can simply rent your appartment out if you so find fit . 
  no need for renewing the contract every 2 years either or whatever you have as a maximum limit of renting out `` bostadsr\u00e4tt '' in sweden . 
  the queue for public housing is also way shorter in finland ... but yeah , it 's a bit unfair comparing sweden and finland since finland has n't taken in the same amount of refugees that need housing . 
  ask how many romani that travel on the viking line ferries and you no doubt will get an extremely inflated number ... they are however on basically every damn ferry between turku and stockholm , so it 's understandable . 
  and they do stand out a lot with their huge dresses . 
   taxes are n't even that high . 
  especially while you still operate in lower brackets . 
  lower than swedens taxes . 
  my gf pays 8 % more taxes in sweden than i do in finland with the same income . 
   it 's the housing market that has gone above and beyond stupid . 
  works a lot better than the swedish market . 
  sweden is a hell-hole when it comes to beaurocracy compared to finland though . 
  ( and higher income taxes too ), 
  i wonder how they keep track of how many muslims there are in sweden . 
  afaik they do n't register if someone is a muslim or not there . 
  there were 8 grenade attacks last summer http://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/skane/flera-handgranatsattacker-i-sommar apparently they are cheaper than icecream http://www.svt.se/nyheter/lokalt/skane/billigare-att-kopa-handgranat-an-en-falafel svt is the public broadcasting company in sweden . 
  freedom of religion does n't mean you need to be catered to though . 
  they can do their prayers at home or silently in their heads . 
  malm\u00f6 is vibrant and interesting . 
  extra interesting with the occasional throwing of handgrandes . 
  yeah and practicing a religion in a public space is n't a right . 
  you have a right to your religion but that does n't mean that you are allowed to interrupt classes or have a right to special accommodations to practice your religion . 
  we did a prayer before lunch when i was a kid in finland . 
  something along those lines . 
  it 's essentially a blessing of the food . 
  i ca n't remember the rest of the blessing . 
  i went to a regular public school . 
  they also banned imports of a fuck ton of food items . 
  i think he 's referring to import of inferior cultures with the intent of creating multi culturalism , not the import of better cultures . 
  and yes , if your culture considers being raped to be a crime , then it 's inferior to most other cultures out there . 
  yeah those are some really old and wierd figures . 
  [ for example in western finland \\ ( ostrobothnia \\ ) they recycle or incinerate 96 % of all the waste created by the surrounding communities . 
  ] ( http://www.stormossen.fi/om_foretaget ) ( in swedish unfortunately ), 
  yeah , i 'm wondering that too . 
  we recycle a shit load of stuff in finland . 
  but we often burn a lot of stuff too for use in central heating and such . 
  same for sweden . 
  there they even import garbage from norway just to burn it for heating . 
  black people in the us probably still hold the record though ... : - / edit : hispanics might be up there too . 
  someone 's bitter over jobs moving to poland instead of the uk ?
