  hardly anyone does that . 
  if i did n't know better i 'd even say that the game was invented by the tv-advertisement industry . 
  til about our southern neighbour, 
   `` but it is the only country in the world without immigration rules . '', 
  and the nordic countries . 
  \u263b / this is muhammed , or as some people call him , the prophet . 
  / \u258c / \\ is that the guy ? 
  what do you mean , should ? 
  is n't that what we are already doing ? 
  as humans ? 
  no , but as contributing parts in a functioning social democratic society , yes . 
  they 're pretty much worthless the same way as a severely handicapped person is . 
  and doctors, 
   because with low employment , high ( relative ) social welfare and influx of refugees , the chances for actually solving anything drops majorly . 
  that 's finland . 
  we should open swetshops !, 
  so say we all . 
  finland has 1 year processing time for asylum atm . 
  stereotypes exist for a reason after all . 
  i prefer not . 
  if i dont get suicidal from the darkness , finnish tango certainly will get me over the edge . 
  damn that shit is depressing . 
  generally speaking it goes something like this . 
  finns sitting in a corner having their merry time with some beers . 
  americans arrive being all loud and obnoxious . 
  same goes for swedes actually . 
  they are also loud and obnoxious as fuck when drunk . 
  i 'm a swedish speaking finn , so you can see me as a half-breed . 
  can confirm that the knife have n't ever really been for killing other people in finnish culture . 
  ca n't confirm the axe part . 
  traditionally you just cut people with the knife , you did n't stab . 
  you did n't want to kill anyone , just leave a mark . 
  who said anything about speaking ? 
  i asked if he wanted to have a beer ... in text . 
  for us finnish people it 's a rule that you either speak or drink . 
  not both . 
  the sweet fermented juice of grapes , i can go for that . 
  finland here , can confirm . 
  sweden is totally gay . 
  see scandinavia and the world for reference . 
  hey denmark . 
  i promise not to bring out the knife , unless you want me to . 
  can i sell some of my unborn for it ? 
  i can sell them per thousands ... 
  well , you 'll implement article 50 in a few months , so it 's not `` that '' bad :p, 
  working in the social sector i can say that there 's a shit ton of people i 'd support this suggestion for . 
  preferably permanently . 
  afaik the car free day in the \u00c5land islands usually ai n't a sunday . 
  but if it was , people would care even less since there 's no public transport to speak of . 
  even less on sundays . 
  not if you live in the los angeles of scandinavia , i.e. 
  the \u00c5land islands . 
  you ca n't do shit without a car here . 
  so nobody really cares about the car free day . 
  everyone still takes the car to work :p, 
  it 's a bit heavy and costs 12000 though, 
  fairly difficult to mount and operate on a drone though . 
  the point of the 18x camera is not to get onto the private property . 
  18x optical zoom + a few x more in digital zoom allows you to be preeeettty far away . 
  edit : i was wrong about the digital zoom . 
  the camera is only 2mp , so it does n't allow for digital zoom . 
  it 's fine . 
  we have drones with zoom now if we want to spy on people . 
  18x zoom and 16mp stills should go quite a long way if you want to see what 's inside those walls without getting in and above his property . 
  i was to serbia last week , they are actually worse than greece when it comes to smoking . 
  you can smoke anywhere and nobody bats an eye . 
  it 's like finland in the 90s . 
  ciggs are cheap as fuck there though . 
  no , only in some cases . 
  not all reviews are paid . 
  in marketing for example they are n't really paid but reviewing us a prerequisite to be eligible for publication yourself . 
  it 's not like it 's a major cost to host and serve those papers . 
  say at max a few million per year . 
  [ / u/jackkieser made a good explanation why it 's not wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/4y52jk/frances_prime_minister_has_backed_the_banning_of/d6l9k98 )  this goes back to the philosophical issue of the tolerance of intolerance , or more broadly of whether objective moral truths exist or not . 
  western democracies , such as france , have self-determined that there are objective moral truths in the universe , of which include concepts of non-intervention ; of personal freedom ; and of religious freedom . 
   the problem , however , is that western philosophies do n't have room in them for unlimited freedom or tolerance . 
  some things may not be tolerated . 
  this is lost on many observers of western philosophy , especially the uninformed who see the bill of rights and incorrectly assume that the protections and tolerances they afford are unlimited ( which is not the case ; there are many exceptions in place , both legally and ethically , concerning the rights laid out in that particular document ) . 
  as an example relating specifically to religious tolerance , even a `` deeply held '' religious belief in the spiritual power of snake handling is not protected in the states because of the great risk untrained professionals have , both towards themselves and others , of injury when handling snakes . 
   the question always remains : when discussing tolerance , where is the ( inevitable ) line in the sand going to be drawn between acts / ideas which can reasonably be tolerated and those which are so harmful that they can not be tolerated in good conscience ? 
  this line is different by country , society , and person . 
  for america , generally speaking , we take a consequentialist approach : what are the ( expected or probable ) consequences of something ? 
  if good , then allow it ; if bad , then ban it . 
  for france , however , this line is drawn at intention . 
  if an act or idea is intended to infringe on other rights or the intention is to cause harm , then france is not morally obligated to tolerate it , by their estimation . 
   this is how they can justify the bans on headscarves and `` burquinis '' without being inconsistent : the intention of these particular pieces of clothing are to control and subjugate women . 
  even if in consequence a particular woman is n't being subjugated , that does n't mean that the purpose of the clothing , in a broad sense , is not to subjugate and / or control . 
  this has a reinforcing effect ; a woman who is raised to believe that they are lesser or property / chattel of men will see other women wearing clothing designed to subjugate and will fall further prey to abuse . 
  in this way , the `` religious liberty '' argument of muslims / islamists loses out to the more primary issue of general human rights and personal freedom . 
   this does have a secondary effect of being a practical legislation on women 's clothing , essentially doing what islamists are doing : taking control away from women . 
  however , remember that for france , the issue is intention . 
  in the case of the french government , their intention is to increase freedom in a general sense : yes , women can not wear 2 particular pieces of clothing , but what they gain in return is political and social power ; self-respect ; responsibility ; and freedom from the control of men . 
  to the french , this is an attractive trade-off . 
   so , while at first glance this may seem counter-productive , to the french , when working from the operative assumption of intentionality , this is not counter to their goals at all . 
  the ban on clothing may be paternalistic , yes , but that 's something they accept for their broader goals . 
  so did finland, 
  and why are you neet ? 
  `` budget cutbacks '' ;-), 
  depends on who you are asking the question and who you are asking it about ... * one family about the other ?
