  there 's no way that there are as many that earn 3500 + as there are sub 3500 . 
  afaik around 3000-3500 is average , 2500 is median . 
  2500 before taxes , 1800 after ... aprox . 
  that 's the median . 
  average is 3500 or 3700 before taxes , or it used to be at least . 
  at sol ? 
  can confirm , am a swedish speaking finn . 
  the nile city 105.6 sketches with pelle are of the same level of humor and really entertaining . 
  mainly it 's about killing pets . 
  i 'd love to link something but svt the swedish public broadcasting company has started being cunts and enforcing copyright on youtube . 
  maybe should offer a translation and explanation this is an ad for rye bread , which is really popular to eat in finland . 
  kid cuts his finger . 
  father : `` are you hungry or not ? '', 
  text : hard as life . 
  it 's said that most drownings in finland happen while the pants are pulled down . 
  ( people standing in the boat pissing over the railing and falling in while drunk ), 
  among natives it 's quite uncommon , yes . 
  unless a parent is finnish speaking that is . 
  swedish speaking finn here . 
  swedish and english + some finnish and german . 
  hey we have literally the same saying in swedish . 
  `` se ej given h\u00e4st i mun ''  so that 's kind of funny . 
  but if you want to know , and did n't find out already , finland mainly uses hornets . 
  they are in the process of getting new planes now though . 
  do n't know if they 've decided what to get yet . 
  might be that they go for jas , i 'm unsure . 
  the finnish airforce swastika has nothing to do with nazism . 
  there is a limited amount of gold on earth . 
  gold however is unlimited in the form of a tradable commodity , [ the physical product however , that is very much limited ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-21969100 ) and relatively hard to get by . 
  1 . literally everyone 's doing that . 
  2 . you would n't be subletting the appartment by sharing the rent with a friend or gf if their name is on the lease . 
  going for the 1400 + euro range and you probably wo n't have any issues finding places if you do n't mind sharing with someone , like an so or a friend . 
  there 's no shortage of homes . 
  they 're just too god damn expensive in stockholm for example . 
  the shortage is when it comes to affordable housing . 
  it 's one of the dumbest fucking things a nordic politician ever has said . 
  `` we have room , let them come '' well , yeah , sure ... let 's let them come . 
  we 'll give everyone a fucking fiskars hatchet and they can build their own damn logg cabins . 
  and the vice-pm cried like a little bitch . 
  finland , sweden and norway scramble jets all the time to intercept russians who come to piss us off by testing our airspace . 
  sandals in winter ? 
  it 's not like they do n't have winters in syria . 
  hell , they had snow this year before we did in finland . 
  yeah , the .22 is a pretty common hunting rifle . 
  i ca n't say how common it is to have the semi-automatic where i come from though . 
  i think i know one person with a semi .22 ... withe silencer and night scope :p ( actually he 's dead now , but i knew a guy who had that :( ) . 
  except from him i think i 've only seen people with bolt action . 
  i read less people die , not less people alive . 
  the swedish king is banned from getting politically involved in actual matters . 
  saunas are banned in sweden i think ( note that i 'm finnish ) . 
  they only have rooms slightly over room temperature . 
  but no , generally you do n't burn wood to heat a sauna . 
  we use electric heaters . 
  wood stoves are only used at summer cottages and such where electricity is limited and wood is abundant . 
  swimming pools recycle water . 
  bathtubs do n't . 
  you do n't fill a pool every week . 
  you may empty it once a year maybe . 
  no , more people die = less emissions overall, 
  is ... is n't that kind of the point of democracy ? 
  rule by majority ? 
  also : why compare with a hell hole in africa when we are talking about europe ? 
  we also use semi automatics , mainly shotguns , for hunting . 
  some did actually end up sleeping outside in below freezing, 
  that is correct . 
  add one of the unexpectedjihad extentions to your browser too , then you ca n't see what sub it is either . 
  not just black people . 
  we hate gypsies too . 
  and they ( gypsies ) hate each other . 
  it 's nice with clan structures . 
  gypsies are responsible for a large amount of shoplifting here . 
  lucky them . 
  ( they are a criminal problem in finland when it comes to small crimes ), 
  ca n't get into the us without fingerprint passport afaik though . 
  it 's mandatory in finland at least . 
  i watched the latest bond movie in stockholm last night and kept getting irritated with the bad translations in the subtitles . 
  : / so , not even in the best country in the world when it comes to english skills ( non native ) you 'll get really good translations . 
  how unhygenic . 
  that 's retarded . 
  it 's not islamophobic , it 's common fucking sense to condemn genocide , murder , rape , mutilations , and destruction of world heritages . 
  did i miss some atrocity ? 
  that says quite a lot about how more efficiently money is spent via the un than bringing people to our countries . 
  a child without parents coming to sweden today costs 500-650 euro per day at this moment . 
  yes , the swedes are insane . 
  they had a failed integration program from before with reffugees getting into the workplace at a percentage of 60 % after 15 years . 
  so , that 's cheap and all . 
  meanwhile their wellfare system is collapsing . 
  i know of an efficient solution ... not a very popular one though, 
  yup  it 's a must !, 
  it 's a cauldron of mainly swedes and swedish speaking finns . 
  but there 's like 90 different nationalities living on the island . 
  [ well , you 're on point , because the danes ca n't understand it either . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/s-moy8vuebk ), 
  well , the social democrats in the \u00c5land islands , an autonomous region of finland , called the non-aligned coalition party rasists and nazis too . 
  and it was their party leader at that . 
  the party is right wing and critical of the acceptance of reffugees without having a good long term plan and the party does n't want to accept more than they have to either . 
  so , keeping a level head and looking to keep the boat afloat apparntly is racist nowadays . 
  but i ca n't really expect anything less anymore from social democrats in the nordics . 
  and imminent volcanic eruptions, 
  but they are n't fucking applying for political asylum .
