  well ... it works because the collective agreements are `` law '' . 
  god no , we do n't have a minimum wage in finland . 
  but for example a waiter working at a restaurant with full alcohol rights earns around 10-11 / h. 
  there are so many various factors to take into account if i 'd tell you a minimum wage that i wo n't bother . 
  but a school child can earn 85 % of the collective agreement stipulated minimum wage afaik . 
  after that it 's all up to the industry what the minimum wage is . 
   why ?!, 
  ftfy , 
  and in finland i 'm dissatisfied with $ 15/h, 
  but it sucks as hell for us consumers in ~ ~ scandinavia ~ ~ the nordics when we do all our importing in usd . 
  nobody in finland is surprised, 
  you can throw them at pikeys, 
  in finland we never had them . 
  finland is the largest consumer of coffee in the world so i do n't think that 's the case . 
  thx for educating . 
  shitty correlation is funny . 
  could more or less have been from this site http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations, 
  because `` nobody '' really cares about what 's happening in the middle east as long as they 're only killing each other ? 
  he 's saying they 're all gay so it does n't matter ... or that they do n't have balls . 
  either way , finland here chiming in with support of the statement . 
  i do n't know about romania and bulgaria , but necrofilia is generally frowned upon in the nordic countries . 
  to explain : i 'm comparing the view of bulgarians and romanians that you get when visiting sweden . 
  they all look the same when they 're sitting on the curb begging for money . 
  as a finn who 've visited sweden : it 's all the same . 
  the damn f-35 is what one usually calls vaporware . 
  it has taken a trillion dollars and the damn thing is n't even close to production yes . 
  f35 ... `` yay '' ... that 's a black hole for money . 
  you see it go in and you 'll never see that return to the light of day . 
  in finland a guy was convicted in accordance with the current blasphemy law as late as 2001 or something . 
  are we calling refugees migrants now ? 
  everything seems to be migrants nowadays . 
  beggars are apparently eu migrants too . 
  because it allows their population free movement in the eu . 
  every damn country is flooded with beggars now . 
  i think we should n't help refugee boats that are sinking in the mediterranean . 
  i might even support help sinking more of them on international waters . 
  in / r/sweden they had an ama with a secularized gypsy recently . 
  they seem like a good bunch . 
  one would n't know he was one unless you knew him . 
  so , there are exceptions ... not many , but a few . 
  taking romania into the eu was a huge mistake too if you ask me . 
  they could move to malta where there also are quite a sizeable amount of betting companies ... 
  oh god , no . 
  please do n't . 
  paint her green and bring her to \u00c5land and dump her in `` slemmern '' next to mariehamn . 
  nobody will find her . 
  that 'd be fucking hilarious . 
  the offended level amound the `` batikk\u00e4rringar '' would be over 9000 and the tabloids would run with it for a whole week and finland would ... well ... we always do , but we 'd laugh at the rediculousness of that too ... ( note as fyi : we do have `` batikk\u00e4rring '' in finland too . 
  they 're called `` flower hats '' or `` kukkahattuja '' . 
  we do , and a a presidential helicopter too . 
  when they visit \u00c5land they usually come with that . 
  and sweden is actually going over to dd.mm.yyyy for drivers licenses . 
  expiration dates on food stuff also has ddmmyyyy their drivers licenses since 2013 should have that . 
  ( swedish language wikipedia ) https://www.wikiwand.com/sv/iso_8601 `` p\u00e5 k\u00f6rkort i sverige anv\u00e4nds dd.mm.\u00c5\u00c5\u00c5\u00c5 ( dag.m\u00e5nad.\u00e5r ) fr\u00e5n den 19 januari 2013 . 
  unless you are swedish , yes . 
  they use year month day . 
  they are confused as hell every time they look at a finnish drivers license . 
  `` they be like 94th of what month now ?! '', 
  there are 5-6 million people in the world speaking finnish ... it 's rather useless . 
  i see no reason what so ever to feel nationalistic over the language . 
  dried fish is a known national dish up there ... or it used to be at least . 
  it was in geographical order , or if you want it can be in chronological order too ... 
  the convention of demilitarization of the \u00c5land islands 1856 and the neutralization of 1921 . 
  both are still valid . 
  hence we 've had various minitary forces come here to drive away those damn russians who do n't give a fuck . 
  actually germany is looking after the demilitarization and neutralization too ... we have quite a few consulates here . 
  \u00c5land is under the protection of england , france , sweden and finland ... soooo , we do n't really need our own army ;-) the benefit of international treaties . 
  you and what army ? 
  it happens , 
  5:3 is about crimes against life and health . 
  which paragraph would referr me to ? 
  / r/alandislands is represented in the video . 
  you are welcome over for a chat and we 'll try and answer any questions you may have . 
  you are welcome to come here and and ask people what they think of others who are easily offended . 
   then again ... in a country where people do n't talk to strangers and everyone thinks everyone else is a cunt untill proven otherwise , how can one get offended ? 
  insult ... 
  i guess you are referring to slander ? 
  i 'd love to see that law in sweden . 
  everyone 's offended all the fucking time there . 
  you should ask a swede , 
  yeah , written on the phone ... damn auto correct, 
  or romania could start taking care of their population so people did n't need to go begging all over europe . 
  then again , it 's mostly romanis and they do n't want help anyway . 
  i 'm thinking of porsche holding gmbh . 
  sorry bout ' that . 
  try it and i 'll cut you with my pukko , but not before i shoot you with one of my five licenced hunting rifles , you wannabe german !, 
  yes , yes i 'm finnish . 
  the headquarter is in salzburg . 
  i did n't say there was a problem with them . 
  i 'm just pointing out that there are stereotypes about us in the nordics that are n't just `` we 're awesome '' . 
  i also forgot iceland - beautiful people ... and of course ... swedes are gay !, 
  austria ... you have porsche . 
  is n't that good enough ? 
  [ reference for people who do n't know ] ( https://youtu.be/s-moy8vuebk ), 
   yeah , everyone has to deal with their own stereotypes . 
  mafia , corruption , spaghetti ? 
  ( unless you 're a nordic , then your stereotype 's about how awesome you are ) nordic , yes ... 
  the nationalities by themselves ... well , not so much . 
  swedes - the humanitarian consciousness of the world , so they accept a fuckton of reffugees . 
  on top of that they 're a bunch of pussies .
