  like maroccans kids are a group with a large portion of assholes who deserve a good beating , it sounds . 
  `` sweden 's always better at hockey '', 
  sweden 's better at hockey !, 
  nothing wrong with romanians . 
  the issue is romani . 
  that 's why people dislike romania . 
  it 's the same here . 
  the islands have a population of 28k and we have 16k roedeer here . 
  on average there 's one deer accident with a car every day because of how many there are . 
  i saw 6 roedeers just last night , at three difference occations , two at a time . 
  wan na see those fuckers , go to the \u00c5land islands . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  more probable with diesel generator , but the principle is the same . 
  they are made from reinforced concrete and possibly have large glass surfaces . 
  glass and reinforced concrete are signal killers . 
  that 's why my friend added 3g-repeaters inside their office . 
  their signal was absolute shit before that . 
  maybe no grid connection . 
  but they surely do have a generator . 
  there 's even a light switch on the far right in the third picture . 
  [ telia sonera covers like 70 % of the country with 4g now . 
  dos n't really work that well in the winter due to the geography ... https://www.wikiwand.com/en/inari,_finland the sun never really rises above the horizon ... for a couple months . 
  that 's what happens when you see incompetence in the municipalities and when you 're dissatisfied with the government . 
  the finns party is one of the current ruling parties . 
  / r/place, 
  the attitude of reddit is `` everyone is wrong except me '' , 
  well , it would be awesome if there was a key to this map . 
  what the hell do the various colors mean ? 
  joint exercise operation with nato . 
  less than a week actually . 
  http://www.svensksoldat.se/yrke_lon.html the pay is shit . 
  around $ 1600 - $ 2000/mo a second lieutenant with 3 years of studies at the military academy wo n't make a whole lot more than a private . 
  that 'd be so funny to see in the papers . 
  i wonder if there 's popcorn to go around for all of us . 
  [ or maybe it 's the lack of cool showreels ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/cos-ci6vwkk ) this one is from the finnish armed forces . 
  well ... like the rest have said ... we already have free higher education , free healthcare , and the pension is taken care of . 
  leadership experience is basically what you might get and you 'll have an easier time getting into for example the border patrol in finland for example if you 've been a member of the military . 
  but yeah , we do n't really have any special benefits for serving . 
  when thinking about europe people do n't really think about portugal being down there on the edge anyway , so it 's pretty natural not to take them into account . 
  but you can fit a bar into that . 
  [ svenskfinland is a pretty large area of costal finland ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/svenskfinland ), 
  parts of turku is svenskfinland , yes . 
  in broad terms that means that turku as a whole is part of svenskfinland . 
   for pizzas , i recommend seafood . 
  me must be mental . 
  seafood should not be heated as a pizza topping . 
  when we talk pizza yes . 
  but there 's a shit load of other dishes which recieve the suffix or prefix hawaii just by adding pineapple to it . 
  mods do n't seem to agree with you . 
  you have n't ? 
  i 've seen it in quite a few places . 
  but it sure depends on which pizzeria you go to . 
  if you put blue cheese and pineapple on it it 's called an americana in finland , 
  anything with has pineapple on it is called something hawaii since the 80 in the nordics . 
  do n't you mean the talking orange ? 
  that god damn irritating talking orange ? 
  `` hey , apple ! '', 
  and people have the legal right not to order a hawaii pizza if they do n't like it . 
  that only matters if you 're a gamer . 
  well , we know . 
  we feel the same :d, 
  in the meme videos from around europe where they inform trump about their respective country finland called denmark `` stupid sweden '' , 
  not to mention less addictive . 
  american beer can be great , but your major brands , bud , corrs , and miller are horrible . 
  not in its entirety , but a large share is owned by the swedish-finnish telco telia-sonera  not that that 's relevant in this case , i just wanted to point it out . 
  we be cray cray :d, 
  well ... 
  i would n't go that far as saying that ... you had plenty of nasty stuff during early and mid 20th century ... , 
  that was pre-2015 , right ? 
  yeah ... 10 or 11 years or so . 
  that 's when finland won the eurovision song contest . 
  it 's the same in sweden . 
  saint petersburg has more population that finland even . 
  and now you 're just greek ... so , an alcoholic ... but it 's fine the weather is a lot warmer there , so that gives some social acceptance to peoples drinking habbits , 
  as long as it 's not windy -20 is n't that bad . 
  you should look into the autonomy of the \u00e5land islands in finland . 
  we 've got a pretty well working solution over here for the past hundred years or so . 
  the intouchables ( french ), 
  i know the language of the country i live in . 
  it 's swedish or finnish . 
  and the region of the country i live in is protected by law to be monolingual swedish . 
  because i do n't speak finnish  i 'm a native swedish speaker . 
  finland is a bilingual country , much like canada ( for those who do n't know ) . 
  in swedish it 's `` punktknulleri '' - `` dot fucking '' :d the german version of splitting hairs can also be used `` h\u00e5rklyveri '', 
  words might hurt me , but / r/romanias sticks and stones will never break my bones . 
  i 'm afraid that / r/estonia might have such advanced technology compared to that in / r/finland that they might not be able to recieve said transmissions anymore . 
  i also worry about what / r/russia might do with their newly acquired high tech systems for governing their country . 
  it might increase their efficiency in regards to public spending on maintainance allowing them to increase military spending . 
  i admit to nothing . 
  i want my lawyer . 
  why is everyone on / r/finlandconspiracy all of a sudden ? 
  i did a film shoot with a woman who 's 104 ( dagny carlsson ) staring as the main character just a couple weeks ago . 
  she too technically lived through two world wars . 
  the warzaw metro is interesting . 
  they have rubber tires on their metro cars . 
  tallink-silja and viking both have 2 departures from stockholm each day . 
  that 's 4 . 
  on top of that you 've got more from further north , in kapellsk\u00e4r and grisslehamn . 
  there you 've got at least 4-6 departures more but they only take you to \u00c5land .
