  finns - everyone wears a knife and hate talking to other people . 
  reproduction might happen through mitosis . 
  danes - alcoholics who nobody can understand ... 
  example of language https://youtu.be/s-moy8vuebk norwegians - we used to plunder , now we have oil !, 
  finland will be a good contestant for that position too ... or well , basically any country bordering to russia . 
  well , the entire population ca n't be in the uk because half of them must be in sweden ... 
  would be nice if they could abandon their export of the damn `` eu migrants '' as they are so nicely called in swedish media . 
  god damn beggars in literally every street corner and subway station in stockholm . 
  10/m2 is pretty normal in finland unless you are looking at helsinki . 
  i 'll give you the booze prices ... but the `` no weed '' part ... pffft !, 
  there 's more than enough to go around here ... it 's just a bit expensive and you need to know the right people . 
  same goes for sweden . 
  in sweden they are exclusively building for refugees while there are tens of thousands of young swedes who are unable to move away from home due to affordable housing being completely unavailable for the domestic population . 
  and nothing of value would be lost if they targeted the green room . 
  do n't forget that they serve beer at mcdonald 's an be in germany ... or was it poland ... or both ... ca n't remember :(, 
  migrants . 
  refugee status is something that can be granted , it 's not something you are , if we are to be technical . 
  it 's migrant -  asylum seeker -  refugee . 
  can also be migrant -  refugee ( if you go to a camp ), 
  meanwhile sweden spends more than the total budget of unhcr on accomodating 160k asylum seekers in sweden . 
  not to mention finnish :d, 
  in finland the ministry of justice and ministry of finance have both sent a request to the public broadcasting company yle so that they could go after the tax evaders that are from finland and mentioned in the papers . 
  in this case `` work '', 
  more romani than before might come to the nordics , possibly ? 
   some people are born evil and should be kept away from society . 
  no person is born evil . 
  not even psychopaths are born evil . 
  they are a result of their upbringing and environment . 
  even if you are a psychopath , and there are more than enough of them out there , it does n't mean that you go around murdering kittens or people just for the sake of it . 
  i 'm not saying there 's any saving the people you refer to , but they were n't born evil . 
  they may have been born into an evil family , sect , cult , culture , religion , etc , etc etc , but a newborn is by no means by birth born evil . 
  we do n't have socialism though . 
  europe is social democratic . 
  it 's different . 
  is it really ? 
  i thought the slowest was left behind and eaten by predators . 
  sisu is one hell of a thing . 
  it 's very good for killing russians , both inside the sauna and outside . 
  3rd degree burns are n't so nice though . 
  here you have two articles covering the subject of detention centers for people who are being or are supposed to be deported or that we want to leave the country `` voluntarily '' http://svenska.yle.fi/artikel/2015/12/19/fangelset-utan-brottslingar http://svenska.yle.fi/artikel/2016/02/08/irakier-kan-inte-tvangsavvisas-myndigheterna-hoppas-att-tusentals-atervander-hem articles in swedish though . 
  it 's a bilingual country after all . 
  you mean like we do in finland ? 
  estonia 20 years later, 
  latvia has denounced australia , declaring to the world that they are not to be trusted . 
   closing the borders is an option but damn , it weighs in the conscious , does n't it ? 
  do n't we have some responsibility in resolving this crisis ? 
  no , actually we do n't have a responsibility to resolve the crisis . 
  what we may have is a responsibility to help people in the area by feeding and sheltering them . 
  no , it really does n't weigh my conscious if we 'd close down all borders over night . 
  our wellfare states are made for being able to handle our own population and support that if our own population is in need of help , it 's not made to handle the influx of millions upon millions of illiterate mena-people who we ca n't even fucking deport if their asylum applications get rejected . 
  these people ( not all , but most ) will , and do cost our societies and states so damn much money that they wo n't ever be able to pay back the benefits they 've recieved during the time they 've been looking for jobs and have been asylum seekers . 
  sweden is of course my favourite example since its the neighbouring country for me . 
  it takes 7-8 years for 50 % of the refugees to find employment . 
  imagine the load that puts on the wellfare system while they are unemplyed if you 've increased your national population by a fucking percent . 
  on top of purely financial problems you need to take into account things like housing , teachers , schools , medical facilities , medical staff , police , , wellfare workers , etc etc etc which we do n't have even close to enough of and it takes several years to build new things and years to educate new staff for the various sectors . 
  our systems are not made to handle this shit !, 
  45.3 would probably be pretty true for the \u00c5land islands though , which is a small part of finland . 
  ok , today i learned, 
  [ finnish men are also genetically predisposed to getting more agressive while drunk ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/science/2015/nov/17/gene-mutation-htr2b-linked-impulsive-behaviour-alcohol ), 
  hehe ... defenestrate . 
  you 're not paranoid if people actually are out to get you . 
  well ... if we are to be completely honest it 's `` technically '' not more expensive since the monetary value has decreased over time . 
  all variables being the same except monetary value you 'd also earn more money by tax income so it 'd equal itself out in that way . 
  if we were to say that it 's more expensive in real terms , then we 'd have a project set out for ourselves . 
  yup , `` at least '' was the correct wording . 
  [ only adjusting for inflation it 's 1700 % more expensive today than 1933 if we look at the us dollar inflation . 
  ] ( http://www.usinflationcalculator.com/ ), 
  positions created in sweden : * social services staff * asylum center staff ( for both young and old ) * police * security personell * teachers ( like thousands of them ) * a fuckton of jobs for lawyers to handle asylum matters * construction workers since sweden has n't built any significant amount of housing in two fucking decades and suddenly need to house another 160.000 . 
  and to build new schools since ... well ... they suddenly have like 35-40 .000 new students / pupils to teach . 
  * public guardians / privatized version of said position * future jobs : prison guards , kebab shop owners, 
  what is said and what is heard are apparently two different things and it 's what 's heard that counts . 
  in this case , it was n't something great that was heard . 
  well ... you know ... he is technically correct . 
  well ... someone posted that his gf solved the all pieces white puzzle in fairly short time recently , so it ca n't be that difficult for someone who likes puzzles . 
  what human rights ? 
  they are trespassers and illegal occupants on foreign soil . 
  [ bulldozers are coming ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/calais-jungle-camp-2000-refugees-living-in-makeshift-shelters-given-three-days-to-leave-as-a6807386.html ), 
   vast amount of cheap labour for what kind of work ? 
  it 's not like europe is teeming with low - / no skill jobs . 
  ristinummi mainly , the source i can give is that when there 's been a rape in vaasa it 's very often been around there and since it 's a very small town it 's not hard finding out the enthnicity of the purp . 
  quite a lot of robberies and thefts at siwa in v\u00f6yrinkaupunki aswell , or at least there were a couple of years ago when i lived there . 
  yup , the police in vaasa at least have deemed them unnecessary . 
  but i do see why they 'd emerge . 
  certain areas there have been especially prone to have rapes by mainly somali migrants . 
  adding another 1500 asylum seekers to the surrounding area ( pop 100k ) is an understandable cause for concern . 
  edit : i 'd like to mention that the patrols themselves are a cause for concern and are indeed a problematic development . 
  some have started comparing the development with the rise of the weimar republic . 
  if they commit the bombing in europe , then i blame the western politicians , yes . 
  i 'm not blaming any of the involved parties but the politicians . 
  maybe the only leader going to davos , but stefan l\u00f6fven sure did invite everyone to sweden too , and fredrik reinfeldt before him ( which in turn lost him and his party the election ) . 
  this is what happens when people start to feel unsafe . 
  citizen patrols will start emerging more and more and inocent people will get caught in the middle . 
  who 's to blame ? 
  european politicians who 've allowed 1.2-2 million asylum seekers into the area the past years without any regard to the potential outcome . 
  the snow king ... is n't he the russian santa ? 
  unfortunately i doubt he 'll end up having to stand for what he 's done . 
  sweden does n't really have any `` tj\u00e4nstemannaansvar '' ( public liability ) anymore . 
  well , able bodied men in their 20s-30s is n't something that seems to be lacking among the migrants . 
  you do n't see that many wounded or people of pension age coming across the borders now , do you ? 
  the people who 'd stand outside the potential workforce would be the sub-18 segment .
