have you read the comments about how people behave around black friday shopping ? 
  not the only thing . 
  we also practice knife fighting and whittling . 
  because they 'll make us feel sorry for them before we get to the chopping block . 
  must be trolls . 
  they ca n't be serious . 
  that sounds like smugglers . 
  you should have checked the license plate and reported them to swedish authorities, 
  as a finn i think the baltics will take offence to that . 
  that 's where our stuff ends up at least ... lithuania mainly . 
  you can have some of ours ... 
  sharing is caring , at least if we look at sweden : - /, 
  though there 'd be some kind of point in it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the case but i do see the point behind that speculation . 
  you 'll still dominate it by native population though ;-) is that fine or does it have to be overall ? 
   ideaology mental illness . 
  waiting for suicide-rate in finland to go up . 
  and sweden is cutting its funding because they are using it to accept more people into their country instead . 
  it 's a growing sport in finland . 
  imo it was a pretty dumb way of illustrating the distribution : /, 
  are you a troll ? 
  you must be a troll !, 
  i 've said no such things . 
  i 'm just saying what they 'll do . 
  i 've have n't said it 's neither bad nor good that they 'll build mosques . 
  but sure , i can play along just to feed you , i think it 's shit that they 've got a small tent city that could house 3 million standing empty while they are offering to build at least 200 mosques in europe . 
  what ? 
  they 've literally pledged to build a whole bunch of the damn things all over europe already instead of helping with the stream of refugees . 
  why would turkey be any different ? 
  saudi arabia will pay for the mosques . 
  i prefer highly functioning sociopath . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  easy for americans to say when they have n't been invaded by a super power during the last century ... you mainly use the cluster bombs offensively . 
  we 'd use it defensivly . 
  have you seen how long the finnish border is ? 
  i like mine fields . 
  it 's a good way of protecting borders . 
  especially against unwanted visitors , in our case russian `` tourists '' . 
  i 'm really fucking sad that finland agreed to the disarmament regarding landmines . 
  we had one of the largest minefields in the world along the russian border . 
  that was awesome . 
  650tons of explosives dug down there . 
  it 's a great way to stop large groups of people crossing borders and a really good deterrent after a few have blown their legs off . 
  luckily we still have cluster bombs ... only problem with those is that we do n't fucking know where they 'll land so it 'll be a pain to clean up afterwards . 
  no , northern / western . 
  depending on how you look at it . 
  there were big protests , and clashes in stockholm this sunday aswell . 
  i was on site and both groups were antagonizing the other calling the other terrorists . 
  minimum income for living is $ 170 in st petersburg . 
  ... that 's really shitty, 
  i thought we were talking about wars , not music ? 
  i was in amsterdam a couple weeks ago and got a transit card and walked the rest . 
  it 's a really small city so it 's really easy to just walk everywhere . 
  but then again , sure , it 's faster to take a bike . 
  good on you , 
  the swedish system is mainly loan-based though . 
  i do n't know how much of it that 's loans , but it 's the majority of the money that the students have access to via the government . 
  we do in finland too . 
  ca n't remember how much anymore though , but if you study in helsinki you 're fucked anyway because of the rent prices there . 
  a pensioner in finland living on minimum pension recieves slightly under $ 650/mo in pension + guarantee pension which is $ 110 +120 . 
  so let 's say 770 + possible housing benefit which is dependent on your rent . 
  additionally it 's possible , if you 're an ill person that you 'll get an extra addition in benefits from that . 
  the maximum is $ 300 or something per month for that . 
  that 's 1070 . 
  for the sake of argument we can add 330 euro in housing benefits and bring you up to 1400 . 
  if you get 330/mo in housing benefits you 'll have over $ 500 in rent , so that 'll bring you back down below 1000/mo . 
  source : i work in the social sector, 
  because the fucking newspapers interview them every year . 
  edit : and i know of quite a few romanians who talk with the beggars . 
  because those are the ones we get to finland, 
  well if they are n't a part of schengen that means that there should be actual border controls , that 's my point . 
  '' of the six eu members that do not form part of the schengen area , four -- bulgaria , croatia , cyprus and romania '' http://www.wikiwand.com/en/schengen_area you are correct . 
  i wonder how the hell the romanian romani then are allowed to travel all over europe begging and claiming property rights ... 
  mmmmm , witch burnings !, 
  or in our case in europe , sharia law . 
  just got home from amsterdam ... 
  i 'm amazed that more people are n't alcoholics there considering that a beer costs 25-50c at the store . 
  i 'm in amsterdam for a couple of days and it just happened to be at the sail amsterdam event . 
  i 've seen most ships before though ... 
  well , the swedes include western finland and \u00c5land ... 
  but ... 
  in sovjet russia , government lobbies you . 
  vpns are banned by certain isps and they are also introducing a law to outlaw the use . 
  they blocked github , imagine if they 'd block stackoverflow, 
  which poverty line ? 
  i work in the social sector and i 've been to visit st petersburg with work to see how their system works . 
  their poverty line is not to be compared to anything close to what we have in finland for example . 
  i think the poverty line there was around 170 $ / mo. . . that 's lunch for a month for me . 
  i do n't think anyone will flame you for mentioning the scums that are coming from albania and bulgaria . 
  the balkans are fucked up ... and unfortunately their shit is spread all over europe by now , especially the serbs and their mafia . 
  they should make a tunnel across from turku via godby and then to the swedish side though . 
  imo that is . 
  they are serbs ... 
  i 'm not so sure it 'd work that well with the russians added to the mix, 
  russia is managing that pretty well on their own . 
  and sweden is their lapdog . 
  we ca n't take 5-6 billion poor people . 
  ftfy just a fraction of the worlds population reaches anything even close to the european standard of living . 
  people usually do . 
  [ i 'm too tired to make anything out of this ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/schengen_area#/territories_of_schengen_states_outside_the_area ),
