  sweden 's been talking a lot about having to have 72 % of the employable population working for a break even situation . 
  i hence only have sources in swedish : [ tino sanandaji \\ ( macro economist and researcher \\ ) ] ( http://www.tino.us/2014/08/invandrare-jobbar-mindre-an-svenskfodda-hur-man-an-raknar/ ) often called in as an expert regarding these types of questions . 
  [ svenska dagbladet ] ( http://www.svd.se/gront-ljus-till-ullenhag-om-invandringsmyt/om/sverige ) one of the largest daily newspapers in sweden . 
  14 years to reach whats often called the break even point ... add a few years of work there and then they will be pensioners . 
  that 's not something i 've noticed . 
  but i 'd say generally speaking better looking . 
  way too many in finland who are anti-vaxxers, 
  a lot of that going around . 
  the finns are pissed off because swedish speakers live longer , are happier , are richer , speak more languages , have lower unemployment and in all senses live better lives, 
  lol . 
  \u00c5land is by nationality and national identity finnish nowadays . 
  it 's just a swedish speaking part of finland . 
  why the fuck would we on \u00c5land want to become a small part of little arabia ? 
  lol , one of my clients drives an old volvo ... 
  it 's an absoute piece of shit with every possible problem imaginable . 
  * the electronics are busted so he had to fit new lights on it . 
  * it uses like 4 liters of oil per month * it uses over a liter per 10km * he 's replaced several expensive mechanical parts on it . 
  * the generator went bust * he 's had tow-service like 12 times the past year . 
  i 've suggested time and time again to fucking scrap that car but for some reason he wants to keep pouring money into the piece of shit . 
  meanwhile i 'm driving a mazda 323 from -86 myself and just passed 400.000 km . 
  i 've changed some filters and tubing . 
  that 's it . 
  [ it 'll be coming very soon ] ( https://youtu.be/l5qudtunvds ), 
  let 's take the danish water territories instead of greenland . 
  they recently found a bunch of oil if i remember correctly . 
  yeah but you ca n't enter the us without a biometric passport and it 's way less convenient to enter the uk, 
  funny volunteers who get to bring tanks with them on vacation . 
  we are still missing the eu colonies in the caribbean, 
  finland is waaaay off . 
  the archipelago should be at level with stockholm . 
  otherwise pretty well done . 
  pretty shitty to never see daylight for a month per year though . 
  this time of year it does n't come up at all . 
   i guess most refugees lack all of the above . . : - / any actual refugee would lack that . 
  rather few are actually refugees . 
  they 're economic migrants , most of them . 
  it 's especially dark because of the lack of snow, 
  i 'll take that as a compliment for when i 'm polishing my familys 3 guns . 
  ban guns in every country in the world !, 
  we might run into issues with ` murcia though . 
  no , you import guns illegally from non eu countries in the balkans , that 's the main way . 
  they are n't and have never been legal is the eu . 
  edit : another major source for illegal guns is making them yourself . 
  it also depends on the grade in some countries . 
  in some places anyone can carry peppers spray buy only a milder version , for police grade you may need a licence . 
  actually it 's a chemical weapon already afaik . 
  hence it 's banned from military use . 
  it 's ok for civilian use though . 
  edit : i might be mixing it with tear gas . 
  but it may be that both are classed as chemical weapons . 
  i know that teargas is . 
  yeah , the amount of crimes committed with legal guns is negligible compared to the amount committed with illegal guns . 
  this wo n't change anything and both sweden and finland have handed in reservations against the proposal . 
  you can start using fort boyard again for other things than crappy tv shows . 
  it 's called public procurement , 
  yeah but due to the delays the french contractor who is building it is paying huge fines . 
  so its not all from our pockets , fortunately . 
  be honored . 
  i 've booted up the laptop just for this . 
  since all of this is in sweden the sources are in swedish ( works pretty well with google translate ) we 'll start with an overview of the karl xii demonstrations [ on wikipedia ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_xii-firande_i_lund ) here 's an overview [ of afa ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/antifascistisk_aktion_i_sverige ) [ here 's a short column summarizing what afa did at a nazi demonstration in 2014 ] ( http://www.expressen.se/kronikorer/lars-lindstrom/den-antirasistiska-rorelsens-huliganer/ ) note that i 'm by no means saying that the neo-nazis are innocent . 
  they too cause trouble , but afa has no other goal other than fucking things up for everyone , and especially the neo-nazis . 
  and though i 've only linked just a couple sources , there 's plenty more if you just google for them . 
  [ here 's an instance where the neo-nazis fucked up some demonstration too . 
  they are . 
  they have one reoccurring event every year to celebrate king karl xii ... or was it karl xiii ( the warrior king anyhow ) ... 
  there 's always trouble then . 
  there are except that one some smaller demonstrations that happen once in a while and the afa ( anti fascistisk aktion ) is generally there to fuck things up . 
  usually they leave a wave of destruction in the wake of their counter demonstrations . 
  the same shit is happening in sweden too . 
  the police must protect the neo-nazis from leftist violence and protect the right to demonstrate/march . 
  if the leftist just stayed at home there 'd be no news story . 
  nobody would care . 
  it 's just a bunch of nutters marching . 
  i think you have 1400 troop transports in storage . 
  so you can have one vehicle for literally every soldier in sweden , 
  there 's also non military service . 
  if men have to throw a year away to serve the country , so should women . 
  belgium did n't have a government fo r like 2,5 terms or something . 
  they managed fine . 
  home is where you hang your coat , 
  soundbite in the song is taken from the movie , 
  westerner : i know there is much to learn from each other if we can make a truce . 
  we can find a way to co-exist . 
  can there be a peace between us ? 
  no peace !, 
  westerner : what is it you want us to do ? 
  islamist : die ... die ... ^ ( original quote from independence day if you did n't recognize it ), 
  i like the idea ... 
  i 'm not too fond of the execution . 
  the clash between styles is a bit to hard . 
  i did get the association with shipping though since the added building looks a lot like a ferry or a yacht . 
  the fuck !, 
  fucking female dominated shit business i 'm in . 
  i 'm a fin govt employee and i 'm at 2.5, 
  time to quit my job : /, 
  norway ... you 'd make like $ 2700 working at macdonalds and that 's more than i make with a masters ( econ ) in finland atm . 
  you also need an income of over 2500 for a family of three i think . 
  the income limites for reunifications were quite high , for obvious reasons . 
  there was an article about it at svenska yle just the other day . 
  you must have median and average mixed up .
