  in the last weeks of the campaign the fn watered down their anti-euro ( the currency ) rhetoric . 
  they went from `` going back to the franc '' to `` have two currencies for a while '' . 
  added to the more and more ambiguous stance on european union . 
  soon after the election the fn almost collapsed . 
  the official disagrement was on the stance toward eu . 
  main figures left the party . 
  they `` lost '' the parliamentary elections by far . 
  so the party is now defining how it will rebuild itself . 
  evolve or reinforce . 
  this announcement is a major event as they clearly picked the reinforcement option . 
  while it may look like a minor debate it is a strong decision . 
  they had to chose between a shift to conservative : anti-abortion , religious , anti-gay mariage , etc. 
  or keep going with patriotism as their main focus . 
  they picked the patriotic/nationalist option over the conservative one . 
  this was without doubt motivated by the recent marion marechal le pen choice to go out of politics ( conservative figure of the party ) . 
  looking since mitterrand , macron 's popularity rating are just in the norm . 
  the step decrease is far from unusual looking as far as the last french president . 
   to fight corruption and communist legacy it may be meant to recycle the people in power , `` drain the swamp '' . 
  get rid of the soviet heritage in power ? 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  but it could be a good and honest motive . 
  i 'm sure i 'm wrong but how much ? 
  it is only possible in a democracy . 
  to end it . 
  oh right , i was thinking about macron . 
  what do you mean ? 
  being investigated on does n't means you are guilty . 
  yeah ... 
  i know ... but still . 
  now i wonder if the genital meaning comes from the `` cool '' or from the look of the fruit . 
  italian women fetish is about to be ruined . 
  libturd fake news trying to put corsica in france . 
  they even manipulated ( ( ( wikipedia ) ) ) . 
  is that related to the fruit ? 
  if so ... you do have weird women . 
   brussels is great , ** just beautiful ** that would be biggest lie even if there were no muslims . 
  some countries in europe are n't in nato because usa is part of it . 
  finland is a good example . 
  nato is also a slow moving organisation due to it 's size and the way it is ruled . 
  it 's mostly efficient for defensive operations . 
  you should note that an eu army does not means some countries wo n't have their own forces inside eu or that these countries will leave nato yet . 
  thanks captain obvious . 
  but rockets with their pointy end makes holes in the ozone layer . 
  you should listen to him , read his program and look at what he did rather than getting all your information from / t_d, 
  antoher banker from the exact same bank . 
  seen as a great politician in france . 
  the fact macron has been a banker is not enough , fighting on it is just pointless . 
  ~ ~ https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/henri_emmanuelli~~ recent enough for you ? 
  there are several others . 
  edit : english link here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henri_emmanuelli, 
  in the dumpster . 
  yeah let 's talk about that in 20 years . 
  people 20 years ago are the same as they are today ^ ^ / s, 
  where ? 
  because is was a banker ? 
  we had a president coming from exactly the same bank , pompidou , he was a quite good president . 
  it 's just like saying trump is fighting for the orange juice lobby because he is orange . 
  simplistic thinking do n't catch here . 
  sorry , i do n't get what you are trying to say . 
  i 'm from france . 
  i do n't get all your clinton vs trump references . 
  same when it was her father being not elected ? 
  aside from the joke fyi no vp in france, 
  he is an egalitarian neoliberal . 
  mlp was seen as a putin puppet , not merkel . 
  he already won a first round against 9 other candidates . 
   macron is the new french president !, 
   macron is the new french president !, 
  i 've watched the first debate , i do n't remember anything close to that . 
  maybe my memory is failing , do you have a source ? 
  it 's available everywhere in france and italy . 
  i bet it 's also in many countries , just know about these two . 
  where did you see he was for more open borders ? 
  he was just against closing them to trade . 
  stop using alt right website as your only source of infos . 
  no , assuming you think nazis were good guys . 
  20 minutes is also a french newspaper . 
  so a majority of gays vote against le pen and they would want to emigrate when she lost ? 
  that 's / r/le _ canard level logic . 
  yes, 
  i 'm sincerely sorry salty nazi . 
  have you tried to google translate it ? 
  even that would be enough to see it has nothing to do with some secret plan . 
  every new president has some proposition on national education , some were way more discutable in the past . 
  this is just a very banal proposition about common history of the mediterranean sea . 
  just like he publicly said in in marseille speech . 
  it has nothing to do with some secret plan . 
  really , quickly google translate it , it 's pretty obvious . 
  yup saw that too but it 's not linked to macron . 
  it 's only linked to said mp . 
  even though , it seem weird that a mp would use an email address with his name but with a delivery address north of paris in a not so good neighborhood with another billing name . 
  there are several mail addresses with this mp name in it and only a gmail one is used for shady stuff . 
  it 's far too weak but should be investigated further . 
  edit : to be specific he is not part of macron 's staff , just a mp supporting him . 
  for example ? 
  i have n't found such things . 
  offshore rumor is from before the leaks , already debunked . 
  which ones ? 
  from macron 's pr : leaked mail are real but there might be fakes in it . 
  looking at them with others yesterday there is nothing incriminating in them .
