  the mentionned delivery address is not at the assembly , do n't know where this rumor came from . 
  it 's part of the leaks . 
  but it is n't related to macron . 
  to be specific : there is one mail from a personal gmail address named after one of our mp ordering some drug , but the payment and the delivery infos do n't match this mp . 
  the address seem legit looking at other mails . 
  this will backfire on someone , but it 's not related to macron and it 's not even sure it was from this mp . 
  been digging with others all day , there is n't anything big . 
  the most illegal thing we 've found so far are reimbursement of over donations . 
  it 's technically illegal , but the mail ( a month old ) is about fixing the mistake ... so basically nothing . 
  which fake mails ? 
  nothing relevant have been found yet , so they mixed fake mails about ordering coffee ? 
  even worse . 
  as someone from mayotte , no , please . 
  when people vote to be part of france is that colonialism still ? 
  we had marine le pen visit and they talked about us quite a bit . 
  i do n't feel that left out considering we are not a very big part of france . 
  be careful people here only speaks french and shimaore , not much english . 
  they just publish polls on belgian or swiss websites . 
  but these polls are way less reliable and usually only done tomorrow afternoon . 
  it do n't seem that french audience there is big enough to justify doing more . 
  about switching a candidate by a fruit ? 
  :d i do n't know but polling is heavily regulated on politics here . 
  i guess that 's why we have so accurate polls . 
  i do n't know the exact wording of the law but i bet they tough about that . 
  if they claimed le pen won the debate just after it or just the next day it could be legit . 
  i can understand how a polish journalist speaking french but not knowing perfectly well french culture could think le pen did better . 
  but if they claimed that like two days later , after all objective datas showing she lost were published , you are right . 
  i guess you meant `` have not been '' . 
  my question is mostly , does social medias have that much effect on voters ? 
  so far , le pen failing in the debate seem to have way more effect on voters than these `` alternative '' news . 
  now polls are forbidden in france so it 's hard to tell what are the consequences on french voters . 
  out of curiosity , did last minute `` alternative '' news had some effect visible in the polls during the trump campaign ? 
  comes from world of warcraft . 
  when someone from the horde writes `` lol '' , it 's shown as `` kek '' for the alliance players . 
   i assume you referring to the apple deal ? 
  ya that one was a wtf even for us we knew it was a law tax rate but a bit shocked it was nothing at all we even get pissed when our government tells us there 's no money for public services wtf what about the billions apple owes us ? 
  why argue on sovereignty , threatening to leave , etc. . . if you end up agreeing . 
  countries are not closed places , we are member of an union and we are supposed to work together . 
  the 0 % corp tax is crossing our line . 
  these are companies doing business in france , avoiding to pay taxes in france . 
  i could swap your own argument and say you are interfering with our sovereignty . 
  we do accept some inequalities , we are used to it by having a lot of neighbor doing that thing since a long time ( monaco , andorre , etc. ) . 
  but there is a limit on tolerance of others . 
  ireland went a bit too far here . 
   hardly we had a law tax rate before we joined way back when that has not changed since so that 's not really a good argument here . 
  the situation does have evolved . 
  ireland having a low corp tax is n't the issue . 
  a lot of members of the ez have a low corp tax and we are fine with it . 
  the issue is with the recent deals allowing companies to pay almost 0 % tax . 
  the fact some companies doing all their business in france just having an empty office in ireland is bugging us since quite some time . 
  uk was considered a biggest offender so most of our attention was on them . 
  now with uk out , the public attention is on you . 
  i bet once the irish tax haven situation will be solved ( if macron actually does something on it ) the next target will be luxembourg . 
  no , this is a long time going on issue . 
  i 'm not old but i remember having always heard politician talk about it . 
  first it was about switzerland , then uk , now ireland . 
  you sound like a mosquito saying he will leech someone else blood because you are trying to slap him . 
  sorry to compare ireland to a mosquito but your argument sound empty to someone against this . 
  you are playing the tax haven card . 
  no one is ok with that . 
  a real corp tax at 4 % would be an increase . 
  the problem in ireland is companies do n't even pay the ( very ) low corporate tax . 
  sadly the `` tax haven '' issue suddenly disappear once someone is elected . 
  i guess a lot of people would be ok to see ireland leave if it was the price to stop this abuse . 
  chinese factories pays their taxes in china . 
  fine , you can drink something else if you do n't like wine . 
  yup , christian conservative would be more alike to him . 
  do you have an example of russian ( or elsewhere ) bots in action ? 
  in that thread or another . 
  after reading your comment i took a look at downvoted or new comments but nothing seem suspicious to me . 
  btw i 'm not trying to argue , i 'm just interested . 
  hollande proposed 75 % for every income above a million/yr . 
  from what i heard almost no one paid it . 
  yes , mayotte is changing very fast even if this process started in the 70s , there are still a lot to do . 
  mostly in the southern part of grande terre . 
  overall people are aware of the situation and accept to `` have a bit less '' . 
  nobody expect high end universities locally or some perfect hospital . 
  but simple things could be done , like the creation of a special economic/trade zone to allow local imports . 
  before , i was mostly answering to the widely spread idea that `` oversea territories receive more than the mainland '' . 
  like we are just remote lazy people collecting welfare under a coconut tree . 
  people here are ready to accept some inequalities . 
  we know we are far . 
  but some simple reforms could fix it . 
  france uses mayotte 's strategic position in the mozambique canal should we also account for that ? 
  you account for everything to oversea territories but just account for social spending for the metropol ? 
  why do n't you account for taxes exemptions in the mainland when comparing ? 
  if you go on the numbers war , have them right . 
  edit : wording, 
  sorry to call bullshit on that . 
  i 'm from mayotte , let me tell you one thing : public services are not at all on par with metropolitan public services . 
  hospital is shit , any administrative work is painful , social aids are divided by two , no social housing and above all : way overpriced food . 
  so you can believe anything the politicians tells you but actually foreign territories receive about a tenth of what a metropolitan receive . 
  where are our tax cut then ? 
  we pay the same as any french . 
  a specific example : we recently had an insane immigration problem . 
  due to political problems in comoros a lot of people immigrated here . 
  they are sentenced to death in their home country so they would just try to get a living hiding in the mountains . 
  they were a real pain for the local population , criminality and insecurity . 
  so a huge majority of people here were whiling to vote for le pen . 
  this year , an electoral year , the govt seeing how popular fn is , decided to finally correctly fund the police .
