  you know , institutions we already have for a long time . 
   we already have this to the extent which it is necessary . 
  no , we have half baked institutions with serious democratic deficit , unable to act in serious crises ( such as the current one ) and foreing/global policy that is pathetic . 
   you would get real resistance , with real contention , and real different approaches to governance , with real filibusters and real lobbying , with real attempts to derail legislation . 
  you mean ... just like now on the national level ? 
   dream on , mate . 
  california is probably the most `` important '' ( wealth , population ) us state . 
  it does not dictate the us politics . 
   why is it always an ultimatum between these two ? 
  i do not know if it was always , today is . 
  the current situation is unsustainable ; without the radical step up in the integration , the eurozone will implode at great social , economic and political costs and unbeliveable national resentment . 
  the other possibility is return to the `` single market '' , which would , again , be very painful in the short term and deprive europe of global role in the future . 
   with a united purpose and direction united purpose and direction come only out of united identity , united institutions , united political space & united path/history . 
  if i use kissinger : there is no united purpose & direction if you have 27 + telephones . 
   the idea of having my lifestyle and career opportunities and choices constrained by people i disagree with on a political level makes my blood boil . 
  lol , i wonder how do you survive the uk , then . 
  you know , a democracy where the biggest political party ( - ies ) decides which standard will win ... 
  i am not entirely sure if i undestand you correctly , but there is one tiny detail that is also very important . 
  with euro out of the picture , troubled countries would simply default on their foreign debt ... as a result , the core eu banks would collapse in matter of days ( `` collateral chain '' ) . 
  and then we come to the deutsche bank and this http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user5/imageroot/2013/04/german%20gdp%20vs%20db%20derivatives_1.jpg it 's game over for germany . 
  the cap budget is shrinking considerably : from 71 % in 1984 to an expected 39 % in 2013 . 
  still lagging in r & d. . . and no one wants to see crazy french farmers in brussels   swift and decisive regulatory review and to deal harshly with the ones responsible for missmanagement of the state owned banks . 
  even if that would befeasible , it would take years . 
  and mismanagemenet will be extremely hard to prove : in bubble years , almost all loans were `` sound '' on paper - and private banks behaved no better . 
  it is a complicated issue , from population with no memory of a possibility of a property bust to general mentality `` this time is different , we discovered the holy grail of catching up '' . 
  we were on track to overtake italy in few years ... oh , my ... on a good note : all major former `` captains of the industry '' are facing jailtime or are in jail already . 
   the slovenian crisis also steams partly from the situation in italy since a lot of your exports are bound for them . 
  it was a perfect storm : real estate crash ( in retrospect , it was trully crazy ... my friends bought flats in 2008 for 3000 - 4000 euros per m2 ... with my boyfriend we bought a flat and sold it two years latter with 30 % profit ... ) , botched privatization in 04 - 08 , global financial crisis , total crash of the ex-yu markets ( croatia , serbia , bih ) , where slovenian companies invested heavily ( we were probably the only ex-communists state that was for a long time a netto creditor and source of fdis ) , crash of a long time ruling party , that became somehow corrupt , but was not nearly as incompetent as the competition with axes to grind that followed ... ah , time to contemplate , 
  `` the bertelsmann foundation stressed the study was based on modelling - and did not take into consideration the fact that if germany were actually to leave the euro , it would probably lead to the collapse of the currency union and a ** global economic crisis ** . '', 
  germany is calling all the shots precisely because the eu is institutionally underdeveloped . 
  in the united states of europe with real federal government , real parliament and so on ... germany would still be powerfull but not the sole decider as it is now - not by choice , by simple neccesity . 
  europe has only 2 options now : completion of the european project or disintegration and fall into total global irrelevance with all the consequences that this brings . 
  second option is a really shiny prospect for a future of climate change , rise of china , india ... and global competition ( wars ? ), 
  for more and more scare resources . 
  all mentioned countries made remarkable progress since the eu entry . 
  ireland did better than the most ( but then again : it was not burdened with the very recent memory of civil war & long years of dictatorship ) , greece is surely the worst performer , but in greater picture ... not ideal , but if we know where they started ... 
  this is greece in 1967 : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/1967-4-21_greece01.jpg germany has been developing its exportweltmeister machine since 45 - as a stable & peaceful democracy . 
  spain & co. did not have this `` privilege '' , sadly . 
  temporary stimulus can take many forms . 
  you can trow money at smes , r & d , education ... all are the areas where we could definitely use more money . 
  especially european r & d lag after the us & japan is very worrisome . 
  smes : many slovenian smes ( even the really good ones ) can not get credit or they have to borrow at much higher interest rate than their counterparts in the eu core because of the `` country risk '' . 
  this is a major obstacle to our recovery . 
  it is a trap . 
  and what is the eu doing ... ? 
  nothing . 
   they 're mainly sacrificing jobs and cutting wages on the altar of competitiveness , with the ultimate goal of criking up exports : that 's implicit in the german model , and austerity is the means to get there . 
  exactly . 
  the holly grail of austerity policies is `` internal devaluation '' : cutting wages ( trough unemployment , labor market reforms , ... ) for better competitiveness -  more exports . 
  the thing is , lower wages translate into lower domestic demand . 
  fine if can you ofset that with exports . 
  this is what germany did basically : stagnating wages of german population were ofset by the demand of european periphery on a spending spree - financed by the eu core banks . 
  problems appear , when the whole continent is in economic contraction . 
  then it is very difficult to ofset lower domestic demand . 
  this is the basic of flaw in austerity policies . 
  someone has to buy ... and no one is buying if everyone is saving like crazy . 
  olli rehn , european commissioner for economic and monetary affairs and the euro and vice president of the european commission : `` recall that public debt in the eu has risen from about 60 % of gdp before the crisis to around 90 % of gdp . 
  and it is widely acknowledged , based on serious academic research , that when public debt levels rise above 90 % they tend to have a negative impact on economic dynamism , which translates into low growth for many years.that is why consistent and carefully calibrated fiscal consolidation remains necessary in europe . '', 
   did it work ? 
  it did work !, 
  greece , portugal , spain and ireland ... made truly remarkable progress since the joining the eu & structural funds were an important part of that development . 
  we are forgetting , that spain was a poor agrarian dictatorship till 1975 !, 
  or portugal : `` gdp per capita on a purchasing power parity basis rose from 51 % of the eu average in 1985 to 78 % in early 2002 . '', 
  ( what krugman always suggests ) krugman suggests infrastructure investments for the us , where the infrastructure is generally in terrible shape because of years of underfunding . 
  this is not true . 
  slovenians did take the responsibility . 
  story is not `` oh , my ... we are innocent victims , everything is fault of lenders/germany/evil spirits . '', 
  it 's : `` we fucked up , but the germany is exploiting the situation and making everything worse . '', 
  it is not so clear-cut . 
  short story : reckless borrowing is not possible without reckless lending . 
  and the most important thing : european `` safety net '' is not the cause of the current debacle . 
  bank run = the bank is kaputt . 
  no bank survives a bank run . 
  none , not even the best managed bank in the whole history of banking . 
  bank run on banks , owned by the slovenian state = banks are kaputt . 
  who will foot the bill ? 
  oh , fuck off with that retard . 
  i do not know who is worse ... farage or rehn . 
  they could both make a club of the worst europeans of the millennia . 
  i am a bad person , i know , but when the news broke out that the netherlands is in deep ... trouble , it brought smile to my face ( sorry , dutch people ! ) . 
  just think !, 
  the netherlands , hypocritical austerity cheerleaders that canceled the austerity without a blink when it became obvious that their country is next for some very `` tough love '' . 
  it blew lazy south vs hardworking north narrative right out of the window . 
  we are in the same boat !, 
  if greece , spain , portual , italy , slovenia ... fail ... we all loose . 
  there will be no winners . 
  i doubt that as a silly liar i can contribute anymore to your nuanced , complex and vastly superior understanding of globalization . 
  good luck with proselytizing unwashed masses !, 
   if i were slovenian , id take my money out the banks asap . 
  great . 
  bank run ... that will finish us 100 % . 
   `` in the situation when you do n't produce anything and do n't export anything to other countries , you live on a borrowed money and a borrowed time '' . 
  except slovenia is an export-oriented economy ( 72 % of gdp ) and with trade surplus . 
  i think soros nailed it perfectly : `` there is no escaping the conclusion that current policies are ill-conceived . 
  they do not even serve germany 's narrow national self-interest , because the results are politically and humanly intolerable ; eventually they will not be tolerated . 
  there is a real danger that the euro will destroy the eu and leave europe seething with resentments and unsettled claims . 
  the danger may not be imminent , but the later it happens the worse the consequences . 
  that is not in germany 's interest . '', 
   straw man . 
  nobody 's tried to .
