  oh , you can have a vw/audi/skoda / seat ... 
  it 's basically the same , but do not worry : any customer can have a car painted any colour that he wants so long as it is vw . 
  the world with only german/japanese cars would be bland . 
  i like variety . 
  this is very interesting . 
  could you , please , provide some sources ? 
  biased ? 
  it 's just parallel reality , 
  uk , get the fuck out , please . 
  go & join some other union . 
  maybe the union of retarderd city bankers . 
  how to remember ( slovenian version ) ? 
  easy : 1 +1 = 2 emergency services ; 1 +1 = 3 : police ; they can not count . 
   besides , last i checked , the protestant churches with more-up-to-date values have lower attendances at the masses than catholic church - nobody needs a religion , that is n't different from secular world . 
  or maybe protestant churches ( northern europe ) just happen to be in societies with more early & deeper secularisation ? 
  ( in contrast with ireland & southern europe ) whatever the reason , catholic churches are catching up very fast - despite being ultraconservative as ever ( or even more ) . 
  it does not help , does it ? 
  some numbers : http://viaintegra.wordpress.com/european-church-attendance/, 
  you do n't really understand what free-trade pact is , hm ? 
  both . 
  schnellkurs or \u0161nelkurz is a loanword in colloquial slovenian . 
  we were part of habsburg/austrian empire for 500 years . 
  it ca n't be any worse  why did it come to this is a complex question with many different answers : - voting system that gives parties almost total control over candidates that can be elected . 
  although voters circle their candidates in voting booth , votes in reality go to the party that nominated them . 
  another point : if you like the party , but not their candidate in your area , you are really in difficult position with no exit . 
  - political parties do not need parliamentarians that can think for themselves/endanger party leadership . 
  they need someone who can follow orders & push the right buttons ; no other skills necessary . 
  total negative selection . 
  - public image of politics in general is very bad . 
  political career offers incredible opportunities for destroying personal reputation forever . 
  why bother , then ? 
  - financial compensation . 
  although above average , not nearly in the same ballpark as at other high position jobs ( with much less public scrutiny ) . 
  will get better ? 
  maybe . 
  [ thousand of slovenians protest against government corruption in ljubljana ] ( http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2013/01/12/283174/slovenians-protest-against-corruption/ ), 
  there is a picture of letter of recommendation ( look at the title - comic sans ) http://www.deviantpics.com/images/2013/01/30/priporo%c4%8dilo%20%20gomboc.jpg some of the mentioned personal qualities from the letter : hard-working , inventive ( erfinderisch ) , ambitious , honest ...  but sadly , she is not the only bad apple . 
  at the last elections we got : * a mp who bankrupted his company and left it with millions of debt to customers & partners * a mp who was caught & sentended for cheating at the university exam : basically , he hired someone else for the german language exam . 
  probably our new ambassador in berlin  * a mp who was striped of his master 's degree because of plagiarism * a mp who was an active spy for the not-so-democratic secret service in former yugoslavia * and , of course , ms. gombo\u010d with her incredible xerox & edigs skills . 
  bonus : we have only 90 parlamentarians !, 
  right after the introduction of democracy , our parliament was full of intelectuals , but in years after that it all went downhill slowly but steady . 
  now we have people that can barely write , speak or think . 
  meh , amateurs !, 
  we have a mp that : - falsified her high-school diploma ( and did it with the use of comic sans for the title ) - was fired form the previous employer ( bank ) because of falsified diploma - is a subject of an ongoing investigation because of fraud ( as a bank employee ) - falsified the letter of recommendation from previous employer ( and was stupid enough to include it in documents for the anti-corruption commission . 
  you can not make this shit up ! ), 
  her defence ? 
  i did n't know that you can not get high school diploma after few days schnelkurz . 
  i am a true victim of fraud !, 
  i paid that in good faith . 
  so far she has provided almost 2 weeks of pure political entertainment ( one day she sat 10 hours non-stop in her parliamentary seat - no toilet , no food - because the journalists were waiting outside for her ) . 
  would you really move your family ( good luck finding a job for your partner if she/he does n't speak french and dutch fluently ) , loose all your friends , see your relatives 2-3 times a year max , live in brussels ( very expensive ) and basically commit yourself to a life of an expat for 14 k more ? 
  really ? 
  remember : these people are very well qualified and usually have no problem getting good jobs at home . 
  `` high level economic policy analyst on exactly the same pay in brussels as in london would end up taking home more '' so , if your logic & data ( are they really paid the same ? ), 
  is correct , high level policy analysts would drive en masse to brussels . 
  mass migration , here we go !, 
  but , hey , they do n't . 
  all eu institutions have a huge problem with fullfiling positions with people from richer eu states . 
  wonder why ? 
  `` so it 's quite clear these people are no our servants at all , they do n't pay taxes to our government '' they are servants of all eu citizens , not of particular government . 
  this is the whole point !, 
  they do n't . 
  national civil servants include clerks , policemen , nurses , teachers ... 
  professions that are in most countries usually not paid extremelly well / above average . 
  eu civil servants are mostly very qualified professionals with at least bachelor 's degree . 
  plus you have to move to brussels ( not really the nicest or the cheapest city ) , leave your friends & social network , ... as a result , they have really hard time to fullfil employment quotas for richer members ( germany , scandinavia ) . 
  for many is just not worth it anymore . 
   yet nothing happens . 
  except a total clusterfuck of a political crisis with the biggest party below parliamentary threshold and the other with greatly reduced support and without pm ( soon ) , 
  i would really like to see the source of this , 
  omg you really think that we have welfare state because of cheaper labour from ex-yu ? 
  reality check : * costs of major infrastructure projects in slovenia in the last 2 decades were not significantly lower than in other eu members . 
  the price we paid , for example , for a km of highway was almost the same as in other eu countries , even much wealthier . 
  why ? 
  because the costs of physical labour represent only a small portion of total costs in such projects . 
  * maintenance costs ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  major infrastructure projects like highways are paid by themselves . 
  you know ... via toll collection ?!, 
  current budget implications are negligible . 
  and one stupid geographical categorisation improves your argument how exactly ? 
  again : do german workers get 13th salary because of bosnian road workers , too ? 
  please , just stop !, 
  i do not know where are you from , but you have no idea about the slovenian economy at all . 
  for starters : the costs for infrastructure maintenance are not a problem in slovenia . 
  not even close , no one is even mentioning this . 
  and if germany builds 1 km of road with german workers , it will cost 3000 $ ( imaginary number , do n't worry about it ) . 
  if they build 1 km of road with bosnian workers , it will cost $ 500 . 
  so now you get it how your logic is flawed ? 
  do german workers get 13th salary too because of bosnian road workers ? 
  slovenian masses undestand very well that slovenian wellfare state did not cause the current economic crisis . 
  what is not a cause can not be a solution !, 
  the domestic causes of the crisis in slovenia are mainly two : * property boom and crash enabled by the cheap money after adoption of euro . 
  after the crash , almost entire slovenian buliding sector has been wiped out . 
  * spectacular multi-billion failure of management buyouts by so called tycoons , which have names . 
  we know every single one . 
  this are the main reasons for bad loans , not because we have free education , healthcare , unemployment protection ... 
  they have the `` luxury '' of lower wages of their domestic laborforce , no need to import labour . 
  and yet , somehow , slovenia got everything for much less money than they ?? 
  some clarifications about bullshit : `` the `` bad loans '' story mentioned in this article is a clear consequence of the nlb being in government hands . '',
