  the german export economy needs the eu with its internal market and euro . 
  it is in german interest to finally solve structural problems euro is creating , not pretending that everything is fine because germany is doing great atm ( in large part because euro is half-baked ) . 
  before german elections , nothing will happen , that is for sure . 
  but if after that berlin does not finally aknowledge huge structural problems half-baken euro is creating and try to find a solution with macron ... the euro and eu are doomed . 
  macron is the last chance . 
  if he fails in reaching some sort of solution with germany , no mather what he does internally , france will be in huge trouble and with this euro and the whole european project . 
  there is no time for kicking the can down the road anymore , 2022 will be here too soon and le pen will be ready . 
   a hungarian company would lack the know how and standards to be in a supply chain with a german car producer i would guess . 
  i do not know much about hungary , but judging by a very sustantive set of highly innovative automotive suppliers in slovenia ( about 10 % of gpd ) , you are very likely wrong . 
  ok , slovenia is stategically oriented towards this sector , but i guess hungarians must be somehow similary capable . 
  `` people changing their last names so they would sound more slovene , because otherwise they would be subject to attrocities '' bulshit . 
  no one was subjected to `` atrocities '' because of his/her last name . 
  for christ sake , the last name of one of the heroes of the 10 days war was ... milo\u0161evi\u0107 ( jla officer in the city maribor ) . 
  the slovenian administration did produce a mass administrative violation of human rights ( the case of `` erased '' ) after the war , the serbs were not a very popular at that time ( understandably , i guess ; the sentiment disappeared very quickly ) , but absolutely no atrocities ( or war crimes ) were committed . 
  btw nr . 
  of people of serbian origin in slovenia in 91 : 47401 ( less than 3 % ), 
  hm , ... there are countries that are going insane - at least part of the population ( tea party , golden dawn ... ) and then there is russia , that just scares shit out of me every time . 
  another issue : '' just come from moscow where 1.2 million russians have hiv . 
  80 % of these cases are drug related . 
  russia does not recognise harm reduction and there is significant stigma linked to hiv/aids and drug use . 
  there is only 20 % coverage of treatment for hiv/aids in russia . 
  this is partly due to the need to prove you are drug free in order to get hiv/aids treatment . 
  what madness . '', 
  ok , thank you . 
  so ... the graph is totally meaningless . 
  it is a very interesting topic ( cultural influences among neighbours ) , but this ... eh, 
  huh ... do n't get it at all . 
  we are closer to hungary than italy ? 
  since when ? 
  hungary is basically a non-entity in the mainstream slovenian society ( language issues , for starter ) , except for the border region ( `` prekmurje '' ) . 
  our economy is a german/austrian extension , food & fashion is heavily influenced by italy ... and croatia is a holiday destination more or less . 
  because the european experience with marxist/communist/socialist ideology is not uniform . 
  on one hand , you have genocidal soviet repression & occupation , on the other western ( democratic ) communist & socialist parties , eurocommunism , workers movement & unions , people like hobsbawn , sartre , althusser , ... and today david harvey , for example . 
  nazism is abhorrent in totality ; there are no redeeming qualities . 
  communism/socialism is far more complex , fragmented and morally challenging . 
  huh , reason spreading bullshit again ? 
  what a surprise  debunked here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11qlw0/you_thought_the_whole_eussr_thing_was_over_the/, 
  again : from a legal ( or bureaucratic ) standpoint , this is perfect solution . 
  it covers all possible cases with minimum potential for mistakes and confusion . 
  but legal standpoint is not the only one . 
  it seems , that some part of the populations has a huge issue with being called `` just '' a parent ( oh , my ) . 
  ok , noted . 
  for christ sake , it is a bureaucratic form , not an edict about the permissible use of names for close family members !, 
  `` nobody will call their parents by their number '' and nobody will !, 
  identical form ( terminology is the same ) in two languages ( exact translation ) is not the same as two different forms with different terminology ( legal consequences could , theoretically , be also different ) although term `` parent '' is probably not ideal , it covers all groups involved : biological and social mothers/fathers . 
  from a legal standpoint it is a proper solution . 
  why do you think it is a joke ? 
  it is a perfectly reasonable legal solution . 
  if you allow gay couples to adopt ( and there is really no reason not to ) , you need to adapt legal documents accordingly . 
  of course i am . 
  vulgar and for death . 
  dubble win . 
  thank you . 
  take `` current european civilization of death '' and stick it in your ass . 
  really . 
  this shit makes me so furious !, 
  this is catholic chuch at its worst : we are for life , you , on the other side , usually some secularist , atheist , agnostics , pro-choice , pro-gay ppl ... you are for death . 
  vulgar , disgraceful , disrespectful . 
  no other group or organization can so morally degrade its `` opponents '' , their values and choices and get away with it . 
  yeah , but on the other hand , this seemingly `` passive '' majority holds the key to the solution . 
  and politics with zero tolerance to the violence . 
  political courage is very important ( see : split & new croatian government ) after a failed referendum on the new family code ( almost full equality ) , we are hardly a shinning beacon in this area ( and many others lol ) , but slovenian politics nonetheless made important steps forward exactly in the area of zero tolerance to the violence . 
  perpetrators of `` incidents '' at prides were swiftly persecuted ( hate crimes with few years in prison ) , the police even took notice of homophobic chanting at football matches ( again : hate crimes , severe penalties ) . 
  it is a start ... 
  it does not work like that . 
  it is about social climate ; in society , where over 50 % of the population claim , that homosexuality is a danger to society ( !!! ), 
  ( and therefore countermeasures are needed ) , violence towards gays is not unexpected & a matter of few bad apples . 
  it is a systemic hatred . 
  there is nothing `` peaceful '' in discrimination ; physical , verbal , ideological or otherwise . 
  not all germans worked at lagers , not all were murderers & torturers , but almost all contributed to/tolerated the society , where lagers were possible . 
  serbians tolerate society , where violence agains gays is possible . 
  it is simple as that . 
  skinheads did not come from thin air ; they are a product of society . 
  society that is obviously deeply homophobic . 
  `` all that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing '', 
  `` it 's a pretty complicated issue , but i certainly do hope that / r/europe does n't think we 're anti-gay or anything . 
  it 's really a few bad apples that ruin it for the rest . '', 
  c'mon , few bad apples ? 
  according to every possible survey , serbian society is virulently homophobic . 
  for example : `` the poll of 1,405 respondents from all over serbia in march this year showed that 56 percent of serbs considered homosexuality a danger to society , up from 50 percent in a 2008 survey . 
  another 53 percent agreed that state institutions should work on suppressing homosexuality . '', 
  in slovenia , automated defibrilators are quite common in public spaces ( at around 600 locations ) , usually in the vicinity of doorkeepers , receptionists , ... no problems with vandalism and theft so far . 
  yes , but only until border arbitration with croatia is concluded . 
  after that we will park it near krk , 
  we have a patrol boat ? 
  who knew , 
  serbia ( or slovenia ) is a pawn . 
  for russia or china . 
  all that really matters is situation on the ground . 
  prognosis : serbia in the eu , without kosovo . 
  everyone gives & takes ; slovenians gave up our `` cradle '' of ( now ) austrian steiermark/karnten ( but gained slovenian coast from italians ) . 
   you move on . 
  your life is not dependent to this . 
  un membership ? 
  they will get it in time . 
  patience . 
  even most stubborn counties eventually recognise the situation `` on the ground '' . 
  albanians are in the majority . 
  about kosovo population . 
  we will see ; they have a chance : to blow it ( like montenegro , truly a mafia state ) or make it .
