  sociopathology . 
  no real political scientist belives that she somehow speed up the fall of the eastern block . 
  none . 
  she did not 3 . ), 
  this is good , because the falklands are the ancient british teritory ? 
  or maybe not ? 
  except ... she did not do wonders for the british economy . 
  average growth was the same as in `` socialists '' '70 - at enormous social costs . 
  higgins is absolutely amazing . 
  another example : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5owrrjh-pi, 
  with single market , special deals ( regarding custums & tarrifs ) are not possible , so no : no special deals with russia . 
  to russia we export pharmaceuticals ( krka ) , telecommunications equipment ( iskratel ) , home appliances ( gorenje ) and building materials . 
  about agriculture : exports of food to bih could be affected ( do not know the tarrifs ) , but on the other hand , you get a free access to market of 500 million consumers with a much higher standard of living . 
  slovenian producers of food are among the least pleased about the croatian eu entry  the eu membership is an opportunity . 
  not painless , but with potential . 
  just do not get the euro ( too soon )  this was our capital mistake . 
   we were only electing 12 out of more than 750 seats in parliament , so majority of people had feeling that their voice is not that important with few years headstart , i can say this is quite wrong . 
  for a smaller countries , the ep elections are even more important . 
  bigger member states will get their way one way or another - simply because they are bigger . 
  smaller on the other hand ... you need the best people ( connected , with political expiriences ... ) to achieve something . 
  not saying that we have been succesfull 100 %  at the present , one of our meps is anti-abortion & fasting loonie ( http://englandexpects.blogspot.com/2009/02/how-far-can-politician-crawl-up-his-own.html ) . 
  some other dude is basically using his mep status to promote the work of his wife ... and we had a mep that was forced to resign because the times cought him on camera while discussing bribes for votes ... but we are trying to do better , 
  i do not know exactly what he means with eastern markets , but the eu membership will not kill exports to russia & other ex-soviet republics . 
  for example : russia is one of the biggest slovenian trade partners ( around 1 billion usd before the crisis ), 
  that germany does not exists . 
  there are two important & very longterm lessons for the european periphery : 1 . ), 
  do not trust germany ( never again & fuck them everywhere if there is a chance ) 2 . ), 
  there is no `` europe '' that will save/help you if you fail . 
  there is only germany , france , the netherlands . . greece . . italy ... nation states . 
  monet 's europe is dead even if integration will go on . 
  you bloody made assurances that you will never be left to the mercy of other states again . 
  `` decisive victory in the falklands war '' hey , it 's just 7913.06 miles away from london . 
  almost backyard of shakepeare , 
  i guess , the real problem is/was not deindustrialisation , but how it was done . 
  you can get from a to b with gradual transition or bang-you-are out . 
  the ( economic ) end result is ( somewhat ) similar , but social costs are not . 
  yes , this about votes is wrong . 
  about blair & deregulation : she started the revolution & won the battle of ideas for years to come . 
  blair is `` her child '' ( and was as a `` lefty '' allowed to go even further . 
  `` only nixon can go to china '' moment ) . 
  `` late in 2002 lady thatcher came to hampshire to speak at a dinner for me . 
  taking her round at the reception one of the guests asked her what was her greatest achievement . 
  she replied , `` tony blair and new labour . 
  we forced our opponents to change their minds . '', 
  after quick googling : yes , you are correct , milne ( embarrassingly ) wrong . 
  `` this is a politician , after all , who never won the votes of more than a third of the electorate ; destroyed communities ; created mass unemployment ; deindustrialised britain ; redistributed from poor to rich ; and , by her deregulation of the city , laid the basis for the crisis that has engulfed us 25 years later . 
  thatcher was a prime minister who denounced nelson mandela as a terrorist , defended the chilean fascist dictator augusto pinochet , ratcheted up the cold war , and unleashed militarised police on trade unionists and black communities alike . 
  she was britain 's first woman prime minister , but her policies hit women hardest , like cameron 's today . 
  a common british establishment view -- and the implicit position of the iron lady -- is that while thatcher took harsh measures and `` went too far '' , it was necessary medicine to restore the sick economy of the 1970s to healthy growth . 
  it did nothing of the sort . 
  average growth in the thatcherite 80s , at 2.4 % , was exactly the same as in the sick 70s -- and considerably lower than during the corporatist 60s . 
  her government 's savage deflation destroyed a fifth of britain 's industrial base in two years , hollowed out manufacturing , and delivered a `` productivity miracle '' that never was , and we 're living with the consequences today . !, 
  not true . 
  although the eu is far from omnipotent , it does have significant powers , especially in areas like judicial independence , media regulation , data protection , ... additionaly , we have also the council of europe and the organisation for security and cooperation in europe , specifically designed for the protection of human rights and freedoms . 
  there is no lack of mechanisms & tools , which could be used if there was enough political will . 
  import duties are harmonised ( common market ) , but the vat is not . 
  in democracy ( in which you do not belive ) , you are entitled to your opinions , but not your facts . 
  if facts do not correspond to your opinions , this is not the fault of `` modern people '' . 
  one of the greatest contributions of the `` european civilization '' to humanity is basically very simple : `` all god 's children are created equal '' . 
  after everything - money , power , might - will be gone , this will be the most important legacy of our civilisation . 
  equality , respect , difference ... and you will not be part of this legacy . 
  such a shame . 
  getting even more grotesque . 
  ok , so you were just talking with a microwave . 
  3 ) demands for marriage equality are demands for public recognition . 
  of course , i am extremely pleased that you equate marriage with another human being with marriage with dogs , microwave ovens ... 
  i get it . 
  for you it is basically the same . 
  microwave , human being ... who can know the difference ? 
  ok . then i just do not get it , why do you oppose the `` fascist '' label . 
  you are anti-democracy . 
  just pick : fascist , totalitarian , authoritarian ... where is your `` true '' masculine courage ? 
  only sociopaths see gay relationships ( or others , that fall outside their `` ideal '' ) as `` just fucking '' . 
  but i completely agree with you in another point : your ideal is tragic . 
  it produces only misery & suffering , nothing else . 
  2 ) oh  in short term . 
  in a way i am a bit glad , that we gays have so much long term influence on decision of majority population about marriage & children . 
  who would thought this is possible ?!, 
  now i see , it is essential for a long term survival of the civilisation that we are still pariahs . 
  otherwise straight couples will not get married and will not have children lol i always thought we are stronger people because of discrimination but never thought that we are so powerful . 
  huh , private act ? 
  so , how that this private acts are regulated by not so private state legislation , even constitution of retards like orban ? 
  not so private , or ? 
  btw in democracy of equals , there are no privileges . 
  and sexual orientation is not a `` preference '' , it is a characteristics same as gender , height , age , ... 
  real democrat , are you ? 
  btw according to the polls in every western democracy , you are not a simple `` conservative '' , persecuted by `` ultra-left '' . 
  you are an extremist and threats of violence surely do not help you . 
  you are an extremist , willing to sacrifice real people for your fairy tale ideals that never existed . 
  never . 
  not in `` modernity '' , not ever . 
  ideal is also `` people can fly '' ... 
  they do not . 
  and gay life is not low ideal , fallen ideal . 
  many gays in many ways represent the best of humanity : courage & free thinking & brotherhood & `` all people are gods children '' . 
  you fall shot on all accounts . 
  you are the prime example of low ideals . 
  to put it bluntly : no sane diplomat will reveal the negotiating position of his country if he would know that it would land in tomorrow newspapers of his adversary . 
  none . 
  if no one is willing to reveal its position , negotiations are not possible .
