  add . 
  there is a longstanding anecdote among eu expert , how different countries are operating inside/understanding the eu . 
  basically , there we two groups : group a are countries that can be very difficult to deal with in the eu institutions . 
  they object , drag their feet , ... but once rules have been agreed upon , they implement them 100 % . 
  group b are countries , that are quite easy to agree to almost everything , but they more or less suck at implementing agreed rules . 
  with hungary/poland/czech republic ... we got a third group that is actively dismantling valid eu law that they do not like . 
  this is quite new . 
  not just dragging feet & looking for loopholes , but acting against it in plain sight & pretending that an eu directive is optional . 
  really ? 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/press-room/20170308ipr65677/parliament-approves-revised-eu-gun-law-to-close-security-loopholes https://www.euractiv.com/section/politics/news/meps-finalise-watered-down-update-of-eu-gun-law/ btw the eu law takes precedence above national constitutions , so ... again : why do you need this in constitution ? 
  those countries are dictatorships because the right to carry arms is not in their constitution ? 
  wow, 
  it doesnt makes sense at all . 
  `` protect yourself from the government if it becomes tyrannical . '', 
  1 ) good luck with personal weapons against a government with vastly different resources 2 ) if the government becomes tyrannical , uprising will not be stopped by anti-gun laws , nor will its success depend on them `` hey , we should do revolution , lets grab some guns !, 
  - nah , ca n't do it , we are not allowed to carry guns !, 
  ok , lets forget it then . '', 
  2 ) `` also protect yourself from criminals if you live in a place that is isolated from the police '' not exactly relevant for majority of europe . 
  it 's just an import from us culture wars , that is really not needed here and has no historical/societal/constitutional background here . 
  that does not mean that people here do not own guns ( my father has 4 or 5 weapons as a hunter ) , but it is not a constitutional issue here . 
   clearly did n't , if they did , how would slovenians attack the jna first ? 
  not true . 
  first shot was fired on 27 june at 14:30 in diva\u010da by an officer of ypa . 
  why on earth do you need this in constitution ? 
  why ? 
  this looks like an american import that we really do not need in europe . 
  google `` liberal democracy '' . 
  i guess you do not understand the term . 
  talk about `` illberal democracy '' is not a conservative party stance , its far far right . 
  end . 
  at some point after independence , slovenia had an opportunity to join v4 . 
  for various reasons , it did not happen . 
  for long time , this was considered to be a mistake by slovenia . 
  with orban & co. . . not anymore . 
  we lost almost a decade , so we are hardly a proof that european post-crisis economic policy was successful . 
  also , slovenia is a small export oriented country & export sector is the only reason we ... somehow survived ( and saved us from troika ) . 
  exports account about for 77 % of the country 's gdp . 
  for comparision : export weltmeister germany : about 46 % . 
  no country of size of italy , spain or greece can replicate this , somebody has to buy stuff we are producing  please , buy slovenian , best stuff , even donald likes it . 
  it 's the best !, 
   migrant relocation does not solve anything , it does solve ( to some very limited degree ) the problem of people that are already in the eu and if you are not able to find a single person who is not just ( economic ) immigrant ( scary people , yes ... ) but legitimate refugee according to the international law among a pool hm ... around 1.3 million ppl ( or 160,000 included in quota system ) , you are just not trying at all . 
  at all . 
  there is no way you can put a lipstick on number 0 . 
   very good , it is their duty to do so , just like every other country ( poland included ) who has a schengen border . 
  i feel bad for wishing that , but i guess nothing would teach you better than expiriencing similar situation than greece & italy . 
  do not worry , we will send humanitarian packages and helpful advice . 
   any aid , be it packages , personnel or financial as i said : as long they stay in italy & greece . 
  btw ... `` financial help '' : `` in may , the european commission called on countries that refused to take in asylum seekers to pay a $ 250,000 ( # 212,000 ) `` solidarity contribution '' for every person brussels thought they should take . 
  the visegr\u00e1d quartet of central european states denounced the idea as blackmail . '', 
  tiny slovenia of 2 million ppl committed itself last year to taking 587 refugees and as far as i know , we do not need to chain them to stay here . 
  and we are really miles away from open door policy & refugees welcome . 
  we are mostly shitty in this regard , but compared to 0 ... 
  i guess we are not that bad , after all . 
   but how specifically is italy and greece paying for free movement in europe ? 
  italy and greece are taking those people , processing them according to the requirements of the international law and ( not ideally , but in some sense also quite heroically ) provide for them . 
  they are taking care of our common border , so that poland can have no border controls and free movement with neighbouring schengen countries . 
  they could just say fuck it , we have enough of being border officers of the eu , take care of your polish border alone & bring passport & wait for 2 hours in a que when entering italy , please . 
   instead of other ways of helping italy/greece and solving this issue . 
  sure . 
  as long as they stay in italy & greece , you are more than willing to send humanitarian packages and best wishes . 
  they have not accepted a single person ? 
  wow nobody was up to polish high standards for granting refugee protection ? 
  wow syria is a hellhole and they coud not find a single person who might really be fleeing because of that ? 
  i bet they like schengen and free movement across eu ? 
  really nice thing to have , poland ? 
  guess who is paying for this luxury ? 
  border countries like greece and italy . 
  but not a polish problem , ha ... ? 
  schengen system with common external border works only if benefits ( free movement ) and costs ( processing of asylum seekers in accordance with the international law ! ), 
  are shared . 
  poland wants only benefits ; just let italy and greece handle extraordinary migrant flows ... freeriders . 
   the debt in some countries will be impossible to pay . 
  banks going down . 
  debt to banks owned by whom would be impossible to pay ? 
  if euro falls , those countries would just default . 
  it would be painful for them , for sure , but it would be equaly painful for their lenders . 
  who is the lender ? 
  hm ... ( can i point to frankfurt ? ), 
  btw i 'm not that old , but i still remember when germany was considered sclerotic & an example of everything that is wrong with europe . 
  what really changed since then ? 
  hartz ( wage surpression ) + euro ( competitive advantage through currency that is undervalued compared to dm ) . 
  germany is currently employing typical beggar thy neighbour policy and thinks that it can last forever . 
  it wo n't . 
  music will stop at first le pen & co. victory at the latest . 
  and then it will be too late . 
  for europe , euro and germany . 
  and we all will be looking for shelters . 
  economics is an important part of sovereignity equation . 
  everyone can survive without euro but at what costs ? 
  there was no masterplan ( and situation in france is a testament of that ) , but here we are . 
  something must to be done . 
  if you want scary reading , i recommend serious documents about the fall of euro . 
  they include military on streets . 
  the uk is still in the eu and will be for almost 2 years . 
  effects of brexit will be really felt after that and will be long-term . 
  i am hard pressed to find any economic theory that this will be good for them . 
  but true extent of the price will be known after brexit actually happens . 
  when the euro & eu crash bacause of sch\u00e4uble , otto normalverbraucher will loose his job and move to hartz iv verbrauch . 
  because its short-sighted beyond belief . 
  an export-oriented economy needs succesful countries that are able to buy stuff produced .
