  he was part of a machine that is waging a war at the other end of the world . 
  this does not mean , that i agree with anjem choudary . 
  he is repulsive & attention whore . 
  but we have to put things in the right perspective . 
  hey , in slovenia the `` holy '' catholic church produced the biggest economic scandal in the history of the nation ( & probably since adam & eve step foot on the slovenian soil ) . 
  they lost about 1,3 billion euros in various financial shemes & dubious enterprises . 
  no other slovenian post-communist mafioso comes even close to that number . 
  and , yeah , they also knew `` nothing '' about the child abuse . 
  uh , serbo-croatian ? 
  this will not end well , 
  probably , 
  i am no expert in greek internal politics , but one is sure : you would get a much better eu deal if syriza would be allowed to win the last elections . 
  it was not ... the eu core used every scare tactics available . 
  they knew why ... and is beyond me , how pasok & new democracy are still supported by the greeks . 
  they brought you in this position . 
  they should be long dead . 
  look , i wish the greek people only the best . 
  there is absolutely no shadenfreude in my comments . 
  it pains me ... every news about greek unemployment , every news about gdp contraction . 
  i really wish for good news from greece . 
  but this is not that sort of news . 
  this is propaganda ... 
  there is time for introspection . 
  my country has to do it also after almost 18 years of growth without limits . 
  we were on track to overtake italy in few years . . now ... not so much . 
  and false optimism in times of criminal economic policy is extremely dangerous . 
  i like greece . 
  i wish i will be able to go to my beloved mykonos again & again without the fear that it was overtaken by the golden dawn . 
  impossible ? 
  today maybe not . . but if the contraction persists year after year ? 
  who knows ?? 
  excellent !, 
  `` for three years now , greece 's establishment regime is attempting to convince the world , and the greek people , that all is well in the best of all possible worlds . 
  the difference now is that the international press seems to be buying this propaganda . 
  speaking personally , i am tired of having to counter ` good news ' stories with analyses like the above for four long years now . 
  i wish i could also rejoice in the ` good news ' . 
  alas , it remains our moral duty to knock down ` good news ' stories the purpose of which is to propagate narratives the explicit purpse of which is to impede policy changes that may bring us genuinely good news . '', 
   but 2013 so far has been nothing but positive news hehehehe ... 
  i guess , you can spin q1 -5,3 % that way ... in a parallel universe . 
  i do not know which pr firm hired you , but it was a bad investment . 
  yeah ... in 2020 , everything will be fine ( maybe ) . 
  tell this to young greeks . 
   will be getting better . 
   ofcourse ... better comparing to what ? 
  to the pre-crisis level ? 
  dream on , no sane economist believes that . 
  one , two decades ... maybe . 
  better than somalia ? 
  sure . 
  but your mark of success is a country that has been ravaged by the civil war for years ... good job . 
  i have seen many post like this from you . 
  exactly the same propaganda , over and over again . 
  in times when you have 60 + % youth unemployment and are breaking every record in gdp contraction . 
  i hope you are paid well . 
  but for me ... it is a continuation of delusions the greek believed for so long because it was convenient . 
  it is time to wake up . 
  you are a third world country . 
  untold masses of unemployed , no social net , no universal healthcare ... people dying of aids because there is no medicine , drug addicts without needles , fascism ... 
  i must clarify one thing : there is no joy for me in this . 
  my country faces many challenges also . 
  but the worst thing in times of almost criminal economic policy is false optimism . 
  it will get much , much worse ... before it gets better ... someday . 
  probably . 
  but definitely not `` soon '' . 
  i repeat the question : what are you smoking ? 
  what greek recovery ? 
  where ? 
  how ? 
  in comparision to greece , japan 's lost decade looks like the golden age . 
  it has been obvious for a quite a long time , that grexit is not on the table . 
  not because of greece , because of the eu core . 
   it will likely take at least 5 years for greece to get back to pre-crisis levels . 
  you feel very ... olympic ? 
  prognosis : greece will face many , many more quarters of negative growth in the future . 
  where is the bottom ? 
  nobody knows ... and only then an anemic growth will follow . 
  another lost decade is assured . 
  it is a very long road from -5,3 to growth ... and to catching up for lost gdp . 
  what is he smoking ? 
  i want that . 
  `` greece 's economic output fell by 5.3 percent in the first quarter of 2013 , compared to a year earlier , according to figures published the hellenic statistical authority on wednesday . 
  ... greece 's first quarter contraction was the 19th consecutive quarter of recession and the largest shrinkage in the european union . '', 
   their references are gandhi and martin luther king ... both are spinning in their graves . 
  but on the other hand you have the island of mykonos , where gay tourists probably outnumber straight ones . 
   first , sexual deviation is a medical term , it 's used by doctors and while calling someone a deviant can carry negative conotations , it 's still a valid term . 
  it is still valid , but has not been for homosexuality since 1973 !, 
  40 years !, 
  homosexuality is a variant of normal sexuality . 
  it depends ... for me ( i am a gay man ) ... he is deeply offensive ( homosexuality = pedophilia ) . 
  but more important is this : none of his argument survive logical/historical scrutiny . 
  he is just repeating total bullshit . 
  he would get less downvotes if he could produce a coherent & rational argument ... 
  but he is just repeating shit . 
  downvotes are result of this . 
  yeah . 
  but is a bureaucratic nonsense . 
  ( btw slovenia has the same stupid solution : you can not adopt as a gay couple , you have to adopt as a single person first ... and then your partner adopts your child ... 
  it is a solution , but is crazy . 
  but our courts found a loophole : if a gay cople adopts a kid in foreign country , this adoption is recognized in slovenia ( and both are legally recognized as parents ) . 
  they are .
