  you did . 
  `` when we trade internationally we all get wealthier . '', 
   oh this is just footling nonsense . 
  no , it is crucial . 
  nothing will destroy globalization more than ignoring the basic fact , that the vast parts of the population are not benefiting from the bigger pie . 
  and that everyone can not became a computer programmer or financial analyst . 
   when we trade internationally we all get wealthier . 
  it 's not so simple - even in the most simplest trade models . 
  society as a whole gets wealthier , but there are also losers . 
  in the developed world , loosers are , for example , low-skilled workers with declining wages for quite a few decades now . 
  as my intl. 
  treade professor said : globalization is great , but we need to distribute its gains justly . 
  we suck at that second part . 
  gains from globalizations are not distributed equally , even more : most of the gains go to the top 1 % , which is increasingly corrosive for the society & democracy . 
  i totally agree , that protectionism would be the last blow to the european economies at the moment , but this does not mean we can sell trade globalization as a totally non-problematic development . 
  agree . 
  this year will be crucial - if we somehow manage to avoid troika , we get the chance to gradually recover . 
  if not , we are looking to another lost decade . 
  but something very important also is gradually changing : our 500 + years adulation of everything german . 
  `` in the short run , the divergence in borrowing costs between weaker and stronger countries hurts economic recovery efforts . 
  banks paying more to borrow have to lend at higher rates . 
  that 's partly because french , german and u.k. banks have been reducing their lending to banks and companies in southern european countries . 
  in 2010 , when ireland had to bail out its banks and was prevented from imposing losses on creditors , lenders based in those three countries had $ 112 billion of exposure to the irish banking system . 
  by the end of september 2012 , that was down to $ 31 billion , according to the bank for international settlements . 
  while a country breakdown showing who owns slovenia 's bank debt is n't available , total foreign exposure to lenders in the adriatic nation fell by 50 percent in a year to $ 3 billion at the end september , bis data show . 
  ` run away ' `` now that the bankers have run away from the periphery , german and french politicians no longer care about bank creditors , '' said paul de grauwe , an economics professor at the london school of economics . 
  `` germany now says taxpayers should n't bear the costs of bank restructuring , but what it really means is german taxpayers should n't . 
  slovenian or cypriot people are stuck with the costs since german bankers are gone . '' http://mobile.bloomberg.com/news/2013-04-30/slovenia-bank-rescue-costing-20-of-gdp-means-no-escaping-eu-aid.html, 
  hehe  no , we were much more efficient : we managed to screw up the country in ... 4-5 years . 
  until 2004-05 we were even on the side of the creditors ... 
  but then the debt orgies began . 
  it was real until 2005 at least . 
  our netto debt position in 2004 was positive for almost 1 billion usd ( we had more claims than debt obligations ) . 
  but then the spending spree started and exploded with eurozone membership & cheap money . 
  mainly two things : 1 . ), 
  spectacular real estate boom & crash 2 . ), 
  botched privatisation in 04 - 08 via management buyouts both were financed by state owned banks that are now in big trouble . 
  in many respects ( public debt , unemployment , small financial sector ... ) , we are still doing better than many , but we are not france ( or italy ) & can be easily be blackmailed by the financial markets . 
  all hell broke loose with incredibly incompetent eu `` saving '' of cyprus . 
  we were the next obvious and easy target . 
  for the next year , there is still a slight hope to achieve minimal 1 % gdp growth . 
  but if we are cut from access to financial markets and greeted by troika , all hope is lost . 
  in many ways we are buying time to get past the german elections . 
  now i understand how the famous ecb study could establish that majority of european households are wealthier than german households , including slovenian , which was major wtf ?!, 
  we are sitting on a mountain of hugely overpriced real estate ... if we only did not have a mountain of debt , too , 
   the danish average m2 price is dkk11 ,689 ( $ 1,571 ) average m2 price ( flat , used ) in slovenia at the end of 2012 : 2102 euros ( after 4 years of crisis ) oh , we are ... in trouble . 
  `` more than 650,000 children are considered orphans in russia - though some were rejected by their parents or taken from dysfunctional homes . 
  of that total , 110,000 lived in state institutions in 2011 , according to the ministry of science and education . 
  by contrast , in the united states - which has more than twice russia 's population - about 58,280 children were living in group homes and institutions last year , according to the u.s. department of health and human services . '', 
   what happens when the child starts asking questions like , ` why did society decide i did n't need a mom/dad ? ', 
  how do you answer that question ? 
  why is this a question for s.c. society ? 
  this is a quiestion for perspective biological/social parents & and it seems that they have no trouble answering it . 
  society should be involved only if there was harm to children . 
  there is not . 
  kids are ok . 
  that 's true . 
  question : if hollande looses the next elections ... is there a viable chance that marriage equality would be abolished ? 
  will this be part of the voting platform of the right ? 
  this time , with violence , threaths and attacks directed against the group that is clearly a minority , demonstrations could be even less `` great '' & benign . 
  `` four people have been detained on suspicion of carrying out an attack at a lille gay bar , the interior ministry said thursday , amid nationwide tensions over a bill that would legalize gay marriage . '', 
  although i think that americans reacted significanty better to the boston attack than in previous episoded ( only some fringe right-wing dumbasses called for further erosion of civil rights , for example ) , the whole ordeal is still strange from european perspective . 
  if the uk reacted to the ira this way , london would be closed for decades  or spain ( eta ) , italy , germany ( raf ) , ... on a bit wider note , there are 2 things i absolutely do not want to get imported from the us . 
  fuck it , i do not get it at all & do not want it , ever . 
  ultra-patriotism and endless adulation of military . 
  for me , the usa are deeply militaristic society that i found deeply troubling . 
  for example : military presence and adulation at the sport events ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h37o03x_ch0 or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9hocmoyp7c ) . 
  this scares the hell out of me . 
  all joking aside , i still fail to see how falklands war could be seen as a boost to the uk . 
  you were victorious in a war with a 3rd world country over an islands with few sheeps . 
  no real strategic importance , no major resources ... falklands are not china , india ... everything just confirmed , that you are the 2nd rate power , marginaly better than at the debacle at suez canal . 
  the best days long over . 
  lol, 
  really ? 
  you really feel that the teritory 10k km away belongs to you ? 
  what about croatian islands ? 
  some are still inhabited , even today . 
  opportunity for you ? 
  hahahaha no real political scientist believes ... you : here are the economist , the guardian & ft & some polish politician ? 
  are you joking ? 
  let me say something from the other side of the `` iron curtain '' : she was nothing , below the importance of inability to buy the latest levi 's jeans . 
  much lower . 
  since the ww2 , the uk is not an agent of anything at the european stage . 
  zero . 
  it is good only for trash press . 
  and invading the islands of 3rd world countries . 
  oh , thank you  so i am fascist because i think that the uk has no right to claim a territory 12734 km from london ? 
  really , congratulations for pseudo-referendum among the people who originated ... from where exactly ? 
  oh ... colonialism pure & simple . 
  average growth was no better than in `` sclerotic '' '70s . 
  so ... it is hard to talk about `` revival '' . 
  yes & no . 
  reinhart & rogoff are heavyweights in their field & they have to be blamed and shamed for such a mistake . 
  they are not innocent . 
  in a more perfect world , this should be a career-ending mistake . 
  for christ sake , they are economists at the one of the most prestigious universities in the world . 
  maybe . 
  but stable for whom ? 
  the britain at the end of '70 was a nation in a desperate need for significant structural reforms , no doubt about it . 
  what she did as a response to that was true political evil .
