  we would get only posturing for the media . 
  public oversight is crucial and very important , but not in every step of negotiations . 
  koch example is not a problem of diplomatic secrecy ; it runs deeper . 
  kochs can buy media & politicians . 
  they can buy media , that will report about your `` transparent '' diplomacy without secrecy . 
  do you know how will they spin it ? 
  traditional masculinity ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  probably this http://www.gaystarnews.com/article/exploitation-%e2%80%98dancing-boys%e2%80%99-afghanistan-exposed090412 2 . ), 
  oh , so it is economics , not gays ? 
  interesting , because in answer 4 and your general thinking , it is gays , again . 
  or modernity . 
  how is equal = special ? 
  oh , some straight people do not want children , but gays with their demands for marriage and an opportunity to have children are to blame ? 
  lol btw is it modernity or economics again ? 
  you will have to make up you mind . 
  i know you are . 
  every true fascist is . 
  i did not ; `` traditional family '' is a fairy tale , an illusion . 
  people never lived like that , they were just better at hipocrisy while they were sadistically torturing `` bastards '' . 
  although i do no work for microsoft directly , i can safely say that they are almost paranoid about bribery/corruption risks . 
  if this really happened , it is contrary to every rule , even the whole corporate culture of microsoft . 
  agree . 
  even though i oppose acta fiercely , without some degree of secrecy the diplomacy is simply not possible ( this can be abused , of course ) . 
  it would deviate into mass media spectacle . 
  wrong on all counts . 
  even in countries with the largest populations , muslims do not have the power to tip the scale . 
  even more : they are not monolithic . 
  though he first generation is generally more socially conservative , the next are not so much . 
  even in countries with large integration problems , the majority of immigrants is integrated/assimilated in time . 
  it just takes a bit longer ... 2 . 
  funny fact : the socially conservative eastern europe in demographic winter ( russia especially is a total wreck ) vs socially progressive northern countries with long tradition of gay rights and one of the best natality rates in developed world at the same time . 
  and , btw , how are things in hungary ? 
  gay discrimination will not help to prevent population decline of ee one bit , on contrary : due to emigration of gay people , the situation will be even worse . 
  that is one of the reason , for example , that every hi-tech company in silicon valley supports marriage equality : they know , that they have to attract the best people , including gay ones . 
  and eastern europe ? 
  not a single child more will be born if gays are denied marriage and respect . 
  none . 
  because straight people do not think like `` oh , my , if our gay neighbours can get married , then we will not have children . '', 
  no one thinks like that . 
  even more : discrimination is an important obstacle for gay people getting children . 
  strong nation rhetoric ( with so strong fascist overtones , that i can not ignore ) . 
  what is a strong nation ? 
  denmark with 5 million and 40,908 $ gdp per capita or hungary with almost 10 millions and gdp per capita of 21,663 $ ? 
  `` traditional family '' as constructed by social conservatives almost never existed . 
  it is a fairy tale . 
  fun fact : in 19 . century ljubljana , almost 1/3 of children were born out of wedlock , even when this was one of the biggest social/religious taboos . 
  it depends , what are you trying to classify . 
  if it is sex , the classification via reproductive anatomy is in most cases pretty simple & relatively unimportant . 
  all the fun starts with gender ( social norms & constructions what it means to be a `` man '' or `` woman '' ) and gender identity . 
  as a proud gay man , i can say only this : fuck you and your fascist mentality . 
  and let me inform you : times of `` just do their thing in the queer clubs on the margins '' & '' special social respect for traditional , conservative child-making families '' are over . 
  over . 
  latvia as `` a success story '' in one picture . 
  `` once they are broken , this can be done . '', 
  except this never happens . 
  you know why ? 
  because you just get another mafia , maybe in different colour . 
  this line of reasoning was and still is in some degree peddled also by the slovenian right wing parties . 
  as it turned out , they were not really against informal networks , corruption , political control of state companies , and mafia dealings ... they just wanted to be the ones controlling this shit . 
  end result is : two corrupt political elites in different colors . 
  not much of a choice . 
  the headache after orban will be disastrous , there is no doubt about it . 
  absolutely none . 
  `` power corrupts , and absolute power corrupts absolutely . '', 
  it think you are misunderstanding the concept of plebiscitary leadership democracy 2 . ), 
  power of informal networks , corruption ... can only be counterbalanced by more transparency , checks & balances , independent institutions and so on ... 
  the orbanization is moving totally in other direction . 
  you are in for a very nasty surprise . 
  even more ; sometimes it was pure comedy gold . 
  for example : http://img.rtvslo.si/upload/foto_zgodba/podobnik5_show.jpg so embarrassing . 
  and funny . 
  and embarrassing , again . 
  the issue is far more complex . 
  timeline : http://www.sloveniatimes.com/slovenia-and-croatia-solving-painful-lb-deposits-issue, 
  it is far from meaningless : it is selfdefeating . 
  gdp in 2012 : -2,3 % the latest ec forecast for 2013 : -2 % ( forecast from november 2012 : -1,6 % ), 
  first austerity budget was for 2012 ( now defunct pro-austerity government was elected in 2011 ) . 
  approval rating of the government is somewhere between 10 - 20 % . 
  so , almost everybody wants them to go , but there is one tiny problem : there is not much of a choice . 
  on the left you have social-democrats , which did not exactly excel in 2008-2011 , and positive slovenia party with the leader accused of corruption . 
  on the right you have batshit insane ruling party sds , religiously insane nsi and citizens list , which is a weird combination of right-wing libertarians and bureaucrats ( true slovenian political innovation here lol ) . 
  everybody is waiting for a miracle in the form of new faces and parties . 
  is he that bad ? 
  you know him better ... 
  meh , europe u so boring  slovenia : * how to remove corrupt pm and his cult/party from power . 
  although he lost parliamentary majority , due to modeling our constitution after german model it is not that easy , especially if the opposition does not agree on anything . 
  last week the anticorruption commission published report about employment of pm daughter and a son of another prominent ruling cult politician in a state-owned company . 
  as expected : clear case of nepotism . 
  * early elections , again ( the last were held in 2011 ) : when , how , will anything change ? 
  * government austerity program wreaking the economy even faster than anticipated : http://www.sloveniatimes.com/free-fall-eu-forecasts-5-1-deficit-2-gdp-contraction * horsemeat everywhere * snow , that white shit from the sky . 
  * but there is one bright spot : due to lack of money , public television officials selected our eurovision entry in some dark room ( no televoting and such nonsense ) . 
  it is quite bad , as always , so i kindly ask fellow europeans not to vote for us . 
  vote for germany . 
  winning would kill our public tv budget for next decade . 
   while there is plenty of employment opportunities for less skilled labour not sure if true and totally depends on the profession . 
  as more qualified you may have to wait a bit longer for the first job , but after that the pay ( not everywhere but on average ) and carreer opportunities are significantly better . 
  slovenian problem is not overqualified labour force , it 's economic crisis . 
  in better years we had no problems with labour supply structure . 
  so , if i undestand this correctly : the end-game of capitalism looks very , very similar to socialism : few brands , very little choice for end-consumer ?
