  but we should not base our morals on our perception of `` nature '' . 
  nature is deeply amoral ( as we understand `` morality '' ) . 
  nature kills millions without remorse . 
  tsunamis , cancer , drought ... because of this ... every argument `` but it is not `` natural '' should be dismissed swiftly . 
  humans have reason and conscience . 
  nature does not . 
  yep ... if i understand google translate text correctly , gay people are still not able to adopt a child as a couple . 
  it is still a step in the right direction . 
   people have always adopted children of their deceased relatives , for example , and that has certainly happened since prehistory . 
  no , they did not . 
  for example ancient greece : kids without parents were = slaves . 
   i do n't care what the gay advocates say , children from incomplete families will always be worse off . 
  it is science but you would not know anything about that ... so we will leave it there . 
   i do n't know about any two gay animals running around and raising their offspring . 
  you demonstrated your ignorance clearly enough . 
   no , it 's dangerous for the children it is not . 
   just as for the whole society . 
  society benefits enormously : more kids have homes & ( social ) parents that care for them . 
   endangers the children 's development it does not . 
   it destabilizes the whole society by jeopardizing the main function of family as a social unit it does not . 
   pedophilia is a sexual deviation , not a crime . 
  just as homosexuality . 
  ok , little reddit troll : just fuck off . 
   adoption has always existed as an important social institution . 
  no , it did not . 
  attitues towards adoption vary extremely throughout human history . 
  united states in 1851 ( ! ), 
  enacted the world 's first law establishing the adoption of a minor child into a family . 
  adoption is we know it today is a very new development . 
   gay adoption only victimizes the child . 
  kids are all perfectly ok . 
   homosexuals are not meant to marry or adopt children , because it 's biologically unnatural institutions of marriage & adoption are not a matter of biology/nature . 
  are animals running around with marriage certificates and adoption papers ? 
   makes no practical sense due to their inability as a couple to beget children . 
  it makes perfect practical sense , because ding-ding-21st-century-calling gay people have children . 
  children live with gay couples and marriage/adoption rights make their life considerably easier . 
  tnx , but ... what exactly happened ? 
  what did they do ? 
  so young , so full of hate & ignorance , bordering on sociopathology . 
  what is interesting : catholic church & members in the western world are regressing into position , formerly occupied by hardcore fundamentalists sects : minority status , hierarchy above anything else , militant attitudes , dogmatism , `` no compromise with the truth '' ... 
  it is a shame that the catholic church is unable to find its progressive roots . 
  because of this failure it will only rot & decline . 
  could you please explain a little bit more what happened with syriza ? 
  voters can change the constitution directly through a referendum ?? 
  oh ... jeba  ... where is this ? 
  hm ... too seriously ? 
  i do not know ... 
  i just respect the value of good design & hard work & talent of good designers . 
  being quiet about design that is mediocre at best is the same as telling designers that their work is without value , importance . 
  it 's just `` decor '' . 
  but it is not . 
  i know ... for my reddit karma it would be much better if i could keep my mouths shut . 
  luckily ( or sadly ) i fail at this almost every time . 
  croatia has come a long way from techno-parties-100 % - busted-by-the-police ( and insane criminal system , where smoking a joint was a misdemenor and criminal offence at he same time , with 2 different fines ) ... to summer festival mecca . 
  but , please , do not go `` ibiza '' all the way ... with obscenely drunk ( usually british ) tourists & cheap booze as the main selling point . 
  do not go that http://www.theworld.org/wp-content/uploads/hotelspain.jpeg route . 
  no , still no real connection . 
  it 's bad , amateurish at best , totally generic , nonsensical ... oh , downvotes ... 
  i do not care , do n't bother . 
  ok , this will not be popular , but the logo is ... very bad . 
  no connection to the existing eu design language , generic , bland ... 
  ok , so how is the debt/gdp situation , if you deduct saving accounts from morgages ? 
  it 's about historical `` accident '' , ecosystem & money the us government is pumping into silicon valley via various defence & other contracts . 
  all these companies did not develop in vacuum . 
  they had very rich support from their local background . 
  apple was possible only in the environment , where you had innovative culture of xerox & co. . enabler of microsoft was ibm & co. ... google developed from the rich culture of standford & silicon valley start-up support environment ... and so on . 
  it 's a survey based on perception of corruption and basically tells very little , except that the general climate in slovenia is quite bad at the moment & that corruption has been the main media topic for quite some time ( not without cause , but we are totally overreacting ) . 
  let 's say that we are taking very badly the simple fact that our economy will not grow non stop ... there will be slumps . 
  after 91 we were conditioned that every next year will be better than the last . 
  for a nation , that had been used to be regarded as the best pupil for so long ( best in yugoslavia , eu membership , first among ex-communists states with euro ... ) , we are now in state of national depression . 
   investors are fleeing to safe havens such as the dollar , sek , nek and the swiss franc , even the pound is considered a safe haven and finland , germany , belgium ( !, 
  debt at 98 % gdp ) ... core euro contries are not excluded . 
   this mainly due to investors trusting ( market confidence ) these nations to implement policy that will rebound their respective economy . 
  not sure ...  because they do n't have any control over their monetary policy , that control is firmly in the hands of berlin and paris , hence we see their borrowing costs go up . 
  agree , with small exception : paris has very little control over eurozone policy . 
  hollande inabilty to change course of austerity boat is telling . 
  germany is running the show almost solo . 
  must be a very humiliating expirience for paris . 
  not with buying bonds with negative yields . 
  last year : `` yields on 2-year government bonds are negative in six european countries : switzerland , denmark , germany , the netherlands , finland and austria . 
  a negative bond yield means investors are essentially paying governments to hold their money , turning the standard borrower-lender relationship on its head . '', 
  http://www.economy.com/dismal/article_free.asp?cid=232885&amp;src=ce_asp but this was not what i was trying to say ; no need repeting it , it is perfectly nicely said in the reuters article linked above . 
  funny fact : the euro was demanded by the french for `` oui '' on german unification . 
  germans said `` jawohl '' , but wanted somesort of fiscal union , too . 
  french & co. declined . 
  oh , the irony . 
  i do know much about `` real '' giulio , apart from the movie ( really worth watching ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cw-qm-licpa, 
  this is beyond retarded . 
  a ) finnish taxpayers are paying for loans we gave to greece . 
  b ) no , they are not . 
  you government is making money from that . 
  a ) finnish taxpayers are paying for more expensive government bonds because of eurozone / greeks ... ( as this study i do not understand shows ) ... b ) no , they are not . 
  your government can issue bonds at incredible low costs because of the eurozone mess & greeks ... 
  but to no avail . 
  like a faulty record . 
   besudes , you ignored my question on how you want to build a union without the rule of law ? 
  with little more knowledge about the matter , i hope . 
  and now really : the end from my side . 
  what do i care ; leave the euro if you are so unable to understand that its continued existence directly benefits your country . 
  germany does .
