  greeks made a colossal mistakes in the past , maybe it is your turn to make a few of them , too . 
   and , like i told you , the finnish tax payers are not better off. , they are in fact worse off , like this study implies , in comparison with their neighbours , sweden and denmark who also do not have to borrow money to lend to greece , which finland did you have absolutely no idea what are you talking about . 
  none . 
  yes , bond spreads are killing greece & co. and the eurozone membership is a large part of that story ( as linked study claims ) , but this is not the case of finland , considered as a safe haven for money fleeing periphery ( as germany ) . 
  http://www.suomenpankki.fi/en/tilastot/korot/pages/tilastot_arvopaperimarkkinat_velkapaperit_viitelainojen_korot_en.aspx http://research.nordeamarkets.com/en/files/finland-rfgb-re-openings-2012-1022.pdf so ... i guess i will stop trying at this point . 
  it is beyond pointless . 
  no way ... they can not pay their loans back , but : eurozone governments have been so far spared of write-off on greek debt and it will very likely stay that way - if greece keeps the euro . 
  they will get paid back . 
  private investors are a different matter . 
  lol  explain to me why we should break the law . 
  no need . 
  fiscal / banking unions are complex legal challenges . 
  some experts on the eu law claim no new treaties are needed , some object ... but there is absolutely no certainty at the moment about this issue . 
  you ? 
  you are screaming like crazy . 
   you seem to think it is all right and proper that a finnish tax payer pay off greece debt . 
  after showing you that the finnish tax payer is better of exactly because of greek troubles ? 
   why are you mad about bonds ? 
  i have no problem with bonds ; i am just fed up of this shit how the poor xy taxpayers is loosing money because of greeks & co.  are you going to invade everyone . 
  you are free to leave . 
  it will be much , much better for all that you leave if you want to block something that is terribly needed for a long-term viability of the eurozone . 
  and , believe me , you do not want greece & co. out of the eurozone . 
  then all that bonds would be lost in the rain of drachmas ... with majority of tbtf northern banks . 
  then the real bill for the finnish taxpayer would come . 
  `` unintended consequence of the crisis '' it must be a very warm , fuzzy feeling profiteering on greek taxpayers , or ? 
   invade finland if they refuse to pay off the portuguese debt ? 
  and how do you think greece feels now when the finland is making profit from greek debt ? 
  `` last year , the finnish central bank contributed 227 million euros to the finnish budget as a result of profits made on the greek , spanish and portuguese government bonds it holds , 40 million euros more than it made in 2011 . 
  this year , the profit should rise to 360 million . '', 
   if this is the eu , i hope serbia never joins it . 
  although the eu system of protection of agricultural trademarks is probably not perfect , it is gazillion times better than situation before when the producers were faced with a total mess of national legislations and international agreements . 
   slovenia is 63/61 !, 
  not any more ; now it 's 65 for both genders . 
   would it have made any difference if the countries with serious problems had raised the retirement age 3 or 4 years ago by 3 or 4 years instead of massive cuts for the current problems : not really ( long term is another story ) . 
  we expect to save few 100 millions of euros per year because of new retirement age & it is welcome , but ... in many ways it is a drop in the ocean . 
  fuck , lifesitenews ? 
  really ? 
  / europe , now with links to hateful sites of christian fundamentalists . 
  great . 
   by necessity , this will entail adoption rights for homosexuals as a perfect way of recruiting young children for their community . 
  hehe  okay.jpg is tame . 
  fuckdidyoureadthearticledumbass.jpg is more appropriate . 
  more open market & prices : yeah , i do not support open markets in agriculture . 
  price is not everything ( there is also stability of supply , self-supply ... ) , but more importanly : without some sort of protection , there would be no slovenian agriculture . 
  without some sort of non-market price fixing , the french and american farmers would destroy us . 
  on international markets , we are utterly uncompetitive because of the size of our farms and terrain ( alps , mountains , almost 60 % of the country is covered with forrest ) . 
  is cap the best thing ever ? 
  of course is not , it is a prime example of the eu horse trading where france gets farm subsidies and the country xz gets something totally unrelated in return . 
  is it getting better ? 
  maybe . 
  the budget for cap in 2013 will represent 39 % of the whole eu budget ( eu budget represents around 1 % of the eu 's gdp ) . 
  this is significantly less than a few years / decade ago . 
  if switzerland demonstrates anything , it is exactly the opposite of your claim : that you play by the eu rules in or outside the eu . 
  btw alpine austria , covered with forests , has a highly succesfull , ecological & small-farms agriculture that is markedly different than french . 
  before the eu entry , austrian farmers complained trough the roof . 
  `` the eu will destroy us . '' ... 
  now , they are interestingly very quiet . 
  wonder why ... 
   of course it has to do with the fact that we are smaller . 
  i come from a country with 2 million ppl ; so my vote at the national elections would count even more , a ? 
  but it does not ; our farming will always be affected by the interests/decisions of the french & german ... we can have a nice & uber independent parliament outside the eu that writes nice little laws every tuesday and friday - and they will be just pieces of useless paper . 
  that 's globalisation , interdependence & interconnectedness . 
  with the eu , we at least have a seat at the table and a chance to engage in famous eu haggling . 
  this paper by guy verhofstadt is a little bit dated , but i think it illustrates very well the main possible pillars of the use ( http://www.euraction.org/committee/newsletter/verhofstadt.pdf ) : european social-economic policy . 
  the basis of this joint strategy is convergence , determining minimum and maximum requirements , including in areas such as social protection and taxation , to serve as the basis for the member states ' future development . 
  in this way the european economy can become competitive again without descending to social dumping . 
  research & development . 
  the ` united states of europe ' will also have to step up its efforts in the areas of research and development and the establishment of transeuropean information networks . 
  justice & security . 
  furthermore , we will need a single european area of justice and security if we are to fight crime more effectively . 
  finally , we need to set up joint armed forces and conduct a foreign policy through which europe speaks with one voice . 
  ... more recent proposal i agree with in principle with comes from ( lol ) the uk : `` history suggests that the current crisis requires the immediate creation of an anglo-american style fiscal and military union of the eurozone -- a `` democratic union '' . 
  this would involve the creation of a european parliament with legislative powers ; a one-off federalising of all state debt through the issue of union bonds to be backed by the entire tax revenue of the common currency zone ( with a debt ceiling for member states thereafter ) ; the supervised dissolution of insolvent private-sector financial institutions ; and a single european army , with a monopoly on external force projection . 
  this is the only solution that will enable europeans to mobilise in pursuit of their collective interest rather than against each other , and integrate germany economically and militarily into the larger whole , without disenfranchising the german people or any other population of the union . '', 
  i can not ( studied political science with focus on political economy ) . 
  but i understand this like : derivatives are intra-banks/financial instututions bets and the db is the top dog , which means it alone could cause a systemic failure . 
  after all db bets are netted ( set off against each other at market value ) , they are left with more assets than liabilities ... in theory , until ... until something extraordinary happens , like domino collapse of other financial institutions because of ... like inability of eu periphery to save its own failed banks ( betting partners ) with taxpayer money  why is it important ? 
  because it explains the german austerity drive very well : it was never about growth , unemployment , ... this is collateral damage . 
  it is about tbtf banks like the db . 
   the same will not be true of europe . 
  no one said that the federal europe will be copy-paste of the us . 
   the current situation is not an impetus for closer integration when it is integration that got europe into this mess . 
  we are in this mess because the crucial part of integration - euro - was half baked ( no banking union , no common fiscal policy etc ) . 
  so , yes , the current mess is an impetus for closer integration . 
   it would n't be a return . 
  we are still in the ' `` single market '' ' . 
  we are way past single market for a long time . 
  i know , i know , thatcher sold you the eu as a `` simple '' single market . 
  what can i say ... you should read the papers of the founding fathers more carefuly ? 
    do you think we need belgian and irish diplomats negotiating the terms of how we export london 's financial services ? 
  you mean the european parliament and government ... btw they already do . 
   do you think france needs ( or would even stand for ) british diplomats negotiating wine trade deals ? 
  they already do . 
  but they are not called british diplomats , they are called european commissioners . 
   and while we 're on the topic of united institutions , you think a united states of europe could handle a giant centralised health care service akin to the nhs ? 
  i do now know , but there is no need to have it either . 
  with united institutions are ment mainly political institutions at the federal level ( parliament , government , ... ) . 
  even us states have vastly different health-care systems . 
   how do you redistribute wealth across a use ? 
  probably via structural and regional funds .
