  it does . 
  it even says so in the link you provided . 
  slovenian politics can be ... idiotic , maddening , confused ... but let me tell you one thing : this is it , the last stand of slovenia . 
  it 's over . 
  there will be no more discussion about the border except discussion how to implement the arbitration solution . 
  not because the solution is ideal for slovenia ( it 's far from it ) , but it is something we can live it it & and end this shit once & and for all . 
  do u really think your judge did not phone home ? 
  slovenia blocked your eu entry and forced you to arbitration process to settle this issue , that was poisoning our relations since our independence , once & for all . 
  after blockade was dropped , croatian politics was looking for an excuse to get out of arbitration . 
  they got one ... but very likely not a very good one , because otherwise arbitration would be stopped and founding members of the eu would not be so forceful as they are atm . 
   for us if only they played it by the rules nope , croatian politics was never interested and still is not to solve this issue . 
  drnov\u0161ek-ra\u010dan agreement was very similar to arbitration solution . 
  it was promptly torpedoed by the croation side and ra\u010dan is ... almost a traitor ? 
  text ( in slovenian , but it really expains slovenian point of view and some backstory ) : https://borutsuklje.com/2017/06/30/skrivnostno-kosilo-v-restavraciji-baltazar/ add . 
  if croatian politics would be prepared to solve this , they would move towards accepting arbitration results . 
  because they are ... good compromise . 
  no side can be declared a winner , both lost something , both gained something . 
  it is as good as it gets . 
  croatia will very likely to get an opportunity to prove these grounds at the international court of justice and/or the court of justice of the european union , because it 's quite obvious that slovenia will sue if the decision is not implemented in a reasonable timeframe . 
   the arbitration is non binding ... bla bla bla everything else look at what u signed . 
  what are u drinking ? 
  decision was binding and final . 
  both parties nominated 2 national judges , all others are creme of the creme of international law class . 
  your case falls appart at the question who decides that the process was irreparably damaged ? 
  parties in conflict ? 
  hell , no . 
  this would be the end of arbitration as a tool in general . 
  for slovenia and the eu , the border was defined today . 
  it would help if you would just look at the ruling and found out that it is ... something we can all live with it ? 
  we should be allies in the eu , not this shit ... take care , 
  add . 
  u know what is insane ? 
  that i can travel to austria/italy/hungary without border stops , but not to croatia ? 
  just let us think about this for a while . 
  hm , third party arbiters had been named after slovenian arbiter resigned and croatian was recalled . 
  in my opinion , majority of slovenians just want this to be over . 
  all ueber-nationalistic troublemakers aka podobnik from sls party are long gone and people like jo\u0161ko joras are just ridiculed ( actually , many people were cheering today that joras will stay stay in croatia ) . 
  we want this issue to be gone as soon as possible . 
  and croatia in schengen , 
  it will happen 100 % . 
  or do u really think you will just rubber stamp serbian eu membership with unresolved borders ? 
  tragedy of slo-cro relations is , that despite many common interests , we do not act accordingly . 
  bla bla bla about friendship is cheap , but countries act upon common interests . 
  it 's tragic that because of the border isssue , slovenia sees friends in austria , germany ... but not in croatia . 
  slo-cro border issue is not unique to balkan . 
  the solution by the arbitration court is also not entirely unique . 
  it has been done before . 
  what will in the end absolve us ... if we will be able put this behind us . 
   and you got there first , so you used that fine opportunity to `` bully us '' hold that thought until serbia eu membership talks . 
  ground : https://www.scribd.com/document/352531893/odlo\u010ditev-arbitra\u017enega-sodi\u0161\u010da#from_embed ( around page 283 ), 
  you can not , really . 
  slo-cro arbitration agreement is a template for resolving border disputes in all ex-yu countries . 
  this will have many replays in the near future and things will get only worse when we get to countries that waged wars against each other not so long ago . 
  croatia has defined borders only with hungary . 
  no comment . 
  you can not unilaterally pull out of an arbitration . 
  once again : a party in dispute can not unilaterally quit arbitration . 
  if that would be the case , every arbitration would be in principle an excercises in futility . 
  the whole point of arbitration is that parties agree that decisions of arbiters are binding and final . 
  arbitration can only be stopped by the 1 ) an agreement of all parties involved b ) a decision of the arbiters . 
  yes , a whole country can pretend that nothing happened today ... good luck with that and damage it will do . 
  for what , exactly ? 
  because you gained land and got some special regime in sea area with width of 4,6 km ? 
  i guess in that case international contracts with words like `` final '' and `` binding to all parties '' do not mean much to you . 
  ffs , wil you at least look at the parts you gained ? 
  tribunal can not force slovenian army out , this was not his task , it is something that falls in scope of 6 months implementation period that started today . 
  you can not just quit arbitration proceedings . 
  1 ) slovenia and croatia agreed to an arbitration and that its decisions would be final & binding 2 ) slovenian judge was caught in communication with slovenian foreign ministry with intent to influence other arbiters . 
  he resigned and the court selected a new judge who is not slovenian . 
  3 ) arbitration court decided that the process can continue . 
  this is crucial because of the first point : binding nature of the decisions of the court - so also regarding the decision that the process can continue . 
  `` ne priznajem ovaj sud '' does not apply here . 
  alhough todays decision is far from optimal/best/ideal / what some slovenian nationalists were deluding themselves , it is something we can live it . 
  both sides gained and lost something . 
  vast majority of people in slovenia is so fed up with this topic , constantly poisoning relations since 1991 . 
  wait , ira was constrained by the uk gun laws ? 
  their fight was . . oh , shit , we are not allowed to carry guns , fight cancelled ? 
   ) lol if things go very bad , gun laws are totally irrelevant in any case . 
  until then , there are very good reasons to limit `` ordinary '' people from buying just every weapon they could possibly get hands on . 
  fine . 
  it just confirms my opinion that the decision not to join v4 was the best decision of my country for a very , very long time . 
  no , u are not . 
  with your logic , the eu is not possible & would collapse asp . 
  it will be the end of it . 
  this is a logic of a. . . thief , not of an adult , that tries ( not always succesfully ) to respect the rules & is embararessed by his failing . 
  no , the eu ( unlike the soviet union ) will not send tanks to poland , nor the ecj ... but if you think that paying fines is just as fine as respecting rules agreed by the whole of the eu , i very , very much hope that u are mistaken . 
  at the worst , u are enforcing every stereotype of ee . 
  heh , every member is paying for minor ( emphasis on minor , not on fuck-u-we-will add-the thing-to-our-constitution ) infringements ... but this only reinforces the idea , that eu law supersedes national law & national constitutions . 
  if not , why pay at all ? 
  it that would not be the case , those payments would be illegal . 
  which country is paying fines ... for what & for how long ? 
  why are they paying fines if - according to their constitution & national legislation - they did nothing wrong & national constitution trumps the eu law ? 
  but it is a doctrine that will fall apart at first serious clash with teh ecj . 
  the eu can not function if its legislation is an choose-what-you-like buffet . 
  no , they dont . 
  not everything is google anti-competition ruling . 
  yes , the ecj can not send tanks to enforce legislation . 
  but if we get to this ... maybe the eu membership is not exactly suited to that country ? 
  it 's not & it surely isnt at the ecj that decides those cases . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primacy_of_european_union_law https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-540-37721-4_5 then a surprise from the ecj is just a matter waiting to happen .
