  for the least developed ex-yu region ... we will see . 
  nobody wants an open conflict & border redesign , but that does not mean that they need `` situation solved '' . 
  serbia had a chance in the 80/90 's in the form in autonomy of the majority of the population ( albanian ) . 
  with slobo you played `` all or nothing '' . 
  you lost , its over . 
  border redesign is impossible , because it would open a question of bih . 
  and nobody wants that . 
  they can have a failed state ( bih ) , but not border redesign . 
  then all hell breaks loose . 
  it 's over . 
  there is no not a single relevant actor of international community that wants to rock a balkan boat again . 
  borders are final for all foreseeable future ( with all problems that this brings ) . 
  serbs will not integrate ? 
  maybe ... but self-administration is their final reach . 
  swiss model . 
  mafia state is not a problem for the west if they can control it . 
  serbia , montenegro & kosovo are mafia states . 
  what is new ? 
  not limited to euro fanatics ( whatever they are ) . 
  i am a strong supporter of eu integration , but after so bloody wars , so much death & animosity in ex-yu ... there are no quick solutions . 
  it takes time , patience and normal political elites . 
  german - french relations did not improve to `` all happy - we are one family '' in few years . 
  it took decades . 
  hm , the case of hardware/software is now settled after some confusion . 
  programska/strojna oprema is now universally accepted . 
  lectors in any media would go ballistic if anyone would use softver/hardver or any other variation . 
  oh , vozli\u0161\u010de ...  nobody else can pronounce it : perfect !, 
   recent issue : multitouch . 
  in slovenian it takes a whole sentence . 
  still figuring it out . 
  next year , maybe . 
  omg ... sorry , but you really do not have much insight into the region & recent history ? 
  people were dying for the `` cause '' en masse , there is no easy solution !, 
  and the eu is not panacea . 
  not going to happen , because serbia has absolutely no leverage anymore . 
  territory is effectively under kosovar/international control . 
  maybe some form of self-administration is on the table , border redesign is not . 
  it would open the question of bih and international community does not want this at all . 
  not even in the worst nightmare . 
  kosovo is lost for serbia . 
  send thanks to milo\u0161evi\u0107 . 
  hm , does n't matter , really . 
  conflicts arise from interests not from imperfect understanding . 
  we understand each other very well , 
  this is a well know fallacy ( know , for example , from cultural diplomacy ) . 
  if we just know each other better , there would be peace !, 
  proven wrong again and again . 
  conflicts arise from different interests ; language does not change interests . 
  we understood hitler very well . 
  `` the limits of my language are the limits of my mind . 
  all i know is what i have words for . '', 
  heh , we just love those language issues . 
  it takes time & work , a lot of bitching & fighting ( we love that too ) ... but eventually a winner word is selected and the case is settled . 
  recent case : social network . 
  the latter won ... but only after a rather long & passionate & messy public debate . 
  as a really small nation , we are extremely protective of the slovenian language . 
  many things are outright forbidden . 
  for example , english titles for articles in newspapers ( quite a hefty fine ) . 
  experiences so far show that you can force even the biggest international corporations to use slovenian language if you really want . 
  so even very detailed and obscure technical documentation for some telecommunication equipment , sold only to 3 mobile operators in slovenia , is translated . 
  it helps also , that microsoft localises almost everything , from windows , office to project and almost all web services for consumers & businesses . 
  although this system can be quite restrictive ( and costly ) , it provides a solid basis for further development of the slovenian language . 
  otherwise ... in few decades slovenian would be used only by peasants . 
  `` most of the job applications and job ads are in english , candidates send their resumes in english . 
  in all companies ( international companies btw ) i have worked we used english for business communications ( clients and internal communication ) . '', 
  huh , practice like this would be front page news in slovenia . 
  with hefty fines included . 
  as a slovenian , it always surprises me how many english words are used for technology in croatian & serbian language . 
  things like softver , hardver ... are totally `` no-go '' in slovenian media . 
  pesto is a safer option . 
  oh , garlic ... so good but so antisocial , 
  hm , this is not exactly an exact answer to op question , but in my opinion , italian cuisine really transformed/influenced european eating habits in the last decades or so . 
  in my country , `` traditional '' local cuisine is essentially a mix of austrian ( really heavy ) , hungarian ( spicy ) , italian and balkan ( meat , meat and more meat ) influences , but in recent times italian dishes really made a home run . 
  few ingredients , easy to make , not extremely complicated ( as french ) , always tasty & relatively light ( low fat , low sugar ... ) . 
  for example : spaghetti aglio , olio e peperoncino with parmesan ; 10 minutes max , cheap , but ... a taste to die for ... . . 
  cutting-edge ? 
  oh ... we have it here in slovenia , too . 
  i hope it meets a quick & horrible death . 
  soon . 
  annoying , slow , horrible user experience , not generating nearly enough revenue to sustain participating newspapers ... 
  revenues just do not compute . 
  i do not get it why would any sane media outlet participate . 
  you can , but how popular are these machines really ? 
  i have never seen anyone use them . 
  btw i hate fresh milk . 
  hm , it can be argued , that if we would enter euroland few years latter , the current crisis may be less severe . 
  euro = endless supply of cheap money 04-08 . 
  echr in a similar case ( hungary & red star ) : `` the court found that the applicant 's conviction had amounted to an interference with his right to freedom of expression . '', 
  the origins of crisis - corruption haunts northern europe aka `` the libor manipulation is presumably the biggest financial scandal ever '' http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/the-libor-scandal-could-cost-leading-global-banks-billions-a-847453.html, 
  washington post = !, 
  washington times, 
  `` except that i do n't believe that western pressure has anything to do with bettering the situation '' not always but sometimes it is vital & very much needed . 
  for example : http://www.statelessness.eu/blog/victory-slovenias-erased-citizens-european-court-human-rights, 
  let 's put a black man in one generic eastern european and one generic western european town ... and compare experiences . 
  would both experience racism ? 
  yes . 
  would the level of racism experienced be the same ? 
  not even close . 
  do i find western attitude towards eastern europe condescending & imperialistic ? 
  of course .
