  all foreign banks in slovenia also made bad loans . 
  their bad loans share is exactly the same as their market share . 
  it was a bubble and everyone participated - domestic & foreing banks . 
  foreign banks behaved no better !, 
  `` because of this cheap labour they could build their highways , new apartments and overall the whole infrastructure , for much less money than other countries which had to rely on their own workforce . '', 
  which other countries ? 
  like germany , austria , ... basically every developed county , where building sector mainly employs cheaper immigrant labour ? 
  `` now that the slovenians do n't have immigrants working for them anymore , they have to find money to pay for their welfare state from some other source . '', 
  immigrant workers paid for the welfare state ? 
  you are dellusional . 
  government spending as a % of gdp ( precrisis levels ) : germany 48,8 % , slovenia 47,1 %, 
  what a piece of ideologically convoluted crap of analysis , but there is one really frightening sentence at the end : `` and it 's good that they do n't . '', 
  \u017di\u017eek is obviously right again : the west 's crisis is one of democracy as much as finance . 
  one of the most known fast-food joints in ljubljana uses horsemeat for burgers . 
  slovenians will probably colonize mars single-handedly before producing a half-decent tv show . 
  we are working on it , 
  stereotypes from a small county no one mentioned ( thanks god !, 
  ) : germans : our role models , but not nearly as pedantic , organized & well behaved as we thought ( for centuries ) . 
  read : we are better  austrians : one word : fritzl . 
  such a bad pr , so sorry my austrian friends . 
  ( joke : what is a difference between a slovenian and austrian ? 
  the first keeps his wine in the basement , the second his family ) . 
  italians : unreliable , too talkative , too ... a true love & hate relationship . 
  hungarians : who ? 
  croats : holidays , here we come !, 
  french : nous ne comprenons pas english/irish ... they drink even more than we do . 
  omg , how is that possible ? 
  the star of extremely subsidized french/european cinema does n't like high taxes . 
  oh , the irony . 
  not really . 
  the language of the new law is very vague , it brings nothing new to the table & everything will be really determined by the implementation of rules by the apek , slovenian telecommunications regulator , and the results of the eu consultation process . 
  absolutely nothing will change wtih the new law . 
  just a lot of pr-fog from totally incompetent & very unpopular super-ministry of \u017diga turk . 
  some definitely , but support for this in slovenia would probably be < 1 % . 
  except the gbp level , there would be no much of a difference . 
  it is almost hilarious , how similar slovenian and austrian ( political ) systems are ( corporativism , vested intests , corruption , ... ), 
  it 's a generational thing . 
  for example , as youngsters we watched tv zagreb regulary , at least in in eastern slovenia . 
  now not anymore . 
  the language differences are becoming a huge obstacle for younger generations . 
  and the eu can not provide for 0,1 % without falling apart . 
  great . 
  you can be sure we will if common european border/schengen policy falls apart because of lack of solidarity in current refugee situation . 
  look for your passport and visa application . 
  next step : close slovenian border for romanian emigrants . 
  nice & logical solution , i think . 
  lol eastern europe was cheering merkel in hard dealing of greece , now they are calling doom & gloom because they have to provide for refugees . 
  what a grotesque !, 
  they want open borders to uk , free emigration of their citizens to uk , germany ... they want schengen ... but only when all costs are paid by someone else ( greece , italy ) . 
  what a pathetic bunch of retards . 
  and they willingly participated in almost all war projects , that lead to current migrants influx . 
  coalition of the willing by rumsfeld . 
  common borders = common responsibilities . 
  at the height of wars in ex-yugoslavia , slovenia of 2 million people provided ( not perfectly , we are sorry ... ) for more than 60.000 refugees . 
  no society collapse ... some stayed , some moved forward , some returned to homeland after the wars . . and slovenia today is better because of them . 
  but a half of billion people from the richest part of the world can not provide for few hundred thousand people ? 
  fucktards . 
  pathetic . 
  vote me down as you like , but i can not stand this anti-refugees/migrants & right wing circlejerk at #europe anymore . 
  distressing . 
  unfollow . 
  lol u win at bullshitting in this thread hands down, 
  and it is a joke , deliberate humiliation by ultra conservative fucktards ala former minister drobni\u010d , that declared homosexuality a disease . 
  the eu demanded some protection and they delivered it ... and made sure it is degrading in every way possible to gay couples . 
  lol you know , that you are just adapting words of british racists about romanians ... to refugees ? 
  well done . 
  approx . 
  1,5 million people left romania in the last decade . 
  you know - economic migrants . 
  this is pathetic , really . 
  u want schengen , free movement to every eu member state ... 1,5 milion ppl emigrated from romania to western europe ... but when you should take people from one of the worst places on earth ... 
  the eu is not good anymore . 
  noted . 
   pathological altruism currently on display in berlin wrong . 
  they have very reasonable costs/benefits analysis with only one explosive variable : public opinion . 
  if they survive this , get ( sooner than later ) to the common eu framework , including quotas , germany will be better off in long-term - if they want to stay the leading ( most populous ) eu country . 
  if not , france and especially the uk are on a very good path to overtake them by 2055 . 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out, 
  yes . 
  the difference is : the life partnership law has 82 articles . 
  slovenian has 10 that can be summarized : `` see the marriage law except in case of adoptions '' . 
  not full marriage equality yet ... we are still figuring out how to deal with approx . 
  20 % population that is quite homophobic . 
  not exactly . 
  slovenia had so called registered partnership law since 2005 that was similar to that croatia has atm . 
  some rights , but not all . 
  the new law is improvement in that regard that the rights are exactly the same , in all areas and in all connected legislation , 100 % . 
  the new law literally has provisions like `` the same as in the marriage law '' . 
  repeated over and over . 
  the main drawback is excluding of adoption by same-sex couples ( you can adopt as gay , but not together as a couple ) . 
  but slovenian courts recognize adoptions by same sex couples abroad . 
  we have people with birth certificates with two dads / mothers , and now you can finally have a big festive wedding , done by the mayor of your city . 
  only two thing left now are : domestic gay couple adoptions ( we already recognize those from abroad ) and elimination of different names for the same thing : marriage . 
  and automotive technology , probably . 
  it 's hard to buy an european car without at least some parts developed / produced here . 
  1.687,64 to be exact ( last published official data , november 2016 ) . 
  ehm ... data is a bit off . 
  $ 1,087 is net average salary in slovenia - after all taxes and deductions ( data in the graph above is not net . 
  average wage before taxes is around 1700 eur ) . 
   european single market membership does normally require the four freedoms .
