  would you be interested to make a map for the words bride and groom . . or did someone already make one ? 
  thanks, 
  you should make a map for the words bride and groom . . 
  also lumin\u0103 = light , iluminat = enlightened, 
  yeah , eastern europe ca n't wait to run back to daddy putin who awaits us as always . . with a wide smile , open arms and a hard-on ready to tame our rebellious butts . . 
   people will tolerate anything as long as they do not starve . 
  they were actively engineered and selected for that . 
  do n't you know the saying `` in soviet russia the leaders ( s ) elect their citizens '' ? 
  impressive insight . . 
  `` even if i walk through the valley of the shadow of death i shall fear no evil , because i have short lexical distance to the meanest sons-of-bitches in the whole valley , the albanians '' . . 
  when your neighbors are armed to teeth . . it 's very unwise to not have a proportional army . 
  you do n't need to beat them , it 's enough to be a very costly war for them . . combined with western support and sanctions . . that should not be very hard . 
  your politicians betrayed you hard . 
  did merkel shake hands with our ex-pm victor ponta ? 
  because if she did , i know where she took the contagion from . . and it 's incurable . 
  victor ponta is the kind of politician who can make millions of tv screens crack with his lies without batting en eye . . 
  when victor ponta was lying , his audiences were putting their eyes in the ground in shame while he would look innocently confused . . 
  this might work in western europe . 
  in eastern europe they have a more progressive method , if they have the feeling you 're fooling with them , they beat you with those old and tried techniques until you admit you 're even mickey mouse . 
  probably they should do what you do . 
  not declare war but wage a war and they should use all they have until one of you two loses the appetite for war . 
  then you make peace and you remain forever enemies , saying . . `` eh , at least we tried '' . . 
  i see no ending of this situation if ukraine does not grow a pair of balls and declares war to russia if they have proof the russians are feeding the conflict . 
  i know it sounds iressponsible but if you do n't make the war costly for the russians , they will not end it . 
  ukraine ca n't burn the russians now , but in the long run they should either wage full war for those territories , or give up on them because they obviously ca n't defend therefore own them . . now that i think it 's quite some karma for ukraine because we also had to give them some territories which we were not able to defend against the soviet subversion , of which ukraine was part of . 
  edit : lol , what are you downvoting ? 
  the part about declaring war on russia or the part with ukrainian karma ? 
  just go ahead and downvote if it makes you feel better . . you will heal eventually and learn to accept . 
  we all do , 
  so why does n't ukraine mobilize the army and squash anything they find in that area ? 
  what is the point of pretending it fights some local terrorists when it actually fights the russian army ? 
  [ hungarians , also known as magyars ( hungarian : magyarok ) , are a nation and ethnic group who speak hungarian and are primarily associated with hungary . 
  the linguistic heritage of the hungarians comes from the finno-ugric peoples . 
  a branch of uralic speakers migrated from their earlier homeland near the ural mountains and settled in various places in eastern europe , until they conquered the carpathian basin between the 9th and 10th centuries . 
  present-day hungarian populations seem to be genetically european , with some minor affinities to populations east of the ural mountains and in central asia which are related to their origins , namely uralic-speakers and turks . 
  compared to the european nations , andrea v\u00e1g\u00f3-zal\u00e1n 's study determined that the bulgarians were genetically the closest and the finns were the furthest from the recent hungarian population . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarians ) . 
  we could joke that the hungarians of today are mostly the vlachs who learned hungarian when the magyars invaded transilvania . 
  the small [ genetic differences between hungarians and romanians ] ( http://postimg.org/image/vdnl25n2b/ ) kind of point that way . . 
  i 'm afaik a 100 % romanian living in western romania and i really want to know the truth about my ancestry and the history of my nation . 
  i do n't care if i find out i have hungarian , jewish , slovak , serb , russian , ukrainian , romanian or gypsy blood ( i will perform dna testing sometime in the future just for curiosity ) . 
  i admit i would have felt `` interesting '' to find out from grandparents that we have at least one `` foreign '' ancestor ( hungarian , german , russian , jew , whatever ) but as far as they knew and could remember about their own grandparents . . nothing , all were romanians or at least romanian speakers and none was known to come from some other region . 
  only my wife has some asian traits and i like to joke with her that her mother came in transilvania with the mongol invasion . 
  regarding the origins of romanians , i want to know the most plausible `` truth '' . 
  from what i found out until now , i think the daco-roman theory does not completely exclude the immigrationist theory and vice versa . 
  it is possible that many `` modern romanians '' migrated from the south along the carpathians but i find it hard to believe that `` daco-romans '' never existed here or that they all moved to south of danube and then came back later and `` peacefully invaded '' a land inhabited by magyars and became a majority . 
  the hungarian historians have a very difficult job of explaining how the magyars conquered this empty transilvania but these migrant vlachs were [ a majority in most of the known census ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvania#historical_population ) or [ estimations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_transylvania#historical_population ) . 
  so from my point of view , even if the immigrationist theory is the correct one ( and even if i find out that i 'm actually hungarian :-) ) , today the hungarians are a minority in these lands and therefore transilvania belongs to the `` last conquerors '' . . which apparently are the vlachs . 
  i think it 's quite improbable that the vlachs were able to migrate from south of danube all over up to ukraine ( cernauti ) , to eastern hungary ( debrecen ) and up to odessa and transnistria without being stopped or assimilated by the magyars or bulgars living in or passing through those lands then . 
  to me it seems more probable that the vlachs or romanians were already inhabiting these areas and resisted one way or another the assimilation by the known migrators . 
  afaik the daco-roman theory is considered the main theory to explain the [ origin of the romanians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin_of_the_romanians ) ( by both the general public and the romanian academy ) . 
  from my personal perspective , i see no good reason why we should believe that , once the roman troops retreated from dacia , there was some population void left as some ( usually hungarians ) would like to believe . 
  i find it hard to believe that a considerable mass of dispersed people who were not nomadic suddenly packed everything and followed the roman army to the south of the danube . 
  i think it would be almost impossible to even organize something like that with the means they had then . 
  also judging the linguistic aspect , i have my grandparents ( who attended 4 to max 8 grades of school most of them in hungarian language ) who know that their parents and grandparents ( who lived in the same places but rather isolated compared to modern times and never attended any school to be susceptible of `` romanization '' or any form of indoctrination ) always spoke a latin language which so obviously resembles the language of other `` latin speaking '' populations from around the danube and balkans ( the vlachs ) which are considered romanized locals ( thracians , ilirians ) and left unassimilated by the slavs . 
  why should we doubt that the same thing happened in the northern part of the danube especially since the carpathians were an even better shelter for hiding from the path of the migrators ( slavs , magyars . . ) . 
  we have the same `` romantic '' relationship with france . 
  the common romanians like to believe we have this special relationship because we are latin speaking too and france influenced culturally romania and was a traditional military ally and the godfather of united modern romania . 
  the problem with this idyllic image is that it does not extend to diplomatic affairs . 
  the romanians have or had a false feeling of protection from france and it became quite obvious lately that france behaves towards romania as if we were one of their economic colonies and the more we behaved towards them with that friendly servility the harder they were negotiating economic favors behind the scenes so when basescu noticed this state of affairs , we shifted our alliance to usa and obviously [ sarkozy was not happy at all with this picky vassal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxa-9l4ciz0 ) . 
  so in order to not be fucked by usa too , we try to keep a thin competition between our `` allies '' usa , uk , eu as a whole , france and germany because if they get too sure of our `` friendliness '' they shit on us . 
  i think if you are too dependent on the russian friendship and protection , you will end up being a neglected colony and i 'm sure your politicians know this , that 's what explains the new collaboration with nato . 
  and the cheap ones come from romania . . 
  and that 's not the only thing casting doubts on this article 's seriousness . 
   of all countries on this list , serbia seems to have the brightest future ahead of it . 
  i see this and i wonder , hmm , wtf might be the secret that will make the serbs jump out of this list of shame so quickly . .  however , unlike the others it has been the subject of interest by many large companies ( such as coca-cola , nestle , and us steel ) and has in recently years seen a steady improvement in terms of both economic output and a lowered unemployment rate . 
  i read this and i nearly loled . . coca-cola , nestle ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  we have that `` sugared water economic behemoth '' since 90 's and shit tons of other companies , american and not , and we are still on 10 . 
  with those examples , i 'm quite skeptical the serbian future is so bright , no offense serbian brothers . . 
  you do n't need to travel to romania for the `` women '' though . . lots of those `` women '' are already in a strip club near you . . ( in germany probably ), 
  i agree that it 's costly to raise a child compared to not raising one but i do n't think it 's moral to force people to have kids or to pay even more for other 's kids ( especially since some people simply ca n't have kids ) . 
  usually , child allowance is paid from taxes collected from everyone and i do n't know your case but france and many other countries already have higher taxes for people with no kids . 
  so more taxes is not a moral solution . 
   they have more savings , and still enjoy state pension which is paid into by children ... as far as i know the pensions are proportional to each persons contribution and you should definitely not receive a bigger pension if you have more kids because those kids will contribute for themselves not for you . 
   women are having less childreb and waiting longer to have them . 
  women are expected to be part of a fully committed workforce like men and still have time to conceive and raise kids . 
  the employers discourage women to have kids until is too late because it 's not in their interest to have half committed employees and the state is complicit because it likes to receive full taxes from women too but would rather import immigrants than allow local women out of the work force for prolonged periods . 
   we should be encouraging women and men to have children earlier how ? 
  i 'm at the age when i should have children but me and my wife have no job and no house security . 
  how am i supposed to make 2 or 3 kids when everything is so uncertain and i 'm supposed to be the entire day at work ( 8 hours + 1 lunch break + 1.5 commute = 10.5 hours not at home , often 11 sometimes even 12 with overtime ) . 
  housing is a business , nursery is a business , even education becomes a business and recently nestle wants to transform even the water into a profit seeking business but these things should be treated as basic human needs . 
  a totally capitalist and profit oriented society is very profitable ( at least for some ) but apparently not sustainable . 
  now how the heck can that be explained ? 
  you can see [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovaks_of_romania ) more details . 
  romanians are favorable to minorities and historically there was little assimilation pressure towards the many minorities living among us . 
  [ slovak culture days in local newspapers ] ( http://www.crisana.ro/stiri/eveniment-14/cantec-joc-i-voie-buna-comunitatea-slovaca-in-sarbatoare-140590.html ) [ international folklore festival , oradea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzt6-qyovh4 ), 
  we even have a slovak minority in bihor ( western romania ) and there is an annual celebration `` slovakian and czech culture days '' with specific food and folklore . 
  also slovaks are regularly invited at folklore festivals ( hungarian , czech , polish , serbian groups too ) . 
  many people here know that romania and slovakia ( then czechoslovakia ) had a [ defensive alliance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_entente ) to keep the hungarian revisionism in check and romania and serbia were the only countries from the eastern-bloc condemning the soviet invasion in ' 68 . 
  already shot in the head at bataclan . . 
  omg !, 
  did i just upvote you ? 
  it might be my generous day . . 
  you are being hypocritical to the end . . 
  the place of birth changes everything right ? 
  we saw that with charlie hebdo , bataclan and london attacks . . 
  you can be friends with russia because you never shared a border with them  . 
  they have this weird way of making `` long lasting friendships '' , i 'm sure you would not like , they just grab a quarter of your country and then expect you to be forever vassal hoping to get that territory back ( sounds familiar ? 
  and then they act outraged when you ally with their worst enemies . . ( also , iirc during tito 's reign , the relations were n't so warm . 
  stalin kind of wanted to get rid kgb style of your disobedient leader ),
