  i upvoted you for fun but you ( probably ) know the hungarians would never beg . . 
  they are way too proud ( their virtue and flaw at the same time ? 
  one of the many reasons romanians do n't trust the russians ever again . . 
  this kind of deadly deportations also took place in moldova for similar reasons . 
  5 years ? 
  you are an incurable optimist my friend . . 
  very nice city . 
  it 's a shame i never visited it . . 
  holy frankenstein , wtf is going on in ferentari . . that 's worse than i could have imagined . . 
  greece ? 
  no fucking way !, 
  after the current events , you have to be insane to make open borders with greece . 
  they are open borders with the third world . 
  and tourism ... meh , i 'll skip until they get their shit under control . 
  too bad we already paid that fat contract to eads for `` border police equipment '' . 
  it 's funny , we paid millions for thermal cameras that can spot even the migrant rabbits and now they are useless . . you can hear the arab swarms from miles , you just have to tune your ear for the allahu-akbars . 
  and they want to speak to david cameron ffs . . where is the right to free speech if you ca n't talk to the prime minister ? 
  being from `` nagyvarad '' , it just happens that i know the hungarian names quite well but i did n't know the order was important . 
  and i composed the name from memory , so zoltan teszari came to my mind , and i was already proud that i did n't forget the `` sz '' . 
  anyway , in 10 years , we 'll call him zoli tesari and we 'll swear he is purebred romanian , 
  we know man . 
  there are so many romanians in italy including the small but incredibly visible percent of romanian thieves and parasites that it 's impossible to keep a clean reputation . 
  the media ca n't focus on the boring romanians that just mind their business . 
  that does n't sell . 
  i really liked nigel farage for his `` saying it the way he saw it '' attitude and i was quite determined to ignore his malicious remarks about romanians/gypsies because i understood his perspective ( and some `` romanian '' immigrants were always a very visible pain in the ass everywhere they went ) , but then he pulled those big ass lies about the imaginary deluge of romanian and bulgarian immigrants and that was too much . 
  well , if you hate the russians long enough , you will eventually get near the top of our list . . right after , spain and italy , 
  that 's what happens when you feed the gypsies ... they get extra strength and become super gypsies . . , 
  `` iirc romanians generally prefer italy , spain ... '' yep , and that 's because even though many romanians speak some basic english , most of the romanians understand a lot if they hear italian and spanish even if they never learned it . 
  it 's the same product ( condensed vapors from fermented plums ffs ) , but probably more expensive because , hey , `` this is hungarian shit '' !, 
  as a romanian from nagyvarad ( = having magyar neighbors ) , i think the rmdsz is quite bad for the well being of the magyars from transylvania in general and szekely land in special , because they ( rmdsz ) gets elected no matter what they do , and they were part of almost all the governments ( = they had access to money ) in the last 25 years but the life of the average magyar in the szekely land did n't change much and every time the voters demand explanation , rmdsz blames the romanians , although now it 's becoming evident that at the top of rmdsz there is a bunch of wealthy individuals who learned how to siphon money from both the hungarian and the romanian governments while giving little to their communities . 
  also rmdsz needs a climate of inter-ethnic distrust and fear to win the magyar votes and also they promise a lot of political dreams ( like territorial autonomy ) and instigate the magyars at isolationism instead of being pragmatic . 
  there are many reasons . 
  for romanians , the spanish language ( like italian ) it 's easy to understand ( even without much prior learning ) and easier to learn ( `` telenovelas '' contributed to that ) . 
  that 's why there are many romanians which migrated ( mostly temporarily ) to spain for work . 
  there is also a temperamental and cultural compatibility : the spanish and italians are warmer and friendlier than the other europeans and had less prejudice towards the poorer romanians . 
  we do n't negotiate with the terrorists !!, 
  ! , we only `` open diplomatic back-channels '' . 
  you think that 's a joke , but rcs&rds always offered two download/upload speeds ; one for internet , and one for their own network . 
  in the beginning the network was centered around a city ( oradea ) but later it spread until it covered the entire country . 
  so if you downloaded something from the rcs&rds network , you had megabits/gigabit speed ( lan party ! ), 
  while internet downloading was much slower . 
  we also have rcs&rds : http://www.rcs-rds.ro/internet-digi-net/fiberlink?t=internet-fix&amp;pachet=digi_net_fiberlink_1000 that 's 1000 mbs for 45.00 lei = ~ 10 euros . 
  nice try hungary . 
  i probably should have asked you the question i posed to / u/thorbee . . 
  i buy regularly norwegian salmon in france ( both smoked & frozen ) and although it 's still better than other meat , i have the feeling that salmon meat is becoming a rather cheap product ( lower and lower price as well as lower quality since it started to be mass produced ) . 
  so i kinda foresee that salmon will become the new chicken ( cheap , abundant and not very profitable ) in western europe at least . 
  what do you think ? 
  probably one of the things that must end first , is the concept that refugees/immigrants ( and/or their kids born on foreign land ) can do what they want or that they can opt to return or not to return . 
  just because individual or mass immigration was fine and normal for thousands of years when the population density was much smaller than today , it does not mean it can go like that forever . 
  people in europe made efforts and even died for europe to become what it is today . 
  others should do it too in their lands . 
  in romania , the left ( psd - ex victor ponta ) is the party of the old communist era - nostalgic pensioners and the party of the gypsies who sell their vote for 5 euros . 
  the least credible and most corrupt party in romania . 
  if the other parties would n't have also wasted their credibility , the left would have no chance . 
  it makes sense . 
  it 's easier to `` apprehend or catch something '' if you `` stand under '' it . . that 's why i regularly sleep under differential equations books . . 
  i wonder how it compares with eastern europe . 
  i suspect we had almost no terrorism in eastern europe and i think it has a lot to do with the fact that ee had no former colonies and very little immigrants . 
  so the situation in some areas seems quite out of control . . 
  i would sue the politicians which are responsible for this and encourage other to sue in mass until those politicians would spend all their day at the tribunals . 
  we agree to disagree, 
  you are probably misinformed while your government tries to obtain advantages for special interest groups . 
  it 's ok to distrust the romanian and bulgarian governments , but you should also distrust your government ( and german and swedish govs ) because your government too betrayed your interests and filled your country with useless immigrants . 
  looking at our greek friends , i 'm afraid eu will definitely forget on what we have spent the money and will ask us to pay high interests indefinitely with no chance of declaring bankruptcy . 
  the current scheme is quite favorable for western europe who sponsors 60 % -80 % of the cost of large projects in eastern europe which are executed by western companies and the eastern europe gets in debt to western banks for the rest of the cost . 
  this way western europe is subsidizing their companies & banks and eastern europe gets new infrastructure and everything is good unless someone goes bankrupt . 
  the way i perceived the situation is that the chinese have a lot of money but not enough influence to get some nice productive investments in europe . 
  in constanta there are already some american interests and there is a us army base there . 
  from the reaction of some romanian politicians ( something like , `` well we are friends with the chinese but the americans offer protection , so lets cut it short with these chinese investments . . '' ) i guess the americans insisted on their priority regarding some `` investments '' . 
  i also think there is a lot of eu pressure for every significant project ( aside from the projects sponsored by eu which are always executed by eu companies ) to be given to eu companies . 
  i do n't know why and what but there are historic good relations between china and romania and they feel quite protected here and in 2013 , there was a visit of the chinese prime minister in romania in which he initiated negotiations about multiple chinese investments in romania . 
  also the danube-black sea channel may be an important advantage ? 
  you are trolling . 
  of course it 's not the same size . 
  wtf ? 
  why would it be the same size like rotterdam today when it does not yet serve half of europe ? 
  but is it closer to suez ? 
  yes . 
  would it affect the profits of rotterdam ? 
  yes . 
  could it be bigger and more profitable ( bigger than it is today , not bigger than rotterdam !! ), 
  yes . 
  that 's the whole point !!!, 
  you buy it when it 's small and unprofitable , invest a little and get bigger profits !, 
  ~ ~ with a brain like yours , i bet you 're not even dutch ~ ~ . 
  another point : constanta has a direct channel to the danube and danube goes up to germany . 
  that 's not `` negligible '' . 
  well you learn a little everyday . 
  constanta is not so much about shipbuilding as much is about commerce , the domain you 're very interested in . 
  my advice is to not believe everything ( your ) politicians say publicly . 
  you should at least consider the hypothesis before trying to discredit the source because this kind of `` dealing '' is not the first and not the last in this `` honest and democratic '' eu . 
  before we joined eu we had to sell petrom ( including the oil fields ) to omv at a very `` convenient '' price . 
  and the next year after the sale , the omv profit suddenly doubled and the same happened with the fuel prices in romania . 
  so we sold our oil fields only to be exploited later at the pump . 
  another example : in his days , sarkozy was quite mad at us because we did n't give the contract to build the 3rd and 4th reactors of the cernavoda nuclear plant to areva . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  strategic assets like a port is not simply `` sold '' to the highest bidder . 
  when you sell something of this importance , there are many strings attached and you do n't sell it to the `` enemy '' . 
  so the russians and whoever else has conflict of interests with romania , are excluded from the start . 
  of course the dutch make pressures to allow them to buy .
