  it 's worse than that . 
  it 's pure blackmailing . 
  if romania joins schengen , then constanta sea port becomes the main commercial gate towards eastern and central europe and both the usa and the chinese are interested in this development which will affect negatively the profits of rotterdam port . 
  so netherlands started blackmailing romanian government to give the private management of port of constanta to dutch companies which intend to delay it 's development into a real alternative to rotterdam . 
  if the dutch got what they wanted , they would n't give a damn about corruption because they thrive in countries with corruption like siemens ( i know it 's german , but the recipe is the same ) did in greece . 
  i 'll tell you the real reason why romania is not allowed in schengen . 
  netherlands wants control of the constanta sea port . 
  that 's the real reason . 
  http://www.cotidianul.ro/batalia-de-1-miliard-de-euro-vindem-portul-constanta-ca-sa-intram-in-schengen-193840/ eu is more about corruption and blackmailing while pretending you are honest and care about something . 
  getting the fuck out of business due to huge fine is not ( yet ) totally excluded . . 
  it 's true that eu is not democratic and it kind of tramples the smaller players ( = anyone other than germany and france ) but it seems uk is not demanding reform of eu towards a true democratic union . 
  what uk seems to demand : being able to trample the smaller members in unison with germany and france and the possibility to veto any attempt of being `` trampled '' in its turn . 
  so from the eastern europe perspective eu is not right but neither is uk . 
  what 's your view on the subject if you do n't mind ? 
  where do you think the guardian is missing the point ? 
  ( i 'm kind of neutral on the subject ), 
  we must add that the first president of romania after 1989 , ion iliescu ( schooled in moscow ) is famous for confusing the foreign journalists with his english . 
  on one occasion , wanting to explain that `` the dacians come from the thracians '' , he said `` the dacs come from the tracs '' and with the romanian accent it sounded like `` the ducks come from the trucks '' . 
  i suspect , behind the scenes , obama and merkel are negotiating hard these days . . obama is something like : ttip or vw gets the fuck out !, 
  bullshit and betrayal everywhere !!!, 
  this political class must go . 
  now it 's the most evident eu is not based on democracy it 's complete incompetent bureaucracy doing the bidding of the powerful interests and not the will of the people . 
  varoufakis is right . 
  that doctor is the security !!, 
  nah , you are more useful fighting the russians ( and in one piece ) , 
  anecdotal story here too . 
  romania ( like russia ) historically relied and still relies a lot on the `` scorched earth doctrine '' ( destroy anything in the path of the enemy and retreat to safer zones , usually the mountains of which we have plenty ) especially against the bigger enemy from the east . 
  when i was younger ( before 1989 ) i was quite impressed when i heard a rumor that if local authorities wanted to build a concrete bridge , even in the most remote and apparently insignificant villages , they needed to respect some limits which were set so that the bridge would collapse under enemy heavy tanks ( ~ 50 tonnes or something like that ) and the army was consulted before the permit of construction was given . 
  i do n't know if it was only a myth , but it seemed plausible . 
  you sir , are a difference maker !, 
  no freaking way ... http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=blop+blop, 
  yep , they ruined the name for us . . even the freakin wikipedia specifies : `` romani - not to be confused with romanians , a different ethnic group '' but it 's too late . . this cat is out of the bag ( and stealing all over europe ) . 
  at one point we should vote for a name change ; something like `` dacia '' , `` dacians '' or i do n't know . . `` carpathia '' ? 
  i do n't think `` culture '' means what you think it means . . at least not in europe ... 
  `` for fuck 's sake we are not gypsies !!! '', 
  `` farmers speculate that eastern europeans are to blame , but have no concrete evidence proving it . '', 
  freaking basterds . . 
  i do n't want to start a long historic discussion but if you read kingdom of hungary and austrian empire pages on wikipedia you will see that hungary too was defeated by the ottomans in 1526 and `` by 1529 the kingdom had been split into two parts : habsburg hungary and the `` eastern-kingdom of hungary '' and `` by 1541 , the fall of buda marked a further division of hungary into three areas . 
  the country remained divided until the end of the 17th century . '', 
  [ ... ] `` in the following centuries there were numerous attempts to push back the ottoman forces , such as the long war or thirteen years ' war ( 29 july 1593 -- 1604/11 november 1606 ) led by a coalition of christian forces '' . 
  and you will see that parts of hungary were vassal too and it was not ( only ) `` the hungarians '' who later fought against the ottomans but the entire christian europe helped the austrians/habsburgs to liberate the territories which previously belonged to hungary . 
  moldavia and wallachia too `` fought till their final conquest '' against ottomans but only when it had the backing of russian empire . 
  if poland did n't help moldavia against the ottomans it had to fight the moldavians led by the ottomans . . ( the same today : if poland does n't help today ukraine against russia , tomorrow russia will use ( again ! ), 
  ukraine against poland ) . 
  yes , but had it been conceived , we would have been better allies than hungary , ba ha ha ha ... just kidding . . this meme is overstretched . 
  meh . . amateurs . 
  we were allies with poland before it was cool . . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93romanian_alliance https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_bridgehead watch this , noobs : `` the romanian government also received the treasury of the national bank of poland in 1939 . 
  one part of it , consisting of 1,261 crates containing 82,403 kg of gold , was loaded aboard a commercial ship in the port of constan\u021ba , and transported to western europe . 
  the transport was escorted by ships from the romanian navy , in order to prevent an interception by soviet submarines in the black sea . 
  the second part of the treasury was deposited in the romanian national bank . 
  it was returned to poland on 17 september 1947 . '', 
  i like your anthem . . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrjf3fwhkvi it sounds ambitious , 
  lol , `` a new bond '' should be `` a new bond for some , a strangle for others . . '', 
  eddie izzard - dress to kill , it 's a must . . youtube.com/watch?v=cie7bohil7i, 
  yeah , just forward them the memo . 
  great , thanks . 
  if orban attacks slovakia , we cross tisza  en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_soviet_republic, 
  they do n't need education as long as no one cuts off their genitals . 
  they just make kids and people give them money . 
  if people do n't give them money , they use the kids to steal . . because kids ca n't go to prison . 
  by the time the kids are 18 they already have their own kids . . and the show continues . 
  how about that strategy of survival ? 
  while you blink they double their numbers . . fuck this world . 
  lol , good one . . 
  yes you are right , i should have said hungarians instead of hungary and decades instead of centuries . 
  on the other hand the habsburg monarchy ruled over many territories including hungary ( the territory ) until 1867 and ruled together with the kingdom of hungary since 1867 up to 1918 . 
  so we can deduce that the habsburgs and the kingdom of hungary ( the statal entity ) were two distinct things . 
  but i 'm glad we agree that it does n't matter much anymore and i hope jobbik , hvim and / u/vortalwombat find out too . 
  be vigilant , you have one of the few real democracies left . 
  it 's not about papers or no papers . 
  enforcing borders costs a lot !, 
  just add the salaries of all the people working at check points , checking all the cargo , guarding the thousands of km of border line , the equipment , the fuel and you get to millions of euros for each country . 
  if schengen falls , all those millions have to be taken from infrastructure , agriculture and other budgets and no one wants to hear that . 
  `` futu-\u021bi cristo\u0219ii m\u0103tii '' ( fuck your mother 's gods ) is my favorite swear too . . 
  do n't worry . 
  as long as they have that idiotic book for guidance . . they remain always 2 steps from stone age . 
  `` romanian guy drives over someone '' shite . . 
  i 'm sorry man . 
  i hope it was an accident and not some drunk douche bag . 
  your heart is sour because you do n't want to accept the present and you cling to the glorious past , told and retold to you by your politicians to keep you dreaming while they rule . 
  this is not `` romanian historians '' : en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austria-hungary hungary started to give more rights to romanians and serbs only when it was too late . 
  you were able to control vojvodina , transilvania and banat only with the help of the habsburgs and only when the others were divided . 
  hungary treated transilvanian romanians like shit for centuries and then they wondered why they wanted to unite with romania instead of living as second hand citizens in the lands where they were a majority . 
  `` the hungarian minority act of 1868 gave the minorities ( slovaks , romanians , serbs , et al. ), 
  individual ( but not also communal ) rights to use their language in offices , schools ( although in practice often only in those founded by them and not by the state ) , courts and municipalities ( if 20 % of the deputies demanded it ) . 
  [ ... ] at the same time , hungarian dominance faced challenges from the local majorities of romanians in transylvania and in the eastern banat , slovaks in today 's slovakia , and croats and serbs in the crown lands of croatia and of dalmatia ( today 's croatia ) , in bosnia and herzegovina , and in the provinces known as the vojvodina ( today 's northern serbia ) . 
  the romanians and the serbs began to agitate for union with their fellow nationalists and language speakers in the newly founded states of romania ( 1859 -- 78 ) and serbia . '', 
  we have 800 year old oaks , and a large area of forested mountains & hills so we kind of had to use the oak as a symbol . 
  wikipedia.org/wiki/breite_oak_tree_reserve an old oak tree is also the symbol of the romanian resistance against the oppressive austro-hungarian empire in transilvania . 
  we should be allies . . for you to have a path to evacuate your gold and army when they decide to crush you ... again . . , 
  i think you should listen more carefully to victor orban . . for once the guy is right . . 
  who said that ? 
  the banks ? 
  merkel ? 
  the banks through merkel 's voice ? 
  someone is dis-informing you . . 
  if you want to criticize this guy ( varoufakis ) make the effort and listen directly what he has to say first . . 
  he 's quite a good speaker . 
  damn , next you find out you are on your knees poland and you did n't even know it . . what times are we living in . . 
  if it were n't for modern times , i bet russia would have loved to wipe out the romanians from their current lands and replace them with slavic people .
