  but my feel is that internally there is a lot of tacit support for recovering anything that can be recovered in case of a major ukrainian crisis . 
  personally i do n't know what are the contingency plans for ukraine , but any functional state with intelligence capabilities , foresees and prepares for various `` unexpected situations '' . 
   we 're simply the most worthy choice !, 
  tell that to the french  . . anyways , you will find soon how `` worthy '' is your influence in eu matters . . 
  i do n't say you will not get it but it will not be easy with so many heavy contenders to the uk carcass . 
  historic & nationalistic reasons . 
  when the soviet union was on high horses and divided and conquered eastern europe , they occupied territories from the neighboring countries and colonized them with even more slavic people than before , in order to make them a slavic majority and annexed them to ukraine . 
  in my opinion , all the territories which were former hungarian ( parts of transcarpathia ) and romanian ( parts of northern bukovina & [ hertza region ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hertza_region ) ) and where the population is still not slavic majority should have a chance to comeback to their mother nations . 
  nah , it 's because he betrayed the noble ideals of socialism . . / s and secretly sold russian technology ( the one he could get ) to israel & usa ( but i 'm too lazy to back up this `` conspiracy '' with some sources ) . 
   it 's a tradition ? 
  it 's a bad habit . 
  some people have big ambitions but low capabilities and that makes them predisposed to using any means , no matter how low , to fulfill their ambition . 
  i do n't think it 's specific to romania but this kind of people thrive in times of chaos and rapid social change , when anybody can become anything with enough bribes & cheating . 
  in romania , that window of opportunity is kind of closing recently but the old habits die hard . 
   they are going back to russian orbit anyway . 
  ukraine could go to russia but not in one piece . . 
  in the very moment when the next complete disorder installs and it 's clear that ukraine falls to the russian sphere of influence , the separatism will explode . 
  the russians will try to split off the `` novo russia '' piece and make it `` independent '' and the hungarians and the romanians will want their territories back . 
  all this discussions are complete waste of time . 
  i do n't know if you are sarcastic or trolling . 
  please use / s accordingly . . 
  it 's a very very low chance that us atomic material would be stored in romania without prior negotiations between us & russia but i think if usa would ignore russia and store nukes in romania , that would be a good enough pretext for russia to attack us , even with the risk of a nasty war with nato ( they already prepare for it anyway ) . 
  i know the romanian press and especially the comment sections is full of naive bullshit but apparently putin is not willing to let go his sphere of influence , the status of nuclear super power and the `` strategic balance of power '' . 
  [ at one point the barking dog will bite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqd8lidimro ), 
  my opinion is that the general public was desensitized by the media regarding the thermonuclear weapons . . we all saw them in movies , games and so on but extremely few people witnessed live real explosions and almost no one witnessed atomic explosions therefore the consequences of atomic war are greatly underestimated . . 
  russia would go completely crazy on us if we hosted nukes after the defensive missile shield . . 
  it 's not sure it will be harder because the majority of the people do n't have enough imagination to know what would follow . 
  most people have no idea what 10 , 100 or 500 kilotons mean . 
  all the `` big '' explosions they ever witnessed were firecrackers at most . . 
  so speaking of poor excuses . . why do n't you get involved and fix the political class from within ? 
  i know udrea is/was investigated but i do n't know of any conviction yet . . therefore we could say that he endorsed her in good faith . 
  if you do n't candidate . . he works with what he has . . 
  basescu said multiple times he does n't want to candidate to anything anymore . . ( not in romania nor in moldova ) . 
  his only ambition is to create and grow a new party as an alternative to the current parties stuck forever with the same shady people . 
  a noble gesture , thank you sweden . 
  that 's a hell of an coherent & eloquent moron you have there . . 
  that 's why [ antonescu got in power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ion_antonescu#rise_to_power ) with the help of germany and in some murky times but antonescu was not the people . . 
  damn , you have some fucked up relations there with serbia man . . 
  i do n't know how others felt towards the nazis but i think in romania the people were not very passionate about them and their words were not highly sought after , because right from the beginning ( ~ 1940 ) hitler favored hungary and forced us to cede northern transylvania to them and southern dobrudja to bulgaria and displace populations and shit like that without much place of negotiation and this was a second big national shock right after the occupation of bessarabia & bukovina by the soviets with hitler 's tacit accord . 
  the general opinion towards the nazis got better when romania re-acquired bessarabia with their help and it remained favorable later because the soviets were so much worse in comparation to nazis and not because the nazis were well perceived . 
  when the war turned , the soviets not only invaded romania and retook bessarabia & bukovina and some other territories but also purged the military and imposed the communism which basically destroyed the entire society . 
  it has long sentences without being ambiguous ? 
  that 's not bad , but is it hard or unnatural to convert a text to a bunch shorter sentences ( mentally ) and then translate it ? 
  yeah , some people would literally kill for their car . . my father slapped the shit out of an idiot teenager because he found it extremely hilarious to throw several firecrackers on my father 's `` relatively new '' car on a new year 's eve , several years ago ( before they banned the firecrackers ) . . 
  putting fire to a car and blaming it on `` unknown authors '' is also a commonly used tactic to get a new car ( or money ) when you get tired of the old one in some parisian suburbs or so i was told after i asked a neighbor about the weird patches of melted asphalt in the residential parking lot ( in open air ) of my building . . 
  those white cars were fuckin racists ... 
  [ my reaction ] ( https://youtu.be/rym-8yupp5s?t=7 ), 
  if i had said that , i would have been accused of hypocrisy because many romanians ( including the famous gypsies ) are migrants and some of them are causing ( or caused ) fears too . 
  but i too think there is a remarkable difference between how eastern europeans integrate in western europe and the `` others '' . . ( and i do n't speak about the chinese ), 
  let 's stick to the basics ; one sure thing is , common people do n't like living in fear for their life . . and i think it 's not very debatable anymore that immigration from certain cultures causes a lot of justified fears and will continue to cause . 
  so why not limit drastically the source of this fear ? 
  i do n't have a problem with your political choice as long as she sticks to germany 's problems . . but when your dear mutti starts to dictate to us , the auslanders , the things get uncomfortable to say the least . . 
  i think common people 's reality is that reality which politicians pretend to know and understand every time they want common people 's votes but forget the very minute they get elected, 
  it was my first thought also . . just fuckin resign and leave the leadership to someone more connected to common people 's reality . 
  as someone said earlier . . terrorism and rapes is the new normal in europe . 
  lets not ask who is responsible for this and lets not tolerate outrageous conspiracies . 
  everything is fine , keep working and keep voting . 
  human trafficking does not have a strong lobby . . and ( put yourself in us government boots for a moment ) probably the trafficked people do n't pay enough taxes nor do they export much in order to get that high priority which is given to defending the interests of the strategic us corporations . 
  that 's not how ( big ) commerce works . 
  if you do n't know , you do n't have the means or you do n't want to take care of shipping the goods over the black sea ( which involves warehousing , transportation & insurance ) , it makes perfect sense to buy at a higher price from someone closer to your point of sale and who took care of all that . 
   it 's like half of your life is gone damn , what an optimist . . 
  it would have been quite remarkable if he exported them cheaper . . 
  that 's why , in 1968 , ceausescu had to modify the original bed in one castle to accommodate de gaulle . 
  in what consisted the western hypocrisy ? 
  i always thought the western powers were quite predictable when they tried to dismantle this central european empire . . 
  almost every big power wants weak and divided neighbors . . 
  what ? 
  slovenia is already ( the size of ) a region . . you ca n't divide that anymore . . it 's not fair . 
  what ? 
  you did n't hear about the great romanian wall ? 
  me neither , but it would have been a neat idea ... 
  but it 's the government who regulates the immigration quotas and pushing multi-kulti fantasies down our throats, 
  how about the ever expanding government bureaucrats keep their idiotically incompetent noses out of `` how often and with whom we interact '' side of our lives and get back to the basics . 
  i think the modern medicine is close to finding a solution to racism . 
  sooner or later we will be able to target the skin cells and prevent them from coloring brown or black making us once and for all equals . 
   romania was an ally to germany for most of the time and persecuted the jews and the gypsies as well the number of people persecuted inside the `` original romanian territories '' is very low compared to the number of victims in the `` romanian occupied territories '' ( bessarabia , transnistria and beyond ) . 
  this was because ( in 1941-1944 ) antonescu did n't target the jews indiscriminately as it is portrayed today . 
  he targeted mostly the pro soviet and pro communist jews which had always been very hostile to the previous romanian administration of bessarabia ( 1918-1940 ) . 
  you should click on that link . 
  it 's `` monty python - argument clinic '' on youtube . 
  it 's fun and also quite useful if you intend to spend more time on reddit . 
  take advantage of the new exchange rate and get yourself a [ consultation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqfkti6gn9y ) . 
  ok one more try . 
  `` thinking that something is a serious problem without knowing the nature and origin of that problem is irresponsible '' . 
  first , this generalization is false . 
  this is your flawed opinion at most . 
  there are plenty responsible people who think that various things are a serious problem without `` knowing the nature and origin of it '' . 
  and in a free society they do n't owe you an explanation why they think what they think but you have to respect their vote . 
  second , implying that the people who voted leave are clueless about the nature and origin of the ( muslim ) immigration problem is also false and quite arrogant . 
  actually , you are pointing more at your fallacious logical reasoning . 
  not much left for me to argue here . . 
   they do n't `` pretend '' to disagree with you , they actually disagree with you . 
  fine . 
   thinking that something is a serious problem while being completely clueless about the nature and origin of that problem is irresponsible to say the least . 
  what ? 
  wtf are you talking man ? 
  where the heck do you pull these axioms from ? 
  i 'm not even going to . . 
  what 's your proposed way of argumentation ?
