  someone should just inform those isolated swiss about pornhub ffs :-), 
  yes , it 's something like `` shut up and file a complain . . or more , or make a protest , or a thousand . . or get lost , we do n't care '' . 
  fuck this `` democracy '' . 
  definitely `` no link '' between eu leaders and reality . 
  but most of the `` western '' capital and exporters kind of wanted us in eu . . so we are even . 
  long live serbian and romanian poverty !!, 
   right , do your anecdotes apply to every immigrant of arab or african descent ? 
  you only know snarky replies learned from internet ? 
  you should learn more about debating . 
  initially you doubt i know anything about immigrants . 
  i give you anecdotes from where i live and you snark because it 's just my anecdote . 
  search the french official statistics for education , employment and criminality and explain me , smart ass , why the chinese and vietnamese immigrants are doing fine in france while the arab and african are not ? 
  are those anecdotes too ? 
  it seems that you are the one who talks what he does not understand here . 
  please tell me that social engineering trick that compensates for uneducated religious parent and extremist influence because i do n't want to die stupid , like these idiot governments before me . . that trick could save us all !!, 
  since 2006 , i 've been living in paris , near saint-denis if you know what that means and omfg , no !, 
  assimilation is not prevented by genetics , it 's prevented by family and their deep lack of culture and discipline and families ca n't be changed when you say so or when government wants it or if you throw money at it . 
  i have chinese neighbors and you can see that their 10-13 year old kids are quite assimilated because they value the school and education while in the next building there are lots of african or arab immigrants living in france since forever and they are still not well integrated because they do n't give a shit about schools , teachers , education , logic , sanity , etc. 
  these are the kids that steal when they can , burn cars when they get bored around new year 's eve and wave algerian flags after football matches . 
   if they 're in the right environment you are obviously smarter and more resourceful than the french and german governments . . they obviously did n't `` really '' know or want to assimilate the muslim immigrants . 
  changing the social environment for millions of people is cheap and totally doable . . 
  i wonder why did n't they think about it ? 
  dream on . . 
   we have enough people already . 
  tell that to these fkin morons in power who want to maintain the infinite growth no matter what . . 
   every child born in germany ( ... ) is a blank canvas false . 
  you have living proof in germany and france . 
  you ca n't teach german or french values to arabic and muslim kids no matter how you try ( apart from kidnapping them 6 weeks after birth and raising them in german families and even then there is no guarantee ) , and some kids are the third generation not the second . 
  but you can deceive yourself : `` if only we spend more money , if only we treat them better '' . . bullshit . 
   is it acceptable to lower our standards on emancipation in deference to foreign customs ? 
  hmm , so germany slides back to late middle age ? 
  somebody has some fucked up priorities there . . 
   as an immigrant i can tell you well i 'm already an immigrant too . . but france is going to shit now . . and i do n't know where to go . 
  i 'm not miner material though . . more like it and stuff . 
  personally i already considered those options . 
  the only problem is that all have their drawbacks . . 
  i do n't buy the american dream nor the south american nightmare . . 
  so there is only australia ( kind of too far and unknown ) and canada . 
  i ca n't agree more . 
  we are too busy working for a few old rich bastards who do n't know what to do with their money anymore and these idiot politicians want to raise the bar even more while importing from africa and middle east the next generation of losers who are supposed to replace us . . 
  this shit will not end up well , not even for the fuckers who got us to this point . 
  yes , he did . 
  `` aux armes et c\u00e6tera '' that shit was cooler than expected . . btw , vive la france . . et c\u00e6tera , 
  if you read carefully , you will notice there is no `` great '' nor `` better '' anywhere in my text . 
  there is only `` home '' which is not necessary great nor better . 
  and yes , maybe i ca n't adapt to other places or maybe i do n't want to . . it does n't really matter enough to start that discussion . 
  i 'm attached to my nation not because i secretly believe we have a `` slightly bigger dick '' than others ( that would be quite ridiculous these days ) but because there is that distinct emotional connection to my compatriots and nowhere else feels like home ( i 've been living abroad for some time ) . 
  i do n't wave flags but i listen occasionally to the romanian anthem mostly because i like the music and it 's vibe . 
  i do n't have a strong attachment to the politicians though and i would n't fight for an inch outside the current borders but i would fight for every inch inside the current borders ( not because i 'm stupid -- modern war is sure death -- but because i 'm at a crazier stage of life ) . 
  today 's wars are mostly economic though and physical fight is useless . 
  most often the enemy is acting from inside : corrupt and incompetent politicians . 
  `` isnt giving up part of your national identity a too high price for success ? 
  '' & nbsp ; the german minority in romania did n't lose their identity when they learned to speak romanian and also there is no shame for them to admit romania is their home and they understand that romania is the state that best defends them and their interests and they work with this state not against it . 
  that 's it . 
  we do n't care what language they speak at home or in their society , we do n't care if they feel german and not romanian . 
  we do n't care that klaus johannis speaks romanian with the speed of a snail and german with the speed of a machine gun but we trust him to defend the interests of all the romanians no matter what ethnicity . 
  i hope one day we will have a magyar president who will fight for all the romanians . 
  i 'm from nagyvarad and i can tell you that segregation worked mostly against the hungarians . 
  the most successful hungarians in romania ( one of which is teszari zoltan ) were the ones who were open and knew hungarian and romanian and opened businesses or made commerce between these two markets . 
  during the ugly 90 's , the most isolated and auto-isolated hungarians who spoke only hungarian had no chance to find work in other places in romania and they had to leave for hungary and many never returned . 
  so i do n't care what hungarians learn in romania or if they speak basic romanian or not ( i do n't mind speaking english to the szeklers ) but i think it 's quite stupid for some of them to isolate and to refuse to learn the minimum needed to live in the romanian society only because some politicians want them pure hungarians . 
  just fyi , the hungarian bashing does not bring votes in romania since long time ago . 
  the election of 2000 was the last time when one crazy ass nationalist who said shit about everyone and everything got 28,34 % of votes and it happened because the two other parties eroded their credibility in the exceptionally shitty years of 90 's and not because the nationalists had a real appeal . 
  after that point even the nut heads dropped their anti-hungarian texts because it just was n't credible . 
  everyone here with half a brain knows the magyars from inside or outside are not a serious threat but an irritation but the romanians still get irritated when every time rmdsz speaks , they ask for more segregation instead of doing something constructive for everyone . 
  first they got separate classes for magyars everywhere , then separate schools , then separate high schools and universities and now they want separate judges and territory and all this apartheid only for them to be sure they keep their voters brainwashed and stay continuously in parliament where they do nothing but blame romanian administration for everything even if they were part of almost every fucking government since 1989 ( the only party in romania to stay almost 25 years in power and have access at the state money !!! ) . 
  and you will not hear a single fucking romanian politician seriously bashing the magyars ( and no , ponta was not a politician , he was just trash ) because they need the rmdsz support !!, 
  so when someone tells you there is hungarian bashing in romania , that 's bullshit . 
  of course i 'm right , that 's why romania buys some second hand f-16s from portugal . 
  i hear you guys are the top dog and offer very good protection . . ( just kidding . . we paid daddy usa separately for maintenance , weapons and `` other stuff '' . . ), 
  when you buy weapons from someone like france , uk , usa , germany , russia and so on , you do n't buy only the weapons , you also buy protection and access to a supply of more weapons in case you have a war . 
  so saab sells good planes but not much protection . . 
  you are just envious . 
  go ask daddy putin new propaganda . 
  we still do n't find your federal shit hole union attractive . 
  why do you think is this autonomy so much needed ? 
  what exactly from the present situation prevents these , currently 3 counties , to achieve the economic success you foresee they would achieve if they were united and more autonomous ? 
  the administration is and was always magyar majority . 
  why did n't they develop ? 
  today romanian companies ca n't expand there because of the perceived hostility and language barrier , hungarian or foreign companies do n't expand there for various reasons ( too far , too few specialized people . . etc ) . 
  you know who thrives there ? 
  rmdsz leaders and their fat lumber and wood cutting business . 
  i suspect if they get total autonomy , these guys will cut the entire forests down and no one will ask them a word . 
  they ca n't create an economic miracle there but they would love to have access to the forests that now are property of state . 
  well that 's fine . 
  we do n't consider you much also . 
  the constitution does not say how homogeneous is the country but that it 's national ( 88.9 % romanians , 6.5 % hungarians , that 's `` national '' enough ) and indivisible . 
  romania is a state modeled after france not germany so it was always quite national ( france recognizes no ethnic minorities btw , and no one cares ) and centralized and even if it will be decentralized , it will not be decentralized around ethnic borders and there is no solid reason why there should be an ethnic enclave in the center of romania . 
  in romania the minorities do have enough rights to keep their identity and culture and the fact that no one pressures them to adopt the majority culture and language ( like they did in the neighboring `` homogeneous '' countries including hungary ) does not mean they can have their autonomy or country inside a country . 
  those mighty szekelys also benefited from the riches of the entire country . 
  it 's not like the oil from ploiesti or the electricity from cernavoda or iron gates , was sold at a different price in `` szekelyland '' or the port of constanta or the fishing/commercial fleet had special tariffs for the szeklers . 
  the entire romania is owned by szeklers too and the `` szekelyland '' is owned by entire romania so you better get used to it . 
  on the other hand it really does not help the peacefulness if jobbik starts shit up with inflammatory declarations and contacts the anti-romanians from transnistria or russia for `` collaboration '' and other bullshit like that . 
  well , the gypsies left for western europe . . so you should intervene there if you have the cojones . 
  or maybe intervene to their relatives in india . . ah you ca n't , because india is buying shit from you these days and you need gypsie money . . ruskie , ruskie does n't gypsie money stink to you ? 
  a lot of romanians do n't have any idea what hungarians outside transilvania think or say about their history or current situation , so romanians react mostly at what they hear from local vocal extremists or rmdsz leaders or what the hungarian prime minister or other hungarian figures declare when they visit transilvania ( for example there is an annual meeting in baile tusnad ) . 
  a lot of these politicians agitate the spirits and sell a lot of nice dreams to the hungarians and szekelys from romania in order to get some popularity and votes . 
  here are some titles http://www.ziare.com/articole/viktor+orban+tusnad, 
  yes , i think there is a lot of national pride cultivated in the hungarian youth because the hungarian history and even the recent political discourse ( in transilvania at least ) inspires the people to regard themselves as different ( descendands of the huns , the warriors who scared europe , `` we take no shit '' attitude ) and superior to the other people from around the carpathian basin , especially superior to these `` budos olahs '' , primitive peasants and cyganok . 
  i think some amount of the hungarian pride is correct , healthy and motivating ( quite often , some politician in budapest likes to underline `` we are not romania '' ) but on the other side i suspect in transilvania there is also a lot of hungarian chauvinism ( from wikipedia : `` exaggerated patriotism and a belligerent belief in national superiority and glory '' ) which is actively cultivated by the rmdsz who likes to insist quite often in their private discourses on various historical facts ( like the fact that the romanians were serfs to the hungarians and that they were inferior , primitive and uneducated peasants - which was true at some point when the majority of the hungarians from transilvania were settlers living in cities and had privileges and schools , while the majority of the romanians were living in villages and mountains and were not allowed to build schools or to use their own language in schools ) despite the fact that the differences between romanians ( at least those from transilvania ) and hungarians faded long time ago and even genetic and cultural differences are not that big .
