  are n't your horses radiation intolerant ? 
  ours are . . damn , we need better horses . . 
   in hungary they pretty much formed cartels by dividing the service areas that happened in romania too with some isps ( [ upc ] ( http://www.upc.ro/ ) held me captive for some years . . ) before digi gained momentum and started to fuck up their plans, 
   our berries are better than yours btw . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mlry6cn_d4 ), 
  the crime is horrible no matter when it happened . . but trying to monetize the death and suffering of your ancestors because you are mostly incapable of anything else is not much above begging under false pretense . 
  and we do n't have much respect for beggars and charlatans do we ? 
   what is risky is unattractive . 
  and how about the workers ? 
  risky and unattractive does not apply to them ? 
  the state is supposed to balance the things not to sell out to the highest bidder . . which is the corporations . 
   unions in france are protecting people that have a permanent contract . 
  that 's their job . 
   if unions were doing something to make it easier to find a job , they would be doing their job . 
  that 's not the job of the union . 
  the state should encourage the enterprises to create more jobs . 
  if the enterprises ca n't create more jobs ( because maybe there is simply no demand for additional productivity ) , the state should make sure the existing jobs are not exploitative and the taxes it collects pay for the idle workers too . 
  allowing companies to fire more people and faster is not going to `` make it easier to find a job '' for anyone . 
  i would agree that companies should be allowed to fire more people and easier if next year the companies will prove they hired more people at the same salary or higher . 
  but i 'm quite sure this will not be the case . 
  if something really changed is the increase of the overwhelming bargaining power of the employers over employees these days . 
  the tremendous productivity increases since 1936 works against the interest of the workers . 
  any market has a maximum capacity of consumption and once the capacity of production for that market reaches it , everyone tries to produce the same amount with less workers . 
  so as a worker the more productive you are , the more replaceable you are because there are thousands other available to take your place for a lower wage and employers will abuse this situation if there is nothing to prevent them . 
  people need unions now more than ever . 
   normally , market rates restrict that in a `` normal market '' where there is a balance between workforce demand and supply `` the markets would restrict that '' but in the current economic climate where there is much more supply of workforce than demand , there is this race to the bottom for local companies to employ and pay the least possible . 
  the workforce demand is low because any product that can be produced in a third world country with low wages , is produced there and imported in eu and now the french workforce is asked `` to be competitive '' , meaning they should compete with china and other asiatic nations on who can work the most hours for the least pay . 
  if the companies would get what they want , they would exploit to death 25 % of the population on extremely low wages while the rest 75 % of the population would be unemployed and a burden on the state . 
  well , i think we should ask for reparations from the mongols for the mongol massacres in transilvania and italians for the roman massacres in dacia . . 
  they did n't even apologize for their horrible crimes . 
  are you sure ? 
  carpet = `` covor '' . 
  in romania traditionally we hang tapestry on the walls but i have never seen nor heard of carpets hanging on the walls . 
  not even in the villages . . 
  in communist romania we had jokes about how the local party leaders were reporting greatly inflated numbers for various economic statistics to the center . 
  one joke was that when the central party leaders saw the figures for hectares of arable land being plowed that year , they shouted `` stop the tractors !!, 
  you have overshoot the country borders ! '', 
  i 'm all for optimism but let 's stay realistic and say that this corrupt parliament has the means and the will to continuously try and change any law which threatens them for current or past corruption acts . 
  so unfortunately the fight is ongoing and the final result is not known yet . 
   over half of the people in the city can speak hungarian at a b1 level or above . 
  duuude , it ca n't be ~ 50 % . . the official magyar minority in oradea is around ~ 22 % . 
  even if all of them would be adults married to romanians who speak hungarian , there is still less ~ 50 % . 
  i do n't have anything against knowing the language but truth be told , hungarian is not a very useful language . 
  i wish i understood hungarian but i did n't learn it easily although i had hungarian neighbors and classmates and i heard it very often . 
  i know some words but it 's a long way from there up to basic level . . 
   spain 's debt now worth more than value of the economy well , they should keep that valuable debt and get rid of that sorry ass economy then . . / s, 
  i 've visited some close and very close relatives ( right after the previous voting ) from rural areas and i was left speechless at their complete idiocy regarding their political principles and their ability to discern who 's the best candidate for their interests . 
  these people are clueless . 
  they vote for the same thieves again and again if those thieves throw them little bones from time to time . 
  idiotic people deserve their fate . 
  this new statue is just a waste of money . 
  by the time they unveil it , the russians will be back in the country and they will replace it again with lenin . 
  i hope they still have the old statue around somewhere in storage `` just in case '' otherwise , if they keep throwing money around on stupid statues instead of weapons , they should have made one of putin . 
  i bet he would allow us to keep transilvania for another 66 years if he saw it . 
  i do n't know man , i 'm from romania lol . 
  i did n't watch eurovision yet . 
  this `` love , love , peace , peace '' and some 20 seconds from the winner song is all i watched until now . . and i already think `` love , love . . '' should have won . 
  it 's along the same boulevard that starts at stalingrad , la chapelle , barbes . . 
  it 's [ here ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/place/quartier+pigalle,+75009+paris/@48.8812208,2.3378278,15z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47e66e45c4d5a8a9:0xb898f7d96ae8ac9!8m2!3d48.8821898!4d2.3372805?hl=en ) during the day , pigalle , anvers and blanche ( where moulin rouge is ) are very busy with tourists and everything is safe . 
  during the night there may be a higher density of prostitutes and drunk or drugged people inhabiting the benches between pigalle and blanche . 
   you overestimate my retarded goverment what is a pure shit in economic things hey , welcome to the new normal . . you would be surprised how few govs know for sure wtf they 're doing . . some measures work , some do n't . . they keep guessing . . we keep voting . . 
  the `` friendship '' bracelet : a vendor approaches you and aggressively asks if you 'll help him with a `` demonstration . '' he proceeds to make a friendship bracelet right on your arm . 
  when finished , he asks you to pay a premium for the bracelet he created just for you . 
  and , since you ca n't easily take it off on the spot , you feel obliged to pay up . 
  ( these sorts of distractions by `` salesmen '' can also function as a smokescreen for theft -- an accomplice is picking your pocket as you try to wriggle away from the pushy vendor . ), 
  https://www.ricksteves.com/travel-tips/theft-scams/tourist-scams https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpj1yvajgoa, 
  i went there with friends on many occasions ( at the nearby bar ) and the hostel is frequented by international students and the area is 100 % safe up to stalingrad . 
  you should not venture alone ( evening/night ) from stalingrad towards the other side though . 
  as you can see , the `` bad famed '' area starts at ~ 500 meters from stalingrad and continues parallel with the metro line . . 
  it 's the only place inside administrative paris where i and some guests felt in danger ever . 
  do n't try to walk from stalingrad to la chapelle . 
  in theory [ it looks like this ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/@48.8843768,2.3662906,3a,75y,280.87h,72.25t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sinfedwlwcqts-rw0befugg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) but in practice it 's much worse . 
  very shady people are lurking around ( including immigrants sleeping under the metro lines ) . 
  and no matter where you visit ( sacre coeur for example ) do n't allow anyone to tie anything on your fingers ( colorful strings ) under no pretext and do n't sign `` petitions '' on the street because you will be pressured to give away some of your money . 
  i can assure you st. christopher 's canal is quite safe and good looking even if it 's close to stalingrad . 
  you are right . 
  my definition of `` atheist '' is indeed derived from the common use and apparently the commoners are using the word incorrectly . 
  atheism kind of requires a little bit of `` faith '' that god does not exist ( we ca n't really prove it scientifically ) . 
  agnosticism on the other hand , is just saying `` i do n't know if it exists . 
  i do n't have enough proof '' . 
  you would be surprised . . sheep is sheep everywhere . 
  so i guess erdogan did n't hear the story of ceausescu , the genius of the carpathians ? 
  now what the heck do they think they are achieving with this stupid nuclear war fear mongering ? 
  am i supposed to love putin now because of the great effort he makes to not preemptive-bomb us immediately or what ? 
  this shit is so childish, 
  oh man , it 's hard being turkish even for lettuce these days . . 
  i was misled by the original title too . . and after i posted it , i was not able to edit the title . 
  edit : i could delete it if it 's really that offensive . 
  i really do n't have any use of this link karma . 
  why did they stop in poland ? 
  why not go straight in china or malaysia ? 
  performance could be up 500 % , cost 99 % down and they could get weekly blowjobs from the union leaders for 5 dollars more . 
  why ca n't we all compete with the chinese to make your suppliers rich right ? 
  i 've just read it on another forum and i posted it here with the same title . . 
  i thought it is interesting . 
  oh man , it never ends . . , 
  well , good luck and keep being awesome . 
  i had the chance to visit `` elvetia '' and it was very nice and civilized place ( although some romanian garbage beggars managed to reach and spoil some places even there - sorry ) . 
  2500 may be way too high but afaik in switzerland the food and the rent is quite expensive . . so i 'm not sure you can subsist there with less than 1000 euros . 
  so if you cut all the other benefits for old and/or disabled people , you have to consider giving them at least subsistence level money .
