   r\u00e1duly r\u00f3bert ( mayor of miercurea ciuc ) and antal \u00c1rp\u00e1d ( mayor of sfantu ghiorgheni ) apart from what / u/notandrei said , i would add that miercurea ciuc and sfantu gheorghe are cities where the romanians have no chance to elect the mayors . 
  so if someone accused these magyar politicians of something or fabricated files , in order to prevent them to be reelected , it was probably someone from udmr ( who has a chance to take their place ) and not from the romanian parties which at least apparently have nothing to gain . 
  i understand your sadness and nostalgia . . 
  it 's very hard to predict the political and demographic future of eastern europe . 
  obviously i hope the current peace and apparent order will not collapse again in anarchy and war but who knows what global confrontation awaits us . 
  i have good news though , you can go visit transilvania and feel `` like home '' whenever you want , lots of hungarians do . 
  even i visit it once a year bahaha  ( i 'm from nagyvarad but i live in france - we intend to annex france in several decades but these muslim bastards multiply faster than us :d ), 
  actually that was a joke ( in romanian if it ends with bahahahah it 's probably a joke . . and if it ends with bahahamus it 's a latin joke , bahahaha  ) i do n't know the etymology of the word . . sounds magyar to me but it could be slavic too . . 
  in romanian [ `` lacom '' means greedy ] ( https://translate.google.com/#auto/en/lacom ) . 
  you decide who borrowed from who . . we will say it 's from latin anyway ... bahahaha , 
   hunter gatherer tribes + scythians + avars + slavs + different half nomadic tribes + magyars = hungarians - trianon = magyars lol , you are `` romanian '' ( or pre-magyar `` local '' if you do n't like `` romanian '' ) too !!, 
  it 's just that you started to use the language of the magyars and later identified as magyar  ( i 'm joking , i do n't really know what i am myself , i hardly can tell what you are ) . 
   why we ended with different cultures then ? 
  my opinion : because the conquering magyars were not able to impose their culture and language on enough people already living in or around the carpathian basin . 
  according to your theory : the hungarian king invited settlers from around ; good , but these settlers were not assimilated it seems ( that 's obvious : they were invited in a depopulated land ) . 
  so they changed the culture of the land . 
  that is when you lost transilvania . 
  now you may think that `` this king should have not invited these vlachs in his country '' . 
  i think they would have migrated there even uninvited if the land was depopulated from the mongol invasion and so on . . so hungary would have lost transilvania to others anyway . 
  you should be happy hungary was able to dominate this transilvania inhabited mostly by non-magyars for so long . 
  hungary ( and the habsburgs ) tried a lot of tactics to change the demographics of the land , they settled there other hungarians , the szeklers then the saxons and then tried the [ magyarization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magyarization ) but the romanians were still a majority . 
  i do n't think all these romanians simply migrated there in these huge numbers . 
  i think a lot of them were there originally . 
   i hardly belive that anyone gave a damn about the language of the shepherds from the mountains either in my opinion , after the mongol invasion ( from ~ 1250 on ) these shepherds living in mountains started to slowly repopulate first the hills and then the plains where available . 
  this does not exclude the settlers from wallachia or moldova . 
  in ~ 1500 they were already a significant part of the transilvanian population and there is [ proof they used their own language : see `` early history '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_language ) . 
   think only the apparent forced assimilations of the causescu era , with the goal to make an ethnically homogenous romania , helping hungarians settle in hungary , making difficult for small schools to exist etc. 
  those are not only stray losses . 
  what happened in communism : the communist party created new factories , around the cities and extended the cities with lots of blocs of apartments where the workers were housed . 
  the cities did n't have enough population needed for all the factories and quite early a lot of population from villages ( predominantly romanian ) was employed in the cities and they received apartments as they were built . 
  this changed the demographics of the cities . 
  before , many cities had hungarian majority or significant percentage of hungarians but after the cities were extended the magyars became a minority . 
  that 's not ethnic cleansing . 
  that 's just development . 
  all the magyars in my building ( 7 apartments out of 20 ) were from surrounding villages too , it was not only romanian peasants moved to cities . 
  the schooling was mostly in romanian with proportional classes in hungarian and that is not forced assimilation ( in 1940 my grandpa had no romanian schools at all and still he did n't lose/forgot his identity when he learned in hungarian at school and spoke romanian everywhere else ) . 
  no one was killed or persecuted for speaking hungarian at home or on the street . 
  also there were/are a lot of mixed families . 
  in my primary class there were 4-5 kids out of 30 from mixed or magyar families who preferred to learn in romanian because they were already speaking some hungarian at home . 
  in the same school , there was also 1 class out of 8-9 exclusively with magyar kids for every year of study ( they were learning in magyar , but i do n't know if they had different curricula - i never cared to ask ) . 
  most of the people were persecuted for political reasons but rarely for ethnic reasons ( maybe the gypsies were kept under control with more police than today ) . 
   helping hungarians settle in hungary that 's not true , there was no help at all . 
  after 1989 people left romania as fast as they could because the romanian communism failed later and harder than magyar communism and there was a lot of poverty for everyone , money lost almost all value and what you do n't know is that there were a lot more romanians leaving romania than hungarians & saxons together . 
  even today we have  1 million of romanians in italy and  1 million in spain ; official permanent migrants that will never comeback . 
  who knows how many are official and unofficial migrants in the rest of europe ( austria & germany is full of romanians and transilvanian saxons ) . 
  where do i send money ??? 
  ffs . . 
   maybe we can speak about pre-wallachia with voivodes beneath the mountains i think when these violent migratory tribes ( before magyars ) started to attack the carpathian basin , the locals ( you can call these locals whatever you want , i will call this combination of daco-romans + avars + scythians + slavs + other tribes = `` romanians '' ) took refuge from the plains of transilvania and partium to the mountains and the plains remained kind of empty but the mountains were inhabited by these shepherds speaking a romance language which were also called `` vlachs '' and `` olah '' later by your chronicles . 
  you can see this even today in transilvania and partium . 
  the hills and mountains are inhabited almost exclusively by romanian speaking populations ( the only exceptions are the szekelys and the saxons which were settled there later in middle age ) . 
  the conquering magyars occupied the rich and fertile lands in the valleys and you can see that even today : magyars in transilvania inhabit mostly the plains . 
   im still waiting patiently for romania , to act as a conqueror  i cant belive romania missed the great opportunity during the mutual unlimited friendship the ussr provided , and didnt fully shifted the countries culture during 1950-90 romania does not need to wipe or forcefully assimilate the transilvanian magyars in order to own transilvania and it never tried that ( i know there was a lot of propaganda about it but it was mostly hungarian propaganda ) . 
  the romanians living in transilvania were already a confortable majority in 1918 so why create tensions and enemies inside and outside if it 's not necessary - that 's not very wise ? 
  as a magyar in transilvania you can speak and learn whatever language you want as long as you respect the state and it 's laws . 
  if you work against the romanian state , that 's different story but magyars in romania are not second hand citizens with no rights , no power and no representation like the romanians were in hungary . 
  you can see lots of hungarian names in local and central administration and other branches of the state . 
  and yes , transilvania was occupied , but it 's part of romania with the consent of a majority of it 's population . 
  i do n't think i moved the goalpost nor that i made an exception . . but you are correct . . what is today slovakia was considered part of hungary for ~ 918 years . 
  i did n't know that slovakia was not occupied by the ottomans . 
  i had the impression the entire hungary was occupied when the ottomans surrounded vienna but apparently parts of it was only in suzerainty to ottomans . 
  ok then : slovakia , against it 's will , was part of hungary for 918 years . 
  i 'm glad we resolved this one . 
  yeah , but the `` ownership '' was habsburg and not hungarian anymore . 
  `` hungary '' was part of ( owned by ) the habsburg empire but the habsburg empire was not part of ( owned by ) `` hungary '' . 
  i tell you got annexed to something . . but you insist you were annexed in one piece . . technically it does not matter other than for your pride . . 
  many regions/countries were annexed in one piece . . but they were annexed and lost their sovereignty . 
  ok , let 's rephrase that : from 1000 to 1546 slovakia was part of kingdom of hungary , and from 1546 to 1867 slovakia and ( at least some parts ) the kingdom of hungary were part of the ottoman and later habsburg empires . 
  from 1867 hungary tried to convince slovakia that it was part of hungary but in 1918 slovakia said `` fuck off hungary . . 
  i want my own country '' and they lived happily separated ever after . 
  honest question . . can you admit hungary also occupied transilvania in the middle ages ? 
  or the `` occupation '' is only romanian  ? 
  when the magyars occupied transilvania you think they were nice to the local nobles and common people ? 
  do you understand why there was `` no wallachian nobility in transilvania '' ? 
  ( pss . . local `` nobility '' was wiped out long time ago and the magyars subjugated by force the common people ) . 
  if koh ruled as they pleased in transilvania and displaced populations , why it 's not ok for romania to do the same ? 
  magyar nobility in transilvania was something very cool if you were part of the nobility . . and it sucked if you were part of the `` common people '' . 
  i like peace but i do n't like double standards . . 
  i get your point but i do n't like this double standard : when you talk about hungary you say it 's a millennium old even if it was occupied by others , divided and ruled by foreign kings during this time . 
  when we talk about romania you like to argue that it did n't exist in middle ages and that it was occupied and it changed names and so on . 
  let 's agree that if `` hungary '' is 1000 years old , `` romania '' is at least 750 years old too ( [ 1246 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wallachia ) ) otherwise we agree that `` hungary '' was born in 1867 and `` romania '' in 1859 . . can we make peace now ? 
  if you are sure you will meet only civilized and educated europeans during your trip , do n't shave . 
  personally , i do n't know and ca n't guarantee what 's in the mind of the people you will meet . . 
  i would n't risk my health or life for a beard which grows back later anyways ( it 's enough once to be in the wrong place and time . . ) . 
  the situation is messy indeed . 
  from my point of view , without the habsburgs the kingdom of hungary would have not survived and the kingdom of hungary alone ( with the habsburgs at the head or without ) would have not been able to recover it 's original territory . 
  the title `` king of hungary '' without the land , would have been useless . 
  it was the force of the entire habsburg empire pushing the ottomans out . 
  you are lucky they decided to adopt the title of `` king of hungary '' otherwise it would have been habsburg kingdom of panonia and your continuity would have went in the toilet . . 
  that 's not kingdom of hungary , that 's transilvania and partium ; a different entity . 
  [ see this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_hungary )  due to the ottoman occupation of the central and southern territories in the 16th century , the monarchy split into three parts : the habsburg royal hungary , ottoman hungary and the semi-independent principality of transylvania . 
  [ 7 ] the house of habsburg held the hungarian throne after the battle of moh\u00e1cs until 1918 and also played a key role in the liberation wars against the ottoman empire . 
  [ and this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_of_hungary )  transylvania was originally a province of the kingdom of hungary ruled by a voivode , but after 1526 became a semi-independent principality subordinated to the ottoman empire , and later to the habsburg empire . 
  in 1696 , after dethroning prince michael ii apafi , leopold i took the title `` prince of transylvania '' . 
  in 1765 , maria theresa elevated transylvania to grand principality . 
  i do n't intend to pop your balloon but from 1541 to 1699 hungary was under the ottomans and until 1867 it was under hapsburgs . . 
  so your `` millennium '' is kind of several hundreds years in the middle age and only 51 years in the modern age . . edit : and if you donvote enough , transilvania becomes part of hungary for a `` millennium '' too . . just click harder , you can rewrite history !!, 
  i 'm just glad the good deed is not forgotten . 
  cheers, 
  communism kind of erased the real pre-ww2 history in all eastern europe and stressed the post-ww2 events and alliances . 
  in ww2 , romania [ risked it 's skin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_bridgehead ) for poland and we would probably do it again vs the ruskies . . but we are not so cool to deserve a `` friendship day '' like the hungarians  . .
