  how so ? 
  it 's a free trade zone . 
  once again , this is a local problem . 
  the manufacturers are not the ones claiming that they are identical . 
  i 've got a can of tuna in my larder right now that has been there for at least 9 months . 
  it was shipped here from vietnam ( not in a refrigerated ship i can assure you . 
  it 's got another year before the expiration . 
  who are `` they '' ? 
  not the producers . 
   products need to have labels in local language . 
  this is a local obstacle and not something that you can blame on the producers . 
   there is single market and lidl/tesco/auchan / whatever take full advantage of it and operate within it , why they offer tat in some countries ? 
  if there is a local monopoly then there is a reason for that and i 'm betting it is the local government . 
  the distribution should be made by people who know what they are doing and can transport the products respecting hygienical standards , and have the right tools for the job ( warehouses , refridgerator trucks , etc ) we 're talking about things like nutella and tuna fish . 
  no need for refrigeration . 
   how do you know he would get a profit at all , let alone one significant enough to spend his time driving to a different country ( or several countries ) ? 
  this entire discussion is about how people are driving with their cars to another country to buy groceries because they are cheaper and better . 
  do you really need me to answer that question for you ? 
  why is it despicable ? 
  `` your proposal is not realistic . '', 
  i get that there are licensing issues etc. , but clearly they are surmountable our else you would not have any retailers in those countries . 
  why would the german stores impose limits ? 
  it 's in their best interest to sell their products . 
  this is the second discussion that i 've been involved in about this and i asked the same question last time that i 'm going to ask now . 
  hopefully this time someone can answer me . 
  if the borders are open what is stopping some enterprising young individual with a truck from driving to aldi and loading up with superior , less expensive western produce and then driving home to sell that stuff at a modest profit ? 
  my tendency here is less to point a finger at the producers than it is to the retailers who agree to sell inferior wares . 
  i think a lot of people in the east still have n't understood that the market is usually what decides what gets sold ( so they do ) . 
  if that 's not happening something local is getting in the way . 
  would n't that mean that the countries that we 're talking about would get higher quality imported products than the countries exporting them ? 
  `` supposedly identical '' . 
  i do n't see anyone making the claim that they are identical . 
  they clearly label their content . 
  you did n't answer the question . 
  you go to circumcision.org for your unbiased reporting on circumcisions ? 
  nice . 
  `` i am fairly certain that it is still possible for a female who was genitally mutilated to achieve an orgasm , but do n't quote me on it '' this is a fundamental point in this discussion . 
  if you 're going to argue that fgm is as bad as circumcision , you ought to fucking know what the impact of it is . 
  the simple fact is that what is done to girls is expressly to limit the amount of pleasure that they can get from sex so that they will no engage in it outside of marriage . 
  circumcision , on the other hand , was most likely started as a fertility ritual to ensure a male 's potency . 
  there has never been any conclusive study on what it 's effects are , damaging or otherwise , to the males who get one . 
  as a male who was circumcised i can tell you that i was wholly unaware of that fact until i was at least 18 years old and since then i very seldom think about it . 
  i do n't think that the girls who are mutilated can say the same . 
  go fuck yourself for pretending to have an opinion on something that you confess to not knowing anything about . 
  edit : i know that this is pointless , but why do n't you fucking try to educate yourself . 
  a female not having orgasms does n't matter ? 
  i bet you 're a laugh at parties . 
  how is it damaging ? 
  i 'm not confusing law and religion . 
  if a kid dying is enough for you to pass a law infringing on an entire country 's rights then you do n't appreciate your rights very much . 
  or you do n't appreciate them enough if children are still dying of anything that is theoretically preventable . 
  so , it 's a psychologist who disagrees with the cdc based on the fact that it hurts if you do n't use anesthesia . 
  not very convincing . 
  you want to guess why ? 
  all of the studies that she mentions , she does n't give any information about the control groups . 
  no , i have n't looked very hard . 
  it 's your responsibility to prove your point that it causes harm . 
  so far you 've shown me that the cdc , the organization that is responsible for keeping americans healthy , thinks it 's a good idea . 
  that 's a swing and a miss . 
  no you ca n't . 
  cutting off a girl 's clitoris with the intention of making sex unpleasurable for her is objectively damaging to her . 
  there is a difference between having all the orgasms you want in life and having none . 
   the parents are doing that in this situation . 
  sorry , but i a parent cares more about their children than you do . 
  i know that 's hard for you to believe unless they are making all the same decisions you would , but they do . 
  that 's why we let them be the ones to decide how to raise their children and literally make every decision for them until they are adults . 
  we only draw the line when they are clearly making decisions that are damaging the children . 
  nobody has yet demonstrated to me how these children are damaged . 
  `` i do n't think this is about love '' . 
  then you do n't know anything about religion . 
  one of the things is that you have to raise your children in your belief if you want them to enjoy the grace of your god . 
  sure , you may think it 's bullshit but they do n't . 
  i 'm not willing to tell anyone that their religion is bullshit unless i can see some clear harm happening to them . 
  my son does not give a shit about his foreskin . 
  `` i just draw the line at medically unnecessary body mutilation , and not because they are all horrific or crippling , but because if one is justified because of the parents ' customs or beliefs , then all of them have a grip to claim acceptance . '', 
  yeah , but you 're not just drawing the line for you are you . 
  you 're drawing the line for everyone else too . 
  why stop there . 
  you probably love babies so much that you want to make sure that every mother nurses them . 
  after all it 's what 's best for the child . 
  make baby formula illegal . 
  and while we 're at it we can take tvs out of the homes of families with young children . 
  we ca n't just have them sitting in front of the tube all day . 
  furthermore it 's not enough to allow parents to go on parental leave . 
  they should be forced to leave their jobs until the child is at least 2 . 
  screw it , why do n't we just take all the babies and raise them in government sanctioned incubators until they are 18 . 
  private citizens will just screw that stuff up . 
  using the old `` but one kid died '' argument we can also ban almost every other freedom that parents enjoy with their children . 
  horse riding kills hundreds of kids every year and so do other sports . 
  it 's a damned fussy business when you start deciding for people what they need when they do n't want it . 
  `` this is subjective . '', 
  but not subjective enough for you to want to use the power of the state to limit people 's religious freedom . 
  not subjective enough for you to want to place your own judgement before the judgement of a child 's parents . 
  until you can make it less subjective you should stop imposing your subjective sense of right and wrong on other people . 
  `` it simply infringes on the individual 's right to decide for himself . '', 
  until you are an adult you have no right to decide for yourself . 
  if you did i never would have gone to school or brushed my teeth . 
  i get your point too , and i personally am against circumcision and i made that decision for my own son . 
  but , and this is very important , i 'm not willing to make that decision for anyone else . 
  if you think that you love those boys more than their parents do you 're making a mistake .
