  american here . 
  how is this imitating great britain ? 
  we 'll take your money and force you to drive on well maintained roads and use the comprehensive infrastructure . 
  your children will toil away in well functioning schools and day cares as you slowly age until you have to collect a state pension to ensure you are taken care of until you die !!, 
  income disparity is not the saddest thing about america , but it 's the most measurable aspect of how the american dream is failing . 
  numbers are tricky things and it 's dangerous to take one and try to extrapolate meaning out of it without further data . 
  if , for example , you have a country where 99.99 percent of the population is dirt poor and a very small percentage of people who are wealthy but able to obscure most of their wealth , you might have a comparably low inequality . 
  most people are perfectly equal because they 're living in poverty . 
  statistically the people who are super wealthy are the outliers . 
  have you got figures that contradict that ? 
  thanks for that . 
  i think it 's interesting information , but i always want my citations . 
  and they use that money for social programs that benefit the country as a whole !, 
  someone think of the children !, 
  ee can have whatever they want . 
  anyone there is free to shop for whatever they want wherever they want within the eu . 
  we still have not established what anyone means by `` inferior '' aside from `` it tastes different . '', 
  guess what ? 
  lots of things produced or sold in different countries taste different . 
  ever have mexican coke ? 
  super different because they use sugar from sugarcane and not corn syrup like most of the rest of the world . 
  that 's not some evil conspiracy by coke to screw the mexicans , cane sugar is just the cheaper sweetener in that part of the world . 
  we also have n't ruled out that those products probably taste different because their manufacturers did some testing with the people living in those countries to see if their tastes varied from other countries . 
  i have to think that if there really were a problem then people would stop buying that gross inferior stuff and look for alternatives . 
  hell , if you really want to you can make your own nutella . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  who exactly is saying that there is a problem aside from you ? 
  if nutella or any other product sucks as bad as you seem to be making out , then why the hell are people buying it ? 
  how about just letting the market handle it ? 
  there are things that capitalism does not do well , but regulating what kinds of chocolate spreads are available generally works without regulation . 
  if you do n't like it , do n't buy it . 
  if there 's nothing good on the market , then you 've got a huge opportunity to market something . 
  we just started this argument with the assertion that consumers are mostly unaware of the `` problem '' . 
  how ? 
  the measures that they are using in this article sound extremely subjective . 
  are you talking about forcing them to use exactly the same ingredients and preparation in every country ? 
  nutella sells a very different product in the u.s. too . 
  that does n't mean it has less quality . 
  it 's just a different market . 
  fine them for what ? 
  it has already been established that they are n't breaking any laws . 
  hop across the border , buy all the good stuff , go home , sell , profit . 
  yeah , that 's what i understood too . 
  this information is the most important thing i can think of if you want to understand the political dynamic in the eu . 
  from the german pov a free trade zone was always a no brainer . 
  they make things that people want to buy . 
  i 'm a little surprised by the uk numbers . 
  it depends . 
  they are two different countries . 
  well , alright but it would have to be a really cute boy porcupine . 
  i 'm not gay !, 
  is it a girl ? 
  none . 
  i only started this account up a couple weeks ago after someone asked r/askmen if people with `` pm_me_your '' accounts ever got those pictures and they said they did !, 
  i like the germans ... more and more i like the germans . 
  yeah , there are security measures that help , security measures that appear to help , and security measures that create obvious safety hazards . 
  i 'd put this in that last box . 
  this is the proper question to be asking . 
  also , what would it be like to be inside that wall with a few hundred other tourists after someone lobs a couple grenades over . 
  or what if someone clever with a ladder gets in with an ak . 
  of how about good old fashioned molotov cocktails ? 
  or what if instead of gasoline in the cocktails we mix in some detergent and mothballs to make homemade napalm ? 
  almost any security measure that you can think of is less than useless in the face of human creativity . 
  i understood you . 
  sometimes finns will buy round after round and the russians just to be hospitible will drink with them , but otherwise never a drunk russian !, 
  calling that phenomena a protectionist cartel is a serious allegation and you should have some proof for it before bringing it up . 
  the reason i say that is because it seems like this entire discussion is fueled by very subjective impressions . 
  `` my food is n't as good as their food so they must be screwing me . '', 
  i think that there are a number of other explanations that make more sense . 
  considering how only certain countries are suffering from it the logical deduction would be that those countries have something that makes them different . 
  going a step further and also out on a limb i 'd say that the same kinds of corruption that permeated those systems under communism are still there and the same individuals and groups that were gaming the system for their own benefit during the cold war are doing it now . 
  cleverly those people have learned that they can now use nationalist impulses to get the people to blame the eu and european corporations for their problems in much the same way that the party chiefs used to blame the west for long bread lines in the past . 
  once again , that 's does n't mean that the producers are the problem . 
  that means that the retailers are . 
  if it were me i 'd boycott them . 
  if there 's no alternative to them then you need to start looking at the local governments and asking them why . 
  that 's kind of the feeling i 'm getting here . 
  i remember watching in 89 how different countries took to capitalism . 
  some of them took to it like fish to water . 
  for others it seemed like all of the same faces from the old party just kept on running things with a different name . 
  even now , 30 years later there are a lot of people who are interested in maintaining that status quo and part of their formula for success is to gin up resentment for the west . 
  i get it that there is work to do in order to set up a business , but i do n't get that you 're pretending that it 's impossible . 
  in other countries when there is a demand for something it 's just a matter of time before someone finds a way to profit from that . 
  why is that not working here ? 
  thank you . 
  do you think that there are countries where that is happening more than others ? 
  it seems like the ones i hear about tend to be bulgaria , the czech republic and romania . 
  countries like poland and slovenia do n't seem to have the problem or do n't have as many vocal critics . 
  it seems also like it 's hard to discuss this with a lot of people . 
  they seem very determined to look for fault with the eu or with the producers and i just do n't see anything in it for either of those groups to victimize their customers . 
  sure . 
  just like everyone else does . 
  you would have no disadvantage compared to local retailers . 
  only the advantage of having superior products that apparently everyone prefers . 
  `` yes , they are interested to sell them , but less if this means that their regular , local customers get annoyed because they ca n't find their regular products on the shelfs and if this undercuts they own stores in the cee market . '', 
  from the article it sounds like cross border shoppers are their regular customers . 
  i 've had a fair bit of experience in retail myself and i can tell you that the reaction to empty shelves is to order more , not to turn away customers . 
   however i think the issue here is that when `` the packaging on the bottles is identical '' one expects consistency across borders . 
  speak for yourself . 
  anyone who has been across a border knows that is only true in some cases .
