  no , i 'm not . 
  people are claiming that it 's exactly the same . 
  does it make the penis less sensitive ? 
  mine does not feel less sensitive . 
  get over yourself . 
  most men who were circumcised as babies never think about it . 
  that is the obvious third option . 
  it 's remarkable to me that you did n't see it . 
  now stop obsessing with other people 's penises and get on with your life . 
  there are several principles at question here , but at the core of it definitions are the disagreement . 
  you qualify this as `` abuse '' and `` mutilation '' . 
  is there any surgical procedure that you would not qualify as mutilation ? 
  aesthetics change with time and i 'll tell you that girls who grew up where i did , when i was a boy , thought turtlenecks were a little gross . 
  my parents did it because people ( including doctors ) at the time thought that it was easier to keep clean and what the hell it 's just a couple of snips . 
  you can qualify it as abuse but it would have to be fairly serious abuse for me to say that you have the right to take a parents right to judge for themselves what is best for their child away from them . 
  that is a serious thing for a government to be doing and should only happen when there is serious damage being done . 
  i do n't see a case for serious damage here . 
  explain to me why you think that this is damaging the boys that it 's done to ? 
  i get it . 
  it 's unnecessary but you 're going to have to demonstrate the harmfulness of it to me and it will have to be very harmful if i 'm going to say that you know better what is good for a child than their parent . 
  it might seem like a small thing to you , in fact i 'm sure you do n't care at all , but to take a parent 's agency for their child away from them is a big deal . 
  lots of people think that they know better and some times i agree with them , but as someone who got a circumcision i do n't feel like i was harmed . 
  the vast majority of males who were circumcised do not feel like they were harmed . 
  it is not . 
  a male who has been circumcised will go through his life largely unaware that anything was done to him and be fully capable of enjoying a healthy sex life . 
  for me the only difference has been once or twice when girls have commented that it looks nicer whatever that means . 
  female genital mutilation can mean a lot of things , but in the worst case scenario it means purposely altering her to make sex less pleasurable or even painful . 
  her chances of ever having pleasure from sex are often completely eliminated . 
  i was circumcised and believe me i can still have sex with no problem . 
  there was never any attempt to surgically make it impossible for me to enjoy sex . 
  they are not the same thing . 
  not even close . 
  there always does seem to be a lot of nationalism that plays into this . 
  the simple fact is that less and less people are having their children circumcised . 
  there is a very specific reason why it is suddenly becoming an issue and it 's not because the problem suddenly got worse . 
  you 're being ridiculous and i think you know it . 
  i 'm just wondering why you guys stop at conflating circumcision with rape and prostitution . 
  why do n't you work to put every parent who ever did this in front of a war crimes tribunal because they 're really no better than hitler . 
  it 's a mistake to conflate circumcision with fgm . 
  a female having her clitoris cut off and her vagina sewn shut is not the same as a male having his foreskin removed . 
  i agree that it 's silly that we continue to do it and i think most parents are opting away from it . 
  i did n't with my son despite his grandmother ( a pediatrician ) pressuring us to . 
  i do not see any need for a law . 
  you 're just being a dick . 
  he just pointed out that your extreme language was actually hurting a cause that he agreed with . 
  children are incapable of giving consent . 
  that 's why we rely on their parents . 
  the guardian has a nice summation with subtitled highlights . 
  i do n't care what else you believe , but that level of self examination makes you my kind of people . 
  at the end of the day they are n't even supporting trump for being trump . 
  they 're doing it because for the first time in their lives they are part of something and in their minds he won because of them . 
  they feel powerful in a world that is largely too complicated for them to feel safe . 
  you 're probably right , but she 's doing her best right now to make a play for more moderate voters . 
  this will probably hurt her chances with them ( hopefully ) . 
  that fucker . 
  i knew it . 
  really ? 
  you 're pretty good at that . 
  what does my dog mean when he barks and then covers his nose with his right paw ? 
  whut ? 
  because it 's always there , just under the surface . 
  people are scared . 
  they 're scared of not being able to maintain the lifestyle that they 've been taught they ought to have . 
  they know deep down that part of the reason that they have what they have is an accident of birth ( either their race , their sex , or their nationality ) . 
  they turn that fear into resentment towards the people who they think might take it from them . 
  to make it worse there are people who are unscrupulous enough to fan the flames for their own political ends . 
  take donald trump as an example . 
  i do n't know if he 's racist or not , but he sure knew how to get those racists excited about someone who was going to turn the clock back to when a god fearing white man did n't have to worry about where his next meal was going to come from . 
  of what group ? 
  the lying idiots ? 
  because you 're lying and saying stupid things . 
   but that is different from saying inferior . 
  different in a way that does n't matter at all . 
  if you think that people are , based on their ethnicity , predisposed to be a certain way then you are by definition a racist . 
  even if you think that all people of african heritage are by virtue of their genetics more eloquent , beautiful and erudite , you are a racist . 
  you 're lying now . 
  i never argued for that . 
  i drew a distinction between fighting and not cooperating . 
  i did not express my support for either . 
  you 're just making it easier for me to think that you guys are a bunch of lying idiots . 
  hey ... sport ... donald is n't european . 
  most europeans would be insulted by your insinuation . 
  am i ? 
  where did i argue against the law ? 
  thanks for pointing out how stupid you guys are though . 
   you really have to go to the extreme fringes of the extreme fringes where the people are either genuinely crazy or trolls to find the people you describe . 
  or t_d . 
  you seem like someone who has n't been banned from there . 
  go on in , post something like `` mexicans are predisposed to be ______ '' and see how many downvotes you get . 
  it 's not prejudice to classify people by their attitudes . 
  i 'm just calling people who are demonstrably stupid , stupid . 
  here it says that he lost with college educated voters . 
  the better the education the more he lost : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-elections/who-voted-for-donald-trump-white-men-and-women-most-responsible-for-new-president-elect-voting-data-a7407996.html, 
  and you think that jared taylor is the white nationalist extreme ? 
  he 's presentable enough to rub elbows with a lot of people in the current administration . 
  he might not be 100 % forthcoming about his attitudes . 
  same thing in america . 
  not afraid . 
  just exhausted . 
  but i 'll give you this , you guys will defend any position vigorously as long as it allows you to feel superior about something .
