i am in a no go zone right now !, 
  pray for me . 
  what have i said about my country ? 
  that 's okay . 
  i need practice to deal with the shitstorm of anti-americanism that he 's going to kick off . 
  nope . 
  i get what you mean though . 
  in these trying times with such heated opinions on all sides we all have to question ourselves . 
  for me though , it 's all pretty simple . 
  i live in germany and most of the people i know who are part of the modern american right will love to tell me what a shit hole this country is . 
  they 're pretty positive that muslims roam the streets , raping and burning down christian churches with impunity . 
  i can look out the window and know that 's not true . 
  people on the right have to disbelieve too many things that are too obviously true for me to take them seriously . 
  evolution , global warming , vaccinations , etc. 
  etc. . 
  i know i 'm not right about everything , but by god i will consider any proof and weigh it against my own as fairly as i can . 
  i would rather change my mind than argue against facts . 
  they are not like that . 
  i ca n't stop myself from thinking about him like i do about normal adults . 
  look at me expecting him to be consistent . 
  why ? 
  i do n't see people being banned for expressing an opinion . 
  practically every thread where trump or refugees or islam gets mentioned , you will see people from donnytown come in here and try to stink the place up . 
  that 's alright . 
  we put up with it . 
  to do that he 'd have to admit that germany is n't a smouldering pile of rubbish after letting refugees in . 
  there 's only one , sport . 
  they 're already here . 
  i hear a rumbling from afar , a stampede of indignation from r/thedonny . 
  hide the children and refugees !, 
  so , to sum up you do n't like that i 'm just lumping you in with citizens from western countries that have been beating the shit out of those people . 
  you do n't think it 's fair to be painted with the same brush as they are . 
  whose predictions ? 
  no reason right now to believe that wo n't happen . 
  millions of people with turkish heritage made it . 
  i do n't know you . 
  you have n't said much . 
  but my feeling is that you are pretty on board with the things that have been done and are being done to muslims in europe and in their own countries . 
  so do n't try to wash your hands and say `` it 's someone else . '', 
  i asked him what he 's done . 
  i thought that was clear . 
  should i be using shorter words ? 
  plus it 's nice to know that those refugees are going to be paying into the retirement system as they are integrated . 
  right , and if you want to find out how fast , keep on treating them all as though they are all the enemy . 
  so you think in a normal world there should be european publications regularly publishing mohammed cartoons and if they are n't it 's a sure sign that they are being repressed ? 
  alright . 
  then my theory is that the fact that they stopped publishing pictures of frank sinatra is them pandering to the protestants . 
   middle east is a shithole and yet we keep on finding excuses to wage wars there . 
   i ca n't prove a negative . 
  that 's more or less impossible . 
  then do n't go making arguments based on them . 
  colonization and occupation . 
  `` my point made well . '', 
  your point was supposed to be that nobody is publishing those anymore . 
  they 're everywhere . 
  if you want to discuss this like an adult do n't change your position mid-thought . 
  if you want to say that nobody is publishing mohammed cartoons then you 're going to have to be the one who proves that , and also why they are n't doing it . 
  really ? 
  i 'm an american vet and i personally know other muslim vets who have fought and bled for my country and its values . 
  how about you ? 
  what have you done ? 
   remember charlie hebdo ? 
  of course i do . 
  those attackers were assholes and needed to be punished for that . 
  i 'm sure i 'm not alone in saying that i published the cartoons in question on my social media ( despite having several muslims in my circle of friends and acquaintances ) and have been very clear in this thread that i think anyone should be free to say anything without fear of being killed for it . 
  those attackers do not represent all of islam . 
  if they did you and i would both be dead right now . 
  i know plenty of people who have been threatened by christians for saying blasphemous things . 
  it 's one of the excuses that people use for beating up on and even killing gays still today . 
   also keep the white guilt sins-of-the-father shite out of this as we are normally talking about european citizens . 
  you 're the one who tried to paint us as the civilized ones . 
  how many bombs has a muslim country dropped on the city that you live in ? 
  but if you 're european then your country 's government has probably participated in dropping bombs on some muslims . 
  just because it 's not you personally opening the bomb bay doors does not make you any less culpable . 
   mostly because modern muslims have a habit of killing non-muslims ( as seen by the individual ) . 
  the last thing we should do it tiptoe around this barbaric ideology . 
  do you seriously think that modern muslims are the problem ? 
  that the progressive muslims are the ones throwing their lives away on terror attacks ? 
  obviously we do have a problem with muslim terrorists , but painting with a broad brush like that is childish . 
  if we really did have a problem with all muslims like you seem to be claiming we 'd be fucked because guess what , they outnumber europeans by about 3 to 1 . 
  but by pretending that the problem is with all muslims you are telling the ones who are not the problem that they should be a problem . 
  right now they are siding with civilized modern values but people like you tell them that they 're barbaric and unwelcome anyway , so what have they got to lose . 
  as for your supposed superiority , let 's not forget the reasons why they hate us . 
  europeans controlled that part of the world for a long time and we were not civilized about it . 
  we treated the natives like subhumans and when we were finally done occupying their countries we had no compunctions at all about interfering in their politics , assassinating leaders who were not friendly to our interests and subverting entire governments . 
  you ca n't run roughshod over people for a couple of centuries and then throw up your hands and say `` why do they hate us so much ? 
  why do the most radical elements in their society draw followers ? '', 
  listen , in my opinion this guy is a dick and he 's hurting all of us with this type of provocation . 
  people are dying right now because of this conflict , and assholes who intentionally incite outrage are just giving fuel to the worst elements on the other side . 
  but it 's his book , it 's his yard , and it 's his retarded opinions . 
  in a free society we have to learn to tolerate assholes . 
  are you really unaware that you can check through the rest of the comments and find out ? 
  we would never exaggerate and anyone who says we would is the greatest liar in all of history . 
  yeah , but for the other 50 % of the time you guys do n't know what 's going on . 
  we 're also awesome at sports and super smart . 
  well , you know what they say . 
  the best jokes are always the ones that you have to explain . 
  we americans like to keep our cards close to our chest . 
  no need to advertise . 
  oooooohhhhhhhh,
