  uk pls . 
  recently there was posted an article calling the eastern europe `` illiberal democracies '' for not wanting refugees . 
  i just shook my head , because that was just an incorrect usage of this term . 
  however , it 's stuff like this that makes a good example of the polish government approaching the illiberal democracy model . 
  well you should be enraged by any unconstitutional act done by your government . 
  the argument of the `` constitutional court ruling on itself '' is not that valid in my opinion . 
  this is just a part of the system , if you want to have some highest authority that can protect the most fundamental values of the constitution . 
  i do n't know the polish constitution , but there must be ways of battling the constitutional court in a constitutional-friendly way . 
  how do you know how far the government will go next time ? 
  i would be pretty scared . 
  either way stay strong polish brothers . 
  i am personally worried about what our parliamentary elections in 2017 will bring . 
  wow thank you !, 
  i 've been looking for stuff like encrypted.google.com , because i often get some pretty shit results when searching for something not my region related . 
  it seems that the implicit / s in my post was n't so obvious . 
  good for the whole cee . 
  w\u00f6rk , w\u00f6rk . 
  they are already taking over unfortunately . 
  there are literally dozens of them , plotting to implement sharia law and ban bacon !, 
  rip czech nation . 
  why do n't they go back and retake their homeland , joining sdf , i mean fsa , ehm isis , or saa ? 
  never visit rome in the summer . 
  it 's hot there even in the autumn . 
  otherwise it 's the most beautiful city i have been to . 
  as for prague , it is a good choice if you want to party hard . 
  hahaha , nice one hungarians . 
  i see you are brainwashed nicely . 
  it 's so easy to make these assumptions from the safety of our homeland . 
  the refugee camps in jordan etc. 
  are overcrowded , the people there have lifelong traumas and have lost families . 
  would you raise your children in such environment or take the risk of going to europe ? 
  i know i would leave . 
  these people still make a substantial part of the ` migrant ' flow and should be helped . 
  i 'm sick of people labeling humans as some insects inconveniencing their lives . 
  thank you . 
  we shall overcome . 
  time to vote for someone young and perspective . 
  relevant username . 
  suisse is so gorgeous . 
  [ like this ] ( http://youtu.be/3g4nkzmfc-q ) also beer glasses clinking . 
  well considering how many words we have borrowed from the germans , it is not . 
  only two years to go !, 
  is the threshold 5 % ? 
  if so , am i counting correctly 9 parties exceeding it ? 
  holy shit . 
  still amazes me how much wealth our ancestors put together to build these buildings , especially considering how poor everyone was back then . 
  it 's stealth ... 
  i think building a beer carrier would serve us much better for projecting power around the globe . 
  edit : not in the middle-east though . 
  * rule bohemia !, 
  bohemia rule the waves . 
  czechbros never , never , never shall be slaves . 
  [ czech navy fleet ( 2014 ) ] ( http://echo24.cz/img/53bf1f1fe4b0d988d4c78179/1910/1000?_sig=jcxeaqaqxmzqfpmq1onndh_hcfck5jmdecthbun2md4 ), 
  1956 , 1968 - uniting europe the russian way . 
  no thanks . 
  and those are only the registered violations ... 
  well i 'm not saying the emigration is non-existent , lots of young people i know move around europe , many of them return though . 
  i think it 's a cultural thing that people do n't emigrate from cr , as you have said . 
  not at all . 
  czech stronk . 
  despite everyone bitching about everything the living conditions are surprisingly good here . 
  life is pretty comfortable even if you do n't make much money , healthcare is really good and ` free ' , education is n't bad either , tolerant people ( current hysteria concerning refugees being the exception ) , close to the alps etc. 
  couple questions : 1 ) what does ( former homeland ) located in the south bohemia on the map mean ? 
  2 ) how did boii get south of venice ? 
  this is an awesome map btw . 
  czech republic : 1 ) people have gone crazy regarding refugees after constant media massage . 
  i 've heard many otherwise normal people talk about shooting them or letting them drown . 
  2 ) anti-eu sentiment among population despite being totally uneducated on the subject ( again people are letting themselves be manipulated heavily ) . 
  the symbol of the eu evil is `` pomaz\u00e1nkov\u00e9 m\u00e1slo '' ban which was in fact completely a fault of the czech government . 
  3 ) our president is the worst kind of lying , spiteful idiot . 
  yep , it 's been overturned since i posted . 
  if you browse the ` new ' tab from time to time , you will notice that self posts are usually at 0 for quite some time after they have been posted . 
  what the hell is with all the downvoting in this subreddit ? 
  almost all self posts get heavily downvoted lately . 
  this is a legit question by op . 
  is / r/europe getting brigaded ? 
  i honestly do n't see the difference ( the result still involves linking to another subreddit ) , but next time will abide by your suggestion . 
  at least it 's good to see the mods active . 
   have a nice day . 
  well it got removed eventually . 
  i do n't get it . 
  this seemed like the best way to share the joke without giving the impression that i take credit for it . 
  i 'm not well rounded in reddit law ( / s ) . 
  what was the correct procedure then ? 
  if its because of karma than that 's pretty hilarious . 
  reparation by whom ? 
  as you know , this part of history is a pretty sensitive spot for the czechs . 
  the expulsion was decided on potsdam conference and no czech legislation ever regulated it . 
  a presidential candidate lost in the final round in 2012 because of his proclamation that the then existing government would end up before the icc if this happened today . 
  the expulsion was n't just or anything , but what was back then ? 
  it definitely fucked up these formerly rich parts of czechoslovakia though . 
  that is so nice . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_nationality_law https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law, 
  re : re : fwd : re : fwd : fwd : should english be the only official language of the eu ? 
  czech police are pretty chill . 
  just be polite and you should n't have any problems . 
  edit : the same goes for german and austrian police in my experience . 
  slav ingli\u0161 best ingli\u0161 . 
  i 've found this post pretty funny and i hope cross-posting it here does n't break any rules . 
  that will be the end for those criminal czech mobile services prices .
