   glad i could help with that . 
  the title just seems ridiculous to me . 
  i understand your outrage , but you also have to take into account that it 's only these seemingly stupid regulations that make the news . 
  the eu does so much useful stuff in harmonizing and unifying law of the member states , but only stuff like banana curvature gets the coverage . 
  imo `` kunda '' and `` p\u00ed\u010da '' are in the same league , i.e. 
  the most offensive words there are . 
  out president is a degenerate . 
  and what is worse , an elected degenerate . 
  yeah it was a hyperbole to show the absurdity behind this . 
  although for example tax laws are getting stricter and stricter every day here , ceding way too much control to the government . 
  dragons are fun at least . 
  meanwhile governments monitor our every single step . 
  and 130k people can just vanish ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  welcome to the dark side austria . 
  the v4 has been expecting you . 
  remove putin 2 . 
  stop imperialistic tendencies 3 . 
  i will just add that what we are seeing is a prime example of law being outdated and ceasing to reflect the realities of current globalised world . 
  international law is by its nature pretty rigid , because it takes ages to draft and negotiate new treaties . 
  the geneva convention and dublin regulation were n't built for this shit , so it 's a question whether they should materially apply anymore . 
  therefore , i wonder if the definition of a refugee is still valid . 
  people are crazy from consuming media fearmongering sensationalist articles . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't problems , but the hysteria is over the top - suggesting that everyone leaves the eu , blame shifting , renewing historical grudges , the doom is upon us !, 
  opinions etc. 
  also any non-immigration thread gets downvoted to hell . 
  edit : also blaming everything on the eu . 
  voting shit politicians to the european parliament ? 
  that 's because the eu sucks !, 
  not being able to not steal/abuse eu funds ? 
  silly eu why are you throwing money at us , making us steal it ? 
  not being able to push our interests in the eu ? 
  that 's because the eussr is an undemocratic institution , not because of our incompetence !, 
  and you are lucky for not reading czech internet discussions . 
  the stupidity is insane . 
  as confirmed by the [ betteridge 's law of headlines ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ) . 
  the real mvp . 
  thank you !, 
   rindfleischetikettierungs\u00fcberwachungsaufgaben\u00fcbertragungsgesetz haha google translates that as beef labeling monitoring delegation act . 
  is that correct ? 
  so if you sue someone for 10000 $ and take a lawyer who charges 1000 $ / hour and he spends 100 hours on the case , and you win , the other party has to pay you 10000 $ + 100 x 1000 $ ? 
  that sounds cruel . 
  here you would pay your 100 x 1000 $ to your attorney and then be reimbursed for example 5 % of the sued 10000 $ for each step in the proceedings ( appointment with client , inspections of court files , drafting a motion ) . 
  therefore , if there was 20 of these steps per proceeding , you would get reimbursed 10000 $ ( 20x500 $ ) and would bear the rest of your costs . 
  it 's your responsibility to choose an attorney you can afford . 
  in the czech republic you get only a fraction of your costs even if you win . 
  you have to pay to your attorney based on the price you agreed upon with him ( typically on per hour basis ) . 
  however , for the purposes of court costs reimbursement , you get back only a sum which is calculated from the value of the claim filed and number of procedural `` steps '' enumerated in a ministerial decree . 
  this is beautiful . 
  my kind of humour . 
  our parliament is so boring in comparison . 
  i imagine the costs would be tremendous to enforce such relatively small sums . 
  not worth it imo as you have to basically pay for two proceedings regarding one claim . 
  the only instance in which i would it find justifiable to not pay the bills is if you can not afford to pay for your parent 's treatment . 
  the debts are probably going to be written off , but it 's a moral duty to pay them . 
  either way cancel your contracts . 
  if we ever leave ( we wo n't ) , i 'm fucking done with this country . 
  til , thanks !, 
  it seems like this article was written in kremlin . 
  the majority of people here have no idea how the eu works , like 5 % know the difference between the echr and the cjeu . 
  so , i 'm not surprised . 
  spring is coming . 
  do n't worry , i 'll just cover what you need . 
  besides , i am a law student preparing for his state exams ( finishing master 's degree ) , so revising this area of law will be useful for me . 
  i can make you a summary of czech inheritance law with relevant provisions of the civil code in english . 
  however , i 'm now out drinking so if you are willing to wait until tomorrow i can send you a pm . 
  the republic part makes sense once you open wikipedia and read few lines on our recent history ( last 70 years or so ) . 
  it 's a relict from the federation times . 
  thank god there is a deal . 
  what it contains is another thing , but 28 countries reaching consensus is a good sign . 
   deport snek   elect trump lol, 
  ha you beat me to it . 
   most of the world is not in the european union -- and most of the world is doing better than the european union . 
  it 's hard to take this article seriously . 
  all i hear is `` i 'm a strong independent woman who do n't need no man '' . 
  wtf man ? 
  how about call the police , tell them you have heard a girl scream for help somewhere ? 
  that 's the minimum you can do , and then it 's up to the police what they make of your report , that 's their job . 
  i have called police few times when i suspected something , and i hope someone will call them when i need help . 
  even if your suspicion is n't confirmed , better safe than sorry . 
  well when you transfer some of your countries competences to another entity , that 's kind of what you have signed for . 
  i do n't say there are not problems with the current state of the eu , but i think the most developed part of the world can find a way to deal with them . 
  someday , like every crisis . 
  i am so thankful for the eu . 
  it 's just trendy now to hate on it . 
  it will shift back when the migrant crisis is over . 
  seriously you are right . 
  i ca n't grasp the fact that there used to be so much hostility between all of our neighbours at some point in history . 
  nowadays we are all bros here in cee . 
  this thread has just reminded me ... what ever happened to the bilingual comments ? 
  i miss those . 
  greece ? 
  defenestration : exported from the kingdom of bohemia since 1419 . 
  still a long way to go , but it 's definitely manageable if we work hard enough . 
   caused mainly by extraordinary events in the energy sector and chemical industry namely dukovany powerplant temporary shutdown and unipetrol refinery explosion . 
  what i got from this video : corporations = bad trade secrets = bad ttip = bad the video does a poor job of describing why specifically is the new directive on trade secrets supposed to be harmful . 
  vague , uninformative ... move along , nothing to see here . 
  they have been shelling ypg/sdf since saturday . 
  culturally : yes, 
  everything 's fine then .
