  the prime reason for this is that czech workers do n't form trade unions . 
  they are seen as a socialist institute and have pretty low reputation . 
  another reason is that the czech national bank devalued czech crown against euro to boost export ( i think the devaluation was about 10 % ) . 
  then we have our glorious government supporting huge investors offering low skilled jobs instead of small and medium enterprises . 
  therefore lots of jobs , bad wages . 
  with all that being said the cost of living is not bad and you can have a good quality of life with average income . 
  median income may be sufficient too if you live outside of prague . 
  could total annihilation in theory count as de-escalation ? 
  i 'll think about it . 
  konigsberg is rightfully czech . 
  also we are landlocked unlike germany , poland and lithuania so our claim is the strongest !, 
  pls gib sea . 
  because then the situation will never improve and you will always live in the jungle . 
  holy shit , those are some idiotic and aggressive drivers . 
  my sympathies go to all well mannered russians who have to deal with this bullshit on daily basis . 
  norwin . 
  i hate these abbreviations so much !, 
  please stop . 
   they do n't have the money anymore . 
  hard to take this statement seriously from an eastern european point of view . 
  still can be carved into broomstick though . 
  the russian flair is so 1st april . 
  this is what europe has become . 
  i like the way you think . 
  i say one million dollars would be worth the fun !, 
  * triggered *, 
  the average czech 's mental scope seems to be confined within our borders . 
  :( you ca n't even learn about foreign affairs from the news here if you do n't make the effort to browse foreign news outlets . 
  that 's just how budgets work . 
  there has to be a centralised body which decides about the usage of all the collected money according to the eu budget policy . 
  the funds are then used with the emphasis on ** common eu interests , not national ones ** . 
  it 's basically the same as on the national level . 
  various public bodies have revenues from taxes , fees , whatever . 
  in the majority of cases these are not kept by the public bodies for the next year . 
  at least in the cz the government needs to take all these revenues and redistribute it according to its own policies , and consequently get it approved by the parliament . 
  the public bodies only collect the money and have no warranty that it wo n't be used to finance anything else . 
  terrible title , but good point . 
  europe has been living in a bubble since the 90s . 
  we need strong common military to counter threats from countries like russia . 
  behind paywall ... 
  well , as with any other budget you still need to collect the money before actually redistributing it ( if that was your question ) . 
  edit : just a quick google search on the eu budget funding : http://europa.eu/about-eu/basic-information/money/revenue-income/index_en.htm, 
  yet people constantly bitch about the eu here . 
   the ehci 2006 had france as the champion with 768 points out of 1000 . 
  in the ehci 2015 , the czech republic at that level of achievement is 13th among 35 countries . 
  top performance ten years ago has today become european average !, 
  this has happened in spite of financial tensions , integration challenges and political turmoil in many countries . 
  for once , reality stands out somewhat better than fiction . 
   treatment results have been improving in essentially all european countries over the nine years , as can been seen from the vital indicator infant mortality , where the grading of countries has been the same from the beginning -- from five countries scoring green to 23 , and with only three countries still scoring red in 2015 . 
  \u0147 is close to the gn sound in italian gnocchi . 
  to be fair the prosecution is usually a part of the executive branch ( do n't know if it 's the case for germany though ) . 
  i know it is illegal and simply wanted to say that i do n't agree with criminalisation of such behavior , as i believe that it should fall within the scope of civil law . 
  i do n't see why stuff like this should be a matter of criminal law . 
  just sue for slander or swallow your pride , erdogan . 
  i hope that german courts will decide this case reasonably . 
  / r/polandball, 
  uk will always be my favorite nation . 
  cool history , awesome accents , total sense of humor , english fashion , english legal system . 
  i was born in a wrong country . 
  ah , the wonders of panslavism . 
  our neighbors : germoney - bmw austria - atomic , head , v\u00f6lkl ( no idea if any of them are austrian haha ) polan - pkn slovakia - * crickets *, 
  the story has since evolved . 
  the refugees are staying in germany , where they applied for asylum . 
  username checks out . 
  thanks . 
  time to brush up on my french . 
  follow-up to this post from yesterday : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4d637x/christian_iraqi_refugees_who_were_brought_by/ tl ; dr - a group of 25 iraqi refugees that left on their own for germany few days ago are not going to be returned to the czech republic , contrary to former statements by german officials . 
  the whole group applied for asylum on the grounds of family ties with people in germany ( not specified if germans or other refugees ) . 
  the refugees would face detention in a refugee camp and deportation to their country of origin should they be returned to the czech republic . 
  the rest of the article is basically restating the facts from the post linked above . 
   using a dead person as a strawman in panama . 
  they do n't teach you this stuff in law school lol, 
  well ... not anymore . 
  very selfish decision . 
  i believe there are many honest refugees in middle eastern refugee camps who would appreciate asylum here . 
  too bad it will be even harder for them to get here now . 
  glory to the motherland !, 
  i personally choose to celebrate with [ this masterpiece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvj0zts4wf4 ), 
  you had me for few minutes , then i realised it 's that time of the year again . 
  well done . 
   all praise the glorious leader !, 
  pls germany politely and nicely annex us already !, 
  you have obviously never travelled with a czech group haha . 
  police brutality !, 
  rule britannia . 
  well , that was anticlimatic . 
  b. . but i was told it ca n't melt steel beams . 
  he surely is on mine now . 
  it would be nice if the badge was traceable by gps . 
  in that case , apply one hellfire missile to the coordinates . 
  the voting in this sub has been quite weird for the past months . 
  to answer the question , if the holiday is on weekend here , we just have to deal with it . 
  no long weekends for us in that case . 
  they do n't . 
  we have to listen to them . 
  we always whip the asses . 
  never seen anyone do it differently . 
  of course it is `` sexist '' . 
  these traditions were created thousands of years before the idea of gender equality . 
  and you know what ?
