  however the legislative procedure of the eu is so complicated that i do n't know if it is manageable . 
  edit : word, 
  fun times ahead . 
  what is the official reasoning for that ? 
  this one broke my heart . 
  :( you ok buddy ? 
  come on man . 
  i see you have it bad , but you have to stay strong . 
  try to scale down on the alcohol though , it will fuck up your brain more than anything else . 
  well that is sad to hear . 
  i hope at least [ this place ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzp1xc51kro ) is still open . 
  why are you unable to sleep ? 
  are you stressed out or is there some other reason ? 
  the news really suck lately . 
  it just seems that europe is getting polarised more and more . 
  and david bowie 's death . 
  yea like europe needs more of this shit . 
  we do n't have much more important matters to deal with right now . 
  pls let this continue . 
  i did n't have time to play computer games in the recent months due to school/work , but will have some time in february/march . 
  i also totally suck at this game , so there is that . 
  despite there being extensive cjeu case-law regulating these matters , what you want is to look specifically at italian legislation . 
  you say that you are a native italian , therefore your safest bet would be to write an email or call directly to the [ italian ministry of interior ] ( http://www.interno.gov.it/it ) and describe them your situation . 
  as much as i like reddit , i would never take legal advice from here . 
  i feel you , it 's like opening this sub and reading another bullshit statement by zeman . 
  the struggle is real . 
  i feel so happy that these children can feel like children for a while . 
  economic migrants or refugees , i ca n't imagine their struggle . 
  gib back our european water uk !, 
  you do n't clearly see the consequences of a potential sunni-shia large scale war . 
  hope you both get well soon . 
  - 18 would kill me , but it must be standard for moscow i guess . 
  oh thanks !, 
  really nice to hear from a fellow law student . 
   i do n't know how it works in the uk , but i suspect london is madness in terms of working hours . 
  i work part time in a `` top '' law firm here in cz and you really do n't have time to get bored at work . 
  the deadlines are sometimes insane and you have to perform . 
  but hey maybe i 'm just a whiny little bitch . 
   we 'll see how it all turns out , finishing school is the priority for me right now . 
  i too wish you luck ( double if you are having exam season like i am now - which you can see from the frequency of my reddit posts lol ) !, 
  consider yourself lucky then !, 
  at least it 's snowing outside . 
  well i admire your dedication . 
  i do n't think i 'm in a wrong field , i just do n't see much sense in working till midnight and beyond ( done that and felt like a zombie ) . 
  which disqualifies me from the top law firms here , but certainly not all of them . 
  of course they are , but there is not the same amount of fun in will making and small claims as in private international law cases . 
  it 's the choice between interesting work/no life and less interesting work/time for hobbies and other people that 's killing me . 
  my career prospects are really good , but i feel i would burn out soon with the current situation in legal job market here in cr . 
  i fucking do n't know what i 'm gon na do when i finish uni this year . 
  the really good jobs in my field ( law ) require you to work 12 + hours a day and sometimes weekends . 
  i do n't want to be a corporate slave . 
  no more investment in eastern poland . 
  the form is also terrible . 
  til jean monnet read foundation series by isaac asimov . 
  haha thanks . 
  happy new year to you also !, 
  law , 
  not for you . 
  edit 1 : millions of migrants flee to europe . 
  edit 2 : independent kurdistan established in middle-east . 
  edit 3 : czech republic 2016 hockey world champion . 
  edit 4 : eastern ukraine gets autonomy = end of war . 
  edit 5 : better skiing conditions than this winter . 
  edit 6 : i will get my masters degree . 
  oh god , the mountains are absolutely wonderful . 
  now i want to go visit georgia . 
  big fuck you to my fellow citizens who elected this piece od thrash into his office . 
  simple rhetoric for simple people . 
  omg my touchpad drawn cr fits so nicely !, 
  yup that 's where they have always been . 
  could have saved some space by leaving out ukraininan crimea . 
  what 's the brown stuff ? 
  glorious czech mountains !, 
  our smoking ban bill is currently in the parliament . 
  as a non-smoker if i could go to a pub without having to suffocate from the omnipresent smoke , that would be great . 
  can confirm . 
  source : we ded, 
  really enjoying the poor helpless security guard being pulled back by the crowd . 
  this joke must be universal to all european countries . 
  why ? 
  if you call laziness a value ... 
  however i know some roma people who are far more industrious than a large majority of czech population . 
  unfortunately they are an exception . 
  it just struck me that the first time i experienced a teacher/professor encouraging or even allowing students to disagree with their opinion was at university . 
  that building is some [ r/mildlyinfuriating ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinfuriating ) material . 
  username checks out . 
  how about getting into a polish uni , taking a few years to discover if you like the said degree and eventualy enroll in some double degree program ? 
  at least here in cr you can get some good scholarship like that . 
  you would have to do some research considering agreements between the polish university and other european universities though . 
  i think in this case `` bad sense of humour '' is an understatement . 
  [ false alarm fortunately ] ( http://www.thelocal.dk/20151118/police-evacuate-copenhagen-airport ), 
  well now you are just being plain ignorant , calling kazakhstan eastern europe . 
  you should feel ashamed . 
  other than that : `` eastern europe hates people who are in any way different from themselves '' . 
  seriously ? 
  you live in a simple world my friend . 
  zeman is our national shame . 
  not that i completely disagree with everything in his speech , but how the fuck is it possible that he abuses such an important date in czech history for presentation of his xenofobic opinions and calling his oponents fascists . 
  damn it stay safe germanybros , i hope it 's a false alarm . 
  together we stand , divided we fall .
