** triggered **, 
  but why specifically every 50 years ? 
  did someone make some kind of analysis determining that such period is ideal or is it just a meme ? 
  haha germany . 
  pizza, 
  this is cool but i might be too stupid to understand what i am looking at . 
  nevermind lol . 
  every reasonable person knew that long before opening this thread . 
  it 's called projection man . 
   ( nevertheless , some of the stereotypes about roma are still true ), 
  speaking of czechia there is a huge difference , since the expulsion was agreed upon by the powers at the potsdam conference . 
  yet i agree that the so called ` wild deportation ' which took place before the regulated one was pretty inhumane . 
  yep , it 's also in the wiki :  the forty days of musa dagh received much critical praise from austrian and swiss reviewers when the book , over 900 pages long , was published in two volumes in november 1933 . 
  for several months , the novel could be read in nazi germany despite book burnings that included werfel 's previous titles and the increasing number of proscribed jewish authors and their books . 
  in february 1934 , with strong pressure by the turkish government in ankara , the forty days of musa dagh was banned in the third reich . 
  [ 7 ] das schwarze korps , the official newspaper of the ss , painted werfel as an agent who created the `` alleged turkish horrors perpetrated against the armenians '' and also denounced `` america 's armenian jews for promoting in the u.s.a. the sale of werfel 's book . '', 
  the book was also pretty prophetic and widely read among jewish population as they were really able to relate to the armenians . 
  it 's a wonder the book got even published considering nurnberg laws were just around the corner . 
  have n't been to paris in a long time . 
  now i want to visit again . 
  this post will be useful , thank you . 
  if anyone is interested in the armenian genocide , there is a great book by franz werfel called * the forty days of musa dagh . 
  * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_forty_days_of_musa_dagh how the book was received in nazi germany is also an interesting story . 
  i wish i was a dunedain man . 
  to be honest i think the concept is outdated . 
  i identify much more with people around the world with similar values and beliefs , regardless of their nationality , than with other czechs . 
  i love our history and some aspects of our culture , and i would defend our country if needed , but that 's about it . 
  nationalism is only good for manipulation of masses , because it 's very easy to make everything look like an attack on your nation . 
  he should leave his office like grima did in edoras lol . 
  zeman is denethor confirmed . 
  that would mean that nk courts would hear the dispute arising from the contract , but the governing law of the contract would still probably be german ( depends on agreement between parties or statute ) . 
  also such clause would probably be struck down haha . 
   it asks some interesting legal questions : do contracts that are valid in one country carry any weight in another one that does n't allow them ? 
  there is a whole area of law dealing specifically with this question . 
  it 's called private international law and it 's the most complex and mind blowing set of rules . 
  for eu and family law it is also regulated in the rome iii regulation iirc . 
  do we even have a country subreddit ? 
  edit : just checked . 
  / r/czech is almost exclusively in english . 
  edit2 : wow there is even one in czech . 
  / r/cesky as for content there do not seem to be any strict rules . 
  i love threads like these . 
  so much discussion and so many opinions . 
  throw in some historical references and i 'm entertained for hours . 
  pls guys do n't leave me here . 
  to be fair a huge amount of profit goes back abroad as czechia is basically foreign owned . 
  i see your point though , especially with the ( lack of ) solidarity argument in your previous post , which i unfortunately find true . 
  agreed . 
  yeah it does n't even make sense . 
  i can understand the uk 's reasoning for leaving , but why czechs are so negative is beyond me . 
  great analysis showing the joys of being situated in the region where eastern and western influence meets . 
  however , i do n't see any alternative to the status quo . 
  national state ? 
  that is so 19th century . 
  our future is with germany , what we need is to work on becoming more service based economy and moving up the manufacturing chain . 
  economic crisis , political crisis , security crisis , immigration crisis , putin , erdogan ... 
  certainly not the best times for europe . 
  i ca n't think of anything to get back at you . 
  : / are there any jokes about swiss not including jewish gold ? 
  you even started to beat us in hockey , so ... 
   czech schooling and  the lisbon treaty was a hot topic and the teacher in the civics encouraged us to talk about it does not compute . 
  seriously though , i can confirm that what we were taught was pretty similar ( minus the discussion ) . 
  but as with everything it was more a challenge to remember all the dates and treaties than anything useful . 
  yes , that was the second time we got fucked during that war . 
  we got royally fucked during the 30 years war . 
  bohemia lost the war in 1620 after the [ battle of white mountain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_white_mountain ) . 
  also 1628 never forget . 
  it was the year bohemia lost its elites and never really got them back . 
  http://www.britannica.com/topic/czechoslovak-history#ref468581  in 1627 ferdinand ii promulgated the renewed land ordinance , a collection of basic laws for bohemia that remained valid , with some modifications , until 1848 ; he issued a similar document for moravia in 1628 . 
  the habsburg ferdinand settled , in favour of his dynasty , issues that had disturbed bohemian public life since 1526 : the bohemian crown ( and consequently the much desired seat of one of the electors of the holy roman emperor ) was declared hereditary in the habsburg family ; no election or even formal acceptance by the estates was required for the succession ; the king had the right to appoint supreme administrators ; in the provincial diets the higher clergy was constituted as the first estate , and all the royal boroughs were represented by one delegate only ; the bohemian diet lost legislative initiative and could meet only upon the king 's authorization to approve his requests for taxes and other financial subsidies ; the king could admit foreigners to permanent residence ; and the use of the german language , in addition to the traditional czech , was authorized . 
  roman catholicism was the sole christian faith permitted . 
  ( the only non-catholics allowed to remain in bohemia after 1627 were jews , who nonetheless faced harsh discrimination . 
  although jews were not numerous in the bohemian lands , prague was home to one of the largest jewish communities in europe . ), 
   royal decrees pertaining to religion granted protestant lords , knights , and burghers the right to choose either conversion or emigration . 
  only about one-quarter of the noble families living in bohemia and moravia prior to 1620 remained ; the majority emigrated to the lusatias ( both annexed by saxony in 1635 ) and silesia , which was the only bohemian province allowed to retain the lutheran confession after the thirty years ' war . 
  many peasants also left the country , though illegally , especially during the rebellion itself . 
  the czechs ' most significant representative abroad was the scholar john amos comenius ( jan \u00c1mos komensk\u00fd ) . 
  the emigrations devastated bohemia and moravia , which may have lost as much as one-half of their population . 
  still , the post was at -4 by the time i replied , only for voicing an unpopular opinion . 
  that 's not how voting is supposed to work . 
  i do n't get why you got downvoted . 
  yeah you are right . 
  there is always the factor of people not acting rationally . 
  haha you know what kind of stuff happens when czechs go renewable . 
  society is unfortunately still in trauma after what happened with solar subsidies and i 'm afraid it 's going to hinder further transition to renewables . 
  where is your flair you fucker ? 
  show us your colors . 
  just few years after the huge amnesty ... 
  i see i worded the previous post poorly . 
  eu does n't regulate prices , but free market does . 
  what i meant was that if you set a price of goods at 1000 eur in germany and 2000 eur in cz then your czech business will go bankrupt since it is easy to buy cheaper in germany . 
  if you set it at 1050 in cz however , customers will balance the 5 % higher price with the inconveniences of buying abroad . 
  the percentage will obviously differ based on the nature of the goods . 
  this is what i meant by the price setting limit . 
  by selling as close to the consumer as possible i meant eventual dispute resolution ( consumers enjoy lots of protection in the eu and you do n't want to have a cross border dispute ) . 
  if you are selling in two countries with free movement of goods ( no fiscal or other barriers ) you will have to set the prices in such manner that it is n't more favourable for a country a consumer to buy the goods in country b. 
  you want to sell as close to the consumer as possible . 
  so you are pretty limited in price setting . 
  the wages pretty much stagnated during the crisis and only recently have started to rise again . 
  still they are pretty shitty imo .
