  did anything ever come from it ? 
  no one is actually falling for this , right ? 
  if germany bends it 's knees and pays a single cent they 'd lose my respect at least . 
  they got enough money already , let them whine in vain . 
  i really liked this post . 
  i have english classes about phonetics and this is very interesting to me . 
  oh greece , never change . 
  good . 
  yes they can marry and have/adopt children . 
  no , you often do n't see them because why would they stand out over other regular people ? 
  unless they 're in the gay parade . 
  pretty sure if he also invades finland there 'd be major political backlash from that . 
  people are reluctant to help the ukraine but if it becomes clear he 's not stopping there wo n't nations unite against russia ? 
  what happened to our cheese/bikes/colonies / pride/freedom/strikes / happiness ? 
  pick a word , any word !, 
  well that 's their choice and we should respect that , as it should now be respected that they can now stay there forever and do n't ever come back . 
  holy shit most of these are hilarious . 
  i 'll have a week off next week , sadly a week too early . 
  it pains me greatly . 
  ah yes , merkel . 
  her cowardice will be remembered by me for quite some time . 
  we 'll see the effects of that last a tad bit longer then she 'd be hoping for i 'm afraid . 
  so either turkey has gone mentally insane with their daily absurd demands , or the media is trying to force turkey 's dictatorship-like practices down our throat for some reason this week . 
  do we need to be distracted from something else which is more important ? 
  usa elections ? 
  migrant problems ? 
  aliens ? 
  i 'm way too busy hyping for stellaris anyway , i have n't got the time to frown upon erdogan . 
  * some swiss muslim groups said there was no religious justification for refusing to shake a female teacher 's hand and urged the swiss not to give in to extremist demands . 
  but one islamic organisation said a handshake between men and women was prohibited . 
  * i wonder to who they 'll listen . 
  the several groups saying this is baloney , or the single group that says this kind of behaviour is accepted . 
  hmmmmm ... 
  ... stop them before they get on the dinky at all ? 
  in the netherlands you can gift someone $ 15000 yearly without paying taxes . 
  edit : apparently i was taught wrong . 
  til, 
  probably because it 's actually quite good , regardless of the many complaints we have over it . 
  good service costs money , though i do dislike the transfer check in 's with the ov-chipcards between different branches . 
  there 's always large waiting lines where i need to go of around 200 people needing to check out , and then check in again at a different firm . 
  very time consuming . 
  i have a drivers license but do n't own a car . 
  i love my bike . 
  yikes , that smarts . 
  i always use public transportation . 
  but then again it does not have such a reputation in my country . 
  best to get him to do it himself first . 
  is anyone surprised ? 
  turn that around mate . 
  assume every that did n't vote either does not give a shit any more , or is against . 
  our motivation ? 
  we lack that , nationally . 
  we tried to voice our opinions in the past and we 're always ignored . 
  we 're too complacent and lazy to actually go out and do something or just do n't know how to even begin changing for the better . 
  people think `` what 's the point ? 
  they 'll just ignore the results . '', 
  at first , as he flew over parts of germany and scandinavia , maclean says he was n't that impressed . 
  `` it has an old-world look to it , just history , '' what an unpleasant thing to say really . 
  all fine and dandy but we 'd like our bicycle helmets back now please . 
  preferably with the bikes . 
  edit : i forgot i 'm on reddit . 
  obligatory notion of this is a joke . 
  always takes a tragedy to get people moving forward . 
  guess they finally take threats seriously now . 
  daesh reads ? 
  really ? 
  thought they burned every book instead . 
  true . 
  that would surely do something to one 's mind . 
  just wish the human race could learn to stop being massive twats but that 'll never happen . 
  forever `` an eye for an eye '' . 
  considering what he desecrated it 's even less of an issue in my eyes . 
  but i suppose morals would dictate we should be above such retaliations with a mindset of `` they did it first ! '', 
  16 months is still too much of a sentence , even if he killed that thing portraying as a human . 
  so keeping them around those citizens is a good idea ? 
  locking them up wo n't work . 
  re-integration wo n't work . 
  letting them be will not work . 
  having them see the reality of daesh and letting them die for that travesty of a cult is basically all they want and should get . 
  no clue , i did not study flemish, 
  pretty sure it 's just a flemish thing . 
  also pretty sure these results are bollocks . 
  merkel has no power here . 
  she should face reality that most disagree with her tactics because of her own doings . 
  then again , one could reason she 's putting up a show while simultaneously being glad she 's getting a solution . 
  i approve of this message for reasons . 
  meanwhile i 'm having trouble even looking at simple cat pictures on my phone in the netherlands . 
  awesome . 
  reminds me of the glorious `` wot '' principle of the pineapple . 
  to the defence of op , irak is the dutch spelling . 
  tolerance for all happened . 
  ca n't and wo n't blame them . 
  russia surprised me . 
  there was an / s for a reason , it was a joke . 
  at least intelligentnickname got it . 
  it 's sweden , what did you expect ? 
  rule one : do n't be an idiot or darwin will get ya . 
  `` boy , i sure hope saying this convinced everyone i 'm not a nazi ! '', 
  probably something similarly stupid like that . 
  considering how many people know these individuals make no actual improvement upon society , in fact quite the opposite , it 's surprising that they are actually winning .
