  and surrendered instantly . 
  makes sense as it only works if you put the thermostat on a high enough temperature that the heater turns on . 
  oh , sorry , i did n't mean to imply that the us has actual food worthy to speak of . 
  when i went to mexican restaurants in the usa the best was the nachos with the heated cheese sauce and salsa . 
  d\u00f6ner is like shoarma is like gyros . 
  all bits of meat cut up in indiscernible pieces which anyone would gladly stuff their faces with . 
  in my country the netherlands there are mexican restaurants . 
  it 's assimilated alongside other cultures and they do allright . 
  it 's not extremely popular because every culture has great foods . 
  nothing is vastly superior to another . 
  better food for sure so a win situation . 
  to bomb mexico or rescue their tequilla and tortillas ? 
  george carlin 's nimby . 
  me too . 
  modern windmills for the modern dutch . 
  i blame the idiots that complain about `` sight pollution '' when talking about turbines and do n't want them anywhere , not even in the bloody sea . 
  well-written post but you had me at `` united kingdom of crybabies '', 
  no , we do not need even more souls on this earth . 
  i 'm pretty sure we were already messing up badly once we passed the 7 billion total worldwide . 
  absolutely atrocious . 
  but is the ( very detailed ) naming really necessary when they have not even been convicted yet ? 
  edit : you 're all jumping the gun ; they have not been convicted of anything , just accused . 
  if they did the deed and it is proven , sure , give out the names . 
  not before . 
  first of all , ntl ? 
  the fuck kinda acronym is that ? 
  secondly , no it is n't . 
  no one cares about the british here or elsewhere never mind about how attractive or ugly they are . 
  i prefer my own city name , gorinchem . 
  the rrrrrolling r makes it even better . 
  no clue mate . 
  i care not about apple in the slightest . 
  basically yeah . 
  basically usa wants those taxes because it 's an american originated company . 
  well their company decided to try to use `` shady '' tax laws to avoid taxes and now ireland wants a piece because that 's where the branch company is . 
  makes sense to me really . 
  or at least that 's how i gathered it from redditors so who knows how truthful this is . 
  love the apple tree one, 
  i can guarantee you mate , i got nothing to show for it . 
  turn back people . 
  nothing but strawman comments here . 
  this be a silly place . 
  how much for a day pass ? 
  i did not say it was . 
  true , but i 'd rather have no indication of religion on a peacekeeper at all which includes crosses and other symbols . 
  damn it i never even knew about this . 
  i want a day off too !, 
  good . 
  europe is being forced to change , to adapt . 
  i 'm going on vacation to japan so i 'd like a rather eventful week actually . 
  would be terrible if it 'd end up uneventful . 
  add american to that , thereby sending most back . 
  that i should really give up on ever understanding politics . 
  also media is a biased medium even on reddit . 
  maybe especially so even ? 
  i no longer get news elsewhere but maybe i should just unsubscribe from r/worldnews and r/europe as it adds no real value . 
  give it a day , maybe 2 , and it 'll be jail . 
  destroying the mamluks , annex tripoli and the timurids etc etc. 
  hopefully a stroke . 
  thank you thilo bode . 
  next step is to bring back public executions by means of the guillotine . 
  next step is to bring back public executions by means of the guillotine . 
  well they wanted to get rid of the eu laws in britain , so they complied i guess ? 
  do n't forget we 'll light up some buildings with pretty colours too !, 
  seems accurate . 
  ssssst !, 
  we 'll get another `` muh 6 million ! '', 
  lecture !, 
  this popcorn tastes mighty fine across the channel . 
  but seriously this violent and destructive behaviour is not what i expected to happen . 
  so that 's why cameron resigned , to give them several months to sort out this mess . 
  a lover 's spat really . 
  i understand you probably did not mean it like that , but implying britain stood alone rubs out other nation 's armies that fought , failed , and died for their country . 
  it 's not as if they did not even try . 
  there are many things threatening the stability of the west , including the west itself . 
  implying britain alone to take responsibility is ludicrous . 
  get out uk . 
  do it , it 'll be fun , new , exciting !, 
  maybe you can be the first of many and then total collapse on the un !, 
  at least then something will be different . 
  now now , do n't diminish the extend of hearty chuckles `` freedom fries '' gave the rest of the world . 
  erdogan is mostly raising eyebrows and having people double check to see if he 's pulling an elaborate ruse . 
  i am not convinced . 
  pledge allegiance to the first 50 us flags you find and i might believe you 're not a commie . 
  i 'm surprised at how high ours is . 
  the sign says `` uitgezonderd '' meaning exception . 
  it be true dutch , aye . 
  stop that !, 
  the new low your country will sink to would push even our dikes to their limits !, 
  it will take them that long to go into space ? 
  but really though ? 
  fear for a massive increase in refugees by upsetting erdogan , is probably the cause that no one seems to care . 
  did you yesterday still to the city went ? 
  dutch example . 
  the best part was them trying to burn a flame retardant french flag . 
  only sensible decision really . 
  bankrupt nazi 's had me laughing . 
  it evens out the fact we 're all taller than the rest of the world . 
  probably some recent export as well . . ? 
  the cheap prices there made me want to consider visiting for the first time a while back , but i sha n't be going anymore .
