the law is the law , no matter what your personal feelings might be . 
  if we start taking the law into our own hands , chaos would break out near instantly . 
  most laws exist for good reasons . 
  i sincerely doubt however he 'd get anything near 10 years in jail . 
  feel sorry damnit and let 15 strangers live in your home this instant . 
  because feefee 's and the fear of being called racist are more important than justice . 
  stop being a racist shitlord and move out to the former gdr and donate your house to the immigrants , nazi scumbag . 
  / s i 'm thankful that for now it does n't seem like my country has had any problems yet relating to the economic migrant horde . 
  destroying peaceful free europe as we know it is the right thing to do ? 
  i 've always found it weird that governments start to get worried when populations drop like in japan . 
  dude there 's millions of us , calm down . 
  we wo n't die out if there 's less of us , quite the opposite we 'd probably last longer . 
  heh , good ol' ned stark . 
  might just be me but i do n't respond well to threats . 
  i might even deliberately do what you do n't want me to do . 
  i assume germanies government will accept being the retard it is lately ? 
  `` yes let 's fall for this obvious trap just to prove we 're not racist ! '', 
  no , go away . 
  you 'll have none of our cheese you invading bastards . 
  so far it 's worked out wel enough . 
  i like how apparently asylum seekers can decree that they desire safety elsewhere , that it 's not good enough . 
  you 'd think they 'd be happy by just not being murdered today . 
  i was unaware we still had an army . 
  i 'd prefer assad in control instead of him failing and seeing the same thing happening again in a middle eastern country . 
  bugger of america we need more stability not less go back to bombing is . 
  it was a joke though . 
  all of these refugees are a massive problem and they ca n't all stay here . 
  what , we plan to abandon africa and the middle east and all chill in europe instead ? 
  that wo n't fit mates it does n't work like that . 
  and i 'll be honest i do n't want them anywhere near me because i do n't trust them . 
  they have better and newer phones than me so i find it difficult to take those `` refugees '' seriously . 
  is this germany 's new bid to amass a large army quickly for the fourth reich ? 
  directions for democracy unclear : government passes laws no one wants regardless . 
  at least we 're still free , right ? 
  jesus germany we get it , you 're sorry for the holocaust . 
  now stop being stupid . 
  hahahahaahaha lol nope, 
  i do n't think i 've ever bought russian products so i suppose i 've been boycotting them for many years now ? 
  did it affect you personally ? 
  it 's been a long time ago . 
  and you forgot the `` mac-kroket !, 
  world famous in holland ! '', 
  eu : `` wait , what ? 
  fuck no russia will murder us all . '', 
  people have grown too spoiled and fat to remember hunger . 
  i never throw anything out unless it 's spoiled and inedible . 
  yeah cavemen were pretty sure it would be impossible to take a stroll on the moon . 
  first thing i thought of when reading the thread title . 
  makes me thing of that pretty well done song , [ let my people go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp5vsqvou5s ), 
  talked about him this very week even at my work . 
  when i said `` ik ben vandaag zo vrolijk '' was herman van veen 's most famous song he ever wrote because of this very cartoon . 
  ( famous as in known by the most amount of people ), 
  `` ordinary people '' need a swift kick to their rear to remind them having a surplus of food is something to be extremely grateful for and not to be taken for granted . 
  well yeah , not feeding the poor will lower the poverty rate as they will you know , stop living . 
  good solution from good ol' putin there !, 
  i was raised in a family where you do not waste food because my family lived through the famine `` honger winter '' of ww2 and wasting perfectly good products irritates me greatly . 
  yes we require more aids infested soldiers , start the breeding . 
  why are idiots usually the ones in control ? 
  noooooooooooo , say it is n't so !, 
  not my beloved russia !, 
  can confirm : am an asshole . 
  bro , paint aint cheap . 
  bob killed my son enrico . 
  i refuse to lower myself to his standard and murder him or his son . 
  bob now comes back seeing i 'm a pathetic wretch unable to protect my own and murders my last son , rapes my wife and kidnaps my daughter . 
  but hey i refuse to lower myself to his level because something something blind world so i let him get away with these things . 
  and so bob learned a valuable life lesson that if he wants something in life he can just take it from the weak willed . 
  and bob lived happily ever after . 
  i 've long since realised i 'm a spiteful , jaded , negative , tired of life wanker . 
  my apologies upon you . 
  i always hate that argument in any scenario . 
  `` we should n't steep down to their level '' . 
  we ca n't pick up arms to defend our family/we ca n't be bigoted against their beliefs/we ca n't stop sending supplies to aid the local civilians even though most goes to our enemies , that would be steeping down to their level . 
  ugh , to quote the frigging joker `` it 's not about the money , it 's about sending a message '' . 
  `` slaves '' and `` to fly a mig '' ... . i 'll be honest now i 'm curious . 
  you mean russia 's soon-to-be newly peacefully integrated province is 100 square kilometres bigger than previously thought . 
  `` warning '' reminds me of team america 's hans . 
  soon all will be glorious mother russia . 
  i 'm confused . 
  how can a single country veto something anyway ? 
  it 's like : `` everyone agreed ? 
  all right then up next is '' `` no 1 +1 = 3 neiner neiner fuck you ! '', 
  i 'm sure seeing it as simple and vindictive as this is bollocks of me but that 's how i see it . 
  big bad russian government just saying the exact opposite of everyone else because of reasons . 
  i take the receipt at intervals now because of money back groceries ... 
  i 'm a poor unemployed student . 
  a dutchman not knowing how a receipt looks like is unthinkable . 
  those idiots !, 
  at night time all of the greek 's debt will fall out and take the place over !, 
  brilliant . 
  that last sentence is the message most people need to send out right now in a lot of governments . 
  but as long as everyone has food , water and / entertainment/tv/internet good luck with that . 
  if there is one french thing that comes to mind it 's viva la r\u00c9volution !, 
  pretty famous for chopping off heads , no ? 
  be a dear and be a good example to the rest of the world and get to chopping . 
  netherlands joining in to annex belgium , luxembourg , nieuw amsterdam and a shitton of other colonial possessions because of shirty reasons . 
  no i 'm leaving that typo in , screw you . 
  i do n't know who this is but i 've seen him now twice in the last 10 minutes on reddit . 
  i think i like him . 
  i remember that story .
