  i believe it , but saying `` the dutch '' as in everyone , is kind of bothersome . 
  as if we have a say in what happens in our country . 
  lost that a long time ago . 
  hahaha i should n't laugh but that 's so hilariously naive . 
  you 'll get those houses right after our own local homeless people do . 
  no no , these are the people who do n't do drugs . 
  it 's not `` just a phase '' mom !, 
  sooooooooo you 're saying there 's a chance ? 
  they would need an actual majority as a single party , get more than 50 % of voters behind them . 
  that will not happen . 
  ( unless recent french and german tragedies repeat in the netherlands , that might tip it in their favour ), 
  i understand that . 
  but you also do n't lose track of such a person and ignore him . 
  mistakes were made and hopefully wo n't be repeated too often . 
  the hell is `` a large minority '' ? 
  we need a revolution . 
  viva hollandia !, 
  i can not even consider myself part of any of my countries political groups , even though we have so many . 
  if i absolutely must place myself in a corner , it would be the right one i suppose . 
  none of our parties are idiocy-free , corruption-free or personal agenda-free . 
  i do n't even mind the corruption , the inevitable bribes they 're getting . 
  shit , most people can be bribed for a high enough price , me included . 
  ( yes , even you reader , the one with the high standards . 
  you know who you are ) i just ca n't handle the stupidity . 
  except from the ones that admit to it , i like those . 
  makes them human and more honest than the rest . 
  it 's funnier if you think about what can get you in jail for `` rape '' nowadays in the usa . 
  `` there 's a skull on our money . 
  are ... are we the baddies ? '', 
  greece - broke i admit i had a good laugh at that . 
  pretty sure it 's now illigal to download music/movies in the netherlands . 
  who has the time when trump or syrian refugees take priority . 
  and do n't forget about the kardashians !!, 
  / s i 'd be more surprised if there was a global alarm going off . 
  i support less governments . 
  less countries means less strive , competition and war . 
  in the end it 's up to the belgium people themselves to decide . 
  they could integrate into a single country or divide in 2 or 3 or not at all . 
  i support this . 
  i support countries combining/integrating into 1 state in general . 
  we need more unity , not less with even more separation and dividing like some people want to . 
  i 'd support this , i 'd support all german speaking nations combining into one too . 
  the usa being integrated by the great empire of canada would also be a step in the right direction . 
  envy is a powerful emotion off course , 
  already knew of this years ago . 
  it 'll solve our population problem splendidly . 
  hahahahahahaha from now on everyone that `` fell '' can use this case to their advantage . 
  we really do n't need 7.3 billion people on earth you know . 
  seeing as we ca n't get rid of them as that 's extremely unethical the next best thing is to slowly decrease our numbers in a natural manner , like this . 
  i do n't see the need to keep multiplying endlessly and using up our planet 's resources . 
  i reckon the higher ups might be worried that pensions and caring for the elderly ( themselves ) will become more difficult . 
  * denmark has been getting a bad reputation in europe * ??? 
  all i saw a while back was a dutch satire commercial telling refugees to skip nederland and go to denmark instead . 
  i thought it was amusing . 
  activate new unsolved murder case in three ... two ... . one ... . 
  so what ? 
  they 're going to extradite someone from the internet because of hurt feelings ? 
  oh god , erdogan is a tumblerina ... 
  hahahaaaaaaaaa ... aaaahhhhh ... yeah . 
  that might 've been an overreaction then . 
  please , you had me convinced at `` belgium is a failed state '' just joking my southern broeders :p, 
  as i said research is vital . 
  i use it for my work and school a lot . 
  i 'll admit that it would be difficult to kick the habit of using the internet so much , however i recently kicked another addiction i did n't think possible . 
  internet is awesome and should remain open for everyone with equal opportunities for all , unrestricted by the elite to serve their agendas . 
  but if that does happen , i would n't give them the light of day and keep paying like the tool they expect me to be . 
  well i gave up tv over a decade ago . 
  i love the internet but just like any addiction it can be overcome . 
  i wo n't die without it . 
  it will make my school research a lot more difficult though . 
  welp , i guess i 'll have to cancel my internet then because i can not afford all those upgrades . 
  good call from that court . 
  parents must be complete fools . 
  ... it lowered their nationally mental retardation level from 16 % to only 2.25 % . 
  i laughed , however that is actually quite scary when you reflect on that . 
  someone going to court to start a witchcraft case should just automatically be referred , and forced to a clinic for the mentally insane . 
  condoms are n't a 100 % effective either . 
  fuck it toss m all out !, 
  to be fair , an engineering class sounds awfully dull to someone who knows nothing about such things . 
  `` should be be trying to solve this problem ? ... 
  `` naaaaahhhh just let them keep beating the shit out of each other and our plebeian civvies and ignore there 's a problem . '', 
  * triggered by calling it holland * , 
  '' `` there is too much asymmetry , not enough reciprocity , '' between the eu and the us , he said , adding that the us does not show interest in eu demands on public services and the arbitration system . '', 
  so get the fuck out already you idiots . 
  oooh , do a dutch one , 
  yes , because imprisonment will surely change their viewpoint of their ` oppressors '' . 
  once they are let out they 'll be a productive part of society . 
  or maybe this time he 'll just straight up murder his unbelievers . 
  off course you can send them back . 
  is it ethical ? 
  meh , not really . 
  but when you start attacking others in your land of refuge because they believe in a different faith in that country , maybe you should n't be there in the first place . 
  nope . 
  i 'm all for it myself . 
  friend with weed . 
  well i mean you 're not wrong . 
  cue most of humanity wondering why adolf is in austria and not germany . 
  you 'd be surprised how many of us only enjoy the orange craze , giving us a reason for unity and to party . 
  it 'd never come back . 
  too many bankers and politicians to guide to the guillotine then , the lines would never end .
