  i am thinking that sniffing around is a dog 's natural way of exploring the world around them and just walking beside me would be very boring for him . 
  he 's also very active and high-energy . 
  we 've been teaching ` leave it ' , but it seems like bones , bread and most thrown out food are just too strong a temptation for him . 
  also , i usually see it only once it is in his mouth or already being chewed - and then it 's too late for this already . 
  if i see it beforehand and say our command for ` leave it ' , he does n't go for it most of the time . 
  however , it 's difficult to see within snow or grass if the item is smaller side ( for example , chicken bones ) . 
  this sounds good and exactly what i would like to accomplish , but he would go for it when i drop kibble/anything and i do n't say leave it . 
  how can i get him not to go for it ? 
  can i just hold him back or is this detrimental ? 
  i suggest you read also the comments on / r/europe thread about the same speech ( but different link ) :, 
  of course every dog and situation is different . 
  we live in an apartment house with no own yard so such thing would be only possible in dog park , if we get there . 
  we got a bigger cardboard box , filled it up with crumpled up newspaper and hide a few treats in different places in it ( some wrapped inside the newspapers as well ) and give it to him sometimes when we need him to spend time by himself ( even when i am working at home and do n't want to be disturbed ) . 
  he loves it . 
  sometimes i put food in a ball inside as well and that takes him a long time !, 
  i have read that you should not stretch before lifting ( as your lifting wo n't be as effective ) , but should do it after . 
  however , you should warm up with dynamic motion and warmup sets . 
  so what you are doing before lifting is fine . 
  i would add a few stretches after lifting because these really help prevent all kinds of joint and mobility problems in the long run . 
  it 's just a blip on the long run . 
  you are doing what is important - being consistent in going to gym and learning what your body can do . 
  can it be so hardwired as that ? 
  i used to have a very `` cardboard-brain '' as a kid , i was even made fun of for not waking up even when my dad came from military service in the middle of night and did his best to wake me up to say hello/hug me after all that time , but i was impossible to wake up . 
  then when i got my own child , i woke up every time he turned his side in bed . 
  and now i sleep in the same room as my dog and i do n't hear most of his nightly chewing and water-licking etc , only waking up if he actually starts barking at some noise outside or something . 
  so i would guess that it changes throughout life and there 's no such thing as cardboard-brain vs paper-brain . 
  or am i really so special and this anecdote does n't apply ? 
  we had this before id-cards in estonia . 
  it seems strange to me to give commercial entities the right to prove a persons 's identity , as opposed to their government . 
  in addition to other comments , most computers are sold by default with card reader here . 
  now it 's [ bdoc ] ( http://www.id.ee/?id=34336 ), 
  ok , i will vote as you wish . 
  and then i go home and vote again , casting the vote i wish . 
  which will invalidate any earlier votes . 
  i remember hearing that they are using [ guardtime ] ( https://guardtime.com/ ) blockchain-based timestamping solution for integrity checking in voting as well as data integrity in government databases and for transactions between government agencies . 
  maybe try elliptical instead of treadmill ? 
  they should be better for your knees , but the movement is very similar . 
  i was 21 when i had my son . 
  he is 14 now , and i am 35 . 
  he is taller than i am and his mustache and beard are starting to grow ( and as he does n't really like shaving , it sometimes shows as well ) . 
  we moved to a new apartment last summer and so far 3 different neighbors have found it their business to ask whether he is my boyfriend or son . 
  one of my colleagues went shhiiit !, 
  when he found out i had a 14-yo son . 
  not knowing my age , he continued by saying that i do n't look so old , that i must have been really young when i had him . 
  no real good answer to this , whichever way you look . 
  well , i do n't think 21 is a very young age to get children , it 's not like i was a teenager or something , although in the beginning it was very difficult to imagine myself as a mother . 
  the circumstances under which i had him certainly were n't pretty , and i am still a single mother , but that had nothing to do with my age ( apart from some naivete ) . 
  he is a good kid , with his own quirks . 
  i enjoy spending time with him , but the generation difference is very much felt when we talk about anything . 
  option b would also involve needing to integrate a very backwards culture and people into the world , which would be incredibly difficult to do . 
  look at eastern germany - and the gap was n't that big to begin with . 
  and play as well . 
  there really is a sub for everything !, 
  thanks , i could n't have imagined to search for a sub !, 
  okay , so it will be `` let 's run ! '', 
  or something like that then , 
  an introvert from an extroverted culture might seem like an extrovert here , so do n't be too sure about being an introvert , 
  most other items have been answered well enough , but i 'd like to give a go with this one :, 
   since i would be going alone , is it wise to move around the town on my own without other girls or boys ? 
  is it considered unsafe for girls to go around or is it pretty ok ? 
  as a young woman myself , i can confirm that it is perfectly safe . 
  i walked alone through old town in a mini skirt during the bronze night protests ( as i had been having a movie night with friends , i had no idea of this going on ) and i did n't have any issues even on this emotional night . 
  i live in kopli and i walk around alone , day and night , nothing happened yet . 
  generally , i 'd say , avoid/ignore drunk ( groups of ) men and you 're good . 
  i think it is wonderful that you are taking such an interest in estonia and your questions are interesting to read , answer , and read other answers to them . 
  these are things most of us probably do n't think about that often so it 's good . 
  thank you for posting your questions !, 
  an hour walk every morning , plus some training . 
  same each evening . 
  during daytime , my son ( 14 ) is also at home ( he 's homeschooled ) , but oftentimes he sleeps until afternoon in a separate room . 
  also , doggy daycares may be a problem as he is anxious around other dogs . 
  living in an apartment it 's not as easy as letting the dog out . 
  not to say anything about my son 's disabilities that make it necessary for me to homeschool him in the first place . 
  if i could just do it this way , i would . 
  as long as it 's this way i will probably have to crate-train him to act calm being alone in the room during daytime while crated . 
  however my question in this sub was more about the option 1 ) . 
  i eat very healthy , yet i am like a mosquito magnet . 
  and anywhere there is a mosquito bite , there will soon be many more - not depending on where else my skin is less covered . 
  and they 'll swell up to much greater sizes than anyone else i know . 
  bug spray helps , though . 
  however , i have never had a tick ( unless i was a small kid and do n't remember having it ) and never have been stung by a bee . 
  there are different people , also depending on how much they have had contact with foreigners before . 
  some are more open , some less so . 
  just be aware that there may be cultural differences and be mindful of her reactions to any of your advances . 
  i am 35 and i got my license 3 years ago . 
  i was really anxious of driving , partly because i had been in a ( happy-ending ) accident when i was teenager and partly because the first driving instructor when i was 20ish somehow thought it is okay to touch my knee and legs while i was driving ( i 'm female ) . 
  i got back to it through tears and anxieties and it took me 2 years of expensive lessons to actually get my license . 
  when i was driving alone the first times , it really helped me to go over my route on google maps street view to check which lane is best and where exactly i should turn , what signs are anywhere etc. 
  now i have grown to love driving as `` my time '' and i even love traffic jams because i have more `` my time '' . 
  i only wish others would also adhere to the rules as well as i do , because that has given me quite a few scares ... 
  i joined [ precision nutrition ] ( http://www.precisionnutrition.com/ ) online [ coaching for women ] ( http://www.precisionnutrition.com/womens ) last july and i 'd say they advocate pretty intuitive eating with a few guidelines ( that you can honestly find on their blog as well - just that during that course it is organized and you get support of your team and coach ) . 
  i see a lot of people have lost great amounts of weight with this , including a change towards healthier mindset , but this failed for me . 
  i was doing great for around 6 months ( lost 10kgs - and i did n't have more to lose anyhow ) , but then i got stressed out with unrelated things , i started obsessively tracking the guidelines to a t and at some point i could n't manage any more and now i have gained everything back . 
  so , the answer is , it depends . 
  i am not an expert , but i remember this question being asked and the answer basically being that humans are n't hairy enough . 
  i understood that this treatment makes the hairs being covered in something that repels the bugs . 
  so as there is n't enough hair coverage in humans , they can easily navigate to where there is no hair ... 
  baby wipes are great for this . 
  it is most regular paper . 
  however , for the proof of authenticity , there are usually more than one identical copy ( each party that signs gets one copy ) and signatures of all parties on each page .
