  i must mention that my son is special-needs teenager and he will be partly home-schooled this school year as a transition to actually going to school . 
  well , at least for the night crating does n't stop him from barking at the noises . 
  he 's just barking inside his crate , then !, 
  amazon kindle . 
  i even buy new books from time to time ... 
  not op , but yes , that actually happens . 
  women 's body retains more water some days leading up to and during the period and it will be gone after it 's over . 
  some of it may stay , though , as some women gain weight due to junk food cravings during that time . 
   how come that tallinn is such a modern and well preserved city , even when you leave the typical touristic places ? 
  i mean , when you compare it with prague : as soon as you leave the old town there , you immediately see the commie blocks and the infrastructure looks like , well , you know , how post-commie infrastructure looks . 
  in estonia i never really had the impression that this was the case . 
  my understanding is that places like prague were bombed to ground during wwii , but we only had i think 1-2 bombings during the war , so the earlier architecture was preserved . 
  also , the center is pretty small , if you look at it on the map - it 's pressed between the sea and \u00dclemiste lake , so all kinds of most important things , touristy or modern offices , are mostly in the center and look good . 
  if you go outside the center , commie blocks are there . 
  we had a nice summer this year . 
  too bad that i had to work that day . 
  it 's south of finland , so a little bit warmer and somehow my impression is that it is more rainy . 
  however , plenty of sunny days , plenty of snow in winters ... 
  nothing very extreme . 
  i have talked about world wars with several foreigners , and somehow all eastern front and especially what happened to baltic states seems to be somewhat glossed over ( / not remembered that well ? ) ... 
  for us , in contrast , they mostly talk about what happened around here , and barely mention what was going on outside of europe . 
  but , i agree , it 's taught extensively . 
  i remember going through these years in history class several times . 
  have you tried airbnb ? 
  i have understood that it has gained some popularity . 
  also booking.com may have some options ? 
  of course this topic is always present in media ; not only now but even before it got so huge . 
  russia has kept on criticizing and kind of threatening us throughout the post-soviet period , we never got very friendly after that . 
  i consider it unlikely that russia would directly attack a nato country , but things may get dangerous if russia and nato get involved in some other place . 
  there are quite a few castles , although many of them are in ruins . 
  i like [ kuressaare castle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuressaare_castle ) , for example , and [ toompea castle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toompea_castle ) is where our parliament building is . 
  the disappointment is that most of them are pretty small compared to the ones in central europe . 
  hello from estland !, 
  i have visited some of / de countries and i really loved it there !, 
  * what is your stereotype about estonia/estonian ? 
  what would you expect if you found out that somebody you 're about to meet is an estonian ? 
  what would you expect if you were being given a tourist trip to estonia ? 
  what would you like to see ? 
  * how do you see the situation between nato and russia right now ? 
  how much do you know about your soldiers in estonia ? 
  hypothetically ( let 's hope there is never a need ) , how would your common people think about going to war for narva ? 
  * what would be the best souvenir to get from your country ? 
  * my son is starting to learn german this autumn . 
  what would be the best suggestions for him to learn it easier ? 
  i have quite a few russian colleagues and they are people like any other , we get along great . 
  we rarely discuss politics , though . 
  however , we find it difficult to get along with people , who refuse to learn the language and customs of the land they are living at and demand they be treated preferentially as during soviet times . 
  for me , best thing about estonia is the nature . 
  also , it is a modern and pretty safe and calm country ( at least currently , past has shown that it does n't stay that way long ) . 
  the worst may be depression/suicide rates , fentanyl deaths , hiv prevalence ... 
  you 'd probably find most foods very similar to yours as your cuisine has influenced ours a lot . 
  however :, 
  * [ kama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kama_ ( food ) ) , preferably in the form of kama bar or candies , although the more common form of eating it is in kefir, 
  * [ kohuke ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/curd_snack ) is something surprisingly not found elsewhere that much ( avoid the `` glazed desserts '' though , make sure the word `` kohuke '' is present ! ), 
  * local fish , smoked or canned, 
  * craft beers ( sorry , others will have to specify ), 
   is that an offer :d ? 
  i wish ... danke for your answer !, 
  sorry , no tundra here , you need to go more north for this . 
  we have swamps and forests , though ; covered in snow during winter ... 
  actually , political situation is pretty good , considering what 's going on in the world . 
  none of the presidential candidates are as bad as the choice americans have this time , for example . 
  try different places . 
  i just managed to look past the cultishness of all places until i found one ( called power yoga ) where the instructor at the start of the class actually said `` we do no humming here , we 're here to use the poses to stretch ourselves '' . 
  greatest yoga class i have had so far . 
  i needed usb stick internet for a while and at least at that time ( a few years ago ) the best suggestion was to take a trial from each of the providers and return those that do n't have enough coverage in the places you usually frequent . 
  the thing is that although the coverage is pretty much the same for all providers , each of them covers some area better than the others . 
  so it 's just a case of trial and error of which is best for you specifically . 
  at least it was then , i do n't know about now . 
  solaris centre has a nice supermarket as well , in the kaubamaja/stockmann category . 
  there 's also `` roll of shame '' in case you do use clamps . 
  although , without clamps is easier . 
  yes , the question was about tallinn ... 
  well , if you can sell what you hunt/gather for enough to pay your taxes , then technically you are living off the land ... 
  some great advice here for a dad to do with his kid ... 
  i also have a 14yo obese son who is very much into computer games ( and programming ) , but i am a fit single mother instead . 
  we do n't have junk food at home and his dad barely ever meets him so he is of no real influence on him . 
  however , my son eats enormous amounts of the healthy foods that we do have at home !, 
  i 'm sure / r/fitness knows that it 's less about the types of food and more about the amounts ... 
  so that 's why he 's fat . 
  he 's embarrassed to do anything active with me ( besides walking the dog ) and i have trouble curbing his appetite ... any suggestions ? 
  ( i know it will get buried , but i had to ask , maybe someone does answer ), 
  a very small thing ... 
  when i 'm picking up my dog 's poop and there 's another dog poop nearby , i pick it up as well . 
  it looks nicer to the eye when things are level and even , and most people feel calmer and more comfortable when things are like that . 
  mostly , it also sets your mood to be correct and orderly for the day , like you 've accomplished something . 
  during the day you might sit on the bed ( or if you have others living with you , including pets , they might ) with slightly less clean clothes , and thus dirty the linen . 
  not documentary , but movie based on temple grandin 's life was great watching for me ( movie is also calles temple grandin ) . 
  i have seen only a few green household waste bins . 
  just follow the signs !, 
  i am renting an apartment and i have a dog . 
  the ad actually said that families without pets were preferred ( there is usually more people who want to live in a rental than there are those who want to rent theirs out , which means that the apartment owner/broker is the one to choose who gets to have it ) , however , the owner liked us most and so chose us . 
  of course you must be prepared to pay for any damage that your dog does ( or that you do yourself ) . 
  so far i have n't seen anyone to take extra deposit because i have pets , though . 
  and you must declare to the owner each animal you take to live with you . 
  subletting is n't very common , although it is done . 
  i can commend p\u00f5hja-tallinn , mustam\u00e4e , \u00d5ism\u00e4e , kristiine as great places to live with animals . 
  in p\u00f5hja-tallinn be careful with choosing the area , there are some less clean places there , however if you live close to stroomi beach and merimets , you have what could be called a dream home : home near beach and forest , and relatively close to city center . 
  and i can assure you that there are * many * dogs around here . 
  i got a 3-room apartment with balcony for 330 $ .
