  so quite a few things have already been done , but it 's interesting to see what other people have found helpful . 
  i only wish i knew how to encourage him to do that !, 
  so far i am the only one who notices danger signs in him before he shuts down ; and he is so far unable to tell to other people what he needs - i have somehow learned to coax it out of him , though it is not always easy ... 
  actually , my son is 14 and this will be his 4th school . 
  we have tried normal schools - bigger first , then smaller one , then one private special ed school , now it will be municipal special ed school ... 
  at one time there was a video on / r/videos about a unique place somewhat near my home . 
  in the comments someone wrote about a bicycle trip he and his girlfriend 's friends did there , mentioning many details ... that 's how i found out my ex 's new username . 
  now i sometimes stalk him just to see how he 's doing as he 's not really talking to me otherwise ... 
  if you are going to new places with complicated intersections , take a look at the google street view of them first to be prepared about which lane is best , what it looks like when you need to turn etc. 
  in the moment you 'll be much better off . 
  i fell for him ( my new colleague in a small company ) from first sight , and did my best to control my feelings because i knew very well that i was n't self-confident enough to handle being in a relationship with such a cocky individual . 
  i had really hard time controlling my feelings for years ... now i 'm better at it . 
  but we became friends . 
  there were some awkward moments , there were a few times it seemed to me that it is actually two-sided , that i am special for him somehow , and i never could get over him completely . 
  despite having other relationships , the crush always came back whenever the relationships ended . 
  long story short , it 's been ~ 15 years now , we 're still friends ( more so than i am with other colleagues from that company ) - he 's very passionate about a genre of music and he shares it with me , we have also partially similar tastes in books , i know most of his friends , we go out to concerts in other countries together ... 
  but it 's still the same , just friends . 
  i mean we 've been on trips together , just the two of us , even slept in same bed , but nothing more than friendly happened . 
  he 's been growing more considerate about others , i 've grown more self-confident ... 
  but i still know that we would n't be happy in a romantic relationship so i am even happy that nothing like this has ever happened . 
  we are still both single as well . 
  however , on our last trip it seemed that he and his new colleague ( also with us ) were very close and i would n't be surprised if they would get romantic . 
  i think they would be a great couple , better than me and him could be . 
  i would be happy for them if it ever happens , and i did n't feel jealous at all . 
  i still love him , though . 
  for me , it helped to make sure i know what i am going to do and how once i get there . 
  first , i read up on starting strength , a program to follow . 
  if you want to , choose a different one , there are plenty around , faq will help you if you have n't found one already . 
  then i searched youtube for the form and practiced doing the movements at home using a broomstick . 
  then i went on a reconnaissance mission - i chose spots where i could see what is going on in the freeweights section . 
  i noted the type of equipment there is , how people go about using them and noted which of these i would need to use ... all while doing some easy stuff nearby . 
  and then , finally , i went there , put on a unsocial mask so nobody would approach me , and pretended that i knew exactly what i was doing . 
  well , i mostly did . 
  a few times i needed to pretend , a few times i had to take a break to figure out something i had not thought of before ... 
  but mostly it worked out . 
  people that went there came to respect me as part of the scene , now i nod to a few of the regulars to say hi when i go there . 
  a colleague . 
  at first we clicked immediately , got along great to the point of finishing each other 's sentences . 
  but after a while she started crowding me . 
  she would n't let me do anything without her and she would n't do anything to improve her life , only whine and pretend to be oh-so-good girl all the time . 
  after a long time trying to push her to pick herself up , be independent person etc , i felt she was dragging me down with her . 
  so i decided to finish it . 
  i did it kindly , though . 
  she wanted to join a add group , but did n't dare to do it alone . 
  so i went with her . 
  add is not really my thing ( i even think it is a waste of time ) and after ~ 5 times , i gave a very plausible excuse to drop out . 
  now she is integrated into the friend group there and we meet only occasionally . 
  i think we are both happier this way . 
  same !, 
  although sometimes i also added some liquid to make it into actual batter . 
  there was a specific cake mix that was wonderful with sourcream . 
  once i moved out of my home , i may have eaten too much of it for a while ... 
  i did n't even use spoon - i just bit at the butter ( or baking margarine ) . 
  i know it is actually a common condition that i have forgotten the name of ... 
  i had quite a few things i did n't eat :, 
  * cooked cabbage , cauliflower , carrot , turnip - all okay by me raw . 
  * any kinds of nuts in sweets . 
  now i can tolerate almonds and cashews , but i still gag at peanuts in anything . 
  i can tolerate hazelnuts in chocolates as i just suck the chocolate separately and only then bite into nuts , but otherwise it 's still on disgust list . 
  secretly , i ate :, 
  * semolina by the spoonful . 
  sugar , of course . 
  my little sister 's baby formula . 
  * also , a fun thing , cooking powder mixed with flour . 
  it 's actually because at one time we had a `` witches ' party '' at our art school and someone made this as a `` witch 's drug '' and everybody loved it so i started secretly eating it . 
  also , dry cake mix , which is almost the same thing . 
  sometimes with some liquid . 
  * cocoa mixed with sour cream or jam . 
  * raw eggs beaten up and mixed with a bit of flour and sour cream - as i loved cake batter , this is basically it . 
  ( i am not a doctor ), 
  you are talking about attention deficit - but not hyperactivity here . 
  just food for thought - it is attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder . 
  recommended drugs may be different based on whether you have both main symptoms or not . 
  there is also add ( a form oh adhd ) which is just attention deficit disorder ( without hyperactivity ) . 
  we are also having a similar problem and would love an answer to this . 
  living in an apartment and our 2-yo mixed rescue ( been with us for a year ) still barks when people move in the stairway . 
  at first i was taught to give treats to him whenever i saw he was about to start barking , before he actually does ... 
  but it does n't work when i 'm not in the same room - or not at home . 
  and even when i am in the same room , i can not have my eyes on him all the time - i need to cook food etc. 
  and he hears moving in the stairway much sooner than i do . 
  he 's also crated for night in the living room and often enough i 've been woken by him barking because somebody moves in the stairway . 
  now i just invite him over whenever i hear him barking ... and he has started to bark a bit , then run to me , even if i have n't invited him over . 
  expecting treats . 
  i would really love a way to stop the barking at all , because neighbors have already said that his barking disturbs them ... and of course i would also like to get a good night 's sleep !, 
  has n't helped with ours so far . 
  i do n't know , maybe it should be on much louder :d, 
  interesting ... 
  i loved swinging as a child , i could do it endlessly and would never get motion sickness . 
  however , i was always nauseous when i was riding in a car . 
  it 's better now , only getting motion sickness if i read in car while riding in mountains or am hangover or something , and it is rare opportunity for me to get on a swing ( although i still like to , i just do n't have that much opportunity ) . 
  so my experience does n't go with this theory for some reason ... 
  just finished the dark forest by cixin liu ( next in series for hugo-winning three body problem ) . 
  by the end of this book , pretty excited . 
  i get a new cut every month and half ... 
  two haircuts ago ... 
  the awful stress-filled school year ( of my son ) was just over , i was excited to rest for the summer . 
  now ... 
  the next school year is starting soon enough that i 'm having nightmares about it . 
  i know that i have managed it before , but currently thinking about what i need to do to get through this , i really do n't want to get into this again ... 
  i have really never dreaded the school as much as i do now .
