  i am single mother ( suspected autistic as well ) and i work full time . 
  we found a new school for him for this school year - private school directed towards autistic children , it has small classes , specially educated teachers as well as other specialists working there , no school bell etc. . . 
  he went to school on 4 days and as far as everybody around him understood , everything seemed fine and they thought he is a very good companion in class and gets along with teachers as well . 
  but after these 4 days , he just stops short of school door , says his left eye ( of all things ! ), 
  starts to hurt , and that it hurts so much that he needs to get back home and lay down . 
  at home he feels fine and loves sitting at his computer and playing ( mostly ) nonaggressive games . 
  the school says that they will need to end the contract if he does n't start going to school . 
  our support worker says that next option after this type of school is getting him institutionalized . 
  i think it should n't be a measure for this boy at all !, 
  he is intelligent and social , if given the option . 
  i do n't think i can afford to get tutors for him to homeschool him again ( and i know that i did n't manage it myself ) , according to his needs . 
  best of all would be if he would just get back to school . 
  then again , another school of the same type probably would n't change anything - i believe as it is , he still just would n't go there . 
  he says he wants to get back to school , but i know that despite being autistic , he is able to lie , so i do n't know how true that is . 
  then again , he does walk to school with me every day and goes through this ( act ? ), 
  pain and being distressed about not being able to go to school . 
  i do n't know what to do about it any more . 
  do you have any suggestions ? 
  edit : should be `` how soon ... '' . 
  sorry , english is not my first language ... 
  species : dog, 
  age : ~ 1y, 
  sex/neuter status : male , not neutered, 
  breed : mixed breed , small/medium size, 
  body weight : 17lbs/8kg, 
  history : yesterday morning i applied spot medicine on the back of my dog 's neck for regular prevention of fleas and ticks . 
  yesterday evening he played with other dogs in dog park , it was muddy and he has mud in his hair . 
  clinical signs : no real clinical signs ... 
  your general location : estonia, 
  i 'd like to wash my dog , but also i would like to do it only after the medicine has had enough time to work . 
  i got that medicine from the vet some time ago without any instruction papers besides applying to neck skin after a month . 
  he 's not that muddy that i ca n't avoid washing him , he 's not uncomfortable etc , but i 'd like to , as he is obviously making my home somewhat dirty . 
  i know it seems weird , but i am from eastern europe and i am not sure what you mean when you say `` dog park '' in any posts . 
  it seems to me somehow that these are a different thing than what we have here . 
  we do have fenced-in areas meant to let dogs run around , but it seems to me that your parks are something else . 
  so a few questions :, 
  * how big are your dog parks , usually ? 
  * do they have some equipment ? 
  greenery ? 
  * are they maintained some way and by whom ? 
  * what are the basic rules for visiting a dog park ? 
  * your general location , as there could be regional differences, 
  any pics would be a bonus ... 
  it 's just a curiosity thing for me to understand it better when you westerners talk about these things . 
  from my side , it 's following :, 
  * around 500 sq ft ( 45 sq meters ) for smaller breeds , 1000 to 2000 sq ft ( 90-180 sq meters ) for larger dogs, 
  * there are usually a few trash bins , benches and a few agility-like contraptions in there . 
  some are sandy , some muddy base , sometimes a tree or two , depending on location . 
  * city maintains them ( takes the trash , replaces any broken equipment ), 
  * close the gates , pick up after yourself and your dog , do n't intentionally break the equipment ( no rule when and who should be allowed inside ), 
  * north-eastern europe , estonia, 
  i have been on/off different strength workouts and diets for 7 years . 
  i am happy where i am with my body 's appearance . 
  i am healthy . 
  i am strong . 
  i know how to eat right to maintain this ( or lose or gain a bit , if it would be necessary ) . 
  i do n't care about getting much stronger or leaner any more . 
  so now my goals are : to maintain my current strength and leanness and have some fun with it !, 
  i want to keep lifting weights , but i also want to start doing other things . 
  namely , yoga , some kind of dancing ( to be chosen by what 's available at suitable times ) , rock-climbing , squash ( already doing it ) . 
  the problem is that i am still busy as ever , i can not work out more than 3-4 times/week . 
  so my questions are :, 
  * what would be the best schedule at 3-4 workouts/week ? 
  something probably will have to be every other week ( and it 's fine by me ) . 
  * what strength program would fit such workout schedule to help me maintain ? 
  for yoga/dancing/climbing i will probably find some classes , but i am stumped about strength routine that would allow less times a week/other workouts as well . 
  species : dog, 
  age : 1,5 years, 
  sex/neuter status : neutered male, 
  breed : mix of unknown breeds, 
  body weight : 10kg/22lbs, 
  history : i adopted him from a shelter in july 2015 . 
  at first he had loose stool , probably while accustoming to the food i was giving him instead of what he got at the shelter . 
  after a few weeks it got better and it became possible to pick up after him . 
  during the first month with me i had to go to the vet once to have the anal glands emptied , no problems after that . 
  however , he still poops at least twice each walk ( maximum 6 times so far ) . 
  the first one is solid , the next one less so , and the more there are , the more liquid they become . 
  this has been regardless of the food i give him ( so far tried 3 brands , each so-called quality brand , currently for 3 months already https://www.happydoguk.com/mini-neuseeland ) . 
  i have also seen that it 's more solid if he has had some dried animal parts during the day ( most commonly animal ears , as sold for doggie treats ) . 
  by the way , he is perfect in never doing it in the house ( only mistook one corner while visiting my parents once ) and i have no complaints about his behavior . 
  it would be just more economic bag-wise and more reasonable in this cold weather ( as i need to take my gloves off to pick up ) if i could pick up his number two only once during the walk instead of 6 . 
  clinical signs : several defecations during walk instead of preferred 1 . 
  duration : 6 months, 
  your general location : estonia, 
  this is the best way to ensure that the book is written for their age . 
  i thought this was common sense , and then my 13-yo was given a book meant for 6-year-olds . 
  wasted money . 
  i do n't live in the cleanest neighborhood . 
  there are bones ( probably carried about by crows and seagulls , taken out of trash cans ) and pieces of bread ( some probably from people feeding smaller birds , some probably also from trash cans ) and other trash around . 
  i always walk my dog before he eats so he would be responsive to treats ( he is reactive to dogs and bigger cars so i need him to be responsive , for his safety ) . 
  and whenever he finds some of that trash , he `` inhales '' it - it 's gone so fast that i 'm barely able to say `` leave it '' before it 's gone already . 
  if it 's a bone , i might get there in time to remove it from his mouth by hand as he needs to chew it to get it down . 
  i do not give him bones to chew at at home as i understand it could pierce his intestines later , but i do give him chew toys and dried animal bits regularly . 
  he finds around 5-10 of such things each time we walk . 
  i can not prevent him from finding these things ( if i do n't want to remove from him the pleasure of sniffing around ) as they are usually hidden in snow or grass and i do n't see it before the moment he has it in his mouth . 
  his `` drop it '' is not perfect as well - i am still working on him giving up toys . 
  what are your suggestions to train him not eat everything he sniffs and digs out ? 
  this can not be unique problem , yet i can not find suggestions . 
  maybe i am using wrong search terms ( also , english is not my first language so that might be one reason ) . 
  dog : mixed , 9lb , 1.5 yo , male , neutered , active , playful,
