  and she seems useless otherwise as well , we just go there for the medicine ( concerta for add ) . 
  i do n't know . 
  he never tells me much about his school , never has , i have to ask very specific questions to get any information at all . 
  and when he does , he tells me how everybody is his closest friends and what fun they are having . 
  that only lessons are sometimes boring . 
  when i have watched him interact with kindergarten/schoolmates , i see a different picture - they are friendly , but not close friends , very casual , not deep friendship . 
  all teachers have always told that he gets along wonderfully with everyone . 
  so i just do n't know . 
  he was bullied when he was going to swimming classes outside of school , but then we changed the place he went to those classes and then it was fine . 
  he did tell me then , although he did n't use word `` bullying '' . 
  no , we are not in us . 
  we are in estonia and we have the equivalent of iep , as much as i understand . 
  which is basically that he is n't expected to go to all classes , just 10 each week , for starters . 
  he does ' t go to even one . 
  i work in it . 
  i 've been working from home a lot because of this . 
  my employer has been so understanding so far that it scares me that some day there will be a limit reached and i will be unemployed to top it all off . 
  yes , i was at home and saw him lying on bed all day with torture and defiance on his face . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not smarter than you are , 
  bj\u00f6rk - there 's more to life than this, 
  i do n't know why , it always makes me see the world in a happier frame of mind . 
  also rusted root - send me on my way, 
  i watched horror-comedy [ deathgasm ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3705412/ ) and i really would n't mind being caught by the main character . 
  he 's a bit shy , but otherwise quite a nice guy . 
  and if he would be a bit older , maybe i 'd enjoy hooking up with him ... 
  the rolled on the ground , there are mud pieces all over him . 
  unfortunately i threw away the packet already so i do n't know the manufacturer ... 
  unfortunately i threw away the packet already so i do n't know the manufacturer ... 
  but i 'll wait until tomorrow then , hopefully it will be fine by that time . 
  among other things , my feet feel less cold if i have worked out regularly . 
  i hate to feel cold , so that 's a big win for me !, 
  self-confidence . 
  i am also in a small country within eu and participating this year . 
  can you share what you would have put in your shipping instructions for your santa ? 
  i think i might need to add such a note to avoid excess taxes , but i have no clue what it should say ... last year i was ( under a different reddit account ) matched both ways to uk , which was totally ok as they are in eu , i did n't even think that there could be this problem ... 
  looks perfect , thanks !, 
  he asked me to marry him and i was happy to say yes . 
  he pulled back his offer . 
  a year later , he asked me to marry him again . 
  i said yes again . 
  he pulled back his offer again . 
  when he asked me third time , i said no . 
  * how do you feel about foreigners coming to live and work on your country ? 
  - i personally like if educated foreigners come , and you seem to be one of those . 
  you do n't mention your race , but i wanted to warn that in case you are not white , there may be incidents . 
  nothing deadly , but people might stare and even offend when you are out and about etc. 
  personally , i myself have nothing against colored people , but many are . 
  especially in the light of current refugee crisis the emotions are running higher than they used to . 
  before , seeing a person of different race was just a novelty , as estonia is pretty uniformly white , but now we are seeing some worrying trends . 
  * how do you feel about the current state of estonia , just a general overview about work , economy and people ? 
  - i feel it 's a great place to live and work . 
  it 's more peaceful than most western countries , but still offering the quality of life . 
  going to old western countries , i feel they are somewhat tired and not as shiny and spiffy as they are reputed to be . 
  it sector here is also in need of ever more workers , so you 'd probably have no problem finding a job . 
  at least if you are somewhat good at what you do , 
  * any recommendations about places i should visit first ? 
  or people i should talk to ? 
  - i suggest you subscribe here and read all the tourist threads about recommendations . 
  they happen often enough . 
  * are estonians ok about speaking english ? 
  or are you conservative about your mother language ( i.e you prefer to speak estonian only ) - i spend half my days speaking in english as i work in it in a global company . 
  it 's pretty common in it , but very much depending on company ( people in some smaller companies only speak estonian or even only russian , but coming from abroad , you probably want to target the bigger ones or startups anyway ( for better relocation support ) , where this is less of a problem ) . 
  of course , if you live here , it would be better if you learn at least the basics of the language , so it would be easier to manage in shops , streets etc everyday life ( readings signs etc ) . 
  my ex ( american who lived in estonia for a while ) always complained that he can not learn estonian besides written words , because everybody always only speaks english with him . 
  * which website would you recommend for renting a house/apartment ? 
  - city24.ee , kv.ee, 
  * jobs : is it too difficult to get one ? 
  specially in the technology field , software development and devops . 
  - what do you develop ? 
  if you are java programmer , you can even pm me for an option . 
  otherwise http://www.cv.ee/english/ will get you started . 
  if your girlfriend is from eu and you plan to get married at some point , then it would be practical to get married and get the visa into estonia through that . 
  this might be easier than the other bureaucracy needed . 
  of course , this is up to you , what you prefer . 
  also , you do n't mention what your girlfriend 's profession is - she will probably also need a job ? 
  i did it for a while . 
  for me it ended up bringing me into binge eating in the evenings when i was allowed to eat ; i got too obsessive about measuring every macro and then i could n't adhere to it ... 
  i also felt terrible after eating the huge dinner . 
  so i changed it up , now i do n't measure anything ; i eat when i am hungry and stop when i am no longer hungry . 
  all three big mobile operators ( emt , tele2 , elisa ) have some usb-internet option . 
  as i have never used any i have no idea which is better/cheaper . 
  however , they usually also have `` trial period '' of a few weeks . 
  i suggest to take one from each of the companies for trial period and check which has best coverage at your specific location ( i 've heard there may be surprises with this despite good mobile coverage ) . 
   what 's worst about all of this to me is that he does n't seem to care at all or even be listening, 
  you hit the nail with this one !, 
  that is the only problem i really have with this book/play ( i have seen a play by a local group here , not broadway play ) . 
  a sad story it is ... 
  my son 13 and he is obese and sedentary . 
  he has been so all his life . 
  i have tried to lead by example , i have tried to do wise choices about foods that we have in our home - mostly whole foods , cooking at home , sometimes small treats , eating out only in good restaurants . 
  we were always going biking and playing on playgrounds when he was small . 
  i always tried to encourage moving for him . 
  i put him into swimming classes as soon as they accepted his age ( and swimming classes accept the youngest kids , and he loved swimming ) - but he stopped going there last year . 
  with the teenage growth spurt he is now getting a bit leaner , but still classifies as obese . 
  but he is more sedentary than ever . 
  although it seems to me that his eating habits have actually gotten a bit better ( he used to take anything in big amounts and eat it - for example , a whole bread - and hide it in his room ) , he is saying `` no '' that he does n't want to eat , sometimes ... 
  so i do hope that it is getting better , but i am used to being ashamed to be a fit parent of an obese kid . 
  i think it misses a few things . 
  for example the meme `` estonia can not into nordic '' , which just has gotten old . 
  otherwise , i think it 's pretty spot on .
