  the problem is that he really has not had any good opportunities to learn to , you know , act around dogs . 
  and neither do i. 
  my family always had a dog when i was younger , but it was an outside-only guard dog , not a real pet you went to play with . 
  it was also very big and i was always a bit apprehensive about him . 
  we would get a small dog , so we can keep it in our apartment . 
  we have the resources necessary , we know it would be with us for the next 15 or so years ( or we 'll see if at some point my son moves to live separately , then which one of us will keep the dog ) , no problem on that end . 
  the only thing that really makes me afraid of this step is that any videos i see about dog training just kind of expect you to know how to act around them , but i am afraid that being a cat person ( s ) , we just would n't know when it is distressed and act out ( and hurt us and then we can not keep it when we do n't know how to communicate with it in a friendly manner ) . 
  we would also like to give a helping hand to an adult dog from shelter ( looking at the pictures a shelter near us has up , they have some mutts that seem to fit the size requirements and have short hair , which is also my preference ) , but all the training videos i see are about training young puppies . 
  i would n't know what 's different when it comes to an adult with unknown previous experience . 
  are the amounts of going for walks , feedings etc the same with an adult or not ? 
  so much uncertainty ... 
  besides the point : also , if anyone has a list of items to buy , time plan for taking care of them and things to know before adopting a dog , it would be welcome . 
  i recently moved to a house right beside a small gym . 
  it has a power cage . 
  it has a bench . 
  it has a good assortment of dumbbells up to 30kg . 
  a few machines as well , but these are good for me just for distracting a few others who 'd maybe otherwise would use the equipment i would like to use . 
  however , there are hardly any plates to use with the barbell . 
  there are the following :, 
  ( btw , sorry for using only kg amounts , that 's what the gym has and i am used to using ), 
  i 'm f and have n't been to gym for the last year . 
  when i was at my best , i squatted 70kg , deadlifted 75kg and bench pressed 35kg ( compared to my bodyweight of 58kg ) . 
  overhead presses and rows were more embarrassing numbers , and i think mostly because i never got the right form , and i 've gone on to do dumbbell variants of them instead . 
  now i started with squatting the bar , basically doing stronglifts with some accessories , but i am confused how to progress as the only possible way seems to be by 10kg at a time - definitely too fast as i used to progress by 2.5 kg at a time , and even this was not easy . 
  especially with bench press . 
  should i play around with rep or set amounts ( higher reps or sets before progress ) somehow or how could i get to where i could progress by 10kg somehow ? 
  and i do n't want to change the gym as it takes so little time to do my workout if i do n't have to drive somewhere to go there . 
  just trying to think of a way to make this one work for me first . 
  i 've seen pictures of dog nails , how they should be cut so it 's a bit longer than the quick etc. 
  the problem is that my dog is completely black , his nails as well . 
  i just ca n't see the quick at all !, 
  this is my first dog , i just got him a week ago from a shelter . 
  he 's ~ 1 year old and lets me do anything with him ( although he squirms to play instead of having me hold the paw ) . 
  i saw right away that his nails are too long when i got him and cut the tips a bit - but i do n't know if i should cut more or not . 
  i think i should because when he walks on the floor i can hear his nails ... but i do n't know how short i should cut them . 
  edit : we visited a groomer and she told me she can not see the quick either and cut them by intuition . 
  i guess i need to start going there each time he needs another manicure . 
  it only cost $ 4 , too !, 
  my mom asked for my help in putting together a workout plan for her . 
  she has been trying to diet down several times , but never succeeded . 
  now she has joined an online diet program that seems to be working for her so no problem with nutrition side of things . 
  however , things are not so great where it comes to workout . 
  during the summer she has been doing nordic walking , but as she is a teacher and works far enough from her home , not speaking of the shitty weather we have here 9 months of the year , she can not do this once school starts in september ( maybe only on weekends if there is some better weather , too ) . 
  the main goal of the workout should be to support the weightloss , keep herself from becoming weak from loss of muscle and keep her spirits up . 
  she is on a tight budget , but after the lessons she is able to use a small gym that they have in school and wanted me to help her put together/find a plan that she would be able to do there . 
  she made a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps_cb0kyarc ) of the gym to give me an idea what capabilities it has ( i like the db rack , but otherwise pretty poor options - for example , it seems to me that the barbell does n't have many plates in smaller range and she 'd be starting pretty weak ) . 
  in addition i can give her a set of exercise bands i am not using any more . 
  i have never been overweight and , of course , i am much younger ( 35 ) than her so i have never looked what kinds of workouts would be best for this kind of person . 
  i would very much like to give her a strength workout to do ( there are really not many cardio machines there anyway , just rowing ) as i am doing strength training for myself , so i know most about these . 
  she does not have any experience with resistance training , but i would be able to go there a few times to help her start out . 
  healthwise : she is pretty active for her weight - working in the garden and household , stand-up job and of course nordic walking . 
  however , she has painful knees ( dr says from excess weight , she can not go below parallel doing squats ) and slight asthma ( mostly under control , probably will be helped if she loses weight ) . 
  dr also gave a warning that she really needs to lose the weight as the blood pressure is on the higher end of the normal scale - this actually kicked off current workout/diet motivation for her in the spring . 
  just a generic question , not specifically about my own pet ( as then most probably i would consult a local vet ) . 
  as i am a new dog owner of a few months i just want to be sure i will do everything well - prevent rather than cure problems after they occur , if at all possible . 
  my mom has cats , so it would be great to also know about them . 
  and probably others might be interested in other species as well . 
  species : dog, 
  age : ~ 1y, 
  sex/neuter status : male , not neutered, 
  breed : mixed breed , small/medium size, 
  body weight : 17lbs/8kg, 
  history : i adopted him from a shelter this july . 
  so far i 've had his anal glands squeezed empty once and treated a skin irritation on his belly . 
  both of which seem fine now . 
  otherwise he seems a happy and active dog by all measures . 
  clinical signs : when he stands up , he does n't put his left hind paw on ground , although he uses it while walking/running and i do n't see a limp ( maybe it 's just so slight i do n't see it ? ) . 
  duration : noticed literally 10 minutes ago . 
  your general location : estonia, 
  i 'll add that i do n't know of any way he could have gotten any serious injury or something . 
  he is mostly walking on leash when we go for walks and even off leash he does n't go out of my range of vision . 
  he was actively running around with a few other dogs this sunday ( we went for a walk with the agility group we participate at , and the dogs had lots of fun on the beach ( not in water ) ) , but i did n't notice him limping or yelping or anything at that time , or any time after . 
  his nails have gotten a bit longer and in fact we have an appointment with groomer to cut his nails tomorrow morning ( they are pitch black and i do n't trust myself to cut them without cutting into the quick ) , but i do n't think they could be that long to hurt him yet ( last cut ~ 3 weeks ago ) . 
  this is my first dog and i want to do it right . 
  however , it is past 8pm here so vets open in the morning . 
  should i call for an appointment in the morning or should i observe for a few days ? 
  maybe ask the groomer to give her opinion , have her look at it more closely ? 
  species : dog, 
  age : ~ 1y, 
  sex/neuter status : male , not neutered, 
  breed : mixed breed , small/medium size, 
  body weight : 17lbs/8kg, 
  history : i adopted him from a shelter this july , he seemed healthy and happy . 
  they told me he had just had a cough cured when i adopted him and advised to come back to them if it would return . 
  it did not . 
  however ... after that i 've had his anal glands squeezed empty once , treated a skin irritation on his belly , now a partial ccl rupture . 
  all this within 4 months . 
  clinical signs : not asking specifically about current problems ... 
  your general location : estonia, 
  luckily vets do n't cost as much here as they do in usa and there is no problem for me with spending time and money on him . 
  however , i started to wonder if it is normal/common to have that many vet visits in such a short time . 
  is it just him adjusting to his new home , is it to do with him being a rescue , is it to do with him being my first dog ( and me doing something wrong ?! ) ... 
  or is it common and i should just expect to go to vet with him about once a month ? 
  i am asking about how to help my son to get back to school . 
  we never found out exactly why he stopped going to his previous school - we recognized that it had something to do with diy lessons , and then some more lessons ( mother tongue , literature , music ) . 
  he just started not going at one point - as in not getting out of car at the door , not dressing up , finally not getting out of bed . 
  i could n't convince him to go and he is big enough that any forcing is out of the question . 
  instead , i have tried to keep a good relationship with him . 
  so i homeschooled him last year . 
  his grades fell and i could n't really manage it well beside my own work .
