  and even if a box or two are missed , you do n't want to give up on the rest of them ? 
  online trainer/friend/accountability buddy also helps some people i have heard , but so far i have n't been able to keep this one going for myself . 
  maybe instead of opting for a tracker , add a protein shake once a day and do it for a month and see if it changes anything . 
  this way you wo n't be counting anything , wo n't be seeing any numbers , but in all probability will get more than you had so far . 
  primary school is not mandatory if you are at least 17 years old and have not finished it yet . 
  so repeating a few classes might get you to where it is perfectly legal to not continue with primary school as well . 
  i do n't have a diagnosis , but i believe that i am on the spectrum by self-testing and by reading the descriptions and finding more similarities with myself than with my son . 
  my son is 13 and has diagnosis of pdd-nos . 
  i hear you on struggles to impart life skills on him . 
  as a single mother , it is already difficult , but considering our non-neurotypical brains , it is only more difficult . 
  however , being alone and very dutiful , i 've had to make things happen , i 've had to make it work . 
  schedules , rules , reminders help . 
  we have a schedule on the wall when each of us has to complete a chore . 
  if we do n't by that time , other may take it over and has to receive some kind of compensation . 
  that helps keep the home tidy . 
  we sometimes do extra besides the ones on schedule , the schedule is just the minimum . 
  but when it comes to restricting gaming - or getting my son to school !, 
  - i am at a loss . 
  we have supportive services , small classroom , private school , very nice teachers , everything i could hope for , but he just wo n't go . 
  he says he gets headaches on the way and has to turn back . 
  he says he wants to go to school , but he ca n't . 
  he says no medicine that we have tried has helped him . 
  i do n't know what to do about it any more . 
  i thought it was about my scent as well , until one day he had chewed on them and i had to get new slippers ... 
  better find a way to stop it before that happens . 
  huh , all those terms ... 
  i wish there was an app/period tracker that would say : you 're currently in this phase , watch out for this and that ; try to do more this and that ... 
  if anybody knows one , please let me know !, 
  just in case , check your posture - anterior pelvic tilt ( apt ) makes your belly go out even if there is not that much of it . 
  google it , you 'll get the picture . 
   i also noticesd that i ca n't do wall extencions without arching by back . 
  my physio suggested i do these lying on the floor - so i get the benefit with good form on back . 
  i forget to keep in touch with people i care about . 
  friends , family , whatever . 
  at least my mom has understood it and takes the active role without being pushy about it . 
  i 've lost friends because of it . 
  ok , will see what it 's like in the morning . 
  uh , so is this why nobody ever flirts with me any more ... 
  i used to be very shy etc and there were always a few men trying to get to me . 
  i got used to it that i do n't need to do much other than keep the wrong ones at a distance , only let the one i like get through ... and now i 'm 35 , single , lonely , do n't know how to flirt up a man ... 
  i have friends , male and female , i 'm more confident around people in general , but no flirting going on at all . 
  uh , i rather go off to / r/relationships or something instead . 
  i think the more food for fewer calories is beneficial if you already are accustomed to stuffing yourself full , and this way you can still eat as much , but lose weight while doing so . 
  some people feel very uncomfortable not having that feeling of full belly at the end of their meal . 
  sure , it is a commitment and i do n't mind - i was just curious as it seemed strange to me . 
  sidebar here has the best links ... 
  be very explicit in how you tell him to stop this behavior . 
  `` i do n't feel comfortable with you touching me . 
  i want you to still come to drama group , but always stand x feet away from me and do not touch me . 
  if you still stand too close or touch me , i will speak to ( parents , police , drama group leaders ) and you can not come to drama group again . '', 
  i never got any stretch marks . 
  when i got pregnant , i happened to read an article saying that you should eat jelly as gelatin has something in it that allows skin to stretch without scars . 
  so every time when i felt my belly itching , i made myself some . 
  if you make it yourself out of gelatin , it wo n't have more calories than you put in it as well ( for example , japanese have traditional dessert made out of fruit tea made into jelly ) . 
  i never used any lotions . 
  itching subsided as soon as i had eaten some jelly . 
  never had any stretch marks . 
  i guess it should be similar with stretch marks out of working out ... 
  i have n't got so big muscles yet that it could be a problem , but i keep on eating jelly as it should also work against wrinkles somewhat , another positive ... 
  good other comments so far , but they do n't mention something that my dog trainer told me during the playtime after our dog school lesson . 
  she noticed that even though my dog was initiating and smiling fully , he had his tail between his legs . 
  there were two beagles and it was probably too much even for him !, 
  so even though they never got aggressive , there needed to be some interruption , i called him to me and let him chill and after a while everything was okay again . 
  of course it is an anecdote ; of course i might be naturally lucky ... 
  but it worked for me so of course i tell about it when people ask about it . 
  i would have broken up with the guy who became my son 's father 3 days after i met him . 
  i actually considered it at that point . 
  but i was so naive , thinking my love will change him into such an awesome person ... nope . 
  he 's manipulative , narcissistic , has borderline personality disorder - and nobody can change anyone who does n't want to be changed . 
  i became pregnant 3 years later when our relationship was already very shaky . 
  i did n't abort because i knew i could n't live with the `` if '' of what this kid could be . 
  now i 've been single mother for 13 years , barely any other relationships at all . 
  getting rid of his father was the best thing i did , and the consequences of our relationship meant years of therapy , and i am still living with these . 
  we met at an internet dating site . 
  we had been writing very long and frequent e-mails . 
  3 days later is because :, 
  1 ) i actually did consider it at that point , because i realized at that point what kind of hole he is in and that it would be a sacrifice on my part to go fully into this relationship ;, 
  2 ) in the long run i benefited from the lesson learned from this , and as i had realized already what it means , i hope the lesson would have been still learned . 
  without the most difficult consequences , without the kid ( do n't get me wrong , i love my son , but having to raise him alone has been very difficult , continues to be so ) and without going into such a deep hole that for a long time i was n't ready to have any relationships at all . 
  yes . 
  there 's another reason why i am alone now . 
  i 'm just not very sociable , i do n't like meeting new people . 
  so i do n't . 
  we tried the idea that he wo n't have computer if he does n't go to school . 
  he just laid down on his bed all day doing nothing . 
  for weeks . 
  they lessened the amount of lessons he is required to go to to 2 lessons a day already . 
  they say there is nothing more to lessen any more . 
  so it seems that they are not willing to work with us like this . 
  i got my son to school once when it was 45 minutes before the lessons started . 
  we were at his class , spoke with his teacher , looked at the books they had there etc. . . and just a few minutes before the lesson was supposed to start , he said the pain is there again , and he ca n't stand it and got dressed and left . 
  this school is very to each child 's needs and he is not required more than he knows . 
  he is also pretty intelligent so most lessons are easy for him , although he does n't put an effort in too often and gets lower grades than justified . 
  at least he likes to say that everything is too easy for him . 
  i would n't be surprised if he is apprehensive knowing that he has missed so many classes and the pile of work he needs to do to get back to his expected level . 
  i might need to talk to him about it so he could have confidence that school handles that well ... 
  we have been searching for a psychologist he would open up to and continue visiting and i think we have finally found one - but he has visited him only 3 times so far , it 's just so recent . 
  of course it has not worked yet , but this is where i hope the long-term solution will come from . 
  as for his psychiatrist - it 's so darn difficult to even get an appointment that we have n't seen her since august , so she does n't even know that he has this problem now . 
  our appointment is on 25th of november .
