  [ bonus pic of him chewing on chewstick ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yxjtgbe.jpg ), 
  i have usually just let the tea bag stay in my cup as i prefer pretty strong tea and after a while it wo n't get any more bitter anyway . 
  i had somebody claim that after recommended max 5 minutes , the resulting tea will have poisonous compounds in it so you should absolutely always remove the tea bag as soon as that 5 minutes is over . 
  is it true or not ? 
  answer : not dangerous . 
  great  as i enjoy tea that way i will continue . 
  i did search the sub , but all posts i found were with dogs who should n't be jogging yet so i do n't have my answer yet . 
  so , last summer i adopted a lovely small mutt blacky from our local shelter , my first dog . 
  he is high-energy ( sprinter - not endurance ) , bright , anxious , very communicative - and reactive to cars ( less so ) and other dogs ( i am trying to find a behaviorist to work with about this , currently on walks just trying to avoid any dogs and treating him for coming away from them - but that 's another topic and i think i have information enough , just need practice ) . 
  we live in an apartment in a city , and my 14-yo homeschooled son is at home most of the day with him . 
  currently i am taking him on 1.5 hour walks every morning and evening ; and during weekends i try to find time to go on on some trails in nature where he can run freely . 
  i do n't want my son to walk him too much because blacky needs very attentive care and training during walks because of his reactivity , and i know my son wo n't do everything necessary for him to get better . 
  i have tried to get him to do some training with blacky , but he only plays with him time to time , so assume all training is done by me . 
  he is pretty good with walking on leash , his strongest cues are wait ( also stops during walk ) , sit , search ( food on ground ) , let 's go . 
  however , i work during days so my time is short . 
  now that the roads are getting clear of snow and ice with spring , i have been thinking of starting to do a shorter , but more intense exercise , e.g. 
  jog , in the mornings to get him exercised quicker . 
  i have not tried it yet , but i want to be sure to go in with knowledge of what to prepare for and go about it . 
  so any advice about how to go about teaching my dog to jog with me ? 
  currently he is sniffing around a lot ( and it 's difficult to get him to move from a place he is sniffing at , even if it is necessary , for example , a dog coming our way ) with some quick bursts of running as long as the lead allows . 
  i 'm afraid he will just stop too often to be able to jog if i do go jogging with him . 
  does there need to be a cue set up , that now we are doing that type of walking ? 
  how do i teach him that ? 
  anything else i should consider ? 
  species : dog, 
  age : 1.5 years, 
  sex/neuter status : neutered male, 
  breed : mixed, 
  body weight : 10kg, 
  history : n/a ( hypothetical question ), 
  clinical signs : n/a, 
  duration : n/a, 
  your general location : eu, 
  so i read that garlic and onion are poison to dogs and you should go to your vet when they have ingested some . 
  yet i know that my parents have given their dog onion before and he 's still a big healthy animal . 
  are these actually so dangerous that i should rush to vet with my dog in case he ate some ? 
  is it true even if it 's some garlic salt on meat or meat cooked in same broth where there were onions as well ? 
  is that true even if he does n't show any discomfort ? 
  what signs of discomfort should i be looking for ? 
  for good measure , the same question about raisins/grapes and chocolate as well as these are other human foods that i am aware of that are said to be poison to dogs . 
  just a hypothetical question so i would be aware . 
  me and my son love garlic and onion with our food ( we do n't eat raisins/grapes and chocolate that often , but it may happen ) and he may get some at some point as we have not really been able to train out counter/table stealing yet . 
  not to mention if a piece should fall on the floor or something . 
  species : dog, 
  age : ~ 1.5 years, 
  sex/neuter status : male , neutered december 2015, 
  breed : mixed, 
  body weight : 10kg, 
  history : i adopted him from a shelter july 2015 . 
  he is generally healthy , but has had a few smaller problems like scooting ( had his anal glands squeezed empty and the problem did n't return ) , treated a skin irritation on his belly , a partial ccl rupture that got better just with rest . 
  clinical signs : destroying my furniture , eating everything he can . 
  duration : he 's loved eating and gnawing at everything as long as i 've had him , but it was under control with me providing all kinds of things meant to be chewed ( which he does n't really take that well any more , probably got boring , even though i try and get a variety ) . 
  until a week ago when i came home to floor covered in couch stuffing . 
  he is also increasingly chewing on all kinds of sticks and grass etc that he gets access to outside . 
  your general location : estonia, 
  my dog training coach told me that i am already doing everything suggested for chewing prevention ( keeping my shoes and clothes out of his reach , enough exercise , enough activities , schooling ) and there are just two things that could be done :, 
  1 ) i should have him checked for any pains as this might result in change of behavior, 
  2 ) i should start crating him for the time i 'm away from home so he can not continue doing that, 
  the first option leaves me puzzled - is it normal to go to vet saying um , he looks perfectly healthy and the only reason for thinking there might be something wrong with him is that he chews my stuff . 
  would n't it be considered hypochondria on my part ? 
  is it normal and common ? 
  can you actually determine if something is wrong if i would go there ? 
  should i book this appointment at all ? 
  ( i really hate the idea of crating him for the day as it just goes counter to my gut feeling , but to protect my furniture , i might have to start doing it/start training him for this - so far he is only crated for the night and i sleep in the same room as him ) . 
  some stewardesses ask you to remove headphones , other do n't . 
  and it 's not like the ones who ask you to remove them do it so they can say something to you - no , when they see you remove them , they 'll move along . 
  as an aside : would it be okay if i wore earplugs on the plane all the way since getting on the plane to getting off ? 
  so i carry a few condoms in my purse just in case , but i have heard dismissive comments about this practice , like `` as if a condom that has been carried around in pocket/wallet/purse under all conditions will be safe when used '' . 
  i absolutely want to be safe , of course . 
  i do n't have a steady partner and i am pretty open-minded about having sex pretty fast into the relationship ( depending on situation ) . 
  however , i have n't currently had sex for more than a year . 
  one day this will probably change as i am young and i think pretty attractive , and i want to be sure that i will be safe then . 
  safe from stds , safe from pregnancy . 
  so , after how long time should i consider the ones that have been in my purse as `` damaged '' and buy new ones ? 
  species : dog, 
  age : 2 years, 
  sex/neuter status : male , neutered, 
  breed : mixed, 
  body weight : 10kg/22lb, 
  history :, 
  monday ( 20th ) morning he coughed a few times , but i thought he 's just got something in his throat . 
  my son ( who is home with him all day ) did n't alert me to it , but he kept on coughing throughout the day . 
  when i got home , the floor was covered with little ( half-dried ) puddles of phlegm . 
  however , it was too late to go to doctor at that time . 
  he kept coughing throughout the night . 
  tuesday morning i called his usual vet and they agreed to take a look at him in between appointments . 
  they kept him there for the day and in the evening they gave the diagnosis of pneumonia , doxycyclin that i must give him for 15 days twice a day . 
  he was already a bit better ( although he continued to cough , he did n't cough up phlegm puddles ) . 
  wednesday he was just sleeping all day between blankets ( beside two shortish walks ) . 
  he ate only when i fed him from my hand . 
  thursday he was his regular active self again with only a few coughs throughout the day , but still ate only from my hand . 
  clinical signs : it is now sunday , and he is still not eating from his bowl . 
  otherwise he is his regular self , happy and active and playful etc. 
  should i just keep feeding him by hand or should i take him in to be checked by the vet again ? 
  they 're closed today , but there would be option tomorrow . 
  your general location : estonia , europe, 
  i am currently traveling in france and i have only mobile for investigating curious questions we have had , so i hoped you could help with these ... not that i am in a hurry , but still . 
  how much of france 's territory is covered with wineyards ? 
  how does it compare with other countries in this number ? 
  what 's with the popularity of nutella ?
