depending on how big the house is , there should be several litterboxes throughout the house , not just one room . 
  cats need to mark their territory - that includes pooping . 
  you wo n't smell it in litterbox inside good litter , but they will . 
  also , does he ever go to actual litterbox as well or only in other places ? 
  if only other places , you may need to switch litter or try different levels of fill ( some prefer less and some bigger amount of litter in box , just need to try ) . 
  yes/no are good ones too . 
  so versatile !, 
  i know a couple who taught their child this basically very early and although he is now starting to say a few words , you can pretty well understand what he wants . 
  i was babysitting one day and he was able to communicate to me using yes and no that he wants me to read another book instead of the one i was reading . 
  i can confirm that cats also worked great for this in my anecdotal case . 
  especially for the autistic kid . 
  my goal is mostly health , strength , general fitness . 
  i have a sit-down job , so i need strong muscles to support my back to avoid back pain . 
  i also just enjoy feeling strong and being able to do the occasional garden work/home reorganizing etc without too much trouble and having to ask for help . 
  also , i 've found that when i work out , my feet are n't that damned cold all the time :d, 
  i know the start needs to be very light intensity - but how do i know what is light enough ? 
  as my goal is health , my biggest fear is always hurting myself with either overtraining or injuries ... 
  thanks !, 
  that 's just the kind of specific advice i was hoping for . 
  about 25 % ... yikes , but guess it needs to be that low . 
  i am 35 , f and ( used to ? ), 
  look good . 
  i am not diagnosed and i have learned to manage my traits so well that nobody would probably actually diagnose me - but if i had known to consider this , i probably would have been diagnosed in childhood . 
  this is my experience with relationships :, 
  * diagnosed borderline disorder, 
  * diagnosed bipolar disorder, 
  * lover to a very quirky man , probable undiagnosed asperger 's, 
  * tons of obsessive crushes, 
  * many nt internet dates with 1-2 months of dating after, 
  i work in it , am fairly unsocial , single mother - several things that put men off . 
  however , the few men i have gotten actually close to seem to praise exactly the things that / u/petvetbr brings out ( however sexist they sound ) . 
  now i am single again so what can i say ? 
  nothing encouraging . 
  just adding my opinion that there are many subdiagnostic or undiagnosed aspies out there and they tend to match better with me than nts . 
  take a specific beginner program ( see sidebar --  ) to start out best . 
  or take / u/wendy _ stop_that advice and get an introductory session with a pt . 
  i personally started by having my then-boyfriend show me a few moves the first session and then reading up on starting strength and then doing that program for a while . 
  the weights at the start are very small as your body does n't know how to do the exercises yet , but it will be going up pretty quickly at first ( in case you have your sleep , food and regular exercise in order ) . 
  so does my mister : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsruggjapte, 
  heavier cats may find wood pellets painful . 
  mine loved pine pellets as a kitten , but started to misbehave around toilet when he grew up . 
  changed back to clay-based and the problem was solved . 
  now i have found a product where the wood is pressed into smaller bits , similar to the clay-based litters , and that has been the best of all for us . 
  the product is cat 's best \u00d6ko plus , one site i found is http://quadrantpets.co.uk/product/cats-best-oko-plus-clumping-wood-cat-litter/ , but i do n't know if it is available in us . 
  they also have visa or mastercard credit card option . 
  strange , right when i wrote this message i was buying a ticket and the last choice was most definitely mastercard/visa credit card ... 
  it came pretty unexpectedly for us as well . 
  we have n't taken more videos , but now he is also fetching from atop some cabinets etc , a fun way to play with him every time . 
  came here to say this . 
  the evidence points to genetic origin . 
  the same markers also exist in neurotypical ( `` normal '' ) people ; only when combined do these make for autistic people . 
  you could have done nothing to prevent this from happening , at least not with our current scientific knowledge . 
  by the way , most autistic people consider it an insult that people want to prevent autism from happening so beware about how you word your concerns in their forums . 
  also to consider that autism is not a death sentence . 
  if things are managed right , many autistic people will learn to manage their symptoms so that they can live a very good life . 
  at her age it is still very early to say how problematic anything will be for her . 
  i suggest watching temple grandin , both the movie and her talk on tedx . 
  educate yourself on what autism is and is not ( much information is freely available on the internet ) to be able to provide the best environment for your child and to speak along when speaking to doctors and other people . 
  there is a big amount of misunderstanding out there about this topic among people who do n't have much contact with it - arm yourself also against this with knowledge . 
  what you can start doing right away is providing your child with routines . 
  she might seem to not listen , but many non-communicative autistic children actually do listen and do understand , although they might be unable to answer the way you would understand them . 
  predictable environment lowers their stress levels and allows them to get over their issues more easily . 
  most autistic people also have sensory problems - some of their senses ( hearing , seeing , tactile , taste , smell ) are much more sensitive , some much more low , although there is nothing wrong with corresponding organs . 
  you can start writing down when she is shutting into her own world , what situation is this , is there some noise , lights , taste , smell present ; is she wearing a specific item of clothing ? 
  if you are able to figure out what might hurt her ( sensory overload feels painful ) , you can try and eliminate this from her life and she 'll be able to function better . 
  as a fellow single parent of an autistic child , i wish you strength to deal with the challenges that this brings !, 
  i took nia shanks as my inspiration and i do n't track at all any more . 
  sure , i wo n't get down < 15 % body fat that way , but that would be unhealthy anyway . 
  check out http://www.niashanks.com/sane-and-simple-nutrition-guide/ - that 's reference to her book , but the main points are listed on this very same page if you are not interested in buying it . 
  * eat minimally processed foods most of the time, 
  * eat my favorite `` treats '' and not-so-healthy foods 100 % guilt free when i wanted them, 
  * listen to my body -- eat when hungry and stop when satisfied, 
  * do n't have any `` forbidden '' or `` off limit '' foods, 
  i always heard it 's the dumbest person ... because the smarter ones move out of the smoke . 
  i must add that i 've had trouble relating to dogs of my friends/anyone i visited all the time . 
  they are just so different . 
  i can understand cats just fine and i think they are much more attached to people than people seem to claim all the time ... 
  dogs seem to be so abrupt and in your face all the time , i ca n't imagine living with this . 
  we probably need a calmer type of dog ... 
  i know that it is usually the parent who will end up doing majority of work with the dog , and secretly i am fine with that . 
  speaking to my son , we have an agreement in place that we will split the tasks in half - we did it for the cat as well , worked fine , mostly . 
  i want him to learn responsibility as well as those other things . 
  oh , i know that i should be ready to do all the work , and i think it is just fine . 
  i still hope that our agreement with him holds , that he will do half the work ... 
  it mostly worked with the cat . 
  i do n't think it will be very specific breed when i will be adopting from a shelter - real breeds are very rare in shelters around here , as much as i have seen , it 's mutts , and mostly big dogs . 
  but of course , a mix of those , somebody not too high-energy and allows cuddling would be nice . 
  of course we will talk to shelter workers about personalities of the dogs they have there . 
  i will be looking for dog training classes in my area . 
  my worry is that we wo n't be able to handle the dog until we get there !, 
  i am actually watching zak george and kikopup videos already - i think it is easier to actually see the dogs move and react than to just read about it . 
  daily i will have half an hour in the morning and hour or two in the evening to spend with the dog . 
  my son will be home earlier even during the winter so he will be able to walk the dog during the daytime as well , if that is necessary . 
  i actually think that somebody fostering a dog must have a much better grasp of training and dog behaviors , as they often get a dog that has not had the benefit of a shelter worker/foster home to calm them down after conditions that might have not been good for a dog to live in ( before they got into the shelter ) . 
  there are not many shelters in my area so it 's not that much up to my choice of shelter - more luck in where there happens to be a dog which would suit our family . 
  what do you use bitter apple spray for ? 
  i think i recognize the need for the other things , but that 's a new thing for me ... 
  he 's so high-functioning that he actually got the diagnosis only last year . 
  his meltdowns are mostly shutdowns where he just curls up and does nothing , as if he does n't even hear , and they happen rarely now that we know what gets him over the edge . 
  that said , your list of things not to do is very helpful for me as well !,
