  * listen to my body -- eat when hungry and stop when satisfied, 
  * do n't have any `` forbidden '' or `` off limit '' foods, 
  great job !, 
  can you also elaborate what is/was your plan for getting there ? 
  my mom is obese and trying to lose and she is often asking for my support , although i have never been very overweight , my goals are more or less strength instead , so it 's difficult for me to help her . 
  what would be your suggestions ? 
  i know that weight loss is mostly about nutrition , and as i mentioned , she 's got it covered currently . 
  she has never done resistance training and asked my help to find what she could do in the gym in the video . 
  she would n't know if she enjoys strength training if she has never done it before , right ? 
  no spin class - it 's not possible with her budget . 
  no group run-walking - it 's not enjoyable with the weather we have 9 months out of the year . 
  so what kind of weight circuit should this be at the gym ? 
  suggested plans ? 
  i was looking at ss and sl , but i have my doubts because of not enough small plates in the gym and i 'm afraid she might find this intimidating to start out with as well . 
  maybe she would do it with me , but i 'm not sure she would continue bench pressing if there are only other teachers present ... 
  as i mentioned , she currently has a nutrition plan that seems to be working for her . 
  unfortunately she does n't have access to a swimming pool . 
  there are some spas in the area where she will be working starting from september , but they are crazy expensive , do n't have a decent swimming pool and she is flat out embarrassed to go somewhere public in a swimming suit . 
  so basically any routine with all parts of the body covered would do ? 
  then it would be pretty simple , i think . 
  not many machines to work with in that gym . 
  no leg press for example . 
  i think i will have to get her to do box squats ( to the bench ) with goblet hold or something like that ? 
  it 's a great routine , i 'll probably do something similar - need to check her abilities first to be sure she can do it . 
  thanks !, 
  yes , walking is great , and she has been doing it , but the weather that we have 9 months out of the year just is n't enjoyable to walk in , and around 4 months of it would be downright dangerous for being slippery . 
  she will be of course walking around the school all day , so this is something already ... 
  i want to give her some form of accomplishment and a light enough strength routine could give that to her . 
  strength routines can be adjusted easily for how strenuous they are - just grab a lighter weight !, 
  you will learn wrong movement patterns if you learn squat in the smith 's machine . 
  you may end up hurting yourself . 
  strongly recommended rather even do it with dumbbells than with smith 's machine . 
  both . 
  something similar happened to me once . 
  i had been working on a project for a year , really excited about it . 
  the project won the award of top projects or something . 
  they were inviting the ones to be awarded up at our company christmas party , but did n't invite me . 
  my mood was ruined and i left the party , i felt down for quite a long time ... and one fine day , some time after christmas , the hr woman comes up to me and says : sorry , you actually were on the list , i even told the ceo that i am also there while he was reading the recipients , but he responded all the time `` i ca n't see her name here ! '' . 
  he has poor eyesight and refuses to wear glasses , so ... 
  anyway , i received my award , a gift certificate , secretly like this but i did n't feel much pleasure from this at all . 
  it 's pretty good in kopli these days . 
  i recently had to move there and was anxious about it , but it turned out to be much nicer than i expected . 
  of course there are occasional bums or just drunks around , but i think city center is even worse with these . 
  my american ex-boyfriend had to be told not to offer handshake outside of business context - but accept if offered . 
  it 's not that usual to shake hands in friendly context . 
  yep , that 's depending on circle a lot , but that is very difficult for the foreigner to know somehow . 
  less awkward is just to only accept shaking hands if offered , and not push it on others . 
  ... in some circles , not in others . 
  `` if you keep squatting heavy like that , you 'll have trouble finding partners to wrestle with in bed , if you know what i mean ... '', 
  i had a similar problem with my rescue ( ~ 1yo medium-sized high-energy dog , a mix of unknown breeds ) . 
  i regularly walk with him for an hour in the morning and more in the evening , depending on how much time i have ; my son plays with him during daytime ( tug , fetch ) ; i train basic commands with him at least once a day ( sometimes it is during the walk ) ; we do agility on weekends . 
  a dog park is near us so we visit it often during our regular walks . 
  he started playing with the leash at three specific times :, 
  * when we had just left the home for whatever ( and i was closing up/locking the door ) ;, 
  * when we saw a dog he wanted to play with and the dog 's owner would n't let it happen ;, 
  * near home , when coming home from * longer * walks ( for example , during the weekend , after agility sessions etc ) . 
  i summarized it for myself that these are times when he is most * excited * . 
  for us it helped to make these times very training-like . 
  i would take his treats ( or just his meal that he would get after the walk ) with me . 
  before going out the door have him sit and wait until i get out and tell him to come - and treat . 
  then have him sit and wait again until i have locked the door and ready to go . 
  treat and let 's go . 
  treat a few times after a few steps of all 4 paws on the ground and no pulling . 
  during the walk i am always on the lookout for other dogs . 
  whenever i see one , i have my pup sit and ask the owner already from far away if it would be okay for them to say hi . 
  i treat mine continuously for sitting still . 
  if they allow , i let them say hi ( and this is his biggest reward ever , i have n't seen him get enough of playing with any dog ) . 
  if they wo n't or if they have had enough time , i call him to come and treat well . 
  if they do n't allow , then call him to come a different direction than where the dog is , and treat well . 
  when coming home , i start training mode from far away . 
  treats for walking beside me , sometimes have him sit and wait for a while , sometimes have him touch my hand , look at me , etc basic obedience . 
  it tends to calm him down . 
  again , when we get to our door , i have him sit and wait until i have opened the door and gone in , and only then call him to come in as well . 
  of course at first i had to repeat the order a few times so he would n't get impatient , sometimes treat and repeat the order . 
  disclaimer : i am no dog training expert , that 's actually my first dog and i 've had him only since july , but this is what helped us . 
  the thing is , i do n't necessarily ask just for my dog , just what are the most common problems that could be easily prevented . 
  i think i am on top of things with him , but then again , this is my first dog and i might just not know . 
  so from what you are saying , i gather that if i keep the recommended vaccinations up to date as well as parasite prevention , and give him good food then everything else is unpreventable ? 
  it 's just that my dog has no breed , my location would be just a nowhere for you ( estonia ) . 
  he is generally completely fine and if he would n't be , i would just turn towards his local vet anyway . 
  just thinking there must be some general things that i might not think of when i 'm new as being dog owner . 
  and by keeping the question generic it could be helpful to all others as well . 
  this thread has already pointed out that i should start brushing his teeth - i did n't know this before . 
  so i understand that just giving the dog bones and dried pig ears and whatnot to chew on is not enough and they should regularly get their teeth cleaned with toothbrush and paste in addition ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  i can brush , i do n't think it would be a problem ( he pretty much lets me do anything with him , although he wriggles to play a bit ) . 
  he just loves to chew on things , so i 've rather provided him with chew things ( both dried animal bits bought from shops and bones from my own meals ) and thought it would be enough . 
  if it 's not , i will get toothbrush and paste as well and start doing this . 
  also , i did n't know that bones may be dangerous to dogs - my parents have always given all the leftover bones to their dog to chew on , so i thought this is what is normal to do . 
  so no bones to him any more , got it . 
  i have tried different things , each worked for a while ... and now i 've gotten into the habit and do n't need these any more !, 
  schedule in the workouts to your calendar . 
  i use google calendar , but any calendar app goes . 
  when you ca n't go on a certain date , do n't delete this workout - just change its date . 
  you rather do your workouts or otherwise you end up having to work out every day !, 
  i have a task list app on my phone with possibility to add `` repeating '' tasks . 
  so i have set the things i am trying to make into a habit as repeatable tasks for the given day . 
  there 's some definite satisfaction in being able to check it done if i have done it - and definite feeling of disappointment if i have to do it without actually having done the task . 
  for a while i was using physical card - divide it into sets of boxes , each with a date in it ( referring to workout days , if it 's workout habit ) and draw an x into the box each time i complete the task . 
  you really do n't want to ruin the combo of having all the boxes crossed , do you ?
