  to test if the pan is hot enough , wet your hand and drip a bit on the pan . 
  if it sizzles , it 's hot enough . 
  should n't drip that much that it does . 
  at least that is how i test it always . 
  john : also juss , juku, 
  finland is like a brother - we mock them , but actually love them . 
  russia is kind of scary , like the other commenter mentioned , but they have also produced lots of significant high-quality culture so i feel kind of sorry for them as well that they feel the need to act the way they are . 
  and latvia is just there . 
  it 's a neighbor . 
  i want good stuff for them , but to be honest , do n't really care that much . 
  i love salmiakki and many other people do as well ... 
  but not as many as in finland . 
  i autopay most regular payments to make sure i always pay on time and do n't have to pay any interest on delays . 
  i also have set up a ( free ) notification on e-mail from bank whenever the payment happens ( or does n't for some reason ) . 
  whenever it does , i 'll mark it down in dollarbird . 
  i check each bill as they come and protest if there is something wrong . 
  i do it this way because it would be worse if i forgot to pay any of those ( i have some depression periods where i have difficulties doing even the most critical tasks ) than the loss in case someone takes more than they should . 
  having notifications whenever autopayments go makes sure i do n't miss them from writing down . 
  i still have to look at every payment , but sometimes i do it a few days later than the payment actually is . 
  i 'm just never late on my bills . 
  one thing that may help is if he just does n't have all these toys but that you make sure you spend at least half an hour with him every day , playing with these - exhausting him in a way . 
  of course it may just be that this is early in his adoption and he 's affectionate and grateful , but it 's worth a try . 
  i also lived in kopli for a year and it was n't as bad as i was afraid it would be . 
  of course i was on erika street , not very deep in kopli , so that may be a reason . 
  there sure were bums , but i 've seen just as many bums in the city center , if not more . 
  there were many russians , but there were also many estonians . 
  i spoke to many people as i was walking my dog , and all people , regardless of nationality , were very friendly towards me . 
  the only problems i had there was that some people considered it normal to smoke in the corridor and some people thought that stairways are good places to have a drinking party during summer on friday and saturday nights . 
  i would start training a set routine before going in . 
  like walking beside you , sitting every once in a while , having his attention all that time . 
  is it okay for you if half the pay is in cash ( under the counter ) ? 
  kiss-kiss in estonian is actually `` puss-puss '' like calling a cat . 
  kiisu is kitty ... 
  i also have a very vocal and excitable dog . 
  for us it helps to have a routine where it 's not just about me getting ready , but also about him sitting in a specific spot while i do . 
  he used to start whining as soon as i started putting clothes on for going outside , but then i started putting him in sit/stay and rewarding him with treats for being quiet . 
  when we get out the door , i first have him sit and treat him and only then i will close the door and lock it . 
  also , going down , we stop and check in on each floor similarly ( i live on 5th floor with no elevator ) . 
  before , he would whine all the way down , but now he 's pretty calm . 
  it seems like if he knows exactly what is expected of him , he is calmer and more quiet . 
  maybe something similar would help you as well ? 
  i actually remember reading a study which found that the clothes you wear affect your abilities to do certain cognitive tasks . 
  not sure about how serious it was etc , but it gave me a wow moment ... 
  if they have to tell you that they 're your friend , they are n't . 
  pain and suffering that happens before i actually die . 
  i 'm not scared of being dead . 
  i am not afraid of dying in my sleep , i am not afraid of consequences of my death or what happens after ( i imagine it is just like being asleep - you really do n't have a knowledge of existing any more ) . 
  they will most likely stay a distinct species , different from wolves in some regards , similar in others . 
  look up jackson galaxy on youtube and watch some episodes of my cat from hell . 
  you will understand cats and how to take care of them much better after doing so . 
  for night-time rowdyness it may help you to develop sleepytime routine : play ( until exhaustion ) , eat , ( hygiene ) , sleep . 
  it 's supposed to be the normal order of things for cats and it could help him to calm down at that time . 
  yes , maybe try / r/nostupidquestions ? 
  i am from tallinn and so far i have had a hard time finding great places to visit in helsinki . 
  so far i have actually only liked kiasma ... 
  anything else you would recommend ? 
  i will be showing around helsinki and tallinn for my foreign friend the next weekend so any great ideas would be welcome , 
  i was down a whole day once when i had a dream that i had a daughter , but i was homeless and i could n't feed her and she died of the cold and hunger ... 
  http://www.360.ee used to have things like bearwatching day trips , but right now i only seal watching trips . 
  do n't hesitate to contact them and ask about what 's coming up - they 've been pretty good at answering to me before . 
  i was 7-12yo and my parents took me with them to the events . 
  i remember waving the blue-black-white flag and being very proud - although i do n't remember what event it was . 
  i remember my granny made me and my sister dresses with blue-black-white color scheme and we were almost afraid to wear them . 
  i remember taking part in the baltic chain . 
  i remember standing in singing field and holding hands with stranger , waving and singing `` koit '' and `` mu isamaa mu \u00f5nn ja r\u00f5\u00f5m '' and others . 
  i did n't understand all the details of what was going on , but i sensed the fear , the pride , the overwhelming joy . 
  i loved all of this , patriotism was embedded into my very being through these events . 
  i still cry hearing some of those songs and i still visit laulupidu and tantsupidu . 
  it was n't meant to be, 
  actually , quite a few apartment owners have no problem with repainting the walls etc , if you agree with them about it first . 
  not necessarily - it depends how much has been done to renovate the building . 
  the best way to be sure about the cost of utilities is to request to see a few actual bills ; and at least one of them should be from february , which tends to be the coldest month . 
  so far , in my experience , apartment owners are happy to oblige because they do n't want you to take on something you can not afford , and thus , not be able to pay . 
  `` m\u00e4e '' means hill or mountain . 
  lasna does n't really mean anything ( i think ? 
  ) , but must means black . 
  mustam\u00e4e is pretty ok , if you do n't mind commie blocks ( as it is * mostly * commie blocks - but not only ! ) . 
  less russians than lasnam\u00e4e or p\u00f5hja-tallinn and i think much cleaner as well . 
  as much as i have seen , there is no place in tallinn where you can completely avoid any of those - commie blocks ( even n\u00f5mme has a few ) , some russians , some druggies - but mustam\u00e4e is pretty good area as they come . 
  but even then , i would n't say there are any no-go zones in tallinn . 
  i have walked around in practically all the districts alone at night and rarely felt threatened ( i 'm a woman , i believe pretty ok-looking ) . 
  i have lived in lasnam\u00e4e , i have lived in p\u00f5hja-tallinn - and all i got out of it was some practice with russian language . 
  n\u00f5mme is actually older district , but with lots of private houses . 
  it used to be a separate town before tallinn grew to envelop it . 
  actually , they do it with livestock . 
  i have listened to a few temple grandin 's talks , and she often mentions that she is actually worried about that . 
  there have been pigs selected for more muscle mass that end up being mean ; there have been cows selected for higher milk production who end up being lame ; chickens bred to be egg-laying machines that look like skeletons ... 
  you always have that chance , even with puppy from pedigree parents . 
  simple . 
  i 'm no linguist , but it has always seemed that it is easier to create more complex sentences in estonian , without them becoming confusing . 
  i just heard the other day that in absolute numbers the figure is the same - it 's just that there is more total people , so the percentage is smaller . 
  i 'm not saying they are from developed countries and i applaud the success of those people to get out of the extreme poverty . 
  still the plight of the same number of people should be as relevant as it was back when the overall number of people was less . 
  having grown up in soviet estonia , i say this is a misconception . 
  it 's not like we did n't have food - we had food , but only what was made in ussr , grown in our fields . 
  it was bland , tasted bad and had less diversity . 
  only when the economy was totally blown at the end were there so many problems getting food like all of you talk about here . 
  yeah , there were no bananas , avocados , paprika , cashews , almonds , quinoa , pasta ( well we had local pasta , but this tasted like boiled flour , you ca n't imagine how bad that was ) , sushi , barbecue sauces , yogurts , etc. 
  we did have potatoes , turnips , carrots , cabbage , beets , onions , tomatoes , cucumbers , apples , pears , meats , bread , sausages , cheese , milk ... people were n't exactly starving , we were just lacking quality and diversity . 
  roll of small plastic bags .
