  the cat actually let him do practically anything with her so he will need to learn to notice signs of discomfort in dog as well as just learn to act around one . 
  good to hear that the same training methods will work on an adult . 
  i already had found the videos of kikopup and zak george before i posted here , but there are so many to go through and they are so disorganized ... 
  i did n't see any programs for school children in the shelters i looked at in my area , but i 'll ask about it when we go to look at the dogs they have this weekend . 
  i do n't think therapy dogs even exist in our country ( not us nor uk ) , unfortunately , they are still learning to recognize that children other than rain man-like may have autism ... 
  not in the us , unfortunately ... and the choice of dogs in shelter does seem to be more towards the bigger and more active ones , as much as i have seen ... maybe we will have to wait a bit longer , but it has to be the right dog for us , so we can be the right family for the dog . 
  that 's encouraging , thank you !, 
  as for routine , this is part of my secret agenda for getting a dog . 
  autistic people may do well on a routine , but teenagers do not like to have a routine even if they are autistic and would do better with it !, 
  so i hope that stressing that the dog needs routine , making him provide this routine , my son might pick up a bit more of a routine himself . 
  as for training , i absolutely agree with positive reinforcement - for anyone , be it dogs , kids or other animals - and i have found zak george and kikopup videos , suggested by few of the other responders as well . 
  i 'm located in estonia . 
  it has taken them a bit of time to turn around from soviet time system of `` we do n't have disabled people '' to actually start considering them human ... that 's a whole different rant , 
  thank you !, 
  i am also going through doubts - that 's why i made this post - about if i am ready or not . 
  i think the best test would be to actually go to a shelter and try and interact with the dogs and see if i like it - and if they like it . 
  usually it seems that dogs like me much more than i like them haha . 
  i understand that small dogs are the same amount of work as big dogs , that 's not why i am going for a small one . 
  i just do n't feel like having a big dog in an apartment is right . 
  i ca n't have a playpen big enough for it , i would need a special bath to wash it ( we just have a shower so it should be fine with a small dog , but big one would n't fit in there ) and then this big bowl would have to be somewhere when not in use . 
  i have to be economical with space here . 
  so i think i will stay with a small one . 
  yes , i have indeed thought that i will be adopting . 
  i do n't even mind if it would n't be very young ( although i would n't take a dog who is already old and fragile as well ) . 
  the main thing is that it would get along well with us and be able to behave . 
  the choices where i am at are not that diverse as they are in us . 
  it is rare for people to even have a dog of specific breed and the shelters around me reflect that - it 's mostly mutts there with a few german shepherds mixed in . 
  it is also much more costly to actually get a dog of specific breed here , it would most likely have to be imported from another country ... 
  i 'll just go with a mutt that seems to have a suitable personality . 
  thank you , ordered the book !, 
  seems like a great read on the topic . 
  my current plan of walking is me in the morning and him ( and maybe me , at least in the beginning ) in the evening . 
  in the beginning also once around lunchtime or any time it whines to get out - my son is at home all the time and i may work from home at first as well so it would be possible . 
  yes , i 've learned about it in videos on youtube - zak george and kikopup mostly . 
  they have so many videos that i have n't been able to look through all of them yet , but i am all for positive reinforcement and no punishments . 
  i would n't do it to my son , why should i do it to my dog , then ... 
  i do n't really have friends with dogs , not in my area ... one coworker brings his dog to work all the time , i might ask him for it some time , although we are not very close with him so i 'm not sure if it would be appropriate ... 
  all this autism thing is pretty new to us ( he just got diagnosed last year ) , so far i have not found information about support groups other than a forum . 
  where it comes to people with dogs , then i really do n't know many in my area . 
  however , i am certain that i could have my parents or my sister watch the dog if i am away for longer - they already babysit my son and both of them have had dogs in past ( my sister had a dog with her ex , but it stayed with the ex when they separated ) and should be able to take care of it . 
  you can only support the change if someone wants to change themselves , but you can not make them change . 
  aww , have n't had anyone said it to me so long , thank you !, 
  i have considered this , but i am actually not sure where to find any ( not us ) . 
  as i explained , i would really like to try and find a way to make this one work out for me as it is really in a convenient place and my time is limited . 
  if you are a single parent of an autistic teenager , working full time and taking care of his dog , then any minute a day is a win . 
  just googling revealed nothing . 
  but i found a forum of local powerlifters and asked the question there - they were able to send me to the right place , 
  will do it . 
  as seen above , i found a place where they sell those in my country and will buy some . 
  will do it . 
  i 'm not sure , if you will check back on this comment without a reply ... 
  but for me the general recommendation was to buy some smaller plates myself and take them to the gym with me . 
  solves the issue without having to alter the program . 
  me and my son ( 13 ) moved back in with my parents for a year and it worked well enough . 
  we were pretty happy during that year ; but we were even happier when we finally were able to move out . 
  my biggest concern was that my son ( who is overweight and stress-eater ) will be eating all their sugar and cookies and candy ( as before we just did n't have any at our home at other times besides parties or other special events ) . 
  however , we were able to compromise that they were still able to have some in their house , but almost never on the table - and my son understood that he is allowed only to take it if it is on the table . 
  he sometimes still took them , but not as often as i was afraid he would . 
  my recommendations : have a good discussion right from the start about the parenting rules . 
  make sure that you will have your own space where they will not enter without knocking and you have the right to decline their entrance at any time . 
  be ready to reiterate rules and remind them that you are the parents and you set the rules in that . 
  it may have to be a compromise somewhat so consider before moving where you draw the line in each of the rules . 
  also be sure to discuss who pays for what while you 're staying there beforehand ; and who makes the dinner ; who is responsible for your daughter at each point of time . 
  thank you , i was n't aware of / r/puppy101 - i 'll check it out . 
  i am a new dog owner and this is the first i have heard of this being an inhumane practice and illegal in a lot of countries . 
  can you provide sources ? 
  i have not been in mental ward nor had cbt . 
  instead , i stumbled upon a great jungian psychotherapist 13 years ago when i was almost unable to cope with my life ( freshly finished uni , freshly mother , freshly single , no idea about my non-nt status , post-partum depression on top of my already anxiety-ridden and depressive mindset etc ) . 
  it took more time and effort , but i attribute to that therapy my recovery and actual ability to handle life now very well , although life gives me a nut after a nut to be cracked . 
  my therapist also gave me [ link to a study about the efficacy of their type of therapy ] ( https://www.apa.org/pubs/journals/releases/amp-65-2-98.pdf ) and that convinced me that it is actually much better than cbt . 
  of course , with a grain of salt - do what works for you . 
  i 'm sorry i can not offer you advice . 
  i have been dealing with this since my kid was a baby and nothing has helped . 
  yeah , of course his first doctor did n't help either , with saying that once he starts x ( crawling/walking/growing / etc ) he 'll get out of it . 
  he did n't and now he is 13 and in 95th percentile and nothing i have done towards it has helped . 
  we eat very healthy at home , i try to get him out to exercise ( but of course , he resists any exercise - at least now he 's walking the dog once a day for 15 minutes or so ) . 
  so from a similar position , i want to say : just hang in there , just keep trying . 
  not everything good we try to impart on our children will work out , all we can do is our best . 
  on a different note - do you have a list of all links to the published interviews with autistic people somewhere ? 
  for me it was when the 2008 ( ? ), 
  economic downturn started . 
  i suddenly realized that i had taken the economic situation for granted ( thinking my salary would only grow all the time ) and i was terrified of being one of the people who lose their job for some reason and then are unable to cope after . 
  i 'm a single mother so statistics say that i am more at risk than average person , too . 
  i was lucky that i never lost my job ( although they did lower my salary at one point ) , but this fear got me through to where i have my emergency fund of 5 months and able to grow it consistently ; almost no loans any more and even a little investment plan starting up . 
  so no personal low , but realizing the world is a scary place . 
  / r/fitness30plus seconded . 
  the older you get , the more you have to focus on warmups , mobility exercises and good form . 
  you do n't need to give up strength training as this is actually beneficial against several aging-related problems . 
  you may need to consider progressing slower , though . 
  also , a trip to physio might be good . 
  now that we seem to be on strange icecream wave , let 's add garlic icecream in balthasar . 
  51 of 75 , higher than 1.94 % of others . 
  i do have problem remembering faces , there have been some awkward situations before where i introduce myself to someone and i find out that we have met before and had long discussions ... 
  if they mention the context in which i met them , i might remember , but too often , i draw a blank . 
  i am even more terrible at remembering names if i have only heard the name ( it 's different when i have seen it written ) . 
  so , often i just play along as if i know the names and just avoid using names at all . 
  i have not tracked for more than a year now . 
  trying to follow sane and simple rules by nia shanks ( without actually buying the book , which is available [ here ] ( http://www.niashanks.com/sane-and-simple-nutrition-guide/ ) ) :, 
  * eat minimally processed foods most of the time, 
  * eat my favorite `` treats '' and not-so-healthy foods 100 % guilt free when i want them,
