  this way , if you switch a page in your copy of the contract so it would have a more favorable clause in it ( for example ) , the other party can refer to their copy and see that the clause is different ; and your fake contract would n't have their signature on it ( or it would be falsified , which is a crime ) . 
  i have found this one to be pretty good guide : http://www.precisionnutrition.com/calorie-control-guide-infographic, 
  as for eating meat or not , that is such a personal question that you 'll have to decide for yourself . 
  some argue for , some against . 
  as for how many meals per day/week - eat when you 're hungry , do n't eat when you are not hungry . 
  enjoy your food and do n't overcomplicate things . 
  check out jackson galaxy on youtube , he has several videos about how to act with a cat . 
  in fact , watch [ 4 ways to tell your cat `` i love you !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erjxwatvpi8 ), 
  i have small dog and he is anxious about larger dogs and fireworks . 
  in such situations i have taken him into my arms to keep him running away with panic . 
  now it seems to me that he asks to be taken in my arms sometimes , even in non-threatening situations ( for example , when i 'm coming home from work and sit on the couch ; or when i am very upset about something myself ) . 
  so he comes sits on my lap ( if i 'm standing up , he jumps on his hind legs until i take him ) , he presses the back of his head against my neck , licks my face , etc. . . 
  is this him showing affection or is it a trained behavior ( as in trained from keeping him out of danger in situations where he has been anxious before ) ? 
  some women can think themselves to orgasm so it may happen ... 
  depending on their mindset . 
  recently someone shared a link for different jaanip\u00e4ev celebrations in viimsi peninsula ( near tallinn ) . 
  these should be the kind of events that locals go to ( unless they rent a cabin somewhere or spend it in their summer house/backyard ) . 
  look only estonian page as there are no events in english for some reason . 
  autotranslate probably helps to choose , 
  it is highly individual , but i have understood that the shape of your breasts is more influenced by body fat percentage than muscle . 
  it is also influenced by how elastic your skin is and how much `` breast tissue '' you have . 
  and also from the individual placement of your breasts related to your pecs - if it is just right , training pecs might make breasts look just a bit perkier and bigger . 
  i can read text that is upside down just as well as i can read it the correct way . 
  it just so happened that i learned to read from my older sister 's book - when she was sitting across the table and would n't let me have the book . 
  and i loved to read . 
  still do . 
  i do n't feel i have the right to give my son less than the best start at life i am able to give . 
  maybe he will find a purpose for himself , i can not rob him of the chance . 
  i 'll be fucked once he gets independent . 
  only works temporarily in my experience . 
  the brothers bloom, 
  seriously , if anyone knows any similar movies , i would appreciate recommendations . 
  it feels like i have been searching for this movie my whole life , and no other movie ever compares . 
  i love the atmosphere , the storytelling , the characters , quotes , open ends , visuals , music ... everything about it !, 
  i also always lock the door even when i am alone . 
  however , once the lock did n't open when i wanted to get out again . 
  i thought i was going to die out of starvation in my own bathroom !, 
  at some point i was still able to open the lock , though , but i was pretty scared for the night i spent in my bathroom . 
  i was once trapped in my bathroom for 6 hours ... 
  i was consoling myself that at least i would n't die of thirst !, 
  strong enough that i could n't break it down . 
  believe me , i tried . 
  i recently started reading a book deskbound : standing up to a sitting world by kelly starett . 
  in there , he also talks about how to set up the braced position for standing , walking , etc. 
  it 's a sequence :, 
  stabilize your pelvis in neutral position by flexing your glutes and turning your hips outward . 
  while exhaling , brace the core . 
  organize your ribcage and head in line with your spine , open your shoulders . 
  he also speaks about finding a 20 % flex for everyday life and using more strength only when picking up something heavy etc. 
  of course this is only a very short and maybe not the most exact explanation , but if you are interested in learning this , i do suggest you read the book . 
  it has helped me a lot . 
  i am currently on 4-day music festival with concerts lasting from 2pm to 1am and i have stood all the time during concerts ( only sitting down to eat ) . 
  my son also suddenly started to refuse to get up in the mornings at some point ... 
  some time later , we found out he has a form of autism that only expressed in his teenage years . 
  i really could not do anything about it until i understood he had such an anxiety about going to school that he could n't get up in the morning , and if he forced himself , he would vomit . 
  he 's been home-schooled for two years now and we will try again to get him into school with a special-ed school starting this school year . 
  all i 'm saying that do n't dismiss such claims too easily . 
  i was also first told by the school psychologist that i should punish him at home ( by taking away his favorite things , not giving him presents for christmas etc ) until he feels so bad at home that he 'd rather be at school . 
  of course , things like that only made his situation worse . 
  my mother used to tell about how me and my sister watched cartoons - my sister would laugh wholeheartedly , while i was crying my eyes out - because somebody , during situational comic a la tom and jerry , got hurt . 
  always hated this . 
  another thing i hate is whenever someone is put into uncomfortable position for comedy . 
  at one time , my sister and neighbor girl made fun of a girl who lived near us by telling her that we 'll be having a masquerade party , but nobody else dressed up , only she came as pinocchio ... 
  i hate these kinds of situations so much !, 
  i feel as if i am the one being put into this position , every time !, 
  hate comedies because of it . 
  ( i 'm also undiagnosed , and not seeking diagnosis , but having read a lot about it because my son is diagnosed pdd-nos , i believe i am on the spectrum ) . 
  thanks for posting this !, 
  it was as if reading about my own life !, 
  when my sister died ( when i was 15 ) , i run away from home not because i was do distressed ... 
  i was so embarrassed that i could n't cry for her death instead !, 
  in the end , i was only able to cry when i actually saw her body . 
  good !, 
  just the way it was worded resonated with my experience probably !, 
  my son has add ( attention deficit disorder without hyperactivity ) and he 's on concerta . 
  if you need to go above 54mg , then you 'll probably have to start taking two 36mg pills a day just like my son does . 
  however , it depends on your weight if you are allowed to take a number of mg/day ( kg = mg , for example , if you are at least 72kg you may probably take 2x36mg = 72mg/day ) . 
  anyway , talk to your doctor to be sure , some health conditions may change this calculation . 
  i do n't know about other medicines available for this in estonia , again , your doctor will help with this . 
  however , the word is that it 's better to go to younger doctors as older ones may be a bit more conservative about medicine use . 
  what have you tried ? 
  maybe you need to try something you have n't tried yet ? 
  it was like this for me . 
  i hated phys ed in school , but as an adult i started exercising by myself ( doing weightlifting , running etc - but always alone ) then i found i enjoyed it . 
  i just needed to be able to compare myself only to my own past self and i enjoyed the feeling of being able for itself , outside of any change in appearance or winning a record time etc. 
  is n't this ocean/water current not air current ? 
  air is warmed because of this , of course , but the warmth itself comes from water . 
  there may be an underlying reason . 
  any time your body behaves unexpectedly , it is a good time to check that it does n't have a malicious cause somehow . 
  man , i wish i was an alcoholic so i could stop drinking so i could get these improvements !, 
  so far it seems like whatever i do , exercise , healthy eating , meditation , nothing really works ... 
  then maybe try something different ? 
  weightlifting , martial arts , climbing , dancing ... whatever strikes your fancy , these days it is easy to find information on internet how to start or most probably even a class to teach you . 
  these are not the only options - i just listed a few diverse choices off the top of my head . 
  just try something different . 
  think about all the choices . 
  well , his school arrangement is not traditional in that sense , he already has accommodations made for him . 
  he has his own classroom ( only he uses it , he does n't need to go to different rooms all the time , it is in a smaller house not the main school building ) and it 's always just him and the teacher . 
  he will only be having 10 lessons/week at school during this coming year ( others will still be kind of home-school ) .
