  have children put their trash in one , if you 're eating something and it might drip , etc. . . 
  needed it numerous times . 
  i actually got this suggestion from a chatty taxi driver at some point , so thanks , wherever you are !, 
  as much as i know it only does e-bills , though ... 
  thank you for the write-up !, 
  i wish i had read this before adopting my rescue , who turned out to be pretty reactive - and he is my first dog ... how familiar were you with dogs/training/reading body language before getting these dogs ? 
  cautionary tale . 
  i also kept my dog 's harness on at all times and did n't see him display any signs of discomfort . 
  only that a few weeks ago i washed him and noticed the harness had irritated the skin so much that it had bled ... be sure to check once in a while . 
  i have a reactive rescue and we live on 5th floor . 
  we meet people , dogs and even cats while we go up or down the stairs . 
  he was lungeing and barking at anyone else in the stairway while we were there . 
  i have gotten this manageable by having high-value treats exclusively for this situation . 
  we have a set routine for going up and down the stairs , where he will be in contact with me basically constantly ( heeling , looking up at me ) . 
  i keep on treating him with regular treats during this time even when other people are not present . 
  whenever we notice someone else , i start treating with high value treats , take him to sit in a corner with me blocking the way towards whoever is passing , constantly treating . 
  in case of another animal , i take him in my arms ( luckily he is small enough and he likes being up there ) . 
  i would n't say it has gotten much better , but his attention is more on me now and not on the `` intruder '' , no barking and no danger any more . 
  hopefully we can start working on it soon with the behaviorist i have been working with on dog-reactivity and sensitivity to abrupt sounds . 
  source : [ euronews ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2017/05/17/which-eu-state-is-the-world-s-heaviest-drinking-country ) via [ who ] ( http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/10665/255336/1/9789241565486-eng.pdf ) ( page 62 ) . 
  credit to https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6bshmz/lithuania_do_you_want_to_talk_about_it_per_capita/ for the idea . 
  no idea , just using this data , 
  it 's absolute alcohol converted into beers . 
  not beers . 
  also , depending on your budget and sensitivity to changes in temperature , you can always supplement it with electrical radiators . 
  in estonia , you actually do n't need to have them with you . 
  any picture id with your ssn is enough . 
  the police takes it back to their car and checks it from their system ; likewise the car license plate . 
  it depends on what public infrastructure is in place and what data the police are able to query from anywhere in the country . 
  finally sleep as much as i want . 
  i am often having dreams about aquariums and fish , beautiful colorful fish . 
  mostly it also involves a catastrophe in their little world - the aquarium getting broken , some fish getting aggressive and eating all the others , some illness taking hold , the aquarium not having been cleaned for so long nobody knows if there 's anything alive in it any more etc. . . and it 's my responsibility , my failure that this catastrophe has happened . 
  at my friend 's house , everybody talked so loud ( when we would talk loud at home , mom would ask how many kilometers away we were to be talking so loud ) and the mother and father used words like stupid and idiot regularly to talk to their children . 
  and the children answered in kind so it was n't abuse or anything , it was just their way of talking to each other . 
  it was fascinating to be there all the time , but i must say that it was also nerve-wrecking - i enjoyed the peace and quiet of our home . 
  i thought so many more things were innate , not learned . 
  for example , i always believed that i can not sing to tune and so the only thing to do is to sing quietly so nobody would hear . 
  or that it is impossible to learn to have normal conversations or if i am bad at sports i can not get any better . 
  really fucked up half of my life . 
  maybe / r/askvet / would be able to answer ? 
  deskbound by kelly starrett says it 's better ; but you have to stand correctly , change positions often enough ( there are a number of good positions ) and take breaks . 
  i am not saying this is the final truth , but the book seems convincing . 
  i walk my reactive dog exclusively on harness and sometimes on extendable leash . 
  he sometimes lunges if i can not notice dogs coming on time . 
  mostly i just invite him further away and it works . 
  i have been training him for 1,5 years now to get over his reactivity and he is doing so much better . 
  i was crying happy tears when my trainer suggested we join a group class that she is teaching so he would see non-reactive dogs in safe environment . 
  harness is better for dogs as their neck/throat area can get permanently damaged if they pull on the leash . 
  and he will pull on the leash sometimes if he is reactive . 
  i do n't get the hate extendable leash gets . 
  you can use it just as safely as non-extendable ones . 
  a lot of people use even the non-extendable ones unsafely , use not just a collar but prong collar etc. . . 
  yes , it 's sad ; but just like it 's wrong to forbid a breed because they are dangerous when untrained , it is just as wrong in my mind to forbid using extendable leash because many people do n't use them safely . 
  um ... wo n't you get towel frozen to the windshield by the morning ? 
  as a single ( reasonably attractive ) woman , i can attest to tallinn being very safe to walk around . 
  of course there is sometimes some catcalling from drunk people , but you ignore them and they will not follow you . 
  of course one should look out not to leave the more expensive belongings very accessible to pickpockets as there are some , especially around more touristy areas , but in general i feel very safe . 
  i am pretty sure you 'll find tallinn affordable and you 'll find work if you are any good as ux designer . 
  in fact , if you decide to come this way , you can pm me for an interview in one of the bigger companies . 
  in it there is serious lack of people here and i am pretty sure that this will continue for a long time ( unless it becomes so bad that estonian companies start offshoring their development ) . 
  it depends a lot on the setting . 
  if you agree to meet a girl for a date , this may actually be ok . 
  if you meet for business/as friends , do not do it . 
  wait for handshake to be offered , do n't offer it yourself , if you want to be on the safe side . 
  same for other physical contacts . 
  no small talk if you do n't have any other ( practical ) reason to spend time together . 
  so , it 's ok to have small talk with other students in your class , but it is getting weird if you try and chat with someone in the same cafeteria line . 
  there are special situations for making contact ( parties , bars etc ) . 
  people who do n't want to be making new friends right at that time just do n't go there . 
  or you find a good excuse to talk to her , like asking if she knows where something is or smth . 
  was on vacation with my family . 
  the night before the night back , i leave my very tired son with my husband and go to the local shop to grab some snacks to have on the way back . 
  among other things i bought a 2-liter water bottle - `` it 's so good to have some water on hand whenever we 'd need it , not have to ask '' . 
  only after my husband asked whether i really understand what i just said with incredulous look , i realized that liquids ca n't come to plane with us ... 
  i like dollarbird . 
  free version is enough for me , too . 
  came here to find this , 
  i 'm 36 . 
  i got my first e-mail address at the university when i went to study computer science there , i got my first mobile phone a year later ... 
  thought xxfitness would be interested . 
  i am 35 f , live 30km away from nearest gym and just ca n't find energy and motivation to work out at home . 
  i have tried to do a bodyweight circuit at home , and lately i have found that even though my muscles seem to have retained strength , my joints get painful and my back hurts . 
  i used to do a mix of bodyweight exercise and heavy lifting ( never got very heavy , not much above bodyweight in deadlifts , only 0.5 bw for bench press , not even a single pullup , etc ) before stopping because of high level of stress in my life . 
  this time is now over with school ending and i have a specific plan - i 'll drop off my son at his father 's this weekend and after that i 'll go to gym . 
  now , i basically want to continue with the same plan as before , so this is not a problem . 
  i ask advice on how to start ... how much do i warm up before exercises ? 
  how do i choose the difficulty for the first workouts ? 
  how often should it be in the beginning - should i start with the 3-a-week plan as before or should it be more often/less often in the beginning ? 
  how do i make sure i do n't overwork ? 
  how do i make sure i will be able to recover from the workouts ? 
  tl ; dr what 's your advice on how to start working out again after a long pause ? 
  for inspiration http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_mental_disorders, 
  and also , fyi , not all people with mental disorders are locked into mental institutions . 
  tl ; dr in the title , but more details here . 
  my son is 13 and has high-functioning autism . 
  it is always recommended for autistic kids to have dogs or cats or at least some kind of a pet to help learn empathy and to socialize them . 
  he has had a very sweet cuddle-cat from when he was 5 , but unfortunately , the cat got lost a month ago and we do n't expect it to turn up again ( probably caught by some wild animal as she was inside/outside and we lived in an area where foxes were seen once in a while ) . 
  he was distraught and says he does n't want a cat any more as having any cat would just remind him of losing this one . 
  that he wants to have a dog instead - so he can go walk with him on a leash and he would n't get away as easily as a cat could . 
  i agree with him so far .
