  thanks !, 
  i was able to agree with him that today he will wash himself thoroughly and on saturday he will show me what 's there and we can take it from there . 
  he did admit at least that there is indeed something wrong so hopefully he 'll come through with this . 
  i also think it may be the psychology that having christmas decorations out reminds people that there are these gift-giving holidays coming , that they need to start thinking of what to give anybody ( soon ) . 
  and maybe when they look at something soon after that , they 'll think about giving it as a gift more likely than if these decorations had n't been out . 
  hopefully spending on other stuff as well besides just christmas decorations . 
  an alternative is that many women wear bikinis to sauna . 
  it depends totally on the person 's comfort level and situation . 
  for example , i am very modest when going to sauna on work event , but at my friend 's place i have met new people of opposite sex while both are naked in the sauna . 
  there are russians working in many fields . 
  i am in it and meet all kinds of professions through my work ... 
  i ca n't think of a place where there were no russians . 
  there are all kinds of people among them . 
  taxi drivers , executives , programmers , project managers , policemen , salesmen , etc etc etc. 
  most of them are well integrated in estonian population . 
  there are requirements for estonian language speaking in many jobs , but legally it is required only of public officials . 
  service sector of course needs employees to speak as many languages as possible , and certainly estonian , russian , probably also english and finnish . 
  true requirement for language in law is only that all advertisements and tv programs need to be translated to estonian if they are originally in some other language . 
  i ca n't see where your gentleman sees that the legislature is made to suit them . 
  family names are same for either gender , first names are mostly specific to a gender , but there is no real rule about what kinds of names are female or male . 
  at least as far as i know . 
  however , if i hear a random name i have never heard before , i mostly have a sense of whether this is male or female name . 
  my dog also is n't interested in his own poop , but horse shit and rabbit droppings that he can find in the forest where we go on walks ... 
  roll around in it , eat it , anything !, 
  i just try to prevent him access , or if he has found some somewhere ( under snow , in the bushes , etc ) , i say drop it and move away from it asap . 
  sometimes he even drops it when i say so ... 
  when my sister died , i saw her in my dreams all the time . 
  and it was always in the context that it was all a ruse and it was a wax shape in the coffin ; and she had been given witness protection for something and i see her by pure accident somewhere ... no closure . 
  it 's been 21 years now ( oh , wow , did n't realize !, 
  makes me feel old ! ), 
  and i do n't see her in my dreams any more . 
  source : http://www.statista.com/graphic/5/444183/beer-excise-rates-europe.jpg, 
  somebody posted this graph yesterday in / r/europe ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5h6ct4/beer_tax_across_eu_nations/ ) . 
  i requested it to be made map , but nobody did ... 
  so i did it myself . 
  one way to become part of the nordics , eh ? 
  i used the exact same title as the image had , that 's why . . 
  i did n't go into so much depth to go checking whether all eu countries have their data here ; or whether all of the countries belong to eu . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty lazy , i have to admit . 
  i have n't read it yet , but kevin mitnick has just published a new book [ the art of invisibility : the world 's most famous hacker teaches you how to be safe in the age of big brother and big data ] ( https://www.amazon.com/art-invisibility-worlds-teaches-brother/dp/0316380504/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1481907578&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=kevin+mitnick+books ) . 
  i have n't bought this one yet only because i want my son to get it for christmas on our kindle account , not earlier ... 
  i heard advice once that when you learn a language , once you know a number of words , get your favorite book in that language and just read it . 
  as you already know the book 's contents , it is easier for you to understand the point , and it being your favorite keeps you going . 
  of course also have a dictionary on hand . 
  find jackson galaxy on youtube . 
  watch all his videos . 
  once you finish , you know better how to take care of cats than most cat owners do . 
  also , you need to include picture of the cutie every time you make a post about him . 
  i think there are several very good suggestions here , but i 'll add my experience , maybe it helps a bit . 
  i got a rescue a bit more than a year ago - very easily excitable , energetic and reactive to dogs and some people ( lucky we do n't have many rabbits here , it would be crazy ! ) . 
  and very sensitive to sounds ( fireworks , louder cars , people walking outside our apartment , etc ) . 
  i was feeling just as stuck with his reactivity for a while , but in the spring i got in contact with a trainer specializing in reactivity around here and i have started to see some progress . 
  first , she had me just spend more time with him . 
  just build our contact and keep his mind stimulated . 
  is there a place where your dog responds to training well ( home for example ? ) ? 
  spend time there doing all kinds of simple tricks ( / r/puppy101 and zakgeorge on youtube are good start ) , learn to play with him , just relax with him . 
  walking beside you is a good thing to teach in advance for situations where you need to pass something he would react to . 
  it helped us to have `` step and sit '' trick - whenever i step forward , he does as well ; whenever i stop , he sits ( and i treat ) . 
  first it was just one step at a time and i gave him the cues as well , but after a while i did n't need cues any more and started taking a few more steps . 
  until he walked beside me very well and whenever i would stop , he would sit , focused on me , waiting for a treat . 
  of course i would release him to sniff around and relax once in a while as well - it is n't a good walk if all the time he needs to walk beside me !, 
  also teach him some cue for turning around and walking in the opposite direction ( i use * turn around ! * ) . 
  also teach him that whenever you say some cue ( i use * let 's go !, 
  * ) he starts moving in the same direction as you , whatever is there . 
  these are helpful to get away whenever you see some trigger and he has n't noticed it/reacted to it yet . 
  another thing you can do to find a release for his hunting drive is to play fetch ( on long line or inside/in some enclosure ) or teach him to search for treats you have tossed on ground . 
  you should do these more or less every day . 
  next see if there are places outside where you can do the same - remember that at first you need to lower the expectations in any new place . 
  make sure you always have treats and a toy with you when you walk with him and try to get contact with him every few minutes . 
  wait around ( somewhere safer ) and wait until he looks at you - treat and praise and play !, 
  if he starts giving you contact sooner , you can make the time between contacts a bit longer , but do n't let it be longer than 15 minutes . 
  the idea is that if he keeps in contact with you , he has an easier time to listen to you whenever something unavoidable happens ; and it also lowers his ( and yours ! ), 
  general stress level . 
  make this fun !, 
  meanwhile , yes , you still need to get past the rabbit field and dogs . 
  whenever possible , avoid them entirely . 
  if not possible , have high-value treats ready and treat continuously while passing ( walking beside is great `` trick '' in this situation ) . 
  on the rabbit field you should even treat while there are no rabbits visible - he can probably smell them and he also knows from previous experience that they are there . 
  just go to the edge of the field , find a place to sit and treat him whenever he looks at you or is calm . 
  after a while he will be a bit calmer while going past/through the field and you can start treating him for staying in contact with you whenever there are visible rabbits . 
  if he ca n't keep in contact , back off to continuous treating . 
  this way you can probably get to a place where you can actually start working the way you have been so far - if he can remain calm in the presence of other dogs or rabbits , treat . 
  if not , move further away and try there . 
  hope this helps !, 
  i would really appreciate pictures of my pets - a cat and a dog , both black so it 's not easy to get good pictures of them ... 
  i sent a message . 
  sorry , could n't get to computer sooner ( or not that sorry , really  ), 
  i do have a public school for special needs children for my son , however no fallback plans and it 's not going too well . 
  but well enough i guess . 
  i have kind of transformed `` my fitness plan '' into relaxing more and doing less . 
  and i think it is almost okay right now . 
  i think i should up the game though . 
  i did finish the 54 book series and read some more books in addition . 
  i did not write any of my book . 
  i think i still do n't understand it well enough and i would need a special time for this . 
  i think i will book a special vacation for this in 2017 . 
  the last one , not that good . 
  learning more about dogs , i have realized that he is also anxious and sensitive and reactive and these are the issues that i have been working on most during this year with him . 
  if i get these corrected ( and it is something that takes a long time ) , the basic commands should come easily enough . 
  he does know all of those commands even now , but because of his fear/anxiety he has trouble responding sometimes .
