  most young people in estonia speak english very well and my american ex actually complained that he had trouble practicing his estonian because everybody would speak english as soon as they understood that he is n't from here . 
  so language probably is n't an issue at all . 
  the child is probably not biologically related to both parents , but most often the case is that the child is biologically related to one of them . 
  for example , someone has a child in straight relationship before coming out as homosexual , and continues to raise that child . 
  there are bisexual people , as well as homosexual people who really tried to be in socially more acceptable relationship before they come out . 
  tbh , i appreciate more that they actually talk about other things besides x-road . 
  there have been too many articles about that . 
  for some reason , i 'm physically attracted to wide hands in men . 
  and i mean actually hands , not forearms ( although i like them , too ) . 
  especially if they are a bit rough and definitely not fat . 
  fat sausage fingers are actually disgusting for me . 
  there is / r/xxloseit , but it 's not really active ... 
  for me it helps to re-frame it . 
  i am not going to `` do a presentation '' , `` perform '' or `` give a speech '' . 
  instead , i will go there and i will just tell them about x and y ( x and y being bulletpoints or topics that should be included ) . 
  i 've seen monkeys eat bananas in every conceivable way - even sideways !, 
  besides , who makes them expert ? 
  i have found that for me it works best to open from the stem side - push a bit with nail and pull to the opposite side . 
  i was actually taught first to open from the other end and it always end up being messy and i need to wash my hands they have sticky banana mush all over them . 
  i would go back into my own childhood . 
  i want to see with grown-up eyes what was really going on . 
  how did it happen that i was always vomiting ( they say it just was like this , the doctors said it was after physical exertion , i actually think i had anxiety-induced vomiting ) ? 
  did my mom really not see how miserable i was , how much my narcissistic older sister oppressed and abused me ? 
  why did they make me change school in 7th grade ( home stayed the same ) ? 
  why did n't they make it work for me to go to art school ( i had to give it up ) ? 
  right now , when i ask , they say they do n't remember why . 
  and i see only two options - either they absolutely did n't care about me or they are still hiding some major things from me , although i am in my thirties already . 
  especially the finale song !, 
  brothers bloom . 
  i love the cast , the music , the atmosphere , the story and the point ... everything !, 
  always getting out of it with renewed enthusiasm to make my life the best story ever lived !, 
  i did the same thing . 
  it ended up being a very private and painful diary about me and his dad breaking up . 
  no way i will ever let him read it !, 
  sometimes i buy icecream or candy or smth and i o n't share it with him . 
  only healthy food at home . 
  my son is obese , i ca n't have any sweets home or they 'll be gone the moment he find out about them . 
  month of february is great for two special events in estonia :, 
  * february 24th is independence day . 
  if you can get up that early , go see raising of the flag on toompea pikk hermann tower at dawn . 
  maybe also the military parade later in the day , if you are so inclined ( probably in some other town , though ) . 
  * vastlap\u00e4ev , february 28th this year . 
  i suggest to spend the day in the most traditional estonian way , which is commercially available in rocca-al-mare open air museum . 
  this is sledding downhill , eating pea soup and vastlakukkel ( bun with whipped cream ) , playing competitive games etc. 
  also , having shown around the town to a few foreigners before , depends on what you consider interesting , you will find something to do every day of the month even if you stay only in tallinn . 
  as for out of tallinn , i once had a successful trip to kuressaare in the winter - although the real tourism season is in the summer , the castle is great to tour and spas are nice to relax in at that time . 
   on the other hand , my advice for an aspie girl looking to date a nt guy would be that you need excellent communication -- no secrets , no bottling up your feelings , etc. 
  if we realize something 's bothering you ( we probably will ) , it 'll stress us out until we figure out what it is . 
  save your partner some anxiety and simply tell him . 
  the most difficult part in this is actually finding out that there is something wrong with me ; and what it is ; and what i need from the partner !, 
  at least for me . 
  i like dollarbird . 
  there is no actual budgeting in free version ( and it seemed silly to pay monthly for a budgeting app ) , but you can work around it and still have something similar . 
  for example , i have scheduled 10 $ for daily grocery shopping based on my average of month - every day i edit it for the actual check , but i still have a great prognosis how much money i will have at each point in the future . 
  i have also pre-scheduled all other regular expenses . 
  for irregular ones ( clothes , entertainment/travel , gifts ) , i deposit a certain sum to a separate account each month and whenever i need it , i just transfer it back to my main account . 
  the correct answer is : whenever at least one of the parties does n't feel like having sex any more . 
  if man 's dick is limp , you can still do oral sex or use fingers etc , but if one of the parties does n't feel like it any more , it will be technically rape if the other one continues . 
  i was flying several planes for work trip yesterday , and in each airport they were announcing that everyone who has a galaxy note 7 phone with them should turn to the information desk for further instructions . 
  i wonder what the further instructions were . 
  anyone know ? 
  [ katariina kai ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/5nt2jgqxpa92 ) is wonderful for tallinn profile, 
  36 , single mother , i consider myself attractive . 
  i have had several very messed up relationships ( up to 3 years long ) and now i am working on myself to recognize this before it gets too bad . 
  also , i guess i am pretty focused on my disabled son until he gets independent . 
  and i do n't even see anyone attractive around . 
  so , several reasons . 
  which clinic did you go to ? 
  it should be only 5 $ visitation fee , not 65 $ ; and pregnant women get appointment in state hospitals quicker than the others . 
  in addition to pelgulinna s\u00fcnnitusmaja ( in another link ) , you can also contact [ keskhaigla naistekliinik ] ( http://www.itk.ee/en/clinics/womens-clinic/about-womensclinic/womens-health-center/gynecology-department/ ) . 
  however , i have no information on english skills of the doctors as i have never needed them to speak other than estonian ... 
  most flats come furnished , but always check with the landlord which of the furniture will stay in the apartment once you rent it - often they are taking pictures while previous residents are still living in there and their furniture is in the mix . 
  also , many landlords are willing to bring more furniture or take some out if you talk to them . 
  as for cats , i have had no problem so far . 
  the rule is that you must be willing to pay for any damage they do to the apartment/furniture . 
  in one apartment i had , i replaced the tapestry in the entrance room myself because my cats ( i had cats then , not any more ) had scratched it all up . 
  it would have cost much more for them to replace it themselves , as the cost for the workers ' salaries would have also come out of my pocket . 
  i see that you are asking about rental houses . 
  it 's not that common to have rental houses , most are just apartments . 
  owners are probably someone who used to live there , do n't need it at that moment and earn some extra with it until they need it again . 
  very rare to have professional rental companies , although there are some as well . 
  but even then , you must probably pay the `` contract fee '' to the broker , unless you find something straight from owner . 
  one of the questions is something like : do you have aids , syphilis , . . ( a list of illnesses ) or are you mentally or physically disabled ? 
  wtf , it 's like disabled people are n't allowed to travel to us ? 
  somebody with a facial tic , or an amputated arm ... and it 's under the same question as some really nasty diseases . 
  in addition to other answers , you can easily find these and many other pop culture / webspeak explanations in http://www.urbandictionary.com/ . 
  all furniture that you see on pictures may not stay in the apartment - often , the pictures are taken with previous residents still living in there . 
  if you like an apartment , you should discuss with the owner/broker , which furniture items will stay there and whether it would be possible to remove some of the furniture . 
  often they are pretty forthcoming . 
  also , would n't transporting your furniture cost more than selling it on second-hand market and then using the furniture that is made available by the apartment owner ? 
  it may take a bit getting used to , but there 's nothing weird about using someone else 's furniture that they have made available for that purpose . 
  it would be so easy if he would just show them to me !, 
  thanks for the write-up , it is very informative . 
  thanks , i will !, 
  i did n't know about that sub ... 
  thanks , i will ask there as well - i did n't know this sub existed ... 
  good point , i will mention it to him . 
  luckily he 's not diabetic , but i guess the long-term consequences for infections would be the same . 
  guess again where i 'm living - should n't be too difficult !, 
  - otherwise pretty good .
