  1 ) i really do n't see many people around who i would be interested in . 
  2 ) i am socially awkward and terrible at smalltalk . 
  it 's a miracle i have anyone to call friends . 
  if i would be interested in someone in that way , i would n't be able to let them know . 
  and if they would n't start first ... then no chance there would be a relationship . 
  or you could make your own . 
  i 'm sure she 'd appreciate this most of all . 
  one recipe i found ( sorry for my bad translation ) :, 
  200 gr low-fat curd cheese ( if unavailable , probably cottage cheese pressed smaller using a sieve or something would do ), 
  100 gr cream cheese, 
  50 gr butter, 
  1 dl sugar, 
  white or milk chocolate, 
  preparation : mix butter and sugar , add curd cheese and cream cheese . 
  add vanilla to taste and whip until it 's foamy . 
  fill small ( preferably silicone ) forms and set into freezer to solidify . 
  melt chocolate in water bath . 
  when bars are solid , dip them into chocolate and set to solidify again . 
  hands . 
  forearms , too , but mostly hands . 
  i do n't know what it is about men 's hands that really turn me on . 
  and they are mostly visible so i am mostly turned on !, 
  pickles are made with vinegar . 
  sour cucumbers are made by fermentation . 
  they are a different thing . 
  am estonian , i know . 
  hate pickles . 
  women : they have so tender skin , taste awesome and are willing to kiss/hold/cuddle much more than men . 
  also breasts are wonderful in themselves . 
  it 's more difficult to manage socially - in front of friends and relatives as i am not that much out of the closet ( yet ? ), 
  and between her and me as it 's kind of difficult to decide who does what ( outside of sex ) . 
  men : sexually , i love giving blowjobs and being penetrated , it 's primal thing that i miss while i am with a woman ( it 's just not the same knowing it 's an unfeeling strap-on ) . 
  feeling their strength is awesome , makes me feel safe and protected and calm . 
  somehow , sex with men is more powerful and passionate and i miss that while i am with women . 
  but sometimes they are such unfeeling bastards socially ... 
  my special-ed kid getting any education at all . 
  the situation keeps worsening and nobody knows what to do . 
  he 's very intelligent , but add and pdd-nos make it difficult for him to focus on schoolwork and cope socially . 
  and he 's a teenager . 
  i have to find a teacher or few to homeschool him starting 11th january , and a way to finance it . 
  i know i do n't manage to teach him myself . 
  i do n't know how anyone on reddit could help me , though . 
  my son falls between the `` buckets '' the government has defined . 
  he 's independent and sociable enough that they do n't see need for him to be homeschooled with government funding , his psychosomatic reactions to going school are considered temporary and to be gotten over by being flexible , whatever that means . 
  he is not aggressive so one-on-one teaching at school is also not considered necessary , although i think he would go to school and be able to participate if they allowed for that . 
  my biggest hope right now is my mom 's friend who is working with asd children in another school to talk with our case manager and help us find a way . 
  i rather do n't think anything comes of it . 
  i think i will have to hire someone , i do n't know where to find that person or few , and take a loan to be able to pay for it . 
  i 'll find a way to school my kid that is sustainable both financially and as a way to support his special needs ; and fallback plans in case something happens again . 
  i 'll transform my diet/fitness regimen 1 ) so i will enjoy it and do n't need to spend so much time on it studying and organizing ; 2 ) from building up to maintaining . 
  i 'll finish reading the 54 book series of `` classic novels '' that is sitting in my shelf ( already at 39 right now ) . 
  i will write my book . 
  at least half of it . 
  have solid basic commands ( look at me , come , sit , stay ) working in 90 % situations with my dog . 
  he 's hyper so it 's not as easy as it may seem . 
  piggybacking on this question ... 
  what temperature should dogs wear ice boots ? 
  any time there is snow/ice on ground or below a certain temperature ? 
  now that winter is finally here and i am wrapped in many clothes going out , i am worrying about him as well . 
  i 'm 35-year old woman . 
  i think i started identifying as `` woman '' instead of a `` girl '' around 5 years ago . 
  lost my virginity 20 years ago , have a 13-year-old son . 
  no , relationships are not tied to feeling like an adult at all . 
  if you are looking for resources , then i suggest www.artofmanliness.com . 
  i read it regularly despite not being a man - much of his advice applies to any person regardless of gender . 
  there are some lookout platforms on toompea where you can get a good view on snowy old town as well , always open . 
  we are walking anything from 30 minutes to 2 hours . 
  poop count does not correlate with walk length beyond 30 minutes ( e.g. 
  he usually does all his pooping within first half an hour ) . 
  dewormed last in september . 
  no canned food . 
  i do sometimes give him a bit of meat or cheese during training . 
  i have not tried prescription diets . 
  so far we have visited only the vet at the shelter as they have his history . 
  it 's been a few times ( anal glands emptying , rash on stomach , limp in one hind leg , neutering - all these things now okay ) . 
  i have n't had time for yearly checkins or smth . 
  what should i look for in food to avoid ? 
  what seems suspect of the ingredients from the food i linked ? 
  well , i have n't had him for a year yet , so i have n't had yearly checkins yet  he was vaccinated fully when he got to the shelter at the beginning of july and they told me to give worm prevention quarterly ( i have no idea what kind of worms ) and outside parasites prevention monthly . 
  the vet at the shelter is absolutely regular vet - they accept other customers besides shelter animals as well . 
  they just do first assessment and any necessary treatment to shelter animals as well . 
  i never walk him less than 30 minutes as he is pretty high-energy and needs that outlet ( not much room at home and no own garden ) . 
  so i only know that the first one is always good solid , the next one is also still okayish , and if there are more , it will be a mush that is difficult to pick up . 
  it 's been that way for him since ~ 2 weeks after i got him ( at first it was all loose ) . 
  he seems perfectly happy and normal in his demeanor . 
  calorie-counting gave me huge guilt and binge-eating problems , also my son said that all i do is preparing and weighing food , not play with him ... 
  so i stopped . 
  for a while i tried just be mindful of how i eat , but weight kept creeping up . 
  currently i am on precision nutrition habit-building coaching program and it seems that i am getting this under control with simple habits like `` eat slowly '' , `` eat to 80 % full '' , `` eat lean protein at every meal '' etc. 
  my weight gain has reversed and i am closer to being my goal weight than i was when i counted calories . 
  usually protagonist 's age is one of the first things written in children 's book descriptions ( back of book or online ) . 
  https://www.eatthismuch.com/ - this helps you plan meals around macros, 
  this seems to be the best answer , i 'll try . 
  however i find it hard to distinguish if he is about to eat something or is there just some other dog 's `` message '' he is reading . 
  most of the time it is the second and he should n't be asking permission for that i think . 
  that would mean i should stop him sniffing around everywhere beside clean asphalt ( where it would be visible ) . 
  it would be close to impossible to implement and would result in a very frustrated dog . 
  he 's high-energy and requires long walks already to be calm during day ( otherwise he reacts to every noise outside the apartment with barking , wo n't let me do anything without him etc ) . 
  i 'll keep this as a plan b in case the highest-voted comment of catching and rewarding his attention at that time wo n't work that well for us . 
  we are still working on him dropping his toys .
