n.ireland terrorism and the being part of the uk, 
  was not expecting that, 
  not as bad as british, 
  please be joking, 
  they 've been running a country for a loooong time cunt, 
  they 're the only party fully committed to a united ireland . 
  i ca n't see a reason not to vote for them if you 're a republican, 
  not many italians come to ireland so i 've never experienced their volume before . 
  i imagine it 's funny though, 
  if they dropped their speaking volume dramatically when in europe then there would be no problem with americans, 
  so where do you sleep in the gym ? 
  ireland . 
  anything to distance yourself from england is an amazing idea . 
  i hope the scottish are smart enough to vote yes . 
  uk in general, 
  its a bit too pro-union, 
  i 'd like less news and more talk about all the different languages and cultures . 
  i definitely do n't agree with what you said about the hivemind thing . 
  mostly everyone here is reasonable , some a bit too pro-united kingdom for my liking though . 
  i really liked that feature `` what do you know about ______ '' that was cool . 
  it looks slightly less depressing , until you actually think about it then its far more depressing than an empty building . 
  they even have some of them to look like theres people in the shops . 
  since the town is pretty dead most weekdays it looks really weird . 
  if i could be bothered moving i 'd go out and take a photo, 
  my run down town in ni recently got these fake store fronts put over boarded up windows of buildings . 
  it looks better . 
  but the buildings do n't even look for sale or for rent so its worrying that there might never be anything there , just a fake window of something that would actually be great to have in town , ones a guitar shop for example . 
  less british influence and more mainland european influence . 
  because to the west everything pro-russian is bad, 
  looks worse in street view . 
  who am i to talk though ireland is pretty grim too, 
  magadan looks terrifying, 
  literally the only differences are you used photos from fancier cameras and less old people . 
  sweden looks nice, 
  unfortunately, 
  good, 
  i googled that coca-cola plaza place , looks pretty cool . 
  really ? 
  i imagined anchorman 2 would be everywhere !, 
  well in belfast we have a few , queen 's film theatre is pretty good , small though , usually just limited run films . 
  the big chain ones like storm and odeon are pretty standard , bit over priced though . 
  i think im more of an independent and small cinema kinda guy , we do n't have many of those unfortunately . 
  . . maybe i care too much about the building than the film sometimes, 
  i heard it from a nonnative studying there too , being from ireland i think i 'd best used to the gloomy depressing weather . 
  split looks awesome as well, 
  that so bad , nice trees outside and all . 
  i heard zagreb is pretty cool, 
  ill remember not to joke on r/europe, 
  because they are cunts, 
  unfortunately, 
  privileged ? 
  im confused . 
  ive heard that a lot on reddit though , someone accuses someome of being privileged for no reason at all, 
  kinda wan na know what they said, 
  police hammering their shields, 
  i was amazed by the faroes too , i thought they were much more spread across the islands , did n't realize people were that close to eachother, 
  i dont know much about americans but i see what your saying . 
  do they use it as the british would use majorca , magaluf , ibiza etc ? 
  i would like to know more about these places to change the british tourist alcohol fuelled hell i imagine, 
  middle aged british people go there to get a sun tan, 
  people who dismiss multiculturalism are usually branded facist far too quickly, 
  finally, 
  i actually hate his snide comments . 
  ruins it, 
  i disagree . 
  northern ireland . 
  a man walked into a council house project and got his shoes stolen, 
  i think i 've learnt today that as cookiely said they all look and act basically the same wherever you are , im sure they each have certain unique characteristics depending on where you 're from but you basically summed it up with your last sentence , its the average lower class teenage culture, 
  a few polish people i know where i live in ireland dress like this , they 're very polite though once you speak to them , they just look quite intimidating . 
  you know ? 
  wow , that was indepth , i loved that lascars thing , they sound very similar to chavs here , except it seems almost more of a problem in france , many people here tend to just ignore them , they 're also exclusively white here , many are pretty racist to eastern europeans and black folks , i think thats unique to the north of ireland though , many black youth in england probably would fall into chav culture just as often as white folks . 
  yeah it is , the most embarrassing part is how young they are , they 've clearly just found videos of ultras from other countries , thought `` hey that looks cool '' and bought a bunch of stone island or whatever clothes and decided to imitate them . 
  down south is much more relaxed , their sports fans seem much more friendly, 
  the north . 
  theres a close link here between some wannabe ` ultras ' and neo-nazism . 
  whats their stereotype ? 
  i was hoping iceland would be mentioned, 
  thats really interesting , thanks for the breakdown . 
  its odd how tracksuits get attached to a working class / negative stereotype . 
  i have seen many non-uk european women wear them coats with a type of running shoe , i always just assumed it was eastern european fashion, 
  sorry im on my phone your flair didnt come up and i assumed i was replying to the norway dude . . oops . 
  no not town teams more city teams but like . . rivaling city teams ? 
  is there a stereotype attached to the names ? 
  like a certain style of clothing , reputation ? 
  ( apart from i assume working class ), 
  im not sure if you mean exclusively norway , but they are rampant in small towns in ireland and uk , the majority of youth in my area fall into this category , closely linked to football hooliganism, 
  it must not be so much of a problem in norway then to not give them even a name . 
  thats good news haha, 
  yeah i was going to say these people look like wannabe [ geordie shore ] ( http://geordieshoreonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/geordie-shore-series-4-lasses.jpg ) type folks of english influence . . 
  im very much irish . 
  haha . 
  although football to me is either gaelic or american football, 
  good . 
  in northern ireland a politician actually blames the ira http://m.newsletter.co.uk/news/ira-involved-in-horse-burgers-willie-frazer-1-4725860 height of stupidity, 
  very surprised reykjavik is n't here . 
  i know stereotypes are n't nice , but you got ta admit these groups exist and almost embrace their subculture no matter how negative . 
  in ireland we have a concentrated version of the chav culture in the uk , there seems to be a lot more emphasis on local football teams however . 
  how about your country ? 
  very unsatisfied with the cinemas here in ireland , just wondering how good they are elsewhere ? 
  also , any 24hr cinemas ?
