that is an option with things like amazon here too but i hope it does n't become the only option since its a lot more inconvinient particularly if you live in a remote place , since before one of the main advantages in shopping online is you do n'tneed to leave your house . 
  doubtful . 
  letters may become rare but we will still need to send parcels . 
   tl ; dr london is the centre of the universe even in doctor who , if an episode is set on earth , it happens in london . 
  sorry , i did n't read the usernames . 
  the question you replied to was in reply to someone else with a usa tag and i never noticed it was someone different . 
  you 're being downvoted because your information is irrelevant , you implied it was eu migrants coming to the uk and doing fgm but your data only shows that non-eu migrants come to to the eu and do it . 
  since the discussion was about eu migration you would need to show information that shows being in the eu has a noticeable affect on fgm happening in the uk . 
  in this thread ? 
  yes , i would actually say with some confidence nobody would vote that , apart from a troll or two maybe . 
  the only time i 've heard someone not wanting to allow medically nessecary procedures is religious reasons , and the main argument against circumsicion is that its unnessecary . 
  my point is there are none , when someone says they would ban something like this , it goes without saying that it means except in cases where its specifically nessecary . 
  i challenge you to find one person here who would ban it for those who medically require it . 
  scotland , not the uk . 
  i 'm not sure that cultural differences in the anglosphere are that small . 
  i find a lot more in common in europe than with say someone from texas or south africa or jamaica, 
  sure , i agree about it going both ways . 
  but if its not about punishment , why would you want to make things worse for women rather than better for men ? 
  to me this is an example of a time where the worse off gender need to be brought up . 
  conscription is an archaic practice with no place in a modern society , it should have been ended in the name of equality , not extended . 
  taking my setence and making it about draft makes no sense . 
  you go to jail if you refuse the draft , but to not pay taxes all you do is do n't get a job . 
  a mafia ` protection ' fee is forced , you have to pay whether you can afford or not , taxes are not . 
  they are n't comparable because of the diffence in the magnitude of whats being forced . 
  being forced you give a percentage of the money you earn is a lot less bad than being taken from your home and forced to give up a year or more of the prime of your life . 
  my threshold for what i find unnacceptable to force on someone lies between those two things . 
  secondly , again , paying taxes is not forced in the same sense . 
  you can argue its ` forced ' in the sense that if you earn enough money you have to pay and that you are forced to work , but i do n't think that 's the same . 
  you choose to work , albeit its a very obvious choice since not working means you will be very poor , but there 's no law requiring you to work if you think you can manage without . 
  you wo n't be left to starve , and nobody coming to round you up and throw you in jail for evading work . 
  would you still be in favour if it was just a year doing hard labour in prison ? 
  as to me i do n't see much difference other than what its called . 
  firstly , taxes are n't forced - in fact taxes will be used to support you should you need it in the form of various benefits and services . 
  also , i think taxes are n't comparable so i do n't think it is inconsistent to be ok with taxes while not ok with forced labour . 
  no it is n't , but forcing someone against their will to do that is . 
  you are n't supposed to punish the better off gender , you 're supposed to bring the worse off gender up to the level of the better off one . 
  this is equality backwards , like banning straight marriage rather than allowing gay marriage . 
  top 10 non-porn websites anyway , which makes them about 9000th overall . 
  not just africa . 
  india and china have tens or hundreds of languages and cultures . 
  gamings actually a great example , because its exactly the kind of thing that transcends country specific culture , a form of media that is universal . 
  ( to the western world at least ) . 
  even with cinema , which is pretty international , countries still have their own films to an extent . 
  but games are the same everywhere , something that everyone regardless of nationality can relate to and take pat in together . 
  ( if they are a gamer at least ) . 
  almost certainly at some point . 
  but not for 50-100 years or more . 
  most people do n't even know what the eu is or what rights we get from being in it . 
  they ca n't make an informed desicion . 
  because westminster did so well in convicining people something simple and fair was complicated and unfair , and most people were too ignorant or lazy to find out why its so much better . 
  because it was n't in the governments best interests . 
  which is just another argument for indepedence . 
  the scottish parliament uses proportional representation but the uk would n't even take av, 
  if there was any truth to such promises , they would n't have waited till it got to the point of a referendum to deliver . 
  cheers for the correction, 
  i ca n't answer properly , do n't know too much greek , but : `` i love you '' in greek greek is ' \u03a3\u03bf\u03c5 \u03b1\u03b3\u03b1\u03c0\u03ce ' or just ' \u03a3 ' \u03b1\u03b3\u03b1\u03c0\u03ce ' . 
  that 's ` sou agapo/s ` agapo ' . 
  the larger countries would not be neutral if they were bullying smaller ones though . 
  be independant from uk , and mediterannean climate and food and lifestyle . 
   like binding state agencies legally to use everyone 's birth name rather than their marital name ( they already did ) bit of an insult there to anyone that wants to use their marital name , forcing someone not to use it though ? 
  which is kind of the opposite of someone who promotes feminist political correctness . 
  taking responsibility is what the leaders and generals do , not the people forced to actually fight . 
  a patriarchy would force women to fight , despite the fact that men would be more effective , since it would harm less men . 
  i also do n't agree with the other post saying it is misandrist hate , it is n't . 
  its simply disregard for human life and liberty in general , they did n't single out either gender to be sexist , they did it because men can fight better , who gives a fuck if its unfair . 
  this kind of thing is driven by nationalism , and looking at people as pawns in chess . 
  while it may mostly be men in charge , they are not acting in the best interests of all men , just themselves . 
  no liberal insists on conscripting women , i would go so far as to say you can not be a liberal while supporting conscription as it is one of the most basic violations of liberty a state can commit . 
  the people who insist on conscripting women are conservatives who say they support equality , but prefer to make things worse for women instead of better for men . 
  it may be ironic , but in this case he is right . 
  conscription has no place in a free society . 
  bollocks . 
  the idea of patriarchy is that men benefit at the expense of women . 
  you ca n't take something which clearly favours women and still call it patriarchy . 
  i find the idea of giving the government any information about me very uncomfortable , so something intrusive like ethnicity being on an official form seems weird . 
  but apart from that , someone 's passport does not define them as a person , you know you 're latvian whether a document says it or not . 
  why ? 
  its fine to be proud and all that but i do n't see the point of caring whether its on your passport . 
  who even sees it apart from you and passport guys at airports ? 
  not a relevant place for it to me . 
  whats your reasoning here ? 
  surely it should be the other way around , that your own government spying is worse since they are betraying your trust in them while at least other governments , it still is betrayal if they 're meant to be allies but at least they are n't primarily responsible for you . 
  like a parent leaving their own child to get lost compared to random adults not helping a lost child . 
  still bad , but more understandable while the parent doing it is just a bastard . 
  france will ban people from wearing veils and yet chopping off parts of babies cocks , something that causes far more harm , is still an issue ? 
  does n't make sense to me . 
  all religions that do this need to modernize and abandon this barbaric practice . 
  did n't christianity totally change what the afterlife is meant to be , saying actually purgatory never existed ? 
  that seems more of a core belief and yet it changed . 
  freedom of religion is a good thing , but it has limits , and for me those limits come when it hams someone else ( which wearing a veil does n't ) . 
  genital mutilation and cruel animal slaughter methods would be the two most obvious aspects . 
  there is one valid point there though , that an outright ban could lead to it happening illegally and unsafely ... 
  there 's vocal people on both sides of course , reddit is a big site . 
  but it does seem to me that the majority of americans seem to be in favour of it , or at least have nothing against it . 
  right , with that i was referring to the loophole that means if a uk citizen with a foreign spouse works in another eu country for 6 months , they can then bring the foreign spouse to the uk without any restrictions , because they have `` activated '' their rights to free movement which the uk government ca n't overule . 
  they can only discriminate against uk citizens , not eu citizens , but for the eu citizenship to come first you just have to live elsewhere in the union . 
  so the uk has lost power to the eu , but it is not a bad thing because it makes things better for citizens . 
  yeah i should have said ` with ' . 
  i guess i was saying it in the style as those who complain about losing power , they always frame it as foreign laws being imposed , and neglect to mention the uk has as much say as anyone else . 
  people love to blame the eu for everything and complain they are making too many laws .
