  i never understood what there were thinking when they designed the sewers there . 
  tp being flushable seems such an obvious advantage , a total no brainer . 
  then again , nobody thought to make rubbish flushable , which seems like it would be handy too . 
  just pouring your kitchen bin straight down the toilet rather than putting it outside would be much easier , so i guess its one of those things that is only apparent in hindsight . 
  no , i have never heard of such a concept , can you explain it ? 
  what an absolute shambles , hope he gets it back . 
  agreed . 
  to me a language is just a language , scottish things are still scottish regardless of what language you use to discuss them , people from scotland will still be scottish and still act as they did before even if they were speaking french or klingon . 
  then why have it at all , people would just speak english ... 
  i 'd rather learn a language that would be useful somewhere else than a language only known in scotland , where even there it is n't needed at all . 
  all kinds in scotland . 
  there 's no specific main thing everyone in scotland drinks ( despite its fame whisky is really not a common thing to drink at all ) , its mostly based on your age and what will get you the most drunk for the cheapest money ... beer and vodka is the most common among young people , and wine among older . 
  do n't see the point , it would just create a new language barrier . 
  its good we have english as a first language , what would be the point in changing this, 
  sadly probably not . 
  i want it to get rid of nuclear weapons , ensure continued eu membership and to escape the awful uk government . 
  i like to think at least , that scotland would not accept the censorship and spying the uk loves so much . 
  of course , but for the average person its true ... just about all the tv i watch is american - i do n't like that that 's the case , but they just make the most shows and they do n't need subtitles . 
  and yet you hear about california , texas , new york , florida and others far more often in the news than the smaller european countries . 
  and certainly see a lot more of them in tv and films and stuff . 
  its a bit shit, 
  about time , if there was ever any danger they would n't have been allowed on at all . 
  the risk of trusting people not to secretly turn them on when the attendants are n't looking would be insane if there was a threat at all , when they are so paranoid of other dangers . 
   `` the united states is not monitoring and will not monitor the communications of the chancellor , '' white house spokesman jay carney said on wednesday . 
  that sounds exactly like what someone who is monitoring them would say ... 
  bad decision , no one who is not a criminal should have their fingerprints taken . 
  while a fantastic idea and a great statement against the nsa , its rather meaningless , because of this :  the eu has no powers over national or european security , for example , nor its own proper intelligence or security services , which are jealously guarded national prerogatives . 
  national security can be and is invoked to ignore and bypass eu rules . 
  the cunts at gchq and probably other eu country equivalents are just going to bypass it while that 's allowed . 
  greece for weather and life style , one of the nordics politically probably . 
  and for food italy . 
  voluntaryish by the german government , still no better for the people . 
  she 's a worthy winner , no question about it , but i would have liked to see snowden win - it would have been a massive `` fuck off '' statement to the criminal organizations and operations he exposed . 
  although as sterio says even having him as a nominee is quite a statement . 
  oliver , really ? 
  do n't think i have ever met someone called oliver . 
  yes, 
   it said circumcision of male children was `` an ancient religious tradition '' in judaism and islam and among some christian groups why did n't you say so sooner !, 
  that obviously makes it ok , just like ripping out hearts and sacrificing virgins !, 
  its not about being exempt , its if they are specifically targeting certain groups , its not acceptable . 
  also i do n't even think id checks should be lawful anyway , if you are n't suspected of any crime they have no reason to know who you are . 
   in my mind it boils down to whether you believe you would be better governed from the inside or the outside , my opinion is that the former is true . 
  that 's exactly the problem , seeing europe as the `` outside '' . 
  it should n't be , any more than a government not based in your town/city/county / state but still in the same country is being governed from the outside . 
  greek style weather , nordic style government , good food , no law to say you ca n't buy alcohol after 10pm , and independance . 
  the article seemed like they were picking on certain countries within the eu specifically . 
  and australia and new zealand !, 
  if i understand correctly , people from the usa and canada can come to the eu without a visa , but they then discriminate between different eu citizens making some need visas and some not ? 
  that is pretty unacceptable , and needs to be sorted out . 
  but it seems unfair to punish the people of the discriminating countries with more bullshit when its really their governments fault ... 
  alestorm , the ultimate scottish band . 
  keelhauled http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ta-z_psxodw&amp;feature=player_detailpage captain morgans revenge http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=3hkm0m-jjxa you are a pirate !, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=gxozsgnhqum gun are another , though i do n't know themas well as i should but this is their biggest song i think ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=0ewkphu0c5q there 's also ac/dc , they are of course australian , but angus and malcolm are from scotland so deserve a mention . 
  just pretty much eastern and western , and northern and southern , but they 're kind of seperate distinctions , so italy would be southern and western for example . 
   they said the language requirements -- applicants need to demonstrate a `` good level '' of french and german to be considered there 's your problem . 
  scarcely anybody in britain knows another language , let alone two . 
  i do n't mean the requirement should go , but that the uk needs to get more people learning languages . 
  we should have came out of school fluent in one or both of those , as most other european countries manage with english ... 
  how about just normal country governments ? 
  i do n't remember being asked if i wanted to be a part of this country , pretty much just got forced into that ... 
  since we do n't have the euro not too much , except sometimes accidentally thinking a euro is a pound coin and a 5 euro note is a 5 pound note . 
  yes . 
  about the only good thing to be said is our normal police do n't have guns . 
  not at all , the uk generally seems to want to put itself ahead of others - wanting to leave eu ( or have control over it ) and wanting to stay a world power of its own , while an independent scotland would play a fair part . 
  so in fact it would be cognitive dissonance not to support . 
  perhaps , i still do n't believe in fucking over other countries for the benefit of mine though, 
  well , i 've always gone by the idea of treating others as i would want to be treated . 
  support . 
  the uk seems to want to distance itself from the rest of the world, 
   carpets in bathrooms . 
  why ? 
  oh why . 
  is this a uk stereotype ? 
  i do n't think i have ever seen a bathroom with a carpet ... 
   i do n't get what 's so bad about putting your own country before others . 
  probably the same thing that 's bad about putting yourself before others , its rude and selfish . 
  germany , but greece if it was n't in such trouble at the moment and did n't have conscription . 
  i 've always wanted to do another language , but language classes in school were exactly what you describe the class was one big fuck about , but i think that 's down as much to the system as the students . 
  you do n't learn a language with 1 hour a week and this makes people see it as pointless so not ever bother trying . 
  i 'd definitely like to be bilingual ( actually am learning a language at the moment ) , but i 'm glad i know the `` default '' language and can choose whichever other i want ... if you start off with an obscure language you pretty much have to do english first . 
  is it though ? 
  if you 're doing scottish things , eating scottish foods , generally being all around scottish and all that , the specific language you 're talking while doing them does n't matter . 
  actions speak louder than words , if you will . 
  already had been . 
  fuck all folk in scotland speak gaelic or scots anymore , english has been the standard language in all but the remote parts for a long time ... and i 'd glad of that , saved us having to learn english in school . 
  sadly that is the case , there 's not much other option . 
  but its still incredibly unfair to those born in the more undesirable parts . 
  however , i do n't think that the same logic can apply between the likes of europe , north america and australia and new zealand , yet its still hard to move between them . 
  indeed , the logic is no more than `` you ca n't come here because you were randomly born there '', 
  no , its one of the main positive things about the eu for me and the main reason i hope the uk does n't leave . 
  that you can just go anywhere in the eu whenever you like is awesome , having to fuck around with visas would be a nightmare . 
  would have to agree completely . 
  it seems a very over engineered solution to the problem ... how about even keeping the basic idea of a chair on rails , but make it attached to a cable you can winch from either the chair or the top end . 
  probably no doubt a lot cheaper and less prone to breaking . 
  not quite sure why they make it sound so horrible or why they single out britain ... surely it would be for all eu citizens yet this article makes out like its a direct assault on the uk . 
  sounds like a good idea in fact , if it really will cut down on bullshit . 
   he said : `` this eu stamp wo n't be optional -- just look at the euro-creep of the eu flag ending up on every driving licence . '' because knowing your license is good for anywhere in the eu is definitely not worth having a small flag in the corner ... ca n't see how that 's a bad thing at all . 
  then there 's ridiculous ideas like this :  remove the union jack and our royal crest from public life . '' the union jack could n't be more obnoxiously placed everywhere in public life at the moment , even on [ every pack of crisps . ] ( http://www.fwi.co.uk/assets/getasset.aspx?itemid=5242430 ) . 
  you ca n't turn on the tv without hearing about the `` great british '' whatever . 
  it wo n't be vanishing from anywhere but a few forms ... and if i wanted to celebrate something of national pride i could probably find a better flag to use than waving about a form .
