  there are already plenty of people who grew up with gay parents with no adverse effects . 
   3 ) greek is the only language computers understand ( i have no idea what this is supposed to mean but people did use to email this scientific breakthrough to each other ) for some reason this one made me burst out laughing . 
  like the combination of the absurdity of the concept of computers understanding something and everything that entails , and then the added idea that for no reason , it would be one specific human language that they can understand . 
  are you just going to post the arguments , or are you going to post a counter argument ? 
  even just one for slavery would do ... 
  good point , i was thinking it was limited to the first letter or two . 
  brexit , grexit , frexit , i do n't know what they will do if a country that does n't start with a something-r sound wants to leave . 
  particularly vowel starting bits like italy , estonia or austria . 
  although latvia would work great ... `` latvia legs it '', 
  you can always imagine a situation where every precaution fails , its impossible to design for every possible human action . 
  although i believe passenger planes wo n't allow you to make a dangerous move that would obviously cause a crash , thats why in this case the guy set it for a normal descent . 
  perhaps he is aware but believes that they are morally disgusting things to have and that nothing could justify the mass murder of civilians no matter what lunatic they happen to live under ? 
  you do realise you can be in favour of a military and against conscription ? 
  and apart from ethical arguments , an army of conscripts is much worse than professional soldiers . 
  i would n't . 
  i 'd support them joining the eu as they would fit in , but choosing them over the eu seems insane to me . 
  they 're all pretty similar to the uk plus they 're really fucking far away so there 's not really much to gain that i can see . 
  it should be though, 
  you do realize that it costs about # 1000 or more for the process ? 
  if it was free or just a nominal fee that would be a fair point , but with that cost attached its not a case of `` not caring enough '' , its charging people to vote . 
  the scottish referendum survey , conducted by the universities of edinburgh , glasgow and essex found that nearly 53 % of scottish born voters voted yes . 
  actually less marginal than i remembered as i was thinking it was 50 point something . 
  http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/news/uk/scotland/article4394550.ece http://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/news/politics/independence-referendum-figures-revealed-majority-5408163, 
  well as i say i did n't know about it , but if it was up to me i do n't know that i would give them citizenship . 
  i 'd make it so they 'd have to come and live in scotland again to get it probably . 
  but there are other options , for example it could have been restricted to only british citizens living in scotland or only people born in scotland , so that 's not the sole reason . 
  and even if there was scottish citizenship , i 'd still want everyone who lives here to get a vote . 
  i did n't know that , but that would be citizenship by descent i suppose . 
  i 'd say that 's because citizenship should n't automatically entitle you to a vote . 
  if you do n't live somewhere , why should you get a say in what happens to it just because you 're from there originally ? 
  why should he have to ? 
  that 's not ironic at all , that 's the way it should be . 
  scottish people very marginally voted yes overall , but no won overall because of english and eu migrants , and as a yes voter , i 'm fine with that . 
  their lives would be affected just as much as mine by the vote , so i do n't see how them not getting a vote could be justified . 
  how is it right that general elections and national referenda on national issues are citizenship based ? 
  seems totally arbitrary to me . 
  if someone is a permanent resident , elections and referendums affect them just the same as anyone else . 
  being standard practice does n't make it right . 
  take my dad as an example , he 's lived here since he was 5 , worked and payed taxes his whole adult life and is as british as anyone can be . 
  i find the idea that this is n't `` his country '' simply because he happens to hold a german passport vile . 
  please , tell me , why should he not have the right to a say in the only country he 's lived for over 50 years simply because a document says he 's german . 
  how the fuck is he not a part of this country , not tied to it , simply because of that ? 
  no , because its fair . 
  someone living in scotland had a stake in the outcome of the referendum and so was entitled to vote no matter their ancestry , because it is the right and fair way to do it . 
  the exact same should apply to the eu referendum , if the uk is your permanent home , the vote affects you equally as much no matter whether some document says you 're technically british or german or whatever . 
  its where you live that ought to matter . 
  country : scotland favourite neighbour : n/a ( or ireland , if over water counts ) least favourite neighbour : england ( goes without saying almost ), 
   while 39 percent thought it should prioritise reducing immigration . 
  war related again though . 
  i find it unlikely that there would be a war so serious as to require that that would n't involve both countries anyway , if we 're talking between uk and eu countries . 
  preventing a small number of people from doing this in ww3 seems a stretch as a justification, 
  most people do n't work in such jobs, 
  what would be an example of that kind of loyalty when applied to a country ? 
  unless the two countries are at war what does ` loyalty ' even mean ? 
  i do n't see what actions an average person could ever take would indicate loyalty one way or another . 
  do you think the leave campaign should have had any responsibility to make this clearer in their campaigning ? 
  what do you expect when the uk has just effectively told everyone else to fuck off ? 
  until 2020 . 
  so only actually for one year after leaving . 
  something being a social construct does n't prevent it from existing , otherwise the term would be meaningless . 
  and plenty of things exist that are not uniform . 
  its everything that keeps happening that 's the ridiculous nonsense , that 's why we want to go . 
  a nazi or fascist symbol is unambiguously what it is , because symbols are designed to declare membership or support of whatever the symbol represents . 
  this is not true of clothing . 
  a burkini is not that to everyone , indeed you could equally make the opposite case women who expose are lot are enslaved to men , that they are n't really choosing to dress so scantily , its just because they 've been brainwashed by the patriarchy to do it for men to ogle . 
  obviously that 's ridiculous , but its the same as what you 're saying . 
  its just a difference in opinion , and neither is more correct . 
  that ability did n't rise from nowhere, 
  you 're looking at it with very warped logic . 
  you sound like someone living in a area predicted to experience a large earthquake - when a tremor comes and breaks a few windows and knocks over some glasses , everyone else would conclude it is building up to the big quake , and you 'd be sat satisfied believing that since there was a tremor that the big quake is n't coming . 
  but equally if everyone had that attitude , there 'd be no wars in the first place . 
  the modern one is an awful restoration , it destroyed the character of the building . 
  if they 'd done it properly it would have been restored using the same tiles , finishes , windows and bricks as the original . 
  as it is its completely tasteless . 
  so it could in fact now be 50 % support for independence ... from a result of 45-55 the difference is now too close to call . 
  hardly the resounding backing of the union its being made out to be . 
  as a scot who voted yes and will be voting yes in any future referendum , i say to those same europeans thank you for your support , and feel free to voice your views whether for yes or no - we 're intelligent enough that we 're able to make our own decision while aware of the opinions of others on that decision . 
  try meeting straight girls . 
  do you know what a systematic error is ? 
  its like the reverse and opposite of the grandfather paradox . 
  yeah , if the market day had a rule that everyone attending has to contribute something to the market and you did n't but wanted in anyway . 
  fair enough , that could well be the case . 
  i 've had to consider whole-life carbon costs for buildings and its the same kind of thing but never thought about how that would actually work for food . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i believe you , but would be interesting to read more about that out of interest . 
  exactly . 
  each leave campaign can now blame the other when something turns out not to be possible . 
  i do n't think many people saw them as separate entities with competing goals and as a result vote with a totally unrealistic perception of whats going to happen . 
  the only outcome where the world does n't get fucked up one where everyone reduces their emissions and transitions into a sustainable system . 
  if that does n't happen , it does n't matter how fucked the economy gets because we 're all fucked and there wo n't be an economy left to destroy . 
  given that this needs to happen , the only way it can is by getting everyone to agree to change . 
  and its a lot easier to do that if you 're already making an effort yourself . 
  it would quite literally be a case of out the frying pan and into the fryer . 
  an unenthusiastic one who was invisible for the whole campaign though, 
  i 'd rather there were more movies without a romantic subplot at all ... gay , straight , it does n't matter , just cut the bullshit and get back to the action ... watch a sappy drama or a rom com if you want all that . 
  i mean , fucking * power rangers * . 
  nobody is going to see power rangers for the love story , just get the fuck back to fighting giant robots and shit !, 
  that 's a legal reason , but it does n't make any sense in reality . 
  you do n't get a say because some piece of paper somewhere says you are n't a citizen ? 
  even though you 're an adult , working , paying taxes and every bit as invested in the future of the country as anyone else ?
