  germany definitely , and i live in the uk at the moment . 
  and anywhere 's better than london, 
  i do n't know but there are people with it as a second name, 
  i 'm trying to do greek though i 'm pretty fucking lazy with it . 
  sure , but why would you want to ? 
  this is correct, 
  in scotland , we call them wankers . 
  edit : after reading through the comments someone already made this exact joke ... 
  i 'd imagine it would be the # 1 at fighting or martial arts or something . 
  everyone always thinks power must be about political influence , but at the end of the day , a really good guy at fighting has more power at an individual level . 
  plus i think its just more interesting , the most physically powerful person . 
   though the idea of losing my flag and currency honestly scares me . 
  you 're in the u.k. ... has this happened with scotland , england , n. ireland and wales ? 
  they still exist as general areas , with flags and a sense of identity and all that , but are n't really separate countries . 
  do n't see why the same sort of thing would n't happen with europe as a whole . 
  as for currency , who cares ? 
  the paper and metal discs you use to buy things with have a different picture on them , hardly a problem . 
  i like the fact that fuck and shit are always on these, 
  rtp looks like a good idea , making it easier for regular travelers . 
  but the eep is criminally totalitarian , and i do n't believe whoever proposed it belongs in such a position . 
  the eu should be about preventing this sort of big brother bullshit . 
  the debate has n't officially started so they do n't have to be neutral ? 
  what kind of justification is that ? 
  all depends on you , there 's no one easiest or most useful . 
  like how everyone says chinese is the most useful language to know , but it is n't if you 've no intention on living or doing business there and have no family or friends from there ... think what countries or languages interest you . 
  do n't know about you but i feel like i 'm from earth ... 
  almost the exact opposite of what i would have expected , apart from lithuania poland and latvia knocking around the low end . 
  yeah , well , fuck off faceboook . 
  its not like they 're actually going to know if you use a fake name . 
  i know fuck all about economics but that sounds good ? 
  the shit has pretty much hit the can really when it comes to greece, 
  he 's perfectly correct - the statement was to the people of the usa , it would n't be possible to become their president in any other country, 
  i must be missing something here but why would it be better ? 
  insane that such totalitarian laws exist . 
  not sure what exactly they could do though ... your ` official ' name has to be one of those , but i do n't see how they could stop you using a different name for everything else . 
  i would n't say it does , there are some bad - philes and some good ones , e.g. 
  a euroskeptic is opposed to europe in general but is open to listen and has n't just written it off completely , a europhobe hates or fears it and just wo n't have anything to do with it . 
  a more extreme term . 
  i just always feel like an idiot for not knowing another language when everyone else knows 2 or even 3 in some cases . 
  does n't make it easier when there is n't an obvious choice to pick since english is so universal these days . 
  i seen the results of something similar in primary schools for children aged 10-11 . 
  it was a test , a map of britain and certain places you had to estimate and label where they were . 
  ( scotland , england , ireland , london , glasgow , belfast and a few other big places as well as where they lived ) . 
  the answers were just all over the place , not just slightly wrong borders or cities in slightly wrong areas , but like england inside scotland , london in ireland , the hometown being on the complete other side of the country and so on . 
  and this was british students , not knowing basic things like england and scotland . 
  the biggest wtf is the fucking price of the lego version . 
  or they, 
  i do n't know , i 'm not saying its good just thats probably the reasoning for why its allowed, 
  i suppose because everyone experiences every age . 
  you pay more at one stage but then pay less at another , rather than being forced to pay more permanently . 
  i do n't know , there 's been a few cases recently of the eu stepping in and preventing the uk being its own authoritarian monstrosity . 
  i quite like how we 've seen a few things , mostly germany it seems , start to stand up to the bullshit . 
  not that this policy means anything , the real name policy is not enforced , or even provable . 
  google + requires it as well , and its worse - it does n't accept some real names as real names . 
  not at all , plenty of people do it . 
  also pizza rolls ( a roll with a piece of pizza in it ) , they 're actually pretty rare but still nice . 
  not strange at all in britain, 
  maybe but this is n't a comparison . 
  i 'm saying its insane to say something alone the lines of `` if you smoke , this could happen '' as its impossible to know what would happen otherwise . 
  for example maybe there 's a fire you would have died in at your office , but because you smoke you were outside having a cigarette at the time and survived . 
  not sure if this point is making any sense to anyone reading it , think basically something like the butterfly effect , a small change could have significant overall effects . 
  anyone who is worried about it or does n't like it can easily avoid smokers , now that it is banned in public places . 
  i 'm more worried about being violently assaulted by a drunkard than a tiny whiff of smoke i might get passing someone smoking in the street . 
  all this militant anti-smoking nonsense just makes me want to take it up . 
  its not even that bad , it is pretty bad , but at the end of the day , you might get cancer , you might not . 
  you might get hit by a bus because you were crossing the road 2 minutes earlier because you did n't smoke meaning you did n't go into the shop to buy papers that day , you might not . 
  there 's no way to know ... 
  as long as we 're in who cares ? 
  most countries do n't have a veto, 
  i wonder how many people they asked overall . 
  for all we know they asked 50 people and just put down the few who did n't know . 
  for not apparent reason , just because it would be fucking funny to have a big hilarious looking gorilla on money . 
  each different bit of money would have a different primate/expression , the $ 500 would probably have a monocle and top hat for example . 
  also ensiferum from finland, 
  they are n't , its just another of reddits fascinations , like bacon ... 
  there 's a relevant xkcd for that , i wonder if anyone can find it, 
   if that were true , human lives and ( non-human ) animals lives would be considered equally important . 
  its not so simple ; something being true does n't mean humans will accept that truth , or even if they do , they might not actually make desicions with the truth in mind . 
  yes , exactly , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  your previous comment implied you do n't think that . 
  because it places a disproportionate burden on them and is highly unfair that the poorer countries should deal with it while the richer countries say `` not our problem '' ? 
  feminists too , with things like the no more page 3 campaign . 
  apart from being unworkable , i do n't see how that can possibly make sense or why you think it would be more or less random . 
  it would be the same few countries , any near trouble spots , that get fucked with millions of refugees every time . 
  the uk for example would never have to take any unless there was a civil war in ireland . 
  island countries would never take any . 
  and really there is not likely to be a war in the eu , so only border countries would ever even be at risk . 
  surely the fairest solution is each country takes a fair share of the amount relative to its size ? 
  rather than certain countries being swamped either because of their location or attractiveness . 
  just today he 's said scotland may have to leave the eu even if it votes to stay in . 
  agreed they ulimately voted for the party , but everyone knew who she was . 
  one of the most well known new snp candidates in scotland, 
  farage has always said it would only be after a successful referendum, 
  well i agree there , i do n't think there should be tax cuts and stuff for being married , but that 's different to abolishing it . 
  why ? 
  if you do n't like marriage , do n't get married . 
   i do n't believe that a same-sex couple is as valuable in rising children as a marriage - men and women are diffrent , think and act diffrent , it 's important to have both sexes present during the upbringing of a child . 
  in general yes they are different , but that does n't mean they all think and act differently or that any individual man or woman fits that profile . 
  there 's no guarantee a straight couple will actually have your ideal optimal contrasting ways of acting and thinking , that a gay couple wo n't . 
  nor is there anything to suggest this difference is even required in the first place .
