  this is a classic example of why they have it backwards , why i do n't give two shits about the uk government whinging about `` loss of soveignity '' . 
  because if they have it , they use it to fuck everyone in the arse while the eu tries to prevent it . 
  same with the spouse visa situation . 
  are these malicious laws preferable because they were made in the uk rather than by foreigners who care more about our rights than the uk ? 
  i barely ever had homework in high school in scotland . 
  but i think it depends more teacher to teacher and school to school than across whole countries . 
  some people i knew had a lot more , although never hours per night as far as i am aware . 
  surely the other country could just issue a new one after though . 
  not sure about turkey but is n't it impossible to totally give up a british passport for example ? 
  like you can give it up , but britain would always consider you a citzen and they would give you a new passport again if you wanted one . 
  i would imagine there are other countries like this . 
  not really sure how germany could enforce it . 
  edit : found the thing i was meaning . 
   british nationals who acquire the nationality of a country that does not allow dual nationality may be required by the other country to renounce british nationality to retain the other citizenship . 
  none of this affects a person 's national status under uk law . 
  i would suppose some other countries have similar laws . 
  how did this work before then , did other countries just agree to revoke the other citizenship if they chose german ? 
  like maybe germany would n't acknowledge the turkish passport for example , i do n't see how this would stop turkey from giving one anyway . 
  i do n't , and honestly the support this gets baffles me . 
  apart from that , people forget its a ban on all face coverings , so framing it as a religious issue is totally false , it affects everyone . 
  the government it literally telling people what they can and ca n't wear , which is an idea that i find as abhorrent as approved name lists and certain haircuts being illegal . 
  its not even about freedom of religion , its about pure freedom . 
  for me , the government has no business whatsoever in saying what people can and ca n't wear . 
  the reason why someone wants to wear it is irrelevant . 
  i 'm not religious and yet now i would be breaking the law if i wanted to go out with a veil or other face covering , and that 's bullshit . 
  because its an absurd and unnacceptable restriction on personal liberty ? 
  the government has no right whatsoeve to tell people what names they 're `` allowed '' to have any more than it can what hairstyles they can have . 
  right , if it blatantly is n't a name ( because its a phrase , new invented names should be allowed ) or if its hitler or jizztits or something yeah , the parents obviously do not care about their child . 
  also its a really fucking harsh punishment just for having a foreign name , if no other country will give her one then its effectively imprisonment within that one country . 
  why not just a fine or something ? 
  what a shitload of fuck . 
  i 'm a strong believer in the idea that she state should have no say whatsoever in someone 's name or indeed anything personal about someone at all , its none of their business and they should just get to fuck . 
  name approval committees and stuff like that sounds like something out of north korea . 
  are there approved icelandic hair styles and clothes too ? 
  i do n't know , there are a lot of superficial similarities . 
  tv shows and stuff are shared because they have the same language , but i think in terms of attitudes and values and way of life there 's some pretty big differences . 
  that maps not very accurate either for some countries, 
  not true . 
  schengen is just an added bonus that you do n't even need a passport , being in the eu is what gives unlimited right to travel . 
  plenty of damning stuff has already been released . 
  the us literally considers its own and ally citizens as enemies . 
  he still has a very valid point . 
  who the fuck wants to fuck around with borders and customs and currency every time you go to another country ? 
  its the principle . 
  maybe yahoo ca n't do anything about it , but they can at least make it as hard as possible rather than be forced to let the bastards do as they please . 
  yeah it is n't practical to do that , hence i do n't think it should be done at all . 
  there ought to be some kind of penalty , but one that punishes the government not the people . 
  like if you have 10 people and know 6 are definitely criminals but the other 4 are innocent , but do n't know who is who , i do n't think it is justifiable to jail them all . 
  punishing the innocent just to make sure you get the guilty ones . 
  is it really penalizing people if they agree to it ? 
  i understand the importance of anonymous votes for elections and stuff but when we are talking about voting other peoples rights away it just does n't seem fair to me . 
  this ban seems to be penalizing people for being born in the same place as a bunch of xenophobes . 
  i would be absolutely raging if my plans were destroyed because of this . 
  still pretty pissed off even though it does n't affect me and i never planned to go there . 
  i do n't like this , they say it is n't a punishment but that is really unfair for swiss students who probably do n't agree with switzerland being a dick . 
  as another commentor said , its highly unlikely that erasmus students voted against this . 
  i have no idea how it would work , but in situations like this it should go person by person . 
  so if you vote to limit eu migrants , your own migration rights are limited too , but if you did n't you should still be free to do erasmus or whatever else . 
  would prevent arseholes voting away other peoples rights . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen that before, 
  pounds or euros , or something else , i could n't care less . 
  its the last of my concerns when it comes to independance . 
  it should though , it does n't matter how many places do n't , does n't make it ok . a core idea of the eu is we 're all equal , if other countries wo n't respect that , we have to demand they do . 
  if they insist to continue to discriminate against even one eu country , there needs to be some sort of reaction . 
  i could n't say what though , i do n't like the idea of bringing back visas for those countries , as it only punishes the citizens for the immature actions of their government . 
  if england are playing in any sport , you must become the other country team 's # 1 fan, 
  good to see them coming down hard on this fuckness , i hope the us stops discriminating on this . 
  a comment i made elsewhere here :  geography classes in scotland are all about physical and human processes . 
  how shit forms and causes of poverty etc. 
  very little , if any , of just memorizing place names , which seems to me an outdated and not useful way of learning . 
  i 'm glad its like this , its a lot more interesting and useful . 
  right . 
  geography classes in scotland are all about physical and human processes . 
  how shit forms and causes of poverty etc. 
  very little , if any , of just memorizing place names , which seems to me an outdated and not useful way of learning . 
  i 'm not a chimp but i am still a great ape . 
  chimps are the closest related animal to humans ... why is it such a stretch that whats true in chimps could be also true in humans ? 
  not saying that definitely makes it true but that males and females behave differently in almost every animal i think is a very strong point that it could be true for humans too . 
  there 's nothing special that makes us above nature in any way , if you think there is you 'll have to do more than just say `` but humans are different ! '', 
  you 're very dismissive for someone who provided no counter argument . 
  one need only look at any animal group to see males and females behave different ... or is it just for example coincidence that its always male chimps who attack rival chimp tribes ? 
  i do n't know , i ca n't really imagine a way to consistently write x and x in ways that would be distinguishably different . 
  * on computers sure but as soon as we started algebra in school the first thing they said was `` forget everything you know about the multiply symbol , you have been living a lie up until now , the mathematical way to write it is \u00b7 '', 
  you 've never seen that in the uk ? 
  at least in my school and uni that 's the way they taught us , the reason being otherwise you could get confused between x meaning the letter and x meaning multiply . 
  it should be the country you live in you can vote in , that makes much more sense to me , since its where you live and the stuff that might effect you . 
  as some dude in the article said :  it makes much more sense to vote in the country where you live , than where you are from . 
  if i lived in germany i would want to have the vote for the bundestag elections . '', 
  scotland , if independance goes through, 
  i do n't think it should be about location , or that european has to be a requirement in future , its about the culture and values . 
  ( despite the differences across europe these differences are much less than compared to the middle east or asia ) if it keeps expanding just change the name to the eurasian union or something . 
  even places like canada and new zealand , no where near europe but they do hold the same values , they probably could easily meet all the requirements except actually being in europe . 
  who knows ? 
  they could just as easily be like the ferengi . 
  classic example of data bullshittery here . 
  why is 40-50 % yes red instead of lighter blue ? 
  it makes it look a huge difference , but italy might be 51 % and uk might be 49 % this article was popular on reddit yesterday . 
  points out this and a few other misleading techniques . 
  when it comes to certain matters there 's very little difference between the two . 
  aye , for septic tanks , but even in athens and thessaloniki they had bins for it - it would actually be fine there but it gets binned anyway because you never know for sure ?
