  til not having nukes = crippled military potential . 
  i do n't think anyone should have them , and while everyone continues to have them because others continue to have them nothing will ever get done ... 
  someone has to take their finger off the trigger . 
  what justsmall said , they do n't need to affect me personally to oppose them . 
  its also matter of principle , weapons of mass destruction are immoral . 
  but to answer your question , i suppose a direct effect would be money saved not having them could be spent on something that improves the lives of folk in scotland . 
  scotland . 
  i support it , because england and its government are just opposite to what i support on virtually everything , nuclear weapons and eu membership being the main two . 
  if scotland is independent it will not allow nuclear weapons , a huge positive for me . 
  how about the lack of border controls ? 
  just hop across to whichever country you want with no fucking around ? 
  pretty huge benefit if you ask me . 
  right . 
  however , there 's still some praise there even though they 're only doing the right thing for the wrong reason . 
  good guy russia , of all countries . 
  like someone else said , should have been the eu . 
  but every country here seems too much of a pussy to stand up to the us , even if russia is only doing it to get back at the us . 
  scots are n't dour , and do n't all hate england . 
  yeah , its only aberdeen, 
  depends whos asking . 
  to a non european , yes . 
  but within europe i would say scotland or even my town within scotland . 
  yes if it was cheaper than individual armies . 
  i know the uk spends too much on military , not sure about other countries . 
  also only if it did n't have nuclear weapons, 
  the battle of stirling bridge , william wallace and the wars of independance in general i think . 
  there will be others but i 'm no expert on history . 
  perhaps also that the romans built hadrians wall rather than take on scotland . 
  rather , what they * admi ** t * to having done, 
  i 'm very glad the uk managed to get these to fuck . 
  it has quite a bad record for becoming a totalitarian big brother state but preventing this was a fairly big victory . 
  the cards seem to be a big step towards an orwellian nightmare and its scary to me that so many bits have them . 
  easy mistake to make really, 
  snowden is definitely a hero but i do n't think other countries are any better than america ... we already know the uk is n't . 
  i doubt any country at the moment is in a position to take the moral high ground . 
  signing up to be a spy here is just becoming a part of the same evil as snowden revealed . 
  \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u03b4\u03b9\u03b1\u03bb\u03bf and \u03b3\u03b1\u03bc\u03b7\u03c3\u03bf\u03c5 i think are two others , go to hell and fuck you ? 
  yeah , better . 
  britain ? 
  being in english i do n't think its seperatable from international/american internet culture . 
  certainly i do n't know of any specific british bits apart from on reddit . 
  majority of people wo n't use it for more than facebook , twitter and the latest memes . 
  ( actually old ones that circulated the wider internet months ago but only just reach facebook ) . 
  he revealed that the american government is spying on its own citizens . 
  pretty important if you ask me . 
  and i never said anything about not breaking laws . 
  however its irrelevant whether he did or not - any government can make its own actions legal and fighting against them illegal . 
  it means nothing as to wether it was the right or wrong thing to do . 
  some but not really . 
  our primary school just liked banning things . 
  marbles , pokemon cards , beyblades . 
  betrayed his country ... what are you talking about ? 
  betrayed his government yes , but government ! = country . 
  he did a great service to his country and is a true patriot . 
  you can in greece . 
  majority of people there seem to speak english . 
  pretty disgusting that conscription still even exists in somewhere like norway . 
  a general guide for when you 're making things equal is bring the ones who have it worse up , not bring the ones who have it better down . 
  well , fuck you too then malakas, 
  anyone remember this for the uk ? 
  http://aya.shii.org/2011/09/21/the-shape-of-england-suggests-a-woman-conscious-of-the-size-of-her-breasts/ also , really laughed when it was something clever for all the countries then just a cloud thing , a potato and a log . 
  really fucking hard without counting dead people , and ever then still hard , but i 'm especially bad with names ... its hard even to think of 3 specfically from scotland . 
  frankie boyle is all i can come up with . 
  but including dead people i 'll give it a bash for more memorable countries . 
  greece : aristotle , socrates , pythagoras italy : julius caesar , nero , christopher columbus spain : hernan cortez france : napolean , joan of arc , king louis i-x or so germany : aside from ww2 guys to try and be fair , walter gropius and ... my mind just comes up blank . 
  i 've heard of and know more than these but coming up with names is next to impossible !, 
  there 's all the mcsurnames in scotland , while you find them elsewhere nowadays it seems like the mc prefix is quite unique, 
  was thinking the exact same thing about korpiklaani, 
  i 'm gon na say anyone that thinks of themselves as the least arrogant is not the least arrogant . 
  it is absolutely more effective i think , considering how many people know english . 
  however us native speakers should still learn another language just for the fuck of it ... we have the luxury of choosing whichever one most interests us rather than having to do english, 
  it may seem obvious as all life is related if you go back far enough ... like i think its such a fucking cool concept that a chimpanzee is literally your something like your 250,000 th cousin and even a tree will be like your 2 billionth cousin or something, 
  more so than the uk government , but still not very much, 
  the uk , so obviously the usa . 
  do n't know enough about culture of brazil or russia to say which i 'd prefer from them , but i 'd prefer in general if the uk was more like the rest of europe ... 
  that gets a thumbs up from me, 
  is that the smugglers road ? 
  the alternate way back from glasgow ? 
  especially considering they were specified as free, 
  sweden . 
  nope ... me and a friend were going to do it , to czech republic , but we missed out change now , quite regret it . 
  if britain was to leave the eu ( i fucking hope it do n't though ) it would almost mean that no one , apart from ireland , has the advantage of being able to use their first language , everyone has to learn the international language . 
  level playing field for everyone . 
  it goes without saying that englands definitely more uglier than scotland of course but other countries probably do have better looking folk in general ... 
  everywhere still has some folk who look like an inside out dead pig thats just been in a car accident though . 
   i ca n't see any reason to restrict that ability . 
  guns , fair enough . 
  but * no restrictions at all * ? 
  we know they do exist but they are rare . 
  your normal policeman does n't have guns . 
  that 's what i think is one of the good points in the uk , in general . 
  you ca n't have guns , but the police do n't either . 
  the police are n't above the law , and there 's no need for guns when the people they are against do n't have them . 
  it is a bit different in places like america when every second cunts walking around with a gun in his jacket . 
  i do n't know much about it but now i know someone from latvia i 've taken abit more interest in it . 
  kvass is a fucking nice drink and i 'm going to start buying it more often . 
  despite the expression `` baltic '' in scotland meaning fucking freezing it has nicer weather than here . 
  the language is apparently one of the hardest in europe to learn . 
  wolves of the sea is my second favorite eurovision song . 
  the food seems like it would be quite bland but relatively similar to scotland - meat and potatoes .
