it will probably rain on sunday here . 
  just as there was free france and the r\u00e9sistance . 
  the government surrendered , not the people . 
  now i 'm done , your point of view is too biased . 
  from my personal experience ( 4 years spent living in france ) , no . 
  but they are representing it on this subreddit , and their behaviour is sadly ridiculous . 
  france was not conquered , it was occupied . 
  partially until 1942 , then entirely . 
  france 's army was far weaker and less modern than german one . 
  busy doing what ? 
  poland was already defeated at the time germany began the invasion of france . 
  your chancellor does . 
  at least she thinks it . 
  is being a leftist a shame in germany ? 
  your lack of historical knowledge is stunningly lackster , thus here 's a lesson . 
  during ww2 , france was beaten by germany in 6 weeks . 
  french armies were not prepared and disorganised , and the government and etat-major foolishly believed the maginot line would protect them . 
  the french people had called philippe p\u00e9tain , `` the hero of verdun '' , to power at that time , trusting him to save their homeland ( `` l'homme providentiel '' ) . 
  he single-handedly decided to sign the armistice and engaged a collaboration policy with germany ( the responsibility of france in the final solution was recognized in 1995 by jacques chirac ) . 
  every single french i 've had the opportunity to meet is ashamed of the `` france de vichy '' led by p\u00e9tain and of their defeat and abandon . 
  now , my dear uneducated angry polish friend , if france is always the first country to surrender , every other one is . 
  this is the nation who has own the most conflicts in history , with 106 out of 138 . 
  get your facts right before diving into hate and stereotypes . 
  you are harshly overreacting . 
  the fact that a huge number of french people left for the jihad in syria is nowhere linked to the government 's policy ( a law has just been passed on this topic ) , as opposed to warships deal with russia . 
  it had to be i guess . 
  there 's a similar comment everytime france and war are mentioned , and this is pretty exhausting due to how historically inaccurate it is . 
  and we beat everyone . 
  everything 's in its right place . 
  france won both . 
  the outcome of the second one was arguably barely due to it , although the work of the r\u00e9sistance led by jean moulin and the france libre led by charles de gaulles definitely had a role in the liberation of french territory . 
  do n't bother with those who claim to hold the truth when their spirit limits itself to what he heard . 
  they do n't know what they 're talking about , why mind ? 
  are you arrogant brats though ? 
  cracow is an awesome place to visit . 
  even more than prague imho . 
  on a side note , france is actually the country who won the most wars of history ( 106 out of 138 approximatively ) . 
  get that , ` muricans ( so many of them think france always surrender due to their terrible historical knowledge ) . 
  you are stubborn , man . 
  / u/thebyzantinedragon is right . 
  turkey . 
  shall we get back normandy and sicily then ? 
  any group of 30.000 persons to whom you give destructive weapons is a danger . 
  what i meant is that muslims , outside the middle-east but also inside for the most part , do not recognize themselves in isis . 
  more like they hate it . 
  more than a thousand years ago , norwegian warriors did that , i only brought it back . 
  i 'm a sort of anachronic hipster . 
  i often bring my girlfriend the heads of my latest victims , usually those i come across while raiding and pillaging . 
  gifts such as skulls ( for mugs ) or fingers are also greatly appreciated . 
  my concubines do n't get shit though . 
  france has nowhere near 27 % muslims . 
  there is no data about it due to a specific legislation , however polls estimate there are between 5 and 10 % . 
  barely any muslim supports isis . 
  just as the 9/11 events and al-qaeda , isis ' behaviour worsens the clich\u00e9s on islam , since it spreads the belief that `` every muslim is a terrorist '' . 
  ( a french rapper has a great line about it ), 
  indeed , it 's awesome . 
  the one for south park is also neat . 
  nope , sorry . 
  though you still can into scandinavia . 
  and call france in the name of the auld alliance ? 
  this is not up to me though . 
  ask the french about this , they 'll surely be glad , right ? 
  i 'm always up for a secound round !, 
  i am not a viking though . 
  mind giving me your daughter ? 
  juuuust kidding , scandinavian and french girls are without a doubt the prettiest, 
  definitely not . 
  i 'm talking about the anti-french one haha, 
  thanks for explanations !, 
  is n't finland 's most emblematic poet swedish ? 
  ( excuse me if i 'm mistaken ), 
  you did n't fool me !, 
  this is obvious that you still consider us to be a rightful part of denmark !, 
  however you 're always welcome . 
  if you want booze my friend , you better go to finland or estonia . 
  vodka uber alles . 
  we actually also got the most western part of scotland , including the isles and isle of man ( honestly at that time period we got some parts quite everywhere ) . 
  northumbria is ours !, 
  by the way , is that why there are barely any beautiful women in england ? 
  haha, 
  glad to know that !, 
  well , i wish my home country were part of the eu . 
  why are you being agressive ? 
  plus i am not completely sure about the fact that these are rightful statistics . 
  the uk has one of the richest cultures and history of europe , and is doubtlessly a prestigious nation that has largely contributed to the building process of nowadays ' world , while also being a major economic power . 
  yes we want you to say . 
  if a significant part of the french population would rather you left , i think it 's for other reasons , they do n't deny uk 's importance . 
  how come is the telegraph respected ? 
  i 've read a good bunch of its articles , and it 's equal to the daily mail 's quality . 
  yes , exactly my thoughts . 
  and these are the only people i found to be able to challenge me at drinking haha . 
  scotland , i love that country so much . 
  the highlands gave me chills down my spine . 
  in a way , it kind of reminds me of the norwegian atmosphere . 
  norwegian , english , french , german , swedish and polish fluently , czech and hungarian fine , plus some russian and serbian bases . 
  the consequences of a multicultural family and 17 years spent travelling . 
  that 's a splendid sentence , but devoid of any meaning and detached from reality . 
  there are winners in war , just like there are losers . 
  this kind of falsely-poetic proverb wo n't change anything about it . 
  viking is a culture , rather .
