  where do you live ? 
  the thing is that it 's , sadly , not a matter of loyalty in the baltic countries , but rather a matter of `` rivalry '' against russia . 
  france and germany ( and overall western europe countries ) absolutely want to avoid a conflict with putin , with whom they 've been trying to set up good relations for year . 
  the usa are ready ( and almost eager ) to fight russia , because it contests the american hegemony . 
  i still find disturbing that western europe powers do n't display more signs of support towards eastern europe, 
  its politics . 
  i 'm leaving in a year or so anyway . 
  ( i live in france ), 
  cities like lyon , bordeaux , lille , rouen , toulouse are really nice places and are not as touristic as those places mentioned above . 
  go to the netherlands , austria or scandinavian countries . 
  they all have a very good english speaking rate . 
  or learn french and cross the channel ( plus this language is worth learning , trust me ) . 
  it 's not because your country is about to leave it that the eu will collapse . 
  as much as i respect british history and all you 've acheived in the past , you ai n't the pillar holding the european construction . 
  i ca n't actually say `` fuck the british '' . 
  i goddamn love their culture , their language , their history , their country . 
  though , as france but in a different manner , politics is getting shitty . 
  almost all of france , except paris , the alps and the south-eastern coast . 
  the `` countryside '' of northern europe , if you like snowy places , is also an awesome experience . 
  maybe does it depend of the area , but i went through most of london and never saw many smokers , unlike france ( and i lived in province ) . 
  i ca n't tell about scotland , but after living in france for 5 years , i made a trip to london and was amazed about how few people were smoking , whereas i saw many smokers in france ( the comparison is especially viable when it comes to young people ) . 
  your nickname perfectly corresponds to what you said . 
  that 's completely wrong . 
  you know why it 's not that likely ? 
  cause states get high benefits from it . 
  people pay all their life high tav values on cigarettes , and have 60 % chance to die before they retire . 
  it 's an easy business , as sad as it is . 
  france-us relations are not really at their best these days ... 
  i fully agree with you . 
  i may understand that uk wish to leave eu , but a strong relationship between those countries ( that i both goddamn love ) could benefit both of them , and possibly the eu . 
  france seems to have a stronger link with germany than with any other country ( some may argue that it 's rather the us , but i ca n't agree at all on that ) . 
  well , it still ended up crashing , but let 's remain focused on the positive sides of it !, 
  it feels like the relationship between western european powers and the usa keeps worsening, 
  haha i love it !, 
  on a side note , do you consider that france-uk friendship is strong nowadays ? 
  are you ironic this time or ... ? 
  haha, 
  i consider the french people to be one of the funniest in europe , and i 've visited quite a big number of countries . 
  but i might have a weird judgement ^ ^, 
  british people seems to bother french more than the contrary . 
  i lived in france for 4-5 years and never caught such joke . 
  i love it . 
  do you know the difference between `` the french '' and `` ex-french pm '' ? 
  or are you too narrowminded and stubborn in your rivalry ? 
  god damn it , it 's not the cold war !, 
  i would n't call brainwashed someone who questions communist theories and explains why he disagrees with them , i 've had several debates like that . 
  i do call brainwashed someone who keeps saying communism is stalinism , an evil ideology and on an equal footing with national socialism . 
  why i do n't move to , let 's say , latin america ? 
  that 's plain simple . 
  first , i 'm in love with europe , second , my political fight has to take place where it would actually impact the society . 
  i wish too . 
  but i do n't expect a communist block to emerge and to be as big as the capitalist ones . 
  but i still think we have many politically interesting years ahead . 
  you 're scary . 
  it 's terrifying to see that there are people alive to say this type of things . 
  i know right , what i meant is that both fascism and capitalism are opposed to capitalism . 
  ( well , there are still monarchists in france , so why not feudalists ... ) . 
  the thing is that `` big bad communism '' , that is to say a huge `` blob '' of communist countries opposed to american imperialism and capitalism , collapsed in 1991 , and none of us will ever be alive if another one appears ever again i think . 
  i wo n't keep on going since this is no longer a debate but is turning into a boring vulgar brawl , you do n't have any arguments and pretend to back what you wrote with historical data whereas the only thing you provided was a link to a bad website about stalin 's victims . 
  and you 're brainwashed because you refuse to admitt that communism is anything but stalinism . 
  plus i do n't need to `` justify '' my ideology . 
  your arguments are so developped , the word `` debate '' takes a fully new meaning thanks to you . 
  what about admitting that you 're brainwashed and belonging to finnish nationalist movements ? 
  he sweats capitalism . 
  when you 're that agressive towards communism , you 're at least pro-capitalism , and possibly belonging to far-right ideas . 
  and most likely brainwashed . 
  i guess you 're right ... 
  i am communist . 
  i never pretended the opposite . 
  i have studied history . 
  not recent one , i admitt , but i know everything about rome , the middle age and the 18th and 19th centuries ( but i guess it 's not the point ) . 
  communism is a movement that fought for more equality , to enter in an era without dominated and dominating ones . 
  its main issue is that , since it 's meant to be based on the workers ' revolution , it has poured way too much blood , and ended up in way too many dictatorships due to ambitious and ruthless men . 
  now let 's take the opposite , right ? 
  fascism , nationalism are based on the inequality of races . 
  how much blood has poured due to xenophobia ? 
  how much blood has poured due to elder conservative systems ? 
  you 've been brainwashed . 
  for real . 
  no , they 're not . 
  i 've talked with communism from the four quarters of europe , with some from america , and i 've encountered few who believed in an autoritary system . 
  i understand that your nationality may be the source of an anti-russian and anti-communism feeling , but it remains stupid . 
  communism is fully acceptable . 
  it 's an alternative system , and nothing in its theories is anywhere close to the ideas of the far-right parties rising in all of europe, 
  communism and the acts of stalin are two different things . 
  you are cluelessly linking one to another . 
  i do know that the ussr , especially the goulag system , has killed many more people than the final solution . 
  but stalin 's government is far from actual communism . 
  it 's an oppressive dictatorship , with many common points with nazi germany , such as propaganda . 
  now do n't fucking dare telling me that most of today 's communists are stalinists . 
  if you really know communism , tell me how close is stalin 's ussr to the ideal system explained in marx 's ( and engels ' ) books . 
  your comment is completely retarded and betrays a tremendous lack of political knowledge . 
  thank you, 
  do you know , for examples , which brands are polish and which are russian ( or others ) ? 
  i 'm only good at drinking em, 
  there is extremely few `` cheap educated labor from eastern europe '' in france . 
  most of the ppl from eastern europe in france are polish , on top of that . 
  i do n't think poland needs russia to accept their artists to be one of the top death metal countries in the world . 
  all hail !, 
  i have to say that i do n't know the situation in austria as much as the one in france , but from what i 've seen it 's been like that for a long time .
