  on the other hand , france 's far-wing has collapsed after 2002 's elections , and it 's been rising for only a few years , and quickly . 
  you know , everyone keeps talking about the debt , in every country , but we must keep in mind that it 's not such a big deal . 
  and would orb\u00e0n be able to improve the situation or am i completely wrong ? 
  my bad then . 
  still a worrying situation in france . 
  could you explain me a bit the situation in hungary ? 
  some of my roots are here . 
  france got higher in 2002 i believe ( talking about results of far-right party ) . 
  and currently far-right keeps rising hugely in the nation of human rights and diplomacy . 
  i have , but i 'd rather say i 'm from hordaland . 
  i would n't call that patriotism , just local pride buddy, 
  your sentence makes no sense . 
  we existed before !, 
  and disappeared for some centuries , okay ... 
  i was born in bergen and agree on that . 
  china 's political system is communist . 
  i agree on that , but it 's definitely not an oppressive dictatorship . 
  and those human riches are likely to improve in the future . 
  i get your point , the only thing that disturbs me is the automatic connexion made by people who assume communism includes dictatorship . 
  this is due to the fact that communism has risen in countries in crisis , bringing to the development of communism , an idea therefore used by men looking for power . 
  communism has been perverted by ambition . 
  yes . 
  current china . 
  you carelessly link communism and dictatorship . 
  this is horribly wrong . 
  i have seen recent stats saying that russia was 2nd and the us 3rd, 
  the thing is that there is no western unity against russia , for the almighty reason that none of these countries are willing to face it and even fight it if needed . 
  i 'm not pro-russian nor filfull of patriotism , but i have one single question : why would n't france ( and overall western european countries ) be allowed to maintain a good relationship with russia ? 
  i agree that putin 's belligerence is worrying , but why would a state be forced to stop trading with russia ? 
  on top of that , warships is not an element that would hugely increase moscow 's might . 
  and i do n't feel like i 've seen eu raise their shields together and face that `` great eastern terror '' . 
  only the usa have shown real reactions to the russian threat . 
  and how logical is that ... 
  they still keep scars of the cold war , yes , but also they have an army almost as strong as russia 's one . 
  plus the usa are always reacting to any behaviour contesting their hegemony and will of greatness . 
  i 'd say low . 
  sorry , ca n't tell , i do n't know that film !, 
  the people of france will never be fully happy about anything . 
  i can quite safely say that we have one of the best health care system in the world , but it embodies a major part of the national debt , thing is that touching it would raise way too many angry voices . 
  outside from that , the crisis that has strongly strikken the country has worsened the mentalities . 
  i 've never been able to bear french mentalities and values . 
  we are no longer the nation of freedom , equality and brotherhood , but rather `` your ass first '' , we became an individualistic country . 
  we are now even left to behold fascism rising . 
  france is a beautiful land , with one of the richest cultures and histories of europe , but it is declining badly right now . 
  i 've been travelling a lot , and plan on leaving the country in june , cause france is in deep shit and the situation does n't seem to be about to change ( and i 'm especially talking about politics ) . 
  french film un proph\u00e8te by audiard . 
  unbelievably great film . 
  you should hang out more on this subreddit . 
  every post related to ukraine ends up insulting russians themselves , usually calling them retarded and violent . 
  about france , well still american republicans did a good job spreading hate around , especially on the internet . 
  your numbers are false . 
  i have no exact number nor source to back me up , but i remember studying ww2 enough that there were many more, 
  bac es ( economic and social ) here ( i live in france ) . 
  i made 12 pages out of the philosophy subject about the individual and society , and it was definitely not 12 pages of explanation of my own opinion . 
  basically , you are required to have a certain knowledge of a bunch of authors ' theories , and from there you have to reflect and criticise , as well as confronting them with other authors ' thoughts . 
  to sum up , your opinion does n't matter that much : it 's your ability to debate , criticise , confront that is evaluated . 
  you 're given a question , you have to challenge it . 
  one simple thing : why would france have left the eurozone in 2009 ? 
  first of all , they held off against the first blows of the crisis very well , second the departure of one of the two pillars of the eu from the euro would have been a disaster, 
  montmartre is also a cool discrit to visit , although it 's in the southernmost part of the 18th ( so less north than other places such as porte de la chapelle ), 
  montmartre is a cool discrit to visit though , although it 's in the southernmost part of the 18th ( so less north than other places such as porte de la chapelle ), 
  it definitely slows down its growth and is a problem for a future as well as a spine in the back of its economy . 
  moreover it makes italy less reliable . 
  been living in lyon for 5 years , can confirm , it 's absolutely amazing . 
  people are much nicer than stereotypes let you expect , the city is so lively and beautiful , the weather is a really cool . 
  definitely a great place . 
  well , you may not believe it , it 's due to your ` murican pride i suppose . 
  though i 'd advice you to gather information on the subject . 
  he definitely was , and was an extremely efficient agent of the cia . 
  later on the cia tried to prevent as much as possible the advance of the fbi 's research on bin laden . 
  yeah but italy has far more important inner issues to deal with than germany and france, 
  italy . 
  spain is the 5th largest economy , and is now growing back after a terrible depression . 
  italy is rarely referred as such . 
  usually it 's france and germany , who are the core economies of the eu . 
  and both those countries are growing decently while not having suffered that much from the financial crisis . 
  so yeah , the eu is still growing mainly thanks to german exports and french imports . 
  my bin laden points are right . 
  he was trained and employed by the cia as a spy agent , and was provided weapons and financial funds against the soviets during the invasion of afghanistan . 
  your argument is basically chainsaw diplomacy . 
  seriously . 
  plus i do n't deny that kicking talibans out of afghanistan was a bad idea - destroying the country and its infrastructure , murdering its citizens , failing to get rid of the talibans , occupying the country and pushing it into a terrible political instability and tense divide , however , is what i call a failure . 
  your government was also ok to harbour bin laden . 
  hell , it even helped him and trained him . 
  also , i do n't believe afghanistan 's government was responsible for 9/11 . 
  you had no right to destroy this country as you did . 
  norwegian : native french : learned in school , currently living in france german : learned in school , used to live in germany polish , russian : thanks to family , used to live in those countries hungarian , serbian , italian : thanks to family links and personal interest, 
  large scale peaceful protests are either due to huge political abuses of social rights ( i.e ferguson , baltimore , birmingham ) or the consequence of an important event that gathers civilians around a common cause ( marches in france prior to the charlie hebdo events ) . 
  never for political opinions , most people are not enough politically implied . 
  not as much as you seem to think . 
  you wo n't find anarcho-liberals in anarchist groups , whereas you 'll find revolutionary anarchists , anarcho-communists and anarcho-syndicalists . 
  which leads to a sort of a paradoxical situation . 
  however , if you look closely , you realise that anarchists do both peaceful and offensive demonstrations . 
  then , which ones people pay attention to ? 
  even though riots obviously bias people against your struggle , it may also bring them to think about your ideas and positions . 
  anarchists are far-leftists . 
  american libertarians are right wing . 
  it is , sadly . 
  riots are the best way to be heard and listened to for protesters , whereas peaceful demonstrations never lead to anything . 
  also the same thing happened in france , west germany , and italy , on a lesser level for the latter .
