  i find ridiculous that nowadays one may still say that capitalism is great ( except businessmen ) , yet i encounter one everyday . 
  a matter of opinions i suppose . 
  because it is not a good thing ? 
  it is a system of alienation and modern slavery , which only benefits the upper classes . 
  capitalism is responsible for the whole economic madness of the world we currently live in , in which companies and the members of their headquarters keep getting bigger and bigger , while common people do not get higher wages and suffer from the austerity measures taken by the european union ( meanwhile , big corporations get fiscal bonuses ) . 
  as if it completely stopped the process . 
  yeah , there are actually people who think and try to change things as poverty keeps on rising in germany and unregulated capitalism is slowly taking grasp on the country . 
  is that a joke ? 
  look through the comments of this thread or of threads about , say , syriza , podemos , islam and dare saying that again . 
  yes , german police is as violent as others . 
  how many times peaceful revolutions have actually achieved something ? 
  do not lie to yourself, 
  that is due to the fact that it 's the right-wing that is in power most of the time , and that our societies are capitalist , liberal and often quite conservative . 
  `` antifa '' is a group spread in all of europe . 
  they basically fight with far-right activists , hence their name , and are indeed often extremely radical ( this was the word you were looking for instead of `` fascist '' ) . 
  because obviously policemen attacked the students with flowers and rainbows . 
  i understand your point ; however , nationalism is what brought the usa to its current stage , and one may argue that it still plays a rather important role nowadays . 
  russia ... well , has an army . 
  although we could predict that nationalism may also bring russia back to its former status of superpower , or at least world power ( russian demography was really shred to pieces during the xxth century ) . 
  it works really well with the usa , where `` patriotism '' ( that 's what they call it , though it 's definitely nationalism ) basically keeps the country standing . 
  nothing represents norwegian metal better than black metal , which we definitely exported even more than oil . 
  i will put my bergen pride aside and chose emperor : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tcczs_velia, 
  there are 562 recognized languages in nigeria . 
  i doubt anyone can beat that, 
  you blame his aggressive generalization ( which i also despise ) , yet do the same ? 
  it has a long way to go before reaching the daily mail 's level . 
  there has obviously never been a single war waged in pre-collombian america . 
  guess you chose to support fascism and neo-nazis . 
  / u/walt _ ua could you stop your ukrainian propaganda now ? 
  you 've won already , all of / r/europe roots for kiev . 
  you ought to bring this to an end , this bullshit is getting annoying . 
  it is not , but since everyone on this subreddit is pro-ukraine , people shut their eyes on the manifest fascism of kiev . 
  i lived in russia for 14 months . 
  i suppose i did last there . 
  because the usa had more to get out of this . 
  does `` containment '' echo anything ? 
  ohhh , poor americans , getting blamed is so rough !, 
  maybe the us ought to think twice next time . 
  and throw the country into political instability for ages , completely fucking up their development ( lybia , iraq ) . 
  it was never violently assaulted by the watchdog of the world , nor its international coalition composed of some of the strongest armies in the world . 
  they do n't get tired of dictators . 
  if those were giving their oil to the us , i am 100 % sure they would not get attacked . 
  you do n't understand how this subreddit works . 
  denounce russia , even with lies , upvotes . 
  denounce the usa with facts , downvotes . 
  you never got rid of your love for dictatorships though . 
  could you remind me which secret services organised the coup against mossadegh in iran ? 
  cia , that 's goddamn right . 
  this was in 1991 , gulf war . 
  the conflict people were referring to was the invasion of iraq in 2003 by a us-led `` coalition '' ( a coalition composed of george w. bush and his poodle , tony blair ) , which was waged without any valuable reason except falsified proofs , and without the un agreement on top of that ( france put their veto , although germany and russia warned the us aswell ) . 
  about your argument , well , talk about double standards . 
  israel invaded a bunch of countries since its creation , yet it was never violently assaulted . 
  sorry man , in current yurop people complain about russian propaganda yet believe anything they see on the internet , they are against racism and for equality yet spit on russians ( and muslims ) anytime they can , and most importantly they compare putin to hitler yet support the fascist government of kiev that has neo-nazis in its ranks . 
  but yeah , russians are obviously so stupid and obnoxious , we yuropeans are obviously much better . 
  even though claiming that banknotes would be printed with hitler on it is definitely stupid , it does reflect the values of ukrainian elites ... 
  french-british friendship , someday ? 
  they could stay , but they would have even fewer chances of getting a job than in northern europe, 
  yeah , i mean , one ca n't have everything ... 
  if you are looking for warmer people and culture , you might choose latin countries, 
  be careful though . 
  violating swiss neutrality would mean being over the 25 infamy limit, 
  i know it 's hard to imagine , but there are many other cities than paris in france . 
  many of which also hosted this kind of demonstration . 
  many preventive arrests and `` perquisitions '' without warrant were done thanks to the state of emergency and against environmental and far-left activists . 
  thousands of cases have been reported , and a small percentage of them was aimed at actual `` violent rioters '' . 
  i love how you only included anglo-saxon countries . 
  'cause the rest of the world is n't worth much right, 
  ` murican pride spreading shitty blockbusters and awful music around the world . 
  i feel grateful you 're there to make our culture better . 
  have n't observed that in any other country ? 
  ever heard about the one that lies on the other side of the rhine ? 
  your uncle was only frustrated . 
  french healthcare is really fucking good . 
  i know what happened there . 
  there are other means to treat a problem than bombs - though you americans seem to have a hard time understanding that, 
  for you the end justifies the means i guess . 
  this is not central europe, 
  they would n't need those if you had n't bombed the shit out of their country . 
  and this money has no purpose but to make politicians richer . 
  really ? 
  compare the 2nd gulf war 's aftermath and the crimea crisis ' aftermath . 
  saying shia is considered an heresy by sunnis is wrong ; there is indeed however a lot of tensions between both , sunnis consider shia as madmen . 
  that 's a bit of a bold statement . 
  several far-right parties ( i.e front national ) may be funded by russia , but i would n't go further than that, 
  occupation , colonisation , oppression and the occasionnal bombings or attacks by israeli soldiers who can freely kill palestinians without any punishment is far worse than restricted freedoms of iran . 
  i was surprised at italy and france 's rankings . 
  how the mighty have fallen ... 
  yeah , i mean brussels is only one of the richest subregions in europe , located in flanders but with large french-speaking majority . 
  german is actually the most common origin in the us, 
  yep , and some people also dislike the us for a valid reason . 
  i 'm not questioning any of those opinions , i 'm not saying people who dislike russia are stupid . 
  i 'm only pointing out at which is the most appreciated country in this subreddit, 
  i ca n't have a political debate with someone who brings up `` evil '' in the discussion . 
  this is the most stupid point one can make in politics . 
  there 's no good nor evil in politics - only interests . 
  ... do you even understand what philosophy and theories in general are all about ? 
  subscribing to principles written a long time ago is automatically to be invalidated for you ? 
  you completely miss the point . 
  the emphasis should n't be put on the punishment , but on the act itself instead . 
  freedom of speech does n't exist if there are things you ca n't say without being punished .
