  except it was the us army . 
  you seem to love being a slave . 
  si tu cherches du bon rap fran\u00e7ais actuel , \u00e9coute 5 majeur , lomepal , fixpen sill , georgio , vald , la smala ( belges pour le coup ) , lucio bukowski , alpha wann , bavoog avers , demi portion , nemir , mothas la mascarade , set & match , ce genre de trucs . 
  because sadly neo-nazi groups are quite numerous in eastern europe . 
  many far-right nationalist organisations are close to this ideology . 
  just like every goddamn developed country . 
  it should be this way , though it 's not . 
  in fact , everything linked with communism is banned - not only the few remaining totalitarians . 
  you sound like a really angry person . 
  do you want a cookie ? 
  africa ? 
  you are active on this subreddit . 
  my `` assumptions '' are not based solely on your comments on this thread . 
  yet i 'm sure you complain about those immigrants in the uk who ca n't speak english and do n't integrate . 
  most interesting : france without a doubt . 
  one of the world 's richest histories and cultures ( philosophy , literature , poetry , music ) , many different kinds of landscapes , and nowadays complicated yet fascinating politics . 
  least interesting : i 'll have to go with luxembourg . 
  do you even know what a dialect is ? 
  i think albiana was iconoclast orthodox , although i 'm not sure . 
  though it was of prime importance in england . 
  french was also spoken among almost all european courts and elites from late middle age until xviii-xixth . 
  which also leads to fact 3 ) english is considered by linguists as a dialect of french . 
  the thing is that iran would never make use of these bombs . 
  and honestly it would n't change much for saudi arabia ; as you said , they can get some on command . 
  the agitation of world powers is only due to the fact that they do n't want a country they consider an enemy to get such a weapon . 
  yet iran is a huge danger and should never have nuclear weapons , am i right ? 
  an absolute monarchy . 
  this is a superficial answer to a large post , however i think that in your scenario , france ought to be be among creditors . 
  it still is the eu 's 2nd biggest economy , despite its recent and current economic struggles , and one of the biggest creditors of europe . 
  i do n't think setting it in the creditors ' block would be a good idea for both france and the eu . 
  definitely not fully , though it has already taken austerity measures ( thus enacting it partly ) and brussels keep pushing france further on that path . 
  having an undervalued currency definitely benefits to german exports - however it is true that it is a drawback for greece to have the same currency . 
  the thing is that most of eu needs economic growth right now , and austerity has done poorly for many european countries . 
  this is where different interests clash : germany , uk , the netherlands have been successful under austerity , unlike countries like france or southern ones . 
  excuse me then . 
  yet , why would they get their former currency back ? 
  the euro also greatly benefits them . 
  why would they ? 
  germany is the country is the country that certainly benefits the most from the eu . 
  on top of that , it is one of the two pillars of the eu , without them the whole organization would collapse . 
  i did leave norway , and i do n't regret it . 
  the social welfare and quality of living is not everything in one 's life . 
  because none of the european governments want to . 
  i am not . 
  i do n't really feel like being submitted to a foreign power . 
  the people has too few power already , we 're not going to give it away for washington . 
  i said `` more and more '' . 
  us approval in latin america has definitely been decreasing these last decades , not only among the population but also politically ( hugo chavez in venezuela , as well as bolivian and nicaraguayan governments for example ) . 
  yes : the only goals of the marshall plan were 1 / containing communism and maintaining its ideology in the west 2 / make sure to submit western europe under its hegemony and influence . 
  `` a few leftist countries '' almost all of latin america is leftist . 
  you ca n't deny the fact that those countries and their populations have grown more and more defiant towards the us and opposed to them throughout the last decades . 
  * protected their interests and imposed their hegemony ftfy, 
  outside of europe , new zealand . 
  if it had to be in europe , i would say france ( in which i currently live ) or czech republic . 
  norwegian living in france here . 
  i miss the snowy winters of norway . 
  it might sound weird , but lyon is too hot for a nordic like me . 
  i 'd say i also miss the calm atmosphere , that i sometimes find really enjoyable . 
  i might be wrong , but i believe anyone born on french soil gets french nationality ( and only this one ) . 
  it 's called the `` droit du sol '' . 
  as an inhabitant of france , you 're doing a fairly good job at it despite the economic difficulties of the moment . 
  however , i do n't know if that will hold after 2017 ... 
  far-right parties are not really pro-german either . 
  add to that the massive slaughters commited by french surrealist poets ( \u00c9luard , aragon , breton ) and several philosophers ( sartre , as well as camus who was tied with communism ) of the xxth century and you really end up with an horrible ideology . 
  honestly i highly doubt that , since i 've been in slav countries many times ( especially poland , but also ukraine and croatia for instance ) , and on top of that i am not the only one who had such experiences with slavs . 
  i understand your point and definitely agree on that , latin culture is naturally more bent towards social ideas . 
  my point was simply that blue countries , as important as they are , are not the `` centre '' of europe . 
  it lacks two of its four biggest economies . 
  from my very own experience , russians are as xenophobic as other slavs . 
  i doubt there are communists in this summit . 
  `` the blue countries are just the core european countries '' i did n't know france was secondary in europe . 
  my personam favourite french novel is le rouge et le noir , by stendhal . 
  such a masterpiece, 
  1 ) because patriotism ( or rather nationalism ) is stupid from my perspective . 
  it means taking pride for something you had no influence on . 
  you had no responsibility in the development of your country , nor in the geographic location of your place of birth . 
  you are proud of the piece of land you live in . 
  2 ) you really freak me out . 
  do you realize `` us hegemony '' is no longer a thing ? 
  it is indeed the world 's most important power - though it is not its only nation . 
  because us hegemony has never led to armed conflicts ( * cough * 1991 , 2001 , 2003 * cough * ), 
  i am deeply sorry for your american patriotism , but a truly multipolar world is the situation that is bound to happen . 
  it has already largely begun . 
  i might be wrong , but i strongly believe that it is the american government that is chasing edward snowden . 
  am i wrong ? 
  well , i am . 
  i was born in the east of bergen . 
  if you believe i am russian on the sole reason that i refuse to take kiev 's side and because i talk about facts ( not interpretation ) , then you definitely need to reconsider a few things in your mind . 
  booh , the consulate is getting evicted !, 
  what a pity !, 
  i do not understand , poland did nothing to deserve this !, 
  do you really think that polish agressivity would be effective ? 
  be realistic . 
  it is a civil war , both officially and in reality . 
  there is a civil uprising in the whole eastern part of the country , rebellion which is indeed supported by moscow . 
  stop twisting the reality already . 
  what a smart move . 
  this is definitely the best way to calm things down and stop the ukrainian civil war . 
  congratulations poland . 
  vague because i am definitely not going to make a full explanation of my opinion on capitalism .
