  in social terms , they indeed do terrible . 
  it 's been left-centre for decades , indeed . 
  all but besancenot the postman . 
  a true french-blooded man can not be named hollande and have the charisma of an oyster though, 
  he 's frankish , that is to say ( even though he reigned in current germany ), 
  china , usa , france , germany , brazil , india , russia do n't . 
  most of the top countries definitely are n't monarchies . 
  the language is probably what weights the most , actually . 
  i had been living in oslo 2 years , got quite mocked when i said i was from bergen haha . 
  well , i heard about it , indeed , however i never really paid attention to it . 
  does sandnes ' dialect have many uncommon ways ? 
  as someone who grew in bergen , it has to be oslo . 
  for the sake of it . 
  i see , i was confused at the sight of an article in the telegraph being somewhat positive about france . 
  not exactly the biggest if i 'm not mistaken , bordeaux is larger for example , but rather in other criteriums . 
  lyon is smaller than marseille , but it is by far the 2nd major french city . 
  russia did a thousand times more than the us in ww2 . 
  get your shit right . 
  and britain seeing themselves as least arrogant is also ... 
  laughable . 
  especially since there is no rivalry between them nor any reason to got at war with each other . 
  i speak 5 continental europe languages and i can confirm , they do . 
  but they 're much less often happening than british ones , and we do n't get to see them every two days on / r/europe, 
  being only overtaken by india is utopist though . 
  those self-congratulation british articles will never stop . 
  and keep being stupid . 
  i 'll try and take you a nice picture from france the day after tomorrow . 
  americanism in a nutshell : affirm my superiority over you assuming you do n't care about it no matter how important it is , set my own country as your lord and saviour , state that we are the origin of you and end up with contempt and denial . 
  nice display . 
  do you live in europe ? 
  how can you judge how europeans feel about this then ? 
  do you really think we `` eat up '' the nsa ? 
  you 're so wrong . 
  does a word like nsa echo anything to you ? 
  i do n't think girls show their bras to everybody in the streets though . 
  your last sentence is quite funny , considering you come from the us . 
  freedom is as important to anglo-saxons as to other european cultures . 
  i see that british never miss an opportunity to dismiss the french ... 
  cute , especially given that french people tend not to give a fuck about their channel neighbours . 
  keep going , it 's definitely the right way . 
  it 's hilarious how many british , and especially the telegraph , bash france free lu and for no reason , and like to think they do the same . 
  `` pernicious anglo-saxons '' , there 's no one who says that here . 
  is that real ? 
  usa close to utopia ? 
  hell i do n't think so . 
  why so quick anger ? 
  he was talking about guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant , duke of normandy who , in 1066 , took over the throne of england . 
  not the hundred-years war ( that was still own by the french in the end , despite several military failures ), 
  it has happened many times in the last 1000 years . 
  we are chill guys . 
  then enlighten us with your almighty knowledge and infinite wisdom . 
  i did n't deny this , and i actually really appreciate this , but saying that they will be on france 's level is overestimating the growth of poland . 
  i 've been saying that poland has a bright future for years ( when i lived in katowice in fact ) , but there is still a large margin . 
  the demography for example is an element to be kept in mind . 
  as / u/seefor said , there is a 27 million people difference between those 2 countries , and poland has a low demographic growth just as other european countries . 
  i completely agree with your point , and i think that building a wall is a tremendously stupid decision . 
  but then , which solution is available ? 
  developed countries are not able to make changes in all those countries who suffer from this type of issues , therefore what is available ? 
  it is so goddamn easy to claim that `` the world is a shitty place '' . 
  indeed , there are many countries in which living conditions are terrible and the governments are oppressive . 
  some people lived in such country , some do n't . 
  on the other hand , there are countries where living is indeed much `` easier '' , thanks to social measures , healthcare , democracy and such . 
  but these countries also face issues . 
  do you believe they should accept to host all those harassed people ? 
  it is simply not possible . 
  here , unlike what several people in this thread seem to think , it 's not about what one thinks , it 's about how you lead a state . 
  now please , stop acting as if you were the great defender of human rights , it 's easy not to mind the complexity of a state 's policy and say that less lucky people are to be accepted without condition . 
  your whole rethoric makes no sense . 
  do you find it normal that some dudes illegally enter a country and then ask for all the advantages this country has to offer ? 
  france already has some problems with housing , unemployment , there is a reason why immigration is regulated . 
  i 've been living in france for 5 years , and i 've never encountered any immigrant like this one . 
  do many ask it the same way as these ones or is it an isolated case ? 
  and americans seem to hate french people due to clich\u00e9s . 
  what are we waiting for !, 
  he 's not mocking the fact that they are looking for human rights , he only points at the absurdity of what those immigrants say . 
  have you read what he wrote or you just picked up the part you needed ? 
  all those articles about how awesome is the uk lately ... that 's a display of british pride or what, 
  therefore 2nd biggest economy in eu ? 
  that would be one hell of a growth, 
  just saying , there is actually a somewhat `` big '' neo-nazi movement in poland . 
  ( not to insult our fellow poles , i 'm half polish ), 
  i would 've never guessed i would one day feel sad because of a publicity about a bus ... 
  but seriously , how do they expect to convince people like that ? 
  communication mistake ... 
  i do n't think that a combined army of the whole eu is doable , unless the european federation comes to be . 
  but more cooperation between countries and rising defense budgets should take place , because they have to face what 's going on and show that they are reactive . 
  i 'm actually for the entrance of norway in the eu . 
  if eastern european countries unite to face the huge threat represents for them ( including actually norway and finland ) , i dare to hope that western europe would not leave them be . 
  even though france and germany really do n't want their relations with russia to worsen , they must take side with countries belonging to the eu and nato . 
  it 's not what i meant . 
  the usa seems much readier to prevent putin from acting , due to their ( obviously ) strong military , long-time rivalry and the threat russia means for american influence ( and likely other reasons ) . 
  i do n't mean that the us is willing to trigger a war . 
  no one wants that . 
  that is terrible ... has there been any demonstration or petition ( or something like that ) to force the us to withdraw from sardinia ? 
  european federation seems the best of a name . 
  federate states of europe sounds too american , as well as use . 
  it 's not completely worthless , because after all in case of a major-scale war they would act , however they are absolutely untrustworthy in their behaviour , and will always follow their own interests no matter of the rest . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  they are just imperialists who are willing to keep control on everything happening . 
  however , i think european countries should invest more in defense , and in the protection of eastern states .
