  but at least they had been radicalized and networking , so we might get a handle on them that way . 
  then it was `` a lone guy radicalizing himself on the internet , did n't even attend mosque '' tricky !, 
  now there 's this one and we are told `` he was n't even radicalized * at all * '' completely out of the blue . 
  so it could be just about anybody , using as weapons just about anything , and that 's what makes it scary . 
   i mean , they 're also bipedal , so it 's clearly a bipedal problem ? 
  there 's always somebody claiming it 's a male problem ... 
  i know that , but law experts stated ( just heard it on german news ) that even under the new law those convicted so far would not have gone to prison . 
  yes , but it 's the * other * war . 
  the one where the equation germany = evil , not germany = not evil is much less clear cut . 
  i am happy that we are finally able to mostly see it as a huge and futile tragedy that left everybody for the worse . 
  it 's no use as long as convicted people walk from the courthouse free and laughing . 
  a suspended sentence only has an effect on people who have a reputation to lose . 
  for the others it is the same as no sentence . 
  like it used to say on the blood donation forms , `` freiwilliger selbstausschluss '' ( voluntary self exclusion ) . 
  well , last month we were at the rooftop bar of [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/uniqa_tower#/media/file:uniqa_tower.jpg ) viennese building , and it was not quite as much . 
  although the building is much lower . 
  i dunno , i do n't have much experience with skyscrapers . 
  my girlfriend was at the lounge there yesterday for after work drinks with her department . 
  she says the drinks were overpriced . 
  it seem to me that there is no left in the classical sense anymore . 
  in my own country , our new leftist chancellor was ceo of the main railway company before that . 
  so much for class struggle , i guess . 
  i do n't know if it 's only me , but it looks like now * everything * gets defined by their immigration/globalization politics and little else . 
  even lgbt rights get thrown under the bus if they comes in conflict with those issues . 
  useful idiots ? 
  how on earth is such a thing useful for anybody ? 
  certainly not for `` their '' side , but not even for the other one . 
  i mean , hate mail is bad enough , but at least there is that effect that once you can show that you received death threats you have kind of automatically won the debate ( which the hate mailers do n't seem to grasp . ), 
  but this is so bad that it ca n't be used by either side , because that would be disgusting . 
  like the orlando shooting , do you think that will help the lgbt community ? 
  i doubt it . 
  things like that are just a useless insane shit tragedies . 
  you can argue ( and people sometimes do ) that if you want to be truly modern and liberal and tolerant ( as many countries including germany certainly strive to be ) polygamy will inevitably have to be accepted . 
  i do n't like it even a bit , but there are arguments there that are not trivially dismissible , the longer you think about it . 
  it is a thing we 'll have to wrestle with it the future , i fear . 
  god , i wish we still had confidence in our own values , like people did in antiquity . 
  `` your tribe has your customs , and our tribe has our own . 
  that 's just how we do things . '', 
  the way it is now we have the habit of fearing that we are wrong , and that we 'd better adopt other people 's customs . 
  `` we hold these truths to be self-evident '' says the us declaration of independence . 
  why can we never feel sure about anything ? 
  if that is the reason , then austria should be the same color as iceland . 
  i believe here the limit it is even 12 weeks . 
  if you cut the corners of a pyramid , you get a cone . 
  or maybe a frustrum . 
   johannes diodato sounds more south tyrolean than armenian it does , but according to german wikipedia ( for whatever that is worth ) claims he changed his ame from the original * owanes astouatzatur * ( born in istanbul around 1640 ) . 
  is that an armenian name ? 
  does r/europe have armenian users who can tell us ? 
  apparently behind the iron curtain burglars preferred them over [ striped shirts ] ( http://cdn.heavencostumes.com.au/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/s/m/smf-38632-bank-robber-mens-cat-burglar-costume-700.jpg ) . 
  it would be nice if a serbian user ( or anybody else who knows ) could fill us in on the serbian political situation . 
  our media fails us on this as they always do with foreign elections , e.g. 
  even with france or netherlands we get the names and faces , but rarely the platforms . 
  who is a good alternative to vu\u010di\u0107 and what do they stand for ? 
  my serbian ex-gf apparently liked \u0160e\u0161elj , which worried me a bit . 
  same reason robbers mug old ladies and drunks and not huge muscular dudes . 
  you attack where it 's easy . 
  and also people tend to attack where they are living . 
  a whole shit week , considering khan shaykun and st.petersburg . 
  or maybe a shit year which already began last year . 
  shitty times . 
  history repeats itself ; first as a tragedy , then as a farce , then as a franchise reboot . 
   criminal minority that was n't what i was thinking about . 
  but consider this : there 's this young guy , his whole extended family are collecting their savings to find the sum to get him to europe . 
  he is supposed to do the pioneering work , find a job really quick and send the money back home so they can come too . 
  but it turns out that despite expectations money does not lie on the streets in europe and jobs are hard to come by when your education is abysmal . 
  so they fail their obligation to their family , which puts them under tremendous pressure . 
  also they are young guys in a country where alcohol is legal , abundant and cheap and they have no experience in handling it . 
  also they speak no european language nor arabic , so they can only sozialize within their own group , which naturally makes them band together . 
  and that 's not even touching the subject of approaching european social mores according to an afghan ruleset , which i wo n't go into , because that shit is a minefield . 
  i have now already said more about this than i wanted to . 
   i also would doubt that you 're going to get the real hicks when it comes to afghanistan on a consistent basis . 
  we get the hicks alright , but many of them are `` unattended minors '' , i.e. 
  single young guys , who make all kinds of problems , but i agree with you that child marriages are not a statistically significant problem at the moment . 
  i was once singing in a choir , we were doing an american gospel mass , which had a couple of passages in latin . 
  the choirmaster made us sing it with a deliberate english pronunciation . 
  next year we did the christmas oratorio of saint-sa\u00ebns ( also latin ) and he made us sing it with a french pronunciation . 
  i shudder to remember . 
  technically the european anthem is just the music , without any lyrics . 
  the reason is obvious . 
   i was n't aware the majority of the refugees and migrants you were taking came from the rural parts of afghanistan or yemen . 
  well , afghans * are * the [ second largest group ] ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/154287/umfrage/hauptherkunftslaender-von-asylbewerbern/ ) of refugees/immigrants , right after syrians . 
  there are not many from yemen though , due to the saudi-imposed blockade of the country . 
  people ca n't get out . 
  personally , i 'm partial to * bella gerant alii , tu felix austria nube * . 
  others can wage wars , you lucky austria get married . 
  it 's about how the habsburg marriages were often success stories and gained them lots of territory , while the wars were mostly disasters . 
  i am trying to do my part , but the germans are not yielding without a struggle . 
  they created their own subreddit for that purpose too . 
  always efficient and organized , i see . 
  and some people do not seem to get that the yellow stripe is wider than the red ones . 
   in short , california is more likely to divide into itself before it divides away from the country . 
  something something san andreas fault ... 
  huh ?? 
  edit : i suppose it 's because people were assuming you were being sarcastic . 
  i was not sure myself . 
  almost everybody is sarcastic on the internet . 
  sorry about that . 
  that was my point . 
  for example the french revolution was more than 200 years ago and still there remains this catholic-conservative streak from the countryside which fn feeds from . 
  or another , the soviet-forced secularization of afghanistan was obviously just a very thin surface coating .
