  was it at least a [ war hammer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_hammer ) ? 
  they seem to be scraping the barrel now . 
  next it will be attack with a pointy stick . 
  then we are down to bananas . 
  fortunately there are proven methods against that . 
  the terrorist butt shot by the force of police commissioner dick . 
  try [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_terms_used_for_germans#piefke_.28pejorative.29 ) . 
  the expression '' * mein * kampf '' will immediately remind everybody of the book . 
  but the word kampf itself is perfectly fine . 
  the recent klitschko/joshua boxing fight was advertised on tv as `` der gro\u00dfe kampf '' . 
  tekken is either playing it safe to a silly extent or what 's more likely , they have fallen prey to the current german/austrian fashion of using as much english as possible in titles , political terms and slogans . 
  many movies are now using the original english title with the translation as a small-print subtitle . 
  i guess it 's supposed to sound more badass . 
  it means both . 
  we have no seperate word for struggle . 
  you can say kampf ( fight ) or maybe ringen ( wrestling ) . 
  or more classic : `` who pays the piper calls the tune . '', 
  he probably was drawing in a large sand box on the floor , as was common for mathematicians at the time ( papyrus was too expensive for doodles ) , and the roman dude stepped in it . 
  this is interesting . 
  i was under the impression that iced tea contains the absolutely minimum amount of actual tea that still allows it to be legally labelled as `` tea '' . 
  so either that minimum is different between countries or there 's fraud happening . 
  ... but still ca n't get over the fact that stuff is often cheaper in `` richer '' countries . 
  many of our eastern neighbors come shopping to austria because it costs less ( most noticable wth clothes ) . 
  it boggles the mind . 
  i heard a comment when renzi quit last year that we now live in an age of attention deficient voters who do n't have the patience to give a government time for long-term reforms , so what you get is a fast cycle of hot air populism , meteroic rise , disappointed promises and ignominious downfall , to be repeated with the next populist clown . 
  so maybe that 's what the future holds everywhere . 
  on our roadtrip last summer avoiding paris was the decision of the year . 
  such grandiose places all over the country !, 
  in fact , if i am not mistaken at one point we stopped at this exact spot in tours . 
  there was a comic book festival too . 
  the word is not italian , and it 's origin is not known . 
  possibly from some greek dialect . 
  the people however are italian , they are active in calabria ( the toe of the italian boot ) . 
  if you 're going to be totally pedantic , i would assume they are actually about to sacrifice that pig to some god . 
  * ' twas brillig , and the slithy toves * * did gyre and gimble in the wabe *, 
  the question these days for a lot of places is whether it 's preferable to sell out to china or some arab country ( saudi , qatar , emirates etc. ) . 
  sometimes russia is also an option . 
  i do n't know , they all sound bad . 
  sure . 
  but i only ever learned about uber when they were already big and nasty and destroying traditional alternatives . 
  i do n't know what they started out as . 
  i ca n't imagine they had it all pre-planned the way it went down . 
  i made a guess . 
  probably a wrong one . 
  do n't be so sure about those `` normal '' companies . 
  they too cut corners where they can . 
  there 's a thing we call `` scheinselbst\u00e4ndigkeit '' in german , fake independent contractors , that are employees for all intents and purposes but classed and payed as independent ( i.e. 
  cheaper and uninsured ) . 
  they did that with me too back when i was working for a school tutoring institute . 
  let 's not pretend that the transportation industry ( both passengers and cargo ) was n't exploitative until now . 
  i got told by an uber driver that they are technically rental cars that by contract come together with a driver . 
  as far as i understand the original idea was ride-sharing and crowd-based private transportation services , was n't it ? 
  of course now a private individual has 0 chance of making money with uber , they can not compete with the brand-new fancy limos and < 5min response times of the professionals . 
  i find that absolutely fascinating : established industries get undercut by app-based tax-free crowdworking systems , which at the same time get undercut by professional industries pushing out the crowdworkers . 
  everybody is infiltrating everybody at the same time . 
  the losers are of course governments ( edit : and obviously workers , although it mostly concerns industries where the situation was bad already ) . 
  in the end the customers gets a cheap service sector but maybe money will run out for the social system . 
  the times they are a-changin ' . 
  if that number holds his lead is even larger than expected . 
  congratulations to the french people , even though the options in the run-off were not totally ideal . 
  but what a bullet dodged . 
  this is unexpected ( unless i 'm just badly informed ) , and certainly not something that germany was driving for . 
  if it 's anything like the situation of the sudeten germans then on the contrary mentioning it in germany would put you under suspicion of being a right-wing extremist . 
  i am saying this as a descendant of expelled sudeten germans myself . 
  does anybody know what the political rationale for this is ? 
  things like that never get done just out of respect for historical factuality . 
  if it is not for buttering up germany , what is it aiming at then ? 
  was it [ this one ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1034314/ ) ? 
  i was always told `` direct democracy only works in switzerland because they are mature enough . '', 
  no , the schnitzel is served with a lemon slice on the plate , which you can then squeeze onto the schnitzel if you chose so . 
  same as you do with fish . 
   underrated tourist city . 
  please do n't give people ideas !, 
  i saw what happened to places like venice and florence , and it 's not something i would wish for my home town . 
  we 're only halfway there yet . 
  divided we fall . 
  it 's essentially a stavkirke with the crosses filed off , is n't it ? 
  but of course stavkirker were just pagan temples with crosses tacked on . 
   who is also a practicing neopagan . 
  ah , but does he practice it sincerily or * ironically * ? 
  nobody who uses the word `` pesky '' is ever serious . 
  i guess they foresaw that the number of member states would increase occasionally ( and * sometimes * decrease too , sigh ) , and did not want to have to redesign the flag every time , like they do in the us . 
  that 's what makes him so great , though . 
  most other politician can only manage to get shit on by seagulls from the air . 
  he could try attaining religious status for his companies ( should be easy with his reputation ) , then he can let people work for as little as he wants , because they 'll count as `` religious volunteers '' . 
  the last time when splitting a small movement even smaller did work was when the bolsheviks split from the mensheviks in 1903 . 
  indeed !, 
  and all these years i thought that the czech hated us . 
  i am touched !, 
  weeell ... image 1 shows the wrong part of the palace building complex ( the national library is off to the side ) , and anyway as anybody can see it is not a regular lending library . 
  ( although i find that sad , i 've always wanted to take some of these leather-bound foliants home with me . ), 
  oh , for sure . 
  and i admit i had to wrestle with it a little bit myself before i went for the first time . 
  not because it was `` gay '' but because it was `` unmanly '' , which is not the same in my mind . 
  anyway i got over it by reminding myself that yoga used to be a male-only thing just 100 years ago and that all those gurus were men too . 
  but my point was , even if e.g. 
  my work colleagues thought i was gay , they would not give me trouble over it . 
  but i might be in an unusally privileged position w.r.t. 
  that . 
  famous , yes .
