  :-p ours mumble , ahh and uhh , hedge every single statement with redundant filler words ( dementsprechend gewisserma\u00dfen sozusagen ) , dodge most questions and never ever finish a sentence unless interrupted . 
  we should not forget that there were many more fascist or almost-fascist governments in europe , and most of them were not * literally * hitler , although bad enough by all means . 
  let 's not forget the mussolinis and francos and horthys and dollfu\u00dfs and salazars and p\u00e9tains and all the others . 
  if we manage to dodge an outright hitler but get one of the other fellows , we are still in for a bad time . 
  there were 5 or 6 speakers of various christian denominations and only this one went down that route . 
  well , no . 
  we do n't have any religious figures present at inaugurations , but if we had they would in all likelihood be from all the established religions of the country , such as on [ this occasion ] ( http://www.bundespraesident.at/newsdetail/artikel/ablehnung-von-gewalt-erklaerung-des-bundespraesidenten-und-der-religionsvertreter/ ) ( see photo on the bottom ) . 
  there was one person each representing catholicism , lutheran protestantism , ecumenical orthodox christianity , judaism , islam and ( for some reason ) methodism . 
  what struck me too was how politically charged these religious statements were . 
  like , the rabbi talking about the lost zion and jerusalem and faithful american allies . 
  that 's a clear political request in light of trump 's musings about moving the us embassy to jerusalem . 
  then right after came that christian dude who noticably stressed jesus as the messiah , as if it were a dig against the previous speaker . 
  and we have a concordate which comes close . 
  i was thinking when i watched the inauguration on tv , americans would accuse euopeans of not separating state and religion on these grounds . 
  and we accuse them of the same for obvious reasons . 
  somehow funny . 
  that is exactly the reason why banning a party is not taken lightly in germany . 
  all brands of cigarettes contain pretty much the same amount of shit , but with websites it is funny to see how it varies , depending on the click-baityness involved . 
  reddit usually has no ad trackers at all , or maybe sometimes one . 
  my favorite respectable newspaper has a couple . 
  bild.de or the daily mail have 16 and more . 
  like wearing trousers ? 
  that too , there 's a lot of blurring , seeing how e.g. 
  angela merkel is now often considered a liberal . 
  but my point was that political liberals today do not necessarily stand for the value that gives them their name , i.e. 
  liberty . 
  for example , the green parties in many countries ( who usually consider themselves liberal ) have recently acquired a reputation as the party that wants to legislate and outlaw just about everything . 
  the president got elected . 
  the chancellor was exchanged a short time before , but that was just a switch inside the same party without an election . 
  i do n't know exactly about the rules in germany , but i think the difference in austria is slightly less marked , although the president still mainly does representation and has nothing to do with the running of the government . 
  that recent election was considered important because of the international symbolism , and because the president has one crucial thing to do , the tasking of a party of his choice to form a government after general elections -- which need not be the party with the most seats , and which with the current seat ratios will likely turn out to be a tricky process . 
  using the standard parlance of today , even being liberal does not mean you are liberal . 
  this is the chancellor being on a populism spree . 
  he is scared about next fall 's election , because if his party does not make 1st place he expects to be manoevered out from the government . 
  apparently people fancied the looks of that zarnaev character back in boston . 
  ( funnily , i once saw a pickpocket in action and he looked exactly like a pickpocket in an old movie . 
  small rat-like dude with flat cap . ), 
  well , if i have 12 guns ( i do n't ! ), 
  and 15 people have none , that 's the average number that comes out . 
  a better statistic would not be guns per people but number of people who own guns . 
  except perhaps there are guns where it is not clear who owns them ( e.g. 
  in a basement somewhere ) . 
  the important point is that they are only grumbling . 
  everybody has a right to grumble -- even try to sue ( like the church did on numerous occasions ) . 
  they are not shooting up the place . 
  that is the crucial thing . 
  personally i recommend counter-caricatures . 
  my serbian ex 's father had a bunch of hunting rifles as well as a number of deer trophies locked away in the attic . 
  he also had a hunting bow . 
  he had worked in forestry in the past . 
  personally i would not give those shitheads the satisfaction of being scared of them . 
  if they manage to change my lifestyle they have won . 
  maybe there 's an element of that ? 
  another things is that germany has been waiting for such a thing to happen for years . 
  was only a matter of time really , and now people just sigh and go `` ah , there it is !, 
  on the wheel of that truck ? 
  greens ( and leader glawischnig in particular ) are very angry with peter pilz right now , because he had the gall to suggest they try to win over larger segments of the population with authentic leftist politics . 
  he is not going to have a good time in the near future . 
  interior minister sobotka tried to take a page out of kurz 's book when he appeared at anne will 's show on election evening , and caught flak for not being at the helm in vienna on the big day . 
  all the time he is trying to imitate those populist strategies which work well with others ( in particular kurz ) and he keeps failing because he is so clumsy . 
  poor man , he is out of his depth . 
  i strongly suspect she had a different definition of the term in mind . 
  one that is not used much any more . 
  i believe it was something like the co-existence of different cultural groups in the same space yet at the same time keeping themselves apart and neither mixing nor influencing each other . 
  like an [ emulsion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emulsion ) . 
  * that * idea is thoroughly dead . 
  nobody can pretend any more that we can just live our lives and ignore the `` others '' and it wo n't bite us in the ass later on . 
  it is important to note that the greens contain different factions ( one time affectionately called the `` realos '' and the `` fundies '' , i.e. 
  realists and fundamentalists ) which do not see eye to eye on many issues . 
  there are old-fashioned environmental activists , aged hippies , feminists of all stripes and also those that approach `` no border '' social activism ( in particular the party 's youth organization , which often gets over-zealous ) . 
  some politicians i suspect only are in the green party because they are immigrants and the greens are more accepting of them . 
  van der bellen is male , old , and used to be university professor in economics . 
  he is as conservative as a european green can possibly be . 
  i do n't think bavarian can be properly written without '' \u00e5 '' . 
  god ? 
  nah , the winner van der bellen is an agnostic , and hofer used `` so help me god '' as a slogan on some posters . 
  chemtrails , for one thing . 
  he made official enquiries to the national council on that subject . 
  austrian right-wingers usually go for the neat `` perfect son-in-law '' look . 
  although in some cases with duelling scars in their faces . 
  not really . 
  he is third chairman of the national council , which is an administrative position . 
  the three people are traditionally chosen from different parties by order of the numbers of their parties ' seats in the council . 
  they are not part of the government in the narrow sense and do in no way lead the country . 
  think of his position like the speaker of the united states house of representatives ( if i am not mistaken about the us system ) , only there are three of them . 
  well , there 's that . 
  like in france last time where there had to all unite in a `` republican front '' to keep down le pen . 
  it 's like an avengers movie . 
  ( it 's not quite so clear-cut , however . 
  the conservative party ( \u00d6vp ) was strongly divided as to which candidate to endorse . 
  they made a very bad impression . ), 
  in austria ? 
  hardly . 
  this is as right as they get here these days . 
  this time around the voting was positively not corrupt and everybody agrees . 
  i think most of these 54 % ( including myself ) believe that our current calamities and problems are becoming big enough so that * any * government will have to wake up and solve them ( and in the process become tougher than they could have dreamed 2 years ago ) , and prefer to give the job to those factions that are less likely to burn down all of europe in the process . 
  a note about artistic quality : why do they all feel the need to label merkel with her name ? 
  you 'd think anybody could recognize her . 
  as a well-known cartoonist once said : `` with an excellent cartoonist you recognize ronald reagan from his eyes . 
  with a good one you recognize him from his mouth .
