hey , clowns as chancellors and vice chancellors is a proud austrian tradition !, 
  at least he appears to be growing some balls now . 
  wish he would grow a brain next . 
  i saw a couple of panel discussions in the last couple of days . 
  experts , ministers and party chairpeople . 
  they were just screaming at each other and arguing desperately . 
  it looks like they have no clue what to do and are waiting for events to make their decisions for them . 
  additionally there 's local elections coming up and the right wing is getting stronger . 
  our foreign minister ( that 30 year old boy ) declared that we will do the exact same things as germany -- mirror them . 
  i just heard him on the radio saying `` we are not able to just stand in for germany and take in everybody . '', 
  come on !, 
  this is the 21th century . 
  wars do n't get declared any more . 
  you just deploy the bombers . 
  i have to constantly remind myself that the iranian regime is not nice guys ; they hang people for being gay and lots of other atrocities . 
  austria has taken in a lot of refugees from that regime . 
  but for some reason i still wish them well . 
  now that that nutter ahmadi-nejad is gone they seem like the sanest of the middle-eastern bunch , and the most stable and civilized . 
  guess it comes from the comparison with the competition . 
  saudi-arabia and the rest . 
  not to mention that iran is fighting against isis . 
  also when the ajatollah kept saying that they are not trying to have the atomic bomb , because it is against islam , i wanted to believe him ( and much of the time , did ) . 
  i did not think he would lie with a religious argument . 
  but maybe i am na\u00efve as a victorian schoolgirl . 
  and for civil nuclear energy , i do n't see how anybody has a right to deny iran that . 
  rigorous inspections and international supervision are the way to proceed and i am glad that is what 's happening now . 
  keeping the population poor with sanctions was wrong and only supported unpleasant attitudes within iran , i.e. 
  there is no reason for anybody to hide or dodge registrations ; deportations are for the most part not enforcable : http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article145799121/mit-diesen-tricks-werden-abschiebungen-verhindert.html the main reasons given are : ( 1 ) the absence of documents of the person , making it impossible to determine * where * to deport them to . 
  ( 2 ) the existence of groups organized via social media who physically prevent deportation attempts by flashmob actions , to the point that sometimes police does n't even try any more . 
  it 's just the peace prize that has been discredited . 
  kissinger , arafat , obama etc. 
  and anyway it is misnamed today . 
  it is ( in theory ) given for feats of democratization , compassion , economic development , resistance against dictatorial regimes , human rights ... but not for promoting * peace * per se . 
  the international pacifist movement for which it was created does not exist any more . 
  the other prizes are just slightly outdated . 
  there is none for biology/genetics and none for mathematics . 
  yes , i looked through a election campaign leaflet comic book from them yesterday and it made me quite sick . 
  as for dangerous ... depends what you mean by the word . 
  if they get voted into real power they will not be able to solve any real problems , but they will probably make life more difficult for just about everybody . 
  i expect lots of half-baked populist ideas which will regularly backfire . 
  combined with financial scandals . 
  someone like op wants isolationism without hatred . 
  with fp\u00d6 you would get lots of hatred without any progress towards isolationism . 
  because they can only bicker , they ca n't actually * do * things , except fuck everything up . 
  ( make no mistake , in austria no party can do anything . ), 
  i can only speak for my own country , but here the only party which satisfies your right-wing wishes are a bunch of disgusting dangerous idiots . 
  that is the problem we face . 
  each election there 's more people who simply have no clue who to vote for . 
  i ca n't quite get over the fact that in serbian `` r '' counts as a vowel . 
  for you and me it 's humor . 
  some will take it seriously . 
  others will * accuse * people of taking it seriously . 
  this is a dangerous time for humor . 
  it is a linguistic ambiguity which is milked to the last drop by people with an agenda . 
  creatively misunderstanding something your opponent said is a popular trick . 
  done by all sides all around the world . 
  it is a good concept , but there are cultures that do not think in terms of dignity , but in terms of honor . 
  personally i think the concept of honor has to die , dignity is where it 's at . 
  well , yeah , that was jarring . 
  the british economy has not gone up in flames ( yet ? 
  ) , i guess because brexit has n't actually happened yet . 
  so why would people be shocked if bad things so far have not materialized ? 
  who knows ? 
  if trump moves quickly , he can fuck up things fast enough to serve as a warning example to the french voters . 
  however , the austrian presidential ( re - ) election will be in less than a month , so for us things look bad . 
  you can also win more points yet lose a tennis match . 
  the island of guam is a us territory , but for formal reasons they can not vote in presidential elections , because they are not allowed to send a delegate to the electoral college . 
  they still vote every time , but it 's just a form of protest . 
  so talk about ignored 100 % !, 
  it is always easy to influence things for the worse . 
  yeah , our foreign minister said as much on the radio this morning . 
  he said the usual protocols on congratulating a newly elected foreign leader will be observed . 
  beyond that , he will be judged by his acts in office . 
  naturally i have never tried speaking english with germans , so i would n't know . 
  at first glance i would not expect much of a difference . 
  but it is possible that our geographical situation -- being on the crossroads between eastern and western europe with strong links and entanglements with various neighbor countries of different languages -- gives more incentive to learn english . 
  just for an anecdote : in austria loudspeaker announcements in public transport are now mostly bilingual german and english . 
  i have not noticed such a thing in any other country . 
  my ( somewhat surprising ) experience is that even young people in academia although they * can * speak english after a fashion , find it ... painful . 
  i blame germany , btw . 
  :-p if it were not for them and their huge market , people would not have the option to avoid english tv series in favor of dreadful dubs . 
  considering all this , r/europe has a decent proportion of hungarian contributors . 
  there was [ this weird guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kugelmugel ) in the eighties , but i do n't think it counts as a movement . 
  afaik this was the rationale for denying women voting rights in switzerland for so long . 
  we had a referendum like that . 
  those that were most in favor of conscription were old men ( who had served in the past ) , those least in favor were young women . 
  the vote came down in favor of keeping conscription , mostly due to intense political fearmongering . 
  austria : no legal restriction in shops , but good luck finding a shop open at night . 
  the go-to places are 24-hour shops at large train stations and ( in vienna ) [ sausage stands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w%c3%bcrstelstand ) where you get canned beer ( very popular for rounding off a night of clubbing ) . 
  it did ? 
  i do n't know about seestadt . 
  i realize i may be stepping on toes here , but to me and most people i know it is an artificial , boring suburb in the middle of nowhere which nobody thinks about when you think `` vienna '' . 
  the rest is spot on , though . 
  to me the biggest attractions of vienna are the excellent public transport , the fact that it is very green ( there is a park & playground right around the corner pretty much everywhere ) , and the strong infrastructure of good and affordable restaurants . 
  rent prizes are still affordable but picking up fast now . 
  another big thing in my mind is the simple fact that the city is not * that * big ( compared to , say , london , paris , berlin ) , which creates a general laid-back atmosphere , and has the added benefit that you can be out in the countryside ( including the mentioned forest areas ) very quickly . 
  also the low crime rates are a big thing . 
  while this is slipping a bit lately ( same as everywhere ) , e.g. 
  there 's nothing like a `` no go '' area anywhere . 
  it 's not like in a village , but you always got to compare it with other large cities .
