  with him , i do n't think so . 
  chancellor kern is trying to save the bacon for the president 's election candidate he obviously prefers , but minister kurz is in it for himself . 
  he is the sort of politician i can easily imagine switching parties to further his career , and he is rather comfortable with right wing positions anyway . 
  i expect he will come a long way unless he makes a big blunder . 
  also the displacement of native populations and infrastructure by the sheer mass of visitors . 
  it 's like in the city centers every single building now is a historic monument , a hotel , a souvenir shop or a tourist trap restaurant . 
  cities get turned into huge tourist-digesting machines . 
  having problems to decide whether `` blow '' or `` job '' is the dirty word here . 
  sometimes i wonder if tourism will eventually destroy all the beautiful and historic places in the world . 
  just look at what happened to venice or florence . 
  not in austria they do n't . 
  of course you often know from the family names who used to be somebody back in the day , but we are all just citizens now . 
  if that 's so , then what 's czechia 's excuse ? 
  or belgium 's , for that matter ? 
  bavaria beats the famous protestant work ethics -- who 'd have thought ? 
  slightly weird map , btw. , looks like the sea level rose and flooded half the balkans . 
  it 's even more so in austria . 
  famous for it , in fact . 
  when we lost all the markers of nobility in 1919 people replaced it with whatever they could lay their hands on . 
  including special titles you can get for having been in an official position for several decades . 
  ( e.g. 
  there 's a special one for old teachers ; there 's even one for old * opera singers * ) . 
  now we have the international-style postfix titles , which are not part of your name any more , and people are depressed . 
  and yes , people put them on their doors although they are advised not to , because it is said to attract burglars . 
  maybe , but much of it for sure is the macho posturing and `` gangster style '' smugness , which so many of them demonstrate . 
  i for one am sick of seeing the ugly mugs of these little shits on every front page for weeks on end . 
  they are all supremely punchable . 
  ironically this massacre triggered a refugee wave ... into germany . 
  there 's still many german families with french names who claim hugenot ancestry . 
  as far as i know , there was the one helicopter , but turkey also claimed that there were several ships unaccounted for ( the number varies ) . 
  also somebody said that the turkish navy commander was missing since the coup , presumed either to be a coup ring leader on the run on one of the boats , or kidnapped by the same . 
  weird stuff . 
  anything new with the missing ships ? 
  on a positive note , this new phenomenon of social media organized sheltering of strangers is a great thing , and if it becomes a standard response to attacks it will increase solidarity within our countries and help disperse the feelings of helplessness . 
  this is the spirit we all need !, 
  it 's the term you use when a it is a criminal doing it to escape capture . 
  means he condemned/executed himself . 
  5 years today . 
  now there 's a credible source . 
  hold the horses , it 's not at all clear right now who did this . 
  we get lots of demos of all sorts , and most are very small . 
  the weirdest one i have ever seen was by people from the italian city of trieste wanting the city to secede and join austria . 
  but that was like 10 people . 
  i am not aware of any saudi demo , except the one to free the saudi blogger raif badawi who had been imprisoned and lashed for critical blog posts . 
  but that 's not what you meant , i guess . 
  the only muslim protests i am aware of have been turkish/kurdish ( not as big as the recent ones ) , against assad ( i think ) , and occasionally all sorts of pro-palestinian activities ( demonstrations , pickets and lots of public lectures ) which are mostly hosted by native leftist groups . 
  but maybe i am missing something . 
  anybody feel free to supplement the list !, 
   society that is inherently pro-enlightenment values it may look that way , but no . 
  if anything , it 's a constant struggle and tightrope walk . 
  there 's radical groups and parties everywhere whittling away at the foundations of enlightenment . 
  it only works so far because most people are satisfied enough to not want things to change . 
  and they are quickly becoming less satisfied now . 
  `` experiments '' are bound to happen . 
   among your ** ethnic ** culture er ... ever been to a big western european city ? 
  any of them ? 
  from the [ impressum ] ( http://www.tuerkis.at/impressum.html ) , that 's where it is . 
  edit : i 'm getting hungry now . 
  damn . 
  that 's the one . 
  i just looked and apparently the owner 's called [ turkish/kurdish name , do n't know whether it 's allowed to post names ] . 
  do n't know about his citizenship , though . 
  not quite . 
  there is a requirement to * announce * your demonstration with the police , but not to get permission . 
  failing to do so will get the organizers fined , but the demonstration will not be prevented . 
  in these cases , as soon as police realizes that something is going on they will quickly go there to assure security , which often includes closing down streets for traffic . 
  there is the big avenue around the city center [ of vienna , i keep forgetting that the country is more than the capital , common austrian sin , sorry ] which gets closed for demonstrations more than 50 times each year . 
  but many of the traditional demonstration routes are pedestrian areas by now . 
  to clarify , nobody has complained over the fact that people took to the streets , or even the fact that it was unannounced with the police ( demonstrations do not have to get permission in austria ) . 
  the concern is just over the fact that the demonstrations apparently were organized from abroad . 
  if it had been all spontaneous no-one in the government would say a thing ( though the right-wing opposition would , of course . ), 
  what also is not mentioned in the article is that at the demonstration on saturday protesters smashed the windows of a restaurant of a kebab chain which is known to be in kurdish possesion . 
   they are here with the consent of national governments not with the consent of the people though , except for those selling donuts and beer near the bases . 
  still does n't really answer my questions . 
  would they cut off their nose to spite their face ? 
  guess they would ... but this huge g\u00fclenist conspiracy , this `` deep state '' or `` parallel structure '' , whatever else they call it -- can that really exist ? 
  or is it just their version of the jewish world conspiracy , or trotskyan counter-revolution or mccarthy 's commies ? 
  at least for himself the presidentissimo [ has a way out ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-36436200 ) . 
  i do not understand this at all !, 
  why is the board of education the recipient of this ? 
  do they have the authority for travel bans ? 
  would it not make more sense to send it to the border police ? 
  is it only for academicals in university employment ? 
  what about university-educated business people ? 
  would that not disrupt international economic relations ? 
  it 's so weird . 
  people running like crazy is the thing this ban is supposed to prevent . 
  at least educated people , who are always the first to jump ship . 
  frankly , erdogan is no hitler and hopefully never will be . 
  however , he is close to overtaking mussolini already . 
  just need some badly thought-out territorial expansion attempt . 
  he has announced an `` important decision '' for wednesday evening after the cabinet meeting . 
  let 's just wait and see what it is . 
  i was told by a serbian lady that if you are from vojvodina you just need to learn to level b2 ( or was it b1 ) in hungarian and they wo n't look at your exact ancestry . 
  was that wrong ? 
  not more sophisticated , quite on the contrary . 
  i mean , taking a truck and ploughing into a crowd , that 's as primitive as it gets . 
  but certainly they are getting more unpredictable . 
  first it was infiltrated fighters who 'd been in syria . 
  then all of a sudden it was `` these new ones are homegrown , we could n't 've predicted that ! '',
