  with a mediocre one you recognize him from his cowboy hat . 
  with a bad one you recognize him from the label ` reagan ' on the cowboy hat . '', 
  it 's an empty gesture . 
  no austrian arms have been sold to turkey in recent years ( the last were some sniper rifles in 2012 ) . 
  the article says it as well . 
  if germany were doing it , it would have a different kind of impact . 
  which would means that twitter now has the power to start wars and topple governments . 
  does n't that make them a classical james bond villain ? 
  they have the official sharia police there . 
  i do n't think they appreciate meddling amateurs . 
  there 's something i would like to know : what percentage of these boats manage to complete their journey , i.e. 
  land on italy 's shores or greek islands ? 
  you only ever read in the news when they are met by recue vessels on the open sea , or when they founder . 
  but i have trouble believing that this is * always * the case . 
  does anybody have statistics ? 
  i am sure i saw people who used it as a backdrop to their tinder profile photos . 
  at least it gives you early warning , i guess . 
  except for those that prefer the confederate flag ( alright , admittedly it has the same colors , but so does the tricolore ), 
  funnily enough it is from an italian loan word . 
  ent - is a prefix denoting removal of something , and [ stuck ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/stuck ) is the name for baroque ornaments made from plaster on/inside buildings . 
  it derives from * stucco * . 
  so literally de-stucco-ing . 
  a time-honored technique that goes back all the way to [ crassus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_firefighting#rome ) ( or at least similar ) . 
  and people sarcastically accusing others of being nazis can be prosecuted as nazis themselves for it . 
  it 's how the discourse works today . 
  it 's like a bizarre drinking game . 
  you wait until they say one ill-advised word , then murder their career with it . 
  one word can be enough . 
  which ingredient is the `` vladimir '' ? 
  is it a spice ? 
  ah , i * knew * there was something funny about the hands !, 
  there 's only one one white person in the picture and she 's hiding her face . 
  and btw , `` poutine '' ( read the banner ) is the french spelling of putin . 
  without looking it up , i seem to remember that some of macron 's guys also came under suspicion a month ago , and he got rid of them quietly and quickly . 
  anybody has more details ? 
  i am afraid governments have developed ways of dealing with peaceful protests . 
  the austrian solution is to simply do ... nothing . 
  eventually most demonstrators have to go back to work , and give up . 
  it 's 10 times more effective than water cannons . 
  we need to somehow invent new forms of political protest that do n't involve looting small businesses and burning private vehicles . 
  strikes have also been declawed ( costumers do n't like them and the unions are eager to promise that supply and services wo n't be interrupted by their strike . ), 
  right now governments hold all the cards . 
  there 's a hole in every 0 . 
  they come from the factory like that . 
  we do n't know if he ever was alive . 
  maybe it was a british guy all along . 
  name of trevor slattery . 
  that 's because ben ali had the `` decency '' to grab a bunch of money and bugger off when things got hot instead of trying to fight it out . 
  the shape of the arab spring countries is reversely proportional to how long it took to get rid of the man on top . 
   alexander van der bellen is moving into the hofburg [ the presidental residence ] at last . 
  just a brief stop with his car at the tobacconist 's and and he 'll have all he needs to lead austria into a better future . 
  austria is looking forward to its new president . 
  felix essentially he wanted to make a dig at him but the only thing he could think of was van der bellen 's smoking habit . 
  weak . 
  has anybody ever seen lavrov unshaven and in a relaxed pose ? 
  i really love gaud\u00ed but there is something off about the sagrada familia . 
  it looks cobbled together , there is no system to it . 
  apparently during the spanish civil war the anarchists destroyed the blueprints for the church , so since then the construction has winged it . 
  there are also places where they clearly copied designs from other gaud\u00ed buildings ( e.g. 
  the helmets of roman soldiers on one of the facades look like the chimneys on the casa mil\u00e1 ) . 
  the parts he worked on during his lifetime are finely detailled and by now weathered , the new parts are somehow ... crude . 
  but at the same time the pure scale and color of the building floors you . 
  i do n't know what to make of it . 
  that 's what it used to be , sure , in particular for career politicians . 
  but for a guy who was police chief of burgenland it sure was a step up , and he managed to get a defence budget which looked almost like a miracle . 
  he would need to preserve his momentum and become minister of the interior , right after the election . 
  but it looks like he has missed his train . 
  yeah . 
  and the defence minister is struggling for a bit of spotlight again . 
  he was only put in his position because it looked like a stepping stone towards greater things last year , but between all the drastic business with the conservative party and our showman chancellor on the other side he has lost the stage to more successful populists . 
  now he 's giving it another try . 
  if that 's what it takes to get rid of that silly dialect ... 
  question is only , would it have ended end of soviet union style or end of yugoslavia style ? 
  not recently in any case . 
  i seem to remember there were things like the huguenot wars and the cathar crusade . 
  but yeah , that was a while ago . 
  `` verboden fietsen te plaatsen '' one in two dutch sentences i remember from my stay in amsterdam . 
  the other is `` zakkenrollers winkelen ook ! '', 
  it looks a lot like the logo of the bp oil company . 
  of course bp is being majorly hypocritical with their choice . 
  you 'd first have to recognize isis as a legitimate state , and then all hell would break lose diplomatically . 
  austria legally prohibits any habsburgs to run for office . 
  it 's a ridiculous ban , though . 
   draken international so should n't they be buying [ saab draken ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saab_35_draken ) jets then ? 
  let me tell you , it is good to have public holidays !, 
  i would n't mind adding a few from other religions too , as long as they are for everybody . 
  and now the trade unions have suggested a law that whenever holidays fall on a sunday you automatically get monday off too , so nobody feels cheated . 
  we are a lazy bunch , it seems . 
  hey !, 
  i own a couple of them . 
  they are brilliant as fuck . 
  there 's even a trick to do square roots on them . 
  [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein_castle ) perhaps ? 
  although located in the east of austria it was built , and is owned by the liechtenstein family . 
  in fact they took their family name from the castle which was their ancestral seat . 
  hard to say . 
  he was decent at depicting architecture , but could not draw people worth shit . 
  i think some smartasses later tried to draw psychological conclusions from that . 
  at first i was like `` what has the vienna opera house to do with anything '' , then i figured out the signature . 
  oops .
