  at least there was a reason when north cyprus was founded . 
  they cant say anything to brits who occupy 9 % of the island . 
  * curls in a ball and cries *, 
  not you either . 
  at least we have 5 % of our lands in europe , 
  wow !, 
  i am shy , introvert , loser kinda guy and finland looks like a perfect place to live in !, 
  noooo . 
  how could we not ? 
  we dont even have deserts , we are horrible bad , bad kebabs . 
  doesnt matter . 
  people hate erdogan , people hate turkish people . 
  we are only considered in europe if its something bad . 
  if its something good we are brown middle eastern islamist camel fuckers . 
  god !, 
  get your facts straight !, 
  even with their ultra reproduction . 
  ( them having between 4 and 10 kids ) you are between 12 and 15 % of the whole population . 
  and there are 2 million kurds in istanbul where most kurds are inhabitated . 
  kurds are between 12-15 % even if add greeks , armenians and assyrians it would only make 16 % max . 
  there should be one official language but that doesnt mean they can not teach or learn their language . 
  he was brainwashed . 
  it is sad that he was killed in such a way . 
  such a shame . 
  next millennium it is then !!!, 
  ^ i ^ hope, 
  yea : / we should cooperate stop this petty piss fight , we are both weak compared to europe . 
  no i havent met a single guy who dislikes armenians and i have met die hard conservatives . 
  one even had a sympathy saying they were last to put rebell against us and stayed loyal for a long time . 
  well if you only follow greek news . 
  our jet fighters skydive . 
  this is mutual , not us bullying . 
  lol, 
  hdp is not the future of turkey . 
  a party who supports a terrorist organization can not be the future of any country . 
  mhp is not racist a d has never said turkish superiority . 
  they used to be fascist but now they are neutralised . 
  you obviously know nothing but west propaganda . 
  racism ? 
  against armenians ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  and about those `` hidden armenians '' they are much much smaller than they are made seen . 
  there is literally no reason for them to live their lives as christian armenians . 
  hey !, 
  we aint bully !, 
  its mutual . 
  not independence autonomous . 
  as a turk i 'd rather prefer complete independence . 
  stability ? 
  north korea is pretty stable or saudi arabia . 
  where nobody expects something else to happen you can live there if you want stability . 
  you need to brake down first to make it better . 
  yes for the sake of solidarity everyone should compromise something and focus on cleansing shits in turkey . 
  however mhp is not the worst at all . 
  supports praising a dead man ? 
  what ? 
  whats that ? 
  supports military coup . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  usa was behind both coups , they do not want a coup . 
  support oppressing the kurds . 
  nope . 
  where do you get your information ? 
  www.dailysabah.com or sth ? 
  lmao, 
  mhp has the highest number of scientists in their list . 
  they have rejected coalition with akp before and i do not really think that they will form a coalition right now . 
  anyway i am too happy to make a better answer hahahaahahaah take that akp !, 
  yes !, 
  same !, 
  lmao just ask / r/europe and see if everyone has a different about mhp or just that individual ? 
  / u/folieadeux6 's definition of mhp is completely bullshit . 
  the worst one is akp . 
  first results are goood !!, 
  akp has only 43 % of votes which means 270 seats and they need 276 to form a single party government !!, 
   it 's surprising to see a liberalish party in turkey , given the somewhat authoritarian state it 's in now what ? 
  why ? 
  chp was there from the beginning and we were more liberal before akp and erdogan . 
  why there wouldnt be a liberal party ? 
  what you said makes no sense . 
  chp supports all those beautiful western ideals . 
  women rights , equality , lgbt etc. . . erdogan can be an authoritarian ass but we are turkey ffs . 
  they are not liberalish they are liberal . 
  most new voters dislike akp and erdogan . 
  `` a cat '' infiltrated generators and broke a generator cutting the power in a building where votes are electronically sent . 
  yes to get into our national embassy a party has to pass 10 % threshold . 
  if they dont all their votes are discarded and their seats are distributed among those who passed 10 % . 
  in this case if hdp can not pass the threshold most of their seats will go to akp . 
  this should give them at least 40 seats over 550, 
  hmm . 
  interesting . 
  maybe too cold climate makes them cold too :p, 
  yea i see . 
  we are going towards that direction as well . 
  that wont happen especially since you are a tourist so dont worry relax , 
  but some may pat your shoulder or arm . 
  why so scared of that ? 
  hell yea !, 
  dont you ask for directions or put your arm around someone 's shoulders in america ? 
  but hasnt he violated that by speaking english with you ?
