  but you did force your language and culture where you had control of . 
  you can not deny this truth . 
  slaves in ottomans were much much better used than those used by colonial powers . 
  i feel as if i am talking to a wall . 
  if you think ottoman slavery was as bad as colonial power slavery then you are very very wrong . 
  actually if it was that wrong ottoman wouldnt be as weak as they were in their last few centuries . 
  slavery was different all around the world . 
  you cant just say slavery is slavery . 
  ottoman slavery cant even be called slavery when compared to western powers ' slavery . 
  what does that mean ?!, 
  armenian issue is far complicated than how you paint it to be . 
  after the [ battle of manzikert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_manzikert ) gates of anatolia were completely open for turks . 
  when germans were beaten ( in ww1 ) we were also counted as beaten . 
  russians were always trying to reach warmer ports . 
  ( they would always fight ottos and slowly creep further south-ethnically cleansing ( genocide ? ), 
  circassians on their way ), 
  slavery was not even close to what colonial powers did . 
  dont even mention slavery with ottomans because it is laughable against what you did . 
  tax farming , yes of course just like any other empire . 
  well ottomans were especially weak in her last centuries so they couldnt do anything about irregulars . 
  i am not saying ottomans didnt exploit but they did it in a far lesser scale compared to colonial powers . 
  every empire did . 
  but there is a different with the amount of tears it had collected . 
  it is just the opinion of one guy whereas there is a fact in the link you have just posted  the main minefields at the narrows , over ten layers deep , were still fully intact . 
  furthermore , they were very well protected by the smaller shore guns that had not seen any action on 18 march . 
  these and other defenses further in the strait had not exhausted their ammunition and resources yet . 
  it was not a given that one more push by the fleet would have resulted in passage to marmara sea . 
  how could an ambassador know that the main mines werent even used and that the ottoman defenses were still up and ready ? 
  he was right about ottoman disintegrating if the capital was lost and ottomans knew that too so they were ready to defend with everything they had and they did . 
  forcing your language and your culture is one of the things colonial powers did . 
  look at n. africa and middle east ottos ruled those lands for centuries and turkish language and culture is very low whereas brits ruled for a few decades and they assimilated people to their likings . 
  this is how . 
  i guess you have no idea how western powers exploited indigenous people . 
  then you are very wrong . 
  your kid could live a much better life with ottomans than staying at home . 
  whereas in western you , your wife , your children were all a property of your colonial power and they were free to use/abuse you however they wanted . 
  yes better indeed . 
  haha . 
  this is not an excuse for your thievery . 
  i wouldnt expect anything less from the united kingdom though . 
  your whole empire was built on the tears of the non-british people . 
  this would be one the least bad uk did in her history . 
  before you start whataboutism ottos never exploited people like you did . 
   it was designed to force a nation out of the war with only a few shots fired , saving lives on both sides and pulling the war in our favour . 
  you are attacking the very heart of the empire and expecting only `` a few shots '' which would save `` a lot lives '' ? 
  oh please . 
  both uk 's and france 's ships tried to pass the turkish straits but more than half of them either got destroyed or reached to the point that they wouldnt be able to be used and this was just the entrance of gallipoli . 
  whatever navy still left would be bombed and bombed until nothing left to reach thr city pulling back was the correct decision . 
  pressing more would have been result in far greater casualties for nothing . 
  the manpower you sucked from your dominions were very eager to fight for you . 
  because `` for the queen '' they were proud to be on your side and thaught this would be piece of cake . 
  well they failed and this prompted them to get away from england . 
  there was no element of surprise everyone was expecting an attack to the capital using ships . 
  you make it seen as if ottoman officals couldnt have thought that uk/france would attack using straits . 
  mines were set just because of your possible attack . 
  ground defences , artillery , soldiers everything was ready for your attack . 
  brits were in it indeed . 
  but you received a lot of manpower from your dominions, 
  haha . 
  wow . 
  really ? 
  thank you !, 
  :d i thought the same when this id popped in my mind  thank you / u/priss _ dimmy, 
  edit : would you be convinced if i sent you my body pic to make you see the colour of my skin ? 
  nope you would stil call it brown . 
  i know colors and i am certainly `` white '' not that it makes things different . 
  it just disgusts how westerners try to push us away by calling us brown-like arabs . 
  god we have nothing to do with arabs . 
  i wish we hadnt even adopted their religion . 
  i thinm that way you would call us white . 
  because thats the only possible reason . 
  am i right / u/tubeyouer ? 
  we are white . 
  you calling us not white doesnt change this fact . 
  we dont care if you call us white , brown , purple , black , green or yellow as color doesnt matter for us but it is racist for you to call us browns just to put us in another category . 
  did you know most albanian and bosnian parents willingly gave their kids to ottomans even after they have converted to islam ( which they dont have any obligations anymore ) because those kids would take the best education possible in ottomans and they could rise to be a greeat statesman or a military commander . 
  believe it or not . 
  it was better to be at ottoman than some western europe nation . 
  you get to live !, 
  what else can be said ? 
  oh please ottomans funded all over balkans . 
  the mostar bridge in bosnia is an example . 
  hmm . 
  i shouldnt visit hungary then . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  we are teal . 
  hmm yea but it never reached the cruelty levels of western colonial powers, 
  yea but still we should take pride of how successful they were ( at some time ), 
  ataturk did everything to remove ottoman influence from people . 
  he didnt want any ties with the people and the empire . 
  you just summarised whole history classes in high school . 
  here take this upvote . 
  exactly . 
  it is amazing how pathetic comments get the top comments in that sub . 
  `` turkey , out of nato now ! '', 
  this never fails to make me smile , 
  dont turn here into / r/worldnews, 
  crimea is something else . 
  it can significantly increase one 's strategic control over black sea . 
  we are fed up with your refugees .
