  but he was the bad guys at that time . 
  show me one from england , france etc. ... 
  because we were the victim !!, 
  but people dont know it !!!, 
  they always know our crimes not the ones committed to us !, 
  we lost faaaar and faaaar more than armenians . 
  i dont care . 
  i am sick of the westerners attitude against us . 
  they have never embraced us throughout history because we unfortunately picked the weong religion . 
  ( i am faithless , just so you know ) this still continues , they alienate us and they want us to accept our crimes without talking about what they had done to us ? 
  no way !, 
  i dont care the consequences , we are already hated by everyone else , what could be worser ? 
  what a horrobly bised article . 
  i couldnt find a single line about how we were massacred and genocided . 
  yet its filled armenian , assyrian and greek ones . 
  hell they even included dersim rebellion . 
  unbelievable !!!, 
  hypocrites !, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims whenever i share this , i get downvoted to hell . 
  people hate us , they want us completely genocided , gone . 
  they are glad that we had them that we evils deserved it . 
  but nobody calls you evil bloodly monster , satan incarnarion devils whenever we are mentioned . 
  and people do not accept the genocides committed against us . 
  lmao . 
  not that obvious one - . - one from the `` allied '' side, 
  good i dont want greece shackled by germoney , i dont care who they cooperate with . 
  lol show me an article on wiki about genocides committed by westerners . 
  and wait let me show the ones about armenians ... europeans are the biggest hypocrites in the history . 
  yea he is albanian . 
  always had good relations with them . 
  but still it is nice to hear it someone outside turkey and inside europe . 
  wow . 
  first time in my life in reddit that i have seen a guy acknowledge the crimes committed against us . 
  thank you / u/vermax , 
  yes . 
  \u0130stiklal immediately popped in my head when i read the title but even more surprised that it was something else in turkey . 
  yea . 
  i was expecting multiple streets from england and france . 
  and then like 1 street from germany and italy but wow i am relally surprised . 
  i had to read a few times to be sure it was turkish lol . 
  so are you ? 
  we should be known for laziness lol :d, 
  i doubt that you are even turkish . 
  probably someone who was from turkish blood but born somewhere else at best . 
  what do you think about `` soulhunter '' ? 
  same as me ? 
  wow !, 
  i wasnt expecting a street from turkey !, 
  cool ... :d, 
  lmao !!, 
  and you havent replied what i have said to you before ? 
  you just want to get away from this country because of welfare quit lying . 
  and are you ashamed of your turkish identity ? 
  who thinks greeks are lazy ? 
  unfortunately not . 
  they want autonomy . 
  so we will keep sucking your blood but give nothing in return . 
  no we only challenhe the g word . 
  it doesnt but i am sick of people urging us to accept it while i dont see any `` natives genocide memmorial '', 
  yea cheap voters really kill us . 
  west is secular east is islamist . 
  we need to chop off eastern side . 
  wow !, 
  what the hell ?!, 
  they cant be !, 
  they are so progressive and irreligious ? 
  said the guy whose country 's history is full with ethnic cleansings , massacres and genocides . 
  yes . 
  we were the ones who bought them lol :d whatever , whatever happened in ottoman empire western powers did it much worser . 
  i dont want them either . 
  i wish we could simply be rid of those areas . 
  nationalism i guess ... 
  lmao implying western powers had not done faar worser things than this . 
  yea `` thanks '' to our eastern and southeastern population ... 
  wow that would be such a huge loss . 
  oh they 'd do anything to show theirselves as the good guy against evil turks . 
  i am surprised by my own country as well . 
  i was expecting something bad but turns out we take science above faith !, 
  wow ?!!, 
  really ? 
  maybe one day . 
  thousands of years later . 
  why does usa have so high rate of agreement ? 
  greece , obviously . 
  yes . 
  do not give any more immigrants to turkey !, 
  north european countries are way more wealthier than us , they should act like it and take our immigrants . 
  its not our business srsly . 
  i 'd be mad if any country country do that to us . 
  gibraltar should be a part of spain ... 
  our national hero has nothing to do with genocide . 
  this is about national pride i think . 
  we always look western as evil genociders for what they have done to their colonies but we dont seem to admit what we had done . 
  i wish it was never done . 
  its not about people threatening you . 
  its about you threatening people , 
  oh really ? 
  canada still accepts the queen as head of state . 
  england has many overseas territories which practically acts as a base for them . 
  many of the ex-colonies speak their overlord 's language and live their culture .
