  you will take care of them from now on . 
  okay . 
  sure . 
  give back our turks and take our syrians . 
  i am all in for this solution !, 
  win-win !, 
  yea . 
  just because they have access to black sea doesnt increase their signiriance . 
   country like bulgaria . 
  they dont have any strategic importance . 
  do they ? 
  what does this comment mean ? 
  i dont support erdogan dont get me wrong . 
  but we are fed up with your policy . 
  why dont you just go ahead and simply say `` we dont want you in eu '' it would make things much easier . 
  everyone here knows that you wont take us in anyway . 
  and twitter is not blocked . 
  so what if he is friendly with putin ? 
  our economy is about to fall down . 
  we need money . 
  we can and will be friendly with putin so we can keep trading . 
  yeah , everyone would be happy with clear closure . 
  ooh right sorry . 
  it was a deal between europe and turkey where we could make them stay and in return they would give our citizens visa . 
  it is not about eu . 
  nobody here wants your precious eu anymore . 
   eu can at the very least demand eu can only do that if they fund the said camps . 
  we are not a member of eu . 
  we have no obligations . 
  i wish we could send all those refugees to your precious countries . 
  historically they were always put in asia not europe . 
  ehem . 
  everybody knows [ turkish orthodox church is the only true church ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/autocephalous_turkish_orthodox_patriarchate ), 
  well . 
  what would be your solution for moldova ? 
  well they can at least try to prevent this happening in future . 
  really ? 
  wasnt it about corruption in moldova ? 
  yea . 
  i am sure it does . 
  i mean not in camps under control of government but there are 2m syrians . 
  those on the streets the muslim ones wouldnt pity christians and use them for their own gains . 
  stupid religions , all of them are useless . 
   constantly harrased in refugee camps in jordan and turkey no . 
  it doesnt happen in turkey . 
  god , i cant believe how norway willings to take refugees . 
  they are a top tier country . 
  if somehow they would give me a norweigian id i would scrap my turkish id in a few secs . 
  and i am sure as hell i wouldnt be a problem compared to how they will be . 
  they should find the 1b $ they have lost first, 
   repressed sexuality dont think so . 
  thats a very small amount of money for a country . 
  turkey can not turn more islamic than iran . 
  our westernization started long ago before we were founded . 
  military backs ataturk 's values so they wouldnt let that happen . 
  and even if somehow islamists wanted to create an islamic state it would only result as breaking of turkey as west and east . 
  as western turkey is predominantly secular and westernized . 
  even their muslims are not hardcore . 
  cities names change through time . 
  should we all go back and use the old names of cities ? 
  especially for america ? 
  i am fine with you calling it constantinople . 
  but do you do the same for edirne , \u0130znik , \u0130zmir ... etc ? 
  istanbul was used by the locals of istanbul long ago ( both turks and other minorities ) it is derived from greek phrase `` to the city '', 
  turkey is not deep down very muslim . 
  west turkey is pretty secular . 
  most if not all my friends wear in european style dress and nobody is having a problem with it . 
  stop demonizing us and turkey . 
  but there are assholes like that however they can not do anything other than hide in their caves . 
  also you couldnt have gone to constantinople unless you are 550 + years old . 
  turkish news are okay but the news of the kurdish people who live in turkey are not ? 
  he is right though . 
  it is common to search a terrorists body to see if she has a bomb on it because some do . 
  no evidence of rape she had to be naked to be searched you know ... 
  so you 'd rather not see turkish news on / r/europe ? 
  there is no evidence that he planned for it . 
  you can only guess that he was planning it ( rightly so ) but you just can not do anything other than charging for illegal child porn and taser . 
  no we do want them . 
  i meant to say there are many many british tourists here . 
  it has much better weather and its much cheaper what else would you want ? 
  damn those evil turks !, 
  not completely giving what muslim indians gave to russians . 
  story is that a lot of muslim indians ( now mostly in pakistan ) gave away their wealth to protect the turkey and fend off invaders . 
  well russia did gave their gold to us but no all of them a part of it , it helped nonetheles but still wouldnt be bad to have more gold . 
  oh and they were really i mean really pissed at ataturk when he abolished caliphate and removed the sultanate . 
  its not `` that '' easy you know ... 
  you may need to take your boxes away they are closing the scene . 
  noooo you are not meant to pull of your arm and stick it to the other one !, 
  gallipoli victory . 
  certainly our proudest moment and it was how atat\u00fcrk started to shine . 
  you forgot an arm . 
  here : \\, 
  these things are not shunned in turkey . 
  you tourists have an immunity shield everywhere anyway . 
  yea . 
  true thats what i am trying to say :d, 
  yea . 
  it is :( what the most horrible thing is `` i dont drink alcohol so i hope they raise its taxes '' fucking selfish idiots . 
  i dont have a car , i hope they raise the oil prices then . 
  ( no , i 'd never say that fyi ),
