  moldova looked like landlocked and stuck between ukraine and romania also . 
  arent you a mod ? 
  why is your name peasant blue like us rather than flashy green ? 
  yea !, 
  istanbul , it can get cold and wet but little snow :(, 
  i know !, 
  its liechenstein ( or sth like that ) , right ? 
  :p whats the other country ? 
  well it will be a whole lot chillier since i only see snow for one week which barely covers the ground ^ ( if we are lucky ), 
  aah but i am a sad depressive guy in the inside :(, 
  i would run to iceland or antartica . 
  they are always the last one to fall . 
  always !, 
  i am not westophobic . 
  i am one of those secularist turks . 
  whats that thing just in the border between france and spain ? 
  ooh sorry i misunderstood . 
  still every country has bad deed . 
  it is wrong to not going them for x reason . 
  but about your `` imaginary victimisation '' you can see that anti-turkism is rampant in this subreddit . 
  you are welcome , 
  can you give examples of this `` human rights abuse '' or this another screw turkic countries thing ? 
  we have 5 % of our lands in europe . 
  thats enough . 
  istanbul had and still has many secular people but they are outnumbered by those who arent . 
  yea conservativeness increase from west to east . 
  thank you !, 
  wish more people had actually seen us instead of living with stupid prejudices . 
  aaah !, 
  this is true . 
  not `` most '' since there was already secular people there . 
  but some of the balkan muhacirs made it here and they were secular mostly . 
  but i was talking about internal immigration from east to west . 
  its a mixed bag . 
  those who have coast to aegean and mediterranean are developed and secular turks used to be majority . 
  why `` used '' ? 
  because those cities were literally bombarded by the people from east ( conservative ) and southeast ( conservative , tribalistic kurds mostly ) and whats worse is instead of integrating to the western society those people build up their own little communities and screw up everything !, 
  they refuse everything we stand for . 
  and whats even worser ? 
  your average western couple would make 1 or 2 children whereas a guy from east would make 3-4 and another one from southeast would make up to 10 damn children !!!, 
  wtf ??!, 
  how are you going to raise those kids ? 
  you wont , thats the answer . 
  crazy assholes ... and this is how cities fell one by one . 
  mediterranean is pretty much lost except antalya which is a very tentative balance between two sides . 
  and 2 other adana and hatay who are still can be salvaged but sad defeats . 
  in the aegean izmir ( and a few other cities ) shines like a beacon of light with secularists outnumbering religious conservatives by a great margin . 
  istanbul ( despite having a great deal of good people ) with its 14 damn millions of population eastern migrants vastly outnumber than those who are not . 
  yea i made that a bit overly depressive and they are not `` that '' evil :p but you got the point . 
  yea obviously secular turks are different in regions as well . 
  pretty sure cypriot culture also affected and changed those cypriots in a way and maybe even greeks changed by somehow . 
  yea they are conservatives in west unfortunately but they are mostly immigrants from the lesser developed regions of turkey ( particularly east and southeast ) i was talking about those who were really native to their region . 
  what the ducking duck ? 
  did they poll this in southeast turkey ? 
  turkish people are different in many areas . 
  west/central anatolian/black sea/east/southeast / all are different . 
  west turks are pretty much like turkish cypriots . 
  it is erdogan who set us backwards . 
  middle east kind of conservative islam is a threat to every country . 
  including turkey . 
   i think people and countrys a far more valuable than fucking money , numbers on a screen . 
  your government , no any government doesnt think like you . 
  well we entered anatolia in 1079 and modern day turkish people are far more indigenous ( who were assimilated through centuries ) than our turkic roots . 
  so there is a huge difference between us and muricans . 
  i dont i was just making your typical hypocrisy seen . 
  nobody dares to say anything to americans but when its about people like us `` go back where you came from evil conquerors ! '', 
  p.s constantinople is now istanbul, 
  yea and this was what i meant . 
  we prefer to use muslim majority when targeted to our country ( or azerbaijan ) because when someone says a muslim country it kinda means like they are ruled by muslim ( sharia ) laws . 
  we would never want to be associated with that level of muslimness . 
  well all muricans are conquerers and natives are pretty much all dead . 
  lets kick you out back to europe then . 
  hypocrite . 
  wtf does `` muslim country '' mean ? 
  people are people . 
  people drink . 
  and what makes you think you will have an issue with me ? 
  i can pretty much cohabitate anyone who is not a nutjob . 
  since trnc is not legally accepted everyone who immigrates through that is illegal according to you all , hell even their citizens are illegal living in an illegal land . 
  we must have a hold of some bases in cyprus if we are to unite the island . 
  i am already at home-istanbul . 
  but will you want to kick me out if i were to immigrate to cyprus ? 
  would you do the same if a greek , british had done the same ? 
  see ? 
  you dont want us . 
  you wanted to wipe them all in the past and so the same now . 
  well turks will stay there . 
  well you didnt say that when brits occupied you . 
  did you ? 
  9 & of the island belongs to brits . 
  yea . 
  you have a point . 
  we should make an agreement with cyprus . 
  british solution . 
  we had to protect out turkish cypriot brothers were they have been butchered by you !, 
  you wanted us to stay idly ? 
  not gon na happen ... 
  our ratio is quite good given that 12-15 % of our population is kurds . 
  you are horrible ... 
  their voice is not powerful enough to say on that matter .
