russia hands down . 
  we were always fighting since they always wanted to go south , cold is boring they say . 
  now ? 
  they still invade us , this time with swimtrunks and they are fighting with not us but germans on beaches ... 
  turkey can not into love :'(, 
  soon ... 
  nope , islands control some airspace around them . 
  they cant have infinite airspace . 
  and that area looks like it doesnt have islands in it . 
  so its legal but rude and provocative . 
  well as a turkish it does look like provocation . 
  elections are approaching so attempt to steal a bit votes ? 
  and just saying , greece doesnt completely control airspace . 
  there are leaks between those islands . 
  we will probably exercise there and be legal but nonetheless its a stupid provocation . 
  you are right . 
  he knows how to control masses . 
  i hope we get rid of him asap . 
  we pick the guy who is there . 
  and surely government here wouldnt send a crazy guy to veto stuff this would decrease our prestige . 
  people here can still give one more push for eu if we do get in it will only increase more . 
  if we cant it will drop drastically . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i can reference all of my arguements . 
  dont blame me if you cant answer . 
  i only need one thing to show that its not genocide and i have done it already , wrstern armenians were nearly untouched . 
  however great the numbers are it still doesnt make genocide . 
  because genocide isnt all about numbers . 
  so your arguement is wrong but whatever you say you will keep on saying murderous , tyrannt turks . 
  this hatress 's roots go back to ottoman empire . 
  there are far more important genocide 's that other european countries committed . 
  take any empire throughout history . 
  usa who loves to bash us for that nearly completely eradicated their natives yet noone says anything . 
  this goes to the most important european countries . 
  ( england , france , spain , russia , ... ) why dont they accept theirs before getting mad to us ? 
  germans intentionally killed jews . 
  ottomans did not take them and filled them in gas chambers . 
  they rebelled and got relocated . 
  here watch this . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg70uwesfu4 or what about turkish genocide ( from your opinion it was a genocide ) in balkans ? 
  we lost about 6 million of turkish after we lost those lands in the first balkan war !, 
  nobody gives the slightest fuck . 
  you show yourselves as the pinnacle of civilizations yet you are covered with hyprocsy and this happened before the so called genocide and fueled hatress against non-muslims . 
  yet we are still appearantly the bloody killers !, 
  un decided that both bosnia and serbia committed genocides to eachother but they exempted from reperations because they were not done in modern day serbia and bosnia . 
  turkey is complete opposite of what ottoman was . 
  people who lived at that times are dead already . 
  holocaust was far worser than this ethnic cleansing and turkey will never cede terriyory even if it means war . 
  small reperations can be paid for the sake of good will but thats it . 
  armenia has bigger issues to resolve . 
  right now they are like a vassal under russians . 
  they are landlocked and borders are closed with turkey and azerbaijan . 
  if borders get open again they will benefit a lot from it . 
  dont get me wrong i want turkey to be in friendly terms of every country around us but i am dead sick of hatress against us . 
  we massacred kurds ? 
  really ? 
  if we had massacred them there wouldnt be such a huge amount of kurds here . 
  there was injustice against them which turkey was responsible of but there wasnt any massacres . 
  and well they will gain autonomy somehow down the road as i said . 
  we accept ethnic cleansing of east armenians . 
  genocide is a very heavy word that means wiping out the entire race wherever you spot them . 
  however in this case western armenians were nearly untouched and the eastern armenians were forced to deport but due to the collapsing empire situation was fucked up many armenians died . 
  i am not saying they are not responsible for their deaths but what do you expect from a country whose power can not reach beyond their capital ? 
  and a big mistake , this was done during ottoman regime , we are turkey , completely different and completely opposite . 
  so it wasnt our country who did that . 
  un proposed [ annan plan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annan_plan_for_cyprus ) for cyprus but they rejected . 
  why are we always blamed about this issue ? 
  the reason we got there was to stop greeks from killing turkish cypriots . 
  i agree that it is not right to maintain turkish soldier there but we simply dont trust them and cant take risk that it will happen again . 
  those area must be defended . 
  kurds - many injustices were done to them - will probably get autonomy somehow , wish we could live as friends but it looks like its impossible now . 
  i voted for the main opposition party . 
  however this erdogan guy knows how to make people follow him . 
  yes the reward for being the worst president in republic of turkey goes to that cunt ... yet majority still votes him ... 
  you are wrong my friend . 
  greece and cyprus do want turkey to be in the eu . 
  because they are cautious against turkey even though a war between us will likely never happen . 
  if we get in a possible war risk will be so low that they can cut their military budgets . 
  unfortunately we cant because we are such in a damned ( or lucky ? ), 
  place . 
  the problem is france and germany , they simply do not want turkey and all those issues ( cyprus , kurds , armenians ... ) are for show only . 
  they are playing as if they want to get in to eu but they really dont . 
  unfortunately general opinion to eu is getting lower and lower and now they are not really even trying to hide that . 
  however still sometimes `` integration to eu laws '' do pass , but they dont really want it . 
  speaking for us this was a long dream since our foundation . 
  it would cause great turmoil if we were in the eu and some stupid politician quitted . 
  i mean firstly they really would not do that , people wouldnt let that happen but now its kind late ... 
  yea majority picked him . 
  i did not . 
  he doesnt fully represent turkey ... 
  as a turkish because of we are waited soooooo much the public opinion is going downwards for the eu anyway . 
  plus we are going backwards with this stupid islamist ignorant government of ours . 
  why havent you accepted earlier for gods sake ? 
  now we are being drawned in to the pitch black abyss called islam by every second . 
  getting in to eu would push us to the right western direction . 
  now people is like `` fuck them !, 
  we dont want them too if they dont want us , we can always be allied with eastern countries anyway !, 
  ( china , russia , india ... ) '' however i understand they dont want us . 
  population . 
  maybe they can alter their system for us ?
