  you are right :p i hope you do !, 
  there is much to see here :d, 
  yea true and it was nothing compared to what turks suffered in bulgarian hands . 
  many many many more people were killed . 
  edirne was one city just imagine the opposite on happening every city after ww1 . 
  yea exactly . 
  that was what i was talking about . 
  at least we gained a tiny piece of land . 
  nothing ti hide our shame in the previous war or nothing that can mend the wound . 
  look . 
  if we were that backward we wouldnt be at top10 tourist destinations . 
  and istanbul wouldnt be one of the most visited cities in the world . 
  i hope you are kidding ... but no wait you dont ... you take your news from rojavanews i guess . 
  there must have been a background history about that . 
  you can wear dress if you want !, 
  i can see that on anyone . 
  there must be a bad-blood between them . 
  it can not be dress related . 
  you are overexaggerating . 
  shirt pulling ? 
  come on maan !, 
  i am saying its not a problem in turkey . 
   but i assume it 's similar to egypt no . 
  but there is that thing . 
  they will actively try to sell you stuff , it happens in small bazaars and not in big markets . 
  they would back off if you just say `` i am browsing '', 
  all i am saying is no need to exaggerate their number in our society . 
  you wont even find them in aegean and mediterranean coastal cities . 
  conservativeness is slightly above 10 % ? 
  do you even know how many votes ukip got in the latest elections ? 
  just the difference is that conservativeness in europe doesnt have anything against alcoholic beverages . 
  the problem is you make it seen as if those who make it a big thing are a very big majority as if they make like 80-90 % of people while in fact they are slightly above 50 %, 
  exactly . 
  doesnt matter if you are in some islamic republic . 
  tourists bring money , tourists are good . 
  nobody cares as long as you bring money as a tourist . 
  but the distinction here is that you can also do those even if you are turkish . 
  it depends on where you are . 
  there are conservatives and there are liberal secularists . 
  you can easily go to a pub/club/bar / disco and find a girl to hook up with . 
  there is shame culture yes i know but not everyone has it . 
  yea i know that people try to scam when you are buying some stuff but i didnt know it was gone that far . 
  i have always heard positive feedback from our tourists so i am a bit surprised . 
  i have to say you ran off to bad people . 
  where have you been in turkey ? 
  southeast region ? 
  go take your drink and drink it in some beach anytime . 
  go drink it at night in park . 
  wherever whatever you want . 
  most of the turks out there , do drink it doesnt matter if they are strictly religious , most of them do . 
  haha . 
  i would have thought america would forbid doing business on unrecognised countries !, 
  over the span of last weeks ? 
  stop calling `` kurds '' to pkk . 
  i had really enough of this anti-turkist propaganda !, 
  its the pkk not the kurds !, 
  got it ? 
  i cant say anything about old men . 
  they can be arrogant , they act as if their age gives them permission to check whatever they want . 
  but they mean no harm , they are just some old sad people who probably couldnt visit anything outside their neighbourhood . 
  but come on every society has some people who `` hunts '' females . 
   drinking alcohol , wearing revealing clothes and partying are more welcome and tolerated in greece than in turkey . 
  yes , you have never been to turkey . 
  avoiding turkey ? 
  hmmm ... tell that to brits . 
  edit : as in , we have many many brits here . 
  not that we dont want them !, 
  any tourist is welcomes !, 
  very interesting . 
  we have great hospitaly against foreigners , either you were biased before coming here or you ran off to bad people . 
  sorry if thats the case . 
  we totally meant for that to happen . 
  oh please . 
  millions of balkan turks were killed and millions of turks were deported as a result of the balkan wars . 
  istanbul was completely filled with immigrants and the state had no idea where to relocate them . 
  i myself is a descendant of my great grandfather who was persecuted by bulgarians he left everything behind to save his dear life . 
  i can tell this story more and what happened to his brother if you want . 
  there are millions of other stories like this and not all of them with a happy ending . 
  ( happy ending as in they survive , not living like they used to before ) anyway i didnt want to tell all this you started it . 
  if not for my great grandfather 's escape i could be living in bulgaria or simply dead ... 
  your tzar shouldnt have had his head in his ass . 
  you striking konstantiniyye was the stupidiest thing you did in balkan wars 1 . 
  even empire at its weakest state could hold on to your attacks . 
  it wasnt realistic at all to begin with . 
  did you know he even had his emperor his emperor dress readied to wear after he conquered `` tsargrad '' . 
  with the manpower you wasted on laying siege on istanbul and throwing bodies for nothing you could have done much better in other fronts . 
  even russia didnt support you when you attacked istanbul . 
  in fact if you somehow conquered it , russia would simply grab and take it from you . 
  oh and many thanks for starting second balkan war . 
  nothing to be so proud of as we literally didnt fight and the balkan wars 1 was so ashaming to begin with . 
  dude , wake up british empire dead waaaaay before than that . 
  god , the second story is just pure awesomeness . 
  the first balkan war . 
  disaster ... 
  ireland + northern ireland = british isles afaik ... 
  it is understandable why ireland doesnt want them named british isles though ... 
  easy . 
  england + scotland + wales = great britain great britain + northern ireland = united kingdom, 
  because there is no proof pointing at him . 
  you are the one who will give proofs that he is behind the attacks .
