  refugee 's productivity is 0 ( zero ! ), 
  on another note : have fun with them hahahah !, 
  trade is something else , letting refugees pass by is something else . 
  do we get money by holding off refugees like we are doing right now ? 
  no we dont . 
  in trade both parts give something to each other . 
  this is not a trade . 
  why should we try to have a good relationship with a union who doesnt care about us ? 
  there is no benefit . 
  would we have 2.2 m refugees if we werent ? 
  use your logic ... 
  why the hell would we integrate them ??!!, 
  sorry for trigger ... 
  anyway . . do we want more apeshit islamists ? 
  no we dont !!, 
  they should all be gone after this mess is over . 
  why would we want it anymore . 
  eu doesnt want turkey and never will . 
  yea then start paying refugee costs . 
  ( this is to eu not exclusivelly greece ), 
  okay , we are up for a rematch, 
   turkish mafia . 
  whats this supposed to mean ? 
  greater albania !, 
  yes . 
  and it was intentionally destroyed by croats to destroy cultural/historical heritage . 
  put cyprus and armenia in europe . 
  but turkey out !, 
  we are not as rich as western european countries . 
  we need help on dealing with refugees . 
  we paid enough from our pockets , we can not even help that much to our fellow unlucky homeless/jobless etc turks . 
  said the selfish arrogant european ... 
  here starts the stupid circlejerk . 
  so when do we get our money ?!, 
  assholes , we should send them all the 2 million refugees we have . 
  they only seem as if they are doing something , nothing but pr and we always get the shitty stick no matter what . 
  what ?!, 
  thats horrible !, 
  we are secular , no religious people should enter schools . 
  a priest in school ceremony ? 
  i cant believe what kind of a shit show would happen if an imam ended up in a school . 
  they are on strike . 
  yea because spain is really good and was expected to beat italy . 
  we didnt really play on the spanish match . 
  we have already beaten italy and germany . 
  our plan was that spain would beat italy and we would be 3rd in the end . 
  but didnt work as expected ... 
  how did italy beat spain ?!, 
  we should have been 3rd not 4th !, 
  turkish republic gives all individuals from northern cyprus turkish visas . 
  so they can go wherever they want but i hope we have northern cypriot who can answer . 
  but all i can say is that they are completely dependant to turkey . 
  and there is not much of a similarity . 
  whole europe is a combination of different civilizations and races ... 
  i cant believe we got more than you . 
  more turkish redditors ? 
  they showed the condition of the refugee camps on the news when the first influx of refugees arrived and camps started operating . 
  a lot of people and the opposition parties complained that they were giving too much and that your local homeless turkish guy doesnt have those resources and we shouldnt help them that much while we can not help our people . 
  and they were right . 
  refugees had infinite amount of gas , a tent for every family , a card which they can spend to buy food in the camp 's mall which they have a generous daily quota . 
  on the other hand we have people which collect paper from the garbage bin to give them to factories so they can recycle them and they earn very very little yet work from dawn till midnight . 
  and then we have european countries which has like 10 % of the refugees we have and all they do is to throw refugees to eachother and blame turkey at each step . 
  * sigh *, 
  yea . 
  indeed . 
  i was just comparing the power to fund mosques between us and sauds . 
  there was even an article saying 60 % of german turks accept gay marriage . 
  i dont think that 'd be possible with saud mosques . 
  well turkey would fund some of the mosques as well ... like 1/100 of the sauds do . 
  because its not . 
  europe is all about christiandom . 
  one of the biggest reasons why people dont consider us `` in europe '' is because we picked the wrong religion . 
  i am not judging them , its just how it is . 
  if roman empire continued then those lands would be considered as european as well . 
  yes . 
  i hope so too . 
  because you will ** surely ** win against germans . 
  i mean i wish germans could win so we could be 3rd but no they wont . 
  you were supposed to beat italians !, 
  such a horrible group ... 
  yes of course everybody knows that and italy is known for switchining sides . 
  what kind of a war do you expect in eastern turkey . 
  we are no iraq or syria we have stability . 
  erdogan feeds on instability though . 
  he even said that `` vote akp and bring stability , these wouldnt happen if there was a party over 400 deputies '' he is a cunt . 
  unfortunately yes . 
  yes he actually destroyed turkish nationalism and paved way for kurdish nationalism . 
  but however hdp succeded in taking nearly all kurdish votes and some turkish votes ( in hopes for a peaceful agreement between turks and kurds and strategic votes to get them pass the % 10 threshold ) after that hdp promised their voters that they wont betray their turkish voters and be `` turkey 's party '' instead of an `` exclusively kurdish party '' however they failed this and couldnt completely cut their relationship with pkk . 
  now they will lose votes because they are still with pkk and your casual turkish voter will probably wont vote for them in the upcoming elections because their true face has been seen . 
  however things arent going as expected for erdogan as well . 
  despite his best efforts he still can not take enough votes to give his party absolute majority . 
  akp and chp will gain some . 
  hdp and mhp will lose some . 
  in the end nothing will actually change . 
  i dont trust hdp at all even though i want to but right now erdogan is a bigger thorn and i want them to pass threshold but i will not vote for them and will support chp as i did in the last elections . 
  ultra nationalists are fucking idiot . 
  first of all mhp = / = ultranationalists . 
  even though they vote for that , leader of the mhp did everything to pacify those idiots and they told their voters to not be provocated and told that his party took no role in their actions . 
  ultranationalists have beaten koreans thinking as if they were chineese to protest china 's actions against east turkestan ( wow , so genius to beat a tourist to protests its government to begin with ! ), 
  they even torched the store of a martyr 's relative to protest pkk .
