  lets say the longer you stay in the union the more seats you have . 
  hmmm that sounded ridiculous . 
  how about economics ? 
  uk would want to decrease germany 's seats somehow anyway . 
  what makes you think people want jihad ? 
  dont believe crap your media throws at . 
  turkey has one of the highest tourists per year . 
  do you think people would visit if we were jihadis ? 
  wow yea done a bit wiki and you are right . 
  he was born in turkey but immigrated to germany ... well at least we still have ( this time % 100 , i am sure ) turkish taleworlds company . 
  not much known as crytek but their game mount & blade is amazing , which you should play if you like video games . 
  we have crytek !, 
  - and thats it ... 
  then he should have written like that but it looks like op edited his post . 
  they are no longer categorised like that . 
  i loved the part european countries - other ( irrelevant , worthless ) european countries . 
  lol, 
  no , no , no . 
  its gone . 
  get over it . 
  a century passed over and only thing we can do is to give citizenships . 
  article 's title is what matters and its same . 
  yea because armenian villagers are doing better than their azeri counterparts s. /, 
  we never said ethnic cleansing . 
  we said massacre . 
  there are . 
  and i 'd support if the displaced people come back . 
  so you 'd rather have them in a bad situation than integrating as a part of az where everyone can prosper . 
  thats just your head . 
  bok is poop in turkish, 
  not all mosque 's are saudi and not all muslim communities are retarded as fuck . 
  there are muslims who wouldnt mind about lgbt people and i am not even talking about women equal rights , that is plain barbarism in 21st century . 
  cypriots are cypriot . 
  some speak greek some speak turkish . 
  yea . 
  true , both sides did shitty things and now both sides are homogenous . 
  if i cared about karma i 'd have said `` evil turks '' then sit back and let karma flow . 
  nationalism . 
  it completely fucked up big empires . 
  i wish people could live in peace again :(, 
  thanks to khojaly massacre . 
  though at this point it can only be incorporated as an autonomous region within az. 
  nk residents can enjoy higher standarts of living this way too . 
  caucassia could also be put on those maps . 
  agreed . 
  for example ? 
  and no . 
  nk is internationally recognized as az territory , nothing will change that . 
  edit : downvoted for simply stating a fact . 
  breaking surprising news of the day : / r/europe shitposter falls for the typical bad-turk , innocent armenian narrative . 
  right now it is . 
  but it didnt use to be like that . 
  check out khojaly massacre . 
  whats so hard to understand irony ? 
  check flair . 
   it only takes place in muslim dominated cultures no . 
  its cultural rather than religious . 
  ethiopia a christian country also has high fgm rates . 
  it is not a muslim tradition . 
  it is a geographical tradition in middle east and north africa . 
  egyptian religious leaders have denounced that practice many times and the numbers are nowhere as high as 90 %, 
  he was . 
  this is not the first time i am seeing this claim . 
  seems like gallipoli campaign struck them down hard that they believe they could have succeeded if they had pushed harder . 
  sure ottoman empire was very weak and fragile but do they really expect a walk in the park ? 
  no you couldnt . 
  just no . 
  stop bullshitting . 
  you dont just expect to walk in an empire 's capital . 
  do you ? 
  those minarets were erected centuries ago . 
  typical christian-muslim war . 
  they are a part of hagia sophia now . 
  and hagia sophia is a musem now . 
  thats how it should be . 
  no conflict = / = solution no conflict doesnt mean it should stay out of the map . 
  well i wouldnt want to take in 77m people either . 
  because russia literally annexed it and ukraine couldnt do anything but accept ? 
  you cant just combine whole west 's gpt and imagine that they act as one . 
  all think for their own gains . 
  excluding completely annexed crimea i see . 
  could we finally into eu ? 
  easy . 
  because turks = / = arabs . 
  wow . 
  what a wonderful quote , i didnt know that !, 
  you say that because you havent seen the otherwise . 
  grass is always greener on the othet side . 
  god , what the hell are you talking about asshole ? 
  worser employment records than arabs ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ?!, 
  i compared turkish workers and arab immigrants . 
  and then you just became apeshit !, 
  what does the last sentence even mean ? 
  i dont see anyone inferior and by the way you say things you seem to be the racist here . 
  yes . 
  we are not . 
  turks from west , east , black sea and southeast differ a lot . 
  with the most islamists being from the southeast and even those arab refugees manage to suprass them in bigotry , islamism and conservatism . 
  at least those turks worked there .
