  monarchy is stupid their property should belong to people . 
  hmmm yea i see ( no i dont but i can imagine ), 
  but finns are scandinavians . 
  queen 's guard is stupid, 
  criminal contingent ? 
  whats the general consensus about turks and turkey ? 
  doesnt it same for everyone about drinks ? 
  i am asocial so why not everyone buys their own beer ? 
  spoken like a true serbian !, 
  britain did more damage in a much shorter time than what turks did in a long time . 
  ataturk said that they could create an autonomous state for kurds within turkey not to kurds but to great powers he never actually promised them to give an autonomous state . 
  but diplomacy is diplomacy and so it never happened . 
  dont get me wrong now . 
  i do not oppose the idea of secceding southeast turkey but in return all kurds who are not loyal to turkish republic will leave immediately . 
  running , let alone creating a state is not easy . 
  we are talking about kurds who lived nomadic throughout history and couldnt create an independent state . 
  i would support that solution . 
  those lands had brought no good to us lets use it to solve another problem . 
  we give more than we take from there anyway . 
  yea . 
  i should have written that . 
  chp and mhp can get along well now despite leftist-grey wolves clashes in the past . 
  yea their voter bases are similar but i thought most people who voted mhp has a dislike towards erdogan since some of ex-akp voters voted mhp this time . 
  anyway i could be wrong . 
  hdp is a dirty record of clearly supporting terrorists . 
  this alone causes many of the turkish people to openly hate and dislike them . 
  however they ( hdp ) said that they will be turkey 's party from now on and wont be kurd 's party and that they wont betray their strategical voters . 
  this is a very nice progress on their side but of course we must first actually see what they will do , will they be true to their word or just not to lose their turkish votes . 
  hdp is leftist and secular but the funny thing is those who vote them ( mostly kurds ) are completely opposite , religious conservatives who even rebelled at the first years of our turkish republic not because of kurdish nationalism but to create an islamic state with sharia law and shit . 
  so why they vote hdp ? 
  literally the only kurdish party . 
  so chp would rather avoid hdp for now until they have really proven that they are turkey 's party but chp would want them to support if they are to form a government . 
  akp capitalist , authoritarian , religious chp socialist , liberal , secular mhp capitalist , authoritarian , religious , turkish nationalistic ( to an extent faschism ) hdp socialist , liberal , secular , kurdish nationalistic ( to an extent faschism ) ( complete opposite voter base for first 3 ), 
   pre-ww2 germany thats scary . 
  a : there is no major internet censorship for now , mostly they happen for a few days in critical times . 
  freedom of speech is crippled and i hope that it recovers , it will improve for sure since they lost the absolute majority but right now can not say to what extent it will be improved . 
  chp/mhp/hdp hate each other ( nearly ) as much as they hate akp . 
  those parties dont want to stay with akp as its name is too stained and their whole campaign was anti-akp from the beginning . 
  they 'd surely lose votes and their votebase would feel betrayed if they help akp . 
  it is completely impossible for mhp and hdp at the same side of the coaliation as they are the opposite ends of the same stick . 
  akp-hdp coalition makes sense but luckily demirtas ( their leader ) said that they would never form a coalition with them . 
  this was one of the most probable possibility as they worked together for a long time . 
  also some of the people ( strategic voters ) voted for them even though they dislike hdp because they wanted them to pass the threshold so akp would not take those seats and they completely hate akp . 
  however it must be noted that it only takes a word from ocalan ( leader of the terrorist organization pkk who is in jail ) to replace demirtas with someone who is more akp friendly and willing for coalition . 
  this would also test if hdp is truly a democratic party of turkey or a political extension of a terrorist organization . 
  akp - mhp coalition is a bit hard but possible . 
  mhp voter base hates akp and erdogan but bahceli ( mhp 's leader ) may agree for a coalition in return of accepting his terms . 
  akp lost a lot of kurdish votes and they would lose even more ( since they have seen hdp 's success now ) one of the most crucial demands bahceli makes is to drop the solution process which was what made akp gain their votes . 
  now they have already lost a giant margin of votes but ending peace solution would mean completely dropping kurdish votes . 
  since akp voter base feels betrayed by kurds they might even agree to drop the peace solution . 
  he also wants them to drop their demand for presidency system . 
  this is a check since they acknowledged that the people refused this system . 
  he also wants the ministers who were corrupted to be judged rightfully . 
  this is a hard one since those ministers would lead to erdogan 's son and erdogan himself which would be the end for him . 
  akp-chp coalition near impossible unless akp stops being akp . 
  they are the nemesis of eachother . 
  their voter bases hate eachother to the guts . 
  most chp voters are open minded and could accept if akp makes enormous extravagant changes to theirselves but akp voters would never forgive . 
  all in all this wont happen . 
  chp-mhp coalition quite possible but not enough for majority . 
  their interests overlap most of the time . 
  not much to write here . 
  chp-hdp coalition possible but its not something chp voters would favor and makes no sense to not forming a coalition with mhp instead since they have a larger amount of votes chp-mhp-hdp coalition impossible . 
  nothing can be said here . 
  even akp and erdogan hating in common can not bring mhp and hdp together . 
  chp-mhp coalition backed by hdp . 
  this was a probable solution but bahceli said that they would even refuse a coalition which is backed by hdp ( srsly mhp ... come to your senses ... ) they claim that it makes sense for akp-hdp coalition since they have cooperated so long now . 
  in the end akp is in downfall and the end for erdogan is seen . 
  after his presidency days are over he will have nowhere to escape however he can do crazy shit like declaring war to assad just to save his own ass . 
  that does not mean we can take arabs . 
  your average turk dislikes an arab, 
  google translate much ? 
  hello greece !, 
  you can always sell some of your islands to us . 
  you have too many anyway !, 
  love , turkey, 
  nope . 
  lol, 
  western europeans hurted the new world much more than we did to balkans . 
  in fact if we had sucked them dry like they did nobody here would be talking about how ottos ruled balkans . 
  anyway butthurt comments always make me smile , 
  completely irrelevant . 
  they are not close to africa on anything even that piece is like 0.000004 % of the whole piece . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  do you really think nazi action and our intervention was same ? 
  those people were actually murdered . 
  turkey of course wouldnt leave them to greece but if these had not happened and the island would become independent not dependent to greece then the turkey wouldnt intervene . 
  i am done with you and your copy pasta . 
  god . 
  do you even read ? 
  you keep repeating the same bullshit . 
  at least most greeks i met here were not like you . 
  and what are you claiming that greek cypriots stay put and did nothing and evil turkey invaded an island which usa did not approve ? 
  are you denying bloody sunday , eoka , einosis and un desperately trying to protect turkish citizens but failing ? 
  whatever our intentions were doesnt matter we had a reason and it was greek cypriots . 
  europe would find turkey guilty anytime they want but they wouldnt do shit if we were the the victim . 
  they didnt do shit when greek cypriots started to kill our brother but they find us guilty for protecting our people ??? 
  for giving a reaction ??? 
  turks in the south also left their everything behind just to save their dear lives . 
  wow .
