  republic of srspska is so blend in in bosnia . 
  a complete seperation would be impossible . 
  it is not far fetched at all !, 
  people know ( and hate ) turkey for maintaining army on the island yet has no power to do nor say anythi that opposes british which their reason is completely militaristic , at least we have some people to defend to . 
  yea . 
  britain controls 9 % of the island and nobody dares to say anything . 
  well they are there as a result of you tried to remove fellow turkish cypriots . 
  i really really liked your voting system . 
  but ... does your life loses its meaning after 30 ? 
  its actually called makedonya here . 
  it is indeed interesting that some of the balkan names have different names . 
  for example skopje is called \u00fcsk\u00fcp . 
  dunno why . 
  must be a reason behind that . 
  i dont really care . 
  live and let live . 
  yes because it was centuries ago . 
  the way brits handled their dominions was way worser yet nobody talks about them . 
  our army is at the north of the island . 
  un seperates . 
  hey we were one of the first nations to accept israel , 
   go kill armenia to prove your fidelity . 
  you wot m8 ? 
  is getting into nordics for estonians same as we trying to get into eu ? 
  because you have never broken your wall of prejudice and read my comments like a normal sane guy . 
  well . 
  do you even know why the hell did turkey take 1/3 of the island in the first place ? 
  eoka , einosis ... have you ever heard of those terms ? 
  or how we were ethnically cleansed from balkans ( genocide according to armenians ) ? 
  no , of course you wont because you are blinded by your society and media . 
  whatever you do , whatever west has done to us is ** completely ** overlooked whereas our actions are multiplied and served back to us . 
  very well done to you . 
  turkish here . 
  this is true . 
  we were extremely weak and horrendously war exhausted . 
  we were completely done with wars and just wanted peace because we were losing every damn war ( minus canakkale thanks to ataturk ) and even then balkan wars still had a very deep wound to our honour . 
  when you took smyrna ( except some nationalists ) people were happy that the suffering was over and they thought they could live peacefully from now on . 
  but then your army stupidly started killing and raping us which made population uneasy and hostile towards you and then brits decided to use you as a lapdog and attacked ankara with warcry `` to the angora '' with more loots , pilages in villages along the way . 
  in the end you lost everything whereas you could have taken eastern thrace ( sorry western powers would have never give you constantinopolis ) and even smyrna if you had patiently waited and being friendlier to the locals . 
  well thank him i guess :d anyway we should leave these behind and cooperate in the future since both of our countries are pretty much weak and crippled . 
  oh and yes you had a good navy which was one of the reasons we lost balkan wars because reinforcements couldnt pass from smyrna to the balkans because you blockaded ports : <, 
  our star and crescent is too much to the left . 
  yea true but i dont think kazakhs or tatars call theirselves russian . 
  there is a religion difference to begin with . 
  since gagavuz turks are christian they are much easier to be russified . 
  you can give some of those beautiful islands to us that could fix your image , 
  care to give any proof ? 
  or is this another `` evil turkey '' lie ? 
  why would they serve moscow 's interests ? 
  gagauzians are turks afaik . 
  couldnt they at least make it look modern ? 
  i am dead sick of the old architecture . 
  it must stay in past . 
  you sure you can take it ? 
  isnt macedonia a weak country ? 
  afaik even bulgaria is weak too but probably stronger compared to macedonia . 
  god . 
  do you seriously think all catholic christians care about him ? 
  they may be catholic christians but most of them dont care about him . 
  whats the hard thing to understand in that ? 
  most of the european countries are distasteful against us it was like that even before erdogan sadly . 
  a minority in christians as a whole . 
  its symbolic if anything . 
  apart from some minority christians do not really care i think . 
  they welcome the shittiest radical immigrants yet they deny someone who is under threat because of his much better views ? 
  woah . 
  whats up with vatican ? 
  first they accepted armenian genocide ? 
  and now this ? 
  wow i am amazed . 
  does anyone give a shit though ? 
  yea another bullshit westerner excuse . 
  do i see any god damn natives in america ??!, 
  apart from being a little community in the middle of nowhere ? 
  at least ottomans only killed eastern armenians and not all of them . 
  where there were faaar more million natives in america . 
  ukrainians are always welcome here . 
  they 'd be much much better than syrians . 
  however turkey is not strong enough to take good care of immigrants . 
  syrians here are very well looked more than they should . 
  they live in tents where gas heater is provided . 
  they are given money to use instores . 
  life is too good for them . 
  we are doing far more than we should . 
  european countries should man up . 
  i want to bang my head to the wall when i hear this . 
  turkish culture is not compatiblr with arabian culture !!!!, 
  they are a big problem here !!, 
  2 million, 
  thats what i am saying !, 
  world doesnt recognize it as a genocide . 
  simply as `` unlucky events for them '' while that was many times worser than armenian `` genocide '', 
  yes they had a hand but that was becausd they were mistaken as armenians . 
  kurdish tribes who wanted to be dominant in the region ( one of the reasons they were more than happy for armenian genocide ) butchered them along with armenians . 
  yet they are not framed as evil when someone mentions them . 
  however when it comes to us ... edit : and i dont see natives genocide memorial or not even a wiki article !!!, 
  you will get mad at me but that genocide but that was almost exclusively done by kurdish tribes not under control of ottomans . 
  and you never hear us . 
  we dont deny the killings we only challenge the word genocide . 
  but i hate when all spanish and british empire 's atrocities are completely overlooked but ottoman 's are always pointed to us !,
