  when he says `` it keeps happening '' under an armenian genocide topic one thinks that armenian genocide continues . 
  obviously isis is committing genocide for those who doesnt think like them . 
  including muslims . 
  and that is what i am talking about !, 
  where are all those apologies , acknowledges by the british side ? 
  where ? 
  a greek name changed to turkish alphabet . 
  seriously that name is anything but turkish . 
  then remove every wiki title that says ethnic cleansing and put genocide . 
  come on do it . 
  let me repeat you can not compare ottoman state at that time and nazis . 
  it is utterly unfair . 
  well this is true, 
  they are now but were they when they accepted the genocide ? 
  i meant it as a muslim country . 
  surely of course a lot of individuals accept it . 
  oh come oon whole reddit thinks we are responsible and that saying that it was not a genocide is just as bad as perpetrating it . 
  but armenian ethnic cleansing was nowhere like what nazis did . 
  and nobody mentions kurdish involment in these massacres . 
  they wanted to be the dominant one in the region and now they are . 
  still he needs to publicly accept it in their assembly . 
  means nothing without uk and usa but they wont because they are powerful and they can do whatever they want . 
  stop taking the highest of highest estimates . 
  doesnt matter combine them all and still we have lost far more turks in balkans . 
  and what entity is that ? 
  those who have committed the biggest genocides ? 
  hell we can even call hiroshima and nagazaki a `` genocide '' too then !, 
  i am all for historians discussing the issue but it is all about political as of right now . 
  then there is literally no same person in this reddit . 
  true and true . 
  he identified himself as a turk even though clearly his parents were greek . 
  which is what important also true yea . 
  we are far more indigenous people of anatolia ( and caucassia , and balkans , and middle east for those living close to ... middle east ) rather than `` turk '', 
  we paid the debts of ottoman empire which was a huge burden to newly founded state . 
  if the genocide definition is enlarged . 
  then all western countries are in debt of wherever they colonised . 
  what are they doing ? 
  instead of kicking them out when they seek for asylum ? 
  it means he mourns the loss of them doesnt mean he defines the massacres as genocide, 
  he should respect the dead for turks first . 
  well i didnt want to repose on that but his name and surname is greek . 
  he had a troubled childhood where his parents let go of him and he somehow got brainwashed to be like that . 
  besides looks can be deceptive . 
  it means he respects the dead . 
  which means anyone would do that . 
  see this is exactly what we are saying . 
  we dont deny massacres we only say that it was not a genocide and that modern day turkey is not responsible for it . 
  if europe somehow says that it was a genocide and that the turkey was responsible for it then they will only prove theirselves hypocrites . 
  yes . 
  amount of turkish who accept genocide is like 9.1 % it will steadily increase until like 25-30 % and then it will drastically slow down . 
  how and where may i ask ? 
  difference between visiting and recognizing . 
  yes . 
  kemalism is left oriented, 
  translation : we are mourning the pain that has occurred 100 years ago in these lands . 
  ( never again in armenian ) the wound of disaster that has happened in ottoman empire is still fresh . 
  it is time to face this which cripples the human mind , conscience , rights and justice ; so that it may never happen again !, 
  `` i am watching the world in 1915 . 
  i am crying in pain to whole humanity and its politics . 
  i am watching the 2015 humanity , my soul moans inside me . 
  my heart throbbles . 
  i am watching my country . 
  i am ashamed . 
  i can not talk . 
  i am putting my voice away . 
  tears flow through my vocal cords '' rakel dink ( wife of the murdered journalist hrant dink ) ^ ^ ^ ironically ^ ^ ^ he ^ ^ ^ was ^ ^ ^ murdered ^ ^ ^ by ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ greek ( ogun ^ ^ ^ samast ) i tried my best to translate , it was a bit hard : / / u/hjaltland here you go, 
  yes . 
  they have been there since the beginning of the republic . 
  they have the values of ataturk and follow his way . 
  no it wouldnt . 
  lebanon is christian majority so is the parliament . 
  they could have ( and did ) easily pass the recognition . 
  you know him massacre-ing his own citizens because they were opposition , using chemical weapons against them . 
  turkey gave free access for those who have been running away from war like 2 million syrians and also let peshmerge troops pass away . 
  and turkey still bombed isis holds and prevented people from joining them . 
  edit : wow , you are awesome reddit . 
  according to you syria      turkey !, 
  awesome !, 
  lol the first muslim guy to recognize it is a genocider himself . 
  so what ? 
  should we apologise for every possible moment like your gov does ? 
  why doesnt anyone apologise for [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) then ? 
  do you have evidence that they purged it ? 
  no , ottoman archives are fully open . 
  because we need love :( we are like an ugly little guy who can not hang out with cool kids and bullied by bigger a ** holes . 
  yea really ? 
  but circassians ( who doesnt own any land right atm and will probably never will ) doesnt sue russia crazily for reperations or call them devil . 
  it wasnt genocide because there was no intent which is the root definition for genocide . 
  hahaha . 
  me too . 
  i dislike them as well . 
  but i heard they were quite popular in balkan countries ? 
  because archives . 
  i didnt mean your as `` your '' like usa is everyones land of freedom . 
  our usa , your usa ... stuff, 
  yea . 
  probably . 
  then whatever christian ottoman we would build would be third roman empire !!!, 
  :d now watch muhtesem yuzyil hahahahaah :d, 
  no there are a lot of countries including usa .
