  well greek cypriots also attacked un protected safe areas for turkish cypriots but nobody cared and did whatever to stop turkey from intervening . 
  nope you voted for him at first . 
  western turkey has a fertility rate of 1.5 it is the east and aoutheast that breeds like a rabbit . 
  `` after all , is n't that why ataturk killed all the christians '' [ citation needed ], 
  thats exactly how us would portray, 
  because armenian events werent a genocide but an ethnic cleansing . 
  and this is a mass murder rather than genocide . 
  eu using its power to bend the terms according to their will as always . 
  can anyone eli5 why great powers supported bosnia rather than serbs ? 
  whats in for them ? 
  and usa is strong as fuck so they always get away of every shit they pull . 
  look at all those discussions about srebrenica genocide !, 
  yea . 
  whole native genocide by colonization powers gets only just the amount of armenian genocide has . 
  much justice . 
  nearly no native lives in modern day usa , canada and australia . 
  west always takes more than it gives . 
  turkey was always restricted by great powers . 
  yea , you are right . 
  shitty country . 
  yea but its not called as `` genocide '' thats what matters, 
  that was back in 2010 . 
  wonder if anything happened since then . 
  and its simply called as massacre , not genocide . 
  there is no thing called genocide of the natives in a wiki article . 
  wrong ? 
  thats what made them powerful at that time . 
  wish ottomans were like that too . 
  where are all those glorious monuments , commerations ? 
  nope . 
  nobody ever calls their deeds as a genocide . 
  empire was colllapsing . 
  how do you expect them to protect you enough and no around 1 million armenians were dead . 
  / u/highdagger if you are a powerful nation you can make it seem like an ethnic cleansing . 
  see circassian ethnic cleansing . 
  basically same as armenian `` genocide '' if you are a weak state like turkey then you are damned to genocide . 
  but doesnt theie flag also symbolises christian minority ( white strip ) . 
  so i would expect them to be respectful against their minorities . 
  yea . 
  well . 
  if it makes him happy : your country is a 1000 times better than ours . 
  wish i was born there instead of this shithole . 
  / u/physicsismymistress, 
  `` a ton '' yeaa sure . 
  world will always look to us evil barbarians no matter what . 
  they 'd wipe us all if they had a chance . 
  belgian congolese genocide where millions were murdered . 
  seriously ? 
  do i need to give information on how brutal british empire was ? 
  i dont see any memorials , commerations . 
  i dont see anyone mentioning them here . 
  ok got it . 
  nobody ever mentions the genocides of the natives conducted by western powers too . 
  nobody ever mentions those genocides but armenian genocide is always mentioned whenever the words `` turkish `` armenian '' or `` genocide '' mentioned . 
  they should recognise their own genocide of natives first . 
  so millions of native americans that were slaughtered by european colonialists or the millions of congolese that died during belgian administration or the millions of south asians that died from famine under the british empire were n't victims of genocide . 
  yea indeed . 
  not recognizing their own bad deeds on natives as genocide is a hypocrisy . 
  are you crazy ? 
  whenever turkey is mentioned armenian genocide comes with it no matter how irrelevant it is . 
  maybe they werent sure that armenian genocide was not a genocide but rather an ethnic cleansing ? 
  ehh ? 
  armenian genocide was done a hundred years ago by ottomans ( turks and kurds ) in ottoman empire but everyone blames modern day turkish state and looks to turks as barbarian evil murderers . 
  whereas congo genocide is never mentioned where far more natives dead than armenians dead in armenian genocide . 
  hypocrites ... 
  so what ? 
  now all west 's bad deeds are forgetten due to time ? 
  god , a and b can be imposed on any massacre . 
  thats ridiculous . 
  according to a and b western powers committed hundreds of genocides . 
  natives , natives and natives . 
  but your pensioners and stay-at-home mums love them \u2665, 
  netherlands have a high post count/user ratio :p, 
  yea its always brutal . 
  always, 
  rak\u0131 obviously . 
  with melon . 
  oooh . 
  i can proudly say that he is falling now . 
  he is trying his best to stay in power and its like all or none for him . 
  once he falls he will be falling for good . 
  aaah i see . 
  thanks . 
  then the pronunciations are even more identical . 
  merkel is gon na milk all those sweet euros tsipras has eaten . 
  gilt-head bream is the name of the fish . 
  pronouncuation is similar for that fish is similar between greek and turkish too . 
  ( chipras - chupra ) it is a fish common in mediterranean and worldwide known . 
  anyway i need confirmation from a greek that tsipras indeed means that fish . 
  good . 
  i like tsipras , he is a leftist , has the courage to say fuck off to troika and he seems ok with turks unlike merkel . 
  oh and his surname is a fish i like :p, 
   european citizens and leaders are pissed off , because they feel they are being taken for fools by the greeks . 
  awesome . 
  wish i could see merkel 's face . 
  i think the best happened for greece . 
  well done neighbour !, 
  wish we had some sort of power to help but no we have 2 million syrians to feed ... 
  who is he/she ? 
  well .
