  why would anyone live in this islamic hell-hole ? 
  i will flee to canada or usa whenever i get a chance anyway . 
  this country is being lost in erdogan 's hands . 
  we need to run away . 
  he wasnt secular or anything like that even from the beginning . 
  those were for show only . 
  he has just started to show his true colors . 
  wow . 
  wait , so we are the second best at something ? 
  wow !, 
  i cant believe !, 
  really ? 
  second from top and not end ? 
  is this mixed ? 
  wow !, 
  turkish here : imperialistic forces deserve whatever hits them . 
  ukraine is not one of them though ... 
  nice map you got there . 
  but i think you forgot the most kurdish homeland-eastern thracia . 
  no words can express how much i am done with articles like these . 
  medi coast and anything to the west of ankara inclusive is nice . 
  rest is trash . 
   what embarrassment ? 
  they have a right to their own opinion , did any of those french pay respects to the victims of the attacks in turkey , is the life of french people so much more valuable that you only need to pay respects to them , did they pay respect to the victims in algeria and africa ? 
  this is true though . 
  now let me get straight . 
  when there is a moment of silence you stfu and stay silent for that moment . 
  that said we have been losing kids , women and men to terrorism for a loooong time and what has west done anything for that ? 
  completely ignore and keep supplying pkk . 
  now 2 wrongs dont make right and my condolonces to the french , civilians are civilian and we know what they are suffering but that truly is a bit hypocritical on their side . 
  i am glad at least some bosniaks can see this . 
  source ? 
  plastic bullets , made to scare away people . 
  government 's forces . 
  twitter as a source !, 
  yes please !, 
  please do a research instead of blaming turks on every occasion to not embarass yourself . 
  the guy below me just explained the reasons but i am sure that wont stop you from posting that in the future . 
  and another theory that it would actually halt being so hateful towards west . 
  stop misleading . 
   there are n't any pkk people killing turkish citizens . 
  he * just * said the otherwise . 
  and to broaden it , its not just turkish people there . 
  its anyone who happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  of course for you can there be any better way than expressing your freedom by randomly shooting cars ? 
  unless its a french car that is . 
  but why ... we dont look like them ... 
  yea not . 
  pkk is a godddamn terrorist organization . 
  i am sick o explaining this . 
  you are the ones who dont accept it as a terrorist organization because it doesnt fit your agenda . 
  you guys are the prime examples of hypocrites . 
  you cry when a terror attack happens against you but completely ignore when its againt us . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization kurds are not . 
  got this little simple thing ? 
  i wonder how do americans see us . 
  wasnt it legal a few months ago ? 
   turkey identifies a lot of `` terrorists '' what is this supposed to mean ?? 
  i smell a jealous baguette , 
  thats why he is calling for a new constitution . 
  he says new constitution will be `` more democratic '', 
  the way how some sites are blocked is a bit interesting turkey . 
  gov knows dns ban be easily circumvented so they do it for sites they just dont want your average joe to get in and dont care about people like me to get in . 
  most bans like this . 
  however when things go crazy they also know how to make a proper ban . 
  they made in past , for example there was a temporary twitter ban and you could only circumvent it by using vpn . 
  nonetheless i am so sick of these stupid bans . 
  imgur first and now reddit ? 
  what the hell is next ? 
  i am sick of seeing your ignorant , stupid hateful comments . 
  go join pkk if you defend murdering of civilians , executing docs and teachers , randomly gun spraying vehicles and cafes , molotov bombing schools and public buses , kidnapping workers , destroying infrastucture and suicide bombing . 
  just do it and you may manage to kill a few random people on your way to kurdish freedom ( ! ), 
  and hopefully somehow your misery shall end too . 
  i missed the time when our countries had good relations :( israel is a reliable and a valuable ally and much can be done together . 
  but instead erdogan wants to lick arab sultans ' ass . 
  wish we could dump our leaders and pick someone who thinks beyond stupid religious/racist ignorant world views . 
  yea . 
  i mean i can do something productive in bus , instead of redditing ... . or i can download an app . 
  hmmm tough choice . 
  haha . 
  speaking of crete : my dad 's great grandmother was from crete . 
  she ran away from greeks fearing her life along with her mother . 
  ( before population exchange ) she could barely speak turkish and her mother could only speak greek . 
  so i have greek blood too . 
  in fact you can find many turks who descended from crete . 
  but also a part of my blood goes back to bulgars but aaah thats story for another day . 
  reddit is quite alien in turkey . 
  `` regained back '' is a light word . 
  they even exceeded far and beyond . 
  such result wasnt even predictable by their own . 
  hdp 's co-leaders were nearly about to cry that night . 
  while mhp 's leader was as arrogant as ever . 
  stupid mhp and hdp their stupid policies gave akp power . 
  the guy was going down and a day before elections he literally said `` no 2 state solution with me in power ! '', 
  the next day he won the elections . 
  and the other day he said `` 2 state solution is possible '' lmao ... but i guess its still an improvement over our erdogan who who changes his opinions from day to night . 
  how can we be that stupid ffs ? 
  this is true though . 
  refugees brought diseases which were long gone from turkey . 
  they could do the same for polan .
