   violently erasing anything kurdish from the face of the earth over being part of the civilized world . 
  if we had wanted to erase the kurdish face there wouldnt be any left . 
  stop with the evilmongering . 
  we are fighting pkk not the kurds !, 
  when will this enter thick skull of yours ? 
  yea i am name calling . 
  go report , i dont care . 
  i am done with this petty `` evil turks killing innocent kurds '' oh and them being civilised ? 
  the only reason they arent a shithole islamic tribalistic country is because we ruled those lands . 
  i couldnt wish more that we never controlled southeast turkey . 
  it brought nothing but problem . 
  or that it was kurds gone instead of armenians . 
  at least they had the capability to contribute turkey . 
  we couldnt fix them all those decades . 
  a few weeks ago i read an article saying kurdic tribes worth 1000s of people pledged allegiance to turkey . 
  i didnt know if i should be happy or sad . 
   although there is no proof whatsoever that he was affiliated with pkk are you ignorant ? 
  no wait not . 
  you sure as hell know that it was a pkk terrorist and you know that we dont deliberately kill civilians and you know that pkk is killing civilians yet wait no no we are evil turks . 
  right ? 
  yea . 
  makes * total * sense . 
  i am sure as hell you dont know anything about how we were massacred . 
  international law is complicated on this matter . 
  it can not completely apecify the water and airspace in the aegean sea . 
  it is insufficient . 
  oh please , you have every single damn island in the aegean sea . 
  why do you still wan na stick to the turkish mainland as much as possible ? 
  we are mostly white . 
  i bet you have seen a turkish guy . 
   greek and armenian lead massacres during the war of independence source ? 
  there wasnt much armenian left during independence . 
  and greeks were exchanged later and massacred before the independence war . 
  i think you have forgotten to take your pills . 
  you know turkish , support a turkish team . 
  where is that `` turkishness '' coming from ? 
  how are you related to us ? 
  the problem is whole syria could be in ruins by the time war ends and we are gon na have a big big problem . 
  i wonder what are we going to do after the war ends . 
  what if we cant kick them out ? 
  and do you believe it isnt mutual ? 
  * sigh *, 
  `` cut your shit russia , we ai n't ukraine or georgia '' '' \u041d\u0435\u0442 '', 
   whilst we 're the best turkish team hahahahahahahahahahaha !, 
  living in london made you forget about turkish teams it seems . 
  wait a sec . 
  whats your ethnicity ? 
  have you been borned and living in uk or did you immigrate there ? 
  weed consumption is also banned in turkey but it can be used medically anyway . 
  it is simply a net loss ordered down by top dogs . 
  oh and i am being downvoted . 
  in thr short term maybe . 
  but in the longer run they will only harm theirselves . 
  and weed is only beginning they will try to shackle albania on other ways as well . 
  weed is just an example . 
  oh and i am downvoted !, 
   also , the eu has been making sure we destroy our weed villages . 
  this has mostly been backed by the fact that they do n't want anyone competing with the dutch i hate when stronger countries bully smaller ones by limiting their economical abilities . 
  i remember some stupid usa president telling us to shut off weed farms because appearantly `` our weeds were illegally making their way into america '' oh screw you mr. president . 
  our weeds are doing it ? 
  really ?? 
  luckily our pm at that time said that weed farms in turkey are only and only turkey 's business . 
  unfortunately same wouldnt happen right now ... stupid erdogan ... 
  i hope you can do the same to the dutch and tell them to fuck off !, 
  wow . 
  you are pathetic !, 
  just the definition of a racist turkophobe . 
  those who crossed the border were turks who used to live there but left to live in the newly founded turkish state . 
  and arabs were too divided , they were not united . 
  it is not the better army that will keep us over you . 
  think again . 
  we have something uk/germany or you doesnt have . 
  i am sure you can find . 
  there are a lot of `` junk '' aircraft you mentioned but we also have a lot of f-35 's available for service . 
  our geopolitical location forces us to maintain a strong army on all 3 ( naval , land , air ) sides . 
  he told you not to speak out of your ass ... 
  if nato had to pick between sweden and turkey . 
  they would pick us . 
  but that doesnt make them devil too . 
  we supported rebels in syria . 
  ebil ? 
  it is disgusting . 
  i wont disagree but they are not isis . 
  it all depends how they implement it . 
  iran is ruled with sharia law as well but they are not isis . 
  i do agree that sharia law is no way usable in 21st century . 
  thank you for proving my point . 
  for beginners ? 
  islamicfront is a rebel group in syria . 
  they are not isis . 
  yet everyone is behaving as if we are supporting isis . 
  a stupid subreddit nitpicked by a complete turkophobic irrelevant guy . 
  i hate erdogan but i cant stand turkophobic comments . 
  ignorant posts from top to bottom . 
  downvoted them all and i expect this ( my ) post to be downvoted to hell . 
  nation states have the name of the ethnicity . 
  we are officially `` turkish republic '' or `` republic of turkey '' but we also have kurd/greek/armenian / arab minorities but the state is turkish nonetheless . 
  both syria and egypt are nation states and they are arabs . 
  they were not . 
  in elections turks won 22 out of 40 seats .
