  you know we used to wanted to get in but since we have been waiting for soo long on your doorstep we are sick of it now . 
  omg . 
  this is not about the events happened in 1915 . 
  learn the timsecale first ffs . 
  nearly whole god damn city burned to the ashes . 
  thats is not only armenian or greek quarters . 
  fires dont pick targets . 
  ataturk even tried to hold lausanne treaties in izmir to show them the damage they have done . 
  during negotiations , greek side paid reperations due to damage they have done by giving karaagac village . 
  they simply hastily wanted to burn the city , theirselves were already evacuated , whats easier burning your own house or turkish quarters who will resist your arson , use your damn logic . 
  ataturk is the same guy , he had to hide his intentions of westernizing the country at first but thats the only viable difference . 
  hmmm . 
  we took its revenge decades ago , 
  what does this mean ? 
  i am agnostic atheist too in a muslim majority country . 
  i am not culturallly islam or anything . 
  you dont culturally stay religious if you quit from a religion . 
  even if you celebrate christmas , easter you are celebrating for the fun of it not doing anything religiously , just as i celebrate like candy festival . 
  lmao seriously ? 
  are you one of those guys who thinks we burned izmir ? 
  the city that we were about to get ?!, 
  burned to the ground ? 
  well that makes sense !, 
  firs of all greek and armenian population has already rushed to ships to run away . 
  ataturk gave a death order to whoever harmed the people or the city . 
  greeks followed a scorched earth policy and they have burned and razed cities and villages . 
  izmir wouldnt be the first one . 
  it was typical for them . 
  yet you will not believe me and still think that we murderous turks burnt the city we were about to take and that the greeks were innocent victims . 
  i bet you 'd actually want us to fail in our independence war . 
   turkeys flag is n't supposed to be islamic at all . 
  this , thank you random redditor . 
  here take my upvote , 
  what ? 
  1150 * yes he actually did that !!!, 
  he corrected people when they said there were 1000 rooms . 
  he simply stated that there were 1150 rooms instead of 1000 !!, 
  that arrogant prick !!!, 
  i want to strangle him !, 
  well technically they were born on the western side so they are europeans :d but i dont know maybe they do , since everyone wants to be the yuropean master race !, 
  i missed that chance by a few kilometers since i was born in the anatolian/eastern side of istanbul :(, 
  just a preparation for shooting down future spacecrafts , 
  thank you captain obvious . 
  on the other hand would you like to have a bit of our nearly 80 million muslim population . 
  god he , his wife and anything & everything related to him is such a shame for us !, 
  yea . 
  sometimes you need to do bad things for the better . 
  yea i know . 
  most westerners respect him and admire him but there will always be that one guy, 
  yea exactly . 
  i can understand if westerners hate him for being successful . 
  churchill , bismark . 
  these were not good guys but it is acceptable and understandable that english/german like them . 
  plus hakkari one does not forget hakkari you can not forget hakkari hakkari ... 
  could be . 
  but why would they ban media coverage if it was a theater ? 
  wouldnt they aim to spread it everywhere if it was a theater ? 
  agreed . 
  he will be more emotional and play the innocent card in his speechs ... such a stupid move . 
  now public support for gezi and elvan will decrease . 
  u s a, 
  nope, 
  yes . 
  because erdogan and rest of the islamic nutjobs . 
  that is because ottoman stayed in balkans for centuries . 
  however they did not follow assimilation policy or used them as dominion . 
  it simply made them pay tax and let them live however they wanted . 
  however if we look to europe whatever they have been to , they havent stayed much but now everyone there speaks english/portuguese/spanish / french . 
  and even still now people there speak their language . 
  so they expect them to know turkish . 
  i wish ottos did exploit them like european powers . 
  hmm at least we are increasing pretty fast . 
  b\u00f6rek is of turkish !, 
  well he is the president now , the highest position available in turkey but he is actually powerless . 
  his puppet prime minister davutoglu does the errand for him and if he loses power , erdogan will be next to go down . 
  so yea it matters . 
  how the hell is this remotely related to what i have said ? 
  whats this `` greater turkey '' ? 
  we have no desire to take syrian , georgian or armenian lands . 
  i havent even said anything about turkey . 
  you just made it in your mind . 
  anyhow since you have compared , our bloc has turkey + syria + georgia + armenia + cyprus while the balkan bloc has all the balkans . 
  so appearantly those 2 blocks are same . 
  what i wantes to say was , i expected more from balkan countries then you just started spitting your venom . 
  he will not succeed . 
  they are losing votes which means they will lose seats no matter what . 
  ( a fraction of what they should have lost after all those bullshit btw ) even if hdp can not pass the 10 % threshold they will not succeed . 
  so all those balkans-which there was and is and will be hostility only worths 1b when everything combined ? 
  lol, 
  yes i can confirm this . 
  we always send those poisonous ultra conservative people to europe to be rid of them ^ ^ and ^ ^ to ^ ^ say ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ you ^ ^ to ^ ^ europe . 
  yess the worst part is that :'( erdogan wants those illiterate crazy conservative people !, 
  for him they are much better than educated , wealthy syrians ( which already ran to europe or usa ), 
  yes !, 
  there are too many syrians !!!!, 
  they are wayyy tooo conservative . 
  given our already imbalanced secular/religious ratio , it is terrible !, 
  they need to go back asap !, 
  ^ ^ ofcourseafterthewarends, 
  lower the better , right ?
