  there cant be a byzantine empire without turkey and greece , 
  yea with the minorities making 0.000001 % of the population . 
  yea with the minorities making 0.000001 % of the population . 
  will eu fell apart before we ever get in ? 
  will eu fell apart before we ever get in ? 
  typical for europeans . 
  they dont want anyone near turks . 
  its not probably . 
  turkic ( central asian ) genes are like 1 % of the whole gene pool of turkish people . 
  we are descendants of the indigenous people of anatolia , caucasus , balkans and middle east . 
  kurds were always a closed society so there is not much gene fusion between us . 
   casual racism from my experience is pretty big in turkey no its not . 
  turkey did not - let me repeat - did not bully cyprus . 
  it was greek cypriots who first started to kill their turkish cypriot brothers . 
  turkey waited for years and years but massacres , murders didnt stop . 
  some time later turkish cypriots formed militias to protect theirselves as a result of greek cypriot aggression . 
  all this time turkish cypriot community was bleeding due to emigrating outside to save their lives and some dieing because of greeks . 
  you should check those : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_intercommunal_violence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloody_christmas_ ( 1963 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eoka_b https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akritas_plan but i know what you will say you will typically blatantly like a true westerner deny what i have written and wont even click those sources . 
  in the end turkey will be evil and greeks will be innocent . 
  because how can evil barbarian turks be victim ? 
  how typical for you ... 
  yep . 
  you know nothing . 
  hehe . 
  not really . 
  i am fine with them . 
  the problem is they really are uncivilised and dont pay anything to the government while using its resources . 
  you are correct but there is nothing can be done . 
  newer generations suffer older generation 's deeds whether be good or bad . 
  there are much worser things happening all around the world . 
  i hope the best for them and i believe `` no '' is the best answer for them . 
  hope they show the middle finger to merkel . 
  yaaaaaaaay :d unfortunately land does not directly contributes economy . 
  southeastern part for example eats far more than they give . 
  turkey 's intervention was not somewhat justified it was justified . 
  and it was not because of the cyrus ' constitution because turkish cypriots were actually being murdered by their greek neighbours . 
   it claims the whole island no it doesnt . 
  it claims 91 % of the island . 
  excluding 2 uk bases at the southernmost tip and another at the south of nicosia . 
  and what were they all happy before invasion ? 
  turkish cypriots were being butchered by eoka-b and those people were trying to run away from the island . 
  to britain , austria . 
  when turkey intervened turks at the south left their everything and ran to the north , greeks did the same but turkish community of the island was already bleeding for decades prior to intervention . 
  stop looking only at the one side . 
  are we ? 
  we are bigger than most ( if not all ? 
  ukraine ? ), 
  european countries . 
  thanks . 
  here take this upvote . 
  thanks mate . 
  i like you russians . 
  your culture is a mix of west and east too like us . 
  we should find a club of outcasts . 
  why do we even pursue eu ? 
  they will never accept nor like us . 
  russia is a strong self-sustained power , no way stupid sanctions can make it collapse . 
  have an upvote , 
  lol if what happened to them would happen to us everyone here would be smiling , 
  what happened in cyprus ? 
  well turk land has some pretty diverse climate where some part never sees snow and the other part lives in snow for 8 months :d, 
  yea this is next . 
  i have given up hope on / r/worldnews, 
  i will ask an irrelevant question . 
  does tsipras mean that ellipse fish ? 
  it is . 
  so basically erdogan is the supreme commander of all armies in turkey . 
  however in the past president commanded general ( highest after president in terms of military ) to attack iraq ( basically being a tool of usa at that time ) general refused and said that the army only exists to defend turkey and not to invade another country so he resigned , president didnt command again to the new general which replaced him . 
  anyway such attack wont happen . 
  erdogan is on good terms with barzani . 
  ok do it . 
  eastern turkey is what screws us anyway . 
  just take marmara , aegean and meditarrenean parts of turkey . 
  yea yea i know . 
  if i was eu i probably wouldnt take turkey either . 
  we could have been much better but oh damn those islamists !, 
  now with all those syrian migrants we have even much worser kind of islamists compared to the worst we already had !, 
  oh if only i could be poseidon and seperate turkey from middle east . 
  es ist 500 years of peace and prosperity , 
  small ? 
  not big enough ? 
  absorb turkey !, 
  we have more land than germany and a bit less population !, 
  absorb turkey now !, 
  lmao !, 
  money can be used to create jobs !, 
  tourists ? 
  well done m8, 
  oh please i can give more examples . 
  saudi arabia . 
  we can not disrespect their king or shah or whatever its called because it their culture and yes they had that for faar too long . 
  how can they generate revenue ? 
  how come ? 
  dictatorship is only good if the dictator is a good guy . 
  how dare you ??!, 
  kill him !!!, 
  kill him with fireeeeeee !!!!, 
  the way of ruling can not be one 's culture . 
  then we shouldnt kim jong because its `` n. korea 's culture '', 
  money spent on them could be spent to feed the poor .
