  what do you mean by anti-genocide constitution . 
  really ? 
  which historian ? 
  this historian doesnt seem to favor armenians : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg70uwesfu4, 
  have i denied or accepted anything ? 
  discussing this in eu parliament is all about politics . 
  its all political . 
  only historians must discuss this . 
  yea . 
  arabs infected their virus into us and our ancestors accepted it by talkan and curcan massacres !, 
  wish we could stay true to our pagan beliefs :(, 
  oh ok . glad its caught then . 
  aww so all he wants is some love ? 
  why he went rogue ? 
  why are we so unlucky ? 
  :( northerners are both beautiful and live in one of the best countries in this world :(, 
  yes we do , it is disgusting to see that murican tourists dont x (, 
  wow . 
  its getting more and more interesting . 
  i hope you get a huge chunk of money from them neighbour !, 
  a few years ago it would be funny if someone said greeks would immigrate here . 
  we like greeks despite the common sense . 
  though they must be desperate to come here . 
  i wish good luck for them and hope that this would somehow pull us closer even though the numbers are minimal . 
  sadly ( for you ) they are not even similar . 
  whatever ottos had turkey opposes it . 
  that makes no sense at all . 
  they are not the same kid . 
  ottoman who have done this is now in history . 
  yes if they hadnt we could have accepted it earlier but now things are too complicated . 
  well if we dont pay reperations then yes we can accept it . 
  because armenian ethnic cleansing and the holocaust are completely same . 
  if armenian side does accept that then we would too . 
  because everyone thinks that we are bloodthirsty killers and they are the pure saints even though we try to explain the otherwise . 
  this could clean ourselves . 
  its funny that people who oppose greek government due to time issues demand turkey of reperations for armenians . 
  is it a photo taken from yerevan for mount a\u011fr\u0131 ? 
  i dont think the city of a\u011fr\u0131 is that developed in that photo . 
  be quick to leave then we want that spot ^ . ^, 
  oh so being on the good side of germany and france is not enough ? 
  kurdish region in turkey is greatly exaggerated . 
  half of that lands doesnt have kurdish majority ( more than half ) let alone having a mother tongue of kurdish . 
  dont label me as anti-kurdish now . 
  i have great kurdish friends ... 
  * knock knock * can we enter ? 
  how does solar panels and wind turbines produce a lot of pollution ? 
  i am really curious . 
  wish we had a renewable energy goal : s, 
  what ? 
  but morocco is in africa and spain is in europe . 
  there is a sea to divide them . 
  i cant compute ... x (, 
  yea we didnt ask to interfere when the started butchering our people . 
  yea !, 
  welcome friends !, 
  so , is that a bad thing ? 
  why do they not want to bulgaria ? 
  i wonder where would turks sit ? 
  between albanians and arabs i guess ? 
  because if you have accepted that , then you are willing to kill someone . 
  i just hope that they somehow die before they have the opportunity to do so . 
  wish we could in to eu :(, 
  he is right . 
  edit : and i hope they die without killing anyone . 
  whats with russia or turkey 's orbit ? 
  ( which are not the same orbits at all ), 
  except scandinavians . 
  you guys are pretty chill . 
  pun intended . 
  nation states tend to be racist . 
  multicultural countries however are far more friendly to outsiders . 
  you will never take us into eu anyway :(, 
  aww thank you . 
  i have seen some hot greeks too  :d but still nords have a special place in my heart < 3, 
  we are white too but i guess you are even whiter than that . 
  calling us simple terrorists would be a compliment . 
  we are satan 's minions . 
  we will never rest until we eat you all . 
  most europeans are anti- ( anyone and everyone who is not considered european ), 
  not just males , females too . 
  everything about scandinavia is beautiful . 
  as if god spent their time on them and did us quickly , effortlessly . 
  i am evolutionist . 
  we are both not nationalistic kids who could go to war over a rock . 
  you guys have a positive image here . 
  i hope things between us gets better and better . 
  the last thing we need is war and if somehow things go that bad there is always usa to step in and show its stick . 
  that rock is ours !, 
  lmao same shit as always . 
  no we will never attack you unless you attack first and about cyprus we were defending our brethrens while you had coup and started ethnic cleansing turkish to unite with greece . 
  it is very adventurous!it would be so boring to live in another european country . 
  everything goes smooth , everything is free . 
  meh , too boring there is no fun in that . 
  anyway there is an older and awesome site for these stuff . 
  however it is known less so probably thats why it is not banned . 
  i hope erdogan does n't find it : s http://www.evrimagaci.org/, 
  just like turkey . 
  more fair though . 
  jealous ? 
  so you gave crimea to russia ?
