  then how does russia maks better than england ??? 
  hmmm . 
  they cant be worser than turkey : / i dont know if there is an index for that, 
  yea our star and crescent has nothing absolutely nothing to do with islam . 
  unfortunately most of the people think like you too . 
  if you look to the arabian countries most of them have sonething arabic written on their flags not star & crescent . 
  however since it is adopted and associated with islam some countries such as pakistan , tunisia have it in their flags . 
  if there are cold true facts then why dont they release their archives ? 
  as much as i hate erdogan he offered to investigate together . 
  because holocaust = / = armenian ethnic cleansing . 
  germany was 0 ` ed they had nothing to lose so they simply accepted it . 
  i am sure it has one . 
  they cant simply randomly pick colors . 
  the myth is our ancestors ( pre-islam ) were brutally fighting at night and star and crescent was reflected on a pool of blood and this is how we adopted it as a flag . 
  later we ( unfortunatelly ) adopted islam and since ottomans were muslims and the main factor of it , world accepted the star and crescent as the symbol of islam while we had it long ago . 
  meh we suffer the same fate . 
  whenever anything about turkey or turks are brought up , its always genocide , we are that evil , we are that bad , we must die stuff ... 
  impossible we must be the unhappiest . 
  dont you have laws against discrimination ? 
  couldnt he go to court ? 
  i cant understand him but that is so shameful . 
  lmao . 
  funny little guy , 
  oh he has shitload of court orders waiting for his immunity to be lifted off ( since he is a president he has immunity ) when he falls down he will go to prison he knows that too so he can do anything and everything to stay in power . 
  i hate him . 
  he is probably the worst thing that happened in our country . 
  but i admire the way how he can speak to masses and make them follow him . 
  i have the same european mindset but appearantly i am exempt of that feeling :(, 
  really ? 
  alright then everyone knows london and spain bombings . 
  now lets see if you know the bombing which killed 46 turkish and left many more injured . 
  it happened within 2 years . 
  i bet you havent even heard of it because apperantly we are not yurop master race . 
  the saddest thing is nobody would care if all them were all tunisians . 
  thank you little bot , 
  yes exactly due to ottoman empire we are like a flower of genes even though we all call ourselves a `` turk '' or `` turkish '' because our ancestors immigrated to the places ottomans have conquered and married with indigenous people , blended in with them and then [ dead/deported/assimilated ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) also that was based on religion ( especially in europe ) so indigenous people who converted to islam were gone too while vice versa stayed and assimilated somehow . 
  my grandfather 's father was a wealthy turkish guy in what makes modern day bulgaria now . 
  after the first balkan war he left everything he had there in order to save his his life . 
  for many years to come he had thought that his brother was killed by bulgarians fortunately they somehow find eachother after decades with different surnames ( because surname law came with ataturk ) ... yet nobody knows or cares about all this . 
  its all about omg!armenians!omgyouareevil !, 
  we suffered far more than them ... ( an evil deed doesnt cancel the another but people needs to know these too ) turkic peoples are the real `` turks '' while we are mostly indigenous anatolian people and a mix of everything whatever ottomans conquered and of course turkic to some percent . 
  i dont know much about pakistanis apart from them being one of the most foreign students in percantage in our universities but i find it kinda ironic that england welcomes them much more than they welcome us . 
  i understand pakistanis though if i had a chance i 'd probably migrate to canada . 
  russia always backed armenia throughout history . 
  they indirectly supported in that conflict too . 
  its like their vassal state in caucassia . 
  pakistanis immigrate to uk as well and their children become citizens of england , which makes them english but they are brown . 
  so now by your logic we cant call that english are white , french are white . 
  we can not call anyone white if we are to think like this . 
  so no , they are white and we are white too . 
  i am ok with anyone about their ethnicities . 
  i am not racist , i just wanted to point out that those brown people are pakistani origin . 
  well about ethnic identity , we call ourselves turkish but we are more than anything but turkish . 
  we mixed up with the indigenous people . 
  only 13 % of our genes are turkic . 
  rest are caucassian , middle east and european . 
  the most obvious way to understand that the actual turkic people have slanting eyes while we have round eyes . 
  you can google yakutistan , yakut turks in russia . 
  probably one of the most preserved turks . 
  half of them even still practice tengriism ( which is awesome ) and the other half atheist . 
  oh and they are white too lol ... edit : and in a perfect world there would be no boundaries no ethnicities only geographic locations but this nor gon na happen anytime soon . 
  world peace is a big wet dream which wont happen for thousand years to come . 
  how can be the native americans are yellow while they are obviously black ? 
  chinese are yellow , japans are white . 
  we are white , if you think otherwise you are always welcome to visit our country . 
  all those downvotes i have received shows how racist europeans are . 
  nope , same for nagorno-karabakh . 
  nobody recognizes it as a sovereign territory . 
  they all look as if it was occupied and that it belongs to azerbaijan . 
  dont generalise an extremists views to whole turkey . 
  do you seriously put us to the arab world ? 
  we are far and far more closer to europe 's sphere than arab 's !, 
  we are not scandinavian white and our hair color is sadly mostly black and brown but by all means we are white . 
  come visit turkey if you dont believe . 
  well you are wrong . 
  there are no `` two types '' of people in turkey . 
  we are all white , thats it . 
  i have searched your image and found its source http://www.aawsat.net/2013/05/article55301582/pro-assad-marxists-blamed-for-bombing-in-turkey you can see that it was shot at hatay to protest a bombing whick killed 46 people . 
  ^ and ^ nobody ( in world ) ^ cared . 
  there are arabian people at that city and it was probably them who was shot in the photo . 
  they also look like indian/pakistani but they are not turkish ( though i am fine if they call theirselves as turkish ) it is so weird and stupid trying to prove yourself white , this shouldnt even be debatable . 
  people who thinks that we are brown , come visit turkey you will never see a brown turk and if you ever see a brown guy he will probably be pakistani . 
  we can see how racist and discriminative euroleans are against muslims and turks . 
  and yet if you ask them they will all talk about how free and respectful they are and how oppressive , evil we are . 
  so depressing ... 
  well , sorry but you need to break those prejudices . 
  we are white . 
  not brown like indians , not black like africans . 
  i can understand the christians ( us ) vs muslims ( them ) mentality but you seriously need to break those taboos . 
  yes , what you have said is completely true . 
  but our skin color is still white and it wont change to black just because you ( europeans ) want it to be like that . 
  will you guys seriously let your prejudices conquer you ? 
  all those downvotes i received shows how much europeans are still anti-turkist . 
  i can send a pic of my skin color but this wont change anything as my skin color turns to be black when i call myself a turk in a stereotypical european mind . 
  haha thank you , 
  easy-they are non-european so do what you want !, 
  - . - then you are mixing . 
  its not like white super race but we are white !, 
  pinkish white !, 
  turks ... . . are ... . white ...
