   they may be more moderate than the turks how could they be more moderate than turks ? 
  do more than 60 % of them accept gay marriage ? 
  thats what i meant ... thank you for the source though . 
  but ... but ... we have european clay :(, 
  that is why you should take us in the eu . 
  so you wouldnt be the worst in some subjects . 
  this goes to any and all balkan countries , 
  yea exactly , 
  lol . 
  what i had in my mind was uncharted 2 sorry :(, 
  god . 
  that conversation made no sense !, 
  and why were all the museum guards were black ?!, 
  its hard to find s black guy even in a city as big as istanbul !, 
  and the way they painted istanbul , oh my god ... if they hadnt said istanbul i would have thought as some random arabic city !, 
  what the hell naughty dogs ?!!, 
  anti-turkism right there !, 
  things dont work easy like that . 
  nato has no obligations to interfere . 
  they could be stubborn about holding it but they could only delay the inevitable . 
  it would go back to turkey in the end no matter what . 
  even if you want otherwise  they supported greeks enough . 
  they were simply burned out . 
  they were defeated and no future help would come from them . 
  bulgarians ? 
  i think they 'd rather stay neutral . 
  they wouldnt like to lose an arm trying to gain a hand , would they ? 
  only thing that could radically change the outcome would be if we had lost the battle of sakarya . 
  yes couldnt . 
  they sucked manpower from their dominions ( gallipoli-defeated ) they used greeks as a tool to dismantle the ankara government ( failed again ) the people at home ( england ) didnt want a war either because they had already lost a lot in the ww1 and nobody wanted their sons/husbands to die so far away from home for some gain . 
  yes , they couldnt hold it and tried every stunt to keep it . 
  thanks for strengthening my arguement . 
  they got their own independence by fighting against you , a colonial power . 
  but of course it doesnt mean a country will be good if it was untouched by a colonial power . 
  wow . 
  unbelievable !, 
  your comment is just ... i am speechless . 
  i dont know if you are aware but you were basically the fire nation of earth . 
  you destoyed , raped , manipulated everything so you could profit more and you claim to have the higher ground ? 
  and what that world would be a darker place if we were somehow bigger than you . 
  you are unbelievable . 
  whatever you did , you did it so you could gain more . 
  ottomans at least had the policy of tolerance . 
  it didnt nudge its subjects personal life as long as they paid their taxes and stayed loyal . 
  and you dare to claim the moral ground by saying we abolished slavery first ?!, 
  let me tell you : you abolished slavery because you could no longer benefit from it !, 
  not because `` oooh sweeeet human rights '' america already had their independence and dominating the trade . 
  you could also no longer benefit from your slave based colonies in africa and they were starting to be more problematic as successfull revolts were taking place in africs . 
  you just couldnt bother supressing them anymore . 
  it wasnt worth it anymore . 
  there was also a global shift towards anti-slavery . 
  dont even dare to be seem like the good guy here !, 
  ottomans were using slavery before you and kept using after you abolished but it was never-not even in close ! - the cruelty you have shown to your slaves . 
  want a proof ? 
  lets see if you can find slave revolt . 
  and then check your own country 's damn history . 
  if it wasnt for you we would be still prscticing slavery ? 
  how ignorant can you get ? 
  ooh yeaa now i see why africa is the most developed continent in the world s. /, 
  supersin ya !, 
  lets live in a country where there is no pride or shame because they havent really done anyhing then . 
  i am going to liberland . 
  its a good thing that british ( for themselves only ) exploited indigenous people as much as possible . 
  ottoman empire may have abolished the slavery later but in no way it makes worser than uk at that time . 
  stop whitewashing your country and try to grab the moral high ground . 
  your whole empire was built on maximizing exploits . 
  i am not blaming you but this was how things were centuries ago . 
  ottomans did not force them to work in as terrible conditions as you did . 
  those who worked in mines , farms etc were their own people not slaves . 
  because we didnt assimilate and forced our language and culture to the people . 
  we did favor them converting to islam but in no way forced that or destructed their culture to be replaced by ours . 
  whatever happened , happened passively as a result of hundread years of living together . 
  when you force your culture to people of course they will be with you because they have forgotten their past and they only feel connected to you because you destroyed all links connected to their own culture/heritage . 
  they didnt peacefully wanted to join your commonwealth its because they had no other option . 
  if ottomans had done the same then the turkey as we know would have been much bigger and much stronger . 
  but we get all the shit . 
  no i am not . 
  of course we cant pin all of them to british empire . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  however pick any colonial power and they were used far worser than how ottomans used them . 
  people would go and buy slaves from slave markets and use them as housemaidens or even marry them . 
  yes marrying a slave not raping her . 
  it would also make them free of course . 
  they werent brutally used like any colonial power . 
  they didnt had their handcuffed and worked in the fields day & night for just enough food to survive . 
  it was the individuals who bought slaves not big corporations or governments . 
  it is alright to be worried if gbr could break through the defenses as you are facing the greatest naval force of that time . 
  but i just quoted that main minefields were not even used and many well protected defenses were not even used yet . 
  if brits had kept attacking use their naval force it would probably end up like that you underestime the capability of ottoman defense force and that the terrain itself is very much suitable for a defense . 
  if it was that easy as you had said the naval commander would have kept attacking but he knew that defenses had to be removed via land assault first . 
  `` ottomans felt '' he can read their feelings/minds now ? 
  there is no reason not to worry about uk and france warships reaching sea of marmara but they took every precaution to stop it . 
  any naval intervention would result the same . 
  but does it matter ? 
  your ships passed freely and occupied istanbul after ww1 where we were counted as beaten and still you couldnt keep it in your hands . 
  * sigh * do you have any idea how slaves were used in ottoman empire ? 
  no you dont . 
  slaves were never used as cruel as colonial powers did . 
  i can not browse youtube right now . 
  low on data .
