  i think nobody else but themselves like ultra nationalists . 
  they can only speak about `` removing all kurds '' but they wouldnt even join the army if we were attacked . 
  they can only talk and attack unarmed tourists . 
  they only look strong . 
  we had way worse in our history . 
  such thing wont happen . 
  are you serious ? 
  whole france surrenders joke comes from ww2 . 
  all countries have a spot of shame in their history . 
  no need to deny that . 
  maybe you are right though . 
  what is shameful is that there is a lot of people that think thst we are evil faschist barbars . 
  we are not destroying ourself with nationalism . 
  nazi german is the reason why france was humiliated heavily . 
  such things are not forgotten easily . 
  whole ww2 is shameful for french . 
  netherlands losing to turkey is `` so bizarre '' ? 
  i liked your refugee policy, 
  i wonder how / r/europe thinks about some places breaking away in countries . 
  for example catalonia , turkish kurdistan , scotland , wales ... etc. 
  i wonder if they support or oppose it . 
  perhaps a poll ? 
  yea . 
  italy was playing to be 4th and bam now they are playing to be the first . 
  this group is so fucked up it makes me sad . 
  couldnt we be at group d ?!, 
  we are getting wasted here . 
  we have beaten italians !, 
  no mate . 
  there will always be some low level tension between germans and russians , germans and french for centuries to come . 
  so will bosniaks-serbs , turks-armenians and so on and so forth . 
  yea when i make empathy i can `` feel '' how pissed i would be to ottomans if i was christian in europe at that time . 
  at least religion issues is less prominent now . 
  yea they were thats what i meant . 
  what i meant waa ottomans always get a bad rep but at least they had some kind of sense and defended against wahhabi idiots but people hate ottomans no matter what . 
  ottomans defended holy sites from wahhabi freaks who wanted to demolish anything about religion and that castle was exclusively build to stop them damaging historical and spiritual sites . 
  and you know what the irony is ? 
  ottomans defended holy sites from wahhabi freaks who wanted to demolish anything about religion and that castle was exclusively build to stop them damaging historical and spiritual sites . 
  and british colonised america centuries later we made to anatolia . 
  should those pesky evil barbarian invaders pack up and leave where they came from ? 
  you are talking nonsense . 
  and justifying every atrocities committed by bulgarians and the bulgarian government . 
  those who died were living there for centuries and it was their home . 
  and you are saying that you were tolerant towards them ? 
  as if 600.000 turks didnt run away from bulgaria as soon as the borders with them were opened . 
  you are the prime example of hypocrite . 
  its 9 % not 13 . 
  finlands and hungarians both joined the fun later . 
  would you say that to them as well ? 
  may i have some proof for that ? 
  taksim means partitions . 
  obviously those communities couldnt live together at that time ( doesnt mean they cant right now ) this was the solution necessary at that time . 
  a two state solution . 
  like israel and palastine . 
  military junta declared einosis , what are you talking about ? 
  do you know what bloody sunday is ? 
  british is still there , occupying 9 % of thr island . 
  do you have anything to say against them ? 
  if greek cypriots had stayed home and did nothing then turkis state wouldnt have interfered because it would have no reason to do so . 
  `` why nearly 50 years later are you still occupying the island ? '', 
  now you are asking the correct questions . 
  see , we are making progress . 
  i guess you are right about that one . 
  status quo benefits us just like in israel & palestine . 
  however it could be solved like what uk did back in time . 
  giving 2 bases to turkey and in return ceding everything else to republic of cyprus . 
  `` why did you rape women bla bla ... '' seriously ? 
  why did you started massacre-ing turks in their homes ? 
  unbelievable how every atrocity committed against turks goes unnoticed or somehow justified ( it was same between turks and greeks-not ! ), 
  and then our atrocities are enlarged and pooped on our face . 
  you guys are the examples of hypocrisy . 
  i have absolutely no idea about your uncle . 
  dont make this personal . 
  my grandfather 's father was also persecuted by bulgarians and left everything behind to save himself . 
  dont dramatize . 
  settlers ? 
  to restore what you have killed . 
  we care about turkish cypriots . 
  it is the reason why we went there at the first place . 
  i would like to see both communities peacefully coexist in future . 
  really ? 
  are you serious ? 
  greeks were the one who started this . turks in retaliation armed theirselves to defend themselves . 
  this also meant an expulsion of turkish cypriots in which they ran to uk , canada and austria to save their lives . 
  why ? 
  1/3 of bulgaria used to be turkish . 
  now its less than 1/10 turks used to be dominant in western thrace now much less . 
  oh linking to a side called `` kurdistan '' on turkish war crimes i am sure that is not biased at all s. / oh ethnic cleansing ? 
  cyprus ? 
  are you for real ? 
  greek cypriots were ethnically cleansing turks first to begin with , to unite the island with greece . 
  you killed woman and children in their bathtub where they were hiding . 
  turkey occupation is a result of your evil doing . 
  we dont fight the kurds we fight the pkk . 
  i am sick of explaining this , go learn the difference . 
  there is no solid proof that we helped isis . 
  we sent arms to that shithole to help fsa and turkmen brigades . 
  there is no such thing as `` turkish occupied kurdistan '' those lands legitimally , rightfully belongs to the republic of turkey . 
  there are minorities in every country which form majority in some parts . 
  turks also form majority in some parts of greece and bulgaria .
