  they pretty much assimilated whatever they found . 
  european powers colonised other half of the whole world yet nobody dares to say anything bad about them !, 
  because they are powerful . 
  this is all about power . 
  if we were powerful we 'd make people see how we lost millions of turks yet we are weak and everyone wants to degrade us more . 
  ottoman was an empire many people from different ethnicities lived under him . 
  of course they can migrate to other areas !, 
  seriously ??? 
  bulgaria was tolerant ?? 
  lmao !, 
  is that from bulgarian high school textbook ? 
  you massacred and forced them to deport who you couldnt kill . 
  my grandfathers father ran away from you leaving everything behind to save his own life and he was a wealthy landowner . 
  but he was lucky because he saved his life . 
  after balkan wars more than one third of your population was turkish . 
  and do you know how many there are now ? 
  bulgaria was faar from tolerant and butchered turks . 
  i know other people who ran away from you . 
  god knows how many of them couldnt . 
  and the remaining ones were oppressed for a long time , relations are only recovering now . 
  colonials ? 
  god i am so sick of this . 
  people migrate over time !, 
  noone called anglo-saxons colonial did they ? 
  they have been living there for centuries it was their home now !, 
  turks challenge the word genocide . 
  we completely accept massacres . 
  many people deny that greeks burned izmir . 
  there you go !, 
  an example !, 
  yet nobody cares and people looks like `` yea so what ? 
  i am glad millions dead i dont care . 
  i hope you all die '' as long as this attitude doesnt change i 'll keep posting this . 
  what about this ? 
  which resulted in far more death and deportation than armenians . 
  there are genocide recognition walks in istanbul . 
  and a research says ~ 9 % population accepts genocide, 
  ooh here is a proud murican . 
  i havent seen a single headline about kurds involment in the genocide nor heard anyone speaking about kurds involment in massacres . 
  yes i do not find it right that we are sending settlers . 
  it is an ill thought . 
  but cyprus refused the annal plan whereas turkish cypriots agreed so you cant really blame us for not being cooperative . 
  turkey should withdraw its force or at least negotiate with cyprus so that a few bases stay and the rest goes , since every power has force in that island such as uk , nato , russia ... 
  thats a good thing , we both need good relations . 
  wish the ridiculuous `` big 5 '' rule could be removed . 
  mostly hard . 
  very hard on eastern cities . 
  they can not marry , afaik they can not adopt too i could be wrong though . 
  it all depends on people . 
  some people and families are completely cool about it , most are idiotic . 
  you know nothing of turkish media . 
  it was 18 % turkish and then you declared einosis and started massacre-ing turkish . 
  i do support unification but you srsly need to stop with that turkish army evil occupier bullshit . 
  they were there to protect its people to begin with , i dont believe same thing will happen if we unite but i guess we are too scared for it . 
  yes please !!, 
  i am a bit nationalistic and everyone should be . 
  i am faithless and i literally hate islam . 
  it is one of the main reasons why we are sooo fucked up . 
  woah i am impressed . 
  i really am it looks like we are progressing . 
  yes i can . 
  on behalf of ottoman empire ( or its successor state turkey ) cleansing of armenians and assyrians were horribly wrong and i apologize it . 
  there . 
  see ? 
  when you take one step , we will take one step as well and in the end we may end up hugging eachother . 
  cheers and good night . 
  lol . 
  and you think other european countries cooperate ? 
  sweet dreams . 
  it all revolves around power . 
  ottoman empire sucked on many ways . 
  and may i ask why ? 
  what are your criterias for a european ? 
  ottomans ? 
  imperialism ? 
  colonialism ? 
  britain of balkans ? 
  aaaha maan you are flattering me . 
  whole balkans have a culture on their own only difference is that they also mixed with the turkish culture . 
  and we have bits of armenian and greek cultures as well . 
  whats the point ? 
  cultures mix by the time . 
  yes ottomans stayed technologically inferior and this made them weaker and made easier for you to rebel . 
  so you should be happy ? 
  `` poor misunderstood imperialists just wanted to civilise the barbarious balkans with their unrich history and unvibrant culture . '', 
  lol i have not said anything like that . 
  you just stick words to my mouth . 
  balkans have a very rich history and culture . 
  `` man you know what . 
  now that i think about it . 
  fuck you . 
  yeah go fuck yourself . 
  if it was n't for your stupid conversions we would n't be in this mess right now . '', 
  haha i think your madness is consuming you . 
  and do you know that uk still has many overseas colonies which can be used as a base for them ? 
  while we have ... none ? 
  lol . 
  and they are only doing it for the show they still suck them dry with cheap labour and resources . 
  uk doesnt want them developed they want them under control . 
  if you wan na see countries who are not criticized enough , look to usa , usa and usa .
