  it must be kept in mind that greece has lower gdp than turkey which means to spend the same amount of money they need to use more percentage of their gdp . 
  someone correct me if i am wrong . 
  gallipoli is impregnable , 
  `` hollanda '' in turkish for the whole country . 
  that kind of turkey would not simply be a lapdog of west and act according to its own benefits rather than theirs . 
  something they never want , because we have that potential . 
  honour killings ? 
  wth are honour killings doing in your country ? 
  immigrants ? 
  you need a better immigrant policy . 
  you need to kick out all those immigrants who does not share your values . 
  how could you accept someone so backwards minded ? 
  if i had a magic wand i 'd wipe off islam from my country . 
  or cast a meteor to kabe . 
  weather is indeed awful :p but you can always visit 3rd world countries like us . 
  i see many british/scandinavian/russian / germany tourists flooding our beachs , hotels and giving us sweet cash we desperately need . 
  you earn a lot ( really a lot even compared to us standarts but life is more expensive either ) which means you can enjoy countries like turkey , greece by spending very little compared to what you 'd spend in your country . 
  climate is the only viable answer imo . 
  but if i could choose a side i would choose yours without a second thought ( now dont say grass is always greener on the other side , we both know you 'd do the same ) plus a hidden multiplier is just ask any european about swedish and they will say good things then say a turk and they will look down on us like we are some sort of devils . 
  all in all combined you are living in a top class country , enjoy it , be happy . 
  i want to be rid of here and live in canada or usa , would try scandinavian countries but its harder yet ironically you love islamist extremes but no-no to us . 
  yea it can be done but i simply can not see any leader that can succeed in doing that in near future . 
  plus even west would not like that to happen . 
  why would they want a stronger , better turkey ? 
  and islam is harder to conquer than christianity . 
  being a closed society makes things much harder . 
  please do tell me what makes you feel the other way around . 
  i really wonder . 
  of course there is . 
  but those who truly follow him are always a step behind those conservatives ( which still like him but dont really follow his values ) well that is the only problem i see to solve kurdish problem . 
  in the long run our country could educate and make them forget their tribal customs but this is hard and no government would be willingly do that since it is easier to manipulate them that way . 
  you are really lucky to be born in such a great country . 
  wish i could be rid of this shithole of a country and live there . 
  i am sick of conservative religious bigot idiotic people . 
  take them just take them . 
  we are completely fed up with that side . 
  we will also be losing the burden of armenian genocide since where armenians used to make a majority now kurds are majority there which is the reason they quickly jumped and conducted massacres , to make theirselves dominant . 
  let them deal with armenians . 
  so one stone two birds . 
  we can then accept the genocide and be done with it . 
  giving away kurdish majority lands would mean like giving up 1/6 of the country and that area has literally nothing but trouble . 
  mountaineous areas with no minerals , no technology , no industry , backward tribal people . 
  let them seccede from us . 
  i couldnt care less . 
  they do not contribute to our country and use our limited resources without doing anything . 
  they even use illegal electricity for gods sake and we are paying for them . 
  they are a huge burden for us . 
  we 'd be a better place without them . 
  whats up with cameron ? 
  immigrant policy ? 
  no leader in the europe can be as horrible as ours . 
  yea . 
  true . 
  he probably wont be able to do much but he will scare other people and probably give him a few years of jail time . 
  yes `` paid in blood '' this is correct . 
  however our democracy , republic , human and women rights were given to us in a golden plate thanks to ataturk . 
  there were moments from the common folk to revert this back to ottoman style islamic country which was surpressed by the army . 
  do you see the absurbness here ? 
  people has to want that !, 
  they have to want it and grab and take it by force but it is the opposite here !, 
  sometimes i wish that was possible but unfortunately west took a lot of immigrants from the east . 
  istanbul 's population was a bit more than a million at first but now it is god damn 14 millions !!!, 
  because of that west and east is too intertwined and such thing is impossible , only possible ( yet still very unlikely ) is southeast turkey breaking away due to kurds . 
  now this one i would totally love to see . 
  they are nothing but a burden to us . 
  they can live as some shitty islamic tribalistic kurdish country . 
  this would actually benefit us ... a lot . 
  you are swedish . 
  it is impossible for you to understand the situation here . 
  everything is good in your pinkie scandinavian country ( not kidding ) . 
  nothing is equal in life , even a father with twin sons can not treat equally to them . 
  what can we do if uneducated , low culture level people are majority and the government does not really want to fix that . 
  it is and endless cycle which can not be broken unless the educated open minded people rule . 
  we will always be like that if this continues . 
  again it is easy to say that in your country since everyone has a level of humanity . 
  unfortunately . 
  opponent parties ' leaders are weak . 
  because you visited west , the turkey that matters and those guys know whats going on . 
  however they cant outvote the close minded little educated people at east . 
  oh the shitty damn eastern part that holds us back . 
  a villager 's vote and a proffesor 's vote shouldnt be same . 
  he fools many people which is why we are so horrible of a country . 
  yea . 
  what have we done to deserve him ?!, 
  he will revive the guy after he dies just to put him in jail to satisy himself . 
  yea . 
  there was a mutual benefit and friendship between ottomans and jews . 
  they saved them many times throughout history and in return they had contributed ottoman empire economically . 
  even after balkan wars jew communities were sometimes massacred along with turks as they were seen their allies for a long time . 
  relations started to go downhill when our stupid king ( ? ), 
  refused to sell jerusalem and whereabouts to them they even accepted to pay our debts . 
  would be an amazing deal but he had that stupid idea of islamic unity . 
  a few decades later muslim arabs rebelled as well . 
  at least he should put english to the top !, 
  he wants 3 things . 
  jail for lifetime in hard conditions + jail for lifetime + jail for 42 years . 
  does not matter . 
  everyone should speak english when talking to other people in this reddit . 
  you should only speak in your language when you only want those who know your language to understand . 
  everyone here knows english and everyone in here should speak english with eachother .
