  only thing azerbaijan would do is to send back khokaly massacre survivors . 
  there is literally no azerbaijani left in armenia and no armenian left in azerbaijan ( except nkr ) . 
  so there can be no `` threats '' nkr can not live on its own . 
  it has to become a part of az in the future no matter what . 
  well albania is predominantly muslim too but its culturally close to europe christiandom . 
  religion is just one aspect , we have lived together for centuries our cultures are close even if religion is different . 
  since we were an empire we hsve strong cultural ties with balkans , caucasus and middle east . 
  but among all greece is probably the one we are closest to . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   it 's the armenian population which is threatened by azerbaijan not azerbaijan by the armenians two words : khojaly massacre, 
  canada is also a part of european culture group but we dont see their news here . 
  do we ? 
  geographically it is 100 % asian . 
  cyprus is asian too . 
  hate when people put armenia in europe but turkey in asia or worse ... middle east . 
  why ? 
  west is with azerbaijan . 
  according to them nkr rightfully belongs to az and am occupies that lands . 
  an outside enemy keeps the people inside in check and strenghtens his power . 
   ypg in syria ) are actually the most effective ground force against isis , we dont fight ypg . 
  we fight pkk a terrorist organization . 
  wan na know who else fights isis ? 
  al qaeda . 
  what does this mean ? 
  ataturk is the reason we are not ( a slightly better ) stupid middle eastern country . 
  hush now , little k\u0131br\u0131s you are in asia . 
  some pro-nazi scientist stayed and found anti-freeze for tanks for example . 
  your country is not attractive enough :p wish we could be rid of islam in our country . 
  why not ? 
  we stayed and we were in a more important location . 
  you can do it too . 
  ( at the cost of screwing the country but i guess its better than war . . ), 
   but really , if you get angry every time / r/worldnews is being stupid , you 'll lead an unhealthily angry lifestyle . 
  my heart seriously can not take all that shit ... i should let go of worldnews . 
  and europe is just a notch better than worldnews . 
  at least people dont say `` its time to kick turkey out of nato yaarrrr harrrr durrrrr '', 
  if you are neutral then why scared that russia will attack you ? 
  if you are so west oriented why not join nato ? 
   sweden , denmark and norway you believe they wont ? 
  do they not have obligations ? 
  yes but sadly most of the / r/worldnews and / r/europe openly supports pkk and according to them whoever pkk kills deserved it . 
  why no to nato ? 
  i mean i dont have the slightest love to nato as well but in your case it can be different ... 
   turkish people selling kebab here which seem to dont mind that we are a nation of beer-guzzling , pork-eating atheists , maybe its because we drink beer and ( secretly ) eat pork as well . 
  hahaha . 
  this demonisation is getting really annoying . 
  one of the reasons i like russia more and more . 
  we both have the same fate , both of our countries are demonised . 
  nazi atmosphere ? 
  are you ducking serious ? 
  i know right !, 
  hello brother !, 
  ben min ( a ) it felt similar . 
  yes , indeed . 
  all of them are actually turks, 
  come at me bro !, 
  what about land ? 
  can you defend yourself in land ? 
  there you go !, 
  a typical anti-turkist westerner who sees turks as bloody tyrants and kurds as angel fairies , 
  no `` islamic '' restrictions . 
  just that cant buy after 10pm until 6am . 
  aaand its ignored . 
  because erdogan . 
  hey its similar with finns !, 
  you expect pkk a terrorist organization to take responsibility on its every action ? 
  does it really matter though ? 
  even if pkk takes responsibility you will simply say `` they deserved it '' you look to this subject from a narrow angle . 
   willingly to join the pkk . 
  nope . 
  you can see villagers ' cries about this matter . 
  some may join willingly but for those who dont pkk simply takes them . 
  you can not whitewash this . 
  pkk is also furious about villages who dont support them . 
  unfortunately more attacks . 
  all pkk attacks tend to be reported except minor events , like pkk abducting villagers ' kids . 
  thank you , for a moment i was scared . 
  we are literally satan according to that movie : /, 
  are you serious ? ... 
   turkey = terrifying prisons what ?? 
  and caucassia is annexed by turkey !, 
   put in me , putin ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you should start fabricating a claim right now . 
  they did . 
  they also claimed responsibility for fake calling police and then murdering one of them and then heavily injuring the other . 
  but of course you wouldnt know and even if you did you woulndt accept because you are a typical westerner who sees turks as evil oppressor and pkk freedom fighter , pro lgbt , secularist , pro sunshine and rainbows fairies . 
  its a terrorist organization . 
  iraqi government already new of the airstrikes . 
  would us want permission to fight al qaeda ? 
  nope . 
  its honour/prestige thing . 
  how would you feel if mount olympos disappeared ? 
  in the name of ataturk ? 
  erdogan hates ataturk he has been doing everything to remove his presence everywhere, 
  read [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) up then . 
  which was guess what , worser than armeniam genocide . 
  so what ? 
  do you say holocaust whenever germans say they were persecuted anywhere in history ? 
  yea . 
  there is no state that had done `` everything right '' but we have come a long way .
