  nobody calls them greek/bulgarian occupied turkey . 
  do they ? 
  whats the source of those chart ? 
  which newspapers were taken into account ? 
  i can also point golden dawn and their resources and how racist they are against us . 
  turkey = / = ottoman empire . 
  this doesnt mean i disown my ancestors . 
  they did great things and they did shittty things as well . 
  atrocities of turkey ? 
  the biggest atrocity i can point is the istanbul pogrom of 6-7 sept which was truly a shame for us but you just cant call us `` sons of the evil lords '' oh we have oppressed kurds but they are no longer oppressed but their terrorist organization keeps on killing civilians . 
  kurds are islamist and tribalistic and their lands have nothing exactly nothing but mountains . 
  i do not like such people ( be it turk , kurd or french etc ) and there is nothing worthy in those lands . 
   turkey is a hegemonizing nationalistic state no you are just another butthurt guy who blames everything on turks since you are living in another ex-ottoman country . 
  united kingdom , usa has much more blood in his hands than ottomans ever had . 
  you are miserable if you call that whole ottoman legacy as a shame for us . 
  should the austrians/russians/english / belgium/french/spanish / portuguese/american and like 80 % of the world be ashamed for what `` their legacy '' has done . 
  turkey is a nation state just like all other countries . 
  huge atrocities happen when empires crumble but this works on both sides . 
  my ancestors come from bulgaria where they were persecuted by bulgarians . 
  most if not all european countries ethnically cleansed ( genocide !!!! ), 
  turks . 
  there is a truth in serbia 's `` remove kebab '' meme you know that , right ? 
  we are turkey not ottoman empire . 
  it is foolish to `` reconquer '' what we have lost . 
  kurds were oppressed but now they have deputies in our parliament . 
  they are very well represented they can not and should not resort to terrorism . 
  pkk has killed many civilians . 
  you are supporting a terrorist organization which killed countless doctors , teachers , villagers and common folk . 
  shame on you !, 
  i do hope kurds break free i couldnt care less about the worthless lands of the southeast turkey . 
  they have been nothing but a thorn . 
  kurds = / = pkk . 
  would you support ira if you supported a free ireland ? 
  i only smell anti-turkism due to ottoman empire no logic . 
  i know flags good enough . 
  doesnt matter that you are a hungarian . 
  your mentality belongs to / r/kurdistan where kurds are saint angel freedoms and turks are bloodthirsty tyrants . 
  go back to / r/kurdistan, 
  no pkk attacked first . 
  are you that low to support a terrorist organization ? 
  they can rot in prison as well . 
  i agree we should focus on more education/propaganda rather than jailing since it shows us bad . 
  but we dont throw everyone who openly supports pkk as well . 
  no respect for those who defend pkk . 
  how would an american feel if a journalist in their country defended al qaeda ? 
  she can rot in prison . 
  being in a continuous state of problems doesnt help . 
  i am sure at least lebanon will apply for it ( not that i have problem with it ), 
  un doesnt recognise the name because of greece . 
  however still i was faulty on my part . 
  thanks !, 
   we played very well on the first half . 
  we were always ahead of them and there was even 16 points difference between us . 
  we played well as a team , made great defense and forced them to play 1on1 . 
  gallinari played heroically ( like the only reason why italy carried on ) but he also acted like an asshole when he moved on on one of our players , luckily referee broke in . 
  it was very exciting in the last few mins and we could have even lost but anyway we deserved it . 
  also i feel as if italians underestimated us in the beginning . 
  tonight we will play against spain and sadly , surely we will lose :(, 
  hmm interesting . 
  then why did this channel do that ? 
  but why would channel do that ? 
  greece gov must have a role in it . 
  i dont understand why you are being downvoted . 
  thats hilariously stupid on greece 's part . 
  the problem is if israel joins then other countries there will want to join and they will show israel as an example to get in . 
  yes !, 
  we have beaten pizza and spaghetti !!!!, 
  take that gallinari !, 
  there are enough strategic voters for that and they will surely pass the threshold . 
  life is not good here . 
  we are going downhill . 
  syria destroyed syria . 
  we are not culturallt close with them . 
  arabs ( just like any other ex-ottoman countries ) hate us . 
  we dont have the power to look after them , our economy is already going down . 
  stop being selfish , man up and take those refugees . 
  we are ... western countries should man up and take them . 
  shoving them all back to turkey is not a solution . 
  geographicslly yes culturally no !!!!, 
  oooh . 
  now it feels right . 
  there used to be french influence to the turkish during ottoman era . 
  it probably came from there . 
  now its english of course . 
  oooh how the same word can be so different in turkish and english . 
  and the word looked so english ... 
  that was the word i was looking for . 
  when i couldnt remember i said ... it !, 
  yes , yes , 
  thank you for making me laugh dear bulgar , 
  really ? 
  what do our teens do ? 
  whats your feeling towards turks ? 
   they are in sort of a dilemma with russia bullying them time and again think you got something wrong there . 
   could n't they didnt care . 
  and there are a lot of muslim georgians anyway . 
  i mean obviously they dont name theirselves as georgian anynore because they are among us , turks . 
  oh and i like your country because its a buffer country between us and russia , 
  why would we care about a state in usa ? 
  this is a sub about europe after all ^ s. /,
