  i will not . 
  lets see how long will you continue with your bullshit . 
  so you are even proud of it ? 
  how typical of a westerner !, 
  shit comes down to us when we do but it good when they do to us . 
  not justifying i just want people the know what has been done to us as well . 
  as you can see my dear fellow bulgars and greeks there is no way running away from immigrants , just embrace it  ^ ^ and ^ ^ take ^ ^ a ^ ^ piece ^ ^ of ^ ^ our ^ ^ 2 ^ ^ million ^ ^ immigrants ^ ^ plox, 
  wow that was fast . 
  kudos to you . 
  do you sit on computer replying me , nothing to do ? 
  such life ... 
  abhaahh what does that even mean ? 
  i think thats the second time you used dickmuffin, 
  keep going, 
  i meant i dont see any genocide memorials for the victims killed by western great powers . 
  holocaust is an exception because it was done to a race which was allied to them . 
  noone knows how we were genocided, 
  i am not an asshot . 
  wbu ? 
  when will you run out of word i wonder, 
  no anatolian side ahah :d you are always welcome friend !, 
  i hope you enjoy as well , 
  no i dont eat shit . 
  do you ? 
  yea . 
  our current government doesnt even want eu, 
  oh come oooon . 
  his voters are always from the eastern lesser developed regions . 
  half of the turkey hates him but its not enough :(, 
  hmm if those happen then i am all for it even if other states dont accept they genocided us as well . 
  ok i am leaving you alone . 
  have fun in your kindergarden kiddo , 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims lmao . 
  i guess this is enough for you . 
  i bet you havent even heard of this i wish it changes your opinion . 
  turkey accepts massacres but challanges the word genocide . 
  i dont see any balkan nations mentioning our persecution . 
  yea i know , keep hating . 
  no there was ethnic cleansing . 
  persecution is never ok but we shouldnt stuck in past when both sides commit it to eachother . 
  you are giving me a good laugh little guy , 
  not hundreds , not thousands , not tens of thousands , not hundreds of thousands but millions , millions ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims, 
  do you not know anything but `` leave me alone '' ? 
  hmm looks like your mouth needs to be washed . 
  lmao first we were ethnically cleansed/massacred and genocided in balkans , in africa and caucassia then the armenian genocide ocurred . 
  see ? 
  typical turks can not be victims mindset, 
  useless . 
  whats with that scandinavians/baltics/poles being paranoid ? 
  you have nothing of russian interest . 
  be more creative rookie , stop using the same template , 
  oooh spill your hatress . 
  prove me true , 
  you are pathetic . 
  you should be glad that i am not reporting you . 
  you are welcome , 
  lmao . 
  you are just the example how people can be blind how we were massacred how we suffered . 
  such a civilised being you are . 
  oh we 'd completely eradicated if we had lost our independe war . 
  but we won they lost . 
  yes i can feel how armenians feel . 
  our loss was cut from them i guess . 
  after that huge set of losses , ottoman was getting paranoid about losing any more lands . 
  this doesnt justify massacres just saying but we want people to understand us as well . 
  nobody today knows how we were genocided but its all about armenians . 
  nope i am from istanbul  that city was once the capital of ottoman empire before 1453 . 
  it has a cultural value , it was stagnant for a long time now its only growing again . 
  disease just maked their job easier . 
  i am sure they were glad of that disease . 
  yes but the problem is people never believe we were the victims too . 
  they always have this mindset `` go back where you came from , you are not wanted here , anything happens to you is justified '', 
  we did . 
  we suffered faar more than armenians . 
  see this is the hypocrisy we are talking about . 
  you only see how much you have lost while completely ignoring crimes comitted against us . 
  read !, 
  because we did . 
  armenians lost 1-1 .5 m while we at least lost 4 times as more than them . 
  most would suit better , 
  yes . 
  i want them gone too and thank you , 
  yes obviously it has to pass turkey there is no other way around . 
  but anyway i hope it helps our neighbours . 
  i dont understand why you wiki 'd etymology of edirne ? 
  then where are your glorious memorials for them ?!, 
  we suffered faaar more than armenians but we dont have any !, 
  and will never have . 
  we are no way glorious . 
  and its completely true that europe and usa has the power to annihilate us but you cant simply declare a war out of nothing . 
  its people obviously hate us . 
  allied . 
  one from allied . 
  but they are being forgotten . 
  there are no genocide memorials in which they have perpetrated and these are not the only ones . 
  but they are being forgotten . 
  there are no genocide memorials in which they have perpetrated . 
  i do actually want turkish gov to acknowledge and move on but the attitude of westerners and armenians to us disgusts me and wants me to keep doing until they accept what they have done to us . 
  to be deleted by a crazy mod who can not style us as victims . 
  because there were many ?
