  pkk has no reason to keep terrorising . 
  no shit ?!, 
  they didnt receive any aid however erdogan didnt stop them either . 
  his policy was dont touch , dont die . 
  your country wont have a terrorist organization now but if you had you 'd know how it hurts to have one . 
  if turkey really did collaborated with isis it was top officials of mit ( intelligence agency of turkey ) not your random police officer and you have no right to kill a guy . 
  they are just looking for reasons to kill as seen by when they called cops for a traffic accident and then killed one of them and heavily wounded the other one . 
  it is unbelievable how you guys can whitewash pkk 's actions . 
  i dont want to but i sometimes hope one day pkk hits you hard too . 
  maybe only that way you can realise they are not peace angels . 
  you know that pkk is a terrorist group right ? 
  who killed 2 police officers in their home and another one with a fake call and kidnapped an ambulance and its staff in it ? 
  but all you say is ... turkey ... despicable ? 
  we will deploy our immigrants first . 
  yours can wait , your country can handle . 
   were accused of working with isis with no f ****** proof !, 
  skilled people make their way into better eu countries where we ( poor balkan countries in general ) get stuck with beggars , thiefs and rapists ... 
  yea but in 1916 ottomans were not controlling that much of caucaus . 
  i mean thats wow !, 
  just look at it !, 
  a very interesting map for turkey . 
  a slight lost on eastern thrace and a strip of aegean coast but controlling whole middle east and caucaus, 
  religion masking hate and greed and not actually the source of it ? 
  hahahaha !, 
  i really dont understand this . 
  i just heard a year ago that a church `` opened for business '' in kadikoy , istanbul . 
  i am sure churches increased in number throughout history of turkey . 
  maybe not news were built but the olds were restorated but still churches increased in number . 
  unfortunately there is not high non muslim population to maintain them . 
  for example a synagogue in istanbul has one worshipper who opens and closes the building i do want turkey to give more importance to religion except islam . 
  old ? 
  so what ? 
  many things in istanbul is old . 
  it is an old city you know . 
  an old church would be more favorable and worthful than a new one . 
  yea . 
  wish i had the power to swipe away religion . 
  nope at a bar that would be around 4 $, 
  you are either an idiot who is misleaded or someone who knows the deal but simply plays with it so it fits the anti-turkish narrative . 
  either way i wont argue with you . 
  since you wont change your opinion . 
  you are either an idiot who is misleaded or someone who knows the deal but simply plays with it so it fits the anti-turkish narrative . 
  either way i wont argue with you . 
  since you wont change your opinion . 
  there is no law that forbids such thing . 
  there are many churches in istanbul . 
  if romanian church was necessary it would be constructed . 
  though i agree this said mosque is completely useless . 
  omg wish there was turkey in the list . 
  it would be funny to see reds everywhere ... 
  the answer for turkey is like 2-2 .5 $ for a 50cl bottle . 
  hats ? 
  yea a country born from ashes . 
  at least better than what sevres would impose on us . 
  i wonder what would happen if we had completely lost our independence war . 
  i was thinking for the latter since division of poland was in an instant . 
  it didnt take time to `` burn '', 
  people trying to grab whatever they can from a burning house . 
  yea !, 
  wtf / r/europe ? 
  those countries are not certainly in the glorious europe !, 
  surprised ? 
  i thought / r/europe puts us in africa !, 
  greek genocide is controversial . 
  it includes great fire of smyrna but that fire was done by greeks whose priests were preaching it was gods will . 
  even though erdogan controlled pretty much everything even his power was not enough to completely dominate the highest court on turkey ( court of constitution ) because of some pesky democratic laws we have . 
  thats why he was calling for a new constitution to assert total dominance but he needed 400 out of 550 mps in the grand assembly but he even failed to make the majority in the recent elections by taking only 258 mps . 
  doom is coming for erdogan . 
  he will be judged by the only court he hasnt infiltrated yet in the end no matter what . 
  whats hot potato ? 
  and erdogan 's party lost hahah . 
  he should stay quiet . 
  wait . 
  we arent the worst in balkans ? 
  yea . 
  because turkey = north korea, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  lol . 
  and how this would be horrible ? 
  what would a golden dawn government do ? 
  eu will become a federation once turkey joins it . 
  yea . 
  what i was thinking . 
  turkish stream has potential . 
  how did the turkish stream came to a dead end ? 
  he didnt `` kill '' minorities . 
  he did start turkification of the area . 
  this was a must . 
  a country like turkey full with lots of different ethnicities in time when faschism was on rise . 
  you can get mad at him for turkifying the area i dont care . 
  but if he hadnt . 
  then all those minorities would be rising up and fragile ( at that time ) turkey would be drawn into a civil war which would only make great powers happy . 
  lmao . 
  `` his nationalities '' he was nothing before gallipoli campaign . 
  had no power to do anything . 
  yet people find something to shit on him . 
  there were literally no armenians left when he came to power . 
  he had called the armenian genocide a shameful act . 
  in a very fragile country like early turkey he aimed to build a nation state so yea he did oppress minorities but it was nothing compared to what 80 coup d etat did to minorities . 
  so let me repeat he had no power to stop any massacre .
