  russia ( the newly formed commie russia ) helped turkey because it looked as a friend because we were fighting imperialistic forces and greeks were backed up by brits and dont pull that card there were more turks than greece even in izmir at that time . 
  well , you have a point there . 
  we could withdraw our army from the northern side and then start negotiating but i guess we still dont trust them and there is a cold blood between us . 
   according to a statement by the foreign ministry , it was highlighted that the `` genocide allegations which were supposedly committed by the ottoman empire in 1915 are internationally ** disputed ** '' and that the ministry would state their opinion on the matter later on . 
  nope unfortunately you dislike us too because of history . 
  if we were to make a poll among europeans . 
  we would be from disliked to hated . 
  because they are all made up by russia lol, 
  lmao . 
  what do you think you know about that ? 
  let me guess !, 
  evil turks needed to expand and they conquered innocent greek island !, 
  yea they are all evil !!, 
  they must be kicked back to central asia !, 
  typical ... greeks in that island declared einosis which means uniting with greece and they started massacre-ing the turkish cypriots . 
  digging holes and throwing them in . 
  turkey warned them countless times to stop and then it had to protect its very own citizens and occupied 1/3 of the island . 
  saying '' its mind boggling that they are even allowed to control a part of it . 
  a turkish claim on cyprus is about as strong as a russian claim on poland ... '' is complete illiteracy and hypocrisy . 
  nobody said anything when they started killing us both oooh its all our fault when we protect our turkish people !, 
  how pathetic comparing the cyprus issue to a russian invasion of poland ... 
  yea . 
  current government is one of the worst ( if not worst ) we have ever seen in our recent history . 
  how come we are retarderdly religious when we gave women rights to vote and to be voted far before you ? 
  this country was founded on secular ideas !, 
  not retarderdly religioustic ones !, 
  how come they are `` much better '' muslim country ? 
  we are economically better than them and have better ambitions . 
  whatever they have done , we done it before . 
  lol so you dont want turkey ? 
  let me guess you are one of those typical europeans who hates turks and turkey . 
  hahaha, 
  serbia and bosnia did not pay reperations even though their actions was accepted as genocide . 
  thank you . 
  i wish everyone could say the same in your first paragraph . 
  about the second we only want you guys to know that we have suffered too . 
  one wrong does not cancel the other , right but stop looking us as if we are devil reincarnated please . 
  what do you mean its not as bad as you did to armenians ?!, 
  6 million people died throughout the entire empire mostly in balkans and especially by bulgarians in balkans . 
  whereas 1-1 .5 million armenians died . 
  does the life of an armenian worth more than a turk ? 
  dude we came into anatolia 1079 . 
  its gon na be like a thousand years soon !, 
  and fyi we are far more indigenous than turkic . 
  only 13 % of our genes are turkic . 
  while the rest is caucassian , middle eastern and european . 
  and what we are responsible for ending the `` legendary '' byzantine ? 
  you are hilarious !, 
  it was fucking war !, 
  how the hell can we be responsible for ending a nation ? 
  nations rise and die in history . 
  deal with it !, 
  this is like a joke , this guy is blaming us for conquering lands !, 
  do you blame alexander the great for conquering all the way to india ? 
  no you dont because he is greek , but oh hell we are devils for conquering the legendary capital . 
  how nice for you !, 
  yea this is your problem europeans !, 
  you still blame us for conquering your lands at the past . 
  how hilarious and funny !, 
  you still can not accept us for winning our war of independence and would gladly kick us back to central asia if you could . 
  and fy there will be no , completely no saints if we are to judge people by their past !, 
  most of the world ? 
  if they did there would be genocide monuments for them and it would be accepted as genocide because it is a genocide . 
  whole natives eradicated , rest are drugged . 
  lol . 
  really ?!, 
  now you are blaming us for conquering your lands ? 
  so all those murders are justified ? 
  bravo !!, 
  amazing !, 
  typical mindset of a european . 
  empires enlarge and conquer . 
  there was a sizeable turkish population in balkans !, 
  so by your logic all americans leave their lands because they occupied without any justification ?!, 
  european hypocrisy at its best . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims this was faaaar and faaar worser than what armenians suffered !!!!, 
  yet noone knows !!, 
  its all about how innocent armenians are and how devil turks are . 
  i am dead sick of this hypocrisy !, 
  but this wasnt a genocide it was ethnic cleansing of gregorian armenians . 
  it was horrible , yes . 
  but the definition of genocide is clear and one of the reasons that this was not a genocide is the armenians in the western provinces were nearly untouched . 
  also they armed and massacred our villages as well . 
  ottomans wanted to kick them to middle east but the irregulars killed them . 
  what about us ? 
  we have lost 4 million turks in balkan , ethnically cleansed by the countries who won balkan wars . 
  1 million turks in the east by russians and armenians . 
  why are we always known as devils but our opponents are just as bad as us ? 
  i hate this hypocrisy . 
  those people who marks turks as bloodthirsty tyrannts ? 
  who would accept anything that accuses us ? 
  who would kill and slaughter us back to asia if they could ? 
  who doesnt know anything about the situation of ottomans at that time ? 
  no thanks . 
  fyi people who recognise the events as genocidd increase every day . 
  i dont get it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  who are those people and how is ataturk related to this ? 
  i am puzzled . 
  cri-me-a river,
