  europe should take an example of that in this matter haha . 
  wow . 
  cool !, 
  and what you think executing random innocent people is justifiable in a time where they are not even oppressed anymore ? 
  turkish intervention of cyprus was a result of greek cypriots being killed by greek cypriots . 
  yet noone ever accepted this intervention . 
  and that is why kos should belong to us !!!!, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ hehehehehehehe, 
  i meant to say that despite having worser gdp and much worser gdp per capita we have more and as i said foreign background doesnt mean shit . 
  we were a damn refugee state , did you know that ? 
  distance ? 
  really ? 
  is that your excuse now ? 
  we can always drop by thousands of refugees if you wanted it . 
  spanish , nordic or ukrainian refugees are not the same with syrians . 
  i 'd accept them too but we can not have more religious conservative bigots !!, 
  they will ruin our country . 
  religion !, 
  yes we do !, 
  but not `` that '' kind of religion . 
  it even differs from a turk in the west and another one in the east . 
  but even the guy in the east doesnt have that level of religion syrians have . 
  yep . 
  going for my coffee now . 
  true . 
  turkey was a refugee state . 
  but those times are past now . 
  we can not take any more arabs or sand people as you say them . 
  ^ ( however ukrainians fleeing their country or greeks running away from their debts are always welcome , we cant deal and dont want islamic nutjobs ), 
  drop that unrelated armenian topic . 
  kurds were oppressed nobody denies that . 
  but terrorist attacks can not be justified . 
  a few years ago two soldiers who were doing their mandatory conscription was out dressed as a civilian going to buy something . 
  they were both young . 
  one of them had his wife pregnant waiting for a child . 
  some bastard follows them from barracks and executes both of them by contacting his pistol to their neck and firing at the middle of a street . 
  what is this now ??? 
  are you happy ? 
  because some kurds actually celebrated this . 
  nothing wrong with defending your rights and being nationalistic but this ... terrorism , faschism ? 
  but still you will say `` ooooh turkish victim complex again , they can never be the victim , they are always evil aggressors '' well screw you then . 
  ok . got it . 
  thats true, 
  we are no germany . 
  you cant make a comparison between germany and turkey . 
  they have faaaar better economy and gdp . 
  we are nowhere strong enough to take that much people in an instant . 
  and people with foreign background is apeshit . 
  there are millions of people in turkey with foreign background . 
  we are talking about syrians here , if you like them so much man up and take it . 
  right now turkey has the highest number of syrians by far . 
  we will not be accounted as european by you anyway . 
  so stop with your do this , do that . 
  thank you . 
  / r/europe may not have understood that sarcasm . 
  they kill our civilians with their terrorist organization ? 
  he is giving a possibility that turkish troops are crazy people who shoot civilians ... 
  well turkic tribes did not contribute much to our gene pool only changed its culture . 
  so we are the sons and daughters of the people who lived here since forever . 
  also we took in a lot of muslim refugees from balkans , caucassia and middle east which all became turkified in decades . 
  we are genetically close to greeks and armenians . 
  god no . 
  we wont make them full citizens . 
  you can take them if you want so much . 
  i would laugh as you struggle with their stupid conservatism . 
  where did you understand `` turkey is so perfect ? '', 
  turkey is shit compared to eu states . 
  we are heaven according to them , and you are heaven accorsing to us . 
  if magically netherlands would give me a citizenship i 'd be gone in a heartbeat . 
  and i 'd have no trouble integratinf unlike those crazy people ... but you guys seem to like them more . 
  well have fun then . 
  they will be your biggest problem . 
  and dont even start with `` buuuut your culture is similaaaar '' no !, 
  its not !, 
  you are fucking stupid . 
  thats sarcasm , right ? 
  we are genetically indigenous . 
  but genetically ... we are, 
  why do you even think turks would deliberately shoot civilians ? 
  do you realise that we have 2 million damn syrians ??!!, 
  faaaar more than your `` pinky good '' countries . 
  yet eu does nothing other than saying `` yeah well good for you `` turkish soldiers will stay in turkish soil we have no business in that war . 
  do you think there is an end to that ? 
  fight that at time and fight another next time . 
  make some empathy ffs . 
  this war has costed so much more than it costed on your countries . 
  besides this news is incomplete after isis took them back they fled and we took thousands of refugees ... again !, 
  yea . 
  it is interesting how climate is so much different in not so big country . 
  to the west izmir literally never sees snow while to the east snow blocks your entrance to the house . 
  what was your business there ? 
  ooh . 
  got it . 
  i thought it was simply a landlocked country which borders only other 2 countries . 
  ok that makes a lot more sense . 
  grrrr you have shown your true face , i knew you were a mod !, 
  kill him !, 
  kill him with fireeeee !!, 
  yea eastern turkey gets incredibly lot of snow in winter . 
  hmm interesting .
