  and 1.2 m number is needless to say disputed . 
  so does . . like ... every ... western ... nation . 
  they became an eu member after the invasion . 
  and we had legit reasons to do so . 
  no we dont wonder why we wont be a part of eu . 
  eu can go to hell . 
  ita because you know nothing of the other side . 
  and we dont outright reject . 
  its a naming issue . 
  i wonder if i show some atrocities committed against us too ? 
  maybe that would tone down genocidegenocidegenocidegenicide people . 
  i would like to have a pork please . 
  arab speaking people are called arab . 
  no matter what . 
  syrians are arabs . 
  religion decreases divorve rates . 
  if people are unhappy they divorce but in lesser developed countries they can not due to various reasons . 
  no its not . 
  the people is heaps and miles different than pakistan . 
  end is coming for erdogan anyway . 
   lady go 's clothes shopping and the clerk attends you that it makes you look fat , by saying literately just that . 
  i can see two women pulling eachothers hairs and slapping eachother if that happened in my country . 
  up for a rematch srpska ? 
  winner gets kosovo , 
  this is unacceptable in russia 's part . 
  this is what happens when you give firepower to mindless fools . 
  reminded me of middle east ... 
  of course dutch would support anything against turkey ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ s / nothing will change the fact that we have beaten dutch 3-0 !!!!, 
  yes . 
  turks attacked . 
  nobody cares about turks . 
  if it was about a kurd it would be all over internet saying faschist tyrannt murderer turks . 
  thread is getting downvoted , of course . 
  typical / r/europe . 
   there is no indigenous swedish culture i. ... dont ... understand . 
  saying that to another balkan country would literally be a casus belli . 
  yea not giving citizenships to them does that . 
  `` europe 's last dictator '' such a stupid arguement . 
  mmm what ? 
  well eu would lose a lot and its credibility would drop a lot if uk leaves eu, 
  because they are a terrorist organization . 
  they have gunned , executed , bombed civilians since the beginning !, 
  are you naive or ignorant ? 
  he is not `` free '' to do anything . 
  his power as a president is too limited despite being the # 1 man in turkey . 
  once his party akp goes down he will be nothing but a big squabbling baby . 
  and right now his party doesnt havr power to do anything because they arent a majority . 
  do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  all the lines in middle east are set by treaties . 
  for example lausanne . 
  and do you seriously believe pkk doesnt hurt civilians ? 
  pkk and hdp are not really so close to eachother . 
  hdp demands them to drop thri arms no matter what . 
  not a muslim but islam embraces and accepts jesus as a true prophet . 
  not even extremists would say bad things about him . 
  funny because inat means `` being stubborn '' in turkish . 
  so do we . 
  again it works for both ways . 
  they cant rely on instability forever . 
  only people who know the conflict comment here . 
  those who oppose just downvote and let go . 
  look at it at 40 upvote only and when a biased article shows up as i mentioned it instantly gets 100s of upvotes . 
  you and we both , its mutual . 
  of course greek violations always goes unnoticed by / r/europe since its so easy to demonize turkey and the general turkophobia here . 
  not now . 
  but if he had the power he wouldnt even think twice retaking them . 
  you are wrong i would say `` lying '' but i will assume you are new here . 
  `` turks are killing kurds '' +999 karma . 
  `` pkk is a terrorist organization '' negative karma . 
  and i would tell you to stop saying kurds and use pkk instead but we both know that you wont stop calling kurds to show them `` innocent '', 
  everyone except / r/worldnews and half of / r/europe . 
  as we can see here 0 fucks were given from our dear europeans . 
  pkk members are freedom fighter secularist peace loving socialist and feminist kurds after all . 
  those children were probably isis members anyway . 
  wales . 
  because its ducking cool . 
  there will always be `` that '' guy . 
  not really . 
  maybe we are talking about different movies ? 
  emperor fights to his death and dies honourably . 
  uhh i did . 
  and there was nothing anything like that . 
  typical war/conquest film . 
  so what ? 
  german is one of the most pro-pkk countries in the world . 
  yes . 
  what he said . 
  only terrorists are killed in military strikes . 
  do not underestimate turkish capabilities . 
  what you are describing is a full scale war and in that case turkish fleet is not bad compared to russian black sea fleet . 
  it will take lots of time for them to reassign and bring their fleet from somewhere else to turkey and until that conflict would de-escelate . 
  dont believe me ? 
  go visit hakkari in turkey ? 
  i am done explaining western kurdophiles that kurds arent exaxtly secularist beacon of civilizations among bloodthirsty turks . 
  heavy aetillery is not used in cities . 
  if we actually could then i cant even imagine the shithow it would have brought . 
  and pkk has artillery thanks to their german allies . 
  oh thank you . 
  really . 
  its all greek genocide but not mention of what they have done to us .
