  i guess thats one of the perks of being the # 1 superpower . 
  dude whatever we do we can not erase hatress and we wont as long as you guys keep repeating '' genocidal turks !, 
  evil turks !, 
  barbarious turks !, 
  a good turk is a dead turk ! '', 
  and so on and so forth . 
  i am not blaming you for gaining your indepence . 
  well done to you but stop portraying us as satan 's minions . 
  ataturk is indeed rolling in his grave . 
  he would have imagined a truly westernized country . 
  but look at us . 
  lol funny thing . 
  i am not saying that devsirme is something amazingly good i am saying that it was acceptable according to his century . 
  understanf what i write first and then criticisize . 
  and this guy is baffling about how we are not european as if he calls the shots on who belongs to europe or not . 
  perfect !, 
  i bet i am far more european than you anyway . 
  if you had read my comments to understand rather than bashing it , you 'd see that i accepted the genocides but urged that the world doesnt know that we have suffered too and more than what armenians had suffered maybe not more devastating but we did . 
  i said mostly and even then . 
  your example shows that he rebelled not because of the oppressive ottomans but because he was losing power . 
  i am not shifting it . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  you can find lots and lots of examples of this , 
  ottomans were not imperialistic ( which i hope they were ) britain of the balkans ? 
  really ? 
  well britain stayed for a few decades in its colonied and everyone speaks english and forcibly injected their culture to them . 
  they sucked them dry whereas ottomans left them be and let them govern theirselves . 
  portuguese/french they all did that and thats why the world speaks so much english/spanish etc now and who speaks turkish right now despite we stayed faaar longer than brits and the little culture injection such as food/beverage happened passively not actively . 
  even if we do accept your arguement . 
  noone today hates england even though it is far more recent . 
  but everyone dislikes/hates ottoman empire/turks/muslims . 
  so this definitely comes from something else , right ? 
  if ottomans had truly imperialistic ideals then they 'd be much stronger and had a stronger foot on their lands . 
  no i am dead sick of this hatress . 
  we dont deserve this . 
  i dont even know why i am a redditor after all these hatress . 
  well we were the victim of balkan wars , this doesnt change anything . 
  they already had weapons . 
  they were a power on their own . 
  ottomans had a central army and there were local powers in specific situations such as this one . 
  there is a strong bond between those two . 
  they willingly massacred armenians along with other ottomans . 
  lol . 
  i was talking to another turkish guy so he can mind his own business . 
  only because you have no answer left because it is impossible to penetrate wall of hate of turks . 
  well i want to get off from this country too what a coincidence . 
  blood tax in ottomans meant you gave your first son to the state and they fought in battles however after some battles or time they could retire and live with the money they have received throughout the times they have fought and they would be free . 
  and even in the later times the janissaries ( formed by the people of the blood tax ) did not even fight they took their money from the state but refused to fight and lived like everybody else and then much later state finally removes them which were once a good way to fight in battles . 
  and fyi albanians who converted to islam continued to give their sons to ottoman empire for some time . 
  and it is child slavery i am not downplaying that but know eveything about that not only `` how sons get stolen from their mothers '', 
  learn the terms . 
  blood tax in ottomans meant you gave your first son to the state and they fought in battles however after some battles or time they could retire and live with the money they have received throughout the times they have fought and they would be free . 
  and even in the later times the janissaries ( formed by the people of the blood tax ) did not even fight they took their money from the state but refused to fight and lived like everybody else and then much later state finally removes them which were once a good way to fight in battles . 
  i wont explain slavery or its cruelties here . 
  learned the difference now ?? 
  i am sick of being called horrible , evil etc by people who has no knowledge . 
  no , you can see it on every website . 
  hatress against us because we succeed . 
  there wouldnt be much hatress if we had failed our independence war . 
  lol i am just reminding that kurds are equally responsible as turks at that time not `` mostly kurds '' i just explained ottoman empire and minorities go read again if you want . 
  i have not suggested other countries paying reperations to us i criticized armenians blindly throw responsibility to us . 
  i dont want bulgaria to give reperations for my great grandfather 's loss but i dont wan na pay for some armenian 's great grandfather 's loss either . 
  see the difference ? 
  of course it was religion based this doesnt mean every hatress is caused by it but its the main reason . 
  it is blood tax not child slavery . 
  first born male son goes to ottomans . 
  yes this is very cruel . 
  imagining this in 21st century now is completely unacceptable , right ? 
  well again it is better than seeing him dead . 
  seriously we can not judge ottomans with our 21st century mindset . 
  sometimes i wish ottomans were orthodox rather than islamic it would have solved a lot of things . 
  no no i am not saying that its great i am saying that it was great compared to other empires at that time . 
  sometimes i hope ottoman empire was orthodox instead of islamic that would have solved pretty much everything and they could have been truly the continuation of roman empire . 
  ottomans get screwed up after the rise of nationalism since they had everyone from everywhere and this led to dirty things . 
  they could have . 
  ottomans already had lost all of its power and they were living like an old man with life support unit . 
  it is the other way around state couldnt have done without the help of local kurds . 
  you dont need to thank anything . 
  just learn the facts and dont be crazy about ottomans . 
  agreed . 
  right now the turkey which matters is the western turkey . 
  seriously n-o-b-o-d-y cares about the eastern turkey . 
  wish this nightmare had never happened and i dont care about losing our eastern territory , this would even solve our kurdish problem . 
  they did hate - and still do - because religion . 
  religion is still an important factor but it was extremely important back then . 
  for example catholics were under protection of ottomans because they were minority compared to orthodox churches and they choose muslims rather than orthodoxs . 
  yes . 
  ottomans divided people according to their religion . 
  you were a second class citizen if you were non-muslim . 
  ottomans didnt meddle with their people 's private life and they could practice their own religion . 
  in return they had to pay more tax and they couldnt enlist in military . 
  whereas brits and french were killing eachother because they didnt believe in the right form of christianity . 
  people burned this is the major point , minor killings by irregulars are irrelevant . 
  well kurds were minority in that region they wanted to be dominant and they were so willing about killing massacres they jumped to it . 
  no greeks in izmir who hasnt fled the city yet ignited the fire and the wind contributed to burn the city . 
  most of the city was left in ashes , a big damage to already weak turkey . 
  but persecutions mainly happened before the genocide and nobody will even think of doing anything about them since they completely hate us . 
  nobody destroyed your culture its still there . 
  ottoman empire did horrible things but they were were good to the minorities compared to their time .
