  lucky you then . 
  dont blame erdogan for this . 
  he is an asshole alright and feeds on destability yes but he is not behind those attacks . 
  not really . 
  we have a diverse climate . 
  i am shocked that our forest ration is too low . 
  must be because of the southeast and some parts of east is composed of mountains . 
  west is also supporting various rebel factions . 
  i dont see any refugees being sent to them since they reject everyone . 
  this war didnt start because of us . 
  we have no responsibility . 
  not if we send them back . 
  you have the power . 
  man up . 
  easy . 
  because we will send all those refugees to your precious , safe eu countries so we wont deal with them , 
  like 10-20 % of them are in camps and the rest are in streets . 
  obviously europe can do much better if they want to . 
  seriously ? 
  do you totally ignore 2 million refugees we have ? 
  a refugee is in a better state than a homeless turkish guy right now . 
  now there is something wrong there !, 
  yess ... take them all ... lift our burden ... 
   turkey should n't be that much of our concern since it is n't in the eu oh , screw you . 
  our country is not powerful enough to sustain 2 million syrian refugees , man up and take some weight . 
  thats creepy . 
  oh ... what if he is straight ? 
  ^ ( please dont reply the way i fear ), 
   ask them about their dildo collection . 
  even if they are a guy ? 
  uk+gibraltar !, 
  i am sure there is gon na be loooots of questions about gibraltar . 
  large christian minority is a bit underrating christians there . 
  first of all it was created to be the only christian majority country in middle east but huge emigrations and lower fertility rates than muslims slowly damaged the balance and now there is a bit more muslims than christians even though gap is increasing both are still close to eachother . 
  okay . 
  i dont think this is significiant enough . 
  okay . 
  who cares ? 
  possible . 
  we have a male name called `` idris '' which is like specific to black sea region . 
  constitution is not against any specific minority . 
  anyone can speak whatever they want . 
  this quote is bullshit and typical anti-turkist propaganda . 
  again . 
  nope . 
  oooh . 
  yes . 
  our cpuntry is filled with syrian refugees ( 2m !!!!!!! ), 
  which they try to cross to europe somehow . 
  they either try greece by boat or bulgaria by land . 
  yes . 
  in northern greece ( western thrace ) and in some islands closer to greece . 
  soon ... . . , 
  so do we . 
  but we have a way longer border :(, 
  greek government followed a policy of assimilation at that time so they are indistinguishable at this point . 
  though i thought turks were the largest minority in greece , seems like i was wrong . 
  this time hussar wings wont be able to save you , 
  care to say little monkey in non cute way ? 
   they 're actually just normal people wow !, 
  unbelievable !, 
  how dare you say our beers suck ?!, 
  efes pilsen and bomonti ftw !, 
   npr story about immigration from turkey care to elaborate ? 
  true . 
   mandatory anti-turkey club meetings what . . 
  the ... hell ?? 
  too lazy . 
  lol . 
  i would search it another time :d, 
  what are you talking about / u/tigranater ? 
  how do you know me ? 
  why ? 
  power struggle . 
  after there was nothing else to eat they were alone but gulen wanted more , erdogan didnt give so now they are fighting and showing each other 's shits , very good for us . 
  let them eat each other inside . 
  why is the other narcissism ? 
  gulen screwed the secularists and the army . 
  they did all those shits hand on hand together with erdogan but a year ago their relation ended abrubtly . 
  now they are neck to neck . 
  it means we didnt take the star and crescent from byzantines but rather from our tengrist roots . 
  by saying shamelessly i meant i didnt provide link , citation didnt even bother removing numbers , it was a lazy copy pasta . 
  hmm i see . 
  anti-socials simply dont care about other people and possible harm them ? 
  thanks random swede . 
  whats the difference ? 
  i thought asocial was an abbrevation for anti-social . 
  nope . 
  shamelessly stolen from wikipedia : the origin of the crescent and star symbols used by turkic peoples , goes back to the tengrism era . 
  [ 21 ] crescent represents the moon god ( ay ata ) , and the star represents the sun goddess ( gun ana ) . 
  coins of the turkic khaganate found in the various excavations in kyrgyzstan and uzbekistan , belonging years 576-600 , proved that turkic peoples were using star and crescent before islam as their symbol, 
   turkey is ... well good neighbours but it 's turkey lol, 
  because we are talking about nkr and that massacre happened in nkr . 
  others are irrelevant in this case . 
  do you really think nkr can live like that ? 
  they have to join to a country . 
  de facto states can not go on forever . 
  look at north cyprus , their people want to unite after everything happened between them . 
  there will be times has changed . 
  both sides wouldnt resort to ethnical cleansing .
