  we were the owner . 
  it belonged to ottomans and then french and it went back to us, 
  true . 
  but we also call the southern part `` rum ( roman ) / greek part of southern cyprus '' one day they will unite but not today . 
  turkic yogurt , the only true yogurt . 
  eeh , they should stop fighting in theirselves first then lay claim on other country 's lands . 
  besides turks were the largest ethnic group anyway . 
  but yea it was annexed kind of a scummy way . 
  but it never belonged to them to begin with . 
  they should let go of it . 
  yogurt is of turkic . 
  ayran master race . 
   never recognise turkey as safe country what ? 
  wow i never realized we use that much of apostrophe :p we do it to make it more clear , most of the time it is linguistically wrong . 
  aand here turkish suffix for countries '' - eli '', 
  was expecting a refugee climbing up some random greek island . 
  disappointed ... ^ ^ :p, 
  wow . 
  what a horrible title . 
  you would have thought we invaded iraqi kurdistan or something ... 
  yes . 
  even he does n't care a kurdistan `` out '' of turkey 's borders . 
  a kurdish terrorist organization . 
  they conducted suicide bombings , kidnaps , arson and murders . 
  even iraqi kurdistan denounced them and told them to lay arms and cease operations in iraq . 
  another ignorant westerner . 
  no turkey is not bombing kurds . 
  i had enough of this evil turks bomb innocent kurds bull-fucking-shit . 
  no we bomb pkk , a terrorist organization and we will keep bombing them no matter what people think of us . 
  but its the biggest , most important and influential . 
  rojava on the other hand is too small to be significiant . 
  thats a bit hard to forget ... mostly it would be the other way around . 
  turkey has absolutely no problem with iraqi kurdistan . 
  why not ? 
  i was the school president , yarr harr durr , i am a true leader . 
  i can manage the company just like i managed a bunch of uni students, 
  that is the kind of su i like . 
  who are devoted to fun and lazy not studying nerds who want to be a part of su just so it can shine in their precious cv 's . 
  not the people but us government is generally hated . 
  no , because there isnt any . 
  if its short time dont bother visiting turkey . 
  if only they had lived in this country . 
  it is so easy to speak in their luxurious wealthy safe heavens . 
  i mean he speaks so courageous in his speeches . 
  he is a very strong leader . 
  acts like the true defender of turks and muslims . 
  i bet those european turks dont know anything beside his speeches in their country . 
  oh please do come here . 
  i wouldnt mind europeans here . 
  nobody would  but obviously , even i am trying to run from this shithole of a country and erdogan . 
  people tend to move from worser countries to better ones . 
  why would any german/british move to turkey ? 
  of course there will be some cases but thats it . 
  not a general flux . 
  we are hospital against foreigners . 
  i didnt know we dance terribly : /, 
  irrelevant comment above ^, 
  whoever said it , took the words out of my mouth . 
  ... but why ?? 
  it only depends on situation due to our geopolitical location . 
  turkey opens `` normal '' mosques . 
  you sir are pathetic !, 
  that one is obvious . 
  and someone who doesnt know much about turkic history i guess , 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  we are different from mongols . 
  you sound like a stupid turkish nationalist who believes everyone is turkish . 
  and what ? 
  he think we are brown ? 
  unbelievable ... 
   culturally they are european . 
  how so ? 
  what do you even know about turkish culture ? 
  okay . 
  keep believing that , 
  mongols are our relative . 
  we are both from central asia but we are not mongoloid . 
  thats some nationalist shit . 
  hungarians and finns arrived europe at a later date too . 
  do you not see them as european too ? 
  or is it typical anti-turkish circlejerk ? 
  or is it because we picked the wrong religion ? 
  governments change but you cant make money out of thin air , 
  and doing what ? 
  begging money from diaspora ? 
  lmao, 
  not to me . 
  facial hair , the way they wear , act . 
  there are a lot of giveaways . 
   that 's rich coming from a descendat of the ottoman empire . 
  wow . 
  unbelievable ... . i am speechless, 
  i dont . 
  if i could wipe out islam , i would . 
  we do more than enough thanks to erdogan ... 
  it doesnt matter . 
  we are not rich like western europe and i sure as hell dont wany ignorant conservative islamist syrians which could take our society back a few decades . 
  why wouldnt we let them pass to europe ? 
  you guys love to point out that we are not `` european '' why should we act as your gatekeeper while you alienate us in any way possible ? 
  why should we worsen ourselves just so you can keep peacefully live in your countries ?
