  you cant just simply think with your 21st century logic . 
  british and french were massacre-ing because they were in opposing sects of the same religion whereas you could peacefully live in ottoman empire and do whatever you wanted to as long as you pay your tax . 
  ottomans did not care what their people did !, 
  its non muslim citizens were treated as 2nd class citizens i am not denying that but they could live and practise their religion whereas christians were killing christians in the west because they were not in the right path of christianity !, 
  why the fuck we came here ? 
  blame mongols , we were running away from them . 
  plus war happens , civilizations enlarge and we are faar more indigenous people rather than our turkish roots . 
  yes we were the victims of the balkan wars i could not have been here if my great grandparent had failed to flee but i dont ask for what he has left behind , do i ? 
  now everyone has to gulp down the fact that this is our home now and nothing will change that fact including your hatress . 
  yea we are literally worse than hitler . 
  world will be a better place if we all die right now . 
  see ? 
  why would we burn a valuable port city ? 
  your army followed a scorched earth policy and burned wherever they spotted during your retreat . 
  izmir was just one of them . 
  use your logic ffs . 
  we should be the one hating you for damaging us soo much but we dont . 
  armenians do they are crazy about turkey . 
  they want property ( as if it was possible ) money , land whatever . 
  most of the people still hold us responsible for the great fire of smyrna and we dont ask reperations for what happened in balkans . 
  my wealthy great grandfather fled from bulgaria to save his own life i dont sue or hate bulgarians now or ask them to give me money or property . 
  whats that ? 
  no sane guy would say that ? 
  our cunterdogan pulled a stunt to get attention and made it and he said muslims not turks . 
  he doesnt care about turks all he cares is muslims, 
  it is all about armenians nobody knows this where more turks were killed than armenians any many more forced to run leaving their everything behind . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims plus massacres were conducted by local kurdish beys mostly . 
  haha . 
  scandinavians cant live together ? 
  you should not even try balkans :d, 
  we have not forgotten the first balkan war ... 
  hypocrisy as always . 
  they still see us as `` you dont belong in here , go back to central asia '' but they defend tatars because its against russia . 
  idk what they would do if russians attacked us . 
  ( which will never happen for now ), 
  so do you still ride camels ? 
  f *** you too random omegler . 
  are finnish men so emotionless ? 
  doesnt matter we will send immigrants through greece , 
  ours is the root . 
  we have bo\u011fma rak\u0131 ( a branch of rak\u0131 ) which is similar to rakia afaik . 
  economic crisis . 
  they are only recovering now . 
  syrians , middle easterns . 
  i am ok with christians from there but all of them are hardcore muslims , we cant deal with them . 
  so we flow some of them to europe . 
  no no thats the problem . 
  we still have the brain drain problem . 
  valuable people out , invaluable ( not being racist , you got the idea ) people who hold us back and live with backwards retarded ( yes retarded ) mentality in . 
  yes our equally ( or worse , yeah worse ) retarded asshole erdogan is letting them in . 
  more people getting stupid more votes he gets . 
  god i hate him so much . 
  none of the government before has caused that much damage , it will take decades to repair ( if we can ) the damage . 
  for gods sake dont . 
  we already have a **** load of immigrants . 
  we cant take anymore !, 
  you are so far away from them , go take some we cant deal anymore \u00fcber conservative religious nutjob arabs . 
  yea thats the spirit !, 
  soooo european ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ , 
  grrr , hrrr , drrr . 
  these are all our food . 
  kebab best dish , rak\u0131 best beverage ^ ^ ^ ^ :d, 
  well i would immigrate to usa or canada if i had a chance haha . 
  people in canada are better whereas the cities are better in usa imo . 
  oh yea i have forgotten we are not even european lol . 
  yeaa too cold . 
  even though it barely snows where i live so i like snow but i know it will be overwhelming in canada , still a great country . 
  and french is mainly in quebec afaik . 
  toronto is a better alternative for living . 
  canada is literally british sweden . 
  ( or so i know ), 
  yurop at least has history unlike america . 
  i bet my 20 turkish liras that we will be the least liked country ( maybe ) after rossiya . 
  nobody would call them turkish city if it existed 5k years ago as well as not greek/armenian/assyriam / syrian/bulgarian/georgian / russian bla bla bla ... 
  but just so you know modern day turkish citizens are far more indigenous than turkic . 
  why ? 
  us and canada are pretty good . 
  god !, 
  i am so sick of this !, 
  stop blaming us for every damn thing happened . 
  we turks have a terrible record ? 
  really ???? 
  in your mind we are the greatest evil of everything ? 
  are you even correleating this to the armenian genocide ?!, 
  that is so european !, 
  blame the evil turks for every god damn thing . 
  ask a sane greek and even he will accept that they burned the city just like the cities and villages they have burned before that . 
  we had no , let me repeat no reason to burn the city . 
  why for gods sake would we burn a very important city ? 
  we were already a very weak country from the beginning , with nothing to use . 
  `` finally , turkish insistence that the greeks pay reparations to turkey for war damage in izmir almost led to a renewal of turco-greek hostilities . 
  [ 26 ] on 24 april the greek delegation threatened to walk out of the conference on saturday , the 26th , if the turks had not accepted the greek offer of karaa\u011fa\u00e7 in lieu of reparations . 
  mustafa kemal intervened , and his government agreed that \u0130smet could accept karaaga\u00e7 in lieu of reparations if this was coupled with a favorable settlement of the remaining questions . '', 
  this is from the lausanne treaty . 
  why would you pay reperations for something you havent done ? 
  all this bullshit started with evil turks rheotic . 
  they are denying armenian genocide but its true , they are denying fire of izmir so it must be true as well logic is wrong . 
  you can read it on wiki about lausanne conference if you are interested . 
  but despite everything let me guess , still we burned that beautiful city , right ? 
  not them who made this shown as a `` holy duty '' against infidels .
