  haha ... 
  my point was uk being `` middle-sized '' uk is a world power . 
  they may not be shining as bright as they used to be but they are still a strong economy . 
  india , china may have strong/fast developing economies but does that wealth touch their citizens ? 
   mid-sized economy in the middle of the atlantic ocean lol . 
  nope, 
  i thought gay relationships had 2 `` man '', 
  british is a world power . 
  turkey is a regional power . 
  rest is british and roc . 
  a regional power . 
  i thought fag was cigarette for brits and a derogatory term for gays for everyone else . 
  but ok ... 
  well they liked the tulips in sultan 's garden . 
  so they got our seeds and then they perfected it somehow and now they are world-known for tulips . 
  middle east ? 
  i dont care if you declare turkey non-european . 
  but middle east ? 
  please ... 
  not even government can stop gifting alcohol . 
  the ban is that shops can not sell christmas/new year packages with alcohol in it . 
  but they can still seperately buy it . 
  very retarded law , aims nothing but to restrict alcohol consumption on religious ideas . 
  i would rather have trnc than to enter eu . 
  no i dont support erdogan . 
  and you shouldnt even have gotten in to the union in the first place . 
  greece like another spoiled brat forced cyprus to enter . 
  cyprus shouldnt have been accepted to eu with their special situation . 
  dutchfag ? 
  its not like we `` invented '' the tulip but we brought it to dutch and other europeans . 
  turkey would have been a much better place if we were admitted back in 2011 . 
  before he got crazy . 
  i would want it in a perfect universe too but it is completely and utterly impossible . 
  even if turkey magically becomes completely democratic with high human rights , press freedom etc etc. . . it will not happen . 
  because of our population we will have a huge influencd in the eu . 
  ( a bit less than germany and france ( ? ) ), 
  and they would never want that . 
  that is why uk wants in as well . 
  they are counting us as allies and a power they can use against france and germany when needed . 
  so its because of political reasons we will never get in . 
  but instead of outright rejecting eu always says `` not today '' which makes me angry . 
  eu was a wet dream to unite europe under federal states and its horribly failing anyway . 
  so they can suck up their precious union . 
  yea i know !, 
  ^ ( and i have seen your little trick with `` europeans '' and `` turks '' ), 
  we have 2-3 million refugees . 
  border countries never had that much . 
  well you dont have much maneuvor room in turkish . 
  lit ( h ) vanya - lithuania letonya - latvia if we simplfy litvanya if would sound something similar to letonya : /, 
  he is a georgian . 
  georgians produced yet another shitty leader after stalin . 
  i like them but why do dis g\u00fcrc\u00fcler ? 
  because we are acting like your gatekeeper even though we are not a member of your precious union . 
  unless you dont want your precious cities to be flooded with immigrants you got ta listen us . 
  okay !, 
  searching for a turk who gives the slightest f * ck ... islamists ... ... 404 not found nationalists ... 404 not found leftists ... ... .404 not found, 
  of course numbers arent everthing . 
  but we arent fighting with ak-47s . 
  we have a pretty modern army . 
  even if we were to fight against russia one-on-one we would hold for a while and make it costly for them . 
  of course , not indefinitely . 
  which is true . 
  i mean even if islamist idiots were simply `` gone '' from turkey we would still not be accepted to eu . 
  because ... * reasons * edit : i can comment ?!?!?!? 
  i dont have any personal issue with armenians . 
  i hope both communities reconcile and live peacefully . 
  but i cant stand genocidegenocidegenocidegenocide people . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  even europe human rights told me i could say anything . 
  you moderator , will ban me ? 
  how `` european '', 
  i am not a crazy nationalist . 
  so its not freedom of speech if he doesnt agree with you ? 
  where will you draw the line ? 
  yea , of course you would . 
  why are we trying to be friendly against a bunch off assholes who wish seljuks disappeared before they made to europe ? 
  screw eu . 
  they are alienating us . 
  we must seek closer relations with russia and abandon eu, 
  i dont agree with you most of the time but at least you are solid guy when it comes to ataturk . 
  i think he was even too kind to idiots . 
  he shouldnt have just get rid of them he should have also killed his children and relatives . 
  pea doesnt drop far away from the tree . 
  read lord curzon 's book . 
  he didnt but the hate is there nonetheless because he was turkish . 
  you are right . 
  the reason is some islamist thinkers influenced that area a lot throughout history such as mevlana . 
  now i would be okay if they minded their own business but they do not . 
  it was ethnic cleansing . 
  and what do you think the people at ottoman empire knew what was going on let alone approve it ? 
  oe was ruled with 3 pasha regime . 
  they wanted to relocate them not to kill them . 
  oe was a hell at that time . 
  murders , wars happening everywhere in the country . 
  how did you expect them to protect them where they couldnt even protrct their own country . 
  do you think ottoman empire was stable at that time ? 
  deaths were the most normal thing that could happen . 
  a wild serb appears numbers do not matter . 
  intention does . 
  ottoman 's intention was ethnic cleansing ( still brutal ) not to mass murder them .
