  empire itself can be european but you cant literally say `` it was done in europe '' because that implies geography and geographically no it was done in asia not europe . 
  iznik is in asian side ... 
  the editing was done in nicae . 
  modern day \u0130znik , turkey . 
  why would i be offended ? 
  all i can say is that you are very lucky to have gotten away from this stupid country and live in a prosperous country . 
  thank your turk parent for not being born in this 3rd world country . 
  oh ... a russian then . 
  got it :p, 
  half turk , half what ? 
  you are already gigantic . 
  what else do you really need ? 
  you are the world 's superpower . 
  you are already at top . 
  ooh i see . 
  thanks . 
   muslims were not allowed to serve or drink alcohol lol mate . 
  you cant stop people from drinking . 
  just like there are muslims drinking in sa and iran right now there were muslims who were drinking too, 
  isnt it bosniak ? 
  you are delusional beyond words . 
  go live in your murderous turks vs secular kurds world . 
  i am done reasoning with you . 
  you have completely lost it . 
   secular ethnic kurdish citizens in silvan . 
  for fucks sake . 
  you just cant cut this shit . 
  can you ? 
  blame them . 
  not me : s, 
  haha , you are right , sorry :p, 
  tax paying . 
  kurds simply do their best to avert tax and se regions have the highest ratio of unpaid electricity bills . 
  so government gives them 70 units of money but only takes 1 unit back as income . 
  they are a burden to the western taxpayer . 
  unfortunately i dont represent turkish government and the problem is turkish kurds dont even want independence anymore ( i wish they did ) they just want autonomy which is even far worse than current situation since they will only suck more money without giving anything back . 
  and kurds have their party and deputies in the turkish parliament . 
  they can very well represent theirselves . 
  they can take their useless lands and do whatever they want . 
  they should be he ones wanting to stick with us . 
  they have been nothing but a problem . 
  we give kurdish city of hakkari 70 , yet they only give 1 back . 
  nothing lasts forever . 
  wonder what they gon na do when their oil money ends . 
  6 upvotes 4 downvotes . 
  swap pkk with hamas and turkey with israel and this would be all over / r/europe . 
  but now its just another unnoticed ~ ~ civilian ~ ~ isis member casualty by ~ ~ terrorists ~ ~ secular leftist human rights protector freedom fighters . 
  we can take marmara , aegean and mediterranean . 
  they can take black sea ( except a few bits ) , central , eastern and southeastern anatolia . 
   will reportedly pay a whopping $ 18 million for his stay there  the saudi king will be staying at mardan palace , which is known to be ** the most expensive luxury resort in europe and the mediterranean region **, 
  because we are a completely different country . 
  yea !, 
  i mean we gave balkans kebab and stuff why do they hate us ? 
  i dont really . 
  let us move on . 
  i dont . 
  but the muslims were sending all of their children if there was no other possible solution . 
  they had to . 
  and yea `` christian '' things dont work that way buddy . 
  they were protestant you were orthodox . 
  it would be just another useless religious war . 
  and times were like that . 
  that was how world worked centuries ago . 
  of course thats not `` okay '' right now in 21st century . 
  colonizers ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  they were living there for god damn centuries !, 
  and worst 99 % of the time they were your neighbours who converted to islam . 
  relatively , to uk . 
  only ? 
  are you kidding yourself ??!, 
  dont you know what the hell happened to indigenous people ? 
  yea grass is always greener on the other side . 
  but its so damn terrific that you can even say that . 
  and no you would be just as heavily taxated as you were during ottomans . 
  as for blood tax , yea but on the other side christians were completely exempt of military . 
  so yea you were giving your first son but at least you could do more and live with them . 
  but with turks if you had no money , occupation or simply a villager you would have to go to military and die possibly never to come back ... at least not as whole . 
  `` unfortunately '' dont worry you killed , displaced most of them . 
  including my own grand grandparents . 
  yea . 
  of course !, 
  lets compare centuries of turkish rule vs a few decades but very very intense british rule . 
  look at the map british went and then compare their indigenous population . 
  they killed their language , culture and people . 
  but of course yea !, 
  everyone hop on the turkish hate wagon !!, 
  i was talking about british rule over india not diamond thievery . 
  we can not be held responsible for ottoman empire 's actions . 
  yea that goes even farther . 
  and what about them ? 
  they `` removed '' their turkish populations . 
  look at all those hypocritic westerners who are peak of their human rights , culture and power having fun with weak brown india . 
  they have fun now but when it comes to turks everyone goes crazy and tells them to pay reperations . 
  irrelevant . 
  timeframe is so different . 
  yea . 
  fairly better than yours but unfortunately being `` better '' doesnt mean having a `` better outcome '', 
  lol . 
  british empire was built on top of other 's miseries and you are whitewashing it ?
