  the rate is far lower then that , which is the big problem . 
  its around 20-30 , and lets not forget how long it actually takes for some to exhaust his legal rights and get deported, 
  i actually agree with how france is handling the whole shitshow , its not like anyone else is doing better, 
  some did , but not most of the main ones . 
  like zdf/ard , the spiegel and so on . 
  some did , but not most of the main ones . 
  like zdf/ard , the spiegel and so on . 
  the reason why people think that a cover up was planned is that for the first 2 days or so nobody reported about it , and it proably felt to some people that the news needed to be forced to report about it . 
  how could germany take all the immigrants ? 
  suggestons welcome, 
  yeah , but it too 3 days for that too happen, 
  o please , what do you expect them to do with the camps ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  the rest still goes to the afd tough . 
  which is going to happen one way or another . 
  there are just too many different views at the moment, 
  which is going to happen one way or another . 
  there are just too many different views at the moment, 
  they can deny your navy areas just fine . 
  but their force projection is proably lacking, 
  `` will take them and go back to our region , '' he said . 
  `` i wo n't allow one of my daughters to have a relationship with a young man under the guise of friendship . 
  and i ca n't imagine myself sitting in the spectator chair if my son decides to drink alcohol . 
  everything is allowed there , and i ca n't possibly go on like this . '', 
  and there is also no credible threat there . 
  no other politican that most people could vote for . 
  there is just merkel . 
  its a bit of a crisis in our political system at the moment . 
  obviously its not as easy as that . 
  but if i see how she gets a standing ovation by her party when she absolutely changes nothing and then compare it to reaction to speeches in russia to the time of stalin , then similarities are there, 
  we not managing it well at all, 
  give greektide !, 
  i am christian , but more of a moderate one, 
  i believe it when i see it, 
  i would love to watch a stream of it, 
  of course they do , and then if they get rejected they also got a big community they can find help and work in . 
  or contact the embassys itself . 
  your call tough, 
  its seems like a not well done questionaire , considering there is a interest in answering more favourably and no verification done . 
  also there is proably a answer bias , because obviously not everyone will want to answer . 
  was the same with the greek crisis , just blame the zermans, 
  i adds nothings to the discussion , so yes , why post it . 
  spoiler : i doubt he will take only that , given how favourable is position is , but maybe the last weeks changed things a bit, 
  georgia and ukraine were and are not neutral , so that is a rather bad argument , exspecially since in the ukraine a coup happened . 
  i am not suprised that countries prefer to go west , just please do n't be suprised if russia is n't happy about it . 
  i disagree , i think she is a disaster for the most part . 
  and the reason her party has such a approval still is because there is simply noone else you could vote for and people have not realized the cost and results of the whole adventure . 
  it 's a good post , but proably the wrong sub . 
  this r/europe , anything to refers to any refugees as a extremely good / bad will get nothing but downvotes , i 'm afraid . 
  because if you are against unlimited immgration you are a racist , and if you are pro immigration you are `` insane '' . 
  but lets cirlcejerk a bit more , please ? 
  i agree with you there , there is a bit of gold , but most of it is just bad, 
  i actually think its hilarious , but ok ... 
  by the way how all previous alarms went , its proably going to nothing again . 
  yes , but the csu/cdu quickly took the wind out of their sails by doing the `` atomaustieg '' . 
  does not seem like merkel is going to do the same about the immigrants, 
  i think they call it a `` border enhancing security system '' :d, 
  a loft of them are also left wing, 
  pretty much , and sadly the opposition parties are not much bettter, 
  they also say they need to register in the first save country . 
  guess what . 
  are you sure that he did this solo ? 
  nope . 
  at least in germany itself , their is nation wide system that does that . 
  which is why they get away with it, 
  they either protest or they simply leave , take on a different name and register again hoping to get somewhere beter . 
  they do n't get ayslum there , trying england is the next step, 
  it also includes protest for example, 
  but there are a lot of islamic believers in turkey to my understanding which desire a more islamic turkey and he is exactly delivering that . 
  its very sad to see erdogans cynical tactics work out . 
  i can understand why people vote for him , but if he wins now it will be on the deaths of a lot of people, 
  but immigrants are are brought to the different countries by the k\u00f6nigsstein key , not by vacany, 
  this was discussed a bit in / r/austria and if you read the article , he was bascially overreacting a lot and apperently just likes to play the victim card, 
  because there are still lots of ways to get out of it . 
  there low deportation numbers do n't come from nowwhere . 
  i think your poor jokes against germans are hate speech , therefore your survey post should be banned . 
  your move mods !, 
  last time they denied it too :d, 
  i agree with you on the part that merkel is still very popular . 
  but i also think thats partly because we have n't really seen the negative effects , and because merke has systemactically destroyed the alternative options . 
  because we ca n't save the whole world . 
  life is n't fair , thats how it fucking goes . 
  not for me , not for you . 
  sure it makes sense for them do it , does not mean i have to support it, 
  the comment about merkel having no plan is on the point really . 
  she is a good politican but a bad leader . 
  the offical staticstics only show the ones that are already here and if people eritrea are economic migrants is disscuable . 
  one way or another the problem is going to get a lot worse , if they are legitimate aslyum seekers . 
  were n't before , thats true , but they are coming now too . 
  imagine them spending millions of pounds on anyone but assange . 
  we should really do that busticket thing . 
  could get hilarious . 
  her support is dropping tough . 
  wow , that is something i never expected from mutti, 
  sure , sure . 
  that what she is saying now . 
  somewhere the money will come from . 
  either a new tax , more debt , or money will be taken from other things . 
  lot of bullshit it is, 
  finally someone is doing something about it .
