i am talking about the wider context of things . 
  the police union warned that there are places where the police is n't in control anymore and so on . 
  that part is true . 
  i do n't think giving the ecb more is a good idea , exspecially since a lot of things in the finanical systems are still national matters . 
  which is precisdely why i hate the idea of a eu wide deposit safety system, 
  no she said that germany would n't send syrians back to hungary and the like . 
  then bring them somewhere we there is more space , why do they need to live in berlin, 
  maybe so far , question is how long thats going to stay that way . 
  right now most people are still in the feel good phase if anything , once the reality hits i doubt it will stay that way, 
  there was ongoing efforts already back when i was still going to school . 
  its never going to happen . 
  our very own police is way to far up their ass for a ban to get trough . 
  germany is not different then austria in that regard, 
  no , but they think they got more moneyyy, 
  after talks with the property manager the asylum seeker stopped their plan , there was no hunger strike . 
  there was no police intervention . 
  thats what the last sentences said . 
  you might want to try reading the article . 
  and thus the 314 germany is bad circlejerk begins . 
  quality discussion with comparision to hitler and ww1 and other great discussion points show how its done . 
  in german something like that is called `` stammtisch-diskussion '' , because its that good . 
  nobody said they would be female : /, 
  do they ? 
  in case of east europeans for example , back were they came from, 
  most immigrants are good connected , i doubt many of them will run into minefields, 
  leave for greener pastures, 
  nope , i think that would be a benefit too, 
  sounds quite good, 
  allow me to disagree , we should take our gold back , if its still there at all . 
  i think you are missing the point a bit . 
  while there is a certainly a influx form the far right , its also that some people are taking a more conserativ position towards immigrants , while not being far right otherwise . 
  just calling everyone a nazi does it a disservice . 
  soon rioting in a town near you, 
  so germany ? 
  i apologize if i offended you sir , but it does feel a bit to me like that . 
  its a pub-level discussion at the moment , exspecially coming from users from eastern countries . 
  quite sad . 
  about 13 %, 
  i was thinking of that too when reading the news, 
  well if we go by / r/europe , then germany is at fault for everything since slizzed pizza . 
  so i have my doubts about that . 
  easy , they have none . 
  thank you for this post , very helpful, 
  yes , but i doubt she has the balls to do that . 
  chances , she is trying to ignore the problem until it goes away . 
  lets just blame germany for everything yes ? 
  the worst thing i have seen this long time coming . 
  they did n't have a plan previously and now merkel gives that kind of speech . 
  its retarded . 
  germany ca n't either apperently, 
  i think she vastly underestimated what effect her little speech would have . 
  works for me , transylivana, 
  i agree with this statement . 
  if you only want to receive , but not give , then maybe this union was meant to fail anyway . 
  good guy 8chanlovesyou . 
  but too many politicans do what the us wants, 
  see . 
  this explains your position much better then `` have a broader scope '' . 
  maybe its you who needs a broader scope because i do n't see in your post no argument against d clausel having a bias in his moderation . 
  its terrible and it will end badly . 
  we ca n't take that many immigrants from a completely culture no matter how right it sounds . 
  exspecially since many of them are economic immigrants . 
  our goverment ( germany ) does not seem to have any plan at all . 
  i fear if we get a economic crisis or there are attack by islamic terroits the mood will turn sour . 
  i guess the eu onlyy suits most eastern countries when we give them money . 
  i guess the eu is fucked . 
  you are giving yourselfes too much credit, 
  i am proably in the minority but i think its better to have them to increase our food safety . 
  with merkel they gone much more into the mid , then intot he right spectrum, 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the problem is a lot balkan nationals are coming to germany to make money because they seem to get a lot of benefits , partly in cash . 
  obviously they are abusing the system and we want to put an end to that . 
  i think they just realised how majorly they fucked up and trying to bring the cat back into the box , but i just does n't work that way, 
  do n't forget the germans that were forced to flee after the war , because parts of germany were given to other countries . 
  how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  every day a few times how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  every day a few times what country are you normally resident in ? 
  austria / germany do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  german native what interests you about europe ? 
  there are soo many different cultures what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  favourite thing is really reading post from people all over europe . 
  least favourite thing is the black / white thinking some user show . 
  do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  because if i can complain about them then i might as well offer my help why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  i like to think that i have a open mind and can be very calm about things do you have any expirence with statistics , datamining or reddit bots ? 
  what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  it was n't updated for one and it seemed rather forced , leading to a lot disagreement and little discussion , maybe the moderators should have forced a discussion by making discussion topics / questions . 
  there seemed to be a lack of moderation . 
  what 's one weakness you have ? 
  would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain wh woman . 
  my teacher is a woman , whos stage name is `` pussy cat '' and who comes from a country in europe, 
  we are because she refuses to see that her solution is not going to work . 
  and if the coalition would fall apart , i am not so sure about that . 
  i do n't the spd wants that either . 
  better than germany getting fucked .
