  its the result of merkel having destroyed any policital opossition to her . 
  quite the interesting article , unfortunately the finanical problems are currently secondary to the immigration news . 
  i think they are getting desperate, 
  georgia was interested in joining the nato if i remember correcty . 
  its not going to stay that way , the 3200 number is the number of immigrants per day austria is going to let to germany every day , and this number is going to that big in the next months . 
  a bottle of water he meant . 
  just a mistake nothing more . 
  yes , but they are n't really goverment material , most people will vote for them because every other party is pro immigration, 
  yet is the keyword . 
  by using the military or the police . 
  yes it will , but i am afraid what it needs to get anything done . 
  currently everyone just sends the immigrantions to us and says its our problem , only us closing our borders will change that . 
  we do n't let any immigrants in from austria . 
  that triggers a reaction from the other states which will close the border in macediona . 
  sure , people will still get trough . 
  but the flow will be stopped for the most part . 
  its about sending a message . 
  well , yes . 
  at least short-term . 
  of course the immigrants-flow is going to reduce sharply once immigrants hear that they will be stuck in greece and will try via italy , but sure , its not going to be nice . 
  but there no viable easy options left . 
  wo n't be happening . 
  that idea is dead . 
  i do n't understand why people insist on beating a dead horse ? 
  close the borders . 
  its a workable solution , not a great one , but one that might be needed . 
  they also said that about the automaut . 
  guess what happened . 
  they have no money i guess and most likely to corrupt to get anything done . 
  soon . 
  yes and no , its simply so they can be processed properly , but the problem is germany does n't want the immigrants anymore too . 
  but since they apperently do not want to say that publicy they get pissed at the countries delivering them to their doorstep , while not taking many themselves . 
  not stupid , just paranoid . 
  you mean british being arrogant and overvaluing themselves ? 
  yeah , you got that covered for sure . 
  i would rather bet on texas . 
  on a other note is it just me or is the fearmongering getting a tad ridiculous ? 
  easy to say when you are sitting on an island . 
  why the fuck do you think germany did what it did ? 
  obviously not to help italy and greece , o wait !, 
  i did . 
  you can fault a lot on germany if you desire but this one you ca n't . 
  i think you are overthinking this . 
  do you truly think refugees are going to continue to come to greece if they get stuck there ? 
  spoiler : they wo n't, 
  there was , but the csu/cdu went in to the middle , and now is taking policies from the fucking left . 
  they simply got to much power to long . 
  it will work most likely , but it will fuck greece over . 
  to a degree its about sending a message . 
  the problem with most research in that regards is that assumes a way different art of immigration then which is happening right now . 
  i believe it when i see it . 
  so never . 
  depends on how long they can that once all the immigrants come their way, 
  on a second tought i overreacted a bit . 
  it could set an precedent , but since its a lower court , it could be overruled by a higher court . 
  of course we do n't know if it will go that high . 
  and the insanity goes on and on . 
  while do understand why what this decision , i do think we can ill afford to continue like that . 
  somtimes you just have to let it go . 
  well why not ? 
  if you are n't part of the eurozone then you are ` t. 
  simple as that . 
  not necessairy , they simply say they under the age of 18 even if they are n't . 
  its more likely to work then not . 
  and its not like unicef is going to check, 
  of course they are . 
  because then it happened in an more of a organized manner and the exsisting infastructure still exsisted . 
  if russia crashes now , by design thing are going to get pretty bad and possibly chaotic . 
  besides now they are lot of more actors who might take atvantage of such a chaos then there were then . 
  i argue it was a complete different situation when the soviet union crashed . 
  it was a completely different ball game then its now . 
  thats why i think a that people that wish russia crashes are extremely shortsighted . 
  russia has lots of fucking nuclear weapons . 
  you apperently do not know what an apartheid state truly is . 
  she wanted to be more then just a chancellor , she wanted to be one of the big ones , a pan german figure . 
  no matter the cost . 
  and is the reason why any wide reaching concession might destroy the eu anway . 
  because then everyone wants their own stuff, 
  sure , but it would have even worse, 
  what do you think how it would have looked if they had invited everyone but the afd ? 
  that was only option they had left without losing face . 
  army . 
  but i see no other options other then that or reducing immigrant payments to nothing . 
  i am sorry , but you need to realistic here . 
  the quota system has not enough political support behind it to work . 
  so the only option really left is closing the borders . 
  you already can see this in the ukraine , where the right wing paramilitary groups have become quite well armed and could get the potential of starting a civil war, 
  who could close the eu borders ? 
  sorry , but this is as retarded as it gets . 
  yes , merkel made it worse , but the immigrants wave started way before her speech . 
  was n't after the revolution in ukraine either , yet nobody cared, 
  for me , `` a part of my answer would just make you worry so i rather say nothing '' is close second, 
  not for the first days, 
  did n't you hear about the wars in europe at the moment ? 
  the title is only a qoute from a german minister , the article itself is actually pretty good and worth reading, 
  you forget the point noting events of the silvester night that are not further specified also the police did report helping the security according to welt.de . 
  overall of course you are right to be sceptic , i am too , because it seems soo insane . 
  i guess only time will tell if there is something on it or not, 
  the rate is far lower then that , which is the big problem . 
  its around 20-30 , and lets not forget how long it actually takes for some to exhaust his legal rights and get deported,
