well , you can clean it ? 
  nope, 
  yes, 
  the truck driver is approaching a 3-way crossing , from left , there is a nigger on a bicycle , the other way was also clear of traffic ... 
  for 35 $ a month i get unlimited calls and texts with 20gb of data in the speeds up to 150mbit/s . 
  this is a contract that i can change when i want or end in 30 days . 
  i can do whatever i want with my data , can you even regulate that ? 
  eu roaming will be removed by a new law that states that you wo n't have to pay extra for the use of your phone in the eu . 
  can confirm . 
  called `` kollo '' in general . 
  medical , no . 
  alot of other work ? 
  yes, 
  2 sek for plastic , 2,50 sek for small paper bag and 3 sek for big paper bag . 
  i re-use my bags as trash bags . . 
  clothing stores are starting to charge for bags as well . 
  did anyone try a google search with the images ? 
  let europol know at the site as well . . 
  dishwasher, 
  just check out our king over at / r/sweden we love him, 
  that !, 
  is a well written response . 
  but !, 
  you missed dental . 
  we celebrate it with a lot of chicken feathers that decorate our homes . 
  then we boil the unborn chicken offsprings and let the kids paint the eggs in different colors . 
  later on , we hide fake eggs filled with candy and tell the kids that a hare has hidden them and they need to find them . 
  oh and we drink `` p\u00e5skmust '' as well . 
  for dinner we have herring and salmon with potatoes , sourcream and onion . 
  meatballs also occurs . 
  we also drink schnapps and sings hilarious songs to it . 
  all of this to remember that jesus was nailed to the cross ... 
  living in sweden . 
  been saving money in a private fund for years , only 28 years old so it will make a nice difference when i retire . 
  other than that i have the standard pension from the government that is funded by taxes . 
  also my employer saves money for me when i get older than 30 . 
  the prognosis right now looks really good . 
  it 's called `` mjukost '' and is a soft cheese spread for bread and crackers . 
  it 's often flavored with something thats not found in cheese , like ham , and is a quick way to make a sandwich . 
  some of them are tasty , others ... not so much . 
  in swedish , the following scenario gives you right to type five `` and '' ( och ) in a row : a local store sells fruit and vegetables and wants a sign that says `` frukt och gr\u00f6nt '' ( fruit and vegetables in swedish ) outside of the store . 
  * '' ( essentialy : i want a bigger space between fruit and and and and and vegetables ), 
  what he said, 
  i would say : * iphone 7 * iphone 6s plus * samsung s7 edge * samsung s7, 
  i have bought an apartment with loaned money , and as the market is in sweden you have an association ( bostadsr\u00e4ttsf\u00f6rening in swedish ) that owns real estate you live in . 
  and you pay rent to this association for all things on the real estate outside of your walls . 
  like water , heat , maintenance , tv , internet , etc. 
  and the you pay back the money to the bank ... 
  if you own a house , you only pay mortgage . 
  about 30 % ( rent + mortgage ) , after tax . 
  i still say it to all of them . . 
  also , volkswagen : folka bmw : beemer ( and the nsfw version : kokainsl\u00e4de , witch translates to cocain sled ) volvo : sossecontainer ( socialist container , as in shipping container ) mitsubishi : mucho bitchi ( just a big bitch ) subaru : subba ( swedish for bitch ) volkswagen beetle : bubbla ( bubble ) mercedes ( nsfw version ) : zigenarsl\u00e4de ( gipsy sled ) any rear wheel drive car with the soul purpose of drifting in the snow when it 's winter : vinterpulka ( essentialy winter sled ) . 
  we do n't ... 
  here in sweden you have to pay if u are honest , or they know for a fact that you do n't pay ... 
  `` must pay '' and if you do n't pay ? 
  if you put stockings over your black and white tv , it will turn in to a color tv . 
  post lady - brevb\u00e4rare , yes . 
  but not the parcel dudes . 
  no never the guys with paket, 
  she actually did n't have to since our limit is 0,2 % but she felt that she was not trustworthy after that and resigned by herself . 
  at least your postal service delivers parcels to your home . 
  our does not even try ... 
  rather have a big case of soda in the hall than a big nasty cut in the dick ... 
  * just the right amount * ombudsman and sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord is other words i think . 
  i know that some have become `` loan-words '' or l\u00e5neord in swedish . 
   is the grocery store/bank/drug store and such all within a mile of so of all the houses ? 
  are we talking about large cities or suburban areas ? 
  i live in stockholm ( our capital ) , and work in s\u00f6dert\u00e4lje wich is 30km away . 
  we begin with where i live . 
  i live in a suburb south of the city center and have a 4 min walk to my local square that has restaurants , pharmacy , grocery store , gym , real estate agents , postal services , bank , atm , health care , bus terminal , comuter trains and more . 
  i can take the bus to all other suburbs near me , subways or the city center . 
  i can take the comuter train to all ends of stockholm and i have maybe 1km to on of our biggest highways . 
  on my way to work i pass several big shopping centers . 
  where i work , there are almost the same services as where i live . 
  i also have a good connection to the bicycle network around here . 
  close to nature and recreational areas . 
  welcome to sweden . 
   no , it 's just an old custom . 
  in most other european countries almost all the land was private and owned by someone , usually nobles . 
  but up here in the north we did n't have a very strong nobility and lots of land , so the peasants managed to keep their rights to use it . 
  i think that 's the gist of it anyway . 
  from the beginning it was a law that dictated that anyone who travels in sweden could pick hazelnuts on anyone 's land for food . 
  i can give a view from industrial sector . 
  i have worked with this in more than 10 years , most of the businesses have the same schedule with some local variations . 
  assembly work is usually between 0700-1600 , with 1 hour break , usually split up in two breaks , breakfast and lunch . 
  also 2 shift is common , ranging from 0630-1430 and 1430-2230 . 
  machining sector can vary alot . 
  usually 3 shift , with a maximum of 9 hours of shift . 
  but also 4 shift ( work 1 out of 4 weekends ) and 5 shift ( work 5 days , lay of 5 days , no matter what day it is ) . 
  none of the shifts has more than 9 hours of work time . 
  but they range from morning , evening and night . 
  but , there are other complex forms as well . 
  foundry and logistics work also applies to machining . 
  depending on the demand and capacity . 
  i believe prips , falcon and \u00c5bro is just as popular as they are common as `` stor stark '' on the pub . 
  but there are several beers from these brands , so you have to be more specific . 
  most popular 2015 : http://mittkok.expressen.se/olen-som-salde-mest-i-sverige-under-2015-lista/ mariestad export . 
  but is it the best ? 
  not by a long shot, 
  free healthcare .
