if you 're gon na spout buzzwords , might as well get them right . 
  eh , it depends on the way they 're being used . 
  i more meant ` occupying forces ' by ground troops , and a uav ca n't occupy a city ( yet ) . 
   terrorist diaspora that 's an odd term to use which i personally have never heard before , and i do n't think it 's a good term to use . 
  ` terrorist diaspora ' implies that these terrorists are somehow being created in syria , and then coming into europe . 
  in reality , many of these terrorists are first or second generation immigrants living in europe , who build strong ties to islamism while living in their home nations , and then travel to syria for training or to fight for isis before coming back again . 
  if it was n't syria , it would be somewhere else - even another european nation where security is more relaxed . 
  it 's not that what he 's saying is n't correct , it just seems to ignore the fact that a lot of the danger is coming from ~ ~ in the house ~ ~ europe . 
   i do n't get it , obama is `` neocon '' ? 
  well , yeah , in some respects . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's due to the language barrier , but i think you misunderstand the term : neocon does not mean social conservative , and does not necessarily mean right-wing - in fact , it has its roots in the anti-stalinist left . 
  it generally refers to those who endorse ` hawkish ' foreign policy , with a specific focus on ` bringing democracy ' to the rest of the world , and unconditional support of america 's strong allies ( britain , israel , etc. ), 
  and generally aggressive posturing towards ` rogue states ' such as north korea and iran . 
  it 'd be hard to say obama is 100 % a neo-conservative , he has made conciliatory actions towards iran and has reduced america 's presence ( at least in terms of ground troops ) in the middle east , but there are some elements of his foreign policy which fit the mold . 
   my great-grandmother says that at least under horthy , crime was low and the streets were safe . 
  until he put gyula gombos into power , and then the streets were safe unless you happened to be a jew . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  the rules were originally partially stricter ( only passed down via a father , able to be revoked in certain circumstances ) and the vast majority of those who are eligible , at least here in australia , either do n't know or do n't do anything about it . 
  i also know that not all of europe follow the same jus sanguinis laws . 
  italy does n't require any test , qualifications , knowledge of the language , anything - one italian parent , you 're in . 
  the number for italy is likely made up primarily by those who , like myself , are citizens by descent . 
  i 'm not sure what the rules are for other european countries , but italian citizenship is passed on unconditionally by a single parent regardless of where the child is born or whether they are the citizen of another country , provided it is one that allows for dual citizenship ( such as , in my case , australia ) . 
   depends i actually got lucky growing up we had a giant garden i think they prefer ` poland ' these days, 
  well , in my experience it can be pretty difficult to hold a march in private . 
  the marching band made a real mess of my kitchen . 
  italiation : to leave one side of a competition or conflict if they appear to be losing , eg . 
  `` he was a proud sanders supporter , but after the first few primaries he italiated to clinton . '', 
  alternatively , australianize : to shorten a name and add ' - azza ' as a suffix in a term of endearment , eg . 
  garry to gazza , shannon to shazza , barry to bazza , etc. 
  i 'm not an expert on antonescu - i 've only focused on the league - but basically , antonescu 's operations during the holocaust were similar to those of the germans but * separate * , in that he was acting on his own volition and ideology . 
  this is in contrast to the other right-wing governments of europe , who were either attempting to resist involvement with the holocaust , or happily working with the nazis . 
  the politics of romania during that era were weird , to say the least . 
   coupled with lack of education about romania 's contribution to the holocaust ( communist romania never included it in history textbooks ) i thought that might be the case . 
  i think that 's the case for most of east-central europe , though , and romania is n't unique in that regard . 
  with the exception of poland , there 's been no real focus on education of the holocaust since the fall of communism , and in the current european political climate it 's probably not gon na happen any time soon . 
  as for antonescu , he 's actually a pretty controversial figure among holocaust historians . 
  not in any sense that anyone thinks he 's innocent - he just stands apart from almost every other leader in his actions . 
  while obviously they use the ` legionary ' branding they look more akin to other far-right groups in modern europe ( claiming to be ` third position ' , focus on sex politics , antagonism towards nato/us/eu , staunch racists , etc. ), 
  than anything resembling the ideology of legionary fascism . 
  still a shame to see they 're around though . 
  it 's kinda odd how many people , especially those claiming to be following in the tradition of fascists , do n't realize that the ` right wing radicals ' of interwar europe held so many massively different beliefs . 
  the legionaries , nazis , arrow cross , national democracy , etc. 
  - all entirely different . 
  i mean , i 'm glad they 're not around anymore , but still . 
  i 'm actually studying the iron guard / legion / whatever you 'd like to call them at the moment in quite a lot of depth as part of my degree . 
  this is a bit of an odd question , but i 'm curious - is there any affinity to them in modern romania whatsoever ? 
  i 'd hope not , but i do n't speak romanian and so ca n't tell from searching online . 
  i mean , the npd has next to no influence or real ` sway ' anyway , even amongst the far-right . 
  it 's seen the same way the bnp is in britain , i.e. 
  a bunch of thugs , criminals and bored low-lives playing pretend and occasionally beating someone up . 
  that said , would have been nice to see them broken up - but no real harm done . 
  no deaths , thankfully . 
   finland has been recognized by israel as `` righteous of nations '' due to the actions during ww2 . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  individuals are recognised as righteous among the nations for helping jews , not countries themselves . 
  so there may be finns on that list , but there are also germans , and i do n't think germany during ww2 is going to be called a ` righteous nation ' any time soon . 
   that 's the whole point . 
  you barely get any because potential migrants know the chances of getting through are low , and the likelihood of getting shipped to a detention center are high . 
  lol no , as in we * never * got that many via boat . 
  the numbers are miniscule . 
  that 's why we can stick them in tiny facilities . 
   which is why immigrants are paying smugglers tens of thousands for spots on over crowded death traps instead of just flying in . 
  the immigrants who are paying smugglers tens of thousands of dollars are usually those who have no way of obtaining documentation ( legitimate or fraudulent )  for the cost of caring for one migrant in europe , we could take care of many people who actually need help in refugee camps . 
  what 's your model, 
  i try to in these threads but people just ignore it and keep on spouting the same bullshit . 
  the biggest differences between the aussie policy and the what europeans seem to think our policies are , in my opinion : 1 . 
  raw numbers of refugees handled - we barely get any . 
  it 's a tiny drop in the bucket compared to what you guys are dealing with , and it 's very intermittent . 
  if we had even a fraction of what you guys are getting from syria via boats , our facilities would not be able to even remotely handle it . 
  actual effectiveness - we have ` stopped the boats ' , but illegal immigration by plane has always been the favoured method of getting into australia . 
  we are , after all , a remote island . 
  anyone with even the slightest bit of money will just get on a plane with a tourist visa , meet up with their family/friends/contacts , and for all intents and purposes , they 're in . 
  this is the same for you guys really but even worse , since refugees can literally walk into europe . 
  the boats are not the problem . 
  expense - it costs more to put someone in offshore detention for a year than it does to give them full welfare benefits for five . 
  it is not a cheap option whatsoever . 
  competence - unsuprisingly , we get it wrong a lot . 
  a lot of legitimate asylum seekers end up in detention for years , and news just came out today that two australian citizens were sent to christmas island for offshore processing . 
  imagine the uproar if a native ethnic european was sent back to libya . 
  conditions - i know that a lot of people do n't really care about this , but the conditions of the off-shore detention facilities are fucking abysmal , and since people are being sent without real checks in the first place , a lot of people who are actually legitimate asylum seekers end up abused or in extremely poor health because of it . 
  geography - as i mentioned , we 're a remote island . 
  we 're also surrounded by other remote islands , which we oversee as territory . 
  that gives us a few places to put the offshore facilities . 
  this , to me , would be by far the biggest diplomatic problem for the eu to tackle . 
  if you have to deal with hundreds of thousands of migrants , and you need to put them somewhere like we do in australia , where the fuck are you going to put them ? 
  it 's not like italy is going to be jumping at the chance to have a massive camp on their territory . 
  overall , our policy is not ` sensible ' - it 's a fucking joke , not just from a humanitarian perspective but even from the perspective of actually stopping illegal migration - and the specific policy of offshore-detention and ` sending the boats back ' is popular only insofar as people do n't want migrants . 
  the actual policy specifics are pretty unpopular when you explain them to people . 
   doing sensible things again , given the average knowledge of europeans on aussie policy , i do n't think you can actually say that it 's sensible because you do n't actually know what it is , you 're just extrapolating what you * want * to see . 
  it would be like a european libertarian taking a glance at the united sates , seeing that they have a higher gdp per capita than their own country , and saying `` well , their economic policies must be sensible , we should deregulate '' . 
  even if there 's a hint of truth to it they 're in no place to actually make that claim . 
   can anyone here explain why australia can intercept these same ships and haul them back to where they originated from , can anyone here explain why europeans talk about australian policy without even the most basic understanding of the facts ? 
  we are n't hauling ships back to fucking myanmar . 
  a five minute google search would tell you as much . 
  if you want a sensible refugee solution , here 's an idea : actually read up on what our one is as opposed to just pretending it 's the one you already want . 
  papua new guinea is n't a literal warzone , and iirc , not a single migrant has actually been resettled there . 
  look , i get that you 're looking for more drastic solutions but the australian ` solution ' is not only entirely different in terms of the situation over here , but also is an absolute joke . 
  do n't look to us for smart ideas . 
   does antisemitism these days mean prejudice against jews only or the semites in general ? 
  it literally never meant ` semites in general ' , the term antisemitism was popularised by german and french writers who were explicitly anti-jewish .
