  that 's what i said !, 
   then most of v4 countries , who simply reject them but do nothing more , ... 
  i try to point out , the uk and v4 at least disagree with quota system , obviously pointing out it 's ridicilous . 
  i just wish they could at least bring ideas to solve the whole problem instead of trying to get votes from people for their party . 
  it 's nice that germany and the netherlands made a deal with turkey , but they have more power than most of the eu and could probably lead some more effective action . 
  this thing is just a part-time solution , if at all . 
  as / u/quitquestion said , i made a ridicilously pessimistic and exaggerated comment , to uplift the whole theme a little bit . 
  -8 points ? 
  really ? 
  okay , i do n't trust the `` people enjoy black , tragic and morbid comedy '' guy anymore . 
  day 1 : turkey joins the eu . 
  day 8 : three countries scheduled referendum about leaving the eu . 
  twelve more are already signing petitions to do as well . 
  day 42 : poland leaves the eu , many more referendums across the eu scheduled . 
  day 162 : germany , france , belgium , greece , italy and turkey standing strong , being the only countries , that did n't plan referendum yet . 
  day 366 : only germany , france and turkey remain in the eu . 
  day 419 : germany has a new chancellor , his name is mustafa \u00d6zt\u00fcrk . 
  `` i despise the rise of right-wing extremism over the last year and a half . 
  i promise i 'll fight it better than mrs. merkel . 
  i already have plans , we 'll just need to use more aggresive approach , '' said mustafa in his speech . 
  day 420 : germany declares the world war 3 . 
  italy does n't know what to do anymore . 
  neither do other countries . 
  i 'll talk a bit more generally now : the biggest thing someone did was the uk , who left the eu . 
  then there 's a huge gap . 
  then most of v4 countries , who simply reject them but do nothing more , another gap , and then there 's the rest of the eu who does n't do anything , including italy . 
  i do n't say the solution is easy , but come on !, 
  the migration crisis has been here for 2 years and the eu did nothing major to stop it . 
  sure , quota system is nice and all , but it fails when the number of migrants do n't stop incrasing . 
  and the numbers will get worse with erdogan gaining power in turkey . 
  i meant just on a flag . 
  when i see a necklace , an artwork or so , it looks nice . 
  it 's just the swastika-flag combination , that i ca n't get used to seeing . 
  guess that 's just me . 
  did n't know that . 
  i 'll never get used to seeing swastika-like symbol on a flag . 
  especially on lithunian one . 
  also , i think orange on the dutch flag should be included . 
  i like the danish , estonian , hungarian , latvian , luxembourg and vatican ones . 
  the others do n't appeal to me . 
  now i 'm scared . 
  one party in the czech republic has 30 % in polls . 
  its members are ex-communists ( read communists ) and they try to systematically wreck small business-owners . 
  the election is in october , hopefully they drop some votes until then . 
  ks\u010cm : i have to admit i did n't really read throught their agenda . 
  when it comes to refugees , they 're also saying loud no , but that 's basically any party here , that wants to stay over 5 % . 
  ( \u010cssd also says `` no , '' but it 's a kinda clumsy no and they dropped from 20-25 % to mere 10 % , top09 is the only party saying `` yes '' to refugees and they went from 10 % to balancing on the 5 % mark . ), 
  who votes ks\u010cm ? 
  probably just old people , who got used to the communistic era and hate , when things change . 
  the velvet revolution came in late 1989 and many naive people made some very bad trades , buying stiff for ten times of its true value and so . 
  yeah , those people seem to hate capitalism ever since , or something . 
  it 's interesting ks\u010cm gets the most votes in the places , where the election attendance is the lowest . 
  ( in % ) the fact meeting a young person at election is a rarity nowadays also helps . 
  ano : i do n't know why so many people like the ano party leader babi\u0161 . 
  maybe it 's because he makes an illusion the people who own a small business ( a local pub ) are somehow enemies . 
  whenever he ties hands to these people , he boast how he prevented those huge and evil business-owners from stealing money of normal people . 
  apparently it works on 30 % of people voting here . 
  he also owns agrofert , which is quite big here , making him the 2nd richest person in the country . 
  many people believe he has no reason to be corrupted , since he 's so rich . 
  sounds exactly like a party `` ano '' in the czech republic . 
  ( they 're about to get more than a third of all seats ) the worse news is , the party with second largest amount of votes here will most likely be `` komunistick\u00e1 strana \u010cech a moravy , '' you do n't need to be a genius to know what does the name means . 
  also , these two combined look to get over 50 % of seats . 
  yup , the czech republic will be f *** ed even more than poland , it seems . 
  dashlibor - guess which part of these two will be my name . 
  ( you also gave me a good laugh there , sir . ), 
  i ca n't contra-arguement your post , since most of is just an opinion . 
  ( same as mine ) i think we can just leave the discussion saying you 're more liberal than me . 
  but honestly , i do n't know a website where the people would be more liberal than on reddit . 
  ( maybe quora , but that 's off topic ), 
   50 % is just to imagine the consequences , it works at lower numbers as well . 
  re-read that for you . 
  it might be traditional , but you ca n't doubt it 's in our nature . 
  people want to see their genes spread more generations ahead . 
  if there was someone heavily denying it , his people would die out . 
  this mik\u00e1do guy just wo n't leave me alone ... 
  it 's just in our nature to pressure people to have more children . 
  imagine you 're a parent and your child just married someone . 
  it 's a biological instinct for us to wan na have a legacy and spread genes further than just 1 generation ahead . 
  if the son/daughter is in a heterosexual couple , there 's some natural pressure on them . 
  if the son/daughter is in a homosexual couple , this starts to fail . 
  it 's their free will , so it 's okay , but they should n't inspire other in any way . 
  if we do n't distinguish a difference between this `` blind way , '' and `` normal way , '' then our civilization approaches its doom due to the natality decrease mentioned above . 
  you argue they can still make children with someone else , but since you have a partner you love and are loyal to and happy to be for the rest of your life , where 's the motivation ? 
  also , the other partner might disagree with having a child that 's biologically nothing like him . 
  tl ; dr : the chances of stuff happening , the nature and overall progress simply say no . 
  i think this problem is a bit different from your `` left hand '' problem . 
  homosexuality does n't helps natality , which is needed for survival of a family . 
  ( and in macroscopic view , survival of a nation/country ) if a nation/country has 50 % of its people homosexuals , then it means a huge drop in natality and problems in nation structure , since there are too few young people and too many retired people . 
  and saying there 's `` nothing wrong '' with homosexuality gets us slowly but surely to this state . 
  ( 50 % is just to imagine the consequences , it works at lower numbers as well ) sure , it 's a thing people are born with and it appears among animals as well , but that does n't justify the above . 
  i do n't want it to be banned , i just want some clear difference between homosexuality and heterosexuality in a law . 
  as i said , registered partnership fulfills this role perfectly . 
  `` homosexuality should not be accepted by society . '', 
  my opinion : i tolerate it . 
  however , marriage of gays/lesbians is a bit too far , since it breaks the meaning of `` marriage . '', 
  ( marriage has always meant two people physically able to create kids . 
  we wo n't break more than a 2000 years old definition/tradition , will we ? ), 
  i say we should tolerate it , registered partnership works well for everyone - only the extremes complain . 
  off topic : interesting to notice , our numbers are sometime western-europe-like and sometimes eastern-europe-like . 
  i think we 're the best in finding balance , can we rule the europe for a while , germany ?
