are these maps becoming a reddit meme or smthng ? 
  because i see them often nowadays . 
  this wo n't be a popular opinion , since the original comment was about a rock band . 
  unfortunate , that rock fans hate techno fans and vice versa . 
  can confirm the ice hockey one . 
  masalskis is a great goalie , we also always struggle when he plays . 
  three horizontal stripes - white , red and blue . 
  way too many countries use this already . 
  i 'd keep the current version , it 's unique . 
  the thing in the middle would make a great coat of arms , though - it tops the current on in all aspects , imo . 
  belarus , hungary , ireland , luxembourg , slovakia and maybe slovenia are improvements , imo . 
  nations starting on letter m also look pretty good . 
  the others are either , similar or worse . 
  and the sweden one looks more accurate , than the current one . 
  swedone is really smart , i think i like it the most from the list . 
  nullgaria , no-land and lat-me-out also do n't sound bad . 
   together we are the 3rd largest population . 
  wow , that 's really important somehow . 
   together we are the best army . 
  are we really ? 
  i do n't think we 're doing better than the usa , russia or china . 
   together we are so many landscapes . 
  what 's even the point of this ? 
   do n't listen to fear , hate and weakness . 
  they do n't have any ambition . 
  the future is ours . 
  we are the european union and together we are unstoppable . 
  just this part sounds more like a megalomaniac , and less like a sane person . 
  i get it , the eu does a lot of good for us , but some points in this video are really ridicilous . 
  close enough . 
  basically , anyone who says something negative about the eu and migration crisis get some extra votes in the election . 
  ( no one suggest any doable solution ) parties and their leaders do n't even want to do anything - if migration crisis and the eu problems got solved , people would focus on smaller problems . 
  which is the worst thing that could happen to those who are doing well right now . 
  sadly , we do n't have any political party that would try to do something about the problems . 
  not a big topic . 
  sure , some people go crazy about it and many people disagree with the eu on this . 
  ( i 'd say majority , but i ca n't confirm this ) however , compared to the refugee crisis this is nothing . 
  i think that 's liechtenstein ... 
  however , i 've seen people pointing at chechnya , when talking about the czech republic . 
  also , i 've heard many people refer to it as czechoslovakia . 
  tl ; dr : no problem , i 've seen worse . 
  i smell a joke of some sort ... 
  wait , is it a serious question ? 
  here , we `` have a monkey '' instead of a cat or tiger . 
  # 4 ( rifle in the corn ) and # 8 ( butter on a head ) are same for us , nothing else i 'd recognize . 
  the article is indeed worth a chuckle . 
  well , you ca n't say that blue or red are definitely good and definitely bad . 
  i 'd say green means `` balanced , '' which usually means good . 
  til switzerland has no minimum wage . 
  i thought they have it different every canton . 
  everyone : ( saying so many interesting stuff ) me : they 're good at football , i guess . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  this is a wet dream of ~ ~ multiculturalism ~ ~ immigration supporters coming true . 
  turkey , finland and kaczynski ( poland ) made me laugh so hard !, 
  you missed monaco . 
  i mean , who has n't applied for asylum in europe by now ? 
  i 'm not laughing at other countries . 
  but i do n't think there 's a country in the europe , that could do so . 
  in the czech republic , the situation is bad as well - there are elections in october and a party leaded by former communist babi\u0161 seems to get roughly 30 % of votes . 
  ( a little over one third of all seats ) babi\u0161 is quite popular because he 's funny for those , who do n't care much about politics . 
  basically , imagine that trump has evil , socialistic twin . 
  ta-daa , you have babi\u0161 . 
  then we have * komunistick\u00e1 strana \u010cech a moravy * that seems to get over 10 % . 
  you 're right , as a czech , i ca n't really laugh at others parliaments , but neither should you . 
  all parliaments in europe have trouble and i do n't think there 's a country , that is doing significantly better than the others . 
  from what i 've heard , the parties in germany are welcoming and they have no party going against them , so it 's not like you have much of a choice in this topic . 
  : / also , i do n't think poland 's parliament is doing so great , that citizen could just laugh to other countries . 
  thanks . 
  oh , did n't know that , sorry . 
  either use only flags , or only letters . 
  my inner perfectionist is screaming right now . 
  otherwise , nice statistics . 
  it 's positioned in the mountains , which makes their lowest point one of the highest lowest points in the world . 
  i 'm not really an expert on politics , so i 'll be glad if someone explains me this : it is considered a big problem , that judges are chosen by ruling party . 
  but how did the current judges got here in the first place ? 
  someone had to choose them as well . 
  and since a judge is a big power , i believe politicians have a word in this . 
  there will also be a bias no matter what . 
  now , where 's the difference from what pis is trying to do ? 
  well , most of the turks are muslims and here you go - considering the terorist attacks all over europe get you enough reasons . 
  people do n't want to search for complicated true , we go for simple answers and connections , like this : turk = muslim = potentially dangerous in some way i guess it 's just in our nature to be rather paranoid than underestimating stuff . 
  just to give some background : the party is somewhere from right to far-right . 
  they repeat , they 're strictly against illegal immigration . 
  ( maybe way too often ) they support self-employment , and try to get better ground for people , who want to make and own a small business . 
  ( unlike the likely winner of the upcoming election ano , which tries to make conditions for these people as difficult as possible ) they 're also eurosceptic and they support idea of direct democracy . 
  they seem to be a bit more pro-russian than most of the parties , but not something extreme . 
  they criticize current social system and say it needs to be changed to be more fair . 
  i agree with them on many stuff , but he promises he 'll fix them , although he wo n't be able to do so , since he has n't many parties that would agree with him on these stuff . 
  in polls , okamura 's party is constantly balancing on the 5 % mark , which gets you seats in the parliament . 
  ( if you get 4,99 % , you wo n't have any seats . ), 
  election is in october , by the way . 
  call me sceptic and cynical now , but : we have no idea who those `` 50 other ones '' are . 
  erdogan rules many things in turkey and i do n't think he wants to have a great relation with europe . 
  how are we guarantued we do n't get more dangerous people here this way . 
  okay , i see your point that less people overall will come , which is good . 
  but i do n't understand how quota system is a long term solution . 
  it distributes the refugees through the europe , but it does n't reduce them , unlike the turkey-germany treaty if that one works . 
  read again , please . 
   exaggerated that 's very close to `` incoherent . '', 
   the uk and the v4 have had no impact on the eu refugee crisis other than blocking or abstaining from refugee policies .
