and that is how a polandball comic is made, 
  i was in hungary a couple years ago ( before smoking was banned in bars ) and it felt like pretty much everyone smoked , but i was also only hanging out with student-aged people at bars . 
  i think that makes a big difference of perception vs. reality . 
  i fully expected the numbers to be higher but i think it 's easier to notice smoking than to notice not smoking . 
  i 'm sure it 's gone down since the 80s though , but maybe not as much as you 'd think . 
  this blog mainly focuses on electronic and experimental music , but they have had other articles on other types of underground music in the past : http://easterndaze.net/ i highly recommend it . 
  i like that such a country has an absolutely awesome underground electronic music scene . 
  i wish hungary 's underground music scene was anywhere near as cool . 
  from the us , where i have since returned . 
  i have not updated my flair to reflect that . 
  as an american , that 's how i feel about nyc . 
  drop me anywhere in the world and i 'll figure things out and find a way to make friends . 
  drop me in nyc and i 'm trying to find my way back to the train station asap and failing . 
  get ready for random shit to be on fire for no perceivable reason . 
  at least , that was my experience . 
  also make sure to drink a lot and be friendly , but that 's good advice wherever you go . 
  i would agree with this . 
  it does n't seem so bad now , and in terms of lifestyle it 's not particularly different . 
  i guess it would depend on where exactly you moved from/to between the two countries . 
  the hardest thing for me in hungary was actually the culture around dogs . 
  it seemed that most people train their dogs relatively well to not react to people on the street ( at least in budapest ) . 
  i 'm so used to playing with every dog i see that that was pretty depressing to find out . 
  i once went up to a dog and pet it , and then the owner came and took the dog away and apologized . 
  in all seriousness though , i 've heard that romania has some of the biggest populations of certain species that are endangered/rare in the rest of europe , like black bears , for instance . 
  you right , my bad, 
  nothing , i just hate when people bring that stuff up , since most of the things they interact with in their daily lives is not as old as their national history . 
  it 's like when germans tell me that american beer sucks , it reminds me that their views of america are stuck in the early 90s . 
  when a european says `` lol u have no history '' it tells me that they 're stuck in imperialism . 
  sorry if i did n't get the joke , it 's just one of those things that sets me off . 
  my hometown in the us is older than the unification of the german states , the creation of budapest , and the construction of neuschwannstein . 
  my parent 's house is 200 years old , when was your house built ? 
  also , north american history does not begin with it 's settlement by white people . 
  i have lenni lenape arrowheads in my backyard . 
  who cares . 
  i wo n't lie , these are gaudy and awful but part of me loves them . 
  i currently live in new brunswick , nj and our nicest luxury apartment building looks like this : http://media.northjersey.com/images/0301d_vueexterior.jpg which is n't so bad , but when you realize that is the nicest our high rises look , and that is the only style they build in a the moment , it makes for a very bland , boring look to our architecture . 
  it 's a shame , too , because a lot of the older buildings can be quite pretty but nobody renovates anything around here , they just knock stuff down and build monstrosities to maximize rent income . 
  where i lived when i lived in budapest : http://i.imgur.com/39sz4a0.png it was technically in one of the nicest neighborhoods in budapest , but the rent was comparable to most other neighborhoods near the city center . 
  how are you handling learning the language ? 
  i 'm american but learned hungarian and lived there for a bit . 
  i know it can be a big change for an american , especially if you are n't living in budapest . 
  yeah i really like a lot of these houses ... most of them are just a bit small . 
  those look like normal apartment buildings in the us ... like what they build for people with decent amounts of money . 
  not so long as so much of your population can afford a car . 
  i 'm sorry i do not know , but a native speaker should be able to answer you on that . 
  very interesting , i 'd never heard anything like that about finnish before . 
  i have a finnish friend who i studied hungarian with , you think he would have brought it up , but he 's more focused on drinking than talking , haha . 
  i feel like that 's the sort of thing i should always remember ... 
  guess i wo n't forget now !, 
  well the pronoun is completely gender neutral so i think so !, 
  i 'm actually american but i speak hungarian and lived there awhile , so i 'm not necessarily the person to ask , but i know in german they use gendered pronouns for animals which is stranger to me , especially when a given animal might not be the gender of it 's general name . 
  fuck you 're right . 
  i feel very dumb right now . 
  the friend should still know about krakow though ... yeah i 'm just gon na give up now . 
  and prague is east of vienna !, 
  wtf . 
  and the hungarian word for he/she/it !, 
  ( we only have the one , no gender ) but if you 're finnish , i 'm sure you 've heard before . 
  they have free wifi almost everywhere , also a bunch of other crazy tech stuff is in their laws that is super progressive and interesting , they have a very uneasy relationship with russians , both in and out of their country , they are kinda boring and bland but in a cool way , terviseks means cheers , and kaks tezt kut means 12 months ( no clue if i spelled it right but it sounds hilarious to english speakers ) , and they assume that nobody ever anywhere knows anything about estonia and will not stop being flabbergasted if you know where tartu and talinn are . 
  oh and their pizza sucks . 
  hungary , stop making the news please . 
  thanks !, 
  i apologize for contributing to this, 
  aranypart is some quality television . 
  i was wondering what the source of kar\u00e1csony was , since i did n't know any meaning of it 's parts ... 
  my finnish friend exclusively smokes menthols . 
  damn , i was hoping to say hungarian first . 
  my favorite thing about hungarians is their ability to hold intelligent conversations at very high levels of intoxication . 
  i feel like hungary might not drink the most , but it sure drinks the widest variety of booze . 
  some countries are wine drinkers , some beer , some vodka , hungary is `` what 's in front of me ? '', 
  beer , wine , palinka , unicum , mixed drinks , fr\u00f6ccs , gin , whiskey , seriously anything , i just have to get drunk and complain about the economy again !, 
  it is possible to get a non-driver 's license , for those who are us citizens , but have not taken a driving test , as we use it as our every day photo-id . 
  roma people have a wealth of their own language and music and cultural history and that is the best you can come up with ? 
  sure i might avoid roma hanging out at bus stops at 1am but that does n't mean they have no culture . 
  as an american , i feel really sad that this program has lost its funding . 
  i was able to experience something similar to erasmus by studying abroad in a city where there were many erasmus students , and spending time with them/making connections . 
  however , i am rare in the us , as my parents were able to cover the costs of my experience . 
  most people ca n't afford it in the states , and we do n't really have much in terms of programs to pay for study abroad , or at least nothing on the scale of erasmus , which allows all students , as long as they are willing to go through bureaucratic hoops , to have a really fun experience that happens to be world-broadening and enriching at the same time . 
  it can be so limiting on one 's life to feel that they have no other option than to continue to toil away wherever they may live in order to keep paying rent or to up and move away from all friends and connections to try to hack it somewhere new with no one to help . 
  erasmus makes the world a little smaller , a little less scary , and a little more interesting , in my opinion , and i think it served as a great example to the rest of the world of a good way to keep not just your privileged elite open minded , but your general public , as well . 
  i hope that this is not an ultimate end to this program . 
  if they were on the us 's under 21 team , i may have played a game with them !, 
  i hate when hungary makes the news . 
  well you give me one good reason to go out there , except to visit a friend that lives there . 
  it was originally two cities , which were then joined into one . 
  both sides of the river are further divided into districts . 
  pest has all the nightlife still , but buda is nicer and quieter , of course , it depends on each individual neighborhood . 
  pest is for working and drinking , but i liked to go into the buda hills sometimes for a bit of an escape . 
  i definitely suggest taking a walk through the trails in the woods to get to erzseb\u00e9t torony . 
  it has a wonderful view of the city and surrounding towns , and you can get some delicious k\u00fcrt\u00f6s kalacs at one of the kiosks near the tram stop for cheaper than at festival stalls . 
  yup , has happened to a few friends of mine , as well as tourists that i 've met in bars . 
  however , each time i hear a story about it , it seems like really dumb mistakes being made . 
  i remember one tourist kept telling me , `` i mean i ca n't be that mad , they got us good '' and all i could think was `` no , you are fucking dumb '' , but he was paying for my drinks and drinks for all of my friends , so i did n't say shit . 
  gl\u00fchwein = happiness , and i hate that they do n't have gl\u00fchweinst\u00e4nde in the us . 
  i 've never seen so many hungarians at once as i did in vienna during christmas , and i 've lived in budapest !, 
  i think the further west you go , the less people care about this stuff , with slovenia at the top of the `` not giving a shit '' mountain . 
  this is a fair point . 
  i have to admit i 'm going to be slanted towards the role of hungarians , since that is what i 'm interested in and studied personally , but i know when studying things from the hungarian perspective a lot will be left out . 
  and then there are the romanians that deny that it was hard to be hungarian in communist romania . 
  not that the hungarians were exactly saints , but it goes to show that a huge part of wwii was ethnic/nationalist ideologies clashing hard , all across europe .
