or because the current opinion is n't favorable to defending the prophet fully . 
  it 's worked . 
  you wo n't find anti-refugee sentiment on german facebook because everyone is afraid of the surveillance state . 
  i would like to see some examples of the actual comments calling for physical violence that are being censored but that will never happen . 
  this is quite true and makes one think . 
   he was called that before the migrant crisis . 
  or at least something like that . 
  let 's just say he as far from the `` humane '' way of handling things as he can be . 
  he has been bearing the full brunt of the character assassination that 's typical of any leader who does n't toe the eu/us line . 
  there was a lot of behind-the-scenes string-pulling behind what happened in ukraine . 
  it was n't so simple like the western ( or russian ) media would have you believe . 
   i do n't see isis invading european countries not yet . 
  but if it 's left to grow and europe maintains open broders ... 
   why they escaped death , supposedly . 
  i did n't realize germans stormed the hotel in mali and took hostages ... care to refresh my memory ? 
  feminism has a love affair with islam , it 's pretty easy to see this . 
  whether this is because of progressives ' cultural relativism or something else is open for debate , but you do n't hear criticism from feminists for islamic practices as much as you do for things like you said . 
  are grandsons of every culture declaring jihad on the west ? 
   the vast majority of muslims is clearly against jihadism what do you define as `` vast majority '' and is this higher for islamists than for , say , christians ? 
  nice ideals but where do you expect people to work to pay the taxes that lead to the enactment of this grand plan ? 
  regular qualified immigration is hard , and so is getting an apartment if you 're a regular person . 
  refugees get a much easier time . 
  allegedly because if they do n't , they 'll radicalize . 
  i would have given good money to see you saying this two months ago . 
  what do you think motivated the attacks today in mali then ? 
  ah , the no true scotsman fallacy . 
  let everyone in with no proper identity checks and lax security , and then when a terror attack happens , cry out `` that was not a * real * refugee !! '', 
   quite another to appreciate the death of hundreds of people what part of his comment said that he was overjoyed at the death of hundreds of people ? 
  or even appreciated it ? 
  isis goal is to establish a caliphate , they do n't give a shit about how tolerant or not europeans are . 
  she knows the danger , she 's warning the rest of us . 
  try not knee-jerking and calling her a racist , please . 
   this could be related to france having a pretty terrible immigration policy sometime in the 70s to 80s which in turn may very well have created a lot of easily radicalized second or third gen immigrants . 
  could you go into some more detail on that ? 
  i 'm always fascinated by the unique problems france faces wrt these matters . 
  looks like you were n't much of a fan already , i 'm sure they wo n't feel a great loss . 
  if this happens , there will be express trains and buses from the outside border to the mini-schengen borders , especially after what we 've seen earlier this year . 
  i 'm not going to comment on the fact that this is a specious argument , based on the collected data so far on the refugee flood . 
  staying in their own country and dying is what happens in pretty much every country all over the world . 
  there are people dying of hunger in brazil , india , china , pakistan , you name it and it 's below the mean global gdp/capita and there are children dying of hunger and curable diseases in it . 
  does that mean they should all get a plane ticket to europe ? 
  yeah , but they did n't have such an easy time before , did they ? 
  the sane thing to do would have been to allow syrians to fly in to germany with valid passports if the german governement was feeling so charitable . 
  much easier to verify at the border than * en masse . 
  * instead we got this mess . 
  ask sweden , i think they 've found out it 's a one-way street . 
  allegedly , most of them remain on welfare and that , combined with the high birth rate , is ^ * sucks ^ in ^ air ^ through ^ teeth * ** problematic . 
  when merkel and juncker pressure greece to reduce funding for it 's border control and then say `` everyone is welcome '' and `` paris attacks do n't change anything , refugees please keep coming '' it 's hard not to realize what is actually going on . 
  you basically compared every refugee to a slow learner . 
  first that , and second , we 're supposed to benefit from them ? 
  i think you hit your platitude-per-post quota there . 
  was n't this the whole plot of spectre ? 
  she ( or her stance ) still has the majority support in germany , although not in the eu , i think . 
  thomas de maiziere is closing the borders , she is n't . 
  was it ever proven that the beating in magdeburg was connected to the serial rapes ? 
  britain has it 's own immigrant problems , which are not related to the eu . 
  the word `` zealot '' comes to mind . 
  ... and now germany wants to cut down on family reunification . 
  so much for that . 
  i do think though , this is another lie the mainstream media is pushing on us , just like how a couple of months ago the refugees were all engineer doctors and rocket surgeons . 
  yes , but it 's another thing when people are putting their real names behind comments versus doing it on an anonymous forum . 
  you see the same with reddit - when the initial mood in / r/europe started to change from #refugeeswelcome to a realistic view , it was said to be brigading from stormfront , a few racist members pushing downvotes and other nefarious tactics . 
  what was n't considered was that these were real , actual people who were concerned about what was going on . 
  i do n't doubt that some people even created throwaways ( further level of anonymity ) because the consequences of being linked to `` hate speech '' are severe . 
  that 's really relevant , thank you for the link . 
  it does n't matter what the specific line for hate speech is , exercising silence of dissent will lead to chilling effects on other citizens who will wish to not have their name tarnished by being associated with `` hate speech '' . 
   in a legal context , a chilling effect is the inhibition or discouragement of the legitimate exercise of natural and legal rights by the threat of legal sanction . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chilling_effect there 's a person on my facebook friends list who shares articles critical of the refugees sometimes . 
  i wonder if he is under watch by the verfassungsschutz , and if , by association , all of his friends list is , as well . 
  from what was reported earlier , greece wanted to fund their navy or border patrol because they knew that people smugglers were using the aegean route , but merkel and juncker said no in the name of austerity . 
  this `` crisis '' has been orchestrated for a while now . 
  there 's a saying about learning from the mistakes of others ... but in this case , it 's not allowed to be called a mistake unless you accept the label of neo-nazi racist hatemonger . 
  i 'm not in favor but so far , the big ones are : 1 . 
  the fact that they would lose their lives if they did n't come to europe . 
  this has the tugging-on-heartstrings effect but does n't stand up to scrutiny since most of the migrants are not coming directly from syria ( if we accept syria as the one place in the middle east they are not safe ) . 
  the german population is ageing and they need workers to pay for their retirement . 
  of course , the current workers of germany are ostensibly paying for their retirement with their taxes right now but the government sees it as a big slush fund to pay for anything they wish for , right now . 
  not so different from other countries in the west . 
  it 's a big pyramid scheme and we 're importing the next layer of the bottomless pyramid . 
  this does n't stand up to scrutiny either - the trend in the labor market in general is more education and training , not less . 
  with automation , fewer and fewer jobs need less than a high school or vocational certification . 
  germany runs on certifications and diplomas , and it 's going to be a long time before the refugees start making their first payments into the system , all of this ignoring the obvious fact ... that the german welfare state is an attractor . 
  there are non-zero chances that a particular migrant picked germany because of the welfare benefits for refugees . 
  if history is any indication , there will be an underclass of foreigner towns where everyone speaks arabic , few have legitimate work , and the rest are supported by the state . 
  what we 're seeing is the result of a big social experiment , in my opinion . 
  the thesis is : when a population loses the will to defend itself and it 's leader gets disgusted by the flag of the same country , will it get overrun by other tribes or nations as has happened countless times in the past ? 
  the answer , unfortunately , seems to be yes . 
  i hate to be * that guy * but when you get more hate from your own countrymen when you talk about crime committed by those we are accepting with open arms than anger over the crimes themselves , things are very wrong . 
  just like the refugee estimates have steadily gone up over the course of this crisis , the bill will also slowly go up . 
  this is not the last number or the highest . 
  here 's an article from september with an estimate of 10 billion . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-crisis-to-cost-germany-10-billion-euros/a-18696346 the number will keep growing and the lifetime cost will probably end up in the hundreds of billions , all borne by the german taxpayer . 
  what 's happening is that the laws are being enforced , but unequally . 
  and that 's worse that 's either of the two alternative situations ( no laws against free speech , or justly applied laws ), 
  considering the rock-throwers at the hungarian border were wearing bandanas , maybe not so jarring . 
  lol at americans thinking that america funds nato out of the goodness of it 's own heart . 
  then it comes down to simply how important it is for merkel , juncker et al to have an eu versus taking care of migrants from all over the world . 
  because we are seeing hungary draw the line in the sand and the mood in the rest of europe , if it 's changing it 's not changing to be more #refugeeswelcome . 
  exactly . 
  the qmv was never meant to force small european countries to dissolve their national integrity in this way .
