   i think it 's a bit crass to complain about / u/masquechatice grossly stereotyping eastern european but then do the exact same thing for left-wing western europeans . 
  the thing is , stereotyping eastern europeans is based on their origin and their culture , if not their race . 
  when / u/szkwarek is talking about the `` anti-racist left '' he is looking at them based on their beliefs and ideology . 
  so the two are not comparable . 
  it 's funny because germans are supposed to have the reputation of being direct to the point of being offensive . 
  stop taking germanness away from germans , that 's racist !, 
  why the hate ? 
  i think it 's a good neighborly thing for the czech republic to offer help to slovenia because the latter is so small . 
  you made a `` black men in the us '' analogy when you are from ... greece ? 
  wtf ? 
  first they came for the white men , and i did n't speak out ... [ i 'm not white but i know that i could just as easily be their next target . 
  the privilege-checking is not methodical , it 's hysterical . ], 
  people do go to jail over stupid twitter hashtags , it 's just the * wrong * people . 
  there 's no right to free speech in the uk or most european countries these days . 
  again , if the hashtag had been #killallblackmen we would n't be talking about it , she would be in jail and the case would have long been closed . 
  what we are getting now is that all races are equal , but some are more equal than others . 
  they are not desperately fleeing bombs and certain death , what makes you say that ? 
  right said friend !, 
  is this a democracy or a dictatorship ?? 
  that 's the point - if you are legal ( i.e. 
  you register ) you get kicked out . 
  if you do n't register , you do n't get kicked out . 
  punishes the ones who follow the rules . 
  there are some who still see brigading when confronted by opinions not their own . 
  it looks like you 're new here . 
  could you explain how eastern european governments caused this problem, 
  you 're not familiar with the third world , are you ? 
  they still do in europe when it comes to legal immigrants , just not when it comes to illegal ones . 
  try staying on in germany when you 're from a eu country and do n't have a job . 
  so we need only a qualified majority to force eu member nations to do things they do n't want to do , and a unanimous vote to write a letter . 
  nice . 
  everything costs money ... be it euros or dm 's , and we apparently are going to see how many can climb aboard this particular lifeboat before it sinks . 
  the man has a point . 
  frontex , medecins sans frontiers , the navy ... pretty much anyone with a boat just sees themselves as a ferry for `` refugees '' . 
  they see a boat , the people on the boat sink it as soon as they are in sight of a frontex etc ship , and they get picked up by the frontex etc , and get to italy or greece , from where they start their trek to sweden/germany . 
  do you really think that turkey belongs in the eu ? 
   all evidence that we have points to the vast majority of attacks against refugees being perpetrated by far-right activists , not common citizens concerned with immigration . 
  all common citizens have been silenced with labeling them `` racist and neo-nazi '' and so all you get remaining are those that feel they have nothing to lose with that label . 
  ergo real racists and neo-nazis . 
  you know , half of the world lives in conditions that would make your toes curl . 
  do they all have a right to the european welfare state ? 
  as long as the propaganda is not explicitly coming from the state , we are fine . 
  there are many theories about why this is being orchestrated by the elites . 
  one is that they are bringing in voters . 
  there 's precedence for this , in the us the mexican diaspora votes democrat even though their values are more republican . 
  in the uk , the immigrants vote labour and that was the reason for the huge jump in immigration in the last decades . 
  another theory is that the most powerful people really want a pipeline through syria and assad was against this , the immigrants are to soften up the population of europe to a nato invasion / occupation of syria . 
  yet another theory is that merkel wants to atone for the wrongs of past germany and become the moral force of europe . 
  whatever the actual reason is , this is the first time in history such an event is taking place . 
  to be clear , there have been refugees before , but they were never promised integration and welfare and they never moved so uncontrolled . 
  i think she was just trying to get you into bed . 
  ( lol ), 
  that 's implying that merkel or juncker are n't . 
  they are getting what they want , and orban wants to get what he wants . 
  they seem to be driven by different motives though . 
  i do n't want to imply that orban is free from the original politician 's sin , but he seems to want to protect hungary and hungarians at the expense of the migrants , which is not the case for the other politicians . 
  used to be the chinese, 
  right now the left has a bigger propaganda machine than the right . 
  first we remove merkel 's right to spy on facebook and punish people for satire that paints her in a bad light , then we can discuss a potential next hitler from the right . 
  here 's a simple test for any new eu legislation based on what i 've seen in the past few months : does the law in question sell out our future and our own people for more corporate profit ? 
  if yes , then the law will pass . 
  if no , then look for there to be quabbling about it for the next 6 years . 
   also i think that just funneling people towards austria , germany and sweden is within what was agreed upon where the first country of entry should process refugees . 
  you 've been complaining that the unwashed southern and eastern countries have been `` funneling refugees '' * all this time and now it 's ok ? 
  why the sudden change of heart ? 
  \\* - i do n't think you can funnel anyone who does n't want to be funneled , as we have found out multiple times . 
  the refugees want to go to germany and sweden and the pull factor is the government there , full stop . 
   how could brits judge hungary in a bad light ? 
  it 's surprisingly easy to judge someone when you : a ) can never be in their position b ) if you are , you 'd hand yourself over to the invaders to be their new best friend and rat out your ( former ) country mates to curry favor with your new overlords . 
  orb\u00e1n is the only western leader who did n't follow along with the plan to turn his country over to the unwashed hordes . 
  i 'm not usually one to go with conspiracy theories , but the more you read about this orchestrated `` crisis '' the more it reads like one . 
  george soros , for example has ngo 's funded by him which actively hand out aid and pamphlets to refugees to enable mass movement of people , including giving them information of what to do , what to say and where to go . 
  this is not an accidental problem . 
  it 's been years in the making . 
  me too !, 
  i ca n't wait for europe to split into warring tribes again !, 
  those were the days . 
  lol, 
  at this point , obama taking in even a few refugees is going to guarantee a trump presidency . 
  if hillary is elected , then i can see that happening . 
  she seems to share some of merkel 's values , if not all of them . 
  there are refugees and there are aggressive migrants , who are mostly young men no strangers to violence and mayhem . 
  europe seems to be eager to import the latter and leave the former to rot in camps in turkey . 
  the only time the politicians nowadays seem to act is when corporate interests are at stake . 
  then they make laws post haste with no regard for any constitution , human rights or dignity . 
  except when it comes to defending europeans , then they suddenly care about the invaders ' sensibilities and dignities . 
  the `` european solution '' according to merkel seems to be , `` the lifeboat is sinking , ok everyone take poison so that this is over quickly '', 
  moral imperialism . 
  from the german side , only de maiziere has been consistent and/or logical throughout this whole thing . 
  makes sense that he was removed post-haste . 
  they 're too busy moralizing to sell the fences and barbed wire they produce . 
  it 's the eu !, 
  solidarity means every country for itself !, 
  the authorities are schizophrenic with respect to following the law when it comes to illegals . 
  all the laws currently only apply to the citizens and lawful migrants . 
  anyone who is an illegal ( from the middle east ) or salafist or islamist has no laws applied . 
  yeah and then they will kill you if you dare to say that there can be multiple different viewpoints . 
  good luck maintaining tolerance and leftism in that environment . 
  every era has it 's fashionable bigots . 
  that still means it is state funded , because if they go against what the government wants them to report , they can suddenly find that their funding or privileges are cut , or important people are forced out .
