no , because funnily enough they 're never english-american , always scottish or irish . 
  i do n't really understand americans who claim they 're ` one of us ' , because they 're not . 
  they 're american whose great grandparents used to live here . 
  well that 's a bit arrogant , is n't it ? 
  they 're just americans , not long lost cousins . 
  when i think of boston , i think of tea in the harbour . 
  when i think of philadelphia , i think of cheese steaks ( whatever they are ) and baseball . 
  off the top of my head , and even as a history teacher i ca n't immediately think of anything historical in philadelphia . 
  i loooove american pancakes ridiculous amounts . 
  i 'm a teacher in the uk , and so far this year i 've been to berlin for a long weekend and the ww1 battlefields for a day with our students . 
  there was another overnight battlefields trip this weekend which i had to miss , but we 've got a third coming up in october . 
  the school also offers a chance to join a trip to shanghai , another one went to paris last weekend , and there 's an expedition going to ( i think ) madagascar with some older kids . 
  we 're a state school , but they 're very good at offering international opportunities . 
  most pet dogs in the uk are neutered , but the kennel club states that dogs who are shown have to stay intact . 
  our older one is a show dog , so he 's kept his bits , and the rescue one has had them removed . 
  not only that , but neutering often affects dogs coats and changes the texture of them . 
  our older one has no sexual behaviour issues , ( except maybe his habit of briefly humping his towel after dinner ) and is rarely off lead , so i do n't see the problem with it . 
  not that anyone knows what you have to do to get a 9 , or really what a ` good ' gcse grade will be . 
  a 4 or a 5 ? 
  who knows . 
  apparently 9s are only going to be for the top 1 % of pupils or some crap like that . 
  as a teacher i 've been asked to do predictions for my students taking it next year and i have n't predicted anyone higher than an 8 , as i do n't know if they can even get a 9 . 
  meanwhile , i 've heard other schools have predicted half their cohorts to get 9s . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  you get refills because you hardly have anything to drink in the first place , because your cup is all ice !, 
  i 'd rather have less ice , more liquid . 
  ca n't you see how in germany and other nazi-occupied countries that might be seen as an issue , though ? 
  why should just one side of the equation be remembered and the other ignored ? 
  they were still soldiers . 
  if you have a memorial for one , you should have a memorial for all , but then that 's obviously problematic for the whole idea about glorifying soldiers and civilians who fought with and for the nazis . 
  in britain , we see ourselves as on the ` right ' side of history so we hold public commemoration ceremonies . 
  in other countries with a more problematic 20th century they clearly prefer to memorialise in a more individual way than a nationalistic ceremony . 
  the 11th november is remembrance day here and we have a 2 minutes silence at 11am . 
  people also tend to wear poppies as a sign of respect , and to raise money for veterans associations . 
  the queen , politicians and various groups also lay wreaths of poppies at war memorials . 
  it was started as a way to commemorate the dead of ww1 , as the armistice was signed at 11am on the 11th november 1918 . 
  over the years it 's also grown to include ww2 and any wars where british service members have lost their lives . 
  25-30 generally , although that really varies . 
  some of the bottom set maths classes in my school are more like 12-15 , and exam classes should get smaller . 
  however , my subject is a popular choice as a gcse this year , and we 'll have 5 exam classes of 30 , whereas other subjects may only have 20 students per class . 
  well , the m25 that goes around london is more often known as london 's biggest car park , which tells you a lot . 
  most roads are fine , but there are some that always have roadworks or accidents on and are always jammed . 
  that 's all right !, 
  i usually do the same thing . 
  i drove to cumbria in november from suffolk , and it definitely took me 6-8 hours . 
  i 'll admit i did stop at services for an hour , but i left suffolk at 4 and got to our cottage near penrith at about half ten . 
  london 's an extra hour away from suffolk , too . 
  it took some of my other family 10 hours , but i think that was the m6 being an arse . 
  uh , no . 
  they 're nowhere near london . 
  the lake district is in cumbria , which is in the very north of england and about 8 hours drive from london , and the peak district is in the midlands . 
  it 's about 4 hours drive away . 
  they 're both areas of natural beauty and absolutely gorgeous places to visit . 
  if i remember right , the 2005 pride and prejudice film with keira knightley was shot in the peak district . 
  there 's not a british breakfast , but there is a full english breakfast and full scottish breakfast . 
  the only real difference is a couple of elements - if i remember right , scottish ones have black pudding and english ones have hash browns . 
  i 'm on a weekend away , so i 've started my day with a full scottish breakfast , a pot of tea and a cafetiere of coffee . 
  that means fried tomato , bacon , baked beans , scrambled egg , sausage , and toast with butter . 
  doing it properly !, 
  a lottery every year ?? 
  that sounds like a total nightmare !, 
  yeah , we just apply for jobs the normal way over here with applications and cvs . 
  i only started this job in september , but my contract is permanent . 
  both !, 
  but in different ways . 
  there 's less official paperwork and less people watching you , but the stakes get higher , especially if you have exam classes . 
  you also get to know the kids much better , and i looooove having my own classroom . 
  secondary history teacher yes , i love it . 
  it 's realllllly hard , but the kids and the rest of my team make it all worthwhile . 
  coming up two years . 
  i 'm about to teach india in the context of the british empire and the raj to year 8 . 
  unfortunately it 's only one lesson , so we barely even scrape the surface of it . 
  i 'd love to do more . 
  essex here , dad 's making simnel cake right now ( at mums request who was partially brought up in north shields ) . 
  in my rented house , it 's in the kitchen . 
  in my parents house it 's in the utility room with the tumble dryer . 
  our terminology is just that you ` leave ' school and 16 year olds at the end of year 11 or 18 year olds at the end of a-levels just call themselves ` leavers ' . 
  prom has become quite popular here over the last few years , but otherwise there 's no ceremony like a graduation to mark students finishing education ( except universities , of course ) . 
  cornflakes for breakfast , assorted sandwiches and crisps for lunch ( was at a conference ) , fruit pot in the afternoon then a mix of small pub bites for dinner . 
  plenty of tea drunk throughout . 
  my parents have a tumble dryer in their home , i just air dry mine in my smaller rented house . 
  it 's a good way of examining change and continuity over time , which is one of the key historical concepts . 
  it 's also a really good way of looking at history from the ground up rather than from the ` rich man ' view . 
  the other topics they now do for gcse are anglo-saxons and normans , cold war and civil rights in america . 
  not really ? 
  we tend to refer to recent events as a way to illustrate a bigger historical picture . 
  for example , i talked about the nice attacks with year 8 during their french revolution unit , because people used ` liberte , egalite , fraternite ' as a support hashtag and i wanted to discuss how that shows us how important the fr can still be for modern people . 
  and i 've explained what 9/11 is to the younger kids too , or used obama 's 2008 election as a springboard for discussing what a significant event is . 
  and of course , i took time out of a lesson or two to discuss trump 's election in november , because they were ( are ! ), 
  desperate to talk about it . 
  but recent events are n't part of the actual curriculum , no . 
  the closest the gcse medicine paper gets to modern subjects is the nhs , mri scans and the aids crisis . 
  at the moment i 'm teaching my classes the following : yr 7 : medieval life , about to move on to whether king john was a good or bad king . 
  yr 8 : industrial revolution yr 9 : ww2 ( varying lessons on the home front , dunkirk , the blitz , women at war , dresden and stalingrad ) . 
  yr 10 : medicine in britain ( 1250 - present ) . 
  right now they 're looking at gorbachev and fall of the ussr . 
  you 'd fall pretty neatly into the conservative ( centre-right ) camp in the uk or even ukip . 
  they favour private businesses and closed borders but are also pro gay rights , and pro green energy . 
  there 's r/askuk which is pretty healthy and active , and r/unitedkingdom , which is much more political . 
  i get called miss , or miss surname .
