  i do n't see why you do n't trust courts to make reasonable decisions . 
   what the hell kind of country is it you want ? 
  one where the legal system works just fine . 
  crime is low , recidivism is low , wrongful convictions are low , cops do n't shoot people in the back . 
  we 're doing fine . 
   edit : ... 
  the fifth amendment is us-specific , so i do n't care about that . 
  the european convention on human rights does n't say anything about the rules of evidence in court , neither does the right to silence in many other countries . 
  the police ca n't coerce me to incriminate myself . 
  it 's pretty given since torture , extortion , blackmail , etc. 
  are all illegal . 
  there 's no reason to have it in any way connected to how evidence is handled by a court . 
  they can trick me , but then that 's my problem for being a criminal and stupid enough to admit it . 
  you 're thinking that one particular problem can only be solved in one way and it 's exactly how your country handles it and no other solution is possible . 
  we 're doing fine here . 
  police do n't break the law that often because it 's illegal to do so , but when they happen to break it it does n't give a get out of jail free cards to the rich people who can afford a lawyer who 'll dig up the procedural errors . 
  edit : to expand the first paragraph . 
  if the police beat someone up and he confesses and shows them where the body was buried and gives them enough additional evidence to actually prove that he 's guilty i do n't see why it should suddenly make the person innocent . 
  the police beating someone up does not make the person more or less guilty . 
  it just makes the police guilty of a different crime . 
  a coerced confession is useless and courts know that , and since the thomas quick scandal even voluntary confessions are not valued that much anymore . 
   inadmissible this concept does not exist in swedish law . 
  the law explicitly spells out that anything can be used as evidence . 
  it 's up to the court to weigh each piece of evidence on its own merits . 
   fundamental rights [ which one is that ? 
  ] ( http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ ) why should you have a right to get away with crimes ? 
  if the criminal is allowed to lie to the police then why not even out the field and let the police lie to the criminal ? 
   authorities need incentives not to violate people 's rights they do have incentives not to violate rights . 
  it 's called the law . 
  if the police commits a crime when investigating something they will be investigated and tried in court . 
  just like normal people . 
  there 's no need for get out of jail free cards . 
  especially when the whole thing is rigged so that only the rich can afford lawyers that have time to find the loopholes . 
  most of the world does n't have the old english legal system ( popularized by hollywood ) based on trial by combat where two sides battle it out in front of a scorekeeper using arcane rules to find out who wins . 
  most of the world has a legal system where everyone involved ( including the judge , prosecutor and defense ) figures out what happened , how to fix it and how to prevent it from happening again . 
  and having weird rules that makes one side lose automatically because of some technicalities would be stupid . 
  what ? 
  a court case should n't be ruined just because the cops fucked up . 
  if the cops fuck up that will be resolved in a separate case . 
  complex rules of evidence just create opportunities to get out of jail free on technicalities and loopholes and expensive lawyers . 
  courts in sweden ( and a lot of the world ) have a system where the central thing is to figure out what happened , not to pin the blame on someone . 
  so any evidence will be considered regardless of technicalities . 
  then if the evidence was gathered through a crime that crime is a separate matter that will be dealt with separately . 
  it is in sweden . 
  pretty sure keflavik was a high priority target . 
  and just a few months ago the us military said they were considering moving back in . 
  i moved 800km away almost 30 years ago . 
  the closest potential ground zero now is 5km away if russia targets government centers , or 8.5 km away if they limit themselves to military installations . 
  til i used to live less than 3km from a designated ground zero . 
  interesting . 
  half the price and twice as fast as a taxi . 
  t4 is ok . 
  the old terminals were so fucking inefficient , confusing and constantly delayed . 
  my biggest experience from barajas was when i worked in madrid in 2007 and back then it was the most delayed airport in europe . 
  i had a few times when my flights were late ( 2-8 hours , they canceled if it was more than 9 hours late ) , the airport closed everything at 8 , no coffee , no drinks , nothing . 
  here 's some countries that must be really proud : uganda , somalia , north korea , iraq , afghanistan , turkmenistan . 
  and here is the parade of shame : uk , us , norway , netherlands , australia , finland , luxembourg , canada , switzerland , monaco , germany , japan , south korea , singapore . 
  you know what else solves a problem that is n't a problem that i did n't even know about two hours ago ? 
  something completely unrelated that i happen to like right now . 
  how is this news ? 
  it 's quite well understood that swedish industry survived the 60s , 70s and 80s by importing people from primarily jugoslavia , greece , chile and iran . 
  the pension system survives right now because of the immigration . 
  while having relatively high fertility rate compared to rest of europe it is still well below replacement rate . 
  with a very high life expectancy and very long average education we have a very high dependency ratio . 
  for the economy to not collapse under its own weight we need to replace people by other means than `` waiting for its own citizens to procreate and come of age '' because sweden has been below replacement rate fertility since the mid-60s ( when the relatively open borders started and have n't slowed down since then ) . 
  there might be propaganda from the social democrats about human rights and `` doing the right thing '' , but i would argue that it 's more marketing than anything else . 
  actually , it 's quite possible that the current government has a bit too many people who believe their own propaganda , but it 's fine because it happens to work right now . 
  the governments have been doing the economically smart thing here completely ignoring popular opinion for a 100 years . 
  and the results are pretty good . 
  i have a challenge for you . 
  the sun is setting in stockholm right now and it 's going to be pitch black in an hour . 
  find a way to blame that on pc culture and immigration . 
  i 'm trying to decode what you 're saying here . 
   i feel this is something that might start happening in countries that are taking in many refugees  remember breivik  we need to stop the flow of refugees do you mean this as a threat ? 
  it could be interpreted as that . 
  `` stop the flow of refugees , or else breivik '' . 
  or do you mean it as a capitulation to terrorists ? 
  some fuckheads go around killing people , so we have to do what they want . 
  you do n't get what ? 
  that properly done statistics do n't align with your world view ? 
  deal with it . 
  reality is n't what you want it to be , it is what it is . 
   sweden has had a big problem with political violence for a long time , and most of that violence actually came from the far-left last time any stats were published most of the politically motivated crimes were committed by the far right . 
  the ratio was something like 10:7 crimes . 
  it was even worse if you looked at violent crimes where the far-right was averaging 1 political murder a year ( vs. 0 for the far left ) and twice as many assaults ( do n't really remember the details , but it was more than one per month ) . 
  probably because the far left mostly just beat up the far right , while the far right has more targets - the far left , immigrants and gays . 
  it 's the greyness caused by lack of sun and constant overcast weather . 
  in light like this you could take a picture of a pride parade and it would look like a funeral . 
  and people wonder why we drink so much alcohol and coffee . 
  i just got inspired to book a vacation to somewhere sunny around new years , thanks for reminding me . 
  time flies like an arrow . 
  fruit flies like a banana . 
  are n't those numbers from that exchange student organization ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen them before . 
  if it 's from that exchange student organization the numbers are flawed because they only test people who self-select to go study in another country . 
  they will obviously be more confident in their language skills . 
  i do n't agree with your experience . 
  both the dutch and the swedish have very distinct accents . 
  vocabulary , grammar and even idioms are fully functional , but you can hear peculiarities in pronunciation . 
  you might think that the swedish accent is particularly grinding ( it is for me ) , while the dutch accent sounds fine , but i suspect it 's because you recognize it , identify it as the swedish chef and it 's too deep in the uncanny valley .
