  i actually discussed this exact topic with a dutch friend . 
  he says that my english accent is obviously from sweden but it still sounds great while his sounds idiotic and i thought the opposite , i hated my accent and thought his sounded fine . 
  random political anti-government stuff . 
  dunno , but that 's what he had all the time , at least when i was old enough to read . 
  probably closer to two hours . 
  although i 'm fairly sure they had dedicated buses for people coming in from warsaw . 
  incidentally , if you look at the [ entrance to the facility on google street view ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@52.1259703,21.3388652,3a,75y,131.41h,90.14t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1so-8kuiep49o5pupedxfulw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , there 's a bus right there and it 's probably old enough to be the same bus as in the 80s . 
  well , how would you feel ? 
  first , fuck . 
  then , eh ? 
  no one reacted , and most likely dozens of people saw it and knew exactly what was going on . 
  just like the guard . 
  it probably gave them the courage for more stupid stunts later . 
  he told me they decided hang a solidarnosc banner on the chimney to the nuclear reactor at night and to prevent the guards from pulling it down before people arrived in the morning they blocked the stairs with empty containers for spent nuclear fuel . 
  the guards knew they were n't allowed near anything with the trefoil symbols . 
  ( it failed though because it rained during the night and the banner was made from paper ), 
  my friends mother got caught by border control smuggling in george orwell books . 
  she got away with it saying that , yes , that author was on the forbidden list , but it was just a dude with the same name . 
  `` animal farm '' , look in a dictionary , it 's obviously a textbook about farming . 
  the border control dude bought it . 
  although i 'm not sure if it was illiteracy or just strategic incompetence . 
  most people in the country hated the government , including guards , police , etc. 
  my father got caught by the gate guard at his workplace some time in the early 80s . 
  he was smuggling a stack of illegal leaflets . 
  his trick was to put them inside the pants at the lower back . 
  what he did n't know that day was that his jacket got stuck between the leaflets and his back and most likely he went on buses between west warsaw and all the way to otwock with all the leaflets sticking out . 
  the guard saw this , stopped him and told him to adjust his jacket . 
  and this was a high security installation ( nuclear reactor ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that guard knew exactly what was going on . 
  i 've never , ever , in my entire life been , seen or even heard about anyone past primary school being stopped , punished , scolded , tutted at or even looked at disapprovingly for walking on a red light . 
  everyone does it all the time . 
  and in trouble for what ? 
  while it still might be illegal ( not sure , it used to be illegal 20 years ago ) , it has never been punishable by anything so the cops do n't give a shit . 
  i think defaulting to the conformist/lawful/cooperative ( depends on how you want to look at it , i prefer to look at it as cooperative behavior ) is a good thing . 
  when most people in a society default to a cooperative behavior then it 's much safer for you to assume that other peoples behavior wo n't be something you need to react to . 
  it lowers the amount of attention you need to pay in daily interactions and you can focus on things that are more important . 
  you can simply assume that people wo n't try to screw you over so you do n't need to spend energy thinking how to screw them back and you do n't need to preemptively screw them before they screw you . 
  since there 's less preemptive screwing you enter a feedback loop that since you do n't need to worry about being preemptively screwed , you do n't need to do preemptive screwing and no one gets screwed too much . 
  i think queueing behavior is such good indicator of how a society functions . 
  queues are easy to subvert , it 's easy to screw others in a queue , it 's easy for a queue to descend into anarchy . 
  but when you see a proper queue then you know that it has n't broken down to a blob of people outside the door because people in the queue expect others to behave properly so there 's no reason to preemptively screw them over by rushing to the front . 
  i do n't think you concentration camp guard thing has anything to do with this . 
  conformism is not obedience or respect for authority , conformism is the path of least resistance when you have mutual respect with your peers . 
  you can get absurd/inefficient corner cases ( like the red light with no cars ) , but that 's a small price to pay to not have to watch your back all the time . 
  and with some minor tweaking , you can smooth out the corner cases in time ( like the red light in sweden , it is illegal to cross the street on a red light but there 's no punishment for it ) . 
  other cultures have managed to shun smoking through heavy-handed and effective government interventions . 
  the cultural shunning of smoking was an effect of those , not a cause . 
  for inside smoking sweden managed to get rid of smoking in offices by making it into a work safety environment issue , with the unions in charge of enforcement ; you do n't fuck with unions here and they 'll take any power they can get , so it was a perfect match . 
  in restaurants when anyone was caught smoking in a restaurant it was an immediate cause for the restaurant to lose their alcohol permit ( which is pretty much a death sentence to the business ) . 
  there was a lot of whining about it when it happened . 
  it took about 10 years to go from `` the fucking govnazis are making fun illegal '' to `` of course i never smoke inside , all the fun conversations are outside with the smokers anyway '' . 
  the general shunning of smoking was an effect of dozens of other small interventions , including taxes , propaganda , bans , etc. 
   but this happens only in greece , when the same people move abroad they wo n't dare to light a cigarette in a public space , which means that the lack of law enforcement and the `` assurance '' that their peers act similarly drive this behaviour . 
  you could n't be more right . 
  i went to lunch with my greek friend just three hours ago . 
  we needed to cross the street . 
  there was a red light and not a single car in sight . 
  i did n't push the button , just crossed the street on a red light . 
  he stood there for almost a minute , no cars in sight , until he realized that the button was n't pushed . 
  then he pushed the button , waited for a green light and passed . 
  i actually mocked him for it . 
  in greece , he used to drive drunk and like a maniac , would n't even consider a red light as anything more than an suggestion . 
  in sweden , he 's law-abiding to an almost psychotic level and says he 's loving it . 
  it 's fascinating to watch the transformation . 
  i believe that next year if we go visit some greek island again he 'll finally refuse to allow his friends to drink before driving . 
  three years ago he was fine with drinking a few beers and a mojito himself when driving , last year he did n't say anything to his friends but did n't drink himself , this year he told his friends he would n't consider drinking on the same day as driving , i suspect next year there will be fights over car keys . 
  the customer service is honest , you 're just not used to it . 
  they are not working for a slave wage they ca n't survive on and therefore do n't need to con tips out of you . 
  if you give them shit , they will give you shit back . 
  in most of the cases i 've heard an american whine about customer service if you dig down into it it was because they could n't understand why they could n't get away with being an asshole like they are used to in the us . 
  customer service in europe wo n't use the fake smiles and wo n't suck your dick for tips . 
  that 's not called bad customer service , that 's called job security . 
  economic decline ? 
  that explains why the fertility rate is so high in the economic powerhouses like niger , somalia , afghanistan , congo and ethiopia while the poverty-stricken singapore , hong kong , south korea , japan and germany have no kids . 
  you could spend 3 minutes with wikipedia to see how flawed this argument is . 
  prosperity leads to lower fertility . 
  the better you 're doing , the fewer kids you have . 
  this has been the central undisputed fact of demographics known for decades . 
  it 's such a strong correlation that it is often used as a proxy to measure the long term development of a country if other statistics are unreliable ( like for example gdp , incomes , etc. ), 
  because counting people is pretty easy . 
  suddenly , for not much longer than the past year , a bunch of people are popping up on the internet and screaming that this is somehow news and a bad thing and start inventing strange arguments about it , anything between inequality , immigration and economics or whatever else happens to fit their agenda . 
  where the hell does this come from ? 
  who started this meme ? 
  when sweden fulfills all the requirements to join it . 
  currently we do n't . 
  sweden does not have any special exception from the requirement to join the euro , we just do n't fulfill one of the requirements to be able join . 
  not really , or rather , last time i needed sources on this they were all over the place . 
  i was in an internet argument a few years ago and decided to do the math by googling numbers for fuel consumption of cargo ships and greenhouses . 
  ended up somewhere around 15x more fuel used by greenhouse than ship . 
  then googled articles that might be mentioning this issue and they are all between 5x and 15x . 
   shipped halfway across the world shipping is often much better for the environment than local production in greenhouses . 
  for example locally produced tomatoes in sweden use 10 times more oil for heating greenhouses than it takes to ship them from spain , you could ship them from australia and still use less oil than local production . 
  this goes for pretty much all vegetables except potatoes , onions , carrots and a few more that can survive winter . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm not aware of many politicians that would n't score some cheap points by criticizing someone who they wo n't even need to debate . 
  it could have even been encouraged by boris if they are close enough friends ( not sure about that though ) . 
  i suspect that gove is running only because bojo told him about his intentions earlier . 
  latest opinion poll in sweden run just after the brexit vote shows 30 % support for leaving . 
  the bi-annual official opinion polls have been at that level for a decade . 
  the region that voted most against joining the eu back when we had the referendum in the 90s and is still the most negative to the eu is now within a couple of percentage points split equally between leave and stay , everywhere else is pretty much solidly for staying .
