  let 's start with `` last time '' . 
  in fact there are a shitload of construction projects right now . 
  last year stockholm built more apartments than people moving into the city . 
  to be fair , this was the first time this happened in decades which is why it was news . 
  the camping in tents was a gimmick for whatever reason , i suspect it 's because of the fact that this was a hipster area . 
  i 've been slowly shopping around for a newly built apartment in the past few years , not because i want one right now but i 'm curious and if i happen to find something great i might want to buy it and there 's never any issue of just clicking on a website and you 'll be able to buy . 
  buying an apartment in stockholm right now is trivial . 
  there 's tons of them out there . 
  it 's renting that 's the problem . 
  so you want to replace some co2 emissions with more co2 emissions because you do n't want to excuse it ? 
  or do you think we should stop eating most vegetables and most fruit ? 
  i believe that from a climate change perspective we should ship more stuff , not less . 
  it does make sense to ship bauxite from australia to iceland to lower co2 emissions because in iceland the aluminum can be produced with reliable and cheap hydro power instead of burning coal in australia , it does make sense to ship tomatoes from portugal to japan , it does make sense to ship bananas from south america to ireland , etc. 
  shipping is so much better than trying to make bad and expensive things locally . 
  the `` locally produced '' label that 's so popular here for me just means `` we burned shitloads of oil to make a worse and more expensive product that can only survive on the market thanks to subsidies and aggressive nationalistic marketing '' . 
  why just transport ? 
  why not production ? 
  if co2 costs of production were taken into account , northern europe would n't be producing any tomatoes and many other vegetables since most of the heating of greenhouses is done with oil and uses vastly more of it than transport . 
  the reason spanish vegetables are cheaper than your local ones is because it takes 10 times more energy to heat your local greenhouse this far north than to transport everything from spain on a ship . 
  ( this is true for at least tomatoes , i have n't looked up the numbers for other vegetables ), 
  thank you for assigning me political views i did n't know i had . 
  i thought i was expressing what could as well have been a libertarian point of view , but now we know that apparently if you do n't support an authoritarian government you 're literally lenin . 
  i do n't know about the netherlands , but i heard the system is similar to sweden . 
  we do n't need a constitutional court for two reasons : 1 . 
  you ca n't just write a new law overnight , vote it through and have it be valid the next day . 
  the process of writing laws here is very long with opinions fetched from all over the civil society , long hearings in the constitutional commission , etc. 
  by the time a law is ready to be voted on it has already been checked for being compatible with other laws . 
  our highest court sets precedents to all other courts for how laws should be interpreted and one of their jobs is to make sure that our fundamental laws ( sweden does n't have a something called a constitution , we have some fundamental laws that are higher priority and harder to change than others ) supersede other laws . 
  so if some new law that happens to violate the constitution manages to squeeze past the legislative process , the highest court can still tell other courts how to interpret it correctly , which can go as far as telling the other courts to ignore it . 
  well , what other word do you suggest to describe a political system where laws are ignored by those in power and decisions can be changed at their whim ? 
  i do n't have a better one . 
   i would refrain from calling it a dictatorship . 
  for now i 'd agree . 
  they have n't succeeded yet . 
  but the only way to run a country after abandoning rule of law is dictatorship , at least as far as i know . 
  it 's does n't have to be violent , it does n't have to be oppressive , it just means rather than institutions and laws a few people at the spur of the moment make decisions unhindered by rules , checks and balances . 
  maybe there 's a different word that does n't make people so upset when they hear it . 
  despotism , maybe , but sounds even worse . 
  autocracy , nah , it 's usually used when one dude makes all the decisions . 
  oligarchy , nah , it is a popular movement after all . 
  i 've been wondering what the proper term for the opposite of `` rule of law '' is . 
  `` take a giant shit on the constitution '' is certainly colorful , but i think in polite society it is called `` dictatorship '' . 
  i guess the answer is that fas 3 are considered as unemployed . 
  at least based on this 5 years old document , i have n't found a newer one . 
  the people in school i do n't know , i was considered as unemployed when i did that , but i found a fantastic job within two months ( i 'll never get a bloody degree ) , so i do n't know how that works in the long term . 
  whatever it is it 's the same standard as the rest of the eu . 
  the employment rate statistics i posted are much harder to fiddle with and from those we can see that sweden has exceptionally high employment rates . 
  highest in the eu , third highest among the countries covered by eurostat . 
  based on numbers from 2013 , the fourth highest in oecd ( probably third now since we passed norway in the past 2 years ) . 
  you also need to consider what other countries consider as not unemployed . 
  i suspect the reason why the employment numbers compare so much better to other countries than unemployment numbers for sweden is because we have almost no housewives . 
  women are expected to work and they do . 
  other countries probably have much higher numbers of people outside the workforce and not considered as unemployed because it 's much more common to have women stay at home . 
  that 's why `` my friends happen to match the national average by accident '' is there . 
  i suspected that this may be the case . 
  but it 's still just an accident . 
  since 2007 the numbers scb publishes in aku use the same method as every other eu country . 
  btw . 
  if you want less `` misleading '' numbers , try this : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/graph.do?tab=graph&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=t2020_10&amp;language=en&amp;toolbox=type it 's much simpler . 
  `` the employment rate is calculated by dividing the number of persons aged 20 to 64 in employment by the total population of the same age group . '', 
   i 'm 25 and 60-70 % of my friends are not working at all , never did . 
  i 've never seen a `` my friends '' reference that was actually a representative cross-section of the population . 
  this could mean anything between `` we 're the most employable people in the country and 70 % never worked '' through `` my friends happen to match the national average by accident '' to `` i like to hang out with bums '' . 
  nordic roasts are very light . 
  the more you roast the less caffeine the coffee will have . 
  we need the caffeine to cure the depression caused by winter darkness , the summer light insomnia and the spring and fall weather . 
   you call that warm cola a coffee ? 
  why not an espresso . 
  finland consumes the most coffee per capita in the world . 
  three times as much as italy . 
  there is a lesson about proper coffee to be learned , but you 're mistaken about which direction it should go . 
  a proper cup of nordic coffee from a brewing machine like that is three times as strong as an espresso . 
  edit ( must rant more ) : people think that espresso is strong because it 's cloudy . 
  while actually it 's pushed through the coffee too fast to absorb the caffeine and most often uses a darker roast of coffee which also destroys the caffeine . 
  so you taste ash and think it 's strong coffee ( i drink espressos because i 'm too weak for proper coffee ) . 
  to be fair , drip coffee is n't stronger per unit of volume than espresso , but you drink much more of it . 
  if you want coffee that actually extracts everything that should be extracted from the beans get a percolator ( popular up north in finland and sweden ) , but that brew is dangerous to mortals . 
  unless you mean `` give them a plane ticket to north korea that they can choose to not use '' your idea of forcing someone to do something just because they hold an opinion not aligned with your opinion on freedom of speech shows a hilarious lack of self awareness . 
  you do n't like people expressing opinions agreeing with limits of free speech . 
  so you want to deport them . 
  i 'm an old man , so i 'm not entirely up to date with how kids talk , but this is the same as back in my day when someone said `` i 'm not racist , but ... '' , right ? 
  it 's tracked . 
  why is this important to you ? 
  why ? 
  i was asked in school if i wanted extra lessons in my mother tongue . 
  i said yes , they found a class in a nearby school that i could visit once a week . 
  why would this require nation-wide statistics ? 
  data protection directive : `` member states shall prohibit the processing of personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin , political opinions , religious or philosophical beliefs , trade-union membership , and the processing of data concerning health or sex life . '', 
  extra restrictions apply to those things . 
  and it is there for a good reason . 
  there have been cases where state-run religious registers were used to give some people train rides and a shower . 
  sex life information has been used by the kgb to find targets for extortion ( spy for us or we 'll tell the world you suck cock ) . 
  sweden is extra paranoid about this because of many scandals in the 60s-80s where people were discriminated against because of their political associations . 
  like ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  xenophobia will exist regardless if it 's against immigrants , gays , redheads or left-handed people . 
  you can always find a way to divide people into us vs. them and find a reason to hate `` them '' . 
   they do n't have muslims . 
  from the source used to make the map : `` islamic fundamentalism was not the main cause of terrorism in the west over the last nine years . 
  eighty per cent of deaths by lone wolf terrorists in the west were driven by right wing extremism , nationalism , antigovernment sentiment and political extremism and other forms of supremacy . '',
