  that just looks like a generic house . 
  they are just too expensive and require too much land . 
  why waste that on something temporary . 
   and the effect of ethnic swedes doing less babies due to not being able to afford home anymore will escalate even further where does this argument come from ? 
  for the past 30 years of immigration debates ( as long as i 've been following them , i 'm old ) this has never been an argument other than for immigration ( `` we have fertility below replacement rate , so immigration is good to offset the demographic shift '' ) and suddenly this has popped up five times in the past few months as something immigration is causing rather than solving . 
  we have the third highest fertility rate in the eu . 
  it 's quite ok . below replacement rate , but it has been there for the past 60 years and immigration has been used to offset the negative effects of it . 
  and regarding the housing bubble . 
  i 'm not even sure it 's actually a bubble ( he says after selling his apartment with 800 % profit and moving into a rental ) . 
  right now the housing prices ( in stockholm/g \u00f6teborg / malm\u00f6 , there is n't a bubble or shortage in many more places outside the large cities in sweden ) are on par where they should be when looking at housing price to income ratio . 
  stockholm has something around 14th highest incomes in the world and 12th most expensive apartments . 
  the reason for the prices going up so much is that 's almost impossible to build anything ( some nimby shot down yet another good project just last friday because it would ruin his view from some cementery ) . 
  housing prices are mostly unrelated to immigration because those prices are driven by people with large incomes who move into the large cities from the countryside . 
  refugees ca n't afford an apartment in stockholm so i suspect they have 0 effect on those prices . 
  they also have 0 effect on rent because rent is regulated and they do n't have the queue time to use it . 
  they do have an effect on the subletting rents though , but anyone born here or who has lived here for 10 + years does n't care . 
  why do you think you get those stories about refugees refusing the get off a bus when they got bussed to some buttfuck nowhere . 
  because they are dumped in towns where most of the normal people already moved to stockholm/malm \u00f6 / g\u00f6teborg . 
  stockholm with 20 + % of the population of the country received 0.4 % of the refugees last year and will be forced by the government to up that to 2 % this year which they 'll do by building [ modular buildings like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/swtkozy.jpg ) ( that 's an actual picture from marketing from a company that builds those specifically for refugees ) . 
  so many people on the internet are thinking that this is something new and that it has n't been done for decades and we have no experience dealing with it . 
  sure , it was a bit overdone last year , but not by much . 
  immigration last year was only 30-50 % bigger than the year before . 
  sweden knows how to use immigrants to their fullest potential while keeping all the good stuff to ethnic ( or well integrated ) swedes . 
  that 's why 50 % of the unemployed are refugees ( which means that the unemployment rate for non-refugees is 3.5 % ) . 
  debt to gdp is dropping . 
  which loans are you talking about ? 
  why are you interested in the results after 25-30 years of a policy rather than 20 ? 
  this happened and was well published for years before he allegedly raped someone . 
  even wikileaks published a bunch of documents about it . 
  why did he come here then ? 
   thus he does n't want go to sweden . 
  then why did he ? 
  there would be no rape allegations if he 'd just stay the fuck away instead of coming here and trying to become a permanent resident . 
  you ca n't `` claim diplomatic immunity '' . 
  you can be sent to a country as a diplomat and the receiving country can reject you at any time . 
  all diplomats in the uk have to be accredited by the uk government before coming to the country . 
  this is purely theoretical though because ecuador are n't stupid enough to give him a diplomatic passport . 
  what was unlawful was skipping bail . 
  which he did by escaping the jurisdiction of the uk police . 
  it 's unlawful regardless if he escapes the police by flying , swimming , teleporting or staying inside an embassy . 
   violate the swedish constitution which assange and his supporters know . 
  so if any politician ever made the stupid decision to give such a guarantee they could immediately just turn around and say `` ha , look !, 
  they are lying , it 's illegal for the government to give such a guarantee , it 's an obvious trap . '', 
  yes , sweden is such a hellhole that extradites people to guantanamo every day that assange went there to try and become a permanent resident . 
  why do you think he was there in the first place ? 
  he would n't have a chance to allegedly rape anyone if he was n't in the country . 
  then it suddenly changed from `` i want to live here permanently '' to `` they 're coming to take me away '' . 
  he 's good at making up conspiracy theories that kids on the internet believe in . 
  the most hilarious resolution to this story will be when he finally leaves the embassy , gets extradited , the prosecutor gets to do what they want , finds him not guilty ( or maybe he 'll have to wait for a few months for a court to do that ) and he goes free . 
  btw . 
  even if he was found guilty of rape , he 'd be out of prison now . 
  idiot jailed himself and he 's whining now how unfair that is . 
  blocking is faster and easier because the blocks have no legal oversight . 
  either you need to make an effort , write a legal complaint , wait for a response from the accused , convince a judge , etc. 
  or you can just ask an anonymous bureaucrat to push a button . 
  a bunch of years ago the swedish child porn filter leaked out . 
  a journalist got hold of it , contacted a random sample of the hosting companies that were blocked and most of them removed the offending content within a few hours to days . 
  all of them claimed to have never been alerted to the problem before the contact from the journalist . 
  total bullshit spread by fox news who were trying to indoctrinate people that atheism causes suicides based on made up statistics from the 60s ( which was about religion back then too ) . 
  even disregarding that cause of death statistics in scandinavian countries are more accurate and honest than usual and suicide is n't a religious taboo that gets hidden and misreported all scandinavian countries rank at or below eu average suicide rate . 
  finland ( not a scandinavian country ) is above average , but not even top 5 . 
  [ first stats i found ] ( http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/sites/9789264183896-en/01/07/g1-07-01.html?contenttype=&amp;itemid=%2fcontent%2fchapter%2f9789264183896-10-en&amp;mimetype=text%2fhtml&amp;containeritemid=%2fcontent%2fserial%2f23056088&amp;accessitemids=&amp;_csp_=be14f43f3ab04271fcf917d221d83f55 ) but why spend 2 minutes to look at reality when you can just repeat fabricated bullshit . 
  yet in surveys sweden places always near the top when it comes to trust in police and courts . 
  so maybe rules of evidence are n't as important as you think . 
  i 've actually done some reading . 
  the reason for sweden having no rules of evidence ( for which a side effect is that illegally obtained evidence can be used in courts ) is actually quite simple . 
  the lawmakers did n't feel they have the competence and time to regulate every single thing and keep up with changing times and they did n't want to give that power to the government because the justice system is fiercely independent from the government ( so much that ministers tweeting their pleasure or displeasure at some court outcome have been dragged in front of the constitutional commission ) . 
  so the decision on what to allow is left to the courts with precedents guiding them . 
  it is criticized a bit sometimes because it leads to different courts giving different weight to different evidence which means that most cases where evidence is in question get appealed to a higher court ( second level courts are apparently much more consistent ) and it puts too much load on them . 
  in the past 20 years ( did n't bother looking further back ) this has n't really been in a huge problem . 
  the cases that ended up in the highest court were : - dui blood test that was performed by a lab technician instead of a nurse or doctor . 
  the evidence was allowed because the requirement of the poking being done by a doctor/nurse is there for safety and does n't affect the reliability of the blood test . 
  - footage from an illegally installed cctv camera . 
  disallowed . 
  not because the camera was illegal , but because it was given to the police anonymously and a defendant has a right to know who his accuser is . 
  - interrogation transcript with an incorrectly identified witness . 
  generally witness interviews are done in court so police transcripts are n't that very important . 
  allowed because even though the defense did n't know the identity of the witness at first and anonymous witnesses are n't allowed this was later resolved by correctly identifying the witness and there was no practical way to get him to come to court ( since he had been deported ) . 
  - wiretap for investigating one crime also overheard talk about some other crime . 
  allowed . 
  - dude admits to arson when bragging to undercover police who pretended to interview him for a job in a criminal organization . 
  allowed . 
  in your country does the law not apply to the police and they are allowed to do anything and the only way to keep them in line is to sabotage their work ? 
  yes , it is illegal for the police to knowingly lie to a suspect about being interrogated here too . 
  the solution to that is to punish the police officers who do it . 
  not to fuck up court cases . 
   the police brutality case is dismissed for lack of evidence or whatever else . 
  how about this : the police brutality case is dismissed for lack of evidence which means that it suddenly becomes evidence that 's admissible in court in the us too . 
  i do n't see how admissibility of evidence in court has changed your scenario at all . 
   the right to silence is a fundamental right for a fair trial , which means that if evidence breaking that right means the defendant has n't gotten a fair trial . 
  the right to silence only means that courts are not allowed to use your refusal to answer questions as evidence for anything . 
  not sure why you keep bringing it up . 
  the right to silence does n't mean that the police ca n't beat you up . 
  there are other laws that stop them from doing that . 
  and there 's nothing inherent in admissibility of illegally obtained evidence to court that makes those things more or less likely to happen . 
   you 're basically saying that if information is literally beaten out of me , by police or otherwise , it can be used against me in court . 
  sure ? 
  why not ? 
  first the court throws it out because it 's useless information , then some other court sentences the police for beating you up because it 's illegal to beat people up . 
  what 's the problem ?
