  fair enough . 
  false hope how ? 
  hydro is better in all ways than solar and wind . 
  i have too many things to do , i 'm stressed out , in a terrible mood and completely unfocused today . 
  i 'm not touching any of the projects i need to do and i 'll probably go home an hour early . 
  because i care about the company . 
  i know how much damage i can cause when in this shape . 
  this is the same as the argument about vacations in europe . 
  the question `` how does anything get done when people are working so little ? '', 
  should always be answered with `` how does anything get done when people are tired , stressed out and never recharge ? '' . 
  when your job is measured in how many bricks you lay then longer hours make sense . 
  when you measure in how well those bricks align then there is a point where more hours leads to worse output . 
  i support every regions right to independence . 
  as much as i support peoples right to sign contracts . 
  but neither is acceptable under duress . 
  if their view is that they want to be independent/join the russian federation they will lose nothing by waiting a bit , letting things settle and then having a fair vote about it after a public debate . 
  it 's hard to have a debate when talking gets drowned out by noise from tanks . 
  there are riots in hamburg all the time . 
  a friend of mine lives a stone throw away from rote flora and i visited him two years ago on the weekend of schanzenfest . 
  i did n't actually know it was that weekend , it was a coincidence . 
  they had their illegal street party , sold vegetarian food , beer and socialist literature , a few random concerts on a random stage , some random speeches , everything was cool and calm during the day , at around 21:30 all the street vendors packed up , the illegal fire started around 22:00 , the illegal fireworks started at 22:30 , the riot started at 22:45 , the 2500 cops and 5 water cannons showed up at 23:30 , the street was cleared , the people who did n't want to fight cops or rioters spread out to the local bars and continued drinking beer and we went back home through three police lines at around 1 ( my friend had to show proof that he lived there ) . 
  i would have thought a bunch of idiots trying to torch a bank ( with the locals trying to stop them ) and 2500 cops would be major headlines but apparently for that neighborhood it was a business as usual . 
  that riot happens every year for the past 10-20 years with more or less the same schedule every time . 
  plus every may 1 : st and other good protest occasions . 
  i talked to a cop i know in sweden and according to him cops from all over europe visit those riots for education . 
  the banks in the area have almost indestructible shutters in front of the doors and windows , mcdonalds has bulletproof glass and all the other businesses just hang a `` flora bleibt '' sign in their windows which makes them practically untouchable . 
  many caf\u00e9s and bars even remained open during the riot . 
  the local high caffeine cola sold in that area called fritz-kola even references riots in an ad : `` nur wasserwerfer machen wacher '' ( `` only water cannon makes you more awake '' or something like that ) . 
  the riots in december were much more serious than the usual `` we 're still here '' from the protestors and `` yes , we know '' from the cops . 
  trying to close rote flora was not a smart move . 
  i prefer to mention the teller-ulam design . 
  then we 're back to `` where did they spend the $ 50g then ? '' . 
  if you 're organizing an event that 's supposed to impress people and spend more money than anyone has ever spent before that money should have been used to impress people . 
  especially the people whose job it is to either write `` i 'm impressed '' or post pictures of trashcans full of poop . 
  and actually . 
  mixing facts into an otherwise fun discussion . 
  it 's not a local infrastructure problem . 
  i 've had this explained to me by someone who actually knows how it works last year when i was staying on a camping in greece with trashcans and large signs about not flushing the paper . 
  given enough time good toilet paper fragments in water into smaller pieces than crap so the only trouble you can get with clogged pipes is in the pipes between the crapper and the main sewage pipes ( or the septic tank ) . 
  also , hotels and other places where people do n't bring their own paper can easily solve this problem by just buying better paper that dissolves more easily . 
  a properly run hotel or public facility will never have a problem with paper clogging their pipes unless they are ancient , comically badly built and/or cheap when buying supplies . 
  many places in greece still do the whole `` do n't throw in toilet paper into the toilet '' only because of old habit from when they were using something closer to sand paper than the smooth and silky space age material we wipe our butts with today . 
  bad heating is solvable with more clothes . 
  bad air conditioning is solvable with less clothes . 
  and judging from my experiences staying in hotels for business in probably close to 50 cities all over the world i 'd say that others have the same priorities . 
  i 've had bad air conditioning , very cold rooms , dirty rooms , rude staff , bad fire safety , terrible cleaning , etc. 
  but i 've never had a bad toilet and bad water only once ( and that was in a hotel in iceland where they did n't have a hydrogen sulfide filter and the water smelled bad , but was n't dangerous ) . 
  in fairness the toilet paper bins happen in third rate hotels and hostels that were the only thing i could afford when i was still in school . 
  when traveling for work to hotels that charge you business class prices you expect a certain level of plumbing . 
  especially when the whole town was rebuilt for the purpose of hosting the biggest media event that will happen in the country for years and is specifically designed to show off . 
  they are bragging about spending $ 50g . 
  they also say that they plan for 1.1 million visitors ( that 's from their plans ) . 
  that 's almost $ 45k per visitor . 
  if you ca n't afford to install decent plumbing for $ 45000 then something is seriously wrong . 
  and in the list of priorities for decently hosting visitors for a huge media event i would rank the event as number 1 , food as number 2 , plumbing as number 3 and the rest such as sleeping comfort , heating , cleaning , transportation after that . 
  your time window is n't that very good for hiking and climbing . 
  you can forget most mountains until end of may . 
  it still too cold and too much snow to enjoy it for anything other than a challenge . 
  not that very much different from the rockies . 
  so if you 're interested in that kind of nature , aim late in your time window and go south like sierra nevada or corsica or maybe the southern side of the alps in italy . 
  the mountains in romania also look good on paper for early season . 
  while non-mountain hiking is doable earlier , it 's still not much fun in the northern parts of europe ( by that i mean alps and north ) unless you like mud and washed out trails and streams and rivers too high to pass . 
  kungsleden does n't open for the summer season until around the end of june . 
  $ 100k will not buy you much . 
  in central stockholm that 's enough for 13 m ^ 2 and since there are no apartments that small and smaller apartments are more expensive than the average , for 100k you 'll have to move either very far from the city or in a shitty area . 
  you have to go 45 minutes commute away from the city with a high monthly fee to get something this cheap . 
  because the current system replaced a thoroughly abusive and corrupt previous system where landlords had too much power . 
  simple consumer protection . 
  it 's gone a little bit too far , especially because it 's slowly making the housing situation in stockholm worse , but generally it 's a good idea . 
  also , it 's not the government . 
  the queue is by the run by stockholm municipality ( some other municipalities in the county are also connected to the same system ) . 
  and you do n't rent from them , they are just the broker . 
  even private landlords have to go through the queue . 
  that 's part of the regulation . 
  or if i recall correctly at least 85 % of their apartments have to . 
  the remaining 15 % usually go through specialized brokers that usually end up renting out to short term corporate contracts ( people coming here to work for a few months ) . 
  there 's a second hand market . 
  it basically means that someone has a first hand contract and they leave the country for a while or a spare room or spare apartment ( which is mostly not allowed by most contracts ) and they rent it out for a small profit . 
  this is also regulated and in the past you could n't legally profit that much from it , but the regulations have been changed last year and the prices and the supply have gone up a lot . 
  but most second hand contracts are short term - few months to a year . 
  many people who moved to stockholm have stories about having to move from place to place a dozen times before they found something permanent . 
  there 's lots of rental apartments . 
  but still not nearly enough . 
  there 's strict regulation and one central queue to get one . 
  your time in the queue decides the priority of getting the place you 're interested in and if you accept a contract your queue time gets reset . 
  80 % of apartments contracts are signed after 4-8 years of queue time and most of them are in suburbs far away from the city . 
  some get lucky and get something early , others wait 25 years to end up somewhere central . 
  norway has n't entirely . 
  svalbard still runs a coal plant . 
  how can they be racing to be world first to do something that iceland has achieved long ago ? 
  edit : not being sarcastic . 
  i 'm genuinely curious about what the criteria are here . 
  iceland is an island and uses all renewables for electricity and heating , they still have cars , ships and airplanes on fossil fuels . 
  i guess there must be something like that at play here . 
  freedom of movement . 
  i 've slept in 19 eu countries , worked in 11 . 
  flying around without standing in a queue to a bureaucrat to ask for permission is huge . 
  25 years ago i had to get a visa to travel to a country from which i today have a subway card in my wallet . 
  i know where ukraine is by having `` i can zoom in onto reactor 4 in chernobyl on google maps in one move . '', 
  as my party trick .
