  the best i can find is a gallup poll from 2013 that puts median household income in sweden at around 50k . 
  when looking at median individual incomes , sweden was around $ 27k a few years ago and the us was at $ 31k at that time . 
  this is before taxes though . 
  generation on a large scale is always vastly more efficient and the losses in distribution are quite low . 
  one number i remember from norway is less than 10 % . 
  it 's not really a debate , it 's a well known fact that district heating is more energy efficient . 
  it 's just a huge initial investment , which is why it 's not everywhere . 
  it does n't happen . 
  there was one incident when a supercomputing center that shall not be named used municipal water for their emergency cooling and when it kicked in noone in the whole neighbourhood could flush , but that was many years ago . 
  and that was cold water . 
   `` i do not want to divide romania . '', 
  divide into what ? 
  sounds more like he does n't want to unite romania . 
   almost nobody just a dc-3 with the whole crew in international airspace . 
  then to add insult to injury a catalina that was searching for the dc-3 was shot down a few days later ( crew lived ) . 
  it 's also a a bit hard to forget the whiskey on the rocks . 
  you know , that time russia grounded a submarine armed with nukes next to a large naval base . 
  there are at least two eu countries with lower gdp per capita than mexico . 
  sweden is self-sufficient when it comes to grain , we actually export a lot . 
  we are not producing enough meat and milk though . 
  about 20 years ago i was in some village in alsace . 
  i wanted a beer . 
  `` a beer , please . '', 
  the response was something in french . 
  i tried a few more times , including pointing at the tap , response was more french . 
  then i figured we 're close to germany so i tried `` ein bier , bitte . '', 
  and the response was `` oh , certainly sir . '', 
  and i got a beer . 
  i think the whole arrongance thing is just a response to our arrogance where we just assume that english is the default . 
  as soon as i acknowledged that other languages exist english became an acceptable way to communicate . 
  they are known to be cold because nuances are too hard for media . 
  north equals cold . 
  let 's ignore the complicated wind and gulf stream patterns that affect the weather more than sunshine . 
  it 's also hard to understand the distance between the northernmost parts of scandinavia and the south and you get prettier stereotypes by filming in the north . 
  check wikipedia for oslo , there 's a climate bit there . 
  four months of the year have mean temperatures barely below 0 . 
  it 's comparable to boston , not anchorage . 
  we in the north here like to project an image of indestructible vikings that use axes to make holes in the ice for the morning swim , but the reality is that the majority of the population lives where it only feels cold because it 's wet , windy and dark , not because the actual temperatures are low . 
   we like to play forklift simulator for fun . 
  `` for fun '' , really ? 
  [ this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z77ozto6uq ) implies that you do it for other reasons . 
  so i dug into the numbers because that number in sweden looks high as fuck . 
  the source of this or its source do n't actually cite the source for their number . 
  but we have a publicly accessible and searchable [ cause of death database ] ( http://www.socialstyrelsen.se/statistik/statistikdatabas/dodsorsaker ) , let 's dig there . 
  one of the first causes of death you can pick is a group category called `` poisoning by medicine or narcotics '' and the number for that is 9.86 in 100k , so it 's close to this reported 100 in a million . 
  there is an information box that explains what this contains . 
  the categories are x40-x44 , x60-x64 and y10-y14 . 
  here 's the list of what those categories are and numbers for each category ( per million like the graphics above ) in 2015 ( last year where the data is published ) : * x40 unintentional poisoning , painkillers - 0.5 * x41 unintentional poisoning , sedatives - 6.3 * x42 unintentional poisoning , other narcotics - 22.6 * x43 unintentional poisoning , other medicine affecting the nervous system - 0 * x44 unintentional poisoning , other unspecified drugs/medicine , etc. 
  - 18.9 the next two categories can not be queried as specifically as that total number , so they may include other numbers . 
  * x60-x69 - deliberate self-destructive acts ( suicide ) , poisoning - 26.4 * y10-y19 - injuries with unclear cause , poisoning - 25.3 adds up to exactly 100 . 
  so most likely the suicide and maybe suicide categories contain a handful of poisoning cases with other chemicals but most of them are medicine or drugs . 
  there are a few more categories not included in the total number above . 
  those are categories f11-f16 and f18-f19 , which are psychoses caused by drugs . 
  they add up to 2.2 . 
  so yeah , swedes are good at killing themselves with drugs . 
  a big part of it is suicide . 
  at that level in sweden you 'd have your license revoked for a year . 
  at twice that you 'd lose your license and after two years you 'd be allowed to do the test again , plus quite likely some prison time . 
  the only way to not lose your license is if it 's your first time and you 're between 0.02-0 .03 . 
  there is no sense of humor about drunk driving here . 
  in other countries politicians destroy their careers with sex scandals . 
  here nobody gives a shit about sex scandals , but few very few politicians survive being caught driving drunk . 
  your google must be broken then . 
  uk population density : 270.7 / km ^ 2 japan population density : 336/km ^ 2, 
   why in hamburg of all places this struck me as soon as i heard it would be in hamburg . 
  whoever made this decision knew this would happen . 
  sternschanze riots are so common that ironically most people in the world do n't even know about them . 
  2000 riot cops anywhere else in the world is front page news , out there it 's just tuesday . 
  i once went to hamburg and stayed at a friends place less than 50m from rote flora and what i did n't know until i got there was that they had schanzenfest that weekend . 
  normal street party until 21:30 , by 21:45 all the street vendors have packed up and the temporary stage was dismantled and people started smashing a local bank and burning a huge pile of trash , at 22:00 literally two thousand riot cops and a few water cannons suddenly popped up . 
  it was like it was a carefully planned schedule to the last minute . 
  most cafes and bars stayed open during the riots , we had beers in a bar less than 20 meters from a wall of cops and a water cannon . 
  it was completely surreal how normal everyone was treating something that was exceptional for me . 
  i checked the news the next day and nothing , not a single mention anywhere about something that looked like civil war to me . 
  since then i 've been looking up information about riots in hamburg and they happen _ all the time _ and are pretty much never reported in the media . 
  whoever decided that g20 should happen in hamburg must have known about this . 
  i do n't want to sound like a conspiracy theorist , but this smells like something hugely unpopular will happen at the meeting and it was planned in riot central so that the riots would deflect attention from the politics . 
  but if it 's not a naturally used compound , i would n't count it . 
  the longest constructed swedish word that could make sense is `` nordv\u00e4stersj\u00f6kustartilleriflygspaningssimulatoranl\u00e4ggningsmaterielunderh\u00e5llsuppf\u00f6ljningssystemdiskussionsinl\u00e4ggsf\u00f6rberedelsearbeten '' , but i doubt anyone would ever use it in conversation . 
  fair enough , i 'm not a linguist . 
  the hungarians i worked with ( to do word stemming ) called it compounding , but i guess that might have been a language barrier . 
  they had impressively long words we had to work with . 
  i 'm not sure if i buy that . 
  dude does n't even know it 's called compounding , not `` mashing together multiple words '' . 
  if you do n't know the basic terminology i 'm not sure you can be an authority on a topic . 
  the dictionaries used are from some unknown editor that does spellchecking like it 's still 1971 - through a fixed word list from an unknown source . 
  and why would he think that german would have long words because of compounding when for example hungarian and swedish compound as much , if not more . 
  there is a good reason why one of the more popular spell checking libraries , hunspell , is written by hungarians . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that source sucks . 
  some power-tripping prick asserts his dominance over employees . 
  you can use that to explain most dress codes . 
   also no islamic terrorism , the main cause of wanting backdoors . 
  islamic terrorism was n't a very hot topic in [ 1993 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clipper_chip ) . 
  the arguments for backdoors have been going on forever and whoever happens to be the boogeyman this week will be `` the main cause '' . 
  i only remember reading it a few years ago in a newspaper . 
  ca n't find it now , but here 's a similar story from florida : https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1356&amp;dat=19880805&amp;id=frtnaaaaibaj&amp;sjid=pa4eaaaaibaj&amp;pg=4500,1472913&amp;hl=en, 
  we 're in a different country . 
  last time we spoke he has n't managed to get hold of anyone nearby to look at the house . 
  one of the early videos with rubble that has been doing the rounds on the net ends less than 50m from his house . 
  i was discussing earthquakes and insurance with a friend today during lunch .
