a good answer to being accused of russophobia would be : phobia is irrational fear . 
  i fear russia , but it 's for very specific and well documented reasons , so there 's nothing irrational about it . 
  you mean iceland ? 
  no military and a member of nato . 
  capability to do what ? 
  the swedish navy has never caught a sub . 
  your title would be equally accurate if it was : `` russian submarine 's successful evasion of swedish navy spotlights that funding cuts had no impact on performance . '', 
  most of them probably have at least one or two employees in the operation expenses . 
  also , heating old houses is already hellishly expensive , to heat a stone castle you probably need your own oil well . 
  i 've actually seen huge houses/castles for sale for pocket change with a note that it was protected by some law for protection of old stuff and you 'd go to jail if you tore it down or messed up the maintenance . 
  the only time law enforcement has any chance of knowing with a decent degree of confidence where someone is is when they are in prison . 
  which is why they 'll go there when they come back . 
  so exactly like it is now . 
  they can come back and there are sanctions . 
  `` the very small risk '' ? 
  and how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  a person who voluntarily , at own expense and definitely not impulsively ( the logistics required to go down there and fight take a long time ) decided to join an organization whose main marketing is videos of cutting peoples heads off and you consider that person to be `` very small risk '' ? 
  you 're either out of your fucking mind or you have some really curious agenda . 
  i was born in poland , moved to sweden when i was 10 . 
  i do n't consider myself one thing , i do n't see a problem having multiple nationalities . 
  i 'm mostly culturally swedish ( to the point where many polish behaviors really annoy me ) , with strong enough polish roots that i can use whenever i want ( mostly for getting away with non-politically correct jokes ) , proud viking , proud european , spreading western civilization , not at all uncomfortable being a human . 
  do you really just need one label ? 
  if so , check which country makes you the least uncomfortable . 
  that 's who you are . 
  home is where you do n't need to wear pants ( metaphorically and literally ) . 
  i doubt this is very reliable data since the southernmost plant in sweden in that picture was closed 10 years ago . 
  they could start with schengen . 
  i 've been on that flight two or three times . 
  it was always filled with everyone from all over the world . 
  between families from all over south east asia visiting europe to people going for business in malaysia and other places with connecting flights from kl . 
  the plane lands at 6 in the morning and first time i flew it i landed on a monday and went straight to the office trying to overpower the jetlag ( no sleep because you land before sleep time in your normal time zone ) by drinking their terrible coffee . 
  it sucked . 
  the plane was nice though . 
   it 's also been called the rape capital of europe where 85 % of convicted rapists were ` born on foreign soil or from foreign parents . 
   http://www.dn.se/ledare/signerat/en-riktig-valdtaktsman/[2] considering that this is talking about a report that 's based on data from 27 cases in svea hovr\u00e4tt , it 's quite some travel ( 600km ) you had to do to move this to malm\u00f6 and make it the rape capital of europe . 
  most countries will deport you and make you serve your sentence in your home country . 
  insert card into machine , push buttons , receive cash . 
  as much as possible i just pay everything with a card . 
  i 've started considering fees that banks charge as just a normal part of the exchange rate and i ignore them . 
  it does n't hurt if i do n't think about it . 
  you forgot the most important one . 
   probably would n't be difficult to get back in though . 
  i would suspect that any new country that splits off from some other country will have the original country quite upset with them . 
  the original country has veto power for accepting any new members into the eu . 
  ( for the sake of this post imagine that my flair is poland since i was born and grew up in poland occupied by russia ) 1 . who cares that we had it better than russia . 
  you messed up your country bad , it 's your problem . 
  also , it was n't about goods and stuff . 
  it was about oppression . 
  oppression of minorities , oppression of religion , oppression of opposition , oppression of speech . 
  you think it 's about stuff ? 
  it was about freedom . 
  `` it 's hurting me more than it hurts you . '', 
  just because you murdered your own people it somehow makes other crimes worse ? 
  what kind of wife-beater shit is this ? 
  how badly messed up in the head do you have to be to even think it is a valid argument ? 
  russia was one of the two countries that started world war 2 . 
  russia continued it until 1990 when they could n't afford to continue their occupations anymore . 
  i 've never talked to a single german that was anything other than apologetic for the crimes committed by nazi germany . 
  i 've only heard a handful of russians being anything other than proud of their heritage of occupation , oppression and shitting on other nations . 
  `` sorry '' goes a long way . 
  ribbentrop was hanged , cremated and his ashes scattered in an unmarked location . 
  molotov died of old age and has a monument on his grave instead of a latrine . 
   so , what do you think it will take to put the past behind us ? 
  total and unconditional disarming of russia , division into at least 20 separately governed entities that are n't allowed to have any army . 
  total opening of all intelligence archives , prosecution of all cleptocrats , intelligence officers and politicians . 
  reparations for the 50 years of occupation and mass murders and for starting ww2 . 
  that would be a good start . 
  i know all this has already been said , but the arguments are so stupid it made me mad . 
  this post is already half of the original length because of all the swearing i 've deleted from it . 
  there was a bnp joke a few years ago : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1158970/bnp-shot-uses-polish-spitfire-anti-immigration-campaign.html, 
  oh , i thought you were talking about the hammer and the sickle ( as should have been obvious from both my comments ) . 
  yes , the confederate flag i would agree is a little bit more distasteful . 
  a symbol for a country ? 
  like most other flags . 
  or did you have something else in mind ? 
  despite growing up in a communist shithole under soviet oppression i do n't have very negative associations with the hammer and the sickle . 
  but maybe i 'm missing something . 
  explain . 
  that sounds like a fun idea for a bar . 
  but no , as far as i know the only communal ownership is one cooperative playlist on spotify that i 'm kind of listening to and someone gave that bar access to . 
   data on the internet generally follows two paths : primarily , that of least cost , secondarily , that of greatest speed . 
  this is somewhere between wishful thinking and misleading . 
  packets follow the path of policy and nothing else . 
  just because you can send your packets to your neighbor through the switch that both of you are connected to does n't mean that you wo n't send your packets around the globe paying premium for every bit if that 's the transit deal your isp has . 
  shitty isps very often have bad transit deals and are too lazy to sign peering deals with their peers . 
  that `` route over half of the world to talk to your switch neighbor '' is not something i made up . 
  i 've seen it happen . 
  then a network guy at my isp started going to a certain bar every thursday and suddenly they had a dozen new peering deals . 
  but before that the path to talk to my neighbor that went past hamburg , amsterdam and frankfurt and then back to stockholm and was neither cheapest nor fastest . 
  define `` most basic infrastructue '' . 
  as far as i 'm aware we can cut all cables under the atlantic today and the net in europe will still work just fine . 
  i 'm not aware of anything other than specific corporations that will become unreachable . 
  root servers ? 
  we 've got them . 
  mirrors for most tlds ? 
  got them . 
  bgp will still work , there are cas on this side of the pond , we 've got our own rir . 
  only thing i can see being a bit problematic is resigning the root zone because the keys for that are in washington dc but noone depends on dnssec anyway . 
  so which `` most basic infrastructure '' is n't located in europe ? 
   i ca n't imagine displaying the hammer and sickle [ bad news .
