  i do n't know about not being provable . 
  economists have shown harder things than this . 
  i 've seen research showing that the current patent system has negative effect on innovation . 
  i 've not seen any research showing the opposite . 
  although i 'll admit i live in an echo chamber when it comes to the patent system and i 'm open to being proved wrong . 
  in my business it 's really hurting us and provides no benefits other than having acted as a proxy for getting venture capital 10-15 years ago . 
  investors do n't fall for this anymore , there are better metrics than having useless patents . 
  useless because if you do n't have a few thousand patents and millions of dollars for lawyers you ca n't play in the big leagues of lawsuits . 
  i do n't see how a system designed so that large corporate behemoths can destroy small competing startups can be positive for innovation . 
  software companies had no problems making billions before patents infested the business . 
  so in my limited world making money is a good enough motivation . 
  can the same be said about other businesses ? 
  i do n't know . 
  although i do know that ideas are cheap , execution is almost everything . 
  pharmaceutical research has managed to make the patent system work , so why not keep the system for them and have different systems for different businesses ? 
  software patents that expire today were issued when the internet had 1 % of the hosts that are online today . 
  when most of the programming languages in use today have n't been developed yet . 
  and when all the supercomputers on top500 combined had the computing power of a graphics card you can buy for $ 150 today . 
   without them , a great deal of things will not happen . 
  prove it . 
  considering that almost all political violent acts in sweden are committed by the far right and the far left and there has been no indication on who the suspect is in this case you 're very quick to find blame somewhere else . 
  the chances of this being done by the far right are around 500:1 if we just go by statistics . 
   but if i were to look at jobs in sweden ( or germany or denmark ) , i 'd be told to go fuck myself with a razorblade for not already having an eu work permit . 
  then your skills must be quite useless or you 're bad at your job . 
  my company , and plenty of others are hiring from inside and outside the eu all the time . 
  in my office we have people from pakistan , russia , philippines , indonesia , turkey , australia , tunisia , argentina besides all the eu people . 
  we probably have more foreigners than swedes at this point . 
  most of them did n't have work permits , we arranged that for them . 
  this is quite easy and cheap to do when you actually want to hire someone . 
  it has such a silly sounding call that every time they show it on american tv they dub the red-tailed hawk over it . 
  its main hunting method is to find some other bird that 's fishing , beat the shit out of it and steal its fish . 
  yeah . 
  they used rpgs instead . 
  recent history is better predictor of results than old history . 
  that 's why i used those examples . 
  also , devils advocate . 
  privatization and deregulation probably lead to a long term benefits , but they often start with short term disasters . 
  to do it during volatile times to patch up immediate budget deficits is probably a bad idea . 
  you want to do it like sweden did it - during stable times when shit is n't on fire . 
  the whole `` it has never been tried before '' was tongue in cheek sarcastic . 
  of course there have been great examples of that being achieved . 
  but recent history , especially in corrupt countries in financial trouble has been nothing but disasters . 
  in most , if not all , of post-soviet countries privatization has been mostly looting and cronyism with vast assets wiped out and the wealth transferred to the most ruthless and criminal people ( which is the opposite of what you 'd like to achieve ) . 
  sweden is one of the least corrupt countries in the world ( and corruption is the biggest problem with privatizations ) and even here the privatization and deregulation has had very mixed results . 
  the railway system remains in shambles with the train companies and rail owner blaming problems on each other and less than 70 % trains on time certain years ( despite widening the definition of `` on time '' to 15 minutes late ) . 
  the deregulation of stockholm public transport has led to lawsuits and tripling of prices ( over inflation ) despite increased percentage of tax funding . 
  the school privatization was so bad even the strongest proponents are talking about stricter regulation , the healthcare was n't much better ( i say this despite using a private insurance to shorten my queue for an mri by two months just two weeks ago ) , the taxi deregulation led to reregulation a few months ago . 
  the telcom deregulation and privatization was a long term success , but the first few years were so catastrophically bad that people still hate telia almost 20 years later despite them being very good right now and that was only because the government still owned a majority of them and pts used the big bat to beat them into behaving . 
  the power market deregulation led to doubling of electricity prices and vattenfall ab having the reputation of environmental hitler outside of sweden and a two digit billion sek loss that we covered with tax money . 
  i 'm all for it , i do n't think it 's a governments job to run industry . 
  but the experiences even in the least corrupt countries have been mixed at best and in corrupt countries we have russia as an example of what privatization leads to . 
   how about if they sell state assets to companies that can better manage those assets ? 
  who knows how that would go . 
  it has never been tried before . 
  funny you should mention that . 
  a while ago i noticed an interesting phrase in a recent speech by juncker . 
  [ `` a final solution to be given to what i have to describe as a primarily greek problem '' ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_speech-15-5274_en.htm ), 
  what ? 
  are you making an argument about something i did n't write or even express an opinion about ? 
  i actually wrote quite the opposite of whatever you 're protesting against . 
  let me clarify : i 've never gotten so many receipts that i 've gotten in greece . 
  many receipts . 
  lots of them . 
  all the time . 
  good thing . 
  positive words about greece . 
  nice people . 
  not as tax evading as you think that whoever you wanted to argue with thinks . 
  btw . 
  it 's not 90 % , more like 4-5 % . 
  still a lot , but avoid the hyperbole . 
  i find this very hard to believe . 
  i 've been to greece for two weeks a year ago and two years ago . 
  visited dozens of restaurants , cafes and bars each time . 
  i 've never not received a receipt . 
  they were fanatic about it actually . 
  every coffee , every mojito , every cuba libre came with a receipt . 
  even at bars that were n't more than a caravan at a beach . 
  they were spamming us with pieces of paper . 
  edit : now that i think about it , it could be because we went there with a greek guy who knew the law . 
  nobody expects you to do manual work until you 're nearly 70 . 
  but you ca n't expect money before that because that money does not exist . 
  if you are below 40 today there is no way you 'll be able to retire before 70 if you do n't do it for your own saved money , unless there is a some kind of cataclysm or a total breakdown of the healthcare system and old people start dying earlier . 
  with todays slowdown of productivity increases and acceleration of the dependency ratio almost all pension systems in the developed world are stretched to the limit . 
  there might be viable solutions to this , but with the way the economy functions today the money for early retirement does not exist anywhere in the developed world . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/chief-greek-statistician-charged-for-revealing-true-size-of-debt-a-882942.html http://www.wsj.com/articles/deficit-drama-greek-authorities-step-up-probe-against-statistics-chief-1427060060, 
  the first guy who actually applied modern accounting standards and figured out how much deficit greece actually had and published those numbers is currently being prosecuted in greece . 
  weapons of math destruction . 
  if you think any country can sustain the already sky high dependency ratio and let you retire before 67 , you 're deluded . 
  the next few decades you 'll see your retirement age go up every few years . 
  i 'm closer to retirement that most of reddit and i 've decided already over a decade ago that i regardless of whatever the laws say i 'm not planning for or even allowing myself to believe in my retirement happening before 70 . 
  there 's just no money for it and sooner or later every country will stop kicking the can down the road with retirement being paid by taxes from a dwindling working age population . 
  the only way to retire before 70 is to make a shitload of money yourself . 
  there are some problems with getting things built , but i believe a simplest answer is that the comment you 're answering to is full of hyperbole , misunderstandings and lies . 
  five years back ? 
  the housing shortage in stockholm is decades old . 
  other than the two other large cities , sweden does not have a housing shortage at all . 
  the problem is people moving within the country and has not much to do with immigration ( the immigrants have places to live in , like in the north where everyone moved down to stockholm ) . 
   last time there was an apartment complex being built in stockholm , families were camping in tents waiting for the building to get done so that they could be the first to buy an apartment . 
  there so much wrong in this sentence on so many levels .
