  i do n't agree . 
  maybe i 'm not that advanced in understanding the nuances of how uk is governed , but for me it is quite clear that this was a vote of confidence for the government . 
  if everyone in the government is saying vote x and the result of such an important referendum is y any self-respecting government will step down . 
  cameron had to talk about how he 'd not step down when he lost , but only because that would swing voters toward leave just because they wanted to get rid of him . 
  anyone with any political sense should have understood this . 
  besides , they have a pretty clear plan . 
  change nothing until the new government takes over . 
  this is also pretty standard , if not outright expected , in government handovers . 
  when a government declares they will be stepping down as soon as there is a replacement the last thing you want them to do is to change a lot of things just before they leave . 
  why do you think it 's the job of a government to prepare a plan for the next government ? 
  they prepared a plan - continue as if nothing has happened until they get replaced and then it 's the job of the next government to have a plan . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  people in power either implement democratic decisions or resign when they do n't feel they can honestly implement those decisions . 
  when they resign , the people who challenged their position step up and implement their own plan . 
  suddenly not a single one of 17.4 million people has a plan . 
  does that mean that none of them actually knew what they voted for ? 
  how can someone honestly vote for something when they do n't even know what it is ? 
  in any other challenge to government , if the government that got voted out actually left a plan for anything it would be laughed at and called a waste of resources . 
  why is this situation different ? 
  there 's definitely more than that . 
  the speech on friday was something that took a lot of preparation . 
  the way she assumed duties way above her office ( to meet with other european leaders and diplomats in edinburgh for example ) with absolute certainty . 
  they way they had well balanced and intelligent answers to all the questions from the journalists , including proper `` we do n't know yet , here 's how we 'll know '' answers . 
  `` call for referendum '' is a wish , not a plan . 
  to make a journey you need a lot more than to point your finger at a map . 
  i do n't see how/why they expected the losing side to provide them with a plan . 
  cameron did the smart thing - quit and lets the winners deal with it . 
  since when do the losers get to write the capitulation treaties ? 
  i love how nicola sturgeon is handling this . 
  everyone else seems to be running around like recently decapitated chickens , she appears to have opened the binder with the `` in case leave wins '' plan and just follows the checklist . 
  composed , competent and in very much in charge . 
  a true statesman . 
  snp had a plan when everybody else just expected remain to win . 
  i 'd be worried too . 
  [ it was one of the reasons why poland got fucked in the 17th and 18th centuries ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberum_veto ) . 
  not only was everything decided by referendum ( of all the nobility ) , but any change could be stopped by a single vote . 
  it 's an extreme example of what `` no change should have an advantage '' leads to . 
  actually , i do n't even think that political and economic unions , treaties , etc. 
  should be decided by referendums . 
  because people are stupidly conservative to their own disadvantage . 
  representative democracy mostly works because very few people have the time and resources to understand single issues and no one has any chance of understanding all the issues . 
  referendums are a popularity contest with no real data or decided beforehand and a way for the government to cover their ass before making an unpopular decision ( which backfired in greece last year ) . 
   it probably differs from region to region i linked you statistics divided by region earlier . 
  only in one region in sweden there 's more `` against '' than `` for '' . 
  in all other regions `` for '' is bigger . 
  heh , `` no change '' should we mobilize to defend against an invader ? 
  no way , that would be a change . 
  should we put out that forest fire ? 
  no , that would be a change . 
  should we lower our carbon emissions ? 
  no , that would be a change . 
  should we allow doctors to use antibiotics now that they have been invented ? 
  no , that would be a change . 
  should we use that wheel thing ogg just invented ? 
  change . 
  fire ? 
  change . 
  climbing down the trees ? 
  change . 
  crawl out of the ocean ? 
  no fucking way , it would be a change . 
  i think you overestimate how representative your friends are . 
  [ 49.4 % for , 22,9 % against . 
  the region that used to be most against is around 50/50 ( actually 30/30 ) now . 
  ] ( http://www.statistikdatabasen.scb.se/pxweb/sv/ssd/start__me__me0201__me0201e/eusympati021/table/tableviewlayout1/?rxid=c4ae9422-7d01-437e-905a-0b07d8fc46a7 ), 
  no idea why a sports team would create a corporation and how they intend to make money . 
  but apparently this is something that 's useful for them because they could go back to being a non-profit association , but they choose not to do it . 
  instead they choose to rile up their fans on twitter about how it 's unfair that the law applies equally to everyone . 
  and the same thing will happen here most likely judging from the response of the government dude they mocked who actually knows how law works . 
  they 'll get arrested , their religious defence will get thrown out and they will twitter about how there 's a conspiracy and discrimination . 
  same as any other corporation - making money for their owners . 
  it 's not even a loophole . 
  you can still get arrested for wearing a mask , but you can use religion as a defense in court . 
  i bet it 's going to be hard for them to prove that they are muslim women . 
  aik supporters have a history of getting very excited if they think they found a loophole and post all over the internet about it and then losing badly in court . 
  a previous time it was how a corporation ( aik is a corporation ) must pay for police protection during events which normal sports clubs do n't have to because they are not corporations . 
  back then they yelled that are not a real corporation because they were bad at business and never made any profit . 
  this is in stockholm , so quite far south . 
  i 'm lazy . 
  prefer to complain about the sun rather than doing something about it . 
  you 're a few months late with that comment . 
  since over a week ago we 're in that part of the year when the days are unbearably long . 
  fucking sun woke me up before my alarm clock this morning . 
  if i would have to choose i would definitely pick botswana . 
  nice climate , glorious nature , english as an official language . 
  when i was in the neighboring namibia a few years ago i actually thought `` yeah , i could live here '' and namibia is half as rich . 
  their reliance on diamond mining could be a long term problem , also corruption is n't that great , but then we ca n't really compare corruption with a country that had most of its money stolen . 
  why would that be a problem ? 
  botswana is doing quite well . 
  they have a gdp per capita above world average . 
  made huge progress in health and education in the past few decades . 
  some credit ratings put them as the safest country to invest in in africa . 
  the thin line between bodyguards on a diplomatic mission and an invading military unit is an invitation . 
  `` extreme version '' , the end of the slippery slope . 
  i can think of many ways to abuse a status quo rule to cripple a country . 
  if nothing else , through endless debates about what status quo actually means . 
  [ here 's what an extreme version of this leads to ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberum_veto ) . 
  it might not be such a good idea considering that people are very conservative and afraid of all change . 
  the 29k is indeed individual . 
  there are statistics of median household income , but it is divided by types of households , i ca n't find an general number .
