  where are you going from/to ? 
  yeah , i 've never seen any at piccadilly . 
  it 's really just a lucky dip . 
  this always seems to happen to me for a split second when i 'm in a dive but never when i 'm flying level so i ca n't pull up and i crash . 
  you can hear him going `` what the f. ... ? '', 
  as he sees the dead t-34, 
  * 37 days * is a pretty good mini series explaining it , but unfortunately it 's not on bbc iplayer anymore . 
  its rather interesting !, 
  however , you 're doing a pretty good job of representing it !, 
  of course it 's a censor bar , have you seen his flair ? 
  it 's a crane . 
  it 's the national bird of uganda, 
  how old is this book ? 
  this is amazing , i hope you have more like this . 
  i await the day when ban ki moon says `` yo yo dj spin dat shiteru '', 
  well you do go to a scottish school ... 
  stagnant94 used troll !, 
  it 's not very effective . 
  what 's this ? 
  no sexual references ? 
  you 're down on your game icisimousa !, 
  that was bloody disgraceful . 
  you 're fired . 
  this is why you stay away from the arcade train . 
  nobody expects the spanish inquisition !, 
  something completely different . 
  now do it 100 times or i 'll cut your balls off . 
  i found that using the swordfish as a turret fighter was a lot more effective at getting rp than using it as a torp bomber, 
  i rather like the fact they are talking in symbols instead of words !, 
  more like these please !, 
  this is why i still play simcity 4, 
  that 's an amazing drawing of a renault ft !, 
  another russian ghost car, 
  i was just about to post this !, 
  i 've never seen a game less than # 1 before . 
  also , 69 , ehehehehehehheheheheh, 
  first of all , thanks for doing this !, 
  since it 's 4/20 , have some related puns, 
  420 police , taze it, 
  420 doritos , maize it, 
  420 zombies , day-z it, 
  420 vikings , raze it, 
  420 cows , graze it, 
  420 shock , daze it, 
  420 windows , glaze it, 
  420 smog , haze it, 
  420 enterprise , phase it, 
  and of course , 420 easter , praise it, 
  i 'd like to request cities in motion please if you pick me , since 420 , maze it . 
  yanno because traffic is a maze ... ? 
  random bf 110 ? 
  if you do go , do n't forget to take spare tyres and a kevlar vest, 
  that title could do with more instances of the word `` guys '' . 
  remove ray guns !, 
  edit : is flair psychic ? 
  i 'm actually northern . 
  wot . 
  and you have to get a direct hit with a 250lb to even damage an armoured car, 
  the whole skit with quark 's advert, 
  [ `` come to quarks , quarks is fun !, 
  come right now , do n't walk , run !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_iavmscbf8 ), 
  what i 'm more interested in is how you can get games on school internet, 
  * warning sirens go off at ukip hq *, 
  or penistone, 
  we do n't call them `` balls '' , it 's just the normal name of the country, 
  i think i lost it at `` oooh , d'you see tha ... oooh d'you see that ? '', 
  i found this out in the me-262 user mission as i landed at the airfield , and the others tried to copy me, 
  on first reading , i thought that said `` scots '' and was rather confused, 
  well , you could live in twatt ... 
  i 've lived in sale my whole life , and i thought it was a labour area ... 
  i think you mean the knights who say ekky ekky patang zoopoing, 
  morris c8, 
  hmm , that does make sense , however , one time i landed on the grass next to the runway without taking damage , and it counted as a kill, 
  but it 's not just a plastic bag ... it 's an m&s plastic bag, 
  depends which side you 're on, 
  thing is , i do n't bomb bases , i bomb pillboxes and the like . 
  the indicator does n't show through the clouds . 
  or at least not when i play :p, 
  tbh , i think it was rather good , albeit rather strange . 
  but that 's the whole point of advertising . 
  and i 'm a lib dem too . 
  you may have heard of silicon valley . 
  this is the only place where the valued pentium plant grows due to the good climate . 
  you may have also noticed the blades of the computer blender if you look in the top or back of your computer . 
  this where you insert the plant . 
  the blades cut it up and then unseen crushers make it into the powder which powers your computer . 
  a few years ago , you had to do this by hand , but now the blender is in-built !, 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  i can clearly see that you must have attained an a * in your english gcse !, 
  it 's a good job you 're not the sole moderator of this sub !, 
  well , most of my friends do the exact same thing . 
  although the exam fairies will probably the phone and battery back together again . 
  i think there are actually just those 5 people in the ed . 
  they 've only hacked the welcome page so you can just by-pass it and get to the [ timetables ] ( http://www.minsterleymotors.co.uk/html/time_tables_.html ), 
  on another note , was this webpage made in the 90 's or something ? 
  well good luck trying to get it through the wellies then, 
  you do n't have the 1937 sm79 , so you cant get the skin . 
  and the 1937 sm79 was removed, 
  you should also be able to manually reload gunners,
