  the question is `` which kind of political entity should catalonia be with respect to spain ? '', 
  and there are 4 possible answers : independent state , federal state , autonomous community and region . 
  it 's not a binary question , as the use of a line type of plot may suggest . 
  you have the full results in [ this wiki article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independence ) . 
  and here i want to emphasize the effects of the estatut fiasco . 
  the crisis was fully visible already in 2009 , and the support for the status quo ( autonomous community ) kept stable . 
  it starts to go down in 2010 , in particular in the q2 of 2010 , which is exactly when the estatut judgment came out . 
  something similar happened to the `` federal state '' option . 
  many non-independentists in catalonia - including people who was not particularly nationalistic - saw the estatut judgment as an absolute disaster . 
  not because the estatut itself , but because it broke with the pact tradition with the central government . 
  man , when i am starting to feel a bit happier with spain i always find some mad stuff like this to spoil it . 
  blocking the issue of new visas is different from blocking the enter of visa holders and permanent residents ( who for most purposes are basically citizens ) from some countries . 
  i do n't have the data , but very probably less than the catalans . 
  the other region who would have similar numbers would be the basques . 
  so the world may become more like london ? 
  that 's not a problem in my book . 
   chasing a girl with amorous intent, 
  lol , i lived in denmark and now i live in the us . 
  this is absolutely not representative of dk . 
  on immigration at least , us is substantially softer than dk . 
  the main right-wing party in dk , the danish people 's party , makes trump sound like a foreign-loving hippie . 
  which were the risks ? 
  do you really think that before the start of the crisis spain had higher debt than the netherlands ? 
  is that what the media says there ? 
  [ of your interest . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ksn_blxm8oa/us6trp7bvfi/aaaaaaaabck/ciq31txfv-s/s1600/government+debt+2015+vs+2007.png ), 
  the problem is that ... it depends how you build the `` cluster '' . 
  check the [ gdp per capita ( pps ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ) ( which is a simple way to compare level of life ) . 
  for the 28 eu countries : - 11th . 
  france 30.300 $ - 12th . 
  italy 27.500 $ - 13th . 
  spain 26.200 $ - 18th . 
  portugal 22.300 $ - 22nd . 
  greece 20.300 $ i think you see my point ; right now it 's easier to put italy and spain in the same cluster as france than in the same cluster as greece . 
  it is sustainable . 
  or as unsustainable than half a dozen other developed countries , usa and france included . 
  is it ? 
  belgium and france have southern european levels of debt . 
  belgium has a higher debt to gdp ratio than some southern european countries . 
  that would still make them more similar to the scandinavians than to the italians . 
  actually even in germany there is regional variation : saxons would be clearly for the scandinavian side , while bavarians is a bit more troublesome . 
  but germans as a whole would be closer to the scandinavians . 
  i agree with you ( my french friends love when i say that they are the country that summarizes l'europe ) , but i still think that they are more similar to southern europe than to northern europe . 
  in the same way that germany is more similar to the scandinavians than to the italians . 
   if `` one of the more anti-eu nations '' means that we still have a majority of eu supporters i do n't think we have to worry that much . 
  do you ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  imagine that pvv is the most voted party in the next election ( very likely to happen ) . 
  do you think they will be able to get a nexit referendum ? 
  if so , what option would win ? 
  trump 's us is a threat for the eu , and not only because they will `` protect less '' . 
  it 's time for us to protect ourselves , that 's something i can agree with the magamob . 
  us may not be a military danger , but an intelligence/propagandistic one . 
  would you be surprised if the us starts helping anti-eu movements , \u00e0 la russe ? 
  with who do you think trump is going to be more friendly with , wilders or rutte ? 
  thanks !, 
  i find hard to believe that the british government is just letting go free money . 
  i mean , you could use the money to fund the nhs instead . 
  :d moreover , the distribution is very weird : with latvia , you do have a more `` logical '' situation ( you get over 20 times what latvia gets from you ) . 
  and why is that ? 
  do you have the numbers ? 
  still , the difference ( 4.6 to 301.4 ) is brutal , much more brutal than the difference in between migrant populations . 
  moreover , it makes more sense for a working person to register ( he needs to ) than for a pensioner . 
  i do n't think that this number is real . 
  and wait , it 's not brit-bashing : i have pretty good reasons to believe so . 
  the article says that there are around 300.000 brits in spain ; the number officially registered is pretty similar to that . 
  which is the problem ? 
  uk passes every year a pretty big sum of money to spain for covering health expenses using the european health card . 
  last year it was 301.40 millions of euros ( [ source ] ( http://www.elconfidencial.com/mundo/2016-10-14/reino-unido-theresa-may-rajoy-brexit-sanidad-jubilados_1274786/ ) ) . 
  and that number does not make sense in comparison ; there are 90k spaniards in uk , and spain only pays 4.60 millions , 65 times less . 
  moreover , if the brits would be registered as living in spain , they would be able to use the spanish health card . 
  what i mean is that it 's more or less assumed that many , many brits living in spain do n't officially live here . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  if russians would care about the economy the way europeans do , putin would n't have survived the current crisis . 
  atm you guys are a bigger threat to us than the chinese , imo . 
  knowing spaniards , you may be more successful asking if we would fight * against * our country . 
  that 's how they did it in the spanish civil war , and it was a massive success . 
  i always thought that of the southern european countries , greeks were by far the most patriotic . 
  this kind of confirms it . 
  11 minutes presentation explaining what they do : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8dd5avxlcc . 
  essentially , they have a much more refined psychological model than your usual demographics . 
  they feed it with social data from facebook that includes geographical position . 
  with it , they can decide not only what position would be the most popular , but which kind of message ( more aggressive , more traditional ... ) to emit for each user or in each geographical location . 
  - barcelona 's unemployment : 6.98 % - santa coloma 's ( barcelona suburb ) unemployment : 37.14 % wow . 
   none of their data is stored on us servers . 
  eu data also needs to be stored in the eu . 
  i work for a us company in the us , and we have two data clusters , the eu one ( in frankfurt ) and the non-eu one ( in sacramento ) . 
  it 's shit for us , but it 's the law . 
  i did n't say that we are the only country that charges , do n't quote me in something i never said . 
   according [ this ] ( http://yaq.es/reportajes/cuanto-cuesta-estudiar-universidad ) , the yearly cost of uni in spain is in between 870 and 1320 euros ( in cat is more expensive , of course ) . 
  taking into account the difference in average salary , i would say that only uk is significantly more expensive . 
  with italy , portugal , netherlands and switzerland being more or less similar to us . 
  according the article , in austria , denmark , finland , germany , ireland , norway and sweden is for free . 
  in france is substantially cheaper ( 189 euros ) . 
  the only country in which the costs are substantially higher taking into account the salaries is uk . 
  according [ this other article ] ( https://www.studyineurope.eu/tuition-fees ) , in greece is also for free ; and in belgium substantially cheaper . 
  the article does not mention the countries in which you get paid . 
  i can confirm that this is the case in denmark - my wife got paid for getting her master - . 
  yes . 
  and spain is one of the few countries in we where people pays for getting educated .
