  driving into the small castilian town , the first thing you see is a row of vast , silent factories . 
  some are plastered with faded `` for sale '' signs . 
  others face a slow , losing battle against the weeds encroaching from all sides . 
  these factories were once the pride of villaca\u00f1as . 
  although home to just over 10,000 people , the town used to be known as the `` door capital '' of spain . 
  before the collapse of the country 's decade-long housing boom in 2008 , it boasted 10 large manufacturers that produced millions of doors a year . 
  local unemployment hovered below 2 per cent and workers had money to burn : luxury cars became a common sight , fancy overseas holidays a regular treat . 
  when the property bubble burst , six of the main manufacturers were forced to close . 
  some 3,000 workers lost their jobs . 
  unemployment in the area increased more than tenfold , eventually peaking at 28 per cent in 2012 . 
  so jolting was the transformation that villaca\u00f1as became famous once again : as a symbol of spain 's crisis and its economic woes . 
  in political terms , however , the real story is what happened next -- or what did n't happen . 
  for all the obvious parallels with the rust-belt states in the us or the hard-hit industrial heartlands of england and france , villaca\u00f1as experienced no populist backlash , no anti-immigrant wave and no revolt against globalisation . 
  despite brutal economic decline and mass unemployment , the political centre held in towns like villaca\u00f1as , and across the country . 
  a decade after the start of the crisis , spain has yet to see the arrival of a populist far-right party like the national front in france , an anti-immigration platform like the alternative for germany , or an anti-eu movement like the uk independence party . 
  outside spain , only a handful of smaller european countries , such as portugal and ireland , have been able to resist the tide . 
  but recent polls and election results all point to the same conclusion : spaniards are overwhelmingly in favour of eu membership , and remain untroubled by immigration . 
  `` people here worry about jobs , not about migrants , '' says jos\u00e9 manuel carmona , a member of the villaca\u00f1as local council for the centre-right popular party , the ruling party in a minority government . 
  `` if they blame anyone for the crisis it is the politicians . '' sentiment towards the eu has been profoundly marked by decades of subsidies for local farmers and -- once the crisis hit -- for retraining workers who were laid off during the downturn . 
  `` i think locals here understand that the eu is an institution that has provided funds and help , '' says santiago garc\u00eda aranda , the town 's socialist mayor . 
  ** rise of the left ** on the face of it , spain has long seemed like an inviting target for political parties with an anti-eu and anti-immigration message . 
  since the collapse of the housing boom , the country has suffered a deep recession and a sharp rise in unemployment and inequality . 
  a budget crisis meant madrid had to slash spending and raise taxes -- measures that were blamed at least in part on eu pressure . 
  trust in the political elite was shattered by corruption scandals . 
  moreover , the crisis erupted at the end of a decade that saw unprecedented numbers of migrant arrivals . 
  in 1998 , immigrants accounted for just 3 per cent of the population . 
  by 2008 , the share had jumped to 13 per cent -- one of the highest in europe -- according to official data . 
  and yet , at no point has a far-right anti-immigrant party gained traction at the national or regional level . 
  at last june 's general election , the only party that came even close to fitting that description , a three-year-old movement called vox , secured just 0.2 per cent of the vote . 
  in villaca\u00f1as , vox obtained just 10 out of 5,771 votes -- far behind the local offshoot of the animal rights ' party . 
  pablo iglesias , a leader and founder of podemos \u00a9 getty the main political beneficiary of the crisis has been the far-left , not the far-right . 
  since its creation three years ago , the anti-austerity podemos party has emerged as a powerful force , winning 21 per cent of the national vote last year . 
  it is , in many ways , a proudly populist movement , whose leaders rail against the elites and are not averse to using divisive rhetoric . 
  however , the party 's base of supporters and its political platform have little in common with far-right populists : podemos backers are typically found among the young , well-educated and urban population , who are generally open to migration and support eu membership . 
  what , then , explains the spanish exception ? 
  analysts argue there is no single reason , but rather an idiosyncratic bundle of causes and conditions . 
  lack of strong leadership is one obvious factor . 
  another is the complex legacy of the franco dictatorship , which has instilled a profound scepticism towards rightwing authoritarianism . 
  there is also a collective understanding that tough times force people to seek work abroad -- as many spaniards did during the 1960s , and then again during the crisis . 
  a fourth cause cited by researchers is the nature of the recent migration flows into spain : many of the arrivals hail from ecuador , peru and other latin american countries . 
  they were foreigners , but familiar ones -- with the same language , religion and culture as the native population . 
  these explanations , however , only go so far . 
  latin america indeed accounted for a significant number of migrant arrivals , but the two largest groups were from romania and morocco . 
  according to official data , there are 1.4 m migrants from the two countries living in spain -- almost a third of the foreign population . 
  for a deeper understanding of spain 's resilience , two additional elements help to set the country apart : national identity and the welfare system . 
  `` the main difference between spain and other european countries is that , here , people see no link between immigration and national identity , '' says carmen gonz\u00e1lez enr\u00edquez , a senior analyst at the real instituto elcano think-tank . 
  `` the sense of national identity is generally rather weak in spain . 
  you sometimes hear local complaints . 
  people will say : ` all the local shops have gone ' . 
  or : ` this village has changed so much ' . 
  but it is never expressed in any political form . '' in a forthcoming report for the elcano institute and demos , the uk think-tank , ms gonz\u00e1lez enr\u00edquez argues that the sense of identity in spain continues to be shaped by the experience of dictatorship . 
  `` the overuse of national symbols and of references to national identity during francoism caused a countermovement which still persists . 
  the pro-democratic opposition to the regime rejected the exhibition of national symbols , the flag and the anthem , and spanish nationalism was completely absent from their discourse . 
  instead , they looked to europe , '' she argues . 
  even today , the attachment to europe and the eu remain strong . 
  according to a poll conducted for the elcano/demos study , only 10 per cent of spaniards want to leave the eu , compared with 22 per cent in france and 45 per cent in the uk ( though more than half of british voters chose to leave in june ) . 
  that level of support reflects spain 's status as a net recipient of eu funding , but also less tangible factors . 
  for many spaniards , the eu continues to represent modernity and progress -- while spanish membership of the union offers reassurance that the country has finally joined the european mainstream . 
  [ continues ], 
   countries can avoid austerity by preparing during economic booms instead of always living on the edge . 
  no , not really . 
  spain was doing that during the `` boom '' times , and the economical crisis destroyed the economy anyway . 
  in 2007 , our debt ( 35.5 % gdp ) was much lower than germany 's ( 63.6 % ) , netherlands ( 42.4 % ) , austria ( 64.8 % ) and most of western europe in general . 
  edit : [ this is the debt-to-gdp ratio for the oecd countries in 2007 ] ( https://data.oecd.org/chart/4kev ) . 
  i highlighted the 6 biggest eu economies . 
  as you can see , spain was the less indebted one . 
  that 's also true if you add the next 4 economies ( sweden , belgium , poland and austria ) . 
  ironically , the biggest eu economy that had less debt than spain was ... ireland , another country that went down the drain . 
   people who are able to work and support themselves and contribute to our society are always welcome . 
  no , they are not . 
  at this point in dk the only people who are welcome are danes , by birth and by blood . 
  anyone else is not really welcome . 
  no , actually the data is very similar to the one in oecd . 
  - us total population : 311.116 m - native : 271.010 m ( 87.1 % ) - foreign-born : 18.200 m ( citizens ) + 21.906 m ( non-citizens ) ( 12.9 % ) the problem with cis is not that the data they give is wrong ; is that they cheat with it . 
  for example ; in migration , the `` gold standard '' is the * total * foreign-born population . 
  cis , to make it look like us has more migrants than other countries , gives the * adult * foreign-born population , which will be higher than the total one , as most migrants are adults . 
  another trick is counting children of migrants as migrants themselves . 
  you have to compare apples with apples . 
  and when you do that , [ the us has a very standard percentage of foreign-born population for an oecd country ] ( https://data.oecd.org/migration/foreign-born-population.htm ) . 
  less than my country , spain . 
  and then it will mette frederiksen jumping instead of lars l\u00f8kke . 
  as a foreigner that was living in dk for a couple of years , i always saw sd and venstre as basically the same in migration issues . 
  that link is about `` adult population '' , not population as a whole . 
  we should compare apples to apples . 
  moreover , the source is cis , which is a very ... peculiar source of data . 
  according wikipedia :  reports published by the cis have been widely deemed misleading and riddled with basic errors by scholars on immigration ; think tanks from across the ideological and political spectrum ; media of all stripes ; several leading nonpartisan immigration-research organizations ; and by u.s. immigration and customs enforcement . 
  the organization has also drawn criticism for its financial and intellectual ties to extremist racists . 
  it 's also bannon 's favourite source for data . 
  one example of what they do : in one report they included as `` immigrants '' all underage people with at least one foreign-born parent . 
  that would make trump 's kid an immigrant , lol . 
  oecd is a much more reliable source , imo . 
  about race and culture ; no , i do n't think that `` hispanic american '' and `` asian american '' cultures exist , no . 
  i think that `` black american '' culture exist , but only in the same way that different castas in india might have a different culture . 
  they are the main support of the government ; the government would automatically fall without their support . 
  in immigration issues , df says `` jump '' and venstre asks `` how high ? 
  according oecd , your foreign-born population is much lower than 17 % : 13.1 % . 
  that 's pretty average for a western european country . 
  you can check it [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_foreign-born_population ) . 
  and no , race is not cultural . 
  edit : actually i would say that race is only cultural in the us ; it 's kind of a self-accomplished prophecy .
