  poor me ... 
  one should see and judge a project like europe in centuries and not decades . 
  peace is more important than national egoism . 
  the banking problems and the economy crisis is a issue and will be addressed by policy change . 
  personally , i feel like all our eu problems are a consequence of the failing us housing market and some crazy irresponsible bank managers . 
  a domino effect with piles of shit . 
  i like your argumentation . 
  i feel like we could have a good discussion in real life , 
  i understand your point and almost fully agree . 
  but please keep in mind that people are responsible for their elected government . 
  there is actually a lot of suffering in germany . 
  we could use the money ourselves . 
  instead the retirement age has been raised and a lot of cuts have been made in the social system . 
  oh and i worked in france for 3 years . 
  it was very nice to work for 35 hours and get those rtt days if you worked more + the vouchers to get food during lunch . 
  i miss those benefits here in germany . 
  i am just saying that europe as a whole has to adapt to a global market . 
  people can talk about the system crashing as much as they want . 
  it wo n't crash anytime soon . 
  i do n't think cyprus is financially or economically a issue for the eu . 
  there are 3 times more people living in berlin than on cyprus ( eu part ) . 
  it sucks for the people but the eu project wo n't be affected by this . 
  the cyprus economy is using a non sustainable business model which failed . 
  10k euro in a bank for 5 years would have given you 13100 euro in cyprus and only 10800 euro in germany . 
  germany would n't have joined the euro without a independent central bank . 
  every nation joining the euro is aware of it . 
  this also means that printing money is not a solution for economic problems . 
  do n't be so negative . 
  one should see and judge a project like europe in centuries and not decades . 
  peace is more important than national egoism . 
  the banking problems and economy crisis is a issue and will be addressed by policy change . 
  personally , i feel like all our eu problems are a consequence of the failing us housing market and crazy irresponsible bank managers . 
  a domino effect with piles of shit . 
  ... relative to purchasing power, 
  in 2014 we had 200.000 asylum requests in germany and sent 10.884 back . 
  yeah sure , if uk takes some 100k refugees ... 
  i do n't see why gabriel should be ashamed , as you said , since development aid is obviously not solving the problem . 
  let 's end this discussion here . 
  name me one covering all people in syria including isis territory . 
  you are just closing your eyes and put the problem on other people . 
  i hope this works out for you in your daily life . 
  there is a civil war in syria . 
  who do you want to give money to take care of the people and keep them out of your country ? 
  you think development aid will stabilize syria or the iraq ? 
   can you guys come up with something new , please ? 
  this is getting old . 
  i did . 
  see link ... whatabout the uk ? 
  how about the [ uk ? 
  ] ( https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2014/02/24/jtrig-manipulation/ ), 
  shareholders do n't care about the workers , that 's the real problem . 
  surviving 12 hours at 10000 meters altitude without oxygen mask ? 
  [ k\u00f6nigstein quota system ] ( http://www.verfassungsblog.de/en/germanys-domestic-koenigstein-quota-system-and-eu-asylum-policy/ ), 
  the switch to renewables and the shut down of nuclear fission powered steam engines are two different things . 
  next on the list is the reduction of coal powered steam engines . 
  you can only do so many things at the same time . 
  we had worse politicians, 
  yes , the content is crazy propaganda shit but the execution is pretty well done . 
  the plane shooting down mh17 ... in the colors of ukraine ... 
  [ tag am meer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufx_zqcperk ), 
  i am sorry but are we talking active or passive sonar ? 
  why should n't the passive sonar be used 24/7 whenever a carrier group is out on the open sea ? 
  from wikipedia : two types of technology share the name `` sonar '' : passive sonar is essentially listening for the sound made by vessels ; active sonar is emitting pulses of sounds and listening for echoes . 
  serious question : should n't a carrier group constantly monitor the under water surrounding ? 
  no idea what you are talking about . 
  how about your read up via [ center of strategic & international studies ] ( http://csis.org/blog/nuclear-vs-diesel-submarines ) or [ nationaldefensemagazine ] ( http://www.nationaldefensemagazine.org/archive/2008/april/pages/antisub2301.aspx ), 
  thyssenkrupp was proposing to scale up its 2,000-tonne type 214 class submarine . 
  diesel subs are more quiet than nuclear powered subs . 
  diesel subs run on batteries when submerged while a nuclear reactor requires constant cooling which produces noise . 
  the collective will is fine but than poland should just leave the eu and not make it bitter for everyone else . 
  i want a friendly and open poland which sticks to european values and does n't return to last century national egoisms . 
  keep the money , we print in frankfurt anyway . 
  i do n't get what you are talking about . 
  share your victim point of view with me . 
  maybe poland should have read the contract before signing the eu membership ... [ something ot read for you ] ( http://www.polska.pl/en/business-science/investments-projects/eu-funds-poland/ ), 
  i am pretty sure most germans would like to see a big reduction of those eu funds poland is receiving . 
  now take those 15 billions you get a year and be quiet , 
  the lack of solidarity in the refugee crisis is one of the reasons a lot of german people do n't see poland as a trustworthy friend whos oppinions should be considered at all . 
  does n't sound like de-escalation . 
  as i said , poland needs some time alone to get over their national egoism . 
  maybe they should also work on their victim complex . 
  poland has no issues taking 15 billions a year to sponsor the stronk economy . 
  i would have never thought to say that but seeing the visegrad group lately i think they joined the eu to early after the coldwar . 
  in my opinion they need another 50-100 years to get over their national egoism . 
  we do n't need a military , we have us nukes and nato base + we can into space . 
  two words : helmut kohl, 
  [ the german continental deep drilling programme aka : kontinentales tiefbohrprogramm der bundesrepublik deutschland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_continental_deep_drilling_programme ), 
  german ? 
  yes , sure . 
  i was just wondering about the mandatory part . 
  my internet research did n't confirm this . 
  there have been some attempts to implement it but it was never done . 
  i am not sure any school in germany is forcing students to visit a kz . 
  i have never visited a kz . 
  not sure about your `` has to '' statement . 
  we shall do this right after gb , france and the netherlands owned up to their colonial history !, 
  thousands of people have been rejected under the obama administration . 
  why do you care about a diplomat ? 
  you seem to very frustrated so i do n't know if it makes sense to discuss with you . 
  i just said that there have been issues with certain stamps in passports since the obama administration .
