  but the revolution you are talking about was n't a mass movement . 
  maybe in berlin it was . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  awesome [ statue ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/giordanobrunostatuecampodefiori.jpg/450px-giordanobrunostatuecampodefiori.jpg ), 
  germany was never really `` left '' . 
  rosa and karl just did n't see it . 
  it was already proposed when i voted the first time in 1998 . 
  nothing happened . 
  so i wrote a letter to the greens ... they replied with : `` we are bound to contracts with the un on not promoting ... '', 
  where did you get unbiased statistics for the criminality rate in east germany ? 
  i am such a ignorant prick . 
  did n't know what the red dot below the italian football is . 
  checked online map , found malta . 
  never thought about malta 's geographical position . 
  legalize trees !, 
  this tradition is provocative and polarizes the society . 
  i do n't explain because this is wrong . 
  the verfassungsschutz did n't knowingly support the murder of german citizens . 
  from where do you get your conspiracy arguments ? 
  the verfassungsschutz was n't aware that the nsu is behind the killings . 
  you make it sound like the german government gave money to the terrorists so they go out and kill citizens . 
  please stop spreading your false information . 
  look man , i think our discussion wo n't end in a mutual agreement . 
  comparing stones and uranium is retarded . 
  so i wo n't continue answering you . 
  it seems to me your point of view is very limited . 
  you seem to feel like there is a right for cheap energy ... but in reality there is n't . 
  the german society decided to move on . 
  even companies likes siemens closed their fission department . 
  move on man , do n't be bitter and ask for free everything . 
  maybe we need that stuff for our first warp drive ? 
  who gives you the right to judge over the needs of future generations ? 
  i really love your approach of cheap energy will liberate everyone from poverty and physical work . 
  was n't it one of the visions from the 60s nuclear power movement ? 
  a nuclear reactor in every car ... wonderful . 
  how would you value a kilogram of uranium ? 
  just adding extraction costs , transportation cost and whatever our economy adds in addition , does n't reflect the real value of uranium since this stuff is only available in limited amounts . 
  0.0255 g of uranium generates ~ 1 kwh if you chop it up in a fission reactor . 
  you need to ride your bicycle for 10 hours in order to produce 1 kwh . 
  can you now imagine how potent that stuff is and how much energy there is in uranium ? 
  you pay ~ 25 cent for a kwh in germany . 
  would you ride your bike for 10 hours for 25 cents ? 
  i guess not . 
  what i am trying to say is that we need to move on . 
  it was cool to take the stuff that is in our soil and use it . 
  but there is no right for cheap energy as long as we use limited resources the price of a good is one of the few possibilities to steer a society into a direction . 
  please think about it . 
  my opinion : decentralized energy generation via renewable resources is the future . 
  we are currently destroying the resources of future generations only because it is easy . 
  we need to innovate in all kind of directions ( reduce power consumption , energy storage , energy distribution ) . 
  i personally think there is no way we can force innovation without a commitment . 
  the energiewende should be judged in 20 years and not now . 
  yes , i am a idealist and you are a traditionalist . 
  i am still amused by your trust in mr fission . 
  well it 's proof that we ca n't control the fission reaction . 
  human error is always possible ... even in a high tech country like japan . 
  and all your security means nothing to mother nature . 
  it does n't ... take a upvote, 
  i do n't get it either . 
  the disconnect between politics and public opinion is gigantic in this case . 
  the taliban never declared war . 
  they just did n't hand over obl to the us . 
  i guess the following part was meant : in the end , a `` satisfactory solution '' was found , as chancellor angela merkel said following the meeting without revealing any of the details . 
  but many participants were left with the impression that the hours of discussion devoted to the question were little more than a waste of time . 
  = =  a deal was reached on the budget for the years from 2014 to 2020 . 
  and it largely reflected the demands made by britain , namely that it would be capped at $ 980 billion ( $ 1.28 trillion ) . 
  demands for improvements made by the parliament were largely rejected . 
  all that was left for eu leaders on thursday night was to give the deal their thumbs up . 
  but cameron was able to find something that he did n't approve of . 
  in addition to the budget , the eu also recently reached agreement on a reform to the bloc 's agricultural budget and subsidies , a deal which changed the system of calculation used to determine the british rebate , negotiated by margaret thatcher in 1984 . 
  if the agricultural budget shrinks , so too does the rebate received by london -- and cameron could easily imagine how that would be received in the euro-skeptic press back home . 
  he insisted that the size of the rebate remain unchanged , as per the deal made at the european budget summit in february . 
  german here , i am ready to make some babies for the continuous economical strength of the vaterland . 
  this sounds like guaranteed karma , 
  give it 200 years ... national egoism is still strong . 
  i wonder how the brits would react if germany would do the same to them . 
  we should get one of our u boots ( with eu flag ) into the atlantic to tap that cable , too !, 
  interesting comparison ... 
  i see your point but would n't dare to put this next to the violation of the privacy rights of all people communicating via transatlantic fibers . 
  the dvd buying program is publicly discussed and a highly controversial topic in germany . 
  but thank you for coming back and sharing your sources . 
  do you have any sources for this claim ? 
  i could n't find anything about this topic . 
  found an [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23004080 ), 
  can you give me the link to an article about gchq ? 
  i am very interested in the topic . 
  see the gez like a tax . 
  public television and radio is important for minorities and our pluralism . 
  or buy another useless drone , 
  i think the replica of the [ frauenkirche dresden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dresden_frauenkirche ) is pretty nice . 
  us solutions to eu problems : - more military - more spending - become more like the us - union bonds same old , same old ... no thanks, 
  so we will see some drone strikes soon ? 
  smells like economy espionage but i guess the argument will be that some of the 9/11 terrorists studied in germany . 
  ( # 40 ) makes me sad, 
  i prefer to judge this in 200 years . 
  this one [ imdb ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070299/ ), 
  good to hear . 
  i would have thought a lot of people are bitter because of the kosovo deal . 
  there is no reason why some people should have more rights than others . 
  the german citizenship gives you access to one of the wealthiest and secure democracies in the world .
