  it also enables you to freely move/work/live in europe . 
  the benefits are gigantic but if one wants to keep his/her original passport for sentimental reasons ... that 's cool as well . 
  just do n't argue for dual citizenship . 
  you ca n't just take the benefits and avoid the liabilities of two countries . 
  kids are cruel . 
  no matter what passport they hold . 
  this leaves us with 5 more bullet points . 
  i hope germany will continue to force people into making a decision about their citizenship . 
  dual citizenship is unsocial and does n't help people to integrate into our society . 
  arguments against dual citizenship : ( 1 ) dual military obligations ( 2 ) citizenship as the basis to determine applicable law ( 3 ) possible double taxation of dual nationals ( 4 ) diplomatic protection for persons with dual nationality ( 5 ) ` unjustified ' double voting rights ( 6 ) integration ( 7 ) loyalty more [ information ] ( http://www.bpb.de/gesellschaft/migration/dossier-migration/58015/classic-objections?p=all ), 
  i think the afd is the biggest threat for merkel in the 2013 election . 
  the general consensus in all german mass media is pro euro . 
  only if you guys stop switching the sides all the time . 
  you see that smiley at the end of my sentence ? 
  so there are german submarines in the channel again , 
  you have a extremely one sided opinion on this topic . 
   that 's not true . 
  there is n't a lack of water but authorities can ask plants to shut down if the water temperature could get above a certain point . 
  this is however a very rare occasion and is only a concern to four of the 15 inland reactors . 
  does n't change the fact that every system is depending on outside resources which are not always available . 
  solar requires sunshine , windmills require the wind and nuclear fission requires fuel , a safe nuclear waste disposal place and the general will of the surrounding population to accept a possible disaster which what force them to leave their home . 
   but there are enough times when there is too much energy . 
  i do n't know what your point is . 
  a smart grid with decentralized energy production is the only solution to our energy demand . 
  centralized power plants with nuclear fuel have no future in germany . 
   there is only a finite capacity of pump storage available and there is still the question of transporting the energy to it . 
  you do n't seem to have a point here . 
   the german solar industry is in a very bad shape and a lot of it is either bankrupt or sold to asia . 
  you just pick certain points without proofing anything . 
  i am wondering if i waste my time answering you . 
  anyway ... the production of the solar cells has been sold off to asia . 
  same happened with most of the computer chip production . 
  you seem to totally neglect the positive sides . 
  thousands of small to midsize companies invent and produce technology surrounding pv . 
  transformers , software , engines and than there are also the companies installing everything on your roof . 
  and no ... this is not done by chinese . 
  germany is the world 's top photovoltaics ( pv ) installer . 
  something to be proud about . 
  you also seem to ignore biomass and other renewable energy technology . 
    nuclear fission is heavily subsidized  so are `` renewables '' ... 
  so what now ? 
  you just seem to be against . 
  despite !, 
  of course germany is exporting energy to france . 
  the nuclear power plants in france tend to lack enough water for cooling during hot summers . 
  as a result there is a demand for renewable energy made in germany . 
  there is also no time when nobody needs energy !, 
  pump storage of energy is a reliable possibility to `` store '' energy and use it later . 
  is the switch to renewable energy in germany perfect ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but it is time to look at it from all sides . 
  the german industry learned a lot about solar , wind and biomass . 
  new technologies are being built and sold all over the world . 
  nuclear fission is heavily subsidized and we do n't control the technology on all levels . 
  there is always human error or mother nature . 
  a contaminated environment and a forced relocation of tens of thousands of people in japan is nothing we should accept in the year 2013 !, 
  nuclear fission is easy and a sweet way to generate energy but we ca n't exclude a disaster . 
  therefore a densely populated country like germany had to search for alternatives . 
  it is implying that the switch to renewable energy sources will cause the import of nuclear energy from other countries . 
  this is a very often used argument for keeping the status quo . 
  why should my poor grandma pay for the father of tubeez ? 
  because he put his money into a gambling bank ? 
  go and invest into greek bonds . . there are interest rates of up to 80 % possible . 
  but if it fails ... do n't come running to me and ask for money . 
  got that ? 
  thanks !, 
  * investors bold enough to buy junk - rated greek bonds in january have earned twenty times more than owners of top-rated german debt this year even after the biggest ever sovereign restructuring . 
  people with more than 100k in their bank account are rich compared to the average european tax payer . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   reminds me of student politics at my left-wing uni . 
  you cynicism is a punch into the face of every homeless person and your opinion is just egoistic . 
  do n't know why i get down voted here . 
  so dude sells his house and puts all his money in a bank account . 
  he will choose the bank with the highest interest rate because he want 's his money to become more without him doing stuff . 
  fair deal . 
  the high interest rates are bound to high risks on the bank side . 
  so his bank goes bankrupt and now i and all taxpayers have to pay for his money ? 
  which planet are we living on ? 
  so keep on down voting me . 
  i give a damn about you protectors of the rich and the banking system . 
  people living on the streets in europe !!!, 
  i rather help them with my money than the guys with their 100k euro problems . 
  yes . 
  100k are not being taxed afaik . 
  so your imaginary family will be just fine . 
  the one time tax will only affect 50k of their euros . 
  the family also had incredible high interest rates in the last couple of years . 
  i think one should choose his bank wisely . 
  banking is a risky business and high interest rates a consequence of high risks on the banks side . 
  why should a low income family from anywhere in europe pay for your imaginary family from cyprus ? 
  why ? 
  yes ? 
  better tax the shit out of everyting  100k before you take the money from everybody including low income groups who can barely make it every month . 
  just my opinion ... 
  finland needs more sun . 
  angela merkel is working on it . 
  plans are to remove sun from countries which require a bailout . 
  the sun will than evenly distributed to the northern countries . 
  as long as luxembourg does n't need eu taxpayers money ... they are okay to do whatever . 
  i am still surprised how many people defend the rich ... or maybe nowadays everybody has some 100k euro in their bank account .
