if i recall , the bbc report said the man fell . 
  yeah , but who watches bbc4 ? 
  please , tell me more about how the bbc are propoganda experts . 
  oh wow , look : [ the bbc was founded 4 years after the end of wwi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc ) . 
  mental health issues , perhaps ? 
  just because they disagree with you , does n't mean they are uneducated . 
  that way lies elitism . 
  you could google `` stanley kubrick directed the moon landings '' . 
  that does n't mean we did n't go to the moon . 
  it makes much more sense to say that the people who went to a rally in opposition to a politician caused violence , than to say that the people who went to positively support a politician did . 
  if there was violence at a bernie sanders rally after trump supporters went there , i would imagine that the trump supporters were the cause . 
  negative thoughts about a politician are more likely to cause violence than positive thoughts . 
  anti-trump protesters are just modern day brown shirts . 
  oh what 's in the news today ? 
  man tries to assassinate trump ? 
  violence at a trump rally ? 
  anti-trump protester ? 
  the violence at trump rallies is mostly caused by anti-trump protesters . 
   you must accept you ca n't name a brexiter as nice as her quite frankly i have no idea . 
  i 'm not going to vote either way because of who is in support of either side . 
  there are saints and sinners on both sides . 
  are there worse people on the leave side ? 
  maybe ( although the leave side has been mostly positive and optimistic in their campaign ) . 
  but that does n't de-legitimise the arguments . 
  all the worst people in the last 100 years have believed in newtonian mechanics , but that does n't make newtonian mechanics wrong . 
  * i * have * been * an immigrant !, 
  but i do n't think that opposing immigration is evil or immoral or wrong . 
  if someone is opposed to the eu because they do n't want britain to receive more migrants , that 's a perfectly . 
  legitimate . 
  reason . 
  do n't think badly of people for having other priorities than you . 
   ignorant i do n't think people are ignorant about the issues , i just think they care about other things than you . 
  the leavers are n't talking about the economy as much , because they care more about other issues . 
  they 're not ignorant , they just do n't care so much . 
   there is no sense to what you people want to do then is n't it * you * who is ignorant here ? 
  i mean this in as polite a way as i can , but do really you think all leavers are stupid or hateful ? 
  are there no arguments for leave that even slightly resonate with you ? 
  because i will readily admit that remaining might be good for the economy overall , and may be good for intra-european relations . 
   10-15 years . 
  i asked myself the question : which is more likely : the uk leaves and everything here goes to shit , or the uk stays and the eu goes to shit ? 
  i think the uk is more stable than the eu . 
   atmosphere of emotional nationalism while painting the eu as an enemy out to get us this is an emotional issue . 
  this is ( in part ) an issue about nationality and patriotism . 
  the eu can be seen as an enemy ( of sorts , not violently ) of british interests . 
  if you can point to one example of farage or gove advocating for violence , i 'll gladly cede the point . 
  but i am am sure that they are as horrified about her murder as any one else in the country . 
  they did not want this to happen . 
  they did not ask for this to happen . 
  if asked they would vehemently decry and oppose and fight against such action . 
  i more than happy to be friends  the british people will need to get along after the referendum either way . 
  i am more than willing to send you a polite pm next friday , as a gesture of goodwill , whatever the result . 
  look . 
  in all seriousness , i think the uk will probably be * okay * either in or out . 
  i do think however , that the remaining is more risky than leaving . 
   tommy mair the man who murdered jo cox , for those who do n't know . 
  there are horrible people on both sides of this debate . 
  should i vote leave because there are people trying to exploit britain 's membership of the eu ( bureaucrats , economic migrants , ( terrorists ? ) ) ? 
  should i vote remain because a ( probable ) terrorist killed jo cox ? 
  i will be voting leave because of the issues i outlined above ( among others ) . 
  not really because of economic issues , certainly not because of tommy mair . 
  i think it 's terrible that people are being killed because of political leanings in britain ( btw i live about 10 miles away from where mrs. cox was killed ) . 
  there are serious , legitimate , emotional and worrying concerns about the eu and britain 's part in it . 
  please do n't attribute all the worst possible motives to the leavers . 
  you can make your points , by all means . 
  but you can not tell me what i think . 
  i was not surprised by these numbers . 
  hey , by the way :  the money to the eu is not much of an issue for me this is really what i think . 
  please do n't try to tell other people what they think , it makes you look silly . 
  yes it does make it better . 
  britain pretty much stopped the slave trade . 
  if that 's not the definition of a good thing , i do n't know what is . 
  ( by the way , no eu needed to stop the slave trade , or nazism , or napoleon , or russian expansionism and so on . 
  i think we 'll be fine without it . 
  the money to the eu is not much of an issue for me , but the loss of national sovereignty , national borders , national waters , national identity , democracy and so on certainly are . 
  that britain was in support of protecting refugees before it joined the eu and it will remain in support of protecting refugees after it leaves . 
  [ nigel farage on the issue of refugees ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/ukip/11476780/immigrant-policy.html ) [ and here . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25539843 ), 
  stop being stupid . 
  no one is supportive of the murder/assassination of jo cox . 
  no one is politicising her death . 
  everyone is angry and in opposition to it . 
  after . 
  the british empire led the world when it came to slaves . 
  it was directly against their vested interest , and yet the british did the right thing . 
  `` the unweary , unostentation , and inglorious crusade of england against slavery may probably be regarded as among the three or four perfectly virtuous pages comprised in the history of nations . '' w. e. lecky, 
  [ before britain joined the eu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees#definition_of_a_refugee ), 
  no one wants to kick refugees out of europe . 
  it is a matter of international law that refugees and asylum seekers should be accepted . 
  i have heard no one serious advocate for kicking refugees out of europe . 
  the uk has the second highest foreign aid budget in the world . 
  hardly a imperial policy of british hegemony . 
  yeah , like all those slave traders that the british empire stopped . 
  how outrageous of them . 
  do n't you know : all remainers are the smart , educated people , who know what 's best for you . 
  whereas all the leavers are stupid racists , who have never travelled outside of their hometown and ca n't even spell eu . 
  but the elected members of the eu can not propose legislation . 
  how could eu citizens get a new law passed that they might want ? 
  say what you want about the house of lords , but the house of commons is powerful , transparent , well-understood and accountable . 
  nigel farage will use his flotilla of boats to drag britain over to america !, 
  much like the english language , british food is just adapted foods of other countries .
