  austria-hungary asked for help fighting russia , and germany said yes and invaded france and belgium . 
  after russia had hung serbia out to dry by asking them to accept all but one of the humiliating conditions austria put on them . 
  ever greater britain, 
  i was warned about the past\u00e9is , so i went to past\u00e9is de bel\u00e9m . 
  amazing . 
  it 's not like there is n't dutch words in english . 
  french words ? 
  in a discussion of english ?!, 
  stop being so facile . 
  you ca n't be so blas\u00e9 as to just choose the language used a la carte !, 
  you 're probably just trying to seem avant-garde to your belle . 
  but you 're not , you 're a bourgeois clich\u00e9 . 
  get back to your cr\u00e8che . 
  has he tried to resign just to be told that he 's needed , like nigel farage ? 
  i know - they can be very effective humorists . 
  a german joke is no laughing matter !, 
  and the nazi men . 
  you consider it facile ? 
  it was reddit what won it . 
  not all armies carried out things like the herero and namaqua genocide . 
  edit : yeah , imperialism involved atrocities . 
  but we 're talking about the holocaust , another attempt at genocide . 
  the example of the herero and namaqua is relevant . 
  but can homosex into poland ? 
  not the pensions the people benefitting from low corporate tax get . 
  we first need to genetically engineer thc seaweed . 
  to be fair , we consider a british sausage to be breakfast material - there is n't an excess of actual meat in it , and that 's the way we like it . 
  i guess you 'd have to get a lot of exercise getting from a to b , i ca n't imagine being an admiral in the austrian navy involves much exercise . 
  or maybe it does ? 
  i wonder whether that 's against his human rights and we can bring ukip to the echr, 
  i 'd expect greece to jump at the opportunity to remove kebab and deliver to germany . 
  switzerland is also skinny . 
  just play more civ v , you 'll start seeing them everywhere, 
  you think that looks weak , check out the holy roman death chicken, 
  stupid sexy flanders, 
  not for the purposes of a lot of the rankings . 
  takeaway : britain curry - germany kebab, 
  i read zoom as zion and spent a while thinking of how the cross in the circle could be an illuminati symbol before reading your post again, 
  russia should n't hate the players , they should hate the game . 
  carry on kommandant . 
  as they say , it is better to live on your feet than die on your knees . 
  macedonia . 
  to be fair , the finns are unfairly brutal to anyone innocently invading their country . 
  also , i 'd imagine that most muslims would n't have negative opinions \\ #captainobvious, 
  you 've rediscovered the ancient art if trolling . 
  i 'm not sure that applies to the uk , i think tourists would find it expensive and they might not like the food . 
  but i like living here . 
  you do n't have to be a good guy to want people to love you after you 've gone . 
  in number but not size , was my understanding . 
  by no means an expert though !, 
  i 'm just a guy who likes going to museums . 
  if i remember right , it was a 5bn year old rock that fell to earth after the earth 's formation . 
  it was part of the solar system but not part of a planet until it fell to earth . 
  it was one of the lumps that was around when the earth was a collection of lumps and not formed , as i understand it . 
  the moon rocks from apollo 11 and 17 have a nation 's flag on them , which was also brought to the moon . 
  there are other moon rocks on earth , mostly from meteorites, 
  did you see the meteorite that 's older than the earth . 
  i had a real moment when i saw that , i was actually quite shook . 
  is it the one with the flag though ? 
  arguably the spanish invented them in cuba . 
  not at all , the usa will be happy to sell replacement weapons . 
  but lizards do n't like the cold ? 
  yes - although note that , in a common postcolonial manner , the government there does not use/recognise any other name than `` c\u00f4te d'ivoire '' no matter the language being used . 
  so you 'll see `` c\u00f4te d'ivoire '' being used in english too . 
  the people are always `` ivorians '' though as far as i know . 
  `` ivorians , my dear compatriots '' or `` ivorian men , ivorian women , my dear compatriots '' . 
  i recently had google translate `` ivoriens , ivoriennes , mes chers compatriotes '' as `` ivorian , ivorian , my fellow americans '', 
  who are you calling `` you people '' !? 
  `` american here ... '', 
  fat chunks for his cushion ? 
  skulls for his throne, 
  do you think that you might start seeing russian and estonian speakers communicating in english , as occurs in some places in western europe ? 
  with mind bullets !, 
  because of us !, 
  can you imagine the reaction if a similar map put china as `` killed millions '' . 
  planes crashing , even in 1950 , is kinda strange . 
  edit : nope , regularly occurred . 
  * slap bass plays * `` i need you to take your uniform off '' - sexy cop . 
  so you 're the \u0448\u0430\u0301\u043f\u043a\u0430 who watches these videos . 
  i just read the cited article for that quote and it 's not actually a data source , it 's a discussion on statistics . 
  interesting , but this does seem to be one of wikipedia 's weaker science articles . 
  `` not white '' is n't a single race , no . 
  bear in mind that 's the figure after just one generation of cousin marriage . 
  or an ira funder . 
  but even banknotes would be better i suppose . 
  slow down bismarck . 
  people said that about the huegenots when they came to london . 
  but you do n't find them today anywhere . 
  coins were invented before banknotes , keep up . 
  not what i was talking about . 
  i 'm talking about an iou written in the presence of a trusted third person . 
  that 's what was done before coinage . 
  you know that trade happened before the invention of coins , right ? 
  i mean , imagine if someone like george osborne were caught with coke and prostitutes . 
  their political career would be ruined !, 
  people investing in eastern poland . 
  it was atat\u00fcrk that invaded kurdistan . 
  you have a distinctly poor one . 
  the fasces is a roman symbol of justice and supremacy of the law . 
  you 're going to argue for that one too ?
