  it 's just so tiny . 
  well labour could continue to completely implode , letting the conservatives survive as rulers of england . 
  sigh . 
  english players googling `` what is football ? '', 
  not the vatican ? 
  i mean we have a state church and all too . 
  so currently his office workers have to go around half naked around him ? 
  and he 's worried about having a gay one do that ? 
  4.7 proof is 2.35 % alcohol by volume . 
  that 's really weak !, 
  and maybe turkey could join in 2050 ? 
  they can , but when they do it 's called project fear . 
  was n't it more that they would n't remember it when they grew up ? 
  the / s stands for serious post . 
  apparently the french dub was excellent . 
  all the jokes the other way around . 
  oh , we 'd be annoyed all right . 
  what i 'm saying is petty is the specific action being taken . 
  or , you know , portuguese . 
  plus the slavic language . 
  used to be the case ( kinda ) in english too - ward sisters . 
  even so , it 's still petty . 
  but what about timenudism ? 
   it 's not a dichotomy, 
  human beings are by nature parrots of what we see and hear too . 
  it 's not a dichotomy . 
  careful , you might be reduced to trolling reddit for kicks . 
  it 's like obama complaining about british petroleum . 
  we are really concerned . 
  it 's concerning . 
  good point, 
  `` irish-american here '' - ftfy, 
  nited states of america . 
  well we could have given hong kong back to the republic of china for maximum trolling . 
  the falklanders are the indigenous people of the falkland islands . 
  unlike most argentinians with regard to argentina . 
  oh , the imperial russian stout list !, 
  there 's an english one there somewhere . 
  it 's nice , if you like imperial stout . 
  chopin was french . 
  they were trying to provoke you to provide a reason to invade again . 
  britain actually topped a world leader board for fewest missing or decayed teeth at age 12 a few years back . 
  you 're saying that cyprus is half european ? 
  except for portuguese . 
  i think we should listen to this palestinian . 
  better or worse than south ireland ( like south korea ) ? 
  i love the story of how the futurists got treated . 
  `` yay trains and bomber planes ! '', 
  to `` actually your art is degenerate '' . 
  you should refer to them in their native language . 
  menorca is british / s, 
  they 're colonies . 
  it 's going to be colonial . 
  esportugal, 
  they market it as upscale here too , it does n't stop us calling it wifebeater haha . 
  ataturk started the whole kurdish problem by invading kurdistan as established by sevres . 
  triggering enough ? 
  their cidre tastes suspiciously like their lager . 
  i feel that takes some of the pleasure away for the ones that get it, 
  a `` best bitter '' that 's not bitter and not strong either - yeah . 
  `` nice '' is the word i 'd use but it 's not an impressive drink . 
  you 're just envious because we have a great capital . 
  `` how do you get the colour without chorizo ? '', 
  `` you speak brazilian right ? '', 
  likewise i 've learned not to be annoyed if someone takes some dry sarcasm seriously . 
  the internet is very much like that , but i still enjoy making dry sarcastic jokes . 
  so i 've heard - i was just making a marijuana cures cancer joke . 
  belgian beer is made of sugar . 
  that 's clearly an arabic numeral . 
  serbia-montenegro and bosnia-herzegovina are neighbouring countries right ? 
  berlin is half in eastern europe and half out . 
  crimea belongs to the ukrainians ? 
  wait until it belongs to india . 
  it 'll be frightening . 
  better than cantillon ? 
  i thought it cured it ? 
  you 'd think the italians would be worried about countries around them splitting up , just as spain is . 
  the fact that there are two cities in that sentence proves it wrong . 
  if you like beer made from sugar edit : i got some belgians !, 
  little boy with finger in dike . 
  no , no , bismarck should never have been allowed to unify germany . 
  no , no , romania was in the ottoman empire , they must be arabs too . 
  that 's amazing, 
  it 's more offensive to people not from london than the german example because it 's also more true . 
  1/6 of brits live in london . 
  well futurism did originate in italy . 
  in english we call it black pudding . 
  might you say i 'm breaking the rules of order ? 
  being somewhat ... 
  a lot of filming for historical dramas about the uk is done in romania ( like one of the versions of wind in the willows ) . 
  try is again now there should be 1 gb free . 
  and i speak portuguese but england in general could n't order dinner in another language . 
  it 's exactly that . 
  americans at least have a chance at being exposed to spanish , english people learn nothing . 
  both . 
  58 % support , yougov , 2015 ( yes that 's old , it 's been a while since i thought about it ) . 
  the eurosceptics could have voted their party into power . 
  when 's the referendum on nationalising the railways ? 
  yeah pretty much . 
  ah that 'd be it .
