  that 's a bingo . 
  1780 never forget . 
  per capita, 
  ireland is quite well placed to export surplus labour , and import that same labour back , historically . 
  a lot of europe 's nice old town centres were flattened 70 years ago, 
  there is a partner - spain has african territory, 
  one time , i wuz in burma . 
  and i saw a boy playing with a tangerine , the size of a tangerine . 
  let me know when a pound of rubles is a pound . 
  sheffield has good beer . 
  when was the last time you were invaded by napoleon ? 
  oppressed russian minority detected in the east , get ready for putin !, 
  they could have introduced civil partnerships like the uk . 
  every bit king willy sticks his flag into . 
  they want the chance to be able to work and get a house like they did before the troubles where they came from ( the syrians and afghans ) . 
  i can sympathise with the desire to live on one 's feet or die trying . 
  no no - austria should try to reconquer the netherlands . 
  x-burger . 
  now you know how to deal with the xs . 
  to be fair , societal regression has also been made by the same process . 
  do n't get locked into whig history where everything has been getting better over time forever . 
  i just noted that it 's a homonym in italian and found it interesting haha, 
  if i 'm reading your flair right , `` regno '' is actually `` reign '' and not `` kingdom '' . 
  it 's like the start of the italian job . 
  it 'd work out like israel maybe . 
  nationalism is n't a dirty word if you do n't have a nation state . 
  thank woodrow wilson for that one . 
  `` de portugal '' . 
  that 's great generals now . 
  it 's a brave new world . 
  ` greek coffee ' , `` greek delight ' et cetera . 
  brussels will be the first territory of the european union, 
  lying to patients has an effect too . 
  * english measurements, 
  as opposed to ` occupied germany ' ( kaliningrad ), 
  i hear that historically , restaurants competing with each other would offer meals that would give you more leftovers , and having two meals on your plate was the whole idea , to reheat one plate 's worth later . 
  i miss its previous meaning ( salty language ) . 
  compared to a language where you literally have to huck up phlegm on the person you 're cursing , i suppose so , yes . 
  i learned french well enough to read it , even write it with a dictionary . 
  but not enough to speak it , even slowly . 
  it 's almost a different language . 
  and they begin holding the ball ? 
  can they just start running forward when they want once the ref says go ? 
  what is a ` play '' though . 
  junior doctors in the uk are getting their wages cut ... 
  most of the arguments against mens activist groups i 've seen are n't that the idea is pointless but that the groups that actually exist are pointless . 
  and then the lisbon earthquake happened and this focus on god caused the french revolution . 
  define doing badly . 
  it was a smaller country than spain , but did pretty well in south america , and got a nice selection of african , indian and far east territories . 
  now that would be bad . 
  even the pope shits in the woods . 
  you have to cover your top half for the milkman/woman , your bottom half for the postman/woman . 
  so cover both if you 're not sure who 's coming . 
  and actually did - they found a place illicitly showing it . 
  it 's not unreasonable , and it 's like that in dozens of universities across the globe . 
  i read that as tip ... 
  is n't it a similar size to malta ? 
  we threw a pretty good olympics . 
  fortunately not , or we would have had to speak the king 's german historically ... 
  you probably find the southern english accent ( ` rp ' but not exactly ) easy to understand . 
  that 's portuguese . 
  when i ordered roast pork in copenhagen there was definitely more meat and less potatoes than when i order it in the uk . 
  i love how they clearly want union with 1950s uk and not the actual uk . 
  the uber app is great , it 's just a shame it 's attached to a company that avoids every oversight that it can . 
  there 's no such thing as objectively weird food . 
  but no , those food items are totally normal from where i 'm standing . 
  who even in the uk eats bangers and mash for breakfast ? 
  are n't the higher up churchmen required to be celibate though ? 
  looks viennese to me . 
  so did the word rape - originally it meant `` take '' . 
  how about dehumanising disabled people by comparing them to asians ? 
  it 's the double whammy !, 
  rollies , at least that 's what brits call them . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagenization_ ( naval ) i have to admit that putting you in our dictionary like this is not the classiest move . 
  scandinavia could into england . 
  repeatedly . 
  then again , a fringe issue that swung it by another 0.5 % voting remain and 0.5 % leave voters not voting would have swung it . 
  you 're not a fan of the golden rule ? 
  one might say that it 's a second world country . 
  they 're also older than human habitation of new zealand . 
  johnson-thompson ? 
  you ca n't and should n't believe that . 
  so well done in correctly detecting sarcasm . 
  it was supposedly dead and decapitated , so pork might be more accurate . 
  was n't that about the amount that protested against the iraq war ? 
  i think for a lot of people in calais they would be more comfortable somewhere their english skills might be more useful and where there 's a larger pashtun speaking community - for example . 
  unfortunately the eu and immigration has been made a scapegoat by the daily mail . 
  turns out they 're not allowed to do so , it 's illegal . 
  there is a problem of unemployed brits not being able to do casual work in remote locations without losing their unemployment benefits . 
  by the fact that he 's attacking you with a knife ? 
  is n't it like mexicans in the us though ? 
  same religion , cheap hard workers ? 
  it 's the same stereotype in the uk . 
  i 'm not actually aware of any other stereotypes . 
  the only anger i 've heard about them is `` they took our jobs '' . 
  last time i was in switzerland i walked around with a scarf around my face the whole time . 
  i think i 'll ski elsewhere if frostbite is legally mandated . 
  another good example is thaler/dollar, 
  the consensus has changed . 
  you think that gibraltar would become independent ?
