  unlikely , that would be enormously unpopular here - in england because it 's the eu and in scotland because it 'd be playing dirty . 
  * looks at username * o_o, 
  should n't a spaceport be close to the equator ? 
  in the media in the uk there 's a perennial `` netherlands has way more bicycles ! '', 
  followed by everyone not in media saying to themselves `` way less hills too '', 
  the flooding was mentioned here in the news . 
  flooding solidarity i guess . 
  well , they could have accused her of personally invading , i suppose . 
  would be deliciously ironic . 
  no history of mass emigration ? 
  stealing all the soil from england to polder the entire north sea, 
  fourth . 
  go back to mongolia ! '', 
  - murdoch , 2015 , probably, 
  and in classical arabic . 
  if you 're a jew . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  it was the besten times , it was the wursten times . 
  ... because it 's not . 
  it was n't something that the refugees said though , it was just a prejudiced school principal . 
  who are in turn condemned by other feminists . 
  it 's not a club with rules for the members list . 
  i 've heard this joke with `` mechanics '' before - ie the people that actually repair car engines . 
  that nun 's name ? 
  albert einstein, 
  would settle for an independent north ireland . 
  they do n't even want to be in a country with gay marriage anyway . 
  chelsea speaks a different language ( they 're a poor oppressed russian minority ) . 
  i expect an invasion shortly . 
  and the 183cm threshold women are more common in the netherlands . 
  please do n't complain about any part of your holiday allowance to an american , it 's just cruel . 
  we 're also spending pounds/euros on local currency prices . 
  you were n't a beggar , you were a guest . 
  i 'm sorry you had a sad childhood experience . 
  now get the fuck out of a thread that 's not at all about your fee fees . 
  christiania ? 
  i 'll accept my joke as probably being unconsciously copied from somewhere , but swing and a miss on the name , sah . 
  soda , soda , tasty vomit . 
  a `` number two '' if you will, 
  okay , that was amazing . 
  you win this one . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/princess_alice_of_battenberg ? 
  have you heard any english speakers ? 
  we 're terribad . 
  memes being stupid ? 
  i 've never heard of them being that . 
  and then takes off into orbit, 
  you have monarchs on most of your currency . 
  it 's almost as if the ussr were the russian empire given a new paint job . 
  macedonia-macedonia border, 
  to someone from the us , perhaps . 
  nod ? 
  rockets are for greece of course . 
  i thought we 'd stopped doing the whole bilingual posting thing in this sub . 
  btw , belgian is a weird language . 
  butterflies ? 
  maybe he did n't want to help the country , he just wanted to personally fuck with loads of corrupt people he hated ? 
  really , no . 
  beer is whatever temperature it is . 
  and only commodity lager like most of the world drinks is best drunk too cold to taste . 
  i prefer my beer from a glass . 
  bottle or can does n't matter ( except for aging beers ) . 
  i do n't think any of the buildings being moved were built within 100m of the sea , is the thing . 
  which is funny to me because i 'm used to painstaking work to move buildings away from the sea , before they fall off crumbling cliffs . 
  moving a building towards the sea is something i 'd never considered . 
  it 's not bullshit - there 's no universal biological rules for determining what makes a human one race or another . 
  same with ethnicity . 
  that sounds amazing . 
  i 'm definitely picking some up when i visit next month . 
  i 'm a fan of uk cheese as much as anyone else , but if you a ) mention brie , a french cheese style and b ) mention somerset rather than the superior cornish brie ... well , i ca n't upvote you . 
  at least here i 'd say that brie was more famous . 
  followed by camembert of course . 
  how hard/soft is the cashel blue ? 
  i 'd love to try a new blue cheese i might be able to get here . 
  stilton is fabulous . 
  there 's something about a great blue cheese that 's not too soft - i find a lot of continental blues too soft for my taste . 
  it 's the opposite of the steampunk world where today 's social values and technology went back to victorian britain . 
  `` for too long , we have been a passively tolerant society , saying to our citizens ` as long as you obey the law , we will leave you alone ' '' - david cameron 2015, 
  i 'm pretty sure britain still has a bigger empire . 
  `` portugal says if you want to add france , it could be fiigs '', 
  we should give them back to the places that paid for them - western asia minor . 
  pretty sure the settlers and amerindians were n't culturally homogeneous . 
  talking about wars ... 
  that 's right !, 
  europe needs to bail out greece or the turks will take constantinople . 
  `` make an example '' i.e. 
  fat and sloppily dressed though . 
  beer and pizza . 
  wine with dinner . 
  they did ban the existence of prussia . 
  recent onion article : `` study finds 98 % of german sexual intercourse uploaded to pornhub '' . 
  many hmong people settled in the usa . 
  and in any case , france was fighting that war at the start . 
  france and britain were interested in the status quo - and did not want to interfere in the balkans again . 
  germany on the other hand `` weltmacht oder niedergang '' . 
  i said what i said - austria-hungary and germany were responsible for ww1 and it was n't unreasonable for them to pay reparations . 
  we 're not talking about a hypothetical great war , we 're talking about 1914 . 
  the reason germany had to pay reparations from 1919 . 
  britain and france would n't have attacked the other powers because they were already on top . 
  only germany had a motive of trying to topple the previous world system .
