guernsey is a republic too ... though i guess it 's not part of the uk ... damn you win this time . 
  or in nato, 
  it is quite an attractive flag though . 
  military action is n't the only avenue for supra-national solidarity . 
  arguably trade agreements are more important , being key to the formation of the eu . 
  normandy ca n't go independent , it 's rightfully the patrimony of the english crown !, 
  what is the mechanism for constitutional amendment ? 
  did the count of barcelona ever control roussilon ? 
  and that was what the eu was doing , before putin made it much more expensive . 
  your analysis of how european redditors would react to that scenario with china and japan is so inaccurate that i am literally looking at those words wide-eyed . 
  finland was pressured by the ussr to be `` neutral '' in a process known as `` finlandization '' . 
  there may be some europeans who do n't like what the us does in the middle east . 
  but there 's americans who do n't like what the us does in the me too . 
  there 's a difference between being in europe and being in the middle east . 
  how common is not knowing hindi ? 
  i met one or two indians who only had english in common - though maybe it was just that their english was better than their hindi . 
  bosnia is already little !, 
  i 'm sure the venetians could cut you a deal in return for supporting independence . 
  get eurocopters and europanzers together , remove borscht from premises !, 
  the kremlin would probably be happy to label all of them western journalists though . 
  i 'm sure you wo n't notice the cold with a decent coat and enough beer and sausage ... 
  i had a great time drinking beer and looking at cultural stuff in prague . 
  brewery tours , eat sausage , walk around the castle grounds . 
  we need little george to marry catharina-amalia and then we 're good to go . 
  athens itself is actually really nice , though it has been bad-talked by some . 
  lunch is cheap and delicious in any of a number of cafes and restaurants . 
  the metro works well to get you around , so get a hotel not too far from one and you 'll be able to see everything . 
  the acropolis is well worth a visit , just to sit in the sun and take in the landscape of what was the hub of a mini empire . 
  the associated museum is ... well air conditioned , and the excavated houses with glass above them are nice . 
  however , i prefer wandering around ruins in open air here - the philopappos monument and arch of hadrian - but especially the temple of hephaestus are must-sees . 
  we 'd better get that redesign with st david 's cross ready then ? 
  that reminds me of the danish pastry = vienense pastry in denmark = turkish pastry in austria thing ( if i remember that chain right ) . 
  who did you steal the pastries from ? 
  yeah , give back roussilon !, 
  i do n't know , let me ask this hanoverian mercenary * shots fired *, 
  cccp kernel version , nyet ? 
  also when there 's `` turkish coffee '' and `` turkish delight '' printed on menus instead of `` greek coffee '' and `` greek delight '' - i must admit i laughed when i read that last one , the confectionery is only ever known as turkish in my country . 
  guard pile of potatoes . 
  knights of malta are still around . 
  i visited their embassy in prague . 
  it still never sets ( thanks to some neat strategically located islands ) . 
  putin knows that he 'd be the first up against the wall when the homosex revolution comes . 
  yes , but i 've heard that the tourists who would come for the culture , outdoors etc tend to come in smaller numbers while the wc is on . 
  this does n't really apply to qatar i guess . 
  france had absolutely nowhere near enough fighter aircraft or pilots though . 
  curse you and your sudden yet inevitable betrayal !, 
  read that as `` denmark/refused '', 
  you do n't know luxury and good craftsmanship until you 've used a german crowbar . 
  a strong defence is a very threatening thing . 
  this is something the british empire and now the us does n't seem to fully grasp the consequences of . 
  i know , i was just double-trolling there . 
  probably should n't have . 
  `` i like your satan but i do not like your satanists '' - gandhi, 
  they did have horned helmets for religious purposes . 
  would n't have been people `` viking '' who 'd wear them though i guess . 
  `` storm in a teacup '' , i think you 'll find . 
  does n't stop a lot of people from hating them . 
  interestingly it originally referred to missionary activity ( tips hat ) . 
  the mega-mega idea . 
  actual hatred is remaining silent and looking slightly uncomfortable when the hated person is near . 
  learning more about the current make-up of spain makes me re-evaluate how i look at the history of iberia that i 've learned . 
  that maybe portugal is not so different from andalusia , catalonia and the basque country . 
  an independent andalusia of gibraltar , ceuta and melilla would be an interesting concept . 
  nationalists for a nation state that does n't exist currently are still nationalists  edited for accuracy . 
  that 's because the media do n't bother to report it as often . 
  1900 of those will be obsessed with filling their fermenters with hops though , 
  when i have to describe it , i say it tastes like christmas . 
  i 've got some magyar friends whose parents make homemade palinka , it 's so good . 
  i 'm visiting prague soon , and the beer is one of the reasons why :-d, 
  only since 1901 . 
  oceania is the continent . 
  australia is the mainland of that continent , rather than being an island . 
  it can be an annexation and still have historical justification and widespread support . 
  it 's the process , not the reasons for it happening . 
  australasia/australia/oceania is the continent , so australia is not an island . 
  otherwise the americas would be an island ? 
  oi , rack off !, 
  i mixed it up with naples and spain both being ruled by bourbons . 
  explains why * aragon * tried to take over italy . 
  ( apologies ), 
  fair enough , they are absolutely not in the same category . 
  plus the anglican church is quite different in character to the more stereotypical protestantism ( i.e. 
  unlike finland and much of the strongly pro-eu countries , we were not under the thumb of the ussr . 
  finland has good reason to be less detached than it could be . 
  ( sorry for bombing you in ww2 by the way ), 
  that 's true - but i think the german empire really thought it was more self sufficient than it actually was . 
  germany very much did n't realise that the royal navy could starve them into utter surrender . 
  ... a fourth world war ? 
  they were starving to death !, 
  saying `` we would be the greatest nation on the planet '' is the kind of thinking that led to ww1 in the first place . 
  putting your hand on your heart is * a * salute , even if it 's not * the * salute you 're thinking of . 
  britain won great victories in india and africa , but those are n't thought of as noble . 
  britain fought a defensive war , germany an offensive one . 
  britain fought for the liberation of belgium , germany fought to swallow poland . 
  british use of gas , bombing and blockade was in response to german first use of them . 
  anything that happened in ww2 is irrelevant to ww1, 
  are those far-righters not usually anti-muslim though ? 
  putinists should be glad that these articles are not asking for the territorial integrity of ukraine with regard to crimea . 
  and scots are british . 
  does n't change a thing .
