  because laws already exist for punishing me if i call for violance against a certain group , for example . 
  i dont see why stuff like this is necessary, 
  the reason is , that we still have loads of saudi funded mosques in europe, 
  no misunderstanding , i know its only about the powerplants, 
  yea ofcourse it could be worse , but wind-turbines are not cheap to set up and take quite a while to make their money back . 
  the way you describe it is probably the way it was intended to be used . 
  however i read ( and saw a documentary ) that us companies were explioting this rule in canada , im sorry i cant find it right now , i will keep looking . 
  i dont know how to feel about this . 
  its good for a cleaner climate , but coal is one of the cheapest resources to produce energy , other than that the netherlands has quite a big gas reserve , but nothing else . 
  i dont think renewables contribute a lot to the total energy production , personally i 'm a bigger fan of nuclear energy . 
  except when there isnt a ship nearby , or when in 5 to 10 years radar technology will render the ` stealth ' of the f35 useless ... 
  thanks , looks like a good read , willdo when i get home, 
   there is also great anxiety about proposed special courts where investors will be able to sue governments if they feel that legislation hurts their business unfairly i think this is the main issue for many people , it gives companies a lot of power . 
  the same happenend in canada after they agreed to a similair trade deal with the us, 
  i realise that , they still test them on dog-fights however . . 
  not as stealthy , but better at dog-fights than the f35 for sure . 
  also , a lot cheaper, 
  no way i am moving to sweden with all the retarded self-hatred shit that is going on there at the moment . 
  insert ` thank you ! ', 
  you see the problem is turkey has the eu by the balls and is not afraid to squeeze, 
  yes !, 
  for the love of god let 's !, 
  they seem to be the only ones not ashamed of loving their country and preserving it, 
  i agree 100 % with you . 
  wilders would not be my choice , but at this point , what is the alternative if you want something to change and are not happy with the way things are at the moment ? 
  i would prefer pim fortuyn however . . or a more nuanced version of wilders, 
  main reason is apparently because rafale fighters can carry nukes . . 
  i think they were just really unprepared and ad-hoc ` ed it, 
  jesus i didnt mean anything by it . 
  i was honestly wondering , if for example 1 million people come into a country in a short amount of time , they dont have a lot of time to find a job , this could impact unemployment numbers , calm down, 
  and thats a good thing , in my opinion, 
  i see , thanks !, 
  serious question , does this have anything to do with the refugee crisis ? 
  i dont know how many ( if any ) refugees norway has taken in, 
  no suprise there, 
  i like this guy , but sometimes he seems just a tad mad, 
  still though , getting 40 % of the vote . . that 's basically 40 % of the french voting for her , even if the other parties wo n't cooperate with her , some things will have to change otherwise there will be a revolt . 
  you are a disgrace to our nation !, 
  . . however i do n't like cheese , so i guess i 'm not much of a dutchman either . . 
  very unsuprising, 
  to be honest with you , i think they just dont want more muslims . 
  however they obviously would never put it that way . 
  also im not saying i agree with that , just the way i read the article, 
  look its very simple . 
  for example : being in gay in europe is okay , in most middle eastern countries , it is not . 
  so if you come to europe from the middle east and find yourself not being able to cope with the fact that men are allowed to kiss eachother in public here , then you either accept that you are in a different country and that 's just the way we do things here , or , you go back to where everything is the way you want it to be . 
  well they could be educated , if they still believe in things that conflict with our norms , then in my opinion , they are still not welcome . 
  ah yes , you must be talking about all those doctors and architects that the eu was talking about, 
  i highly doubt that, 
  how about anything that is medieval and based on a book that is 1400 years old is incompatible, 
  this is great news !, 
  who said anything about killing anyone ? 
  yea , lets just wait for shit to really get out of control , like , when it 's to late to do anything, 
  that would mean closing a lot of mosques , did you see the recent news that france ( could be germany ) was going to introduce a law which would allow them to close down about 60 of them ? 
  he will get more radicalised in jail though . . 
  if a white man did this , then yes, 
  maybe because it has gotten to the point where more and more people are actually concerned with these type of reports ? 
  or would you prefer to ignore it ? 
  how about , for preaching and advocating for backward medieval ideas ? 
  no , i do n't , i was drawing a comparrison . 
  some nutter muslims ? 
  do you know how many muslims living in europe agree with some pretty radical ideas ? 
  for example , some polls state that almost 40 % of european muslims believe that homosexuality should be punishable . 
  sounds great !, 
  i did not say that, 
  yea sure man , factually you are correct . 
  however , how about i go to saudi arabia and preach about how they are all nuts and should adhere to western culture ? 
  i dont think anyone will ever see me again . 
  why is this man not being arrested as we speak ? 
  this goes 100 % against our values and way of life in the west . 
  oh wait , the police do n't want to be branded racist , that must be it edit : really guys , a dude can get arrested in germany for liking a damn facebook post and forced to pay a fine , but this guy , he 's innocent , and we ca n't just start arresting and deporting people now can we ? 
  please get your head out of the ground . 
  look i agree that europe should stand strong as a block , however i believe it 's just too early for that and our cultures are still a bit to different . 
  the refugee crisis really shows that . 
  it shows that europe really is not as united as the eu would have you believe , people still want to be in control of their own country and not give up to much power to people they do n't know in brussels, 
  why would it happen without the eu too ? 
  if we have a refferendum in a country , about whatever you like , we get a certain result , there is bigger chance the government will stick to that result because there is no pressure from the eu to stick to a different path . 
  `` the commission is made up of 28 unelected commissioners , who can not be held to account . 
  each commissioner has a specific policy area in which to create laws . 
  the commission has a president ( currently jean-claude juncker ) ; unlike the other 27 commissioners he is personally elected by the european parliament , however his was the only name on the ballot paper , not exactly democratic . '', 
  do you understand what i mean when i say ` undemocratic ' ? 
  from the outside and no , it would not have gone the same , the eu would not have forced certain countries to take in refugees and quilt trip the people in europe into agreeing with it . 
  because even though the eu has rules that apply to all member states , i think that you can not force a country to do something that it does not want to do . 
  for example , a few months back , there was talk of member states being fined ~ 250.000 euros per refugee that they did not take into their country . 
  if a country refuses to take people in that they do n't want there , then thats their right . 
  fining them for it seems pretty authoritarian, 
  ofcourse not !, 
  what would make you think that ? 
  all the attacks were done by lone wolves . 
  also , it has nothing to do with their culture or religion . 
  we are all the same dammit !, 
  i agree with terrorism and war , resource mgmt , climate change and economic stability . 
  however , the way the eu handles immigration is completly insane, 
  the biggest problem i have with the eu , is the fact that it is not a democratic institute , they do n't listen to their population and instead just do what they feel like . 
  i suppose it also makes life simpler , when people we did not elect , decide things on our behalf , import a culture that hates our way of life , and to top it off , will re-do a refferendum or simply ignore the result if they do n't like it . 
  sounds great !, 
  that is not what i said, 
  because they are doing so well by themselves , right ? 
  yea i agree , sometimes you need to ditch stuff , but it wasnt a problem in 2008 , 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 , 2014 but now , now its a problem . 
  its like people just finally found the one thing they can spend their time on while being unemployed and bored .
