  by the way , cleary france is a sexist country because they did not vote for the female candidate , right ? 
  edit : downvotes instead of arguments . 
  nice, 
   or if it was a concerned staffer that actually understands the importance of french american relations . 
  even when trump just congratulates someone , you have to take a dig at him, 
  okay, 
  true , but there would be one less asshole on earth, 
  yea but you see , this man will then cost the state thousands of dollars every year , not exactly ideal either, 
   i also abhor the deathpenalty in the us and japan . 
  to be honest . 
  i 'm not sure where i stand . 
  a man that rapes several children for example , in my book , he deserves to die instead of getting jail time with a possibility of getting out, 
   ` let 's have a referendum on kicking out the jews ' let 's not, 
  right back at ya !, 
  going to be very interesting to see what happens here !, 
   you should go to jail for even mentioning communism/socialism is n't all bad seeing as the same rules apply for nazism , i agree . 
  well , i suppose we 're at a bit of a stalemate then . 
  they never will , because people will always be swayed by nice promises . 
  even though communism killed off an insane amount of people . 
  what is this image supposed to tell me ? 
  yes , the boats are the problem , not our policies, 
  i agree with you , but i 'm just saying that morality  legality is dangerous , because it depends on who decides what is moral, 
  oh look , another sob story from the independent . 
  i 'm sorry he died , but what exactly is the purpose of this piece ? 
  that 's a slippery slope, 
  [ erdogan right now ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/nmfxemuymakme/giphy.gif ), 
   the kind of person on whom a lobotomy might be an improvement . 
  see , this is what i mean , why is this even neccesary ? 
  you must be such a nice person in real life . 
  how do you usually deal with people that have differing opinions ? 
  and you keep believing in the far-right menace and their supposed `` fear-mongering '', 
  i 'm not obsessed with it at all, 
   yeah i know a lot of people think we gays and lesbians have some kind of hive-mind and we only see the world with some glasses that mend the world through our sexuality correction , leftist think this . 
  i do n't , like most people that are right of center, 
   it is a great shame that leftist parties across the world claim to be standing up for lgbt rights , yet want to open the floodgates for islam . 
  this , so much this . 
  you are talking so much sense, 
   as a lesbian wow , this will blow several leftist minds . 
  a lesbian that does not hate le pen with all her being . 
  does n't she want to round you all up and put you in camps ?!?!?!? 
  she is a facist after all !, 
  the same happenend for the otherside in the first round . 
  apparently it was just the ineptitude of the french administrative skills, 
   i 'm ashamed to share my country with you as with trump , not everyone that voted for him dislikes immigrants or mexicans or whatever other group . 
  they wanted a change , and did not see that in hillary . 
  the same is happening here . 
  so please stop with this reasoning that everyone that votes for le pen is a racist bigot . 
  if anyone here is a bigot , it is you, 
  it 's funny how some of you guys are always screaming about how people on the right like to generalize , when actually you do it even more than we do . 
  unbelieveable, 
  wow it 's almost as if these people have some serious and legitimate worries !, 
  but no , they 're just racists and very dumb . 
  right ? 
  shocking !, 
  what should i have added ? 
   german flair wait , what ? 
  it 's good that we keep doing this . 
  but today we party , bevrijdingsdag !, 
  i see there was n't much going on in the swamps that is now my country at the time . 
  not angry , but it is against his original position, 
   assad use sarin gas on his people unproven , could be rebels or al-qaida, 
  ofcourse , lets keep bombing the middle east , killing more people , then , we act suprised when we 've created a massive refugee stream . 
  solid plan , i 'm in, 
  nice one `` if we ignore all the problems , they will go away by themselves ! '', 
  ever been to some of those estates in marseille , i hear those are great this time of year, 
  `` how americans hacked the french election '', 
   that would have been could i borrow that magic glass ball of yours sometime ? 
  what is this new invisble church meme ? 
   to kill terrorists . 
  you might want to sprinkle some civilians in there, 
  the same europeans who are angry at trump for missle strikes ? 
  because their boy obama threw more bombs than the us did in vietnam, 
  same with trump . 
  the media constantly bashing him and his supporters won him the presidency, 
  lets just seize the means of production and try communism again . 
  would everyone be happy then ? 
   high priestess of fear if pointing out fucked up stuff going on your country gets you that title , france is truly fucked, 
  oh my god , who cares, 
  no context at all , great, 
   yeah and its been proven right . 
  what bad things has trump said about lgbt ? 
  good for you latvia !, 
  never knew trieste was so beautiful !, 
   dislike for lgbts where has she said anything about these people ? 
  this argument came up again and again when trump was running too , i have yet to see it . 
  the same could be said about many people on the left , but you do n't care about that , do you ? 
  you guys are so tolerant of other people 's opinions , it 's amazing, 
   never ending war and division . 
  do you really believe in this peaceful one world , one people bullshit ? 
  it will never happen, 
  then go , you cleary do n't understand the concerns of your own people . 
  you can be an individual and be proud of your own accomplishments , and still be proud of where you come from . 
  they are not mutually exclusive, 
  yes because people are not allowed to be proud of where they come from or their shared heritage . 
  why do you hate that idea so much ? 
  do n't count your chickens before they 're hatched, 
  do n't hold your breath for that to happen, 
  tldr : stop being proud of your history , nationality and heritage and just conform already !, 
  the russians hacking game is on point if we are to believe sites like politico, 
  yea no suprise there , i think everyone knew that people would rally around whoever was to go up against le pen,
