  you might be onto something there . 
  to my suprise however i read that there are some surinamers who do actually vote for him . 
  erdogan needs to leave the netherlands the fuck alone, 
  the dutch turks do, 
  wow , okay , isis could be smuggling in suplies over the sea . 
  not that hard to do . 
  besides , even though he might be in the navy , any military personel can be used in a war . 
  you do n't understand how warfare works do you ? 
  ever heard of naval bombardment or blocking supply lines ? 
   reactivating deactivated weapons is one of europe 's main sources of illegal guns . 
  i never knew that this was relatively easy to do, 
   mohammad nadi ismail , a former syrian navy captain , entered europe via bulgaria and hungary , hoping to join his uncle and brother in britain so not only a migrant , but a deserter aswell . 
  the guardian is not really a source ... 
  it 's more like news with an opinion thrown in, 
  still does n't answer the question . 
  if i were to post on facebook : `` i hate all < insert group of people here  !!! '', 
  is that hate speech ? 
  racism ? 
  or freedom of speech ? 
  who decides ? 
  and who is going to be deciding what counts as `` hate speech '' ? 
   they have prevented hundreds from crossing the 140-mile border illegally , sending them back to turkey or handing them over to bulgarian authorities , rusev said . 
  might be a little crazy to go out hunting for migrants yourself , but at least they arent hurting them , just sending them back . 
  i do n't see the problem, 
  i never said wilders is , or is not an islamaphobe . 
  like i explained above , i dislike the word , which i also explained, 
   and islamophobic geert wilders well , this starts off very unbaised, 
  is it possible to remove someone from nato ? 
  and let the us spread some more ` democracy and freedom ' ? 
  i think erdogan might be taking crazy pills, 
  and it 's only just march ... just wait for the sea to calm down in the summer . 
  the eu will have to get its shit together, 
  true , however , while i was in indonesia , i talked to many locals . 
  and while they obviously agree that the dutch did some nasty stuff , they were glad with the infrastructure and rule of law established by the dutch . 
  there are pros and cons, 
   during this period , the british empire reached a territorial size larger than that of any other empire in history . 
  i realise you guys might have been the first , but still , 
   pvda doubt that . 
  rather groenlinks , do n't you think ? 
  pvda will probably be to small, 
  and rightly so . 
  the sun never set on the british empire for a reason . 
  it was fucking massive . 
  if we could only see it like that here in the netherlands . 
  the 1600s were no joke for us edit : and here we go , being proud of your nations history is problematic , is n't it guys ? 
  like the guy below says , morals change over time , and that 's a good thing . 
  does n't mean you ca n't be proud of what your ancestors achieved, 
  probably a pat on the back . 
  and if the child is female , she will be stoned to death for shaming her family . 
  he means how some germans still feel bad about wwii and they should atone for their sins . 
  even though what hapenend back then , were not their sins, 
  that 's because the school systems in many western countries are tailored to girls . 
  read [ the war against boys ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2000/05/the-war-against-boys/304659/ ) by christina hoff summers, 
   the unaccompanied , asylum-seeking minors had been sentenced to youth custody of up to 15 months for dragging another afghan boy into a forest in october , threatening him with a knife and raping him . 
  really , 15 months for rape ? 
  i 'm glad this court overturned the lower courts ruling break the rules ? 
  back you go !, 
  hmm i 'm missing saudi arabia around here somewhere, 
  jesus christ , do you know how to use google ? 
  also , this belongs on r/askeurope, 
  not if he does not get into the coalition no , then all he can do is bitch moan and complain . 
  which to be quite honest , is where i like him to be . 
  i like his tough stance on islam and the eu , but he can be a little cray cray sometimes . 
  so i would rather have him around just to bring the government back down to earth every now and then, 
  in the netherlands , the pvv ( wilders ) will probably get a sizeable chunck of the seats . 
  i 'm guessing between 18 and 23 maybe . 
  but i think it will end up with a coalition of vvd ( liberals ) , d66 ( democrats 66 ) , cda ( christian democrats ) and groenlinks ( green-lefts ) so in my opinion , another 4 years of not getting shit done because of conflicting opinions within a coalition, 
  how do we get you into the european parliament ? 
   this is the american `` consulate '' in frankfurt . 
  wow they must process * a lot * of visa requests there . 
  what an extremely radical idea of you !, 
  needs to be 50/50 otherwise its a patriarchy and women are oppressed / s, 
  no it ca n't , because it 's leaders are high on political power . 
  which is more addictive and potent than [ cocaine ] ( http://theconversation.com/the-neurochemistry-of-power-has-implications-for-political-change-23844 ), 
  error 404 : reference not found, 
  i doubt it has much to do with trump . 
  it 's mostly that he has been very reclusive the last 2 weeks . 
  not joining debates , that kind of thing . 
  while usually , he is not bad at debating at all . 
  yes , because equality of outcome is all that matters to feminists meritocracy is dead , my friend . 
  it 's all about wether you are a * black transgender lesbian wheelchair-bound troglodyte * that will get you jobs nowadays, 
  have n't you heard about the wage gap ?!, 
  or manspreading and mansplaining ?!, 
  oh the humanity !, 
   but if you criticise the government , its policies , or the person of the leader ( especially in a place -- such as twitter or the international media -- where someone might actually read it ) , you 're more likely to be trolled and harassed by the new authoritarian 's ( often subsidised ) supporters than sent to the mines . 
  you will however , probably lose your job , credibility and thus , your life will be in shambles . 
  that 's the modern way of destroying someone 's life i suppose, 
  i think trump is more keen on starting one with china , instead of the eu . 
  for good reason, 
  i do n't know for sure if you are being 100 % sarcastic , but why should this be any less believeable , than all the fearmongering about russian funding all over the place ? 
  as long as the funding goes towards the left , then everything is fine ? 
   the selection committee commits to creating and sustaining platforms for addressing issues of gender equality from different perspectives around the globe well , i wonder what perspectives the middle east can offers us on equality, 
  netherlands sold all its mbt 's during the last big budget cuts . 
  we do have ifv 's though . 
  the cv-90, 
   if a german can feel ashamed of the holocaust i think we should never forget what happenend , but germans born after wwii who had nothing to do with it , should not have to be ashamed anymore . 
  this is exactly the kind of thinking that let them open the doors to almost 1.5 million refugees . 
  because they felt bad about the past . 
  it still boggles my mind , that the us spends more than the 10 next countries combined , on the military . 
  in some places this is so true .
