   they point out the faults of the european project exactly , and the truth hurts , doesnt it ? 
   who is to say that then nothing new would arise exactly , most people here are acting like the end of the eu as we know it right now , would spell an apocalypse for the european continent , i really do n't think it would be that bad . 
  it seems like most security/intelligence forces in europe are on top of their game lately, 
  why do you want to get rid of nation-states and their individual cultures sooooo badly ? 
  are you like one of those borg from star trek ? 
  exactly , too little , too late . 
  after forcing a lot of shit down everyone 's throat , now they say : `` come on guys , we are stronger together ! '', 
  sure and when the time comes , they will just fuck us over again, 
  this is because our system apparently allows for an infinite number of parties . 
  fucking ridiculous , how can anything actually get done this way, 
  i do n't see the point in their gamble here . 
  what were they hoping to achieve ? 
  great podcast , thanks for sharing !, 
  it really depends on how many seats the pvv gets at the election what the effects on the eu will be . 
  many parties do n't want to work with him , so he will need at least half the parliament , 75 seats ... to do any real damage, 
  great argument buddy , get a fucking life man, 
  no , the biggest threat is mass immigration , sanctioned by leftist parties in europe . 
  because this has the potential to rip apart the social fabric of eu member states . 
  but i get it , these parties want more people who will depend on the government and will therefore . . you guessed it , vote for more government . 
  no , by negative i mean calling the ban on people from certain countries a ` muslim ban ' when it 's not a muslim ban , for example . 
  the same as when the infamous quote about `` all mexicans are rapists '' except trump never really said that , that is what i was getting at this kind of baiting is only creating more and more unrest and divide in america, 
  did n't know you were a law student , also , calling me a nitwit wo n't make me agree with you any faster  within its jurisdiction however , go ahead and correct me if i 'm wrong but , within us jurisdiction , is not at an airfield in , say , libya for example . 
  and if he really has broken the law , why has he not been impeached yet ? 
   the fourteenth amendment addresses many aspects of citizenship and the rights of citizens citizens !!, 
  not random people wanting to come to the us who have no american citizenship . 
  i commend you for taking the time to post these links but , all these outlets have been negative ( and continue to be negative ) about trump for about a year and a half . 
  its the same as me posting a breitbart link here . 
  which is not even allowed i believe . 
  so i will look through some of them , but do n't expect me to take it all as gospel, 
  where in the constitution does it say you ca n't ban a certain group of people from your country ? 
  obama did the exact same thing in 2011 with the iraqi 's or were you talking about something else ? 
   a little shocked to see an iranian make excuses for trump this is your problem right here . 
  b - but but , you 're iranian !!, 
  how can you defend this guy !, 
  everyone just needs to fit into their little box for you do n't they ? 
  people are not defined by who they are or the actions they take , but by their skin colour and nationality apparently, 
  no i do n't want people in the middle of nowhere to have no say in their countries politics . 
  you 're basically saying : `` yeah fuck those idiots , its their own fault for living in the mid-west '', 
  please read my comment properly . 
  womens march was the 21st , not the 20th, 
  i might remember it a little different , but i believe there were a few more than 20 kids running around . 
  eitherway it doesnt really matter , you believe trump is a facist and i do n't think there is anything i can say to change your mind . 
   january 21 yes i know , that 's why i said the 20th . 
  i realise that the woman 's march was very peaceful, 
  destroying other peoples property , attacking people for their political beliefs , trying to enforce their ideas through violence . 
  listen carefully , the ban is for certain countries , not people of a certain religion . 
  the countries were also first picked by the obama administration , he just never put it into action . 
  people from indonesia for example , are still allowed into the usa . 
  does van der bellen have any say in this ? 
  i thought stuff like this would never happen with him as president, 
  most terrorists are muslims though ... 
  yeah there were definitely some very very bad apples over there , but at least there you could be honest about your dislike of the eu for example . 
  here ( usually ) that just gets you downvotes . 
   usa under trump `` nato countries need to carry their own weight '' - trump what a fucking mad man , right ? 
   a fascist dictator pfff , really ? 
  the people that were protesting on january 20th looked more like facists to me, 
   undemocratic institution the electoral college was created to make sure the voting system was not undemocratic . 
  how would it make sense that cities like la and ny could decide for the whole country who the next president should be ? 
  i have no idea how i am supposed to read/see this, 
  its funny how amsterdam is very small , no high gdp , but then the netherlands as a whole has quite a high gdp . 
  thanks to the port of rotterdam , maybe ? 
  good , its a ridiculous law anyway, 
  no he is not , just tough talk , he want europe to spend more on defence , i agree with that sentiment, 
  wow wow hold up , why do we need the nazi 's to get involved ? 
  ca n't we make the moon like a penal colony or something ? 
  that 's how australia started , turned out pretty good !, 
  no , grateful to europe for letting them stay here, 
  they should be grateful they are even here, 
  why the hell is the democratic people 's republic of korea ( best korea ) not on this list ?!, 
  it is in the name you imperialist dogs !, 
  nato will still be around buddy , do n't get all doom and gloom, 
  how so ? 
   victories for the national front in france and alternative for germany would `` destroy '' the continent , he said . 
  we ca n't have the people vote for the parties they want to vote for !, 
  this is terrible !, 
  face it eu leaders , you made this possible !, 
  well done !, 
  but . . but . . muslims have no hatred towards jews , right ? 
  open the gates to hell, 
   just 130 words and mps are given just five days to debate it so ? 
  they should be happy its only 130 words long then, 
  really ? 
  did not know that . 
  glad they are changing it . 
  if i marry another man and move to saudi arabia , i wonder how long it will take before i will be put in prison . 
  but , if i marry a child , its all good !, 
  the reason the electoral systems exists , is to ensure that cities like la and ny do n't dicate the entire voting system . 
  how would people in states like wyoming and new mexico etc have any voice otherwise ? 
  i 'd be the first to finance the plane ticket to the middle east, 
  where this person will become even more radicalised !, 
  perfect !, 
  because `` be tolerant '', 
  bird watchers, 
  great , lets just get it over with already, 
  there is reason for the electoral system , google is a thing , look it up, 
   the court said the marriage was legal because it had been carried out in accordance with syrian law . 
  they are in germany now , that means following german law . 
  such a progressive culture, 
  i think you have been spending too much time in r/feminism and on tumblr, 
  well she got some serious flak for the migrant crisis,
