  i expect the pvv will do a lot better elsewhere in the country though . 
  i think judging by this , moving to 100 % renewable energy will take a bit longer than most people are suggesting . 
  just not as affordable yet, 
  the dutch can make some pretty weird sounds that only spanish people can really imitate . 
  our ` g ' is pronounced by making some sort of pre-historic gurgling noise in the throat . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/afghan-trainee-kills-six-us-troops/22198 ), 
  right . . 
  so it 's kinda like here in the netherlands they shaved 2 billion off the defence budget . 
  then people got angry so they were like , okay okay we 'll spend more !, 
  then they shaved off 1.5 billion more ( in the background ) and added 1 billion . 
  what a joke . 
   the five biggest importers were india , saudi arabia , the united arab emirates ( uae ) , china and algeria well this is not worrying at all . 
  do n't you dare touch that batman dvd set !!, 
  you 'll burn at the damn stake i tell you !, 
   an egyptian court in cairo those are their rules , not ours , that is the entire point here, 
  hear hear !, 
  it 's like islam is on the world endangered species list . 
  while it 's actually the fastest growing religion in the world, 
  oh god imagine if some people got offended . 
  now that would be a disaster they burn us flags 24/7 all over the world . 
  no one gives a fuck . 
  why should anyone care that a book is burned , that someone has an emotional ( and irrational ) connection to ? 
  that would be a very bad idea have you seen what happened routinely to us troops training afghani troops ? 
  denmark yes !, 
  well done , you 've gone full retard, 
  only in iceland is stuff like this possible it seems . 
  i mean their biggest issues are about pineapple on pizza . 
  what a life, 
  i really do n't see the point . . how about instead of this we start actually cracking down on imams that preach hate and intolerance in mosques throughout europe, 
  they really seem to have this idea that european men are just letting themselves being ` cucked ' into all sorts of shit . 
  and that we are somehow unable to stand up for ourselves . 
  it has nothing to do with masculinity or alpha or beta . 
  the problems we have in europe , stem from mistakes that were made in past ( and mistakes made in the present ) by our politicians . 
  maybe they should visit europe some time and speak to some other men . 
  that would probably change their mind . 
  allright , fair enough , thanks for clearing that up !, 
  can i ask a question ? 
  why is fox news not a credible source , but the independent is a credible source ? 
  they both have a staggering amount of bias, 
  how the fuck is this removed for lack of context . 
  jesus christ the fucking censorship on different opinions is staggering, 
  so could you as a swede tell me how accurate [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1_vipsd-by ) video is ? 
  `` what ? 
  problems with migrants in sweden ? 
  nothing to see here ! '', 
  how long are these politicians going to keep this up ? 
   the country had a high number of sexual assault reports , relative to other european countries , because more victims come forward , not because there was more violence . 
  how the fuck do you even prove this ? 
  it 's just an assumption . 
  hardly `` debunked '', 
   i am against any form of fascism  prevent neo-nazi march happening oh the irony ... 
   `` hoping for terrorist attacks '' i never saw this and i would like to see proof first . 
   spreading his hateful rhetoric . 
  in my opinion he is usually quite clear in the difference between radical , and normal muslims and supports people like maajid nawaz and ayaan hirsi ali . 
  pointing out problems in europe and pointing out faults within certain cultures is not hateful . 
  haha , thanks for pointing it out , was not intentional, 
  he has a good point . 
  well executed publicity stunt before the elections . 
  i do n't blame her though . 
  better than the swedes who went to iran , wore hijabs , and then 3 days later lectured iran on their human rights issues . 
  edit : wore , not whore ... 
  got any arguments to back it up ? 
  i feel another `` crimea '' situation coming up real soon ... 
  i do give credit to wilders for always being critical of the ruling government . 
  i want him and his party in the parlement just for that reason though . 
  just to remind us that there are things we need to talk about , even if it makes people uncomfortable . 
  i do not however , need him as my pm, 
  i know its kinda strange . 
  but i think he knows his voter base very well . 
  most of them are not very educated people . 
  so they wo n't want to go through a 50 page document just to figure out whether or not to vote for the guy . 
  keep it simple , was probably his motto, 
  that 's basically what they are good at though . 
  it 's like they really do n't know any better way to react . 
   direct democracy : introduction of binding referedum , civilians gain power muh fascism !, 
  seriously though , so much of this stuff will be unachieveable for wilders even if he does become pm . 
  he would have to break up the constitution several times . 
  pretty cool that tim pool took him up on it . 
  i wonder what he will find when he gets there, 
  looks like everyone is jumping on the `` shit on sweden '' bandwagon, 
  that 's the reason for the 2 % rule , so everyone spends 2 percent of their gdp . 
  ( that 's the goal anyway ), 
  nice gesture , good luck with implementing it though . . 
   where gangs walk around with ak47s and murder , rape , and crime happens every day . 
  they have these in marseille , my friend . 
  i will agree , in sweden they probably do n't walk around with ak-47s , but the things i read and see , still pretty fucking bad and counts as a no go zone in my book . 
   hey , i drove 10 km/h too fast today ; seems like austrian streets are not under government control congrats , that 's the most retarded comparrison i have seen in quite a while . 
  we are talking about areas where the police would rather not go , because they will get harrased , attacked etc. 
  is there even a `` good timing '' for this type of shit ? 
  what the hell are you talking about, 
  til wikipedia is a 100 % credible source, 
  because it 's fucking insane that there is a certain area within a country , that is not actually controlled by that country . 
  but instead is ruled by the people that live there and terrorise everyone around them and that is what the term no-go zone envoleps, 
   there are laws and regulations keeping immigrants poor and/or prohibiting them to work oh come on man , i am so tired of this argument . 
  you ca n't just say `` europeans are keeping them poor '' what about many of the chinese immigrants we have in the netherlands for example ? 
  never complained or tried to change our country to better benefit them . 
  they arrived and started looking for jobs , succesfully i might add . 
  now why is this sooooo hard to do for immigrants of different cultures . 
  i am very curious . 
   only because the inhabitants are immigrants , is unproven and likely not true .
