  the fuck , erdogan told his goons to get involved, 
   why ca n't you just use the bbc headline rather than making up your own ? 
  this was the headline, 
  that 's pretty radical . 
  how do they see this happening , second spanish civil war ? 
  everything about this is awesome , except amsterdam kind regards , salty rotterdammert, 
  just go away sultan , very far away, 
  bad attempt at a shitpost, 
  jesus christ , 38.2 % of us population is overweight . 
  i never knew it was * that * bad edit : okay okay , i did not know there was a real difference between obese and overweight . 
  fucking lolled hard at that one, 
  uk will arrest him first chance they get, 
  yes for the love of god let 's !, 
  no the media is spinning a narrative, 
   we just need an army capable of defending us from an attack which at the moment , europe would be unable to do, 
   because trump no , because of years of underspending by european countries . 
  do n't blame trump for pointing out something that was already there . 
  besides , your boy obama pointed it out many times as well, 
   we 're all immigrants wow, 
  google maps location in case anyone wants to look it up https://www.google.de/maps/place/thridrang+ ( % c3 % 9er % c3 % addrangaviti ) + famous+lighthouse/@63.4980923,-20.678759,12.16z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x48d7a97295867723:0x8e39d494077a5e9b!8m2!3d63.4954575!4d-20.6107561!, 
  nice generalisations there buddy, 
  spanish judge has no chill, 
   this is what british fascism looks like . 
  you have no idea what fascism really is , do you ? 
  you think someone is racist , so you automaticly link that to fascism ? 
  educate yourself please . 
  thanks in advance, 
  thanks , but its not an argument , it 's an opinion . 
  why is it our job to keep economic migrants in their own countries ? 
  the countries these people come from do n't even want them back when we try to send them back . 
  once the italian navy picks up migrants , they are not allowed to drop them off in africa , they have to take them back to italy, 
   its not libyan liability to stop migrants but european bullshit, 
  far from it , there was a article shared on this sub recently where the libian coast guard prevented an ngo from smuggling migrants to europe . 
  they are quite effective, 
   european commission considering legal action as only 40,000 set to be transferred by deadline here 's an idea . 
  how about we enforce our goddamn borders instead of making up new laws so we can punish eu members who do n't want to play along with this stupid self-destructive game ? 
  fund the libian coast guard so they have enough ships to halt this stream . 
  they can pick migrants up , and drop them right back off in libya , instead of fucking italy or greece !, 
  well why should take anybody 's word for anything then ? 
  if i have a good job and useful skills now and make good money , why the hell would i settle for benefits if i move to poland ? 
   very left leaning have you even read any of my comments ? 
  my point was that the us should remove those nukes seeing as turkey already shut the base down before and only a small number of us troops guard those nukes, 
  i 'm aware of that, 
  i said * if * it goes to shit in western europe, 
  yes , uk , germany and spain . 
  oh and ive done my fair share of traveling . 
  why do you ask ? 
  it does , according to most people here, 
  a migrant willing to adapt and work , not live off benefits and be a parasite sucking on the governments titty, 
   eu leaders have congratulated themselves how typical, 
  ukrainians can assimilate easier than migrants from the middle east . 
  that might be an important reason why the polish don \u00b4 t mind them as much, 
  i 'm moving to warsaw if all this shit gets out of hand in western europe . 
  at least the polish do n't worry about being pc, 
  just remove the nukes from that base already . 
  turkey has proven to be an unstable and unreliable ally already, 
   we used to have those in the netherlands what would you call the sp then ? 
  toned down communists ? 
  i wonder what the liberals will come up with this time . 
  `` they are traumatised by war !, 
  they do n't know any better !, 
  it 's their culture ! '', 
  at least they 're consistant, 
   prospect of membership has helped modernise countries , such as turkey . 
  yea turkey has really looked to the eu as an example . 
  and this prospect also helped pave the way for greece to cook the books, 
  * sigh * what a horrible attempt at a shitpost . 
  it 's not even anywhere near accurate, 
  ah , death sentence it is, 
  what did he post ? 
   her work had appeared in pro-kurdish media pro-kurdish media = terrorism turkey is turning into such a nice place, 
  the energy sector is split into three things : suppliers ( private ) . 
  network grid maintainers ( private ) and production of energy ( private and state ) the actual grid itself is owned by the state , i believe, 
  good thing i 'm going to south africa soon !, 
   far right wing propaganda bullshit the bbc is reporting this . 
  the bbc is left leaning . 
  it 's better to keep the energy sector privatised , in the netherlands its working out pretty well, 
  i ca n't say i 'm suprised, 
   europeans the leftist politicians . 
  not europeans as a whole . 
  fake news !, 
  global warming is ruining our planet !, 
  thats why our weather is so weird at the moment !, 
  politicized science . 
  just lovely, 
  all i see atm are tugships and oil tankers, 
   `` without any warning , they crossed our bow on the way to the migrant boat , '' neugebauer said . 
  `` they made an extremely dangerous maneuver . 
  they nearly hit our boat , they endangered our crew . '', 
  why the fuck were you even there with your ngo ?? 
  a fucking ngo ferrying people to europe , what the hell is going on ?!, 
  shut this organisation down, 
  good for eastern europe . 
  it 's nice to believe in something other than multi-culturalism, 
  well , the reason i put it that way , is because you give no alternative , you just say : `` lets get together and * plan * something '' what do we do in the meantime , leave the door open ? 
  what ? 
  how is macron even going to achieve anything without a party behind him, 
   europe should follow the lead of hungary , poland , and all other sensible nations which have closed their borders and said `` no ! '', 
  now , this is step 1 . 
  step 2 , is to help these people improve their own countries , so there is no need for them to migrate,
