  so tired of all these buzzwords being used by politicians , leave that shit for the people on tumblr to use . 
  leave it out of professional politics please . 
  ah the old : `` he killed muslims too so he 's not a proper jihadi '' fucked up logic . 
  i realise it doesnt have anything to do with these two drunk polish guys . 
  but you are talking about them as if they are commiting a terror attack on a mosque . 
  do n't bother , this guy is triggered as fuck, 
  i like most of them , especially the one about syria being one big puzzle . 
  but the one referencing to trump is a bit ridiculous, 
  christ man , its not like it happening everyday and no one got hurt . 
  unlike all those people in paris or nice this year . . 
  eastern europeans really do n't give a fuck , haha . 
  good humor though !, 
  and i suppose ` people like you ' will be the ones defining what is hate speech ? 
  that makes me feel so safe . 
  ive seen videos of muslims marching through luton in the uk protesting in favor of sharia law . 
  is that hate speech ? 
  or is that okay ? 
  because in my book its pretty similair to these neo-nazi idiots . 
  because they both have an insane ideology . 
  free speech counts for everyone . . 
  even if their opinions are hurtful or insane . 
  i feel like they do this every now and then just to test nato 's readiness , not too big a deal i would think . 
  edit : did not realise finland was not in nato yet , i thought they were . 
  regardless , they do this stuff to the uk , nl and denmark aswell . 
  yes i think its enough punishment , i just want illegal immigrants out of europe to be honest . 
  write down his name/pasport etc. 
  so if he tries again , he can go straight back . 
  whats the point of jailing him ? 
  by the time he gets out he will probably stay in spain and then nothing has changed . 
  besides , in jail he might come into contact with criminals and he would become one himself . 
  yea let them serve jail time in spain , where they will cost the spanish taxpayer even more money , fantastic idea . 
   such censorship , most often carried out in the name of racial harmony , is becoming a normal part of being an intellectual in france racial harmony ? 
  everything the left has tried to appease people of different races , has only angered and divided everyone even more . 
  well done . 
  a man can dream !, 
  good , back to algeria they go !, 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes, 
  been to paris lately ? 
  its even worse, 
  i might get backlash for this , but i 'm of the opinion that if we let these people know that there is nothing for them here and that they will be sent back 100 % of the time , there would be a lot less people trying to make the crossing . 
  basically like australia , although their immigrant centres are on shit-hole islands somewhere , which i dont condone , but just send them back and make it public that they will not be allowed to stay in europe . 
  bbc wrote it , not me, 
  maybe they are taking their time . 
  they wouldnt take a military man without reason . 
  ( if he really was kidnapped ), 
  the pendulum has swung to far the other way unfortunatly . 
  `` tolerate the intolerant '' could be the new european motto . 
  rightly so !, 
  another nations leader should not be able to decide who gets prosecuted in a different country . 
   when irish voters rejected the treaty of lisbon in 2008 , the eu forced them to vote again until they delivered the `` right '' outcome i dont like the guy , be here , he has a point, 
   rome imposed dozens of conditions , including one requiring a total of about 10,000 olive trees to be carefully removed to allow a trench to be dug for the pipeline . 
  later , they are to be returned and replanted . 
  its not like rome does not give a shit about it , leaving energy security in the hands of a local council seems pretty stupid to me, 
  except , they are not in power and never will be , thats the whole point i 'm trying to make, 
   but the white house has not publicly blamed russia for the hacking of the democratic national committee , the theft of the arizona and illinois voter registration rolls , or breaking into the cellphones of democratic operatives . 
  because i do n't remember seeing the proof that they did it , just loose allegations, 
  neither do i , but that makes us both racist in some people 's eyes . . 
  if you come to a country and your culture is not compatible with the culture of your host country , you are welcome in my book as long as you adjust yourself correctly . 
  if you do n't then you are not welcome in my opinion . 
  this is how i feel about it . 
  i do n't believe in kicking out every single muslim because it wont fix a damn thing . 
  but should have a good hard look at immigration and integration because the latter is a failed project . 
  which areas and what are they saying exactly ? 
  because i havent heard any calls for exterminating 6 million refugees , for example, 
  right , and how many votes do these neo-nazi 's get ? 
  thats right , fuck all , because no one is that far-right . 
  so stop worrying, 
  yea , please explain, 
  its not like hitler 2 is going to appear and take over again , calm down . 
  all this talk : `` omg the far-right is on the rise , please god save us all ! '', 
  its simply pushback for all the leftist policies over the last 40 years and its about time . 
  this is getting very boring , just leave it alone , we have `` rainbow pieten '' now , so are they not satisfied yet ? 
  `` landing '' lol, 
  wouldnt you rather be indepentent in our energy supply ? 
  please check my comment to wakiem, 
  sorry guys , im a little retarded it seems , i got confused with the fact that the company i work at gets 70 % of its electricity from coal, 
  honestly how thick are you . 
  ofcourse i know the difference , im talking about energy production as opposed to energy usage . 
  the electricity we use comes between 70 and 80 percent from coal . 
  gas comes from groningen , nothing is produced with it, 
  first of all , i do work in the energy sector . 
  second , yes we use mostly gas to warm our houses . 
  how much energy do we produce with gas ? 
  thats right , zero . 
  energy is produced by coal , nuclear , solar and wind in the netherlands, 
  no but you see these people believe in ` equality of outcome ' not equality of oppertunities . 
  if there arent 50 % women in board functions , maybe it has something to do with them making different choices , its not always sexism for gods sake, 
  yea , because fuck the immense costs that will bring on the government ? 
  i realise that we need to move towards renewable energy , but this quick is insane and will cost way too much money . 
  its not like `` global warming '' is going to strike and kill us all in 2 years, 
  it will have to be imported unfortunatly , i work in the energy sector and i can tell you , most of our energy ( ~ 70 % to 80 % ) comes from coal . 
  so we can put up as many windmills as we want , it wont make a difference . 
  also , the pvv and vvd working together ? 
  i do n't see that happening just yet ... edit : the 70-80 percent thing is bullshit , i confused the stats for the netherlands with the stats of the company i work at , apologies, 
  was there a couple in germany that were prosecuted and had their house raided just for joining a certain ( private ) group , that was , well , not very happy with immigrants ? 
  or is that not entirely true ? 
  i know , but i just cut down the article to one sentence . 
  there is really no need for the article in the first place imo . 
  the problem is , what is defined as `` hate '' ? 
  if i offend someone , am i punishable by this law ?
