  it makes them sleep better knowing that they helped those poor people in need of our help , who are all very nice people and so they can feel better about themselves and take the moral high ground . 
  see what i did there ? 
  it goes both ways . 
  we will flood their lands with memes . . 
  they will be defenceless !, 
   `` we try to evaluate the job seeker to understand what is needed to get them ready for the job market , '' she says , `` whether through providing training , work placement or other measures . '' this is honestly a integration project i can get behind . 
  make sure these people have a way of making a living , most of the rest will usually take care of its self . 
  tolerate the intolerant , again, 
   allowing petty criminals to come into contact with islamist recruiters . 
  i think this is a good plan , exactly for the reason i quoted, 
  people in need ? 
  most people that crossed into europe have been proven to not come from a warzone . 
  people in need of money , is perhaps what you mean . 
  you 're dodging my point , you said they were not mentioned , they were . 
  we were not talking about which cases i cared about and about which cases i dont care . 
  to answer you question , i care about all of them, 
   asylum seekers were suspected offenders in 129 cases you were saying ? 
  so basically , being offended by people on the internet . 
  i refuse to believe that one mp got 500 tweets sent to her literally saying : `` i am going to rape you '' it was probably something offensive and sexual , i 'm sure . 
  but to say that this is one of the biggest problems facings mp 's is fucking ridiculous, 
  i read the whole article , the sentence i quoted is one of the last in there . 
  i just pointed out something i found funny/stupid . 
  sure there may be more reporting , but it is interesting that everywhere refugees show up , crime rates ( sexual and non-sexual ) go up . 
  there is no denying it . 
   an individual may find himself in a situation where he feels no connection to a new country and its rules ah poor guys , no connectivity with the new country , so i 'll just go out and sexually harras and rape women . 
  makes sense . 
  now russia is doomed , you know , because of all that trade they have with montenegro , of all places, 
  nationalism is not always a bad thing you know . 
  nationalism does not automatically lead to another nazi lunatic taking over . 
  also , racism is on the rise ? 
  really , are blacks and muslims not allowed in certain places anymore and do they have to use different bathrooms ? 
  what the hell are you talking about . 
  this guy 's insanity and narcissism just know no limits do they . 
  how about working on some genuine free speech and human rights before talking about ridiculious ideas like these , mr. erdogan ? 
   over 80 % said they had experienced some form of psychological or sexual harassment or violence . 
  i 'd like to know what constitutes ` harrasment ' in this survey . 
   a european member of parliament reported receiving more than 500 threats of rape on twitter in the space of just four days . 
  block them , or report them to police , if they really were threaths . 
   another , from asia , received threats of violence to her son , detailing his school , his class , and his age . 
  is this exclusive to female mp 's ? 
  dont think so . 
   but answering the survey questions was , she said , enlightening . 
  `` you know as parliamentarians , we go out , we meet people , and i remember this one gentlemen getting up very close to me . '', 
  the ` gentlemen ' went on to make suggestive comments to sen ataullahjan , which at the time she brushed off . 
  oh my god , he may have been hitting on her , what a digusting dog . 
  before i get too much flak for this , i fully accept the idea of there being behavior that is completly unacceptable , like the comment some guy made about `` picking which women he wanted '' . 
  but all of it is very vague and there is nothing in the article which lines out what exactly constitutes harrasment . 
  tells you a lot about this sub , dont you think ? 
  nearly no one is prepared to accept the fact that islam and muslims immigrants cause problems and so responding to my comment is too hard i suppose, 
  very sharp !, 
  i fixed it ... 
  wow so they managed to get 55,126 people in just three screenings ? 
  impressive !, 
  you disgusting xenophobe !!, 
  how do you sleep at night ? 
  exactly , denying a problem exists , does not mean it goes away by itself . 
  the same is true for the netherlands , however , most of these non ( western ) - europeans are asian or eastern european . 
  of course there are plenty of middle-eastern people that have integrated very well , but tell me , when was the last time you heard about a chinese immigrant causing trouble in a random neighbourhood ? 
   populist movements have strained ties between member states why is it that when the status quo is challenged , it is called populist ? 
  yea , not really suprised about this one, 
  i agree that we should not see all the recent refugees as terrorists , because they obviously are not . 
  however , that does not negate the fact that many of them , hold a culture that is not very compatible with european cultures, 
   yet , despite the barrage of critical opinions from the western world , which poles have historically aspired to , pis remains the most popular party in poland , currently polling at 38 % , which is higher than the combined support of all other parliamentary parties put together well there you go , apparently they are doing something right if the populace is happy with the current government , unlike in many western european countries, 
  yea its a cool way of naming ships . 
  in the dutch navy they mostly name ships after former naval heroes , like karel doorman and michiel de ruyter . 
  i think this is pretty cool aswell , to remember these people that way . 
  how about hms dauntless , pretty cool name aswell !, 
  good , a referendum has been held , there was a result , stick with it . 
  that 's how a referendum works . 
  ah the perpetually offended people at it again . 
  the soldier is wearing camo on his face . . 
  he 's in the damn jungle for gods sake . 
  i bet he is to be seen quilty untill proven innocent , as usual with these kinds of cases . . 
   a vital lesson of the modern era is that internationalism has stabilized the world , while lapses into bellicose nationalism have wreaked havoc . 
  there you go , nationalism bad !, 
  multiculti good !, 
  some more american hating !, 
  you realise its only the warmongers and people in power that decide on foreign policy right ? 
  but with this line of thinking , it means millions of dutch people are apparently `` hateful '' people . 
  instead of just people with a certain opinion . 
  it could go the way of pim fortuyn, 
   wilders response to the ruling was that he was being `` prosecuted for what millions ( of dutch people ) think . '', 
  this , i will agree it was not very professional what he said , but hell , its basically : you were all thinking it , i just said it, 
  because this will certainly solve some problems ... european wide welfare !, 
  yay !, 
  most of that is completely empty though , if i 'm not mistaken, 
  its not like she has not done it before ... --  libya, 
  essentially ( and i 'm summarising here ) she blames russia for everything she can . 
  for example : the dnc hacks . 
  she said that if the us is ever hacked again and they suspect russia , they will treat it like any other attack . 
  this is pretty dangerous because if all they need is to suspect russia , then anyone could claim they did it and boom , wwiii . 
  edit : i realise that multiple sources say that the hack came from russia , but its also very possible that it was not state sponsored act . 
  maybe the cold war ? 
  slovakia was on the `` wrong '' side of the iron curtain, 
  this will be good for russia , puts some money in their pocket and they have a new export market ... 
  its like their tactic is to just deny , deny , deny and murder anyone that was involved ( or send them to siberia ), 
   we must work together -- today there is competition between european firms , but the competition should be between european firms and the rest of the world he has a point here , as long as there is competition , should be a good idea, 
  pretty sure it could be the other way around if hillary 's approach to russia is to be taken as an example, 
  then they should have voted to be independent ... 
   the speech sparked fierce criticism and the labour party said it would `` fan the flames of xenophobia and hatred in our communities '' .
