  more ppl need to see this, 
  thanks for the link !, 
  why the racism card though ? 
  im sorry but the racist card gets pulled out so quick . 
  i dont care if you are black , brown , white , yellow or purple , if you come to europe to exploit and not work , then i dont want you regardless of your race, 
  thanks for the heads up, 
  first of , would you care to share your opinion about the migrant/asylum situation seeing as you 're also from the netherlands we might be able to find some common ground . 
  as for me offending people , i could not give a flying crap less . 
  designated areas where all they basically do is fight eachtother , create prostitution rings and generally raise hell . 
  i has nothing to do with genes , it has to do with culture , tell me why , if you think most of them want to work and do their part in our society etc , when denmark announced they were not going to give free money to migrants arriving in their country , they went enmasse to sweden instead ? 
  please explain that . 
  btw i know my arguments arent exactly solid , its just the way i feel about the whole situation and my personal opnion , which is okay because i live in a free country . 
  something most migrants wont understand because theyve never experienced it and will get `` offended '' whenever i say what im thinking, 
  most of those people have an education and an inclination to work in the country they are leaving for , thats the big difference, 
  how about you take 5 refugee families into your home ? 
  see how you talk about this whole situation then . 
  fyi im not in a basement , im at work , somewhere most refugees will never be in europe, 
  exactly the same thing is happening in oranje , the netherlands , look it up . 
  a town of about 250 people is supposed to house 1500 refugees , 750 are already there , this is crazy !, 
  yea i saw it !, 
  ive never seen a president do that before , so he must be the best one ever !, 
  i 'm sure they will miss him too, 
   people are misogynist ? 
  boom , there we go , so thats why you think hillary lost ? 
  vote for vagina otherwise you hate all women !!!!!, 
  he was such a great president !, 
  he did n't heal the racial divisions in the usa . 
  the stimulus did n't stimulate . 
  financial reform did n't reform 4 . 
  obamacare is one big failure , getting more and more expensive 5 . 
  he withdrew prematurely from iraq 6 . 
  he ignored the threat of a resurgent russian dictatorship 7 . 
  he did n't shut down guantanamo , keep the nsa from spying , or rein in the drones 8 . 
  he has made america irrelevant i picked these from [ this article ] ( http://thefederalist.com/2014/09/16/10-ways-obama-has-failed-as-president/ ) read it yourself and be the judge, 
  but he was such a cool and nice guy !, 
  my feelings matter more !, 
  this is sure to rustle some jimmies, 
  really , michelle for 2020 ? 
  so all the critisism about trump having about zero experience goes out the window if michelle decides to run ? 
  i think in the netherlands people do n't have too many opinions about it . 
  there is a reasonable opposition to it , but most everyday people see it as something neccesary for safety , market stability etc etc. 
  that was one big ass ied, 
  it might be the case that there are a lot of people living in the us that just do n't care about politics and believe that nothing will change , who ever gets to be their next president . 
  i honestly do not know what the reason for the low turn-out is , but i dont think we have to de-legitimize it, 
  because they do n't comment on sub ops , does not mean it did not happen, 
  of course that could play a role , but our navy has never had a reputation for sucking at what they do , not that i know of anyway, 
  what is trumpism ? 
  let me have a long hard think on that ... no !, 
  mate one of hillary 's mentors was a high ranking kkk member , do your homework, 
   people get their news from dubious sources in america , especially through social media you are one of these people if you think trump will bring on the destruction of the us and europe . 
  read something else than cnn once in a while , mate, 
   trumps policy could kick-start efforts to bolster european defence capabilities please please please , let this be the wake up call we need , i want our tanks back !, 
  not only repelled it , it was chased off , because it was discovered ... unbelieveable . 
  to anyone that is convinced western military tech is years ahead of russian tech , here you go , it is not . 
  ( granted these subs are not brand new , but neither were the russian destroyers ), 
  i get the feeling farage will just continue his campaign of eu destruction , instead of doing what would be best for america , in this case, 
  praise the based mods of r/europe !, 
  i apologize , i lost my temper because this is honestly one of the most retarded posts ive ever seen in r/europe, 
  mate , i knew people that went down on that fucking plane those russian fucks shot down , so i know its not all rainbows and candy . 
  i also realise that russia is responsible for a lot of hurt and suffering around the world . 
  but newsflash : so is the us and europe . 
  i realise that there is no way we can just ` forgive ' russia for all the shit they are pulling around the world , but to just improve relations a bit so we are not building up ground forces on the border every other week , would be nice , in my opinion . 
  the thing that gets on my nerves , is this idea people have that just because trump has said something , he will really do it . 
  he wont build an entire wall along mexico and he wo n't disolve or leave nato . 
  for the 6th time today i 'd like to explain in this sub that he merely wants eu countries to start carrying their weight in nato , or put them under some pressure , which is fine with me . 
  in summary , i realise i will never know what it is like to live next to a country that is very unpredictable and that such a thing can be scary , but i dont think we are on the verge of losing nato , so a slightly better relationship with russia , is not a bad thing , that is all . 
  read my edit please, 
  no not good in this sub , apparently all we can do here is bash russia and praise the eu all day long, 
  never said russia is fantastic , what i am saying is , they have nukes !, 
  so lets not pick a fight ? 
  okay ? 
  dude . . 
  i am not putin 's biggest fan , but what the fuck do we have to gain from picking a fight with them ? 
  really , that giant douchebag got nearly 60 % of all the us votes, 
  yes i think you can link that for sure . 
  the thing with both these parties is , they are the only ones speaking out about certain things that `` mainstream '' parties wont speak about ( islam , eu-issues etc etc ) and so people feel like they need to change their support to something more . . radical , i suppose . 
  my point was , these people do not just `` go away '' by ignoring them , they will just get more and more angry, 
  i think there is a very real chance of a president le pen . 
  do n't think wilders has a chance at prime minister , however he could get a large chuck of the parlement . 
  i also think the afd in germany wil be a force to be reckoned with, 
  dont ignore entire portions of your population , for a start, 
   the definition of populism is simply `` support for the concerns of ordinary people '' : it is telling of our political debate that it has come to be used as an automatic insult or viewed as inherently bad . 
  this is the main thing , its almost as if being called a populist , is now an insult . 
  its insane how far our current governments have fallen, 
  ofcourse ... when the polls do n't look like you are going to win , russia did it edit : regardless of wether or not she is going to win , she obviously does not like the fact that the afd is gaining ground . 
  to blame that on russia is ridiculous , as if german people can not figure out themselves how they feel , they need putin to tell them how to feel ... 
  right, 
  do you think winning the election somehow makes him a dictator and he wo n't listen to any of his staff ? 
  generals and admirals will tell him and realise that europe and nato is something that is keeping the us safe aswell , he will realise this in return and will not do nothing . 
  boots on the ground against isis ? 
  fuck that noise , let the middle east sort it out , with air strikes from the us and eu they are doing pretty well . 
  summarized , try not to get your panties in a twist, 
  he never said he would let russia walk all over the balkans , he said other nato members need to start carrying their weight , which i agree with , because the netherlands is doing fuck all at the moment and spending about 2 euro 's a year on the military, 
   so scared for the future crawl back into your safe space then . 
  what the hell do you think this trump presidency is going to do ? 
  start dropping bombs everywhere ? 
  where do you get the idea that this is sooo bad ? 
  exactly , instead of calling everyone with a different opinion racist , xenophobe or whatever they come up with next . 
  people could call me racist all day and i would still sleep like a baby at night . 
  the word holds no meaning anymore,
