  you make very good points . 
  i realise that this situation is not so easily solved . 
  especially the isreal/palestine problem . 
  like i commented below however , if these third generation people keep this idea in their head that they are turkish/morrocan/algerian first , and only then french , the problem will persist and only get worse . 
  i love how being anti-refugee is almost an insult around here . 
  yes , i did not want them here in the first place , that does not mean i realise that there are plenty of decendents of the ` original ' migrants/gastarbeiters that were born in europe and you ca n't simply `` kick them out '' i am not advocating for that . 
  what i am advocating for , is that they assimilate to the culture of the country they are currently in . 
  which i also realise is easier said than done . 
  if i move to japan tomorow , i wo n't be japanese within a week , year or maybe ever . 
  which is why i think , the whole multi-cultural idea is flawed, 
   and we do n't have an israel . 
  i see you listen to stefan too !, 
  why do you europhiles always get so angry and defensive , you can call me out on it fine . 
  does it make me stupid right away ? 
  i 'm sure there are things you know less about than me , and the other way around . 
  maybe this is good part of the eu then , have n't made up my mind yet . 
  i 'm still of the opinion that i would rather have my own goverment make all decisions that effect me and my country . 
  sweden takes the cake with the number 1 spot for sure, 
   `` if you look at the situation of people , you understand the path they have taken to become a terrorist or whatever you call it , '' julien villain , an 18-year-old resident of the saint-denis banlieue , who has a french mother and moroccan father , told cbs news correspondent vladmir duthiers . 
  `` exclusion makes the terrorist , in my opinion . '' and there it is ladies and gentlemen , it 's not the terrorists fault , its the europeans fault for not being nice enough and helping him assimilate . 
  even though we have been trying for only 40 years !, 
  yea downvote this guy because he has the wrong opinion !, 
   i am bit depressed now , sorry . 
  might have something to do with the fact that they share some pretty depressing news over there . 
  do n't get me wrong , they share stuff that happenend like 3 years ago too . 
  which is retarded and just a reason for them to get more angry . 
  but still , things posted there , will never be allowed to be posted on r/europe, 
   a rare 2016 survey of french teens found 25.5 percent identifying as muslim . 
  and there are also non-muslims from sub-saharan africa , as well as better-behaved nonwhite groups like the vietnamese . 
  i find that percentage extremely and worryingly high, 
  obviously , but do they want to be part of ukraine , russia or have their own state , that is what i meant . 
  i honestly wonder what the actual people of donbass and the surrounding area want . 
  i do n't mean the russian funded millitias , but the citizens of the area . 
  would that not be the only way to figure out a way out of this conflict ? 
  `` we 're going to create our own news agency , with the real facts , the best facts . 
  it 's going to be tremendous , believe me . '', 
  `` we have the best facts '', 
  even if he was . 
  who the hell cares, 
   `` we see terrorist suicide bombers as depraved , which they undoubtedly are , but we do n't see our own depravity in building and operating nuclear suicide bombs that have the potential to murder millions and end human civilisation in the space of an afternoon . '', 
  big difference here buddy , the uk has nuclear weapons , as a deterrent and ofcourse if the worst does happen , to retaliate . 
  they do n't sail their submarine into a shopping mall and blow themselves up to make a political or religious statement . 
   but , given the data available for non-terrorism related crime and given the time period for which said data were available , there is little evidence for large increases in crime in the immediate aftermath of refugee inflows i have to say , this suprised me somewhat . 
   our estimates suggest that migrants have not displaced native workers but have themselves struggled to find gainful employment this however , did not suprise me, 
  yea , that 's the bbc 's way of putting it . 
  not the people in that village . 
  they are talking about a belief system and culture . 
  thank god the eu can agree on something like this . 
  maybe they have finally seen the error of their ways, 
  where do they mention anything about colour ? 
  this guy literally brought a knife to a gun fight . 
  what a genius, 
  no , but if we critise these people , and call them `` white nationalists '' we should equally critise others who dabble with this behavoir . 
  except we defend some of these people with : `` well , it 's their culture , they do n't know better '' and `` we should not be intolerant '', 
  you see comrade , when you poison critics , there will be no more critisism, 
  well , in essence , that is what i meant . 
  but i know it 's not just up to the catalonians, 
  username checks out, 
  its funny how anyone who has said bad things about putin ussually slips into an accelerated state of dying within about a year . 
  maybe putin is radioactive ? 
  that 's a good point , the futher north the more internet users, 
  i think that 's upto the people in catalonia , not the eu, 
  i think lukashenko has realised that a good economy is neccesary for him to stay in power . 
  if he fucks that up he could be in real trouble i doubt russia would invade just to put him in his place, 
   practicing defense is not a provocation !, 
  except when russia does it , right ? 
   and you have already fallen for their illegitimate claims that they have any rights to tell these territories how to act . 
  no , i agree , they have no right whatsoever to tell these countries what they should or should not do . 
  all i am saying is what it probably feels like for russia . 
  mounting forces at their borders probably does not feel like : `` oh they are just here to say hello ''  who the heck cares ? 
  it has caused the whole situation itself . 
  i know you probably do n't give a shit and i understand why if i am to judge by your flair . 
  i 'm just trying to put myself in their shoes to try and understand it better , many people mistake that as a sort of adoration for putin and russia , which it is not . 
  you mean like the way they discriminate against women in certain countries of certain beliefs ? 
  yea i hate that too . 
   ah , now it 's us , who are doing the provoking , not the guy , who , you know , actually invades places . 
  russia invading crimea ( and ukraine ) is indefensible . 
  but nato expanding their borders all the way to russia 's doorstep is seen by them as aggression as well . 
  not only that , but then nato has yearly excersises that basically are a test for an invasion into russia . 
  is russia supposed to feel more safe when stuff like that happens ? 
  note : i am not saying that makes it okay for putin to go and annex a bunch of countries . 
   it appears his attacker was aiming for his testicles wow , no mercy among pasty bakers apparently edit : pasty , not pastry apparently , thanks u/jahboots !, 
  well if you have a waterproof plan of how to deal with the new stalin , by all means , share it, 
   german intelligence agencies have not found any clear evidence for a russian disinformation campaign against the federal government so why do i keep reading about this campaign by russian hackers to influence politics in europe ? 
   `` we can see large muslim communities in western europe that have n't been able to integrate - and we do n't want to have the same experience here , '' i really ca n't blame them, 
  i am aware of how well appeasement turned out during the run up to wwii . 
  the big difference is that russia posesses nuclear weapons . 
  which is why i wrote this :  keep our troops stationed near the border besides i honestly do n't think he is stupid enough to invade the baltics . 
  even if he tries to do it with the same tactics as in crimea , there are now nato troops permanently stationed in the baltics , so i do n't think those same tactics will work . 
  look guys !, 
  he must be a russian agent too !, 
  in all seriousness . 
  yes putin is a borderline dictator . 
  but let me ask you this , would it help for us to pressure and provoke this guy ? 
  or should we just keep our troops stationed near the border , but at least * try * to create better relationships ? 
  because i prefer the latter, 
  op , please post a copy of the text, 
  that 's because he probably has no idea what he 's doing . 
  this is the kind of flip-flopping that people like to ridicule trump for, 
  because those pictures are nice to look at ?
