could not have said it better myself !, 
  wait and see !, 
  i understand why you think i am misusing the refferendum , but as stated above , the government will ignore the outcome anyway , im just interested in seeing what happens when the outcome is a `` no '' and the reaction of the population when our government doesnt give a crap and goes ahead with it anyway, 
  top !, 
  right , what i meant was , the people that are sent from each eu country to brussels and make the desicion there . 
  not the actual people that run brussels eu hq . 
  however they do guide the narrative . 
  i 'm voting ` no ' today . 
  not because i hate ukrainians or because i love putin , but because im getting tired of the people in brussels making decisions for us , without asking how we feel about it . 
  i understand that that is baiscally how democracy works , you pick a representative to decide things for you , they dont need to ask me about every little thing , but some involvement would be nice . 
  so my no vote is more about giving the eu the finger and also im very curious as to what the dutch government will do if the majority vote no . . 
  righttt . . ofcourse it was the eu , it wasnt the fact that the government was corrupt and the people of ukraine had enough of it , it was the eu 's fault ... 
  its not really that much about ukraine for most people , its to send a message to the eu that we dont like them taking decisions in brussels on behalf on the entire population of each european country without even asking once how we feel about it . 
  if the majority vote ` no ' and rutten still pushes it down our throat , then he is in some serious trouble, 
  where am i wrong ? 
  the part about russia ? 
  maybe 2 weeks then . . 
  while i agree , i hope this doenst mean you think we should just take it easy and not take any decisive action, 
  exactly this , why do so many europeans nowadays think its fine if we just rely on the us for military support ? 
  a country isnt a country if it can even protect itself . 
  if russia were to start a conventional war ( that means no nukes ) they would be in amsterdam and paris within a bloody week, 
  fantastic idea , lets free ride on as much as we can !, 
  other countries and our allies will surely love that . 
  a country needs to be able to take care of itself , not rely on a country across the atlantic for its protection . 
  fear of islam is not irrational anymore , watch the bloody news, 
  thank god for some common fucking sense !, 
  congrats to our bulgarian buddies !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i make my own money , i dont take welfare of any kind, 
  i should have said not reported on my big media . 
  local news papers do print these stories, 
  you know you kinda gave yourself away with this one . 
  it seems your interpretation of ` worse ' is more refugees , which was not mine , i was referring to the overall situation with how things are at the macedonian border for example . 
  edit : i was referring to ` fluchtpunkt 's comment, 
  its happening everyday in refugee centers around europe . 
  its just not reported on as much . 
  and maybe not to european women , but there are reports of actual prostitution rings being set up inside them . 
  oh and homosexuals and christians arent safe either . 
  great culture, 
  this, 
  oh come on man , clearly i didnt mean it in 800.000 x 100 math terms, 
  i can tell just by your flair where you stand , so ok, 
  biased in that they dont even argue that the pro-russian soldiers are ukrainians , but flat out state that they are regular russian soldiers , for example, 
  i know she is not a socialist , but some of the decisions she has made come off to me as socialist , maybe i have a different view of socialism than you do , but thats just how it all seems to me . 
  socialism strives to make everyone equal and i dont agree with that . 
  so letting everyone in and putting them on welfare paid for by the taxpayers , of which i am one , is not something that i like . 
  on the 6th of arpil the dutch will vote for or against a treaty of association between the eu and ukraine, 
  thanks for contributing to the conversation , mate, 
  i never said that we cant handle the numbers , their culture is not compatible with ours , need i remind you of cologne new years eve ? 
  at least in lebanon they mostly think the same way . 
  ( even though i know there are a lot of christians there ) and btw , there is another post in the europe thread that shows the ` refugees ' are buying tickets to fly back to where they came from because germany is not what they expected . 
  so they are pretty damn gullible . 
  where am i proposing autocracy ? 
  it sure is , i expect more countries to close their borders once its warm enough for refugees to go via albania for example . 
  im not saying merkel caused it , she only made it 100 times worse . 
  once she said `` wir schaffen das '' the refugee stream got a lot bigger . 
  mainly because smugglers were able to spin lies to their customers saying : `` see , europe wants you to come ! '', 
  and back it up by using merkels quote . 
  another great reason for my fellow dutchies to vote no on april 6th !, 
  this crisis will cause more division in the eu than people think right now . 
  mainly thanks to saint mother `` the do gooder '' merkel . 
  hmm maybe because its not our job to help the rest of the world . 
  thats my opinion , and your free to disagree , no problem . 
  yes thats true about merkels party , remember how they reacted and ` asked ' ( read : pressured ) her to change course ? 
  btw im not saying only the socialist brought this on europe , but they had a big part to play . 
  socialist believe we should help everyone just because we live in ` rich ' countries . 
  i dont agree , how about people get their own shit together in the country they hail from . 
  europe was a mess for centuries and eventually we got our shit together , why cant they ? 
  yea lets keep em around , they support isis by buying oil and giving their fighters free medical care , such great guys , those turks, 
  surely this is evidence that the people we are importing come from 600 ad, 
  hows that working out for them now ? 
  feel like you have ` atoned ' for the sins that the people in germany nowadays didnt even commit ? 
  please let go of the idea that present day germans need to atone for shit that was done by a bunch of crazies 70 + years ago, 
  yes , we could have this , we could have that . 
  however our socialist politicians didnt ask their voters what we wanted , they just decided what to do in their fantastic eu meetings with closed doors . 
  if it were up to me i would have let in only those who are actual refugees instead of the hundreds of thousends people that are simply looking for a better life and saw the trail of refugees as a perfect way to tag along to europe and at arrival throw away their papers to make sure its impossible to figure out where they are actually from, 
  key word here is : ` the us ' . 
  i agree that there is more going on within syria 's civil war than just 2 sides fighting eachother and that there are international interests at work , but the people of europe did not bring this situation on themselves , that was my main point . 
  im sorry , but the term ` self induced ' is retarded . 
  merkel might have openend up the gates , but most of europe was not waving happy welcome signs around when people started streaming in . 
  also we did not start the civil war in syria , their population did that on their own, 
  yes , its a start , but its pretty damn late isnt it ... good luck deporting 1.2 million of them, 
  some leaders of eu countries simply should have thought before saying that everyone is welcome and that everything would be fine in our socialist multi-culti utopia . 
  now after a year of shit hitting the fan most people have finally woken up and wont stand for it anymore . 
  im glad the outer schengen countries are putting up walls , at least its something ... 
  the netherlands here , a big fuck you to greece 's corrupt politicians that thought it was a good idea to hide financial facts about their economy to join the eu and then drag it into a fucked up financial crisis situation !, 
  also i like our big bro germany , although merkel is an idiot !, 
  in the netherlands you are not allowed to be proud anymore , why ? 
  because victim role playing slave decendants . 
  please let the netherlands join !, 
  we miss our good old days too !, 
  http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/24889564/__relschoppers_uit_geldermalsen__.html most of the people rioting in geldermalsen came from the town itself , instead of amsterdam , rotterdam etc, 
  alright willdo, 
  my opnion of this is quite simple , i agree completely that rioting is not the answer . 
  but honestly , how can you think that the idea of having 1500 ` refugees ' introduced into a town of no more than 1000 people is a good idea ? 
  i would come to europe too if i was a refugee , dont get me wrong . 
  but i dont see why we cant voice our opnions as europeans . 
  if we do , we are racist or bigots etc etc. 
  since when is it wrong to defend your society the way it is now , maybe i like it now and i dont want an extra 100000 or 200000 under developed muslims comming into my country . 
  this needs more upvotes !,
