  of course its violent , but i doubt they just starting hitting the guy for no reason . 
  can someone explain * why * the whole greek question is flaring up again lately ? 
  i thought we went through this whole fase of : `` we 'll never get our money back bla bla bla '', 
  fucking lol , there goes that idea, 
  i thought it was a weird story to begin with . 
  why would a group of police officers even do this . 
  surely they would know that if they did it in broad daylight they would get caught . 
  it makes no sense, 
  damn, 
  wow you really hate americans huh . 
  i for one am glad they decided to take a boat to europe in wwii . 
  otherwise we might actually have nothing but nazi subreddits, 
  well , this will be useless, 
  it obviously depends on the persons meme'ablilty trump was the goldmine of memes, 
  i do n't think he is talking about the colour of their skin , buddy . 
  he is talking about the ideology they bring along with them , which can be very detremental to the culture and advancements in society which have been achieved in western europe . 
  meme magic is real , my friend . 
  in the usa someone litterally got meme 'd into the white house ... 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i do believe however that some of this russian information war thing is getting blown a little out of proportion . 
  every other day , some article * with * evidence pops up , then a day after that an article pops up saying there is * no * evidence whatsoever . 
  not very consistent, 
  imagine how different the netherlands would have been with him still around, 
   people need to wake up and realize this fact . 
  i do realise this . 
  i am having a hard time thinking of a way to fix it , however . 
  because most people ( like you say yourself ) wo n't hesitate to call you a racist , xenophone , islamaphobe etc etc. 
  as long as that is the main idea associated with this line of thinking , change and people `` waking up '' to these facts , will be impossible . 
  there needs to be a major shift in politics , people need to be honest with eachother and not shy away from the facts , just because they might be uncomfortable . 
  look mate , i understand what you are trying to get at . 
  but there is no fucking way that muslims will ever become a majority in the netherlands . 
  if i really try to use my imagination i could see france 's muslim population get to a good 25 % of the population . 
  that to me is very worrying , but it wont get to such a point in the netherlands . 
  nevertheless i am in favor of a lot less immigration for the coming few years . 
  i 100 % agree . 
  lets pause immigration for at least a good 5 to 10 years . 
  lets at least try to get the people that are here now to integrate properly , instead of compounding and making the problem bigger than it already is . 
  i love this . 
  fuck the uk for wanting to leave the eu !, 
  we need more integration damn it !!!!, 
  look , greece , we had a good run , but it 's time to go . 
  no no , it 's not you , it 's me ... ( edit : i realise now its just sch\u00e4uble saying this ), 
  yes , i do care about the culture of my own country . 
  what would you prefer to do ? 
  burn down all the mosques ? 
  muslims are here , that 's just the way it is . 
  we ca n't simply ship them out . 
  i am not a fan of their religion in the slightest . 
  but if they do their thing , like the christians do , i suppose i do n't have problem with it . 
  when they start to try and change the country they are in , because they feel offended or something other ridiculous , that 's when i say : you are welcome to go to a country where you would feel more at home . 
  i wont miss you . 
  if this was the other way around : `` russia launches new propaganda tv-channel to make europeans vote for right-wing leaders ! '', 
  does freedom of religion ring a bell ? 
  i do n't care if you are a jew , christian or muslim , as long as you do n't bother other people with it or force other people to join in . 
  so if you wan na go to a mosque every day , go ahead . 
  as long as the preacher is not telling you to kill infidels and hate people of other religions . 
  well , geert wilders had to go on trail for the things he said because they were classed as hate speech , so could this stuff not be put in the same category ? 
  i realise the trail was mostly symbolic btw, 
   under european labor laws , permanent workers are usually more difficult to lay off and require more costly benefit packages , making temporary contracts appealing for all manner of industries , from low-wage warehouse workers to professional white-collar jobs . 
  to be quite honest , even with out the eu , a country like mine , would still have pretty strict lay-off laws, 
  depends on which way the wind is blowing, 
  what things could explode around a nuclear plant that is not related to the fact that its a nuclear power plant ? 
  like a generator or something ? 
  strange that the bbc is not even reporting this yet . . edit : they are now , but it took a while, 
  i thought it was already quite clear that this stuff was happening around europe , almost a year ago . 
  still , worrying that this has not been dealt with yet . 
  mosques are fine , but if they invite imams who actually preach hatred , there should be consequences, 
  right , such a great idea to have two nuclear powers start a war . 
  `` i do n't have anything against that '' yea , cause you 'll be dead . 
  i 'm just talking about the things that i see and things i hear from my friends in the uk . 
  what does that have to do with alt-right or republican talking points ? 
  i do n't understand what you were trying to prove , yes , it was covered by the media , i was just wondering wether or not you saw it, 
  i believe fox covered it . 
  cnn and the like of course did as little as possible because it goes against their narrative . 
  oh and cnn etc called them `` protesters '' right ... 
  did you see the riots at berkely ? 
  well i would not be too sure about that , the whole feminism thing and identity politics is sweeping across the uk quite a bit as well . 
  maybe just not mainland europe yet, 
  yeah ... there is one big difference here . 
  i wo n't be bombing , shooting or stabbing anyone soon . 
  also i wo n't get radicalised . 
  i enjoy being here instead of those other places because those places are actually just muslim hating circle-jerks here i am usually able to have a discussion , which is exactly what i want !, 
   do you realise that this is exactly the point that the french-moroccan man you criticised was making ? 
  yes , exclusion is what drives radicalisation . 
  to adress your actual point , i can only talk about my own country , but here , most people have been welcoming and nice to new comers and we have tried just about anything to get them to assimilate , yet they still do n't . 
  ah okay , but you do realise that the polls in america , especially during the actual voting day , were pretty damn biased . 
  i mean cnn put clinton at ~ 95 % winning chance , during the day that just kept dropping . 
  bottom line , do n't put too much in faith in any polls, 
  i really doubt she will have an actual chance , its the same with wilders , he is quite high in the polls right now , but as we have seen before , the actual voting results come out way way lower for his party . 
  what is pulling a trump ? 
  you do realise that by only downvoting and hating on people with the same opinion as me , your really are pushing us towards places like r/altright and r/the _ donald right ? 
  even if we do n't really want to be there . 
  i still enjoy being on r/europe but lately its becoming more and more its own echo-chamber, 
   most left leaning organisations i was not trying to throw you in with those people , i was trying to explain why you see so much anti-leftist stuff these days . 
  you are right , its not the only human right , but in my opinion it is one of the most important ones . 
  most left leaning organisations , are not liberal anymore , that is the whole problem you see unfolding in america . 
  a liberal , will fight for you right to have freedom of speech . 
  leftists now beat people up because they want to go to an event where a right-wing conservative is going to speak, 
  what about the independent , which seems to be the main source for articles on this sub ? 
  because it basically just confirms the bias most people around here already have .
