  inb4 , no , i am not a nazi, 
  angela merkel the `` leader of the free world '' the same person who asked mr. zuckerberg to do something about anti-immigration posts on facebook . 
  would you prefer they be put in 5 star hotels bbc ? 
  this is better than outside in the cold . 
  what . 
  integration , immigration , welfare state spiralling out of control leading to higher taxes . 
  crime rates among specific cultures and people of certain backgrounds all valid worries, 
   maybot * sigh * why do people even pay attention to the guardian anymore ? 
  when they broke the snowden story , that was about the last time they were even relevent, 
  as far as it needs to . 
  untill the liberal left stops their pc bullshit and recognises some serious problems that these `` far-right '' voters are worried about, 
  i wish more people would see this , i really do . 
  but this fucks up their world view of everyone being a blankslate and being able to reprogram anyone that steps into a first world country . 
  not everyone is the same , we have the same rights , yes ( which is a good thing ) . 
  but not everyone is the same in terms of culture , intellegence and violent tendencies . 
   yes , his election plan was 1 page long , and full of insane ideas . 
   and somehow pvv 's ` plans ' for integration would be better ? 
  their plans literally consisted of a single sheet of a4 paper containing only populist phrases like `` more money to us !, 
  that 's not an alternative integration strategy , that 's empty rhetoric . 
  i literraly just admitted that his plan was shit . 
  that does not mean i do n't get to critize the attempts of the other parties to fix the problem . 
  islam is a bigger problem in europe than the vvd or the cda would like to admit . 
  i also find their attempts to fix the integration problems , very lacking, 
  jesus christ people voting on right-wing parties are not all racists and bigots , fyi . 
  i love how people always have legit reasons to vote left , but when people vote right nobody understands why . 
  people on the right have legit worries too , why is that so hard to understand ? 
  if we look at the people who voted for wilders , rutte himself said that most of these people are simply uncertain about the future of their country , and their own future . 
  you ca n't just dismiss these people by calling them racists and idiots , in case you did n't know, 
  well , it has for now . 
  wait untill our buddy erdogan opens up the floodgates, 
  if the left wants their voters back . 
  all they have to do , is listen to their worries . 
  instead of telling them , they are privileged white racists who have everything they could ever want and are constantly oppressing other people . 
   focusing just on the single market can we please just do this ? 
  and when big choices have to be made , we make them together . 
  but forcing countries to do certain things under threat of fines , that is a perfect example of how the eu is overreaching and growing too big, 
  are you actually answering my question ? 
  it was rhetorical, 
  exactly , i would have preffered it , if he removed all those insane plans , for a more moderate plan . 
  i am in agreement with him that islam and integration are very big problems , that we need to start taking seriously , and i really hope that the vvd sees this as well . 
  futhermore , it would be very sad if the future coalition , decides to just ignore the worries of the people that voted pvv . 
  i guess we will have to see what the next 4 years will be like . 
  fun fact , just banning guns all over the place has no effect on actual gun crime . 
  if we look at the us , people get shot inside * gun free zones * how is that possible ???? 
  wilders did not get my vote yesterday , because he just could not explain how he was going to achieve all his plans . 
  i would have loved to hear an explanation . 
  fvd is a lot better at this . 
  but unfortunatly , i thought their party might stay too small to actually matter . 
  and i think many dutch people , like me , stepped away from the pvv and moved to the vvd which is a shame , but wilders has himself to thank for it . 
   and i 'd say it 's a good thing for a pm to express that sentiment . 
  even if it 's not true at all ? 
  they come straight out of his ass , that 's where, 
  i really wonder wether this is to keep wilders out of power , or to get him into power . . 
  i guess we will have to see !, 
  i am staying up late tonight , that 's for sure, 
  enjoy my safe space ? 
  i am perfectly willing to debate and read other opinions . 
  i am in r/europe for gods sake . 
  most people here lean quite left, 
  hello , new phone background picture, 
  and then taxes go up !, 
  to pay for benefits , healthcare , food etc etc such a great system , welfare state + mass immigration . 
  nothing could go wrong !, 
  stuff that is happening now in our country , pim fortuyn predicted , just like wilders did . 
  but lets not listen to them and instead call them far right racists . 
  because that always works ... 
  the context of my comment was , you do n't get to tell people what `` the right choice '' is . 
  by saying this :  to turn the tide  please do n't let us down ... you are implying there is some wrong choice to make here , and a right one . 
  you are not the moral arbiter . 
  whoever wins this election , is what the majority of people apparently want . 
  no , they can stay there and try to improve their own country , ever think about that ? 
  or do you just sleep better knowing they are all taken care off inside europe with our tax money ? 
  op is telling us to make `` the right choice '' there is no right choice . 
  there is only choice , everyone has one and is entiltled to have one . 
  just because op has an opinion , does not mean the uk and the us made `` the wrong choice '' they made their choice , so deal with that , is what i am saying, 
   common sense . 
  please do n't let us down ... people have different opinions . 
  people have legitimate grievances . 
  like i said in another thread , people who vote for wilders are not all racists and nazi 's * your * opnion is not always the right one , nor is it common sense for that matter . 
  the us chose trump , the uk chose brexit . 
  deal with it let 's just see what happens, 
  then do n't get on the boats problem solved, 
  ah you see , here is some actual * proof * of another country trying to influence elections somewhere else . 
  are we paying attention ? 
  erdogan wants to hold a refferendum to change the constitution of turkey , which will give him even more power as president . 
  he wanted turks in other countries ( the netherlands for example ) to join in this vote , because the polls ahead of the refferendum , are not in his favour . 
  the netherlands was not very happy with this idea , and in the proces of talking about several solutions , a turkish minister threatened the the netherlands . 
  mark rutte responded by ending negotiations , because we do not negotiate under threats . 
  which made erdogan unhappy , and now he is calling us nazi 's while the only one looking more and more like an actual fasist , is erdogan . 
  `` brexit will fuck uk up bla bla bla ! '', 
  i know this statistic is not the ` be all and end all ' but it really is not going all that bad with the uk after brexit was announced . 
  lets just wait it out and see what really happens , no more fearmongering please, 
   but i know these people , i was with them already for 16 years -- 16 years i 've been fighting , just for little rights . '', 
  16 fucking years living on government handouts . . no way our immigration systems needs some reforms , right ? 
  either he should be able to work , or send him somewhere else, 
  i 'm very interested in the results in rotterdam !, 
  well believe it or not , dutch people have legitimate grievances too . 
  mark rutte said it himself , most pvv voters are not just angry racists . 
  they are uncertain about their future and the future of their country, 
  lets just wait for the actual election , we all saw how accurate the polls were in britain and the us,
