  yes , ofcourse there are succes stories of migrants who get an education and a good job etc etc. 
  but the vast majority end up in poverty and are over-represented in crime statistics , that is not something i want for europe . 
  sometimes , it is okay to choose for your countries well being over another country . 
   why should lebanon be forced to take an unlimited amount of refugees if we europeans wouldnt take any ? 
  i already answered that question : the surrounding countries are of the same culture , therefore they will have less trouble fitting in and integrating plus : they are closer to home , meaning when things calm down , the trip home is easier to make . 
   i met quite a few who are very grateful for being allowed to come here and are quite content with their situation here . 
  well i am glad to hear that , but that is anecdotal evidence , so we ca n't base our entire argument on that , unfortunatly, 
  why would you say that ? 
  sweden is beyond fucked at this point , how can you even use an article like that for an argument . 
  and the independent of all papers you could choose . 
  west indies , the caribbean basically the netherlands still has a couple islands over there , venezuela wants those islands, 
   what makes us `` better '' than them ? 
  this is not even part of the equation , it is better for the refugees . 
  they are closer to home , meaning when things calm down , the trip home is easier to make . 
  the surrounding countries are of the same culture , therefore they will have less trouble fitting in and integrating 3 . 
  it will save europe and the migrants a lot of problems and sorrow . 
  migrants coming here do n't feel at home and feel mistreated and many people in europe do n't want them here 4 . 
  it will be cheaper to help them over there , instead of bringing them here, 
  and you thought r/europe was the best place to ask ? 
  except the japanese like their culture and want japan to stay japanese, 
  the guardian - your daily dose of fearmongering, 
  not a claim , call it a hunch, 
  help them in the middle east this would benefit everyone involved . 
  it would be a win-win except for you , because you would not be able to virtue signal and sleep like a baby at night knowing you did `` the right thing '', 
   `` this musical note will apparently make you orgasm '' `` strippers answer the only question you really want to know '' `` this is why men send unsolicited dick pics '' `` these images show a naked , pregnant trump spooned by putin '' `` this is the chore everyone hates the most '' `` people are deeply confused by this street advert '' thank you for this . 
  this i what i basically meant with my first comment . 
  found the oblivious guy who believes everything his government says , is true . 
  believe it or not buddy , even governments have bias and interests . 
  * simulates retaking of the reichstag * it 's just a prank bro !, 
  their kids will probably end up hating germany and gloryfying their original ` homeland ' syria , afghanistan , etc etc. 
  even if those countries end up being a total shitshows and a piles of steaming shit . 
   ofc the taxpayer would like to know how much is this gon na cost . 
  yes but the government would not like the citizens to know how much it will actually costs, 
  we probably wo n't need to fight a big war anytime soon , but having something to brag/bluff with is never a bad thing to put some pressure on foreign governments, 
   paying into the retirement system if they are integrated . 
  ftfy, 
   and not too bad for german citizens . 
  that 's highly debatable, 
  i realise that but then there is no argument in saying : `` oh but it 's actually a benefit that we are spending this 20 billion on the migrants '' because it 's not actually a benefit . 
  that 's okay we probably do n't even have the bullets to use in those guns ... 
   at least in the beginning it 's basically a small stimulus , though that changes after a while . 
  i 'm glad you said it yourself . 
  almost all economists agree a short-term stimulus never actually gets the economy anywhere, 
  oh no i 'm not trying to censor you . 
  i just think the independent , is not really that independent at all . 
  they are just way to far to the left for me to take them seriously, 
   french citizens are calling for the candidacy of the former us president in the 2017 election . 
  a petition has even been launched . 
  retards, 
  this is fucking hilarious * rush b comrade !, 
   refugee crisis also translated into economic growth how so ? 
  did all of them get jobs straight away ? 
  i would read that, 
  exactly , people think we can just put up some windmills and within 5 years everything will be hunky dory, 
  soldiers must share helmets , shout `` bang '' because of a shortage of bullets and go on missions without their own helicopters . 
  the dutch army has quite a few budget cuts behind it . 
  with the elections coming the army begs for more money . 
  but what do we actually still have in terms of material ? 
  since the cold war , the dutch armed forces lost a lot tanks and aircraft . 
  they were sold or broke and are not replaced . 
  the armerd forces once had about 200 fighters , now there are 63 . 
  of the roughly 900 tanks we have 18 left . 
  and even these are officially not ours , we lease them from germany . 
  the number of fighters , soldiers and tanks now ( red ) and the cold war ( white + red ) . 
  so quite a bit less , but the arms race of the cold war is also over . 
  and the likelihood of immediate neighbors invading us , according to experts is zero . 
  the army is now fighting especially during peace missions such as in mali or afghanistan . 
  that is why we are investing more in other weapons , including helicopter gunships and armored vehicles . 
  defense expert tim sweijs works at the hague centre for strategic studies and says we still need these kinds of traditional weapons of war to defend ourselves . 
  even in times of peace missions and digital warfare . 
  `` if you have no planes , a counterparty will just attack with such agents . 
  they look for your weak spot . '', 
  expensive all this equipment is very expensive . 
  we this year we will spend 7.9 billion on our military . 
  `` now there is money and with that we fix the shortage in maintenance , but the question is whether it is sufficient for a robust future-proof armed forces , '' said sweijs . 
  thus he refers mainly to the rapid developments in the field of digital warfare and weapons that use artificial intelligence . 
  `` that is the weakness of europe ; all those countries with their own armies '' - dick zandee , researcher clingendael when it comes to our security , then to work with other countries , is perhaps even more important than the number of tanks or airplanes . 
  not only to agree that we do not attack each other , but especially to be able to put our forces together and work like a well oiled machine . 
  our weakness `` if europe is attacked , you can not just gather up all the european tanks . 
  that is the weakness of europe . 
  all those countries with their own armies , '' said dick zandee , researcher at clingendael . 
  therefore countries , according to him , should improve their cooperation , for example , create a european army . 
  but that wont happen soon . 
  there are loose collaborations , for example between the netherlands and germany . 
  eu also has access to an `` eu battle group '' of 3000 people , but that is not comparable to an army in which all forces to fight alongside the european union . 
  nato we are members of nato , the north atlantic treaty organization , which we with many european countries and the us are in . 
  an important precondition for nato being a member is that as a country spends more than 2 percent of your gross domestic product ( gdp ) on defense . 
  many countries , including the netherlands do not meet that condition . 
  america also wants more european countries to meet the nato standard . 
  netherlands now gives some 8 billion on defense , there must be 6 billion extra in order to meet the 2-percent standard . 
  last year government agreed that the next few years , more money should go to defense . 
  almost all parties agree that too much has been cut back in recent years . 
  a number of parties will plea for more money towards the military during the upcoming election . 
  how much extra money will go towards the military , will be seen after the elections edit : i know the translation is crap , trying to fix it bit by bit, 
  this whole problem of `` we need migrants for our jobs '' has been blown way the fuck out of proportion the last few years, 
  * clicks link * * sees its the independent * * closes tab *, 
  so without all those migrant costs it would have been 43.7 billion ? 
  that 's quite a difference, 
  so summarizing , wilders wont do that well in this village . 
  the sp and pvda will probably do better .
