  edit : state prosecutors , not the actual government, 
  but is it for real or just to appeal to more people ? 
  ofcourse . 
  nationalism bad . 
  globalism good . 
  are you hungarian ? 
  i 'm honestly curious as to how they are seen in their own country, 
  i think you are getting the wrong idea here , i honestly do n't care about europeans moving around and working in other countries , as long as they work , i really do n't mind . 
  its only good for the economy, 
  it was just a joke man . . 
   the idea that the former home of militarism and nationalism could become a beacon for human rights and peaceful international cooperation within one lifetime may seem far-fetched . 
  why is this far-fetched ? 
  look at japan , didnt they make a complete 180 after wwii ? 
  they were different times and the depression did not help either . 
  besides germans themselves are so scared and ashamed of their past because it has been shoved down their throats for nearly 75 years that they were the worst people in the world back then and it must never happen again . 
  hmm let me think . 
   aydan \u00d6zoguz called for `` a sense of proportion '' i 'm sure terrorists keep this in mind while planning their attacks , too, 
  yes i do realise this . 
  except i get the idea that based on the things i have read , its not exactly ` by choice ' . 
  they just can not afford to sail and man them at the same time . 
  this is the kind of place i would retire to . . 
  i know its unbelieveable . 
  no response either , just downvotes . 
  we are all just supposed to conform to our eu overlords and everything they say is gospel . 
  at least its better than constantly patting eachother on the back, 
  i stand corrected , i fixed it !, 
  also yea , the f-35 would not have been my choice . 
  maybe the griphen or rafale would have been a better choice . 
  i would say focus more on national interests instead of supra-national interests . 
  if those are sometimes aligned with eachother , great . 
  i just do n't believe the netherlands should always try to put the eu interests above its own . 
  i realise a lot of people in this sub think differently about that , but this is my opinion . 
  is that not besides the point ? 
  the guy ca n't win . 
  even when he said he was not going to take the 400k salary . 
  `` oh well he does not need it because he is going to make so much money because now he is in power ! '', 
  that 's besides the point, 
  i agree , an airforce of 37 jets is basically useless when we had 200 + f16 's before edit : 200 + f-16 's , not 160 +, 
   trump does n't stand for cooperation trump : lets work together with russia wat . 
  i do n't idolize the guy , he annexed a part of ukraine for gods sake . 
   pursuit of russian national interests but this is the main reason why people look to him as an example , its about russia for him and nothing else . 
  we could use a little of that in europe, 
  not only that but they can probably only afford to sail one at a time . 
  yea , fun piece to read but , its still the independent . 
  so i 'm going to take it with a grain of salt . 
  really , by pointing out europe 's faults ? 
  are we that fragile nowadays ? 
  i prefer this tougher rethoric instead of obama 's constant : - `` the netherlands , punches above its weight . '', 
  - `` latvia , punches above its weight '' - '' ( insert eu country here ) punches above its weight . '', 
   the wrecks have been declared a sacred war grave pretty disrespectful to go digging for some metal , in my opinion . 
  i always see these kinds of arguments . 
  so because i have a bigger chance of drowing in my bathtub i should not care about terrorism ? 
  how does this make sense to you ? 
   be forced to rely on naval guns because of cost-cutting , the ministry of defence has admitted . 
  but trump is a moron for pointing out this kind of stupid policy . 
  the eu needs to start carrying their weight . 
  period the netherlands can start by buying back their tanks . 
  asap, 
   i would support military interventions in at least libya now , i realise you probably have the best intentions in mind , but this will only send more refugees towards europe , its not a vaiable option unfortunatly . 
   i feel an obligation to do so . 
  call me a bad person , but i think this is the big divide in europe between left and right . 
  i do n't feel that obligation . 
  i did not fly to syria and bomb some guys house . 
  neither did i start a civil war . 
  so why should i have to deal with the consequences ? 
  because i happen to live in a `` rich '' country in europe ? 
  i know , i 'm a minority in my own country , poor me !, 
  haha !, 
  wow , you are doing the exact same thing as trumps opponents were doing . 
  now read this very carefully : some people have a different culture , a culture where in they look at women differently , and so they are more likely to sexually assault a women in comparrison with say , a european man . 
  what i am not saying , is that all middle eastern men are rapists . 
  now stop putting words in my mouth . 
  thanks . 
  just look at the facts , and take your feels out of this discussion . 
  completely agree with you . 
  i was not trying to start a healthy discussion , i was trying to show the guy i was responding to that he lives in a fairytale world where everyone is nice to eachother and all cultures are the same . 
  news flash , they are not . 
  of course i realise that , i 'm not trying to condemn an entire ethnicity , i am trying to make you realise that this shit does happen in the middle east , and most of the migrants wont do this kind of fucked up stuff , but plenty of them will . 
  are you willing to gamble it and say , fuck it , only a few will do this , so lets take in another million . 
  i also realise its a completely biased video and channel . 
  but it does happen . 
  and this kind of shit is not a european invention, 
  i realise its a completely biased video and channel . 
  but it does happen . 
  and this kind of shit is not a european invention . 
  i was using it to illustrate the fact that some cultures are better than others . 
  what is the point of having people vote on a refferendum , and then not do shit with the result ? 
   it was not a time of glory in american democracy juncker , you do n't even know what a fucking democracy is , or how it works . 
  it has nothing to do with their destructive and backwards ideologies right ? 
  btw im not denying the west has had their share of fuck ups in the middle east , but to blame the west and only the west for the state of the middle east is ridiculous, 
  so let me get this straight . 
  in some african cultures , its normal to cut a girls vagina at a certain age . 
  but that culture , is just as good as our european culture ? 
  right . 
  listen to yourself man, 
  great sense of humor man , congratulations on that . 
  where do you get the idea that i 'm `` better '' than others ? 
  i do believe european culture ( also my culture ) is better than some other cultures . 
  thats rich coming from turkey - supported isis - member of nato, 
  [ just a few bad apples , right ?
