  except the hair is a little over done, 
   you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  yea cause it was me flying around in my f-16 dropping the bombs . 
  i completly agree with you . 
  but hiding behind the almighty words generelisation and racism , does not solve problems . 
  it always goes like this : `` there is a problem with morrocan youths '' response : `` that 's racist ! '', 
  end of debate, 
   `` our culture '' just means `` does n't share our far right wing views '' no it does not . 
  when i refer to dutch culture , its about the food we eat , the festivals we have , our national holidays and our norms and values . 
  oh and by the way , can you stop calling everyone here that disagrees with you ` far-right ' ? 
   constantly being referred to as a problem while you yourself have done nothing wrong sucks for any individual . 
  yes , it certainly does . 
  this is why i hate sylvana simons with every fibre of my being . 
  because by being dutch and white , i am automatically a racist and owned a bunch of slaves . 
  iirc a while ago , there were videos popping up which showed tanks with russian military unit numbers on them . 
  i 'll try to find them now, 
  exactly , no one can agree on what dutch culture is , because that would be problematic and racist . 
  what the actual fuck, 
  most likely that is the result of he artillery shells, 
   `` there 's a lot of fear and hate created by politicians who just want votes , and it makes it a little difficult for you as a moroccan youth . '', 
  there is a reason for that fear and hate some people have for morrocan youth though . 
  like being way over-represented in crime and hanging around on the street harrasing and throwing bricks at people . 
  i agree that maybe the problem is being blown out of proportion , but there is a problem nonetheless, 
  i know i know , i meant it in the sense that there is ( more or less ) a ceasefire at the moment, 
  `` let him who desires peace , prepare for war '', 
  thanks for sharing , very interesting read and pictures . 
  i saw [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iabsz9ig7we ) documentary about a battle in july 2016 , you can really see the war in ukraine ~ ~ was ~ ~ is no joke . 
  what the hell is a wehraboo ? 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xso3uaq.jpg ) is a wehraboo apparently . 
  i hate nazi 's as much as the next guy , but their uniforms where pretty damn impressive . 
  hugo boss knew what he was doing, 
  makes sense though . 
  1990 - cold war winding down , versus 2015 - no tensions in europe 's direct area . 
  except ukraine , of course, 
  it 's not europe 's job to fix all the worlds problems and help every single person on earth . 
  where do you get this idea from ? 
  it will reduce the numbers if all of europe gets on board with it however . 
  australia has a big fucking wall of water , and sends anyone back that does try to get there . 
  maybe , just maybe if europe could do that , we could send a signal that you are just not getting in anymore . 
  and people would stop trying to get here, 
  good , europe can not be the big humanitarian sponge that just takes in anyone that has experienced something horrible . 
  however harsh that might be, 
  hungary shows that walls , do actually work . 
  so , it 's all fearmongering then . 
  got it . 
   immigrated to country x illegally these , which were the majority . 
  do n't take my word for it , timmermans [ said ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/six-out-of-10-migrants-to-europe-come-for-economic-reasons-and-are-not-refugees-eu-vice-president-a6836306.html ) it himself, 
  `` the gender pay gap '' no , just fucking no . 
  if men work more hours , ofcourse they will earn more money in total . 
  if a company could really pay any woman 0,83 euros instead of 1 euro per hour . 
  why would n't they just hire female employees ? 
  i 'm all for equality . 
  but please let 's not employ people on the basis of gender , skin colour or culture . 
  let 's stick to merit , shall we ? 
  just to solve this misunderstanding here . 
  i am talking about the migrants that came to europe between 2015 and now , from the middle east , africa , asia etc. 
  they do n't get jobs that quickly , so they need to be taken care of , that costs money . 
  so all the migrants . 
  they need to eat , right ? 
  they need be housed , taken care of etc. 
  who pays for this ? 
  the government , through tax money . 
   new eu migrants i think we are talking about different migrants here , buddy . 
   and most left wingers in high immigration areas i love this . 
  does this not ring any bells for you ? 
  people come into a country , are dependent on the government . 
  are they going to vote for more government ? 
  i think so . 
  so , yea of course places with high immigration are going to be voting left !, 
   yeah , we really need so far right wing billionaire that can truly speak for the working class . 
  at least he addresses the points that people have legitimate worries about , instead of brushing it off as ` racism ' or ` xenophobia ', 
  why ? 
  what would le pen do to the french democracy ? 
  is this going to be the same thing where we compare her to hitler , like everyone did with trump ? 
   ` provably no effect on job availability , wages , or access to public services ' do you think money needed to pay to take care of all the new arrivals just grows on trees or something ? 
  most people do n't get a job within a year once they arrive in a completely new country you know . 
  that means more people dependent on tax money , but the same amount of people paying tax . 
  do you see where this is going ? 
  can i look at the actions that have been taken between januari 2015 and now instead , and still come up with the same summary that leftist politicians do n't know remotely what they are doing ? 
  because i think i can . 
  just because i write some text that nobody ever said , does not make it any less relevent . 
  it 's not a quote , but in my opinion it reflects quite well how most politicians on the left think about immigration from third world countries . 
  integration is not as easy as some people make it out to be . 
  well , if you sail within 20 miles off the libyan coast , and give everyone you see a free trip to italy , yes , the numbers will rise fast !, 
  it is also because leftist politicians are detached from reality . 
  `` if we ship an somali refugee to europe , within in 14 days , he will be just like us ! '', 
  after virtue signaling a bit in parliament , they drive back in their big cars to the whitest neighbourhoods in their countries . 
  they never feel the consequences of their actions . 
  he himself knows this is impossible on the grounds of our constitution . 
  but he knows this is what his voter base * want * to hear . 
  cool !, 
  let 's do it !, 
  ohhhh , that 's fine then, 
  traitor !, 
  is there really some sort of rivalry between romania and hungary ? 
  well . . 
  this is disturbing, 
  nice belgium you 've got there . 
  would be a shame if someone ... made it great again ... 
  well ... it was invented in rotterdam , but by a turkish man , i concede,
