  it 's just nice to look at some european history . 
  no one ever said modern architecture is shit, 
  look mate , whatever your defenition of a no-go zone is , walking into a neighbourhood with a camera and getting assaulted just because of that , or because you are not from that area , is pretty fucked up . 
  and like the guy that commented before me said , even the police themselves say they have not got things under control . 
  there are places in france like this too , especially in marseille for example . 
  ross kemp went to one of these no-go zones and nearly got fucking killed . 
  there are people walking around with 9mm pistols and ak-47s , is that normal to you ? 
  how about the crew of the program 60 minutes , when they were assaulted by somali `` refugees '' when they wanted to film a certain area . 
  they seem to have it all figured out in this thread . 
  she will be fired , trump is a mad man etc etc these people should be running the eu , that 's how smart they are !, 
  i doubt putin has the magic skills to take over a country that quickly . 
  this guy is not harry houdini, 
  yeah i 'm sure erdogan will give a shit about what merkel thinks . 
  he really is turning turkey into a islamic version of north korea, 
  but ghettos and no-go zones do n't exist , right ? 
  sweden is doing just fine, 
  sorry i ca n't make it for that one !, 
  alright calm down dolfie, 
  i ca n't even bother to come up with a real response to this, 
  okay , what the actual fuck , is this supposed to mean ? 
  i have pondered upon this question myself . 
  maybe it says something about this sub , no ? 
   let others to taste it . 
  why ? 
  so i can farm downvotes because they disagree with me ? 
  again , i said he is not doing a good job at it . 
  the perception of him , by many right-wing leaders , is that he puts his country first . 
  just the idea of putting ones country is attractive to these people as it is to me . 
  once again , i 'm not a putin-bot-fan . 
  i am just digusted with the lack of pride in ones country in europe nowadays, 
  look i think you 're kinda skewing the lines here . 
  i never praised the guy for the fucked up shit he did in crimea , ukraine etc. 
  the reason some right-wing politicians use him as an example , he because , he puts his own country , before other countries . 
  even if !, 
  by doing what he is doing , he is throwing his countries economy down the drain . 
  so yes , i agree !, 
  he is not doing a very good job at it !, 
  but most european countries , are constantly worrying about people from other countries and other regions , except their own people . 
  that is basically what i meant . 
  i deleted my comment because i know you all hate the guy and russia , so there is little point in getting into a discussion , which is shame . 
  every time i try to make a point , all i get is downvotes . 
  i am open to other views , it seems i am in the minority here, 
  shit !, 
  you 've found me out quick quick , sell all the tulips !, 
   nationalist sentiment and this is just a big no no in todays europe , is it not ? 
  europe really has gone stark raving mad . 
  good initative , should have been around pre-2015, 
  who would have guessed !, 
   outside the eu do n't have any sovereignity and do n't really exist anyways . 
  the libya that used to be an actual country , does not exist anymore . 
  that is what a failed state means . 
  same as syria . 
   i also feel we need something ` radical ' to really get some change that 's why i wrote this . 
  i would prefer the vvd , except they forgot about all their base values and instead we got nothing, 
  very sharp of you !, 
  i am indeed more libertarian than that . 
  and i would rather vote for the vvd , but they have backtracked so badly in the last four years , that i am having a hard time justifying that to myself . 
  i also feel we need something ` radical ' to really get some change i am very much a fan of the free market and small governments, 
  that 's not the only reason , and to be honest immigration is not even my biggest reason . 
  the netherlands only took in about 60,000 migrants , so i have not felt it like people in other countries might . 
  i vote right wing because i am very anti-left wing . 
  i hate the idea that if i work my ass off my entire life , i can enjoy the rest of it while paying 52 % income tax . 
  that to me , is borderline communision . 
  really ? 
  more than half of what is rightfully mine , is taken by the state ? 
  also i am quite anti-eu , one big government is more than enough for me . 
  i do n't need the eu overlords in brussels making decisions for me as well . 
  and if i did vote for the pvv , would you dislike me for it ? 
  because would defenitly keep me from voting for them ... 
   his own intelligence service remember this : `` are you monotoring us citizens ? '', 
  nsa : `` no '' we all know that was bullshit , right ? 
  so why should we believe everything the cia or nsa says as if it is gospel again , think for yourself !, 
  i love stuff like this , too often people forget that these men are doing their jobs and following orders . 
  they can get seriously injured sometimes too , when `` protesters '' decide to start throwing fire bombs and stones for example, 
  haha , this guy !, 
  how racist of them !, 
  is there something wrong with liking that ? 
  nice , getting `` sources '' from sites that fucking hate trump with every fibre of their being . 
  vox especially is the biggest pile of steaming feminist liberal leftist shit i have ever seen . 
  its like me using breitbart as a `` source '' do you really expect me to take you serious ? 
  i think i know why you hold the opinions that you do , just from the `` sources '' you used . 
  oh good , then i guess i can join the `` fuck trump because he is mean '' bandwagon . 
  proof ? 
  what is this proof you speak of ? 
  ca n't we just call him hitler and we will win every argument , every time ? 
  look around you , it 's still as popular as ever , the mainstream media indoctrination has achieved its goal . 
   trump ruining american long lasting and proved to be mutually beneficial relationships with eu how is he ruining this ? 
  by pointing out several flaws and mistakes made by the eu countries ? 
  just because it hurts , does not mean it 's not true , the nato spending for example , he really has a point here . 
  he says he wants better relationships with russia , what a fucking moron !!, 
  instead of , you know , building and building tension between two world super powers . 
  the logic really is missing here . 
  why is everyone here always so ready to see russia as the big bad boogy man ? 
  yes they invaded crimea and started a war in ukraine , i can see that as well , and i wo n't defend them doing this . 
  if anything though , this means that europe needs to step up its game and stop seeing the us as its big sugar daddy, 
  it really is unbelieveable how many people just believe everything they see in their personal and facebook friend circles . 
  trying to have a real argument here has become impossible, 
  this may be hard to believe for some , but intellegence agencies can be biased , think for yourself, 
   the other checks and balances i understand what you are saying , but which actual checks and balances are you afraid he might change or circumvent ? 
  do i really have to say this .
