  people on the right of the political spectrum , are not all nazi 's you can keep calling people on the right nazi 's , it wo n't change a thing . 
  so go ahead , call us all racist and nazi 's and some other buzzwords . 
  dont . 
  care . 
  see you at the voting both, 
  wow that would be great world . 
  kinda sounds like 1984 , because you know , you would need some sort of truth police . 
  start living in reality man , people are allowed to have opinions , that 's how free speech works . 
   as he has done often in his personal life , he is trading in a long-term partner for a newer model who goes around topless nice a personal attack thrown in there which has fuck all to do with his presidency . 
   politicians , be they in washington or brussels , used a bloated bureaucratic system to make rules for others ( but not for themselves ) . 
  and global elites got richer developing impractical schemes to help troubled populations , then sipped expensive whiskey at davos to celebrate how kind they were to the poor . 
  all the while , war and corruption have created a steady stream of migrants that is putting pressure on the system for average europeans . 
  in this part , he basically gives a fantastic reason to vote for wilders or le pen  the overall direction we were heading was good : toward a multi-racial , progressive , liberal democratic society . 
  ` good ' ` progressive ' i 'm trying not to throw up at this point . 
  lets all be `` progressive '' which really means , regressive and putting everyone in a little box defining them by their race and their level of oppression . 
  he 's acting as if trump is about to sell the us to russia . 
  stop all this fear mongering , this helps nobody, 
  and build a wall around it . 
  make libya great again, 
  ca n't say he is the first politician to do this though , lets be fair here, 
  why should they be arrested ? 
  for their opinions which you do n't agree with ? 
  if this is not a valid reason for closing the borders at some point in europe ( hungary , bulgaria etc for example ) i do n't know what is, 
  they may ? 
  libya is failed state . 
  why do n't we send a force to just round up the smugglers themselves , who are ripping all these people off, 
  funding ` boost ' i see what you did there, 
  it 's amazing we have now resorted to paying these people to leave . 
  ridiculous, 
  how were they abusing it ? 
  taking the money and then not leaving ? 
  i would imagine you get paid , then get put on a plane home ? 
  which europeans ? 
  because i am one and i do n't ` fear ' breitbart, 
  oh my god , that must mean he 's lying !, 
  good call by germany, 
  trump said for example , that eu nato countries should start carrying their weight , what is sarcastic about that ? 
   bullshit , people are very critical of different aspects of the eu here , including myself . 
  are we on different subreddits ? 
   but instead realise the massive prosperity , peace and freedom to live , travel etc. 
  the eu has brought us . 
  i will never deny that it has done some very good things . 
  but it has gone completely overboard in my opinion . 
  instead of 1 big government , each eu country now has 2 !, 
   times change and you need to cooperate in this modern day world or you will just be a plaything for massive cooperations and other countries screwing you over . 
  i do n't ` need ' to do anything , i 'm doing quite well for myself at the moment , and i did not get here by letting people tell me what to do . 
   you 're willing to throw your entire country away , ignore blatant racism , sucking up to putin on the contrary , i wish to save my country from being dominated by some dude from france , italy or whatever eu country , making choices and demands on our behalf , we will govern ourselves thank you very much . 
  and lastly , no , i do n't hate the eu so much i want to blow it up and bring all of europe down with it . 
  why ca n't we , without having a ` union ' just make agreements and deals with eachother like we used to , why do we need to be governed by a central government in brussels , when there are still so many differences in culture and politics across europe ? 
  i 'm passionate about it  i all seriousness , i think its a big issue , and i know many people do n't agree with me , but guess what , i do n't care i do go to other subreddits you know !, 
  i agree , but what we can do , is stop being over-tolerant , if you know what i mean . 
  too often when somethin bad happens , we are supposed to blame ourselves instead of the terrorist for example , because we were not nice enough to him or something like that . 
  as i have stated before on this sub , i am not against immigration , the border do n't have to be closed period . 
  but let it at least be a steady and controlled stream , instead of bloody flood . 
  i believe , that as soon as they arrive , the need to get language lessons so they can partake in the workforce . 
  do not let them segregate themselves in so called ` ghettos ', 
  bear with me , i will reply , got a meeting now . 
   being that they are a sovereign country . 
  well you really hit the nail on the head here mate , you see when the eu says `` take them in '' nowadays everyone just has to comply . 
  that is exactly what i do n't like about the eu btw i did not downvote you ... 
  a man 's got ta work between reddit sessions bro !, 
   we only care about that when they 're europhiles , not one of our own white nationalist god emperors fair point mate , but then i 'll throw it right back at you , most people here are willing to almost lay down their bloody lives for a ` united eu ' and do n't really care about what the eu overlords are up to but , yes i am biased towards wilders , le pen etc, 
   and what if saudi arabia does n't want to take any refugees ? 
  we ca n't force them . 
  yet we are being forced by our politicians to take them in . 
  is this like taking one for the team or something ? 
  adorable ?!, 
  dutchland stronk !, 
  i thought everyone was equal ? 
  guess some are more equal than others ... fucking hypocrite, 
  that 's even worse . 
  that makes them economic migrants and therefore they have no reason for being in europe . 
  so they should have been deported, 
  surely you know what i meant ... just assist those countries in taking in the syrian refugees . 
  that way , all the migrants coming to europe could automatically be classed as economic migrants and they could be sent back, 
  so i am only able to have an opinion about it , if it effects me directly ? 
  no no your quite right . 
  all those guys in cologne 2015 new years eve were white men !, 
   in case of le pen , it is well known that fn is being financed by russian loans . 
  gon na need a source on that one  wonder what he might be hiding why ca n't he just choose not to release anything because he does not want to , does not always mean he is `` hiding '' something, 
  not to me , i 'm not suprised there are plenty of people outside of germany that want to chip in on the decisions merkel has made, 
  google saudi arabia , lebanon , jordan and turkey for me real quick . 
  if we send money , supplies resources etc , we would be better able to help the people there, 
  why not help them in the middle east ? 
  it costs a lot more to help them in europe than help them over there . 
  plus , they share the culture there , it would be a lot easier, 
  dougless murrary really is one of the best debaters out there at the moment . 
  just look at some of the footage of ` the big question ' episodes . 
  he wipes the floor with everyone, 
  i never said it was a good thing , i 'm just glad they are preventing more attacks, 
  he is at least poiting out some of the very real failures and fuck ups in europe . 
  and apparently he is hated for it . 
  instead of , you know , acknowledging some of these issues, 
  i hope the debate over what the productive part of europe is , is now settled, 
  wow does it really suck that much to live in bosnia ? 
  i just love the fact that everyone is outraged , that trump is mostly doing what he said he would do . 
  like nowadays its just normal that a politician says whatever he needs to , to get elected , then backtracks on pretty much everything . 
  ahh , the pros of not being bought and paid for !, 
  lovely !, 
  i doubt they do it because of their political preference , probably more concerned with saving human lives ...
