  great argument !, 
  i love how inequality is a massive issue according to some of my country men . 
  such a socialist shithole sometimes ... how about defence ? 
  oh that 's only rank 4 in importance . . jesus christ . 
   like the end of the european civilization is assured by it in the next 10 years i agree !, 
  i do n't subscribe to this kind of doomsday thinking either . 
  yes there are bigger issues , but does that mean we should not pay attention to issues like islamization ? 
  i 'm shocked again !, 
  ( i 'm not ), 
  some people here see brexit like a stab in the back somehow, 
   erdogan 's leadership is to be legalized with the constitutional amendment aka the road to a dictatorship . 
  fun years ahead for turkey, 
  you do n't have to like the guy to admit he has been quite influential this year, 
   a convert attacking and beating regular muslims pretty sure this is a sign of islamization, 
  i personally am not in favour of completely dismanteling the eu . 
  something has to change however , people are not happy with the status quo as far as the eu goes . 
  but islamization is not a problem , right ? 
  it 's all just far-right bullshit, 
   this is my roman identity . 
  you are talking about things that happenend 2000 years ago . 
  today , in the middle east they are doing these exact things . 
  europeans got past this insane shit during the renaissance , the middle east never had this . 
   you will have to ask a judge about that why ? 
  freedom of speech is the number 1 pillar western countries are built on . 
  if someone is offended , they have the freedom to be offended , i hope they enjoy that freedom . 
  i wo n't lose any sleep over it . 
  if i 'm `` offended '' by something some public figure says , i could not give a shit less . 
  people need to grow some thicker skin, 
  thanks to our german bro 's !, 
   the quality of discourse about migration has been pretty abysmal for a while now the reason for this is because emotions run very high around this topic and there is a reason for that . 
   ( though i do n't necessarily agree ) . 
  what do you not agree with about the fact that certain cultures , like islam/middle eastern have an ideology that in some cases goes directly against some of our norms and values ? 
  western europe is fine with gays and gay people being able to marry eachother . 
  ask 1000 muslims what they think about that and i 'm guessing about 950 will tell you they think it 's digusting because their 1400 year old book tells them its wrong . 
  there in lies the problem , yes they want to come here and live and be happy etc. 
  but some of our values get in the way of that and then they speak up and say that we are the ones that have to change , well sorry , but that is not the way it works . 
  coming from a swede this is hilarious . 
  do you live in cave away from the big cities like stockholm and malmo ? 
   tolerance to a certain extent , yes . 
  however at the moment it is more like tolerate the intolerant, 
  christ , you people really exist . 
  if i were to say : `` i prefer being around people of the same culture '' would that be racist ? 
  in your eyes it probably would be . 
  let me stress this : it is impossible to be racist against a culture . 
  i hang out with people of all different skin colours because they have the same culture as me ( hard working , somewhat conservative ) not because i prefer certain skin colours . 
   homogeneous unchanging identity i do n't mind if my country changes somewhat , i just do n't want us to change certain things that made european culture great in the first place ( freedom of speech , seperation of church and state etc ), 
  lets take the depicting of mohammed ( the prophet ) as an example . 
  in western/european culture that 's not a problem , for many muslims moving to europe , it is . 
  i think we should be able to depict whatever the hell we want , they disagree , who is in the right here ? 
  because i would say , if you hate the fact we do things around here that way , you are welcome to move to a country that aligns more with your way of thinking . 
   you dream of a completely `` pure '' society i never said that was my dream . 
  ive said countless times ( in this thread aswell ) that i am not opposed to immigration , as long as it is controlled and not a constant massive stream . 
  foreign influence is not automatically a bad thing , i just do n't feel like i or my country has to change drastically to accomodate new arrivals . 
   i love my country too and i also do n't want to see it go down then lets talk about it like adults ( as we are now ) instead of throwing slurs at eachother , which is what made president trump a possibility and brexit too . 
  we have different approaches and different opinions , which is completely fine , it is a democracy after all . 
  but calling me a racist or nazi because i believe in doing things differently , will not get me to change my mind and neither will it bring us all closer together as europeans . 
  i simply believe that there are certains dangers that come with having a lot of people immigrate from a region ( and culture ) that i believe is not very compatible with ours . 
  if people want to come here and work and be part of society , they are welcome !, 
  but do n't expect me to change all kinds of things for them so they feel more welcome . 
  can you show me where i said something racist in this thread ? 
   says juncker well , that 's it folks , pack it up , the supreme leader has spoken . 
  no le pen apparently . 
   irrelevant here it 's not irrelevant , i 'm trying to show you that people use double standards . 
  i 'm trying to draw a direct comparrison and you brush it off as `` irrelevant ''  `` everyone does it , therefore it is great '' - standing up for your own culture , and your own ` in-group ' preference ( which has got humans to where we are now ) is never a bad thing . 
  according to you however , it is a bad thing and i am very curious why, 
  how about the japanese , they like their culture and do n't want to change it to accomodate foreigners . 
  are they racists ? 
  because i never hear any bitching about them . 
  only white people can be racist , right ? 
  get a grip mate . 
   listen ... 
  i 'm tired . 
  i 'm just tired of explaining people why voting far-right is n't a good idea or that nationalism is a bad thing you know what i am tired of , people like you , telling me that the fact i love my country and i do n't want to see it go down the fucking drain makes me a racist piece of shit and a nazi . 
  you people live in a different world . 
  i do not get my news from facebook , i get my news from different places on the internet and also from my expierences in the real world . 
  you seem like one of the people that u/samenrofringslikelbj is talking about in his comment in this thread . 
  you have been brainwashed by years and years of leftist propaganda . 
  yes , i have my own biases , i would never deny that , but i do live in the real world , not some fucking fantasy world where everything is fine and dandy . 
  would n't they both have an austrian culture though ? 
  i agree that two people could experience their culture very differently however . 
  edit : spelling, 
  what is the main divide between italians on this issue ? 
  it seems like nowadays anyone that says : `` i am a nationalist '' means that they want to start the fourth reich and return auschwitz birkenau to working order , its bloody insane, 
   how do you use that quote thing you did there , what keys do you use ? 
  put this symbol :  infront of the text you want to quote . 
   if people 's wishes for less immigration had n't been ignored , this would n't be a problem . 
  many people still find that idea very hard to grasp , while it is actually very easy to do so . 
  i have been saying for a while now , if the current governments had listenend to their population , the far-right would not be making the gains it is now . 
   just happens to not be the same culture that nationalists or far rights want the people you are talking about here are almost all white europeans , so how are they trying to preserve a different culture than yours ? 
  i do n't understand ... 
   there is no stopping it , it 's way too late for that it 's never to late . 
  close the fucking gate and help/support the new arrivals that are already here ( and are here with reason , aka actual refugee ) . 
   properly integrate these people into society history has shown us that this is no easy task . 
  i am very curious as to how we are going to make the whole integration thing work . 
   elevate the socio-economic situation of immigrants does that mean even more hand-outs or help them get into the workforce ? 
  because in the case of the second one , they will have to put a lot of effort in themselves and i have not seen that happen from many recent arrivals . 
  well you have that right and it 's completely fine !, 
  but then do n't act suprised when ( white ) europeans want to do the same . 
  it 's so refreshing to find someone who agrees with you on r/europe haha !, 
   making sure they stay at the bottom of the economic ladder how about all the fucking countless ngo 's and charities that are working their ass off trying to make it a better place .
