  its a shame we lost that war back in 1830 . 
  arrogant pricks !, 
  so when is international men 's day ? 
  wow just must be even nicer in real life . 
  thanks for the answer , i 'll leave now, 
  crickey . . 
  i ca n't just ask a question ? 
  did you . . did you just start a beer war ? 
  this wo n't end well for belgium . 
  we reserve that for our kapsalon 's , 
   britain 's nato allies in turkey , meanwhile , recently threatened to attack raqqa itself unless the main kurdish-led group in the multi-ethnic sdf ( syrian democratic forces ) stepped aside . 
  it 's worth remembering here that high-level whistleblowers have accused turkey of actually supporting daesh and other jihadi forces in syria in the past . 
  can a turkish member of this sub , please tell me , if it was n't for the pkk being a bunch of dicks . 
  would most turks still view kurds in bad light ? 
  or is it just erdogan that hates them ? 
  good on you romania !, 
  seriously ? 
  why does n't bolivia look at how russia has been treated over the years . 
  all the baddies in movies and games have been russian for years . 
  an abomination, 
  you 're insane !, 
  baantjer is awesome aswell !, 
  i just feel like amsterdamned is bit more culty , because its weird as fuck, 
  amsterdamned, 
  freeom of speech , freedom of religion , do n't hate on gays , lesbians etc. 
  that kind of stuff . 
  be liberal basically, 
  european values ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to point out . 
  europeans are similiar to canadians ( in my opinion ) because they share the same values , beliefs etc. 
  not because they look the same . 
  it 's the markthal in rotterdam !!, 
   you specifically said european and japanese because they look different . 
  and you know this how ? 
  i meant to evelop everything . 
  hence the comparrison between middle eastern people and europeans . 
  different looks yes , but also different cultures , faiths and values, 
  `` mayonaise ? '', 
  `` yea man , they drown em in that shit '' damn right we do [ for anyone that does n't get the reference ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-zovklq_prbc/tza-e2nlhci/aaaaaaaaamw/jlru_zr3qgg/s1600/pulpfiction.jpeg ), 
  really . 
  maybe untill they start talking , or express their beliefs and faith . 
  i am not just talking about looks here . 
  you are misrepresenting what i said . 
   you made it specifically about the act of being born to non-locals making one not unfit to be part of the society you 're born in i never said that if i move to japan and have kid , that this kid will be unable to function normally in japan or that he would be unwelcome there , i said he would not be japanese . 
  stop . 
  hold on , i did n't say people from other cultures or countries are not allowed in europe , or that countries with people from elsewhere do n't work . 
  stop putting words in my mouth and arguing against stuff i never said . 
  i simply gave an example for people to think about . 
  strange indeed , seeing as the oranges were not in charge when the dutch arrived in japan edit : or were they ? 
  someone educate me ... 
   you think new zealand and canada are composed only of europeans ? 
  nice strawman you 've got there . 
  i did not say anything like that . 
  canada and new zealand were however founded by europeans , and a majority of these countries are comprised of decendents of europeans, 
  because comparing europeans with canadians or new zealanders , is not the same as comparing people from the middle east , to europeans . 
  people from the middle east , are as different to europeans as japanese people are . 
   he is known for the unforgettable time he protested against the high taxes in poland by eating his tax return in front of the polish revenue service office . 
  well , he has a talent for the theatrical , i 'll give him that, 
  let me ask you this . 
  if i move to japan tomorrow . 
  and i have a kid with my european wife . 
  is that kid japanese ? 
  the same applies here, 
  mate , for gods sake we have a party in our parlement that is litterally called , * the socialist party * . 
  they wo n't nationalize all businesses and re-assign jobs to everyone . 
  but they are socialists without a doubt . 
  the state does not have to own businesses to have socialist tendencies . 
  the healthcare and welfare programs in the netherlands , can be seen as quite socialist . 
  i think we are stumbling over our own interpretations of socialism, 
  did you hear about the groups in the netherlands ( in the usa aswell ) that want reperations for slavery ? 
  just unbelieveable, 
   only thing is , those ` more people ' are n't economically active enough to pay the amount of tax that will make a difference , if any at all . 
  shhh , do n't burst the welfare state dream bubble now !, 
  well done to the police, 
  what you are talking about is communism , where the state takes all your shit and runs the economy as well . 
  you can be a free democratic capatalist state , and still have socialist tendencies, 
  most european nations have apologised extensively about their colonial past . 
  france is still even helping out in mali and niger spain does not exactly get away scott free either , does it ? 
  police officers that commit actual crimes , should be tried and punished . 
  what i love here is that the guardian will always lecture people : * not to judge a group , by a few bad apples * when it comes to refugees . 
  yet when incidents occur with police officers . 
  there is systemic racism . 
  congratulations the guardian , you 've played yourself . 
  exactly , now we might see some actual `` proof '' of what is going on there , and how bad ( or not bad ) it really is over there . 
  i believe he will make a wrap up eventually . 
  if you watch the video `` getting `` escorted '' out of the `` no go zone '' , he is considering going back into this neighbourhood , but i do n't think he is leaving sweden just yet . 
   car christian terrorist groups are doing exactly what isis are doing , except in the name of christianity . 
  okay , have not heard of them before . 
   christianity does not have the same religious approaches to iconography . 
  it 's a false equivalence . 
  so what ? 
  does that make the way muslims respond to a mohammed cartoon okay ? 
  not in my book . 
  this is the west , we can write and draw whatever the hell we want . 
   from 4 posts ago is blatantly untrue . 
  people have been criticizing and making fun of christians for the better part of 30 years . 
  not a lot of violence comparing to violence commited in the name of islam . 
  how many jokes or comics have been made of jesus or god ? 
  and what was the reaction ? 
  a guy in denmark makes one cartoon about mohammed and shit hits the fan .
