  yes we fucked them over in the past with colonization , it happenend ca n't change a thing about it . 
  they ( and we ) can either choose to hang on to the past and cry about how unfair it all is , or we can try to work together to make it a better place . 
  but that has to come from two directions, 
   we claim to be very tolerant and we still are , but there comes a moment where you have to draw the line and choose for your own wellbeing , there is nothing morally wrong about that . 
  it 's okay for a population or person to ask `` what is the benefit for me in this situation ? '', 
  jesus christ man , hitler was social-nationalist with some insane ideas sprinkled all over the place . 
  the idea of nationalism is not a bad one , do you not think the uk or usa was not nationalist during wwii ? 
  something like that is sometimes necesary to bring a country together and work towards a common good . 
  these people are not calling for all muslims to be put into a train and sent to fucking auschwitz . 
  while this is maybe a little extreme , standing up for your own culture is not a bad thing , all cultures do this , so why would european cultures not be allowed to do this ? 
  lately anyone who cares about their own culture is called a nationalist ( as if that is a bad thing ) and far-right . 
  exactly , i get the feeling that something is being lost in the phrasing of this whole thing . 
  i do n't need a woman to litteraly say `` yes '' before sex everytime . 
  too bad for london , they are located in the uk . 
  hmm , i wonder what kind of `` europeans '' those 27 % are ... 
   and kurds probably mostly kurds , knowing erdogan, 
  just pointing it out , dick, 
  can you not imagine the outcry if we really did build a massive wall to keep refugees out ? 
  that is what i am talking about, 
   no reason why we ca n't do the same in the 21st century . 
  we ca n't do the same because that would ` immoral ' according to some, 
  asia and north america, 
   by promoting a mutually beneficial sustainable economic development that is beneficial to both the developed and the developing world i 'm all for it , but then the people in those developing countries have to be willing to work towards it and actually able to achieve something , how much have the countries in africa achieved with all the international aid sent there for the last 30 tot 40 years ? 
  to anyone that still thinks its a good idea to keep bringing people in from the third world , i suggest you watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ), 
   the case has been central to the rightwing hungarian government 's two-year campaign to stoke xenophobia and portray refugees as terrorists . 
  not that they are actual terrorists , but the only stories i hear about migrants and asylum centres , are bad ones . 
  so i do n't think they need the hungarian governments help to destroy their image even more, 
  i 'm really not sure wether or not you are a troll or just do n't understand the idea of a joined defence fund . 
  the whole point would be to save money on defence spending . 
   you are already spending on defence 2 % of your gdp . 
  the netherlands is not , neither are many other western european countries . 
  i like to think i have more than 1 braincell , i realise the money needed for this does not appear out of thin air . 
  but i believe that the netherlands for example , is already spending more than enough on housing , education and health . 
  so a little more towards defence would only be better , in my opinion . 
  i do n't understand your response ... you said this  so all that money could be spend on , infrastructure , housing , education , the betterment of your society where does money for defence fit in here , was my question, 
  what would prefer , for everyone european country to have 5 soldiers and 1 inflateable boat ? 
  so that when shit hits the fan we wo n't be able to do anything at all ? 
  this is the thinking that made it possible for the netherlands to be conquered in less than 3 days in wwii . 
  yes , none of our direct neighbours will attack us , but its better to be safe than sorry, 
  it could make sense , the uk has the most surveillance of any country in the world, 
  exactly !, 
  if the current politicians would not have let it get this far , then the far-right would not have such massive gains, 
   `` [ castro was ] a global symbol of struggle and resistance whose example inspired popular struggle across the world , '' he was also a symbol of oppression and the locking up of political dissidents . 
  why is everyone praising this guy ? 
  i 'm just saying that the far-right is always something to be feared , however the far-left is often not . 
  look at how many idiots said it was shame that fidel castro passed away . 
  the guy was a damn dictator that locked up everyone who thought differently !, 
  but he 's left wing so its not as bad . 
  i get the feeling theyre making this a lot harder than it needs to be, 
  ofcourse , because the `` far '' - right is always something to be resisted , but the far-left is utopia . 
  its usually a very vocal minority, 
  as the saying goes , if there is a tax , its likely the dutch invented it ... 
  its funny you just posted this , i just read on war is boring that bulgaria ca n't even run its own air force because of lack of funding , so this seems like a good idea . 
  even if he was suicidal , its his life . 
  if he wants to end it , let him . 
  better to do it in a hospital instead of having him jump in front of train and give 5 other people a trauma for life . 
  not all conservatives want to take your freedoms away and stop you from sexting , just so you know . 
  not everyone drives those cars in germany , there are plenty of poor/working class people in germany that drive a 2005 mercedes for example or even older . 
  what does help though , is that as far as i know , the taxes on cars in germany are a lot lower than the netherlands for example . 
  way ahead of you guys in amsterdam , utrecht and leiden, 
  i do n't care about the % of people in germany that are muslim . 
  what i care about is that muslims/middle eastern people are over representative in crime statistics , but that fact does not fit your story so i guess that 's ` cancer ' as well . 
  interesting , lets see the one from 2016 , shall we ? 
  then the politicians that were responsible for greece joining the eu should not have lied about the financial numbers , and the ones that came after that should not have been so corrupt and incompetent . 
  you inhereted a fucked up situation , not germany 's or the imf 's fault, 
   election of mr hofer will therefore exacerbate political uncertainty in europe . 
  well , then the elites and eurocrats should not have let it get this far !, 
  if they want to blame someone , they need only look in the mirror !, 
   the first states that people suspected of involvement in a terrorist organization may be ordered to report to a police station on a daily or weekly basis or may have a restraining order imposed . 
   the second proposal states that the netherlands can withdraw dutch citizenship of jihadists fighting on the side of a terrorist organization abroad . 
  this can be done by a minister , without a court having to approve it . 
  even more barbaric !!, 
  what are we supposed to do ? 
  cuddle them to death ? 
   that means to educate himself to make informed decisions . 
  i agree with you , however , when an asylum is opened which will house around 1000 migrants right in the common man 's backyard , which drops his house 's value to jack shit , its hard for these people not to get emotional . 
  there was even a report done by some dutch journalists in which the mayor of a certain town did not even want to talk to inhabitants of the town about the fact that since an asylum openend , crime has sky-rocketed . 
  these people do not feel heard , this only increases their anger and thus they go with emotions instead of reason i ca n't blame them, 
  populism would not be on the rise across europe if the `` elite '' had actually adressed some of the concerns of the common man living in europe . 
  to just continue with shouting `` racist '' and `` integration is the key '' will only work so long, 
  i think there are still too many people ( me included ) that feel they are a citizen of their country before a citizen of europe . 
  there are still quite a few differences between for example , northern and southern europe and western and eastern europe . 
  take greece as an example , the work culture is very different , still a lot of corruption in government , ca n't get many things done . 
  ( i realise they have been royally fucked over so i do n't blame them for everything ) but it has to be said . 
  so i think if you were to make a unified europe , there would still be plenty of internal squables , like who pays what , why do we pay more/less, 
  pretending the netherlands is a country where racism just runs rampant and everybody who is not black , hates blacks . 
   `` the difference with the us or britain is that these hate groups have until now been clandestine , in the netherlands white supremacist hate has always been open and collective . '', 
  they make it sound like me and my buddies just go out and throw burning crosses into the gardens of black people in our spare time . 
  quinsy gario is out of his mind, 
   that is just wrong what ? 
  these boats are leaving from libya and senegal , is that not africa ? 
  there are no large scale migrations coming from syria at this point , most of them are now in turkey or jordan i believe . 
   rescuing people in distress on sea ? 
  which every ship is obliged to ? 
  rescuing them is fine !, 
  just drop them back of where they came from !, 
  once they realise there is no getting into europe , they will stop trying . 
  case in point : australia . 
   how ? 
  hungary built a big ass fence , that seems to work .
