  look at australia as an example !, 
  really ? 
  thank their navy, 
   `` in terms of quality , many of the reception facilities in greece still fall short of the requirements , '' then why the fuck would you send them over there ? 
  might it be because there are just too many in europe ? 
   criticizing freedom of the press ? 
  is not the same as criticizing the actual press/media, 
  `` there is still hope ! '', 
  as if hitler 2.0 is gon na show up next week if we do n't get more left leaning people in power . 
  i love this line of thinking , everyone right of center is a nazi and wants to start the fourth reich, 
   they 're the more intelligent gender sexism !!!, 
  a wall might . 
  or a collective navy that does not pick them up and drop them in italy . 
  i some sense , yes . 
  to be very honest with you i do n't know why they lump them in one group together , but i ca n't seem to find any stats where they are seperate . 
   sometime telling something is stupid , just , well , because it is , this is what bias looks like . 
  to me , brexit is not stupid . 
  this says , morrocans and people from the dutch antilles are 5 times more likely to come into contact with the police than native dutch people . 
  15 % against 3 % [ source ] ( http://www.ministrando.org/jeugdcriminaliteit/criminaliteit_en_etnische.html ) in dutch . 
  [ another source ] ( http://www.quest.nl/artikel/belanden-allochtone-nederlanders-echt-zo-vaak-in-de-criminaliteit ) numbers from 2nd source confirm the numbers from the first, 
   calling them , collectively goddamn it , no one is calling them rapists collectively . 
  some of them have a bigger tendency to commit certain crimes . 
  please please please get this through your thick skull before you yourself get red pilled at some point . 
   as a white european woman i 'm way more likely to be attacked by someone i know instead of a random refugee/migrant very true . 
  would you like to increase that chance though ? 
  in that case vote left . 
   so i do n't have to vote for some bunch of far-right populists just because they advocate a strict migration policy . 
  this saddens me aswell , i do n't like the idea of open borders or more migrants coming in , so my only choice is to vote far-right even if i do n't agree with all their points . 
  that is the reality years of left wing politics has created for us . 
   doing it despite no proof that a significantly larger percentage of them are criminals than the locals is hypocritical i can only speak for the netherlands , but here north africans ( for example ) are very over represented in crime statistics . 
  some cultures have different norms and values , for example how they treat women . 
  this is just a fact , wether you like it or not . 
   only if you make a comparison to women being harassed and raped by locals and overall increase in these incidents so because there are locals that rape/murder etc , what 's the harm in bringing in more people that do this ? 
  this logic hurts my fucking brain . 
  do you really want me to go and collect all the reports of women being harrased , assaulted and raped by migrants in 2015 and 2016 , or can i just give you new years in cologne as an example ? 
   this is more applicable to extremist men erm , i guess ? 
  are you trying to imply i am an ` extremist man ' ? 
  whatever that actually means . 
   we should defend the right to rape our own women what the fuck are you talking about, 
  that is probably because you are also a liberal lefty, 
  mate , i meant it in the sense like the joke : `` women do n't even understand other women '' i do n't have problems talking or being around women , but thanks for the tips anyway . 
   there are no rules for what britain is doing because no one has been stupid enough to try it the guardian , your source for unbiased news, 
   outright misogynist i am not a woman hater . 
  sometimes however , i do n't understand their thought pattern . 
  but then again , who does ? 
   mind the women , boys . 
  in every sense well , when a woman is attacked or raped by a refugee/migrant let in by the van der bellen administration , they will have themselves to thank for it . 
  well done , women of austria, 
  how far does this turkey rabbit hole go ? 
  where does the insanity end ? 
  once it ends up like iran or something ? 
  exactly , this guy is acting like he has just discovered fire or something . 
  erdogan has been using the refugees as a bargaining chip for a while now, 
  alright , i 'll concede , i not one to not admit it when ive been proven wrong , well done . 
  edit : haha , thanks for the gold , mate, 
   migrants committed 208,344 crimes in 2015 , according to a confidential police report that was leaked to the german newspaper , bild . 
  this figure represents an 80 % increase over 2014 and works out to around 570 crimes committed by migrants every day , or 23 crimes each hour , between january and december 2015 . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/7470/germany-migrants-crime )  migrants linked to 69,000 would-be or actual crimes in germany in first three months of 2016 : police [ source ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-crime-iduskcn0yt28v ) there are articles on both sides of the isle , but the leaked report to me is the hardest evidence i suppose, 
   this stuff happens , unfortunately . 
  crime rates have risen for some strange reason though , would you happen to know why ? 
  i think it might have something to do with a certain political choice made by a certain person in germany . 
   by insisting it was unfair to blame all refugees from afghanistan , syria and iraq for a single criminal act except it 's not a single act , is it ? 
  there have been more than just this one, 
  so your dad is someone who ca n't deal with losing ? 
  `` lets go protest the result of a democratic referendum ! '', 
   causing trouble somewhere in europe is not the same as a terror attack . 
  i just meant they do n't seem to have problems fitting in , that 's all, 
   i would hardly call the chinese integrated ( at least in other parts of europe than netherlands ) . 
  how do you mean ? 
  i have not heard of chinese immigrants causing trouble somewhere in europe . . 
  they certainly do n't carry out terror attacks, 
  how the fuck is what i said irrelevent ? 
  i compared one group of immigrants , to another and then pointed out the differences . 
  the reason i did that because i get the idea you are of the opinion that europeans are not doing enough to make it so that these people feel at home and have chances . 
  the chinese made their own chances , so apparently it is possible . 
  has r/worldnews changed that much in the last 6 months ? 
  i got banned saying i was not a fan of islam ... 
   one of those people please elaborate ? 
  i 'm all for a discussion , but this whole article makes no sense to me . 
  it 's the same people that have been talking badly about him all year , ofcourse they will say more bad and scary stuff about him , how shocking !, 
   trump has insulted and vilified the press and has made his opposition to the media a centerpiece of his campaign oh dear , how horrible !, 
   while some have suggested that these statements are rhetorical , we take trump at his word . 
  his intent and his disregard for the constitutional free press principle are clear . 
  so all year everything trump says is bullshit and batshit insane according to the media , but this , this they take seriously . 
  how do you even take the mainstream media seriously anymore after everything that has happenend this election cycle ? 
  i 'm no fan of islam , but this is not the state 's business , the seperation of church and state prevents the church doing the state 's business , but it is also supposed to work the other way around . 
   putin , erdogan , orban , trump trump ? 
  where is he criticizing freedom of the press ? 
  or calling for other authoritarian means ? 
   where unintegrated youth integration is a two way street , western europe has been trying to integrate these people for the last 30 years !, 
  the chinese in the netherlands had no problems getting used to our culture and enjoying the country they live in , people from the middle east are having a bit of problem doing that , so how is that all the fault of the native population ? 
   lack of opportunities for a lot of people . 
  man whenever i see this one ... 
  so its not really his fault , it 's the fault of the society he lives in right ? 
  we 're keeping him down and not helping him enough !, 
   trump spends his first months in office calling into question u.s. commitments around the world . 
  first , he suspends u.s membership in nato , then in the united nations . 
  america 's traditional foes thrive in the vacuum . 
  i highly doubt he would actually `` suspend '' the usa 's nato status, 
  hmm hard to tell , the pvv always does very well in the polls before the election , but when the time comes to actually vote , they always get way less than originally polled,
