  your tears taste soooo good, 
  of which , this guy is probably one . 
  just not able to fathom how people could vote for a person like trump , well , it happenend , deal with it, 
  i dont think he will really be that rash . 
  to be honest he has a point when he says that europe needs to start carrying its weight in terms of contribution to nato , instead of spending 0.9 % of the gdp on defence . 
  ( several countries do this anyway , not all ofcourse ), 
  ah , one of the easily offended ones . 
  yes he was a birther , i will agree i find that pretty retarded . 
  however , how is it racist , to want to know if your current president really was born in the us ? 
  would it still be racist if he was white but say , had an eastern european background ? 
  or in that case no ? 
  not everything is racist mate, 
  thank you !, 
  god its like everyone is losing their sanity on this sub . 
  he 's not going to pressing nuke buttons starting tomorow guys, 
   as trump will represent this country , his way of shouting lies and fears into the world will only have more spotlight i feel like you 're talking about the msm here . 
  because that 's exactly what they have been doing . 
  god forbid trump ever gets into office , the world will explode , everyone will die , aahh !, 
  maybe , but i still prefer it over bombing the middle east to shit and creating refugees for us to deal with, 
   he explicitely said that mexico sends thieves and rapists to the us debunked about 1000 times , what he said was , when people illegally cross the border , those are not the greatest people mexico has to offer . 
  often they are criminals  he wants to ban all muslims from entering the us also not true , besides , he changed his position to ` extreme vetting ', 
   with trump comes an era where the truth literally does not matter anymore wat . 
   trump cooperation with russia -  leading to war again , wat . 
  have you been listing to the msm a bit too much the last year my friend ? 
  how would hillary achieve anything if she was elected ? 
  because then half the country would oppose her aswell , plus the sentate and the house, 
  i think it really wo n't end in wwiii like all the hillary fans have been saying . 
  the man actually just wants better trade agreements and stop fucking around in the middle east ? 
  how is he such a bad guy ? 
  do n't give me all the bullcrap : `` but , but , he 's racist ! '', 
  because he is not, 
  and when people come out to protest , they get beat down pretty hard by the riot police ... 
  it will be an interesting couple of years to come for turkey, 
  cool album !, 
   the men 's appearance reminded him of jaish al-islam , the islamist rebels who took over his hometown near damascus so these are the kinds of mosques we have in europe , fantastic, 
   it does not matter why people voted . 
  they voted , end of did you miss this sentence in my comment ? 
  so no problem at all then ? 
  great , carry on as usual then, 
   one afghan teenager , wrapped in a yellow and green sleeping bag , said : `` fuck france , fuck britain . 
  you are racists . '' oh are we now ? 
  well your welcome to go back to the fantastic country you come from , oh wait , thats a fucking shithole, 
  do n't forget the architects we were promised !, 
  ah , the wonders of mass immigration and multiculturalism . 
  just wonderful, 
  jesus christ , you 're talking about the bloody pvv . 
  most of them are clinicly insane and hate everyone and everything around without reason . 
  is that really a reason to say its false that most dutch people have no problem with eastern european immigrants ? 
  give me a break man and by the way , how the fuck did you manage to get putin into that comment ? 
  half of the people that decided to vote dont want the treaty . 
  i dont give a shit about the people that didnt vote , their opinion is irrelevent in this situation . 
   dutch people have literally not even a fucking clue what they voted on your proof for this ? 
   it just boils my blood , it 's an association agreement not eu ascension , ukraine does n't even have candidate status it will lead to this though , it usually has before . 
   influence the eu might have to improve on those issues maybe they should fix it themselves ? 
   muh immigrants !, 
  its not about immigrants , the dutch have no problem with eastern european immigrants, 
  fuck it , lets ignore 2.5 million people because we dont like the result . 
  it does not matter why people voted . 
  they voted , end of, 
  is it ? 
  exactly , its such a sad move to take away voting places . 
  yet still the dutch voted against it , its fantastic , it really is , because maybe now the government will understand that they cant just force all kinds of shit on us anymore, 
  so , the usa is not the only place where the establishment is losing its shit ... 
  yea , apparently the west is such a racist shithole , yet everyone wants to come here ... 
  i wonder why, 
  another bullshit story and an attempt to make it look like `` xenophobia '' is on the rise . 
  wow , that might be the most retarded analogy i 've ever read . 
  how does being gay hurt anyone else ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand what you are trying to say . 
  that my line of thinking could be applied to anything and therefore you could be hanged just for being gay . 
  we 're not talking about some case where the girl wasnt really sure if she wanted to have sex , but it happenend etc etc. 
  they fucking gang raped someone . 
  you throw out your human rights right there . 
  they knew full well what they were doing to that girl and its fucking barbaric and digusting, 
  if you rape someone you are about as low as you can get as a human being , so exuse me for being rash or ` filled ' with rage , but i do n't give a shit if some rapist would get lynched . 
  `` civilized '' people do n't rape . 
  christ almight , this shit on this sub ? 
  a pay gap , does not exist , an earnings gap , does exist . 
  because usually , men work more hours and also have better paying jobs . 
  nowhere in europe are women payed 70 cents on the euro . 
  if this was the case , why the would companies even bother hiring men anymore ? 
  how about someone rapes someone you care about . 
  would you still say : well thats what the law says , so too bad !, 
  i really doubt his salary is 7 digits , besides , it was just a joke , mate . 
  please for the love of god , let the netherlands contribute something significant aswell this time . 
  his first action as president of the eu , would be to dissolve it !, 
  haha !, 
  exactly , if you bloody gang rape someone , you are cleary not a `` child '' anymore . 
  you 're a criminal who belongs in jail for at least a good 5 years . 
  great !, 
  so we can all go out and rape whoever we want , as long as we say sorry afterwards , what a fantastic judge , remove this idiot from his position please . 
  maybe they should not have burned their own camp down , then, 
  you forgot the hashtag #notall, 
  do i sound like one of those people to you ? 
  i cant vote for a better dutch government all on my own unfortunatly, 
   what is a government even worth if if is incapable of protecting children in its own country and giving them hope for the future ? 
  similairly , what is a government worth , if it cant even protect its citizens from the consequenses of importing 160.000 people from 3rd world countries ? 
  for example , the wheelchair bound woman that was gangraped recently . 
  i wonder how long it will take before a new camp rises up from the ashes, 
  sadly some people want to believe in the lie that all the people streaming into europe are all very well meaning , peaceful people , who just want to find a job and start a new life while completely integrating into their new society without causing any problems at all !,
