  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbte_ppdyva ) edit : still waiting on your reply to this , mate edit2 : i have the reply , its just as retarded as i thought it would be . 
  why the hell would i not care about rape victims ? 
  what kind of acusation is that ? 
  being raped is fucking horrible and i would not wish it on anyone . 
  which is why we should not be taking in more people who have a very different set of ideas on women and sexuality . 
  i never denied the fact that western men rape . 
  they do , just a lot less than men with a middle eastern background , period . 
  i think you know what kind of immigration ( the illegal one ) and where these people are coming from . 
  it was kind of implied . 
  how can you not respond to anything i said in my 1st comment to you ? 
  i 'm all for immigration of people that want to come here and work and be part of society , what bothers me , is that we are not being honest about what beliefs some of these immigrants are bringing with them . 
  you can take a man out of the third world , but you cant take the third world ( and all its amazing qualities ) out of the man . 
  men from a certain area have a bigger tendency to rape , is all i 'm saying, 
  would you like to explain why ? 
  not every far right movement advocates for wiping out a certain portion of the population . 
  you know that right ? 
  really , 1 out of 4 dutch women is raped . 
  that sounds made up . 
   `` by banning this organisation , a major source of radicalisation has been eradicated nationwide . 
  those who spread hate messages ca n't hide behind freedom of religion . '', 
  hats off to this man , more of this please . 
   absolute benefits for humanity are greater than the risks ? 
  hold up , hold up . 
  what the hell would be benefits for our society of bringing in an additional 1 million migrants , for example ? 
  what are you smoking man ? 
   men rape millions of women every year a certain type of men from a certain area of the world . 
  is what you mean . 
  so yes , thousands of those men coming in , we can ban . 
  by closing the border for a while and reasses our policy . 
  exactly , they are not liberal , they are authoritarian, 
  for them its about taking the moral high ground and sleeping better at night knowing they are a better person . 
  except they are not and they are making sure that people are getting raped , attacked and robbed left and right . 
  but aslong as they feel good about themselves , who the fuck cares , right ? 
  this is what leftists usually do . 
  look at trump , they focus on him as a person instead of the things he says about genuine problems with in society . 
  so petry thinks there are too many gays on tv . 
  the reason she probably says this because these kinds of things are being forced into the media . 
  gay people probably make up less than 2 % of the european population ( wild guess ) , yet they are over-represented on tv and in movies , which is a valid point . 
  it does not mean she automatically hates all gays and wants to wipe them out . 
  i wish . 
  do you really think the likes of the beebs ( bbc ) and mainstream european media will be more critical of migrants and migrant policy in the eu ? 
  because i doubt it . 
  they usually quietly acknowledge some things and try not to spend too much time on it . 
  sorry , petry ? 
  edit : thanks for educating me , i did not know she was the leader of the afd !, 
  fascinating !, 
  all jokes aside , nice picture, 
  see ? 
  totally ready for eu association and eventual joining . 
  ah great !, 
  i 'm so happy we now have the green light from the leftist media, 
  wow i am so suprised !, 
  looks like the `` far '' - right , was right !, 
  except they are not far-right , they just care about their country and see through all the bullshit the media keeps shoving down our throats, 
  summary : spring : some rain , some sun . 
  summer : mostly sun , less rain . 
  autumn : rain , lots of rain . 
  winter : cold rain basically , rain . 
   bastion of openness and tolerance and this is working out , so unbelievably well, 
  see , is this really so bad ? 
  a normal phone call with eachother instead of cyberwarfare and treating that like any other attack ? 
   . i actually appreciate someone loving me for who i am , not just how large my bank account is . 
  what if i told you , you can have both, 
  jesus , macron 's wife looks like she 's dying, 
  this map is total crap , some of these `` terror attacks '' are just people being assholes  12/24/2015 : assailants attacked police officers and firefighters called to the scene of a fake emergency call in ajaccio city , corsica , france . 
  a police officer and two firefighters were injured in the attack . 
  no group claimed responsibility how is this a terror attack ? 
  ah that 's why i was always being chased by guardia civil on my high school trips to spain . 
  they 're basically everywhere, 
  awesome !, 
   did the turkish president 's security detail attack protesters in washington ? 
  does the pope shit in the woods ? 
  repeat after me `` diversity is our strength '' if we keep saying it , all our problems will go away !, 
  who would have guessed !, 
  give the libian coast guard fucking helicopters , submarines and more frigates . 
  they are the only ones doing their fucking job over there, 
  you 're either a troll , or crazy . 
  how accomodating do you think we need to be ? 
  shall we just turn estonia into estonistan , just so these people feel more at home ? 
  jesus it looks like they really were sent to hell . 
  those poor poor people, 
  here 's an idea . 
  how about the long term plan is , that they go back when syria is safe ? 
  instead of having the government spend millions/billions to integrate these people and them ending up still not feeling `` at home '', 
   i would n't say english is a national symbol of the country . 
  what language did the founding fathers speak ? 
  what language is the national anthem sung in ? 
   `` living in europe is very different from the picture we drew in our minds when we left syria , '' sorry we could n't get you the first class europe experience darling . 
  people in europe have to work their ass off to make a living too . 
  we do n't just give away free shit all day . 
   it 's not fair to them . 
  we could also take millions of syrians and dump them in northern canada . 
  the idea is to create some kind of proper new community for them . 
  no , the idea is to take them in so they are safe . 
  as long as they have food , drink and a roof , the host country has done more than enough, 
  you have to close the tap , before you start mopping the floor, 
  yep , lets just not pay any attention to it . 
  great plan . 
  i get the point you 're trying to make , but ignoring a problem does not mean it will go away by itself, 
  to many to write down here,
