  good luck bringing in more tourists turkey !, 
  keep digging that grave, 
  so this is what it looks like when people stand up for their own country and values i almost forgot what that was like, 
  nice argument you 've got there . 
  i suppose you also believe that everyone who voted for trump , voted for racism , xenophobia , hating mexicans etc etc ? 
  first off , they are nationalists , not racists . 
  and to be honest , i have no idea how illiterate they are in regards to the economy , but anything is better than central planning and the government owning everything . 
  is this where you argue that communism has never been done right , and we should try again ? 
   her son , she says , warned her against voting the national front . 
  `` he told me that le pen is just talking big and wo n't keep her promises either . 
  so now i am going to vote for [ jean-luc ] melenchon , the communist . '', 
  oh wow , cleary communism is the better choice . 
  what a smart son you have, 
  great , 3 down , just 999.997 people to go, 
  is n't it great when there is a large group of people in your country , that care more about what is going on in their country of origin . 
  i think you mean , stra\u00dfburg , ~ ~ alsace ~ ~ elsa\u00df , germany !, 
  i do understand , i was making a statement then , better ? 
  now go away , your about 20 hours late to this discussion anyway, 
  well , apparently europeans need to help everyone who has had a bad day . 
  if you prefer borders and * controlled * immigration , you are racist, 
  many asians are still very much racist , but people do n't care for some strange reason . 
  japan took in about 5 refugees last year . 
  not one article calling them nazi 's came out, 
  i think many people will go to greece instead of turkey this summer . 
  i also think we all know why, 
  i was just trying to point out that these numbers are way bigger in regards to france or germany, 
   arabic speakers , numbering at just under 22,000 people , surpassed native somali and english speakers in the country for the first time . 
  22.000 is relatively little compared to other europeans countries though title makes it seem worse than it is, 
  ah yes because only dumb peope voted to leave . 
  the arrogance is astounding, 
  oh dear , nice virtue signal buddy , hope you can now sleep well tonight, 
   he could have avoided the racist undertones , but he did n't and that 's why he 's in the news . 
  as is often the case with older people . 
  back in their day it was no problem to say it like that, 
  saw this yesterday , such a useless comparison . 
  27 countries against one . 
  who would have guessed the outcome !, 
  lol this basically looks like a europe sized germany, 
  what is the reason for the amazing internet in romania ? 
  polls show all the time that the majority of nothern irish people want to remain with the uk, 
   when putin took power in the winter of 1999-2000 , his country was defenseless . 
  it was bankrupt . 
  it was being carved up by its new kleptocratic elites , in collusion with its old imperial rivals , the americans . 
  putin changed that . 
  in the first decade of this century , he did what kemal atat\u00fcrk had done in turkey in the 1920s . 
  out of a crumbling empire , he rescued a nation-state , and gave it coherence and purpose . 
  he disciplined his country 's plutocrats . 
  he restored its military strength . 
  and he refused , with ever blunter rhetoric , to accept for russia a subservient role in an american-run world system drawn up by foreign politicians and business leaders . 
  his voters credit him with having saved his country . 
  this perfectly explains why many russians actually like the guy , even if he is quite authoritarian , they are glad he fixed their country, 
  let 's hope erdogan loses this , then we can watch him melt down and blame the nazi 's again, 
  `` if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear '' right guys ? 
  closer and closer to a police state the uk goes . . 
  at this point even if russia were to send 50 billion to africa to help out the poor , cnn would find a way to make russia look bad, 
  that 's what corruption and playing favorites gets you , i suppose . 
  so russia really is the all time champ when it comes to the heavy stuff . 
  to be honest , if i had to live in russia , i would probably be a heavy drinker too, 
  reached 275km/h last weekend  the amount of joy i can get out of driving cars is unbelieveable, 
  albari\u00f1o from spain is my all time favorite, 
  as long as they do n't touch the no speed limit areas , i do n't really care . 
  germany should remain a paradise for driving cars, 
  nothing better to do , hungary ? 
  fucking lol turkey is not dependent on europe at all right ? 
  tourism alone keeps turkey from falling into a state of decay, 
  well i never said we never light up and get a little high , but it 's not like we do n't have jobs around here , haha . 
  have fun bro !, 
  yea i dont think turkey can teach us anything about democracy . 
  except how to destroy it , erdogan seems to be quite good at that, 
  we like playing with sand and water, 
  i love how the dutchball is always , i mean always , fucking stoned out of his mind . 
  as if that is really all we do around here !, 
  at least you have pretty women to keep you warm !, 
  i feel like this could be some very dank material for meme production, 
  i vote luxemburg , because they stole our flag and all our money . 
   that all cultures are equal , when clearly they are n't [ that 's a bingo !, 
   the ukip mep failed to mention the fact many of the victims of the attack were in fact foreigners themselves christ , the independent does it again . 
  so fucking what . 
  it is an attack on the western way of life . 
  the attacker did n't give a fuck about who he was mowing down , as long as he is attacking dirty western infidels, 
   he further added that the effect of the refugees on the german economy can only be understood in five or six years , and that `` it probably wo n't lead to us making money , * although diversity can have positive effects '' * . 
  i keep reading this `` diversity is our strengh '' stuff . 
  tell me , what are the benefits ? 
  and a more restaurants with foreign food , is not enough for me  this will be worsened by the fact that the immediate fiscal costs of caring for asylum seekers , estimated at 8.3 billion $ in 2015 and 14 billion $ in 2016 according to the german economic council of experts , are on the rise and weigh as a burden on the shoulders of the german taxpayers . 
  hence , the integration of the refugees into the german labour market will deepen the cleavage between the citizens and the national politics . 
  moreover , as the inclusion of the refugees in the labour market is not likely to be implemented quickly , the asylum seekers will be amassed in community centres , where they will be subjected to growing unrest which is already threatening citizens ' security and which is sooner or later going to wreak havoc in the german civil society . 
  enjoy the next 10 to 15 years , germany, 
  my comment is very hyperbolic , but i hate these commenters that are always trying to * downplay * issues they do n't like acknowledging are real it 's same as saying : `` well more people are killed in car crashes than by terrorism so ... '', 
  if god forbid , war ever broke out between turkey and a european state . 
  do you think most turkish people living in said european country , would fight for turkey , or their country of residence ? 
  you should be digusted with the cunt that attacked these people . 
  not with people pointing things out . 
  as a frenchmen i would expect more knowledge from you . 
  go visit those famous estates in marseille for example , i 'm sure they will be very welcoming to anyone that is not a muslim, 
  yes , because it 's not * that bad * everything is fine . 
   on another note , the silver lining to the threat of terrorism in europe is how buffoonishly incompetent most of these would be jihadis tend to be criminals tend not to be very smart , fortunatly, 
  le pen russian agent confirmed, 
  this map really does make afghanistan look like a hell hole, 
  erdogan is on a roll these last few weeks, 
   they 're a much smaller party .
