  what do you call picking up migrants off the coast of libya then ? 
  or how about just sending them back which is not happening on a large enough scale yet . 
  or just not let them in in the first place . 
   also how do you plan to gather support for a large scale military intervention in syria ? 
  most of the people coming at this point come from africa , do n't know of any large scale wars going on over there at the moment . 
  another succesful terror attack wont be necesary , people will now finally wake up to the threat of immigration . 
  ( they wont ), 
   and something that does n't take 3 decades , cost trillions and will probably just create an ever larger mess ? 
  well what would be your preffered plan then ? 
  help them fix their own countries , that is the solution , not keep bringing them over here . 
   in the 1990s precious years were wasted for europeans to develop , debate and implement a defence structure of scale this was the big mistake . 
  everyone thought there would never be any more wars !, 
  the ussr was defeated so no one in europe would ever need an army again . 
  amazing logic by the politians of the time, 
  i 'm sure they will only be agreeing with eachother the whole meeting, 
   ` tyranny of majority ' wow , so in the future the side with the least votes wins ? 
  is that a better way to go forward ? 
  well not very suprising if you pick them up 5 miles from the libian coast !, 
  i 'm shocked !, 
  ( i 'm not ), 
  welcome to ` angel of death ' - we hope you have pleasant stay !, 
  thanks , i guess, 
  did not expect iceland to be so active of all places !, 
  voted for amsterdam , because i am a nationalist pig, 
  but they are all prepared to talk about peace in isreal and palistine , right ? 
  it got caught in the quotation , fixed it now . 
  so no , i did not conveniently leave out nuking isis, 
   brown people seriously man , where does he say this, 
  number 14 , lol !, 
  true in my experience !, 
   nuking isis or taking action against mexico ? 
  i think with `` nuking '' isis he was trying to say that he wants to wipe them of the earth , which , lets be honest , who doesnt ? 
  and taking action against mexico would be more along the lines of economic actions . 
  i do n't see trump ordering an invasion of mexico, 
  i think that 's a big deal for many people yes , but there are more things like the bureaucratic nightmare that the eu is at the moment . 
  many people also claim that they do not feel represented etc etc. 
  the list is longer than just immigration and refugees, 
   the same populist forces and lack of honest discussion that got donald trump elected are present and gaining traction in europe . 
  dismissing them , as most american newspapers did , is a grave mistake this , to me , is most important , i do n't necesarily want a very right wing politician in power . 
  but if the eurocrats want to avoid : wilders , le pen etc. 
  then they will have to turn things around !, 
  just dismissing everyone who has an opinion differing from `` the european union is awesome '' is not going to work !, 
   they are now suggesting more awareness raising , education and investigative journalism . 
  wait is russia saying this , or the mep 's ? 
  i think this is mainly because people not born in the uk usually all move to the big cities , so it might seem like there are more than there actually are . 
   you could prove that he is racist by acually debating him , or his party . 
  not by just claiming that he is well this is exactly what i meant , if you can get him to say some seriously racist shit on tv , he will be done, 
  ah the hitler comparison , i was wondering when this would show up . 
  yes , him getting votes is no proof that he is not racist , but what it does prove , is that apparently there are millions of dutch people who more or less agree with him , i doubt all of them are ` hardcore racists ', 
  what i meant was that you ca n't just take something he said that you do n't like , and then proceed to call him racist just because he points out some things people do n't like to be confronted with . 
  just as digusting as the police and mayor trying not to report on the cologne sexual assaults right ? 
  untill the media got a hold of it six days later . 
  edit : cologne not munich , thanks u/fluchtpunkt, 
  yea the free market is such a retarded idea !, 
  my god ... the amount of stupid, 
  do n't talk like that here !, 
  sometimes it almost feels like r/socialism here . 
  everyone has to be and have the same . 
  except , if it was a right-wing nazi . 
  then the whole country would be out on the street fighting against racism . 
  the double standards are astounding . 
  exactly , if he really is such a racist mad man , prove it by winning over more voters . 
  oh and just a tip , calling someone a racist to win votes , does not work anymore . 
  source : the usa, 
  this is from 2001 ... kinda outdated do n't you think ? 
  with the refugee crisis and all , i expect these numbers to be way higher , as well as the ` actual ' numbers edit : even earlier than 2007 , 2001 apparently . 
  thanks u/areshian, 
   how dangerous is trump ? 
  how soon will he start his first war ? 
  where ? 
  this , people , is what propaganda and indoctrination gets you . 
  trump has never even talked about starting any wars . 
  in fact , he is against all the us interventions across the world in the last 16 years . 
  the media is a powerful tool and it is no longer giving us the news , it is giving us a narrative . 
  time for merkel to get btfo, 
  i beg to differ , in your own country there are quite a few muslims , same in france, 
  no not just refugees . 
  there has been a big influx of muslims immigrants since the 90 's . 
  and i 'm still not a fan of their ideology . 
  sue me, 
  that 's what speaking your mind gets you , nowadays, 
  who do you think converted him ? 
  politicians usually get elected on empty promises . 
  hillary was no different and neither was obama to be honest, 
  yes yes i know , the ruling was not about that , i understand , what i meant was , there is sharia police walking around in a western country , trying to enforce their ideas upon others , now in my opinion , they should be in jail . 
  you 're opinion might be different and that 's fine, 
  ah yes , bush also did 9/11 , right ? 
  i guess you are right , but too many people just let this kind of stuff slide, 
  what does this have to do with my question ? 
  my question was about , why there is not a law to stop them doing from what they were doing . 
  i do n't care what they were or were not wearing . 
  why is there not a law , preventing people from walking around and enforcing their beliefs on others ? 
  sometimes even through force edit : after all the replies , i get it , i get it , they were not enforcing anything . 
  regardless , the fact that these people are walking around calling themselves ` sharia police ' should at least put some things into perspective about immigration . 
  however many of you probably wo n't care, 
  so can they be dropped off back in libya now ? 
  or is that too much to ask, 
   `` i have been in china one year already ; the first thing i learned here is : all you chinese are bastards . '', 
  first of all , lol . 
  second , its obviously not a very nice thing to say , but is it really ` racist ' ?
