  its just an offensive thing to say in my opinion . 
  really , the fsb have resorted to making prank calls ? 
  the fact that it was even put forward just boggles my mind . 
   the bottom line is that both al qaeda and daesh exist because of the us . 
  partly true , partly not true . 
  if the us had not invaded iraq or afghanistan , there would still be radical islamic elements in both countries, 
  i cant imagine all this build up of forces is going to lead to anything good . . 
  this has nothing to do with trump, 
  is this not kind of blowing things out of proportion ? 
  there has not been an attack in a while now . . 
  such a shame , this could have been hilarious, 
   and after his leaked audio tape you really have the audacity to claim that the man isnt a disgusting sexual predator ? 
  that has no problem forcing himself on women because he thinks his celebrity status allows him to get away with it ? 
  despite the fact he himself said so ?? 
  never mind that he was also married during that time . 
  quote : `` they let you do it '' lets be honest here , if a billionaire tv star wants to get with some woman , are they really going to reject him ? 
   and calling hillary a `` nasty women '' sure didnt sound sexist at all right ? 
  no actually it does not . 
  if i call someone a nasty woman , i think she is nasty woman , i dont automatically hate all women . 
  ahh the wonders of the islamic world , do n't you just love it , guys ? 
  do n't you just want to import this on a mass scale to europe ? 
  what is not to love ? 
   racism , sexism , terrible incompetence , encouraging violence , disrepect for the democratic institutions of nation he was running as president for all of this is bullshit . 
  you have either been brainwashed by the likes of cnn or are just to thick to think for yourself . 
  where is the sexism ? 
  show me !, 
  he said some things about several women . 
  when the fuck did he say , all women are just sluts , dirty whores etc etc. 
  he said there are criminals among the illegal immigrants . 
  100 % true . 
  disrespect for democratic institutions ? 
  its completely normal for a candidate to say , i wont accept the outcome of the election right away . 
  this does not mean he would start some sort of rebellion . 
  encouraging violence ? 
  check out project veritas . 
  the dnc paid people to go to trump rallies and incite violence . 
  do us and yourself a favor and re-educate yourself before you ever make another comment as un-informed and retarded as this one . 
  this is whole reason i am doubtful about the coup ... 
  the first fucking thing you do when staging a coup is ... 
  kill or capture the sitting president and do not let him talk to the country via his fucking iphone ... 
  its mindboggling that most people have not figured this out yet . 
  fyi , this is not r/russia, 
  i said this in response to another redditor  so russia sends 10.000 troops across the border into the baltics , and you think the us will just be like : `` yeaaa , intervention really does not seem necessary to us '' try to stay realistic . 
  this is what the democratic party and hillary have done for almost a whole year though ... -  russia did it, 
  i get the feeling that it will spell the end of the eu , if she really did win , which i do n't think she will, 
  and what constitutes a ` new low ' ? 
  so russia sends 10.000 troops across the border into the baltics , and you think the us will just be like : `` yeaaa , intervention really does not seem necessary to us '' try to stay realistic . 
  europe has nukes too , so putin wont be that retarded . 
  european leaders just need to be able to put up a firm stance . 
  unlike the one they took when ukraine was basically invaded . 
  `` well we do n't know the facts yet so lets just wait '' is not going to work in the future . 
  it would be kind of hard for them to simply `` ignore '' article 5 , it is one of the founding principles of nato, 
  really ...  \u2022 collective defence means that an attack against one ally is considered as an attack against all allies source : [ here ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_110496.htm ), 
  they are ready to intervene if russia tries anything funny with a nato country . 
   particular focus is on le pen because she represents the same populist , anti-globalisation , anti-immigration positions that handed unexpected victories to trump and britain 's brexit camp . 
  i am very curious as to how le pen will do, 
  trump and gingrich can say whatever they want , nato article 5 still stands , they wo n't have a choice . 
  besides , it would be in their interest to intervene , otherwise nato would fall apart . 
  as i said in my other comment here , the generals and admirals will make this very clear to him . 
  would you like to explain how trumps keep taking it `` down a notch '' ? 
  i think people are blowing this `` bromance '' way out of proportion . 
  trump does not have any businesses in russia , or any interests . 
  all he said was , and i quote : `` i think it would be great if we could work together with russia '' thats it . 
  trump does not have know everything about europe , the baltics or ukraine , he will have security advisors , admirals and generals around him that will advise and steer him in the right direction . 
  so please , tone down this idea that trump and putin are bff 's and are going to make sure russia will rule all of eastern europe . 
  i refuse to believe that the us would not intervene if russia made a move on nato . 
  there is a reason for all those bases and troops stationed throughout europe . 
  they are not just for show, 
  see , the european parliamentary politicians are not detached from their constituence at all . 
  the way turkey is going , it looks like it might be the same as saudi arabia in about 20 years . 
  i did not say they do n't have valid reasons to flee the country . 
  what i agree with , is that it is not europe 's job to fix everyone 's problems around the world . 
  what does being a richer continent have to do with anything ? 
  because we have money and stability its our job to solve everyones issues ? 
  have you seen some of the amazing creations that have come out of the syrian cival war ? 
  i think there was even one that resembeld a wwi german tank !, 
  edit : [ this one ] ( https://cdn-images-2.medium.com/max/2000/1*4jong7ih4hnst0mib2rmrg.jpeg ) for example !, 
  awesome , now i can continue farming without having to worry about all those bullets constantly flying over my farm !, 
   `` we can not solve turkey 's problems by inviting all critical citizens to apply for asylum here . 
  that is exactly what he wants : the opposition disappears , '' said mayer . 
  hit the nail on the head . 
  its not europe 's job to solve their internal problems, 
  alright , it 's official . 
  erdogan 's party has lost the plot, 
  i do n't think the turkish government was supporting isis , but you have to agree that there was evidence that oil , troops , ammo and other support was coming and going over the turkish border, 
  well i dont see them getting into australia or drowning , so they are doing something right . 
  then do n't get onto a shitty inflatable boat with 100 + people . 
  look at australia , oh you want to come here illegally ? 
  fine , we 'll process you on some shitty island somewhere . 
  how fast did the numbers drop ? 
  ofcourse the west is helping isis . 
  thats why they are bombing the shit out of them everyday ... 
  that 's what i meant with state ( the om ) they are state prosecutors . 
  also i agree this has only given him more attention . 
  i do n't want him as the new pm , but i wouldnt mind him having some more to say in the new government . 
  i have always been a vvd guy , but after what they did with the pvda , ( water bij de wijn ) i do n't really trust them to do everything they say . 
   she cared about the future of the eu and the unity of the west . 
  the last part may be true , but she does not give a shit about the eu , otherwise she would not have advocated for all the conflicts that gave us the refugee crisis, 
  then the state should not have gone after him for this . 
  its their own fault .
