  i wo n't claim that . 
  but you have to be either blind or closing your eyes to not see that all over europe there are some connections between immigrants ( of a certain culture and belief ) that cause violence and crime a lot more than the natives . 
  for example being very overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  btw in sweden they will count a 2nd generation somali man , as a swede . 
  which is bullshit in my view, 
   suburb with one of the highest amounts of immigrants in the country so this area is : unsafe , crime everywhere and now riots where the police retreat could one call this a `` no-go zone '' ? 
   poor people and crime but this has nothing to do with the fact that they are immigrants who ca n't integrate properly , right ? 
  i will say i found this quite funny . 
  however john oliver himself says there is no hard proof for the ties between trump and putin . 
  just acusations . 
  he misspoke apparently , he was watching a fox news feature on immigration the night before . 
  sweden shows that taking in a ridiculous amount people ( of a completely different culture , i might add ) just does not work . 
  this sort of pathological altruism , is not helping these people , their lives are just as bad as they were , when they decided to go to sweden . 
   lying , cheating and ripping of unsuspecting customers is another . 
  not every single fucking business is like that though , comrade, 
  there will still be plenty of people willing to go through the administrative meatgrinder to get a job in the uk . 
  do n't forget london will still be a major financial center and people from all over europe will still be happy to move over there . 
  i really doubt there will be some sort of exodus of workers from the uk . 
  did not think i would read a headline like that today, 
  sure , just wait untill the uk is free to make their own trade deals , and make sure that both partners benefit , instead of the eu ( germany ) benefitting from their trade deals, 
   it 's the power to overthrow your leadership as also demonstrated by brexit, 
   you could almost compare the uk with north korea . 
  that 's stretching it a bit , do n't you think ? 
  less immigration , control over your borders and not to mention fishing grounds . 
  what a fucking disaster, 
   you resent the notion of somebody profiting from illness . 
  people will get ill regardless in my opinion . 
  in my view , the free market strives to improve its services . 
  if i can get better services ( or better prices ) at hospital a , i will go there instead of hospital b. 
   intentionally mismanaging key public services citation needed for that one . 
  also , is privitasation such a bad thing ? 
  i thought the uk government could barely keep up with the costs of the nhs, 
   things have been going downhill very rapidly . 
  what ` things ' ? 
  i agree that this law is very bad . 
  but what other things do you consider bad ? 
   technically the us is not a democracy well what is it then, 
  may was not elected though, 
  so le pen is at 27 % for the first round , macron at 22 % . 
  but in the second round macron is ahead of le pen , how does that work ? 
  edit : why the downvotes , i am asking a question . 
   populism fascism ah yes , the neo-nazi 's seem to be doing very well in the polls !, 
  come on man ... 
  it is apparently quite common that muslims in europe are a lot more conservative than in actual middle eastern countries , like syria ( before the war , of course ), 
  i fucking love your flair, 
  maybe in a 100 years or so . 
  though i doubt it . 
   now that may has provided the police with the ability to rummage through a year 's worth of every brit 's browsing history without a warrant , and given permission for the intelligence agencies to break into any computer and demand backdoors to be installed for any software or online service used in the uk it 's a serious shame the media does not talk more about this kind of stuff , instead of putting there focus on `` look at this vulgar stuff trump said '' this law is seriously fucked up and in direct opposition the supposed liberty and freedom that the uk stands for . 
   because native population is not exactly amicable towards them in the first place . 
  very , very anecdotal . 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't exactly use this as evidence in an argument . 
  there are plenty of people , especially in politics , who try to make integration work . 
  that does not mean they are doing it right however . 
  sure there are people that hate muslims or any other group of people just ` because ' . 
  but that goes two ways as well . 
  muslims that move to europe feel more comfortable in neighbourhoods with other muslims . 
  it 's not because europeans forced them to move into those neighbourhoods, 
  do you like men or women though ? 
  ... or both ? 
   mildy-attractive have you ever been to spain or italy ? 
  wow my country has seriously been mutilated . 
  what the hell is that thing sticking out at the bottom ? 
  unacceptable, 
  woop woop dutchland !, 
  also , wow albania , what 's in the tap water over there ? 
  oh and finally we have proof , the belgians are dumber than the dutch . 
  suck it belgium !, 
  yea lets celebrate the day this country turned into a theocratic shithole !, 
  do n't forget , putin rides bears into battle, 
  i prefer this form of protest over violent protest, 
  sooo , what is the tl ; dr ? 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes, 
  so maybe he is a nice guy after all and wo n't let russia annex you guys !, 
  my point stands , even if it was invented all at the same time , by white people , brown people , yellow people , why are white people getting most of the blame ? 
  yea , imagine getting offended . 
  that would be a total disaster . 
  what a retarded law, 
   slavery was known in the very oldest civilizations such as sumer in mesopotamia which dates back as far as 3500 bc [ ( here you go ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_slavery ), 
  jesus christ , im pretty sure slavery was a thing before the roman empire and the ancient greeks were around . 
  so who was it then ? 
  edit : if you 're just talking about the * atlantic * slave trade , then yes , that was a european invention . 
  the actual invention of trading slaves , happenend in the ancient middle east, 
   the official did not * confirm * that moscow was behind the attack . 
  but two other people with knowledge of the attack said the russian state was believed to have been behind it . 
  are we going to blame every single hack or attempted hacking on russia from now on ? 
  arabs and africans invented slave trade . 
  white people joined in , then ended it and apologised for it . 
  and who gets blamed for it every single fucking day . 
  you guessed it !, 
  white people !, 
  the logic is sooo hard to find here, 
  there is a bit of a difference between offensive speech , and preaching for some groups of people to be wiped off the face of the earth , do n't you think ? 
  no , there is not . 
  there is no law defending you from getting offended edit : i have been proven wrong , in germany there is apparently a law that prevents people from getting offended . 
  pathetic, 
  i 'm watching it now . 
  but the title does not promise much good edit : im 10 minutes in and this guy keeps talking about the `` west '' as if we all colectively decide to throw bombs all over the place and invade several countries . 
  im just living my life trying to make ends meet mate . 
  just because i live in the west and am white , does that make me evil ? 
   cue redditors whining about freeze peach yea free speech is sooo overrated , who needs that shit anyway,
