  thats the one yea !, 
  i see now it was 2015, 
  i 'm still pretty sure merkel will win again . 
  btw , could any german redditors explain why merkel is still quite high in the polls ? 
   a woman is * said * to have been raped in an apartment  the 30-year-old victim has been receiving treatment in hospital . 
  so what is she being treated for then ? 
  do n't bother mate , they are set in their opinion , molded by the amazing mainstream media . 
  people actually believe the shit the independent writes, 
  you never talk about sex and/or girls with your friends ? 
  i 'm not sure , but i think the last one was either in 2015 or 2016 , he was not a reporter but an open critic of putin and the government, 
  so when your hanging out with your buddies , drinking some beer , or whatever else . 
  you never talk about women in a slightly more vulgar way than you would in public ? 
  give me break man ... on the media thing , lets be honest , there is some pretty biased reporting on the guy , i wont deny that he flips flops sometimes , but everything trump does , will be spun in a negative light . 
  the abortion thing for example , every single time the president changes from democrat to republican or the other way around , this is enacted or removed . 
  the media is acting as if trump just banned abortion , its complete nonsense . 
   most men are sexist what the hell do you base this on ? 
  thats a good point !, 
  had not thought of that, 
  closer and closer to a dictatorship turkey goes . . 
  colour me shocked !, 
   but grande-synthe authorities have said the reason she was n't granted entry was because she failed to inform the organisations running the camp or the regional authorities that she was coming prior to her arrival what difference would it have made ? 
  would they have made sure everything was clean and tidy or something ? 
  true , i do n't really know why european natives would start to become more anti-semitic , i do n't really have an explanation for it ... 
  read some other comments of mine , i am in no way a `` putinbot '' nor am i a fan of him . 
  he does however do things which i would like to see western leaders do aswell , and no , i am not talking about annexing parts of other countries, 
  oh i know that , the number of produced armata 's probably wo n't be very significant, 
  that does not negate that there are plenty of problems inside our own country . 
  his point was that there are plenty of these problems yet they decide to focus on problems outside of the country , why do this ? 
  putin did say he wanted to modernize the russian armed forces , guess with this and the armata t-14 they are making some progress, 
  exactly , people can dislike and get angry at their governments just fine without russia 's help . 
  i think putin has done well for himself scaring everyone that even thinks about rising up against him and locking up/killing anyone that actually does something about it . 
  like writing an article or paper and getting shot in the head for it . 
  what a country, 
  i think it might be rising thanks to something else ... maybe like , mass-immigration ? 
  hang on , when did they have a refferendum on this ? 
  are my tax-euro 's going to this ? 
  because i never agreed to this . 
  violence is always such a great way to futher your cause , that way people will like you and end up joining you !, 
  / s these neo-nazi-druid hybrids are some serious retards, 
   illegally ` pushed back ' illegally ? 
  first country they arrive , that 's where ( according to the rules ) they should stay . 
  so actually , independent , its perfectly legal, 
  exactly , doing something about it would mean the french politicians would have to acknowledge that something is very wrong with these ghetto 's and suburbs . 
  and we ca n't have that now can we, 
  he will probably create another foreign enemy , like he did with ukraine , to keep his population occupied with something other than their money being worth nothing, 
  i suspect they keep an eye on it incase it sinks and they have to help the sailors off that floating rust bucket, 
  news the establishment doesnt like -  comes from russia , apparently, 
  well i guess you are on the other side then !, 
  no i think we are done here . 
  ive seen your username before in discussions , us two are never going to reach the same conclusions , but that 's okay . 
  as ive said in another comment on this thread . 
  it 's not that i dislike muslims period . 
  i dislike the ones that come to europe , force beliefs or norms upon us and expect us to change because they just moved in . 
  if you come/came here for a better life and want to work/learn etc and take part in society , fine !, 
  you are very welcome !, 
  but sad reality is my friend , that some of your brothers and sisters are fucking it up for the good ones . 
  surely you can see that ... 
  thanks for pointing it out , fixed it . 
  never said it did, 
  i 'm guessing you 're talking about the middle east between the 10th and 12th century right ? 
  kinda different nowadays though , is n't it, 
  what ? 
  did i miss spell something ? 
  you 're missing my point , they are basically acting like a ferry service nowadays, 
  very respectable , brave men who fought for their country and i commend them for it . 
  i seem to have some trouble finding similarities between these men and the morrocans we see in europe today , maybe that 's just me . 
   little man . 
  name calling always helps , i 'm totally convinced now, 
   this is an anti muslims / anti immigrants sub hmm i get the opposite feeling , maybe we are online at different times !, 
   france did a terrible job ah here we go . 
  `` it 's all our fault !, 
  do n't blame them !, 
  europeans have forsaken them and not helped them enough !!! '', 
  please stop with that utter bullshit . 
  europe has been trying to integrate muslims for 30 years . 
  it has failed . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you mean ? 
  i speak four different languages so i have no beef with anyone that speaks more than one . 
  i do n't get where you got that idea from, 
   of course , almost the same as sitting in their living room and i suppose you visit every muslims every day to see what they actually are watching then ? 
  so you have all the facts ? 
  what do you reckon all the sattelite dishes are for ? 
  watching chinese channels or something ? 
   yeah you 're very much ignorant sure man , i get the feeling you 're ignorant of reality . 
  but whatever, 
  if i tell you i do , would you believe me ? 
  probably not , so what 's the point of having a discussion about this . 
  i live in a city where there are plenty of muslims and i do come into contact with them , just for the record . 
  maybe , but right-wing european politicians are not the only producers of that, 
  right . . 
  except trump talks about deporting illegal immigrants . 
  not foreigners living legally in the us . 
   force them to have miserable lives so that they either leave france willingly or are forced to do unlawful acts in order to survive thing is though mate , the muslims living in france right now are not exactly trying their best to integrate . 
  i think this idea by le pen is retarded , but i do believe that muslims need to step up their game if they want to really integrate, 
  then send them back to the country of origin if they are not actually refugees ? 
  yeah ... 
  sorry miss le pen , but that is only going to make the whole integration thing a lot more tough . 
  you know , with foreigners not being able to speak french and no education . 
  unless you will deport all of them , this will bite you in the butt . 
  this !,
