  i know the first part well , but isnt the second part like old as fuck and never eeen sung anymore nowadays ? 
  really ? 
  never heard it , now im curious, 
  `` i mean well even though i 'm black ? '', 
  please explain, 
  mate please , when i was a kid i did n't think of zwarte piet being `` inferior '' to me as white kid , all i thought was : `` awesome there is zwarte piet !, 
  i hope he has some pepernoten ! '', 
  thats it . 
  do you really think they inventend zwarte piet to teach kids that all black were once slaves , and boy wasnt that a great time ?!, 
  there is nothing sinister about behind the whole thing . 
  btw i dont know if you were born here or came here when you were older , but you can point out stuff in dutch culture all you like , i am not going to agree to change it just because you feel offended . 
  if you hate it so much that it hurts , leave !, 
  its not a racist caricature , it was never intended to be one . 
  people find offense in anything today . 
  its a fucking fest invented for kids for christs sake . 
  `` haha , look at the black pete stupid fucking slave , i hate black people ! '', 
  said no one ever !, 
  it 's people like you that are enabling this kind of stuff to gain traction . 
  by saying you were once called a kaaskop i will extrapolate and say you are white . 
  who the fuck are you to tell the black people in the netherlands what they should be offended by ? 
  `` muh culture '' ?? 
  yea fuck it lets get rid of this culture bullshit , its only what defines a people as a whole , yes i agree zp is not such a big deal , but its a matter of principle , if we allow zp ( however much of a non issue it is ) to be removed just because 0,01 % of the population doesnt like it , it opens up the door to having many more things removed or banned , that not something i stand for . 
  apples and oranges , mate, 
  still doing it now ... 
  the whole zwarte piet bullshit is what happens when a country appologises too much for what happenend , people think they can get away with all kinds of retarded stuff nowadays, 
  really ... whats all this visa free travel bullshit about then ? 
  climb out from under your rock , mate, 
  keeping it classy , turkey, 
  you dont agree that the netherlands is a pretty damn socialist country ? 
  behind the iron curtain there was communism , not socialism, 
  the dutch really took your invention to the next level ... haha, 
  the eu is a contract between countries , but the rules arent enforced , that makes it a void contract ... 
  jesus christ , it already is !, 
  how many times does the wage gap have to be debunked ? 
  wage gap = bullshit earnings gap = real there is a difference, 
   who was armed just out for a drive with himself and his guns . 
  who doesnt like doing that every now and then ? 
  strange , i think it 's pretty clear what he was trying to do, 
  it 's funny , we can always bash christians and their religious leaders as much as we want . 
  but once we start poiting out some painful thruths about islam , the racist card is pulled out . 
  i feel like many people do n't understand what they are voting for . 
  changing a constitution that has been un-altered since 1921 30.000 turks voted in the netherlands today , by the way . 
  true , they have chechnya, 
  you ca n't be this dumb, 
   a larger picture needs to be seen and i feel you see stopping immigration as the silver bullet to stop all problems . 
  you 're right , its not the silver bullet that will fix it all . 
   just remember : diversity . 
  our . 
  strength . 
  if we keep repeating this , it will eventually become true , right ? 
  just ban all trucks , that should work, 
   what grounds do the pro-immigration side have to say that they are making their highly developed and stable nation better for future generations by taking in hundreds of thousands of people from unstable and violent societies that often have very little respect for tolerant societies like sweden ? 
  the answer , is zero grounds . 
  they do it so they can sleep better at night and feel good about themselves, 
  wake up to the fact that mass immigration and no integration , does not help , just makes things worse, 
  ah the old `` the chance of being killed by x is bigger '' missing the point , buddy . 
  here we go again . 
  ffs, 
  good on you , poland, 
  do n't get me wrong , bratwurst is awesome , but i think [ leberk\u00e4se ] ( http://bilder.t-online.de/b/id_75624642/tid_da/index.jpg ) is a strong contender for the number one spot . . 
  ukraine looks beautiful !, 
  ah yes ofcourse because without the eu the uk is doomed to sink into the sea . 
  in what world would the us be a military threat to the eu ? 
   they get the most out of it which is what ? 
  because europe is pretty much safe as long as the us is in nato, 
   `` a passionate plea '' jesus christ , you really loved obama eh ? 
  in your eyes he probably did nothing wrong . 
  even though his drone program killed thousands, 
  [ no , it 's not ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/04/25/obama-tells-complacent-europe-to-hike-military-spending/ ), 
   trump thinks like a businessman . 
  he wants us companies to sell more . 
  mate , the military-industrial complex is a lot older than trump and his presidency, 
  wow , that 's rich coming from the us, 
   they have neither the power nor the right to do this . 
  but as its biggest contributor , they certainly have some leverage over the others . 
   ` hosting ' their troops in europe  pretty sure the us pays for foreign deployments of their troops, 
   britain , estonia , greece and poland props to estonia , for a country their size and with their economy i 'm glad they are commited to nato as much as they are . 
  they make the other countries look pathetic, 
  this is like the complete opposite of the `` ratting out '' of parents the nazi 's forced upon children, 
  that 's retarded, 
  this refferendum really is the definition of a slippery slope, 
  oh wow you are butthurt with this whole brexit thing huh . 
  you 'll be even more sour in 10 years when the uk will be doing just fine, 
  they do n't if we take the total earnings of all men , and compare it with the total earnings of all women , yes there is a difference . 
  this is likely due to the fact that more men work than women , because women might prefer to be mothers and take care of the kids , for example . 
  but it is simply untrue that women earn less for doing the exact same work . 
  why would a company even hire men , if this were the case ? 
  the only reason for this supposed difference in pay you suggest , might be because women are less likely to ask for a raise or debate about their salary when applying for a job . 
  it is , but i thought it might be a lot sooner than that, 
  i want you to show me the text , or video or recording of trump actually saying something racist . 
  do n't worry i 'll wait . 
  oh and do n't try to come at me with the comment about criminals , rapists etc etc being among those that cross the border . 
  because it 's true , and trump did not say or imply that all mexicans are rapists, 
  the worst thing is , this is being funded with government money , right ? 
  and that 's part of the reason he was kicked out by his daughter, 
  wo n't truck drivers be replaced soon ( - ish ) by self driving trucks ? 
   if you want to look at integration , you need to look at the ethnic white dutch , he said . 
  ` who adapts to who if there is no majority ? , ' he said . 
  what kind of question is this ? 
  you adapt to the host country !,
