  they are the best in the world at them . 
  but somehow they fucked this one up ... yeah . . sure . 
   but then i also got ta admit that if i was someone who vocally supports the man donald himself , loved his wall plan and considers europeans to be cucks i 'd definitely come to a similar conclusion as you . 
  awkward that all these things are factually true about you , is n't it ? 
  wow you know me so well ... europeans are n't cucks in my opinion , they do have trouble dealing with facts that they do n't like . 
  you are one of those people . 
  haha , i understand what you are getting at , but you wo n't hear me debate like that . 
  i like pointing out that there are * genuine * differences in cultures and therefore people , that are migrating to europe . 
  i think that this can bring problems , and that we should be honest about them like i have said a billion times by now , if they come here , find a job , integrate and accept their new country as their own , they are more than welcome . 
  that also means they can practise whatever faith they want , as long as they do n't act violently on those beliefs . 
  if however , they decide to commit crimes , then they have earned their ticket back home . 
  ( if they do n't have citizenship that is ), 
  are n't you used to this kind of `` debating '' nowadays ? 
  it 's * tremendous *, 
  no , it 's not . 
  because it 's only part of the reason they commit more crime, 
   this is the trump derangement syndrome . 
  now sweden has to be held as a paragon of immigration success because trump told them they had problems . 
  everoyne disagreeing is either alt-right , neo-nazi , a `` drumpf supporter '' , possibly a fascist or maybe a russian agent under the payroll of putin . 
  we 're dealing with insanity here . 
  jesus this summarizes the left so well  this is the trump derangement syndrome also i am stealing this one for future use ... 
  right , thinking differently of people who like to throw gays of roofs and stone women to death , thats arbitrary ? 
  what the fuck man ( for the record i am talking about saudi arabia , not necessarily the migrants who recently arrived in europe ), 
  employment numbers are part of society, 
   some alt right guy living in sweden i know what guy you are talking about , but how in the hell is he ` alt-right ' have you ever even been to r/altright ? 
  then you will know what alt-right really is . 
  edit : nevermind , it 's already been banned . 
  that 's how bad it was, 
  funny that the netherlands is ahead of even the uk in trade with germany . 
  big economy for our small country , must be all those tulips ... 
  sorry but i do n't know what kind of comparison you are trying to make ? 
  there was a reason the electoral college was put in place . 
   this requires being open and honest about the impacts of immigration policy . 
  and this is the crux of it is n't it . 
  if we ca n't be honest about the dangers and potential problems mass-immigration can cause , without being called racist ( and all the other buzzwords ) , how can we work towards a solution ? 
   and our gastarbeiters are from * compatible countries * ( eastern europe , balkan , vietnam , mongolia etc. ) . 
  i bet this is a big contributor to the smaller difference in the unemployment numbers, 
  sorry , but i am not going to defend the electoral college again . 
  im tired of trying to make european people see the point of it . 
  for one , do n't take in so many that the immigration system ca n't handle all the asylum seekers , like in germany . 
  also , immigration is fine , if it is done at a reasonable pace , so the people that arrive ( and the system ) get a chance to integrate . 
  oh and while we are at it , people that actually * deserve * to come here , let those in , the others ? 
  back home you go !, 
   eu 8,6 %  non-eu 30,3 % that 's still a huge difference though, 
  i agree with you . 
  i think it is a mix of so many things though : culture , religion , work ethic , education , in-group preference ( i.e. 
  moving to the same neighbourhood as other people of your background ) which in turn creates ghetto 's , which in turn creates more crime and violence . 
  and countless other factors that are probably at play . 
   only showed that the police needs to rethink its diversity policy . 
  agree with this 100 %, 
  who does n't like free money ?!, 
  the people who have to pay for it through tax , that 's who, 
   this is merely another campaigning tactic . 
  the guy gets death threats on a daily basis mate . 
   according to the most recent study , people from foreign backgrounds are 2.5 times more likely to be suspected of crimes than people born in sweden to swedish-born parents . 
  in a later study , researchers at stockholm university showed that the main difference in terms of criminal activity between immigrants and others in the population was due to differences in the socioeconomic conditions in which they grew up in sweden so they are more likely to commit/or be suspected of a crime , but they quickly blame this on poverty . 
  ofcourse they do, 
   the stricter measures for refugees have been strongly criticized by human rights advocates . 
  amnesty international says the government is `` demonizing '' asylum-seekers . 
  once they arrive in turkey or greece , they are safe . 
  so ... tell me , why do they want to go futher into europe ? 
  i can think of a few reasons . 
  i like how hungary does not give a fuck and builds it anyway . 
  are you seriously suprised though ? 
  yea okay , but trump became president fyi, 
  translation ? 
  i do n't need cern to figure that one out though . 
  still , pretty cool piece, 
  awesome !, 
  i was in hinterglemm just a few days ago , where is this picture from ? 
  in the article they refer to how good the radar is that it carries and basically make the point that it is a very good fighter jet , compared to its competitors, 
  i thought the us themselves had a bit of a problem with producing ( being able to afford ) enough f-22 's . 
  i read somewhere the initial plan was to replace all f-15 's and f-16 's with the f-22 's but the air force settled for about 250 ? 
  ( i think ), 
   jewish extremists yeah they blow shit up all the time . 
  if the roles were reversed , imagine the uproar at the bbc , independent and the guardian, 
   there are some who continue to claim that governmental agencies working on environment-related topics are following an `` activist agenda '' and are `` lying about the reality of climate change '' . 
  i am not a climate change skeptic or denier . 
  i do believe however that all the so called ` models ' that scientists have set up , that predict things like `` the netherlands will be under water by 2050 '' etc. 
  are bullshit . 
  sure it might happen in the future , the far future that is . 
  and the point people try to make about how governments try to take advantage of this , is a fair point . 
  carbon taxes have been going through the fucking roof , oh you want to by a nice car ? 
  that 's great how about you go ahead and pay an extra 22 % tax on that because it has a bigger engine, 
  op , if we look at the polls that favored hillary in the us , how likely is it that these french polls will end up being very wrong ? 
  how accurate are they , is basically my question, 
   the vehicle forced the brothers to stop their car , and they were surrounded by several men whom they described as having a middle eastern appearance . 
  shocking, 
  sure go ahead . 
  close up that lefty echo chamber of yours just a little more . 
  have fun !, 
  well i suppose most people in europe feel like it 's heading more to the left image . 
  mostly thanks to erdogan 's antics, 
  lol, 
  european central bank thinks brexit is bad . 
  who would have thought that ? 
   that doesnt explain why that makes them the only ones responsible to deal with all these people . 
  in a shitty situation , there are only shitty solutions . 
  the ` better ' solution , is the one i just presented . 
  it 's my opinion that these refugees will be better off closer to home , than here in europe .
