   i ca n't believe there are actually people praising hungary 's fence and border guards , because all it does is redirect more refugees to other eu countries . 
  so we should just open up the doors to an unending flood ? 
  this is a little extreme, 
  even though his comparrison is kinda skewed , i get what he 's saying . 
  whenever someone claims to have done an attack for islam , it 's the person at fault and not islam as a religious system . 
  except in this case , it is apparently the system 's ( the army 's ) fault, 
   stopping the activities of ngos off the coast of libya - in the hope of reducing migration - but without strengthening state-led rescue capabilities , would be both irresponsible and ineffective . 
  what we need to do , is help them make their own countries stable . 
  thereby taking the whole reason for boarding those boats off the table, 
  great place to live !, 
  if you do n't mind horrible hygiene and dying from 1 inch cuts, 
  * god wills it *, 
  haha , still quite bad at spotting them i guess ... 
  that means your retarded , the fucking hammer and sickle is everywhere in that country, 
  i think the best way to solve the `` north korea problem '' is by having the population revolt . 
  any invasion from south korea or the us will result in seoul being turned into dust and millions of lives being lost, 
   there is no freedom of speech in germany well , in some cases you will get a police visit , just like the netherlands . 
   the arrival of refugees in germany was planned by the us with the intention of changing the german mentality and converting germans into liberals and cosmopolitans us did n't have to do anything , germans already are . 
  this wo n't end badly at all, 
  gon na need a citation for that bullshit claim buddy, 
  oh look , a virtue signaler !, 
  yea , 10.6 million votes is nothing . 
  help them fix their shit back home . 
  the biggest problem with mass immigration , is that educated people with money will be the first to leave . 
  who are exactly the people that are needed to fix their own countries . 
  this is called a braindrain . 
  far right this , far right that . 
  did any violence erupt ? 
  when the far-left has a protest , shit usually breaks and things get out of control . 
  stop making it look like the far-right is the biggest problem in europe right now, 
  what a coincidence , seeing as germany recently welcomed about 1 million new arrivals !, 
  i wonder if they are able to do these jobs !, 
  stop getting on the boats . 
  oh and italian navy , stop ferrying them to europe !, 
   the new french president is right to call for eu reform . 
  so many people have called for eu reform , has anyone ever listened ? 
   nationalism as an issue why is nationalism an issue ? 
  let people be proud of their country for gods sake, 
  im dutch first , european second, 
   people from california are way more different than people from missouri than germans are from bulgarians no , they are n't . 
  if you ask them if they feel like americans or like missourians , they will tell you americans overwhelmingly . 
  if you ask a bulgarian , if he is bulgarian or european , what do you think he would say ? 
  oh inb4 , actual europe is nowhere near as fond of the eu as the people on this sub . 
  back to the point , my point was , i do n't want other countries to pay `` extra '' because some countries are lagging behind . 
  if that 's the case , then they either should not have been able to join the eu , or should leave, 
   these scumbags will risk destroying the entire project to protect their chances in the next election . 
  the same can be said about the politicians of the european union . 
  they will do anything to retain their power . 
  even lie and cheat . 
  the referenda that were held about an eu constitution in the netherlands and france ended up with a `` no '' vote . 
  yet they basically just implented it under another name . 
   who are ` they ' in your story ? 
  the european commission , its right at the start of the article . 
  yes it needs to be approved first , that why i said it was a plan , and an insane one at that . 
  my point was that they ( european commission ) feel like they have so much power , they 're able to suggest something as insane as this, 
  the us is one country , the eu is not and it probably never will be . 
  there is too much difference between for example , the germans and the bulgarians . 
  people from arizona are not very different to people from montana , for example, 
   the stronger states need to subsidise the weaker states to a much larger degree than is currently happening so basically , socialism on a supra-national scale . 
  sounds awesome, 
  you have to be joking . 
  r/europe showing its true colours . 
  what the actual fuck, 
  let 's have a referendum on that, 
   to subvert continental european opinion by populist tabloids  said johan hufnagel , managing editor of the * leftist * daily lib\u00e9ration so , only one kind of opinion is allowed to influence elections , eh ? 
  like i said in another thread , reforms are necessary and they need to take mistrust seriously . 
  the basic idea of a free trade and moving zone was great . 
  what has happenend now , is that the eu has become a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  they try to fix everything with more and more regulations , which only halts economic progress and has very little benefit . 
  in my personal opinion , they need to take a step back from trying to micro-manage all the member states . 
  an example of one of the most retarded eu plans , is the one where they want to fine member states 250.000 euros per migrant they do n't except into the country . 
  who do they think they are ? 
  you have no idea how capitalism actually works , do you comrade ? 
  do n't like the quote ? 
  because it is painfully accurate, 
  right , but we will never truly reach 100 % automation for many things , we will still need humans . 
   instead of blindly accusing those who vote for these people of being racist and fascists and shutting them down , we might want to try and find out why these people are so angry and address those issues . 
  what a radical idea !, 
   fascism / \u02c8f\u00e6\u0283\u026az\u0259m / is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism , [ 1 ] [ 2 ] characterized by dictatorial power , forcible suppression of opposition , and control of industry and commerce . 
  does this sound like le pen to you ? 
  dictatorial power ? 
  forcible suppression of opposition ? 
  and the best one : control of industry and commerce ? 
  stop using `` fascism '' as some stupid buzzword . 
   7 reforms are necessary - 8 take mistrust seriously these should be points 1 and 2 instead of this crap 1 . 
  europe must not fail 2 . 
  peace is at stake, 
   discontent with immigrations ; cleary not enough discontent, 
  not sure that will go over very well in world opinion . 
  i prefer just returning any migrants they find at sea , to libya, 
   macron has little experience or record in foreign policy . 
  most french politicians climb the greasy pole of french policymaking for two or three decades before they make much of a stir . 
  macron , in contrast , is 39 years old and has little experience in policymaking . 
  he has never been elected to office wow , remember when this was the number 1 reason not to elect trump ? 
  no one seems to care now . 
  15 years ago le pen would never even have gotten 35 % , so yes , it kinda is a victory for her, 
   some $ 1,000 and free plane tickets home are part of a largely eu-financed ` reintegration ' package expensive , but worth it , i would say . 
  besides , is is losing ground everyday , so syria and iraq will get safer, 
  well , she and her supporters are better losers than hillary supporters . 
  do we see anyone rioting and protesting because she did not win ?
