  also , d66 and gl are much closer than d66 and cu i know this , but there are 2 right-wing ( ish ) parties and then d66 . 
  i do n't want another government like vvd and pvda , because then all you have is this useless ruling kabinet down the middle , where no one can agree on anything . 
  then europe will respond accordingly, 
  oh god please do n't go with groenlinks !, 
  what about cu ( christenunie instead ) ? 
  i agree !, 
  but it 's still a shame they were not able to do anything before this happened, 
  it 's always such a shame when you read stuff like this . 
  they ( mi5 ) apparently already knew the guy ... yet they were probably unable to do anything thanks to lack of evidence, 
  i 'm hopefull that security forces are able to stay on top of things . 
  like the london police chief said , they have to get it right everytime , a terrorist only has to get lucky once, 
  if you throw away your passport , and claim you are a refugee , you will taken in , fed , provided with shelter and an allowance . 
  so yes , you could actually come from romania , and start living for free . 
  it wont be a great life , but it will be free nonetheless, 
  migrants \u2260 refugees, 
  well i guess you do n't let them in , unless they have usefull skills !, 
  what a radical idea !, 
  how can anyone be in favor of migrant welfare ? 
  it does not help these people !, 
  it just makes them dependent on the government . 
  immigration - welfare state . 
  now pick one , because you ca n't have both, 
  and basically laid the ground work for wwii, 
  it 's pretty fucked up regardless mate, 
  there really is zero substance here . 
  heroic actions !, 
  keep calm , well done police !, 
  the definition of insanity, 
  so it did n't end up being two people ? 
  1 guy in the car , 1 guy stabbing near parliament ? 
  ah yes of course , because good ol' richard here stands to gain nothing from globalism , right ? 
  i wonder how many they will have to let go due to lack of evidence . 
  i do hope , ( if they are the ones who committed this attack ) that they give up as many of their extremist buddies as possible, 
  i had nothing to do with nationalism , it had to do with tension between the alliances, 
   hope they will be able to peacefully change the government when the time comes knowing erdogan he will go balistic and blame some other group for a defeat at the polls , then he will probably start a civil war with his loyalists in the army, 
  populism is what you get if you ignore a big part of your population and their wishes and fears . 
  because when these people do n't feel represented by you anymore , they will swing to the more extreme , be it left or right, 
  everyone , including the uk , russia , france , germany and austria hungary were responsible . 
  all the military leaders were just waiting for an excuse to go to war with all these exciting new weapons they had . 
  besides , austria hungary actually * started * the war , germany got all the bad reputation , for some reason . 
  no fucking way , jesus christ ... 
  whoever is behind it , i will be right there with you bashing either that person or their motives . 
  but untill that is clear , let 's wait to pass judgement, 
  i thought coppers in the uk did n't carry guns ? 
  is there an exception made for police near parliament ? 
  edit : jesus you can see the blood streaming from that persons neck in the first picture edit2 : thanks for the responses guys, 
  not very graphic, 
  let 's wait for facts before we go apeshit at eachother again ... 
  but hang on , this says a car mowed down 5 people ? 
  let 's wait for facts, 
   after reports emerged that the french presidential hopeful was paid $ 50,000 for facilitating the rendezvous . 
  ah so it 's putin 's fault that francois fillon went along with this ? 
  what a great headline, 
  russia : `` he tripped '', 
  really , then would they not agree that with that kind of thinking , the only option left is , to either wall the whole of molenbeek off , or ship them all back to the middle east ? 
  yea we should just leave them alone and nothing bad will happen . 
  jesus fucking christ the denial is staggering, 
   `` we knew he was back , '' said a senior belgian law enforcement official . 
  `` everyone in molenbeek had been talking about it for over two weeks , '' and no one went to the police . 
  shocking, 
   this comes after allegations of censorship have affected uk universities , with the times reporting that * 94 per cent * of campuses have some form of restriction on freedom of expression insane that it has gotten this far . 
  universities are meant to be places where your ideas are challenged , not confirmed or protected because it might hurt your feelings, 
  incase people thought international espionage was a dead and a relic from the cold war, 
  turkey is not european in my book, 
  i know the ama has not started yet , but i 'll just leave my question here in advance . 
  how do you feel about the direction twitter , youtube and facebook are going in terms of censorship ? 
  to add some context i saw several videos on youtube yesterday which showed that alternative media channels , were not viseable while in `` restricted mode '' ( kiddy mode basically ) but the likes of cnn and cnbc were still viseable . 
  then of course the hot mic moment angela merkel had with mark zuckerberg about the anti-immigration stuff . 
  oh and twitter does not mind banning people who have opinions they do n't like , but it takes them quite a while to get rid of isis accounts , for example . 
  as a dutchman , this offends me, 
  the only reason i would be in favour of a `` european army '' would be to launch an invasion and remove this fucking idiot from of power . 
  i realise that , and i am not advocating for arresting people based on just owning a certain flag . 
  but the fact that they had a gun and police arrested them for a different reason . 
  ( i am guessing online traffic they intercepted ) means these guys are not boyscouts, 
   at least in a german prison we could hinder or monitor them better , to stop them from radicalizing others . 
  yea , the uk is having quite a bit of trouble getting that done . 
  but good luck !, 
  would you rather have them out of your country , or have them go to prison and radicalise some more people ? 
  i know which one i would choose, 
  i 'm glad belgium is doing quite well in terms of curbing extremism . 
  now just the integration part . . 
  i think op is talking about the kurds in iraq and now in syria as well . 
  not that iraq would allow them to just split off , but they do have some sense of autonomy, 
  how credible is this threat really though ? 
  russia does the same things to everyone . 
  have bear bommers fly seriously close to nato members air space , submarine incidents in the baltic sea etc. 
  i doubt putin is retarded enough to launch a full scale invasion of sweden . 
   flag and a gun an islamic state flag . 
  not the local football team flag is are not known for being very nice guys, 
   lower saxony interior minister boris pistorius said the deportations would take place as soon as possible , and certainly before mid-april . 
  nevertheless , this is good development, 
  do they hold bulgarian passports ? 
  because then would n't they be legit voters ? 
  still pretty badass how they managed to conquer it all . 
  shame they fell apart from within , thanks to their decadence . 
  i am genuinely worried about what turkey will look like in say , 15 or 20 years . 
  will it be like iran , or syria ? 
   police have checked on a quarter of all molenbeek residents in past year . 
   police in the brussels district of molenbeek have uncovered 51 organizations with suspected ties to terrorism so they checked 1/4th of molenbeek , and found 51 groups already . 
  is n't multiculturalism great guys ?
