  you may want to x-post this to / r/randomactsofcards, 
  well , i , personally am with you on this . 
  the problem is , i am not the one in charge . 
  our leaders have handed over much of our autonomy to europe now , which is yet another layer further away from me . 
  the netherlands is throwing all morals out the window for some trade deals . 
  you can see it in the olympics : the members of pussy riot that were arrested yesterday had a meeting with our priminister just weeks ago . 
  what the dutch delegation should have done was pack up and leave immediately after the arrests . 
  but no . 
  because trade agreements . 
  i try to make people around me understand this , but i 'm not making any friends with that ... 
  she 's right to wear that . 
  the kid 's gloves have come off weeks ago , and trusting the other side with her life would be naive at this point . 
  it says thatbthe thread is deleted anyway . 
  i 'm confused . 
  why was it deleted ? 
  the netherlands : the royal abdication + succession . 
  we are under new management . 
  awesome !, 
  wow !, 
  that was beautiful . 
  thank you !, 
  edit : also for reminding me i really really want to enroll in singing classes . 
  yep . 
  it helps that my door has huge windows in it though . 
  i can see who it is ( and they me - once they have entered my yard ), 
  done !, 
  it took me a while to find a good one , but i managed  i used to rent an appartment right on the town square , had frontrow seats to the city hall , the cheese market and all the other pretty stuff . 
  i miss that . 
  of course , i do n't miss shelling out rent every month ( bought a house when i moved away ) . 
  anyways . 
  drop me a line when it arrives ? 
  as a citizen of a cheese-producing country , i approve of this message on general principle , 
  haha , you really ought to taste some gouda from an actual farm near gouda . 
  ah almost tastes like plastic in comparison !, 
  of course not  the real stadhuis of course . 
  where they actually do the cheese thing for the tourists in the summer  are you a fellow goudse kaaskop ? 
  hum . 
  i re-read the post , and i think you 're right . 
  this will be quite hard to accomplish though . 
  maybe op should request us to put the cards in plain envelopes addressed to him . 
  or have us send everything to an external address ( like a po-box or a friend or something ) . 
  i think the point is to give all the cards at once , on her birthday , which unfortunately is impossible to accomplish sending individual cards through international mail . 
  anyways , ca n't speak for op here of course , 
  yeah , but i think op is doing the right thing here by not givin out her address to random internet strangers , but rather hand out his own . 
  gouda dude here , will gladly send a postcard of our-city-hall-plus-a-stack-of-cheese-in-front , 
  odd . 
  it 's working now . 
  thanks though , 
  a problem to them , mind you . 
  not to us . 
  the link seems to be broken, 
  source ? 
  if you seriously interpret the question `` will you give up your king/queen '' as to be posed to you , then , well ... naw , you know what was meant . 
  quit trolling please . 
  that is not for the eu to decide . 
  we the people are the ones who get to decide that , and i guarantee you that the answer to the questrion `` will you give up your king/queen '' is a resounding no . 
  i know it has [ an awesome military defence ] ( http://unnamedharald.hubpages.com/hub/fortress-switzerland ) ( it can blow up any infrastructure should somebody try to invade , including bringing down the sides of mountains . 
  do n't mess with them ) . 
  because the purpose of every organisation is to grow as large as it can , no exceptions . 
  government does not exist to make life easier for the individual , it exists to keep the masses docile . 
  edit : hurray , downvotes without explaining why i 'm wrong !, 
  :d r/europe , i expected nothing more from you :d, 
  i was mostly annoyed . 
  the guilder was a stable currency and we saw the storm of the mediterranean countries coming ( hard to miss if you looked at the exchange rate of ( for instance ) the italian lira ) . 
  oh how i hated having to calculate everything back and forth !, 
  besides , i think people in corporate governed murica need to stfu real quick before they pass judgement on others . 
  the dutch monarch does n't wield any executive power . 
  try again ? 
  edit : also no legislative power btw . 
  what utter nonsense !, 
  our royal family serves the most important role imaginable : they ** \\* keep the ultimate power out of reach of powermongers \\* ** seriously . 
  it 's not hard to understand . 
  edit : some spelling, 
  true . 
  i should have written `` we in general '' . 
  prince friso is still in a coma . 
  queen beatrix has been visiting him weekly on fridays , faithfully reading to him . 
  it ' a stories like this that make us dutchies truly connect to our royal family . 
  suddenly , our queen is no longer just our queen , but a mother , going through one of the hardest ordeals there are . 
  and she does it quietly and with dignity . 
  her dignity and compassionate side are what makes me love my queen . 
  look at me being all royalist . 
  we consider our future king a nice guy so far . 
  we are very fond of our royal family here . 
  but bear in mind that they hardly have any real power anymore . 
  if anything , they serve as caretakers of the nation . 
  their role is mostly behind the scenes ; the image of our country , social relations with other heads of state , etc. 
  we 'll see how willem-alexander chooses to reign . 
  personally , i have the highest faith . 
  friso , the prince in coma , is still in a coma . 
  have n't heard news on that front for a while now . 
  no it is n't . 
  direct elections or bust . 
  immediate disbanding of european commission , followed by elections for a new one . 
  it shows how many people interpreted the question as `` is your country part of the eu '' vs `` are you more a citizen of europe than your country '' . 
  exactly . 
  on the 8th day , the dutch created holland . 
  it 's only a slight overstatement , because it took us more than one day to do it, 
  what are your thoughts on this ? 
  you know perfectly well that in this context , `` europe ' does not mean the continent .
