there are not many students in the netherlands who can afford cars . 
  we have public transport , and it 's free for students . 
  that 's 550 less on your list . 
  it is now 41 years old ; built in 1973 . 
  disclaimer : i have sold it since . 
  edit : yes , * after * having it repaired , 
  i know - it 's part of why i said it , 
  hell no , we wo n't go !, 
  :d trust me , they appreciate those as much as we appreciate the luikse wafels , 
  then finally the european council would get the austerity it wants !, 
  i like your plan !, 
  you bring some beer , i 'll bring cheese . 
  we 'll work something out , okay ? 
   edit : can also provide kroketten and stroopwafels if needed, 
  hey , where you guys cut spending on infrastructure , we cut it on education , 
  no , but they are in this case really indicative . 
  i even drove into a hole on the ring of antwerp once . 
  mind you , that 's a freaking highway !, 
  luckily i was only going 100 km/h and managed to break to only 80 , but it still damaged my vintage vw bus . 
  seriously , avoid belgium if you can . 
  your point ? 
  you 're right . 
  it was also about that . 
  but you get my point . 
  i find it stunning how little they care about getting the facts right ... ... but that 's exactly as expected from faux news . 
  and that is what jp meant with `` the voc mentality '', 
  it 's called `` security by obscurity '' . 
  cherish it . 
  apart from all the good answers here , also please do n't confuse what a government does or says with the will or opinion of the population . 
  dude , chill . 
  i 'm just worried . 
  this reminds me of a conversation i had with a ukrainean redditor i had a year ago when parliament introduced the censorship laws and people started protesting . 
  he was certain that the country was safe and he did n't need to prepare . 
  i have no control over when you feel insulted . 
  wow . 
  thanks for clearing that up then . 
  and so eloquently , too . 
  well ... there is the matter of the anthem : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anthem_of_europe, 
  agreed . 
  although i truly fear that op is correct in the second part . 
  all fossil fuels are a finite resource anyways . 
  if anything , focussing on renewable energy sounds like the visionary thing to do . 
  solar , wind and water . 
  also biomass and nuclear . 
  after all , the only way to not be vulnerable to blackmail over a limited resource is to not depend on that resource ... edit : nuclear fission is also heavily dependant on a finite resource ( uranium and/or plutonium ) . 
  fusion is as well ( hydrogen ) , but since fusion is not ( yet ? ), 
  harnessed yet , and hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe , you can safely assume it to be abundant ( but not infinite ! ), 
  they aren ' t hungry in ukraine , afaik . 
  those poor people stuck on the mountains in iraq though ... 
  ... which has precisely zero to do with the consequences of picking a fight with a nuclear power that has demonstrated being very willing to escalate the situation itself . 
  am dutch , am ashamed to predict that there will be a deafening silence . 
  for one , it 's russia , and we are a dwarf by comparison . 
  second , we have a right-wing government . 
  trade will prevail over collateral damage . 
  the civilians , meanwhile , will demand action right until the oh look celebrity tv !, 
  edit : letters, 
  the buddhist in me says that the circular nature of history predicts that that nation , too , will one day crumble . 
  so i 'm indifferent to the idea , really . 
  as long as it would n't bring more corrupt politicians to the table . 
  but hey , a bigger pie means less players , right ? 
  you know what , i agree , and you changed my view a little in the process . 
  all politics are populism in essence , how else would you get the popular vote . 
  populism is just directed at what 's left after you ignore all idealisms like the classic right and left , or the green movement . 
  it 's directed at `` the common man '' . 
  i thought populism was simply to make popular promises to get the votes , not because you care about the people but because you care about getting elected ? 
  \\* snort \\* haha , 
  wow . 
  i admire their dedication to the joke . 
  wow , thanks for clearing that up !, 
  what exactly do they mean by `` satirical '' though ? 
  can people really vote for them ? 
  if so , i would n't call it satire anymore . . ? 
  heh  while i agree that their willingness to do something like this is a big plus ( willing to be unorthodox , move away from status quo ) , i have no reason to trust that they have my best interests at heart , nor that they have a vision on europe . 
  so far , all i 've seen is `` tl ; dr we 're different plz vote 4 us '' . 
  not saying they have no good points , just saying they did n't manage to communicate them with this clip . 
  of course , i 'm not german so i might have missed them ... and i ca n't vote for them anyways , even if i wanted . 
  ah , thanks for clarifying !, 
  after re-reading your comment , i see i indeed misread the first time , 
  i am a westerner , and i do get it though . 
  am i the exception to your rule ? 
   do not confuse critical thought with a rejection of a principle , my friend ... 
  so , what you 're saying is , i 'm not wrong , correct ? 
  maybe the juxtaposition of my remark about the similarities between the method on the one hand and my observation that they are terying to rebuild the ussr on the other was a bit confusing ( okay , it was  ) . 
  please do not draw conclusions about my opinion  ( because i completely agree that the socialist model has enormous merit . 
  wow . 
  yet another parallel with the runnings-up to nazi germany . 
  i wonder if they are aware of this , and therefore doing this deliberately . 
  there is little doubt in my mind though , that they are trying to rebuild the ussr as it was pre-collapse . 
  am i wrong ? 
  am i alone in worrying when corporations get to buy armies ? 
  no corporation ever has given something away without expecting a return with interest . 
  that would be bad buisness . 
  edit : wait . 
  it 's a joke ? 
  we do . 
  our kids are not to think the whole world is made out of rubber . 
  best they learn that early , 
  helmets are for small children in the netherlands . 
  adults are presumed to not cry when they fall off their bikes , 
  cool !,
