  bob barker is awesome in that respect . 
  just with one tiny little phrase , i bet he made a lot of people think twice about adoption . 
  it 's just that certified breeders and backyard breeders are two very different cups of tea . 
  nice , looks like they provide support all around . 
  thanks , i 'll definitely keep those in mind !, 
  heh , the thing is that my current shoes are comfortable ( they 're just regular new balance somethingorothers ) . 
  i just do n't know if they 're ideal for the type of movement i 'll be doing . 
  thanks , i 'll check out nfinity . 
  awesome !, 
  this is exactly the type of info i 've been looking for !, 
  so it 's better to go with a lower heal in general ? 
  the merrells look great , but they do n't seem to have much side support ... 
  and yet you take the trouble to watch both the miley and the jon lajoie song , and then comment about it . 
  you are awesome and deserve awesome things . 
  good luck !, 
  i pitched in !, 
  i think you mean something like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwbfdsck20c, 
  i do the same thing before practice , and i find it really helps ( i go slower than he does in the video though , and facing the other way ... 
  i find slowing such stretches down makes them more deliberate ) . 
  there 's also another similar exercise with the resistance band ... but rather than holding your arm bent at a 90-degree angle , you straighten your arm and hold it out at a 45-degree angle , moving the entire arm back and forth using the resistance of the elastic . 
  hope that makes sense !, 
  that and when he scratches his butt . 
  got ta have your priorities , man . 
  i 'm wondering how you react when the dog does pee . 
  do you scold him ? 
  give him a firm `` no '' ? 
  do you let it go , take him outside , and clean up ? 
  your reaction and general demeanour might be adding to your dog 's stress ( if it is indeed a stress issue -- it has only been 2 weeks after all , and that 's a huge adjustment for him ... and in addition to that , he 's sick ) . 
  i agree with izsmith 's advice that you should manage your dog 's surrounding at all times ... and if you see that he starts to sniff around a bit , take him outside . 
  reward him for peeing outside . 
  and indeed , a trainer who comes to your house should not be squirmish about the fact that he 's sick . 
  i just realized that you posted this in r/dogcare . 
  have you tried r/dogtraining ( since it may be behavioural ) ? 
  i 'm at work right now , but i 'll try to respond later in the day . 
  in the meantime , try r/dogtraining . 
  indeed . 
  you can train your dog to better deal with separation anxiety by associating the separation with something positive ( i.e. 
  your return , treats , toys , etc. ) . 
  source : i 'm a dog trainer . 
  i think thelordsnod has the right idea , he just used the term `` discipline '' ... which is probably not ideal . 
  also , i agree that that environment is sterile as fuck . 
  op 's buddy needs to make that kitchen fun for the dog . 
  yup , as kittenpantzen said , your best bet is to check r/dogtraining ; i 'd do a search on `` leash aggression '' or `` leash reactivity '' , as those topics have been addressed a number of times in the past . 
  i could give you advice , but it would start by asking you a bunch of other questions first . 
   have a look through r/dogtraining , and if you have n't found what you were looking for , feel free to pm me . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i 'd like to know which law this is governed by ... and whether or not it affects people on scooters as well . 
  damn those people . 
  thanks !, 
  not in september . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  however , it 's a bigger issue than that , unfortunately . 
  people are a ) proud , and b ) stubborn . 
  whoever the owner of this dog is , i 'll bet she is mighty proud that she has such a tough-ass dog who loves her so much that he wants no one else near her . 
  do high schools have homecoming in the states ? 
  cuz ' if not , that means she 's at least 20 ... and on her first date . 
  man , i am really overanalyzing this . 
  i do n't know about box turtles specifically , but turtles can be very territorial in general ( there have been posts about this on this subreddit in the past ) . 
  you are anthropomorphizing quite a bit when you say `` she seems very lonely and would like a friend '' by the way -- what you 're seeing is your interpretation of the matter , and not your turtle 's -- they do n't have the same notion of friendship that we do . 
  what you may have seen with her reacting to the picture could have been a `` wtf is this '' type reaction rather than a `` oh yay , a friend ! '', 
  reaction ... though my knowledge on turtle eyesight is not the greatest ... perhaps someone else could address that matter . 
  anyway , i would be hesitant to get her another turtle . 
  if your turtle is used to repto-min , try feeding him [ mazuri fresh water turtle diet ] ( http://www.mazuri.com/turtle.aspx ) turtle pellets . 
  not every pet store has them , so you might have to purchase them online . 
  they 're a complete diet , so no need for supplements such as veggies , proteins , calcium , etc. 
  my vet recommended it , and my turtle has taken to it quite well ( surprisingly , because she was an incredibly fussy eater ) . 
  and what studies have you done to prove this ? 
  cuz ' my vet did a bunch . 
  with other vets . 
  that 's what they do . 
  they study shit . 
  the whole point of offering our pets `` pet food '' is because it provides complete nutrition , which is something that we humans are often not educated enough or motivated enough to do ( that 's why i give my cat `` cat food '' ) . 
  that being said , i realize that not all commercial pet foods are created equal . 
  that 's why foods like repto-min specifically say that we need to supplement the turtle diet with other foods such as veggies , insects , etc. 
  if you check out the mazuri website , and probably other sites commenting on it , you 'll see that they specifically say that the nutrition is complete . 
  and i have the back-up of my turtle 's vet on that , so i 'm good and my turtle 's good . 
  no , i totally understand . 
  i 'd be wary too if the vet had n't been the one to suggest it . 
  but apparently these people make food for zoo animals and stuff ( ca n't remember where i read that , unfortunately ) , so they 're the real deal . 
  i was wondering if it was old montreal too !, 
  was n't the whole series like that ? 
  agreed . 
  i have the same . 
  except in my case , it 's people giving them to me when they travel . 
  i am apparently the turtle girl . 
  dang , just realized i linked it to the `` transports '' section of the article . 
  my bad . 
  similarly , `` i do n't watch tv . '', 
  like everyone who does is an instant moron . 
  come on , man . 
  the dude that 's standing right in front of the painting so he can make the entire painting his background is an entirely different level of douchebaggery . 
  he 's blocking everyone else 's view , for one . 
  and he 's making it not about the art , but about him with the art . 
  i 'll give you this . 
  he is * perhaps * ... * perhaps * taking pictures of the crowd . 
  perhaps . 
  you appear to be the one really worked up about this . 
  also , it 's not `` next to , '' is it . 
  good day to you as well . 
  maybe he 's speaking as borg to future borg .
