  veterinary visits are traumatizing as it is , and there 's no need to worsen the situation by being stupid about handling the animal . 
  bedside manner ( and handling , in this case ) is as important for animals as it is for humans . 
  i hope you made a formal complaint . 
  the staff from this place should look into getting some training from an animal behaviourist . 
  ( if you want , i could give you a few names . ), 
  i am so sorry ... 
  i had written out a reply to you on my iphone , but i think i must 've forgotten to actually hit send , and i just realized today that it never went through . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  jacinthe bouchard ( who i took animal behaviour classes from ) and jean lessard ( the guy on animo , if you ever watch that ) are good places to start . 
  they both have their own websites , so you should be find just to google them for contact info . 
  other than that , there is a guy named michel plante ( http://www.michelplantetherapeutecanin.com/acceuil/ ) who has been working as a vet tech ( the kind that can prescribe medication , so almost a vet ) for years and years . 
  he recently got into the behavioural aspect of animals , and i 'm sure he 'd be willing to give a training session to other clinics if they contacted him ( he 's more aware of the goings on of a vet clinic , and he 'd probably be less expensive than jacinthe or jean ) . 
  hope this helps . 
  again , i 'm sorry for the delay . 
  the fact that her mom goes to hide in a cupboard rather than get her daughter the fuck out of the house is beyond me . 
  kitchen mom is the real mom . 
  wow . 
  hehe ... nope . 
  took it exactly as it was . 
  what , italian men have no pride ? 
  good for you for taking the time to do research . 
  i 'm not sure what your riding is , but i 'm in the same boat and voting qs . 
  i was really impressed with the amount of effort they put into this election . 
  my boyfriend asked amir khadir a question on twitter , and he responded via youtube . 
  and our candidate ( manon mass\u00e9 ) even called me ( my boyfriend had told them i was undecided ) so that i could ask her any questions i wanted . 
  to me , staying in touch with your public is massively important , and no way you will get that kind of shit from the liberals or pq . 
  i was happy with the responses i got to my questions ( i told her i am in no way a sovereignist , and she proceeded to tell me about how they would go about planning a referendum , should people decide to have one ) so i 'm voting qs . 
  also , amir khadir is a total bitch in parliament , and i love that . 
  i 'd rather have the naivety of fran\u00e7oise david than the corrupt blas\u00e9 attitude of charest . 
  any day . 
  this article helped a lot : http://urbania.ca/blog/3297/manon-masse-par-dela-la-moustache, 
  the bit about implying that obama was telling him to shut up and go fuck himself was what did it in for me . 
  i mean ... come on . 
  there are ways to make your political opponent seem like the bad guy , but implying that kind of shit is just blantantly disrespectful . 
  i thought eastwood was a classy guy ... : - /, 
  and do n't forget this : http://www.radio-canada.ca/sujet/elections-quebec-2012/2012/05/04/001-interactif-boussole-electorale.shtml, 
  i think it 's mpp ( member of provincial parliament ) . 
  but yeah , maybe it 's different for quebec . 
  i 'll upvote a basset any day . 
  yeah , it 's just responding to anger with more anger . 
  my boyfriend , who is francophone , sent this to me thinking i might like it . 
  i was like . . `` uh ... is this how you think of me ? '', 
  `` hilarious hijinks '' ensued . 
  heheh ... it 's funny how people always go to jay baruchel as the representative for all montreal anglophones . 
  hehe ... 
  it remained civil . 
  je comprends la blague , pardon . 
  i was thinking alien vs. 
  i mean ... fuck yeah !!!, 
  shit ... 
  i think essentially it 's about respecting the people who speak that language . 
  stop making it an `` us vs. them '' thing , and stop inferring that one language is more important to preserve than the other ( and yes , this includes signs that show one language in a larger font than the other ... seriously , who the fuck cares ... what is the actual practicality of that notion anyway ? ) . 
  they are both interesting , amazing languages and both are very practical in qu\u00e9bec , in canada , and throughout the world . 
  we should be trying to protect them both , focus on them both equally in schools , etc. 
  knowing english is not a threat ; it 's a huge benefit for your culture , for your personal advancement , etc. 
  ditto for french . 
  i 'm the same way . 
  i 've been speaking french for over 20 years and i still get insecure when people correct me . 
  try not to take it personally ( that 's as much of a message to myself as it is to you ) . 
  your username is awesome . 
  sure , je comprends . 
  marcia cross and teri hatcher ( desperate housewives ) both appeared on seinfeld ( i know that 's not 3 , but ) . 
  not that big a deal . 
  came here to ask this . 
  hurray for feeding stereotypes !, 
  plus where 's the hand-rolled cigarette ? 
  you 're nice . 
  it 's best not to ask why people downvote stuff . 
  you know ... if you want to maintain your sanity . 
  i used to live near a place on jarry and gasp\u00e9 , p\u00e2tisserie mercier . 
  do n't know if they 're the best , but the one or two cakes that i tried from them were pretty damn good . 
  would n't you have to supplement the extra fare though ? 
  cuz ' it 's like $ 3 now . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  translator here . 
  yeeeeeeeep . 
  op should complain to the stm . 
  this dude 's making it as though his personal views represent those of the company he works for . 
  that 's not cool anywhere . 
  still ... unfortunately in this case we actually have to pay the troll toll to get inside that ... troll 's hole . 
  i think it 's an stm employee thing ... probably even a being-underground-cooped-up-in-a-booth-all-day thing ? 
  they 're jerks ; one of them nearly made my mom cry when she was visiting me , and made her insecure about her own french ( which is rather broken , but great considering she has n't lived her for the last 15 years ! ), 
  for the rest of her trip . 
  try taking him out before bathtime . 
  i already know how this ends . 
  the helmet , right ? 
  coffee does n't have any side effects ? 
  are we talking about the same `` coffee ? '', 
  why would people downvote you ? 
  i do that all the time !, 
  i did n't say i was against it . 
  i just thought it worth pointing out . 
  i 'm just looking forward to the day they do an article on erectile dysfunction . 
  there 's big al 's as well ... out on the 40 , i believe . 
  and if you want something on the island , there 's aquarium du nord , on st-hubert near beaubien . 
  i recently purchased a canister filter online , which i returned last week ( damn the tardiness of your post !, 
  ) , so if you know what you 're looking for , pets and ponds ( . ca ) has decent prices . 
  i bought a fluval 106 canister filter because i 've been using their products for the past 10 years or so and i find them to be of really good quality . 
  the only reason i returned it was because it did n't end up being ideal for my tank . 
  essentially you have to place it below your water level , and that would 've required me to change my whole setup .
