  i guess i just think of it as a coco-chanel-rid-us-of-the-corset-and-now-this kinda thing . 
  him being an alcoholic and not having sex with your mom do n't really seem like tell-tale signs . 
  do you have any more examples of what makes you think this ? 
  i 'd say that 's respectable more than ridiculous . 
  i 'd say he has a whole slew of issues to deal with , but i ca n't reasonably say that any of them are a result of him hiding his homosexuality . 
  but that 's not saying he is n't gay . 
  you guys should hang out more . 
  find out what really makes him tick . 
  i bought one of those stupid fountains for mine , but only one of them uses it . 
  fuckin ' fuzzy little spoiled pieces of shit . 
  hehehe ... oddly enough , i can totally picture that situation . 
  parrots are awesome !, 
  then there 's the `` look at my wedding/fianc \u00e9 / boyfriend and/or new hair/weight/face / dress/etc . '', 
  it 's not facebook , people !!, 
  it 's exactly those !, 
  upvotes to our awesomeness !, 
  so along that logic , if you 've already seen her once , why feel the need to see her again ? 
  i totally agree with you guys . 
  this is one stressed out ( probably anxious ) pooch , and there 's nothing cute or funny about that . 
  upvotes to you both !, 
  but what about when they * do * get out ? 
  i used to have a dog who would slip out of his chain all the time . 
  not slip out ... he would actually break the leash fastener thing . 
  we had to get one that screwed on . 
  you ca n't really honestly say that your dog/cat will never get out . 
  shit happens . 
  but it 's not about you . 
  it 's about your animal `` accidentally '' contributing to an already overpopulous ... population ( sorry for the crappy phrasing ) . 
  i would technically have to agree . 
  but that 's why i 'm asking the question . 
  i want to see if there are other ( more valid , imo ) reasons . 
  the thing is that there 's no `` making sure '' ... other than having them sterilized . 
  yup !, 
  not to mention how annoying it is to have to stop every two minutes to have your intact dog mark every telephone post , fence , tree , etc. 
  it sees . 
  true . 
  many continue to do it after . 
  i think it depends on when they were fixed . 
  the earlier they were operated , the less of a chance they had to develop that behaviour . 
  and if they 're older when they get fixed , they still do it , but less . 
  so ... we can use photoshop on our armpits now ? 
  totally . 
  i never though i 'd say that i sorta admired something she did . 
  in this case i kinda do , but still ... if you add up all the bullshit she 's spewed over the years , this does n't really make up for much . 
  do n't know if it 'll work any better , but here is the actual link as opposed to the link-via-reddit : http://www.salon.com/2012/06/21/can_modern_women_have_it_all/, 
  great article . 
  the author pointing out that the atlantic made an error in selling the piece `` not as a specific personal critique and a rallying cry , but as a broad statement of feminist futility '' was ... yeah , a really good point . 
  you can also try to make the yard more interesting for him . 
  scatter part of his breakfast/dinner in it and have him sniff it out . 
  it 'll keep him physically and mentally stimulated for a while . 
  it 's likely that he 's barking at all those things in the yard because he 's bored . 
  yeah , i 'm gon na have to downvote this for the misleading title . 
  aye , but did yer arse no laugh n ' awe anyway , ya right cunt ? 
  what about your work ? 
  any people there in the same age group or with similar interests ? 
  i met most of my friends from my first few jobs ( and my current one , at that ) . 
  there 's also rycats rescue . 
  not sure if they have a website or not , but here 's their facebook page : https://www.facebook.com/pages/rycats-rescue/278894302147163, 
  you should try czech beer . 
  it 's way better . 
  i kid . 
  sort of . 
  also , try the saq . 
  i could 've sworn i 've seen zywiec there before . 
  maybe not all branches carry it , so it 's always a good idea to ask . 
  hmm ... you may be right . 
  oh well , they have czechvar !, 
  it 's true . 
  props to the lcbo for that . 
  yeah ... except ... with flavour . 
  i 'm gon na have to start following this guy 's blog . 
  this article is really interesting as well : http://thecurrentconscience.com/blog/2012/04/30/on-the-status-of-women-everything-is-not-okay/, 
  so ... people actually drink tang ? 
  now you 're just makin ' shit up . 
  well gosh , that is nice of you to say . 
  but you do n't even know me !, 
  this right here and your `` that 'll show him how correct and relevant feminism is '' completely makes me want to disregard any attempt at having a logical argument with you . 
  what would you have suggested ? 
  haha !, 
  you forgot to mention cats . 
  if you do n't want to give them money , then do n't . 
  my mom used to work with street kids , and she told me that 9 times out of 10 , the money they make from begging will go to drugs , a drug dealer , or a pimp . 
  if you want to help them out , give them something direct ... some food , a cup of coffee , whatever . 
  you guys seem to be making the argument that social programs exist , ergo there should be no poverty . 
  this is n't the case . 
  yes , many social programs exist , bit often they just provide a temporary solution to the overall problem . 
  also , you 're making it sound like poverty is n't an issue in canada , which , dude , it clearly is . 
  by your logic , there should be no teenage pregnancy , drug addiction , etc. 
  cuz ' there are programs in place to `` deal with it . '', 
  look , all i 'm saying is that the problem is more complex and deeper than something that can be solved ( or whatever ) simply because a social program exists to address it . 
  learnedenglishdog 's comment actually explains this much better than i did . 
  i wish i could upvote you more . 
  it 's incredible that so many people are so quick to judge when they have not a single clue of what someone on the street has been through to get there . 
  wow . 
  is that an ad promoting illegal immigration ? 
  you 'd be surprised at just how little veterinary staff know about animal behaviour . 
  as far as i know , at sainte-hyacinthe , animal behaviour classes are optional ... in the sense that you take a few complementary classes or lectures from experts , maybe as part of your course or maybe for your own interest . 
  but they do n't focus on it , that 's for sure . 
  i 'm sorry to hear about your cat . 
  that 's some awful , awful shit .
