  maybe they 'd be good for me now . 
  but then again , i 've been keeping up with regular classes , and all seems well . 
  so meh . 
  thanks for the reply ( and vote of confidence ! ) . 
  i notice that at one point you start to say `` good boy '' to him ... in an attempt to calm him down , i assume . 
  you may actually be reinforcing his anxiety by doing so . 
  if you use `` good boy '' to reward good behaviour like a nice `` sit '' and then use it when he 's being anxious in his cage , he can make the association that you like him to be anxious in his cage . 
  also , your presence is probably not helping much either ... he seems to see/hear you and want to get out in order to be with you . 
  the thing about training for separation anxiety is you got ta do it in increments . 
  if you leave for two minutes and he does n't whine ? 
  great !, 
  reward him . 
  try leaving for two and a half , three , five , ten , etc. 
  and rewarding him each time for good ( calm ) behaviour . 
  you can try using a remote treat dispenser , such as a minders manner , so that you can train this without having to go in and out of the room each time ( it may be more effective to use your presence as a treat as well , though i would reserve this as a sort of high-value treat ) . 
  i finished sewing the fitted sheet for my baby bed . 
  i had fucked up the measurements , so it was a hassle to repair . 
  it looks ... semi-decent now !, 
  hurray !, 
  do n't take it personally . 
  old people are old . 
  she probably would 've said the same to anyone . 
  the `` dairy '' would imply the `` milk-based '' ... as opposed to something like cool whip , which they can not refer to as being `` dairy '' in any way . 
  feeling god about yourself ? 
  man , you got other issues besides selfishness . 
  that guy ... 
  i would n't put off praising , and i would n't replace it with petting necessarily . 
  as the article finally says , `` if vocal praise is paired with rewards that dogs do care about ( petting , food , etc ) , then they can learn to value it . '', 
  this sentence is key . 
  i would even say the same for petting ... not all dogs like it right off the bat , but they learn to associate it with other positive things ( calmness , for example , or sometimes even treats ) and grow to like it eventually . 
  do people actually find this guy to be funny ? 
  smacking/licking lips is a what is referred to as a `` calming signal . '', 
  it * can * be seen as a sign of anxiety ( though i would say that this is way too strong a term ) because it 's what dogs do to calm themselves down in a situation of stress . 
  it 's sort of the equivalent of humans taking a deep breath . 
  however , it 's also what dogs do to calm themselves down in general . 
  you may notice that dogs will often smack their lips a bit or lick their noses after they have turned around a few times and lied down . 
  it 's just a thing they do when they relax . 
  in your case , i think the latter applies . 
  your dog clearly seems to seek out the petting , so do n't worry about it . 
  that being said , your initial reaction of taking your hand away is a good one . 
  you should respect the dog 's signals . 
  once she has shown you that it 's ok , then you can go ahead and proceed with ... stuff . 
  honestly , i would n't feel bad about weaning at nine months . 
  nine months is a pretty damn good run , and you should be proud of that !, 
  if you think it might help , talk to your doctor about it . 
  have you and your husband had much time to be alone together ? 
  i mean ... outside of the home ? 
  maybe you need to take the odd night off just the two of you and reconnect on a whole other level than the mere mechanically physical . 
  you 're being incredibly hard on yourself , and you should try to relax ( this is easier said than done , i know ) . 
  does your husband know that he sets off big read firey alarms whenever he mentions sex or approaches you or whatever ? 
  you said you guys are very frank in your communications , so that 's great . 
  maybe you could share that particular aspect of stuff with him . 
  someone also mentioned that you could try being the one to initiate sex ( whether you want to or not ) . 
  it might help to take the strain off of you getting stressed out whenever he 's the one to do so ... 
  you should check out [ this blog ] ( http://reactivechampion.blogspot.ca/ ) . 
  she 's very pro-meds , so whatever your feelings are on that , just take that into account . 
  regardless , she has some excellent insight on reactive dogs and training in general . 
  too sensitive . 
   their ceo, 
  anyone else bothered by the fact that the `` their '' does n't refer back to anything ? 
  op 's sign seems like 3 discombobulated sentences to me ( two in the case of the duck meme ) . 
  are you secretly giving us the finger in your proof pic ? 
  i got it last week for a baby shower card !, 
  no one 's said `` becherovka '' yet ? 
  damn . 
  [ hearsay ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/hearsay ) ... heresy is when you say something against a religious doctrine . 
  ( i 'm not correcting you to be a jerk , btw ... just wan na help ), 
  i have that same cup , but in red . 
  we also use it for our daughter 's baths . 
  word up , cup bro . 
  sorry ... did a not-so-ninja edit for you there . 
  there were some birch , but these particular ones were found under a pine ( or pine-like coniferous dude -- i 'm not very good with my trees ) and on the grass near the pine . 
  haha !, 
  thanks , i 'll check it out . 
  weird , a bunch of the posts in here said something about no alcohol . 
  will look into the area . 
  thanks !, 
  so the other places are just topless ? 
  thanks !, 
  hmm ... what does `` classic sf '' entail in this sense ? 
  i checked it out , and their virtual tour is awesome . 
  the look of the place is so retro !, 
  i 'm looking for breasts is what i 'm looking for . 
  i would add to this by saying that you should start training him this kinda stuff before your niece comes over . 
  he might be too excited once she is around to properly `` listen '' to you . 
  beyond all the bs that this letter regurgitates , what bothers me first and foremost is the freakin ' formatting !!!, 
  enough with the bolds and the italics and the ridiculous use of unnecessary quotes !, 
  and the indentation !, 
  jesus , something think of the children !!, 
  maybe they 're scratches from the squirrel . 
  no fair . 
  his socks were pre-loosened . 
  so much yes !, 
  according to your article , the campaign was cancelled after only a few days . 
  although they do n't discard purchasing a private plane in the future , with this particular point they ended up saying , `` there is no campaign . 
  it 's a moot point . 
  the ministry will now focus on spreading the gospel . '', 
  most veterinary offices use charts like these . 
  a good way to check is to look at your dog from bird 's eye view , run your hands over his sides ( ribs ) and check what shape he fits . 
  looks like he might be in the top 2 ...
