  see if there is a local mycology society that you can contact ; they sometimes do mushroom picking and identification excursions . 
  hi there . 
  the answer to your question is of course !, 
  you can teach him always and whatever ( within reason , obviously ) . 
  re : begging . 
  as you said yourself , it 's clearly something that he 's been doing his whole life . 
  and it likely paid off greatly for him in the past . 
  if you think about what positive reinforcement is , it 's just that . 
  he behaved in a certain way , it got him a certain reward . 
  he repeated said behaviour and got the reward every time ( or enough times to merit him trying again ) . 
  you 're on the right track by ignoring him ( but you better be ignoring the shit out of him ... do n't even look at him , do n't talk , do n't roll your eyes if he lets out a yelp , etc. ) . 
  far better , however , is to try to give him something that 's even better than table scraps . 
  how about a kong stuffed with peanut butter , cheese , or some other awesomeness ( this has the added benefit of keeping him busy for a while ) ? 
  if he knows his `` go to bed '' command , maybe you can have him go there before you sit down to eat , and reward him with said kong . 
  if you 're concerned about his weight , you can give him his own food in the kong . 
  mush it up with some ( natural ) chicken broth , stuff it in the kong , freeze it , and he can have his dinner while you 're having yours . 
  if these do n't work , find something else that would keep him occupied . 
  you probably know by now what your dog likes . 
  as for the leash pulling , there have been a ton of posts on this subreddit on that very matter . 
  doing a simple search using `` leash '' `` pulling '' or `` walking '' should get you a lot of results on how to encourage him to stop pulling . 
  finally , you should have a look at [ this ] ( https://ca.shine.yahoo.com/blogs/pets/5-ways-stress-dog-143800699.html ) . 
  i 'm not saying you do anything to stress your dog out , as you seem rather chill in general . 
  but i thought it might help you to know that your dog is n't necessarily being stubborn ... he 's just been used doing certain things and getting certain benefits in return his whole life , so it might take him a while . 
  but all dogs can learn if we 're patient and consistent in their training . 
  good luck !, 
  and good on you for getting a senior too !, 
  regular, 
  i think it 's more of an intimidation thing than an actually-wanting-to-fight-one-another thing . 
  dogs , like most animals , essentially want to avoid conflict whenever possible , opting for making themselves look big and tough instead ( you 'll see the same sorta thing pop up a lot in nature ... think frill-necked lizard -- he ca n't actually kick anyone 's ass , he just wants to make it look like he can ) . 
  yup . 
  like u/delphiex says , it can mean a number of things . 
  tail height and the speed at which it wags are factors that come into play as well . 
  i 've even heard something about tails wagging slightly to the right vs. tails wagging slightly to the left meaning different things , but i do n't know how much that has actually been researched . 
  the important thing is to look at the dog 's overall body language ( its ears , the position of its back , its eyes [ dilated pupils , for ex . ] ), 
  in order to make a proper assessment of its mood . 
  i hope they were n't peed on !, 
  sorry to be harsh about this , but find a place that allows pets . 
  it may be further from your work , etc. , but tough shit . 
  talk to your new landlord ... they can be more lenient than you expect . 
  if you 're leaving the country , find out about bringing your animal with you . 
  if you ca n't , find someone to take care of your animal temporarily or permanently . 
  it 's really quite rare that you are `` absolutely left with no other choice than to abandon your animal . '', 
  so how does something like polysporin work ? 
  and will applying it ( especially to wounds no longer at risk of infection ) actually reduce scarring ? 
  well sheeeeit ... that is indeed something i did n't know . 
  i 'm looking at a few dermatology sites/blogs , and i 'm seeing the same thing . 
  thanks !, 
  if it 's for recreational use , you should be ok to just repair it with some medical tape . 
  i did that for mine last year , and it 's still fine ( mind you , i do n't use it often ) . 
  for competitive use , i would n't , however , as i 've heard that the tape may affect the balance of the ball . 
  nope , it 's these guys : http://www.nerdlikeyou.com/awesome-giant-transformer-statues-made-from-scrap-car-parts/, 
  * yawn * ... been there , done that . 
  this is n't really yoga-related ( it 's more of a physiotherapy thing ) , but honestly it 's the best exercise that i 've been given for patellofemoral syndrome . 
  in my case , my lateral thigh muscles were tight , and were thus pulling on the patella so that my knee hurt . 
  get yourself one of [ these ] ( http://www.amazon.ca/incline-fit-18-inch-density-roller/dp/b00kqc7rje/ref=sr_1_15/187-7157684-3267760?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1407867349&amp;sr=8-15&amp;keywords=foam+rollers ) and try [ this exercise ] ( http://www.steadyhealth.com/videos/workout_for_knees__knee_pain_relief_with_foam_roller_v138.html ) . 
  start at whatever you 're comfortable with timewise ( maybe a minute on each thigh ) ... move that up to 2 minutes per day , and you 've got a great way of maintaining your muscular ( and joint ) flexibility . 
  damn , that 's news to me . 
  i 've had two different physios tell me to work on it though ( the last one giving me the foam roller trick ) , and so far it seems to have worked best , at least in my case . 
  i read your other comment , and it 's worth getting a second , and even third opinion when it comes to physiotherapists ... and it can be frustrating , taking months or even years to find a therapy that works for you . 
  i hope you find it though . 
  as for yoga stuff , stay clear from putting too much pressure on your knees . 
  this means that if you 're in chair pose and you 're having trouble holding it , do n't be scared to go back into a forward bend to take the strain off . 
  also , when doing your warrior poses , lunges , etc. 
  make sure the bend of your knee does not exceed 90 degrees . 
  hmm . . that 's all the hardcore knee stuff i can think of for now . 
  all the best !, 
  honestly , it 's best to have this talk when you 're calm and rational . 
  better that than to scream at him or pepper spray him ... then risk being labelled as a crazy bitch ( i 'm not saying you are , i 'm saying that that may be the opinion that ensues should this get out of hand ) . 
  if you have clearly stated what may ensue should he continue his behaviour , then you 're in the clear to go apeshit should he do it again . 
  i totally thought that 's what was going on at first !, 
  like ... the press was trying to make it look like shit was worse than it was and was thus staging the whole thing . 
  heh ... kinda like a wag the dog thing . 
  man ... 
  i got ta start reading op messages more carefully . 
  a meat-eating climate changer like you would say that . 
  bergevin took that bucket like the biggest badass . 
  ( then again , i did n't see any ice inside ... ), 
  i really like what you guys did with that wall . . the fabric-in-the-needlepoint-thing ... thing . 
  and congrats !!, 
  this . 
  group classes are not for every dog . 
  frankly , your trainer should have seen that your dog is having difficulty and taken you aside to talk about other options rather than making you go through the entire course . 
  like cheezuschrist said ( and i paraphrase here ) , social interaction is something that is acquired overtime . 
  some dogs come to it rather easily , while others struggle . 
  it 's the same with humans , so do n't worry . 
  i would stay away from group classes for a while until you get your dog to focus on you while other distractions are present . 
  this , mind you , is a gradual process . 
  ( again , like the above user said , practice at home , then in the yard , then with some people around , then maybe in the park , then with other dogs present , etc. 
  let your dog work up to it gradually . ), 
  as for the vet , i 'd work on increasing his tolerance to being touched around the ears , since that what seems to have triggered the uneasiness . 
  also look at desensitizing him to being poked and prodded around the belly , thighs , throat , mouth , etc. 
  ( take a look at what your vet does during a regular check-up ) and reward him every time he lets you ( i.e. 
  does n't react ) . 
  he may have experienced a slight trauma with the vet tech ( it 's not her fault for being forceful ... she has to do her job and probably does n't have time to work on luring the dog towards her with treats , etc. 
  sarcasm ... or a boost in ratings ? 
  to me it seems like they just want people to talk about them , so they make these ridiculous `` scandalous '' comments . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i looked into the prenatal classes ( my studio was n't offering any at the time ) , but i figured it was n't really my thing . 
  i talked to my teacher about it , and she said that if i 'm used to regular classes , i might actually find the prenatal ones to be a bit on the ... let 's say non-challenging side . 
  mind you , that was months ago .
