  so it was basically my fault ; i did n't do my research properly . 
  the people at pets and ponds were really great though , and the return was easy ( though i had to pay to ship it back ) . 
  hehe ... and yeah , i figured that had you posted that last week , i could 've tried to sell you mine before i returned it . 
  but yeah , you obviously need something larger . 
  welp !, 
  there goes my [ attempt ] ( http://imgur.com/bmbti ) at making it big today !, 
  who cares if it 's from wal-mart ? 
  it 's for a relief effort !, 
  you wan na get the most you can for the least amount of money you can . 
  when it 's for disaster relief , it 's best to go for quantity over quality , i 'm afraid . 
  thanks for your post !, 
  i totally agree that the laws in quebec suck . 
  we have the highest population of homeless animals in the country ( sorry , i do n't have a source on that at the moment ) , and insufficient laws against puppy mills and pet-selling in general are in dire need of review . 
  i try not to buy from pet shops that sell animals anymore , and you bet your ass that the next animal i get will be from a shelter . 
  and for the record , there 's nothing wrong with legitimate breeders . 
  there are lots of people out there who are doing it right and take great care to have healthy , controlled litters . 
  the problem is that the population in general does n't take the time out to do their research properly to find out who 's legit and who is n't . 
  it 's so much easier to just go on kijiji and find some dude who 's non-sterilized female had pups with his non-sterilized male ( cuz ' gee ... who woulda thunk they 'd do it !! ) . 
  the problem lies in large part with the ignorance of the general public . 
  true . 
  but at least they do it right . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for shelters ... 
  i volunteer at one , and i fully support what they do . 
  the thing is , there 's always gon na be people out there who want pure-bred dogs with a healthy , guaranteed lineage . 
  i 'd rather those people get them from tried-and-true certified breeders than from backyard breeders or puppy mills . 
  shelters evaluate the animals they receive . 
  various tests exists that allow shelter staff to determine the dog 's reactivity , fear , whether or not he/she is good with children , the elderly , etc. 
  a good shelter will tell you these things when you consider getting the dog . 
  they will not let just anyone take any dog anymore . 
  a measure of a good shelter is how much information and advice they give you before you fill out the adoption papers . 
  i 'm not sure how you came to the conclusion that what i said did not fit the description of backyard breeding . 
  the article that prestidigit8or linked to describes exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  and it 's not so much about the quality of the dog ... you can get awesomely healthy and happy dogs from backyard breeders !, 
  they 're not guaranteed , of course , which is one of the great benefits that going to a certified breeder gives you ( ex . 
  german shepherds often suffer from hip displexia , and good breeders will `` insure '' or `` certify '' their shepherds for a min . 
  of 5 years ) . 
  the main issue is that they contribute to an already overflowing pet population . 
  legit breeders do it for cash for sure , i 'm not saying they do n't . 
  but often these people live and breathe their dogs ( i 've gone to see a few . . trust me , they 're kooky ! ) ... 
  for them it 's a passion , and they know what to do should something go wrong with the litter or the pregnant female or whatever . 
  your average joe does not . 
  this might help answer your question . 
  if you ever have an hour to spare , this is a great doc : http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xfsqnc_dogs-decoded-1-3_shortfilms, 
  well that certainly is a lot of white people . 
  i know men who do that . 
  it 's not really a gender-specific thing . 
  are those your kids ??? 
  cuz ' holyfuckaretheyfuckincute !!!, 
  good job !, 
  i think everyone 's done that at some point in their lives . 
  lady-man ladies ? 
  i 'd say it 's more columba deadia . 
  you 're on the right path with the treats and praise , but in a case such as this , it 's very important to get the timing of the treats and praise right . 
  you 'll never get much done merely `` anticipating '' when someone walks by because you can never truly be prepared for it and time your treats appropriately . 
  the best thing is to do controlled exercises with your dog ( with either you or your girlfriend being the `` outside person '' and the other being the indoor person giving treats ) . 
  i 'd suggest you try to find a positive-reinforcement trainer in your area ; they should be able to help you time your rewards properly and maybe even give you some ideas of alternative behaviours to train for when the situation arises ( ex . 
  someone passes by or rings the doorbell ... or even comes into your home ... and your dog , rather than get anxious , goes to see you or goes to get his favourite toy or whatever ) . 
  the important thing to keep in mind is that you should be changing the association the dog makes with a passer-by or new visit . 
  with your training , you want him to instead be thinking something like `` oh sweet , i 'm gon na get a treat / play with my toy / whatever '' whenever a stressful situation arises . 
  does that make sense ? 
  in the meantime , you could always `` get your dog on '' by volunteering at a dog shelter or rescue in your spare time . 
  it has the added bonus of helping you get acquainted with various dogs before you are ready to get your own . 
  you should tell your mom to practice bite inhibition when playing with your dog . 
  this article does a very decent job at explaining how to go about it : http://www.dogstardaily.com/training/teaching-bite-inhibition, 
  you 'd be surprised at how many people get dogs without taking into consideration everything that owning a dog requires . 
  if he can afford to put him in a kennel for six weeks out of the year , could he perhaps afford a few days of doggy daycare per week , as one of the previous posters suggested ? 
  many daycares out there even offer to train your dog ( or at the very least provide stimulating educational activities ) while you work . 
  might be something worth bringing up to him ... : - /, 
  so what did you learn from it , though ? 
  hehe ... thanks for the kind words . 
  yeah , the temperature 's fine for now ... plus i had upped it a bit for her recovery time . 
  it 's a little hard to control the ambient temperature right now , as it 's getting colder where i live , and she has an open-top tank ( i 'm planning on building a cover for her this weekend though ) . 
  made an appointment with the vet today , so we shall see . 
  thanks again . 
  thanks so much !, 
  she 's been with me way too long for me to not do everything i can for her . 
  hehe ... he even plugs his stint on infoman in the report . 
  basically this guy 's asking you to start with a roux . 
  embrace the roux , muthafuckaaaa !, 
  true dat . 
  the closer you are to the skin , the milder and sweeter the taste too . 
  i used to eat that all the time when i was little . 
  now i get this lovely bit of nostalgia whenever i see it at the market . 
  your local reptile shop probably prevents them from doing that because active , lively reptiles make for more sales ... or so i assume . 
  i would n't mess with it either ... in fact , i 've never heard of anyone doing that and ca n't think of why it would be beneficial for the reptile . 
  i 'd consult someone else , if i were you , because properly providing for their brumation needs is a whole other thing on its own . 
  there are a lot of online forums ( do n't know of any snake ones per se ... 
  i 'm more of a turtle person ) , or you can contact a reptile specialist vet if there is one in your area . 
  i agree . 
  furthermore , i 'm a bit concerned about the `` i disciplined him and kenneled him for a while to cool down '' statement . 
  how did you discipline him exactly ? 
  because you could make an already stressful situation worse by putting further stress on the dog by your reaction . 
  a professional would be able to help you sort out the details and help you encourage and reward good behaviour rather than punish the bad . 
  trust me ... shelling out a few bucks for professional advice and guidance is well worth it for the years and years you 'll be spending with your dogs . 
  just wondering ... 
  i water my plants using brita-filtered water . 
  do you know if that helps to `` neutralize '' the water ? 
  ( sorry i 'm a bit late on this post , but i just discovered this subreddit . ), 
  this plant has been in my office for a good 2-3 years now . 
  aside from making the odd flower here and there , it has never really quite flourished .
