  turtles are n't meant to be fast ( or faster or whatever ) . 
  you 're taking away from the contact he has with the ground and i ca n't see that being very comfortable or comforting for him . 
  they had me at `` aircrafts . '', 
  heh ... thanks for specifying . 
  i was n't sure if that was extreme sarcasm or what . 
  anyways ... bbc , man . 
  i expect better . 
  correction : `` sh00tz '', 
  the thing is that it 's backed up against a wall and looking like it wants to go even further . 
  its body language is n't forward or inquisitive at all . 
  it 's not standing up because it wants a treat . 
  it 's scared shitless . 
  for the record , i think the `` moving her poo to where you want her to go '' is a terrible idea . 
  i 've never heard of moving a dog 's poop as a way to encourage it to go outside . 
  this is akin to rubbing your dog 's nose in her pee way after she peed , and it 's ineffective at best . 
  the best thing to do when potty training is to control your environment . 
  always . 
  you put her in a kennel while you 're away , i assume while you 're at work ? 
  when you 're at home , keep an eye on her at all times . 
  this may mean reducing her space temporarily or even tethering her to your waist while you 're at home . 
  when you see that she starts to sniff around , the way dogs do when looking for a spot to poo , calmly get her outside , wait until she poops , and reward her like hell when she does ( right after she does ) . 
  if you can do this over the weekend or for a few days consistently , she should catch on relatively quickly . 
  we do n't call ourselves dog psychologists . 
  i have taken an animal behaviour course focusing particularly on dogs , however , graduated , and am gradually trying to get more involved in the field . 
  i 've done a number of behavioural consultations , and i currently volunteer at an animal shelter where i have seen my fair share of scared shitless dogs . 
  if you 're studying canine body language , which is key in analyzing their behaviour , then yeah , a picture is actually worth a thousand words . 
  but hey , who am i to judge your judgement . 
  thanks for putting this up !, 
  i hate these freakin ' stickers because 80 % of the time , they 're not sexist at all . 
  jesus , heaven forbid you promote your brand of nylons by showing a pair of legs !, 
  i thought it was a little weird that you never mentioned actually talking to your parents about it . 
  i obviously know nothing of your relationship with them , and maybe you do n't talk about stuff like this , but still . 
  it 's worth a try . 
  for your sake , i 'd say talk to your mom . 
  seriously . 
  i had a great talk with mine a few years ago about this kind of stuff ( for the record , my parents are divorced , and my mom saw that i , at the time , was sort of getting into a relationship where i was beginning to repeat the same patterns as well -- she was actually the one who approached me about it , and it began this very frank discussion about her relationship with my dad ) . 
  anyway , talk to your mom . 
  see her point of view . 
  you might be surprised and learn a thing or two about why she behaves the way she does . 
  that 's great , i really hope you do work things out . 
   my parents are batshit crazy as hell ( hehe ... 
  i exaggerate ... a bit ) , but i love them and i know they love me , so heck . 
  oh , and for the record , you and your boyfriend can always move to quebec . 
  here it is n't required to change your name upon marriage . 
  in fact , it 's [ more of a hassle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/married_and_maiden_names#qu.c3.a9bec ) to get it changed than to keep it . 
  i never thought changing mine would be a thing for me , but now that i know i can keep it , i 'm glad . 
  i 've grown quite attached to it over the years as well . 
  good luck to you guys . 
  that 's some solid adjective-noun agreement . 
  pat yourself in the back !, 
  anyone , please correct me if i 'm wrong , but from my understanding , little is known about how dogs experience time . 
  we do know , however , that they very much live in the present on a day to day basis . 
  i therefore ca n't tell you much about how much or little your dog misses you . 
  what i can tell you , though is this . 
  if your dog is in good hands , as you say she is , then she should be ok . 
  if she 's getting plenty of love , exercise and stimulation from her new owners , then she 's ok . 
  your wanting to visit her is probably because you miss her rather than you thinking she misses you ( again , i 'm not saying she does n't ) . 
  you need to decide what 's best for your dog . 
  personally , if you know she 's being well taken care of , then do n't worry about her , and let her be . 
  and let the fact that you were able to find her an awesome home be your comfort . 
  came here to say this . 
  kudos to you , sir . 
  as a czech , i 'm pretty glad they do n't know where we are . 
  i actually soak mine in the bathtub now and then ... clean , rinse , and let it drip off . 
  not the same as just wiping it with a cloth ( not assuming that that 's what you do , but just saying ... it does make a significant difference ) . 
  that being said , next time try a different brand . 
  i 'm pretty disappointed with my lululemon mat overall , and sure as hell will invest in a longer-lasting one next time . 
  edit : also , putting a towel at the tip of the mat helps too ... in terms of hand sliding weirdness . 
  i thought a similar thing about colours . 
  basically , colours appear different to everyone . 
  the blue you see is not the same as the blue i see , but no one ever argues over it since everyone universally agrees that it 's `` blue . '', 
  looks like a [ bacopa ] ( http://images.meredith.com/bhg/images/plant/p_100128609.jpg ) plant ... though it 's kinda hard to tell from your image . 
  just accept it . 
  your mom had sex more than the times required to produce you and your siblings . 
  rough night on reddit . 
  have some love . 
  not to be a bother , but if you 're in the cr , you really should n't deprive yourself of going to prague . 
  it 's a vibrant and beautiful city , and there is art and music ( and a ton of history ) wherever you go . 
  i understand wanting to see family . 
  but man ... to say you went to the czech republic and did n't visit prague ... well sheeeeeit , it 's a damn shame . 
  i 'm surprised no one has listed [ rcrd lbl ] ( http://rcrdlbl.com/ ) yet . 
  it 's cool because you can sign up for their weekly mp3 mailout , in which they send you a weekly email with 10 or so songs ... anything from folk to hip hop to electronic . 
  i 've discovered a lot of artists this way . 
  hint : listen to everything they send ; you never know . 
  how the hell do you get beyond the bs homepage ? 
  ( sorry , it 's a bit frustrating ), 
  membership , huh ? 
  how does one obtain such a privilege ? 
  sweet . 
  thanks !, 
  details ? 
  i agree , plus his comment about the `` bunch of administrative yahoos trying to manufacture a cultural identity and say `` this is montreal '' instead of opening things up and actually finding out what the place is all about '' is key . 
  i recently went to london , and the whole camden market area is just the most amazing place -- full of food stands from all over the world ( indian , mexican , french [ crepes ] ) ... and you know what ? 
  that does n't make it any less `` london . '', 
  sweet . 
  thanks for the audio . 
  op 's family emigrated from czechoslovakia during wwii . 
  it 's entirely correct . 
  you would n't say `` hitler invaded former czechoslovakia '' either . 
  ooof .
