  essentially , the leaf structure never expanded outwards , the way a healthy plant would , but instead bunched up the way you see in the picture . 
  i recently moved it from the window ledge to my desk , as i thought it might be a bit cold in that location . 
  i water it once a week . 
  ( sorry to be putting my text in the comments section ... 
  i 'm still not all too good at uploading stuff from my iphone . ), 
  to be honest , i 've never hibernated mine either . 
  but mine has never shown signs of wanting to hibernate ... if that makes any sense . 
  her eating and activity slows down , but other than that i do n't really do anything different . 
  then again , it 's a water turtle ... not a tortoise , so there 's no fear for her to get dehydrated , etc. 
  heh ... all right , i 'll show myself out . 
  you mean i have to actually do some of the work myself ?? 
  damn you , helpful redditor !, 
  do * not * drink free peel pub beer . 
  `` the whole thing started about two years ago , when an undergrad sampled a colleague 's belly button bacteria to send it to him as a christmas card . '', 
  uh ... no one else thought this worth mentioning ? 
  looks like a kalanchoe . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalanchoe ), 
  did it have small , brightly-coloured plants when you first bought it ? 
  i 'd also say you 're probably over-watering . 
  mia_otter 's advice is good , in terms of only watering it once you see/feel that the soil is dry ( also , doing this a few times will give you a good indication of how often to water the plant ) . 
  i do n't know what you guys are on about . 
  i 'm not a fan of the guy , but i would n't make fun of him for making this video . 
  his english is n't perfect , but he makes a damn good effort nonetheless . 
  i wish i could say the same for many of the people living here in montreal ( anglophones and francophones ) . 
  seriously !? 
  goddamn ... no one told me about hats !, 
  frankly , i find him more charming as a tv presenter than terry bradshaw . 
  jesus , someone slap some personality on that man . 
  done !, 
  good luck to you guys , i love what the kawartha centre does , so kudos for giving them some relief . 
  hope it works out !, 
  laurier ? 
  nice . 
  my friend zbynek works with food not bombs , so tell him i said hi ( he wo n't know me by my user name , but my brother and he are bffs ) . 
   i like what you guys do . 
  keep up the awesomeness . 
  http://www.legendsactionfigures.com/ ... on st-hubert north of jean-talon . 
  what are the other 10 ? 
  ( sorry , somebody had to say it . ), 
  hehe ... damn , coulda used that subreddit two weka ago when i was in town . 
  welp !, 
  enjoy all the things !, 
  he 's been with the organization forever , so i figured most people would know him . 
  ah well . 
  cheers to you and yours . 
  you ca n't bring cheese across the border , unfortunately . 
  edit : i may have answered too quickly , sorry . 
  not sure about bringing goods to the u.s. ; i 'm too used to entering canada and being super paranoid about everything i 'm carrying . 
  the hounds with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you !!, 
  maybe you and op have the same girlfriend ... 
  compared to what our ancestors looked like , i think we 're definitely on our way . 
  hehe ... mistral is adorable . 
  i 'm thinking maybe clicking + reinforcing while the cats are around is already too much distraction for him . 
  is there any way you could start with smaller distractions ( perhaps clicking + reinforcing when he is at the window in general with no cats around ) , and then gradually moving your way up to clicking when the cats are there ( giving him a huge treat for behaving well with the cats ) ? 
  i think the special-toy-when-cats-are-out idea is great !, 
  stuffed kongs are always great for that . 
  thanks so much !, 
  i 'll let him know . 
  i guess it 's up to his discretion on the end . 
  i just want everyone to enjoy it , man . 
  thank you so much for looking up that thread !, 
  we passed the word on to my father-in-law . 
  i think he 's gon na try it !, 
  saw it . 
  thanks so much !, 
  next time i go , i 'm definitely buying more . 
  i would totally have a beer with josh gorges . 
  i 'd learn a few choice words/phrases in french , just to show that you made an effort with the language . 
  `` excusez-moi , mais je ne parle pas le fran\u00e7ais '' ( sorry , i do n't speak french ) is a good start . 
  atrocious or not , people will appreciate the effort . 
  have fun !, 
  i just came back from quebec city myself . 
  make sure to take a stroll through the old town at night ... it 's gorgeous the way it 's lit up !, 
  i 've always thought ( i believe it 's because `` my mommy told me so '' ) that plastic cutting boards actually held onto more bacteria than wooden ones . 
  the logic being that wood is more porous and thus dries faster , giving the bacteria a less friendly environment to thrive . 
  anyone have any thoughts on the wood vs. plastic thing ? 
  sweet . 
  i knew my mom was awesome . 
  true , however , most residential dishwashers do n't reach temperatures high enough to properly sanitize dishes . 
  [ one source ] ( http://www.healthunit.org/foodsafety/factsheets/safedishwashing.htm ) and [ another source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dishwasher#level_of_sanitizing ) . 
  tough one . 
  dogs loves them the poop !, 
  i 'd suggest controlling your environment a bit better . 
  you mentioned you ca n't move the litter boxes ... can you perhaps use a child gate in the laundry room ( cats can easily jump over these , but it 's harder for dogs ) ? 
  what about putting in a cat door that would be too small for your dog ? 
  ( i obviously do n't know what breed your dog is and how well this option would work . ), 
  also , what about upping your treat quality ? 
  if you use the same ol' thing for training and clicking , you might want to use something extra special to reward non-poop-eating behaviour ( or for that matter , not going near the litter boxes or even in the laundry room ) . 
  you 're right . 
  i think put that in to say that even lower temperatures are now being used/required/whatever due to more highly advanced detergents . 
  and apparently you need to soak for 30 seconds . 
  anyways . 
  no kidding . 
  come on !, 
  it 's a slow reddit day , people !, 
  do you know which organizations they are , perchance ? 
  that seems really interesting . 
  yup , their arboretum is huge ... you 're bound to find a great place in there somewhere . 
  i suggest waiting until the spring and taking a nice long walk in the gardens . 
  the chinese and japanese gardens are very scenic as well .
