  yes it 's a pain in the ass , but taking the time to properly train your dog will bring you years of satisfaction . 
  i would n't recommend the collars ( if you have n't gotten them already ) ... some dogs may even get used to them ( depending on their levels of anxiety ) and bark regardless of the shock or smell or whatever . 
  hope this helps . 
   rewarding the things a dog does right is much more effective than punishing what he does wrong . 
  and vibrators !, 
  they used to prescribe them for treating ` hysteria ' in women . 
  obvious answers not allowed . 
  no more upvotes for you . 
  do you mean `` your ? '', 
  weird . 
  seemed to work on my computer at work . 
  i will go back and learn how to use the internet web-like thing . 
  thanks !!, 
  hi there . 
  please do n't do this unless you want your cat to fear you for the rest of its life . 
  though i agree that you should inflict some sort of punishment on your cat , the way you go about this is very important . 
  all these people who are saying `` do n't be your cat 's bitch , '' basically , are right to an extent , but not entirely . 
  yes , you shoud n't reinforce your cat 's behaviour by , for example , letting it in the door when it meows ( because it will indeed learn that said meowing or whatever will lead to an open door ) . 
  what you really should n't do , though , is `` be the enforcer '' because this may lead your cat to be confused by and fearful of your behaviour ( ex . 
  she lets me on the bed sometimes , but sometimes she freaks out ) , and this could lead a deep distrust in you as well as other various neuroses in the future ( and since your cat 's already got some weird peeing thing , we do n't want anymore of those to show up ) . 
  although what flytape is suggesting is indeed considered `` positive punishment '' ( in that you are adding a factor -- i.e. 
  water squirter -- to prevent your cat from repeating a certain behaviour ) , that does n't mean it 'll bring out a positive result . 
  a much better way to go about `` punishing '' your cat is by letting the environment do it . 
  if your cat jumps up on your bed to wake you up in the morning , make it so that something freaks her the fuck out ( random example , though i realize this wo n't work for a bed while you guys are sleeping in it , put a mousetrap between two aluminum pie trays ... when your cat touches it , bang ! ) . 
  this way your cat learns , via operant conditioning , that jumping on the bed = holy fuck i am never doing that again !, 
  ... and you are not the bad guy . 
  i hope that makes sense . 
  for your situation , though , ignoring the cat entirely for a solid two weeks might be a good thing to try . 
  your cat has learned that meowing ( and the worse behaviour of peeing on you ) gets a reaction out of you . 
  so ignore it . 
  day and night ( at night you might want to put her in a different room entirely ) . 
  yes it will meow and probably pee and yes you will be annoyed and yes you will lose sleep ( ipods and earplugs are your best friends ) . 
  but if you manage to do this ( and remember that you ca n't give in to its meows because it * will * think that the last meow - that really annoying one that made you give in - was what worked , and it will start with that meow next time it wants something ) , your cat should learn that trying to get your attention in the ways it has been will not work . 
  i hope this helps . 
  and thanks for being awesome about the `` pets for life '' thing . 
  i wish more people were . 
  who barges in anyway ? 
  my mom always knocked before coming into my room . 
  i mean , who really * wants * to catch their kids doing that ? 
  it would also be a great theme for a morrissey song . 
  you should take your dog back . 
  anyone else reminded of [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odlqeyvdeym&amp;t=0m14s ) ? 
  i was hoping to find a video of this , but [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfxbjy6jvp0&amp;t=0m53s ) is the best i got . 
  if anything , it 's worth it just for the reporter dude at 1:21 . 
  so ... which is the crazy one and which is the nerdy one ? 
  i 've always liked morrissey 's version of moon river . 
  it 's not all that sad , per se ... but it definitely is haunting . 
  the cat is female . 
  and yes , her beard is awesome . 
  perhaps it is the way you perceive it that is indeed trippy ... 
  prince joffrey totally needs a cat . 
  dude , you better not have just given me a spoiler . 
  i am reading the books . 
  i 'm on book 2 . 
  so thanks ... for the ... spoiler ? 
  also , how is saying `` i did n't give you a spoiler , but this happened '' not a spoiler ? 
  you seem to be an angry person . 
  it 's cool . 
  you 're right in that it 's not some major plot revelation or anything . 
  hope i did n't overreact there . 
  i 'm just really trying to get through a clash of kings before season ii begins . 
  maybe i 'm just a little on edge ... or on ice ... or on needle . 
  bad puns . ), 
  this !, 
  also , how does one go about ordering a glass of fermented mare 's milk ? 
  upvote for props to the czechs . 
  fuck man . 
  i would love it if sony paid for my roads . 
  i 'm already looking at their billboards anyway !, 
  bring it !, 
  with all due respect , i think you 're kind of pushing it . 
   and by `` kind of '' i mean `` intensely . '', 
  if you really want an example of `` horrible corporate advertising '' on a `` public '' service , take a look at montreal 's bixi bikes . 
  last year they allowed corporate sponsorships , and all it consisted of was a little `` mudflap '' type thing on the wheel with an ad for telus on it . 
  the bikes did not make you break every 5 miles nor were you required to own a telus device to use them . 
  wait , what ? 
  fake-annoying or fake aunt ? 
  or does this person just not actually exist ? 
  this !, 
  also , people who exit shops , etc. 
  blindly without looking to see if anyone is walking by first !, 
  i ca n't count the number of near-hits i 've had with these folk !, 
  look both ways !, 
  i think they meant `` within the 6 hours following the death . '', 
  hmm ... is this the appropriate time for a hitler reference too ??? 
  ahem ... 
  * hitler reference *, 
  this actually made me more sad than pissed off . 
  thank you !, 
  sometimes reddit amazes me with their completely illogical generalizations . 
  `` this is a thing that girls do ! '', 
  -- right , buddy . 
  umm . . that or your nearest chinatown . 
  when is derp not cute ? 
  may i just say that i was never a fan of small dogs . 
  i used to think they were annoying , yappy , spoiled little buggers ( mind you , some of them are , but alas ) . 
  seriously one of the coolest dogs i had ever met . 
  i judge no longer by size ( do i ) . 
  ... by the way , you are very brave for taking a long-haired thing like that to the beach . 
  so could you argue that it 's just the marketing that 's changed , and not the product ?
