  not quite the `` isolated green space '' you were looking for , but it would make for some damn lovely pictures . 
  you know what , dude ? 
  you could 've said any number of things . 
  a successful murderer , a successful thief , a successful flasher , whatever . 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  yeah , if you are thinking of going to a nice restaurant , i 'm sure you can call ahead , give an extra large tip , and request that a male waiter pay extra special attention to her . 
  you probably wo n't be able to get the sensual aspect of what you 're looking for , but it would make her feel extra special , and might be a good prequel to whatever comes after . 
  asking the waiter to give her special attention cuz ' it 's her birthday ? 
  that does n't seem like a weird request to me . 
  i agree with what mikeyo73 and izsmith say . 
  the fact that she 's on a leash might increase her stress ( and thus her excitability ) at meeting a new dog . 
  why is it you 've never taken her off leash in your socialization experiments , particularly if you 're sure that she 's not aggressive ? 
  if she 's being overly `` annoying '' to another dog , the other dog will let her know and she 'll soon learn what her boundaries are with respect to that dog . 
  if she persists , then you for sure know she lacks socialization skills ... but for now , she just seems like an over-excited pup ( and i say this without knowing what exactly she does when meeting other dogs , of course ) . 
  it could also be that she 's hyped up due to a lack of exercise ( i 'm not trying to assume you do n't take her out , but dogs her age and `` breed '' require lots and lots and lots of it ) . 
  try giving her more mental stimulation as well through games , etc. 
  i 'd also up your treat quality and/or ratio . 
  if she 's in a situation where she behaves herself around other dogs , do n't give her the usual doggy treat . 
  give her something awesome that she might not get on a regular basis ... or has never gotten before . 
  you forgot to put a comma after the `` no . '', 
  did you just look up `` squid punishment '' on google ? 
  reading through the comments , i got ta say it 's sad to see how cynical people are . 
  i ca n't say that i myself am 100 % optimistic about this , but come on , folks !, 
  it * is * a step in the right direction . 
  this kind of cynicism and apathy never gets anyone anywhere . 
  the thing is , i myself am very wary of stuff like this going well . 
  it just really sucks that it 's gotten to this . 
  this kind of cynicism is what makes people not rise up and do something about it in the first place . 
  48 frames per second ( aka high frame rate or hfr ), 
  if only that meant i could see ryan gosling in 48 fps . 
  thanks for the reply though !, 
  thanks . 
  i was n't sure what to look for in the listing itself . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i had the misfortune of seeing it in imax 3d , which sucked ass . 
  hence my wanting to do it again the-way-that-peter-jackson-intended ... style . 
  but yeah ... apparently no one 's playing it anymore . 
  they 've been doing reserved seating in movie theatres in europe for as long as i can remember . 
  i do n't know why it 's taken us this long , really . 
  no , its scope is way broader than that . 
  from my understanding , they 're in charge of everything from spectrum and broadband attribution and regulation to telecommunications to wiretapping . 
  part of what they do is censorship , but in now way is that the main part . 
  `` the gals '' want more women heading up media in general , and they note that of all gov ' t bodies , the fcc has never had a women in charge of it ( `` never in the 80 years of the fcc has a woman of any race or group been its chair , though women have been the nation 's majority for a long time '' ) . 
  since obama is supposed to appoint a new cabinet , the job of head of the fcc ( among others ) is up for grabs . 
  hey ... sorry for the late reply . 
  try the cssm ( http://www.clubmontreal.ca/en/home.aspx ) . 
  i think you still have time to sign up for an individual team , as the season just started yesterday . 
  it 's around $ 125 per season . 
  good luck !, 
  good for you for taking the time ( and money ) to seek the services of a professional . 
  unfortunately , not many people are willing to invest that . 
  and 1-2 hours per night is awesome !, 
  seriously . 
  how can he start a paragraph with `` could this reformatory and revisionist reaction to westerners evaluating gaze be the reason ... '' and then end it with `` at least i hear that koreans are repressed . 
  i do know they 're somewhat backward . '', 
  the fuck , dude !, 
  how very ... virginia o'keefe . 
  jesus , you 're right !, 
  it 's funny cuz ' just as i was typing that , a little voice said `` you should google before hitting ` save ' '' ... and then ... naaaah !, 
  i hate all of you . 
  you . 
  i like you . 
  you know ... non-university people take the bus also . 
  great . 
  now i want to watch the entire hearing . 
  good luck to you . 
  this comment made me crack up !, 
  you are awesome . 
  i agree . 
  ask around . 
  even go as far as to call random clinics ( especially newly opened ones ) . 
  my friend was looking for a family doctor after she got pregnant , and found a clinic that happened to be near my house . 
  she told me to call them right away , as they were new and accepting new patients at the time . 
  they took me on , but i remember the receptionist telling me not to tell anyone else as they were already near their limit . 
  in addition to tokisushi 's comments , i 'd suggest you pick up turid rugaas 's book `` calming signals '' ( check out the sidebar where it says `` canine body language '' ) . 
  you seem to make a lot of references to your dog 's fearfulness , shyness , approach to other dogs , etc. , without being quite sure that that 's indeed what you 're identifying . 
  it is important that you are able to properly identify what she is doing when approaching you , your boyfriend , other dogs , etc. 
  and what that might mean in dog language . 
  this book can also help you to communicate better with your dog on her terms ( maybe you approach her too abrubtly , for example , and that 's why she 's hiding under the bed ) . 
  ( just be aware that her lack of socialization might mean that she is n't giving you the proper body language signals , but still ... it 's a good book to have . ), 
  also , i 'd seek the help of a professional who does not use dominance-based techniques ( ask around ) . 
  karen pryor 's website has a [ directory of trainers ] ( https://www.karenpryoracademy.com/find-a-trainer?source=kpctnavbar ) who have been certified by her academy , so that 's a good place to start . 
  first off , good on you for doing the leaving-routine thing . 
  great idea to take her for a walk before , and great idea to give her toys ( whether she uses them or not is not the important thing for now , imo ) . 
  how long are you out of the house / out of the room / out of sight before she starts to bark ? 
  do you know much about clicker training ? 
  what you might want to start doing is rewarding her for not barking . 
  basically , get your keys , coat , etc. 
  that you do usually . 
  if , for now , she starts to bark after a minute of your absence , then start at , say 30 seconds . 
  you leave for 30 seconds , if she has n't barked , you click , come back in , and give her a treat ( i 'm assuming you can close the door of the room she is in and click from the other side of the door ) . 
  do this a few times , and if she gets to a point where she never makes noise after 30 seconds of your absence , then up your time interval to 45 seconds , then to 1 minute , 2 minutes , 5 minutes , etc. , making sure that you 're only clicking and rewarding her silence , and that you 're never `` walking back in '' if she has barked ( this would show her that barking = spare3parts coming back ) . 
  basically what you want to do here is show her that an absence is always followed by a return . 
  dogs do n't always know this , as their understanding of time is rather fuzzy . 
  do this exercise a few times . . eventually upping the time to 15 minutes , 1/2 hour , etc. 
  ( you can see how long she stays silent with whatever device you used to record your barking ) . 
  if ever she she starts barking at a lower time interval ( say you were at 15 minutes , and she starts barking at 10 again ) , go back to ten and start over from there . 
  i hope this makes sense . 
  also , you can try covering her crate with a sheet or something while you 're gone . 
  many dogs feel more secure with this .
