  crying fit ) when we leave . 
  my friend had also suggested that we try to go with her and one of the daycare workers to try to transition , so we 're going to do that . 
  we 'll try coming to pick her up a bit earlier ( the accidents really happen toward the end of the day ) and taking her to the bathroom then ... hopefully with one of the daycare workers present . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  you 're right . 
  we could try doing this at home . 
  but she always wants it to be papa or mama . 
  argh . 
  maybe we should be leaving the room more often when she 's doing her thing to get her to be more independent . 
  i do n't think it 's appropriate for a father to be saying such things to his kids in any context ( perhaps if he explicitly said `` i 'm just kidding , guys , people who talk like that are assholes who objectify women blah blah '' ... but op clearly did n't mention that ) . 
  that kinda stuff may come from kids ' idiot buddies , but not from someone they actually look up to for guidance . 
  have you ever tried flour buttercream ? 
  it 's much fluffier than regular butter + icing sugar recipes , and it 's a lot less sweet . 
  it 's probably not as good for piping , but you can get some decent results nonetheless . 
  worth a shot !, 
  i ca n't find the recipe i normally use , but this one seems like it would be pretty similar : https://thetoughcookie.com/2015/06/07/how-to-make-flour-buttercream-or-ermine-buttercream-the-battle-of-the-buttercreams-2-0/, 
  seriously , it 's really good . 
  and not as heavy as regular buttercream . 
  not sure it 'll help with the humidity aspect of your question though , but damn it 's good . 
  that skirt is amazing !, 
  what 's your youtube channel ? 
  thanks !, 
  nice to know we * have * a future !, 
  i agree with everything that you say , but i would strongly advise against using aversives such as the water thing . 
  distractions are a good idea , but such punishment is not always effective . 
  yeah , reminds me kinda of turner . 
  i guess that would make it more accidental romanticism , but oh well . 
   emotional independence is only possible if she has a secure base of parental love and comfort to build upon, 
  this is really well said . 
  that sounds like it would be some warped derivative of the `` cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey '' saying . 
  ( shrug , [ reference ] ( http://www.phrases.org.uk/meanings/cold-enough-to-freeze-the-balls-off-a-brass-monkey.html ) ), 
  a lot of online stores will have their `` sale '' sections . 
  you can get a decent deal there if you 're willing to go through page after page of fabric patterns . 
  ( no idea how these prices compare to those of the stores you 're mentioning , however . 
  i 'm canadian . ), 
  2 is a great update !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  i agree with the `` stop rewarding each time '' but highly disagree with the `` stop all treats . '', 
  positive reinforcement works if you reward highly the first few times you get the desired behaviour , but then occasionally and sporadically after that . 
  think of it like a slots game . 
  why do people sit at the damn slot machine for hours at a time ? 
  it 's because of the * potential * of getting a reward . 
  and a big reward at that . 
  you might want to ditch the m&m s for a bit in favour of something awesome ( like i dunno ... let 's say a kinder egg ... i 'm gon na stick with sweet foods for the sake of consistency , but you can use whatever reward he really likes ... play , screentime , whatev . ), 
  and give him that on a random basis . 
  another good idea , if he 's had a particularly good day or something , is to treat him to something really awesome . 
  like `` hey kiddo , yesterday you brushed your teeth and dressed yourself without putting up a fight ... let 's go out for ice cream ! '', 
  he 's very likely to remember grand gestures like that in the future . 
  this is cute :p, 
  thanks , i thought of making a ganache , but was sorta hoping it would crust over a bit on the top . 
  i love your outlook on this . 
  you 're doing the right thing by trying to provide him with lots of low-energy activities , and a lot of love . 
  hope it all works out !, 
  wow . 
  kind and compassionate indeed . 
  this person certainly practices what they preach . 
  weird . 
  all the pics are of them too , not the apartment . 
  i 'd be wary . 
  what kind of oil do you use ? 
  ok thanks !, 
  mine clearly did not come with any . 
  can i ask where you found out about this class ? 
  your dr 's office ? 
  community centre ? 
  parent group ? 
  as someone who is in the same boat as op , i would advise against the 3-across thing . 
  we recently manned up and got a minivan , and i ca n't imagine anything else . 
  we saw a few 7-seater-3rd-row models too ( \u00e0 la kia rondo ) , but it just seemed like such a complicated thing to try to fit everyone in there . 
  we actually wrote a [ reddit post asking about car options ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/parenting/comments/6r4dzi/a_25_yearold_twins_on_the_way_and_suddenly_we/ ) , in case that helps . 
  i 'm not in the us . 
  i live in montreal , in the city , and trust me , i know narrow streets . 
  we do n't have a garage , and have to park on the street , which is one of the main reasons we were so hesitant to purchase one . 
  op , i do n't know what the uk equivalent would be , but do look into it if it 's doabale . 
  your `` it does n't belong here '' box bit is the greatest thing i 've heard all month !, 
  it is the exact opposite and you know it !, 
  my polish friend and i have this discussion all the time . 
  not even for subways . 
  that 's your first quilt and you did free-motion quilting ? 
  tell me you did some practice runs beforehand !, 
  hehe ... ok good . 
  i will refrain from angrily walking out on this this subreddit for now then . 
  sweet , thanks !, 
  you could try asking other people in your neighbourhood if they get the same reactions when they 're walking their dogs . 
  or they 're just trying to make a buck by using language that supposedly appeals to millennials . 
  perhaps . 
  but we ca n't blame them for what their publishers want , and we certainly ca n't assume they 're all dumbasses . 
  if i was a student ( as this is what we seem to be assuming they are ) in need of a quick buck , you bet your ass i 'd dumb it down for the publication ... and skimp on research if that 's the kind of thing they 're used to . 
  all writers write for their audience . 
  if we assume no one really reads the content of mtl blog etc. 
  and it 's all just clickbait , then the content does n't really matter . 
  it 's not the writers ' fault imo ... it 's what he market currently seems to be demanding . 
  if it makes you feel better , dude , then sure . 
  but i 'm actually a translator , so i know all about adjusting the tone of your writing to your audience . 
  dude , what are you doing wasting your time on reddit ? 
  let 's hope . 
  i do n't think u/oilfan94 is saying to ignore her/his screaming kids , but just not to stress out about flying with them . 
  you can maybe try ebay or amazon ? 
  i work in an animal shelter , and the sheer volume of animals we get astounds me . 
  i sincerely would like to know what reasons people have for not having their pets fixed ( official kennel-recognized breeders aside ) .
