   cheers to you for your good care . 
  sorry to butt in , but you should really see a professional about that . 
  a good trainer does n't assume their subject is dumb , but rather looks at what he or she is doing and why the message is n't getting across . 
  you might want to re-examine how you 're training her to sit . 
  is it consistent ? 
  are you doing it in different places all the time ? 
  are you in a different position each time ? 
  if so , try one particular context ... when she gets it there , try a different one , gradually changing up the situation and increasing distractions as you go . 
  you do well to worry , because they can drown . 
  i unfortunately know that from experience . 
  your guy probably will be fine , but do make sure that he has easy access to dry land . 
  cuz ' you ca n't just turn it off like that . 
  you need time to cool down , take a few breaths , etc. 
  you need time to figure out why you 're angry really . 
  this is the first time i have heard anyone else ever use the expression `` take your friends '' in that sense . 
  awesome . 
  man , i 'm close to saying `` twenty years ago '' right here , so i hear ya . 
  do you enjoy complicating your life ? 
  thanks . 
  i 've just never seen that in a cake recipe before . 
  any idea on what to do about the lumpiness ? 
  also , i did n't want to overmix , so i did n't just `` keep mixing '' ... 
  hmm ... 
  i never thought about alternating . 
  maybe i could try that . 
  thanks !, 
  as creepella_the_second said , provide lots of things to chew on . 
  try hiding treats , toys , treat-stuff-toys , etc. 
  in the yard before you let your dog out . 
  that should occupy him for quite a while . 
  try stuffing a kong with watered-down kibble ( put some of his dry food in water for a bit , allowing it to soften , and stuff it in the kong ) and freezing it . 
  that should take him a while to get through . 
  maybe tell your roommate to throw one of those out in the yard each time he lets the dog out ? 
  you actually do n't need to yell at the dog . 
  true dat . 
  in some cases , it might even excite the dog more . 
  similarly , you could use this to your advantage and give her her day 's rations while you 're training her . 
  absolutely . 
  once you find a treat she enjoys ( i really like littletoast 's idea of the soft treats like peanut butter ) , it 's a matter of saying her name , then giving her a treat , name , treat , name , treat ... then try calling her from further away , treat , etc. ) . 
  and as everyone already mentioned , patience is key . 
  good on you guys for taking her on !, 
  good luck !, 
  i 'm surprised no one has asked this yet , but what do you normally do when the dog lunges at people ? 
  how do you react ? 
  aside from taking walks later/earlier in the day , how have you tried to deal with this problem thus far ? 
  [ powersun ] ( http://zoomed.com/db/products/entrydetail.php?entryid=109&amp;databaseid=2&amp;searchid=5 ) . 
  it 's made by zoomed . 
  looks good to me . 
  ok , great . 
  that 's a good way to handle it . 
  the reason i asked is because sometimes , the owner 's reaction to the behaviour can actually make it worse . 
  and sometimes , the owner 's presence is what can make the dog lash out at others as well . 
  does your dog react like this when other people are walking him ? 
  you could try tying your dog to a post while you stand by , having someone walk by , and if your dog reacts aggressively , walking away . 
  does that make sense ? 
  it would teach your dog to associate that him reacting like this makes his beloved owner disappear . 
  i also think nocallbell 's advice is great , but i would suggest that ideally , you consult a trainer who uses positive reinforcement techniques ( like i said , you do n't want anyone punishing your dog for lashing out ... it could make things worse ) . 
  what she suggested would best be done in the presence of someone who could show you what specifically to look for and what to reward . 
  ( and to start small ... you do n't want to start right away using another dog as a trigger , since that 's too high a distraction at this point . ), 
  the investment is worth it . 
  reactive dogs are no fun ( i 'm sure he 's fun , but you know what i mean ) , and could be potentially dangerous . 
  good luck !, 
   stop before it gets to me . 
  -- quit while you 're ahead . 
  stop on a high note , even if you could have gone longer . 
  i 'd also say that you 're the one who seems frustrated , and it might be rubbing off on your dog . 
  training should be fun for both of you !, 
  also , it may be that you 're `` moving to the next level '' too quickly ... in that your dog is not yet ready . 
  you have to make sure that your dog has the initial behaviour down pat , and that she does it every single time you ask , before you move it up a notch . 
  i assume op 's gon na read the whole thread . 
  you 're nice . 
  aside from the cramped conditions and lack of a dry , basking area , the turtle looks pretty healthy . 
  maybe you could try to help by getting them a bigger aquarium and a basking platform and heat lamp ( she already seems to have a uv light ) . 
  seems like it would be a relatively easy thing to fix . 
  if the owners want to keep the turtle , that is ... 
  is [ this ] ( http://wichitafallsreptilerescue.webs.com/foundreptilerelocate.htm ) near your house ? 
  i just found it doing a quick google search . 
  you could try your local herp societies and see if they can refer you to a rescue organization . 
  that or have the fuckin ' owners do it !, 
  ( sorry , i know you 're trying to help , and i do n't mean to judge these people who `` suddenly do n't have anymore room for their pet '' ... but too late . 
  i did . ), 
  '' ... water was flowing from the broken hydrant at a rate of at least five litres an hour , according to eyeball estimates by several passersby . '', 
  -- that 's some solid reporting , gazette !, 
  ( seriously though , that situation sucks . ), 
  this . 
  the pup does n't seem to be picking up on the shep 's hints . 
  if the shep gets annoyed enough , he 'll let him know . 
  it might be a growl or a small snap or whatever . 
  either way , i would n't interfere much , because your shepherd seems to be doing a good job at communicating to the pup ... the pup needs to learn the shep 's body language , so if ever he does do a small snap to let him know `` hey , that 's enough !, 
  '' , it 's ok . 
  great !, 
  that kind of socialization will do wonders for your dog in the future . 
  a [ similar question ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/dogtraining/comments/1jqndc/problems_during_walks/ ) was asked last week . 
  hope it helps . 
  i agree . 
  i asked this in a thread once about a year ago . 
  all i got was `` why should i ? '', 
  type responses . 
  or like `` well , my dog never goes out unsupervised , so who cares '' kinda stuff . 
  general apathy all around .
