  also , ask yourself why you really want a jack as opposed to any other smaller breed . 
  good on you for looking into all of this beforehand , though . 
  i wish you guys all the best !, 
  there was a very interesting article about this that someone posted a few months ago . 
  ... ooh found it !, 
  definitely * not * peel pub . 
  just wondering ... how do you go about switching to a verbal marker ? 
  do you basically start to intersperse your clicks with `` yes '' 's , rewarding food for the clicks and something else for the yes 's ? 
  what is wrong with posting newspaper articles here ? 
  that 's what reddit does !, 
  not everyone has the time to do that . 
  i do n't need no whatever-lover to remind me about half the shit i see on reddit , but at other times , i appreciate the link because it 's something i may have missed otherwise . 
  lem me tell you something here . 
  and this may be hard to swallow ... 
  is n't . 
  about . 
  you . 
  and the `` i hate this subreddit because ... '' post . 
  yeah , but if it 's stuff that 's relevant to montreal and living in montreal , then who cares ? 
  there 's nothing in the rules that says you ca n't post newspaper articles . 
  and if said article is a waste of your time , then do n't click it . 
  the solution here is quite simple . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  but i find this whole post to be much ado about nothing . 
  then again , maybe i 've just been seeing a lot of `` this subreddit sucks and here 's why '' posts lately . 
  i thought these sort of things did n't happen in r/montreal !, 
  i 'm afraid i do n't agree with any of the comments saying that you should not restrict your turtle 's space . 
  i speak from personal experience when i say that your turtle * needs * a minimum of basking/uv time per day . 
  if he does n't ' get it , he can get sick in the long term ... as did mine . 
  i have an aquatic turtle who i 'd always let walk around the house during the day . 
  much like yours , mine would `` chill in the dark '' ( under the bed , a couch , whatever ) and stay mostly clear of the basking area i provided for her ( i always had one available , but she rarely used it ) . 
  over the long term ( like yours , around 20 years ) , she developed a respiratory infection ... which we now think was just a matter of her not getting proper nutrition , lighting , etc. 
  in all those years . 
  i would provide a terrarium ... or at least restrict the space your box turtle has . 
  ( he wo n't like it , of course , but between him not liking it for a while before he gets used to it and him getting sick in the long term , i 'd opt for the former . ), 
  provide a basking area with water and food , and provide a `` safe '' covered area where he can hide when he needs to . 
  i understand that it 's hard to build these things . 
  but maybe you can get some help from a friend ? 
   either way , you can start by just restricting a corner of a room or something until you come up with a better solution . 
  also , if you 're up for it , it would n't hurt to spend a few bucks and take the guy to the vet . 
  your investing in his health now will ensure that he 's around for a lot longer !, 
  it depends on where you live , who the vet is , etc. 
  mine specializes in reptiles and birds , and i have to go a ways out to see her , but it 's not much more than a regular vet appointment . 
  i think it 's around $ 50 for the evaluation . 
  note : that 's the evaluation only ; any tests , etc. 
  that they do subsequently are , of course , extra . 
  that 's awful . 
  poor sweetie . 
  :( i 'm surprised at how good her colouring is though !, 
  plus plek and gionta have great chemistry together , so i would imagine they do n't want to mess with that too much . 
  zootherapy works wonders . 
  this is great advice . 
  on a more `` scientific '' note , it 's effective as a means of positive reinforcement for the team . 
  doing those cheers feels good ( even though people may be shy/reluctant to do them at first ) ; if it feels good , people will want to do it more often , and therefore will want to do/repeat whatever it is that leads up to those cheers ( a killer move , for ex . ), 
  also , it 's kinda intimidating for the opposing team ( i know this from playing against teams that do this ... you kinda feel inadequate that your own shitty team does n't have as much spirit as these guys ) . 
  what kind of damage can they do ? 
  on a related note , what is happening when you get a clumpy texture to your butter and sugar mix , particularly after you add the egg ? 
  great advice , thanks !, 
  yeah , it could very well be a temperature issue ( where the eggs are concerned anyway ... the butter is always softened when i 'm at beating stage ) . 
  if i add the egg `` a little at a time '' as you said , this means one egg at a time , i take it ? 
  or should i ( very slightly ) mix the eggs together in a separate bowl and then pour them on a bit at a time ? 
  thanks !, 
  i tell myself to keep mixing , but i 'm afraid of overmixing . 
  is that a concern at this stage ? 
  yeah , that 's probably what i 've been doing . 
  damn me . 
  i 'll be more temperature-conscious next time for sure . 
  thanks again !, 
  awesome . 
  thanks !, 
  ( i had an issue with the statement too ), 
  you should get yourself one of [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_butter_dish ) . 
  they unfortunately do n't . 
  source : brother is a muralist . 
  of my brother 's stuff ? 
  i 'm not sure that he took pictures of the graffiti . 
  i just know he got tagged a few times and had to go back and repair a few walls . 
  ( and they were just shitty tags ... no art involved . ), 
  edit : i 'm just gon na go ahead and leave [ this ] ( http://www.villageofislington.com/photo_gallery/murals.html ) here though . 
  most of the stuff is my brother 's . 
  i wish i could upvote this more . 
  that comment was completely inappropriate , almost to the point of nullifying anything supportive that norice4u had to say about the reporter . 
  i 'm not sure what your third grade was like , but hopefully it was n't full of little boys saying they want to `` pound '' little girls . 
  as for me , i 'm an adult who has the right to agree or disagree with what i read , and state said agreement or disagreement in my comments . 
  speaking of 3rd grade , it 's `` you 're probably gon na have some trouble in life . '', 
  cheers though ; thanks for the life lesson . 
  oh i am fully aware of its pettiness . 
  it 's not as good as your `` if you do n't like it , you can leave '' comeback , though , i 'll admit . 
  these dogs are probably stressed by the very direct way in which people approach them . 
  stuff like looking at them directly in the eye , approaching them head-on , etc. 
  is seen as rather confrontational in the dog world . 
  you can try leaving a note for people just asking them to ignore the dogs in general , or to look away when the dogs look at them . 
  if you want to take it a bit further , and if people in your complex are open to getting educated a bit , you might want to read up a bit on `` calming signals '' ( see sidebar under `` canine body language '' ) . 
  these calming signals are basically what dogs use to express discomfort in a situation or to convey that they do n't want any conflict . 
  and many of them , we humans can use too to show the dog that we do n't want any trouble either . 
  if people in your complex are n't open to that idea , you can at least use the signals in your dealings with the dogs . 
  oh , and i really like the `` bait bucket '' idea too . 
  good luck !, 
  ummm ... on a more economical side , you can just place a small hand towel at the top of your mat for your hands . 
  i 've been doing that for years .
