  thanks . 
  and for those of us who this question does n't apply to , try to be reasonable with your upvotes and downvotes . 
  please do n't downvote just because you do n't agree with the comment . 
  i hope this is the right subreddit for this . 
  i have a 20 + year old female red-eared slider who i have been drydocking since july . 
  long story short , she had a respiratory infection , for which she received antibiotics . 
  she was not healing very well , and a few weeks after that , there occurred an incident which required us to start the treatment over again ( i basically put her back in the water too early , and she nearly drowned ... 
  i hate myself for it , but that 's another post , i guess ) . 
  she was put on different antibiotics and drydocked once again . 
  we finally took her off the meds about a month ago , but every time she goes in the water ( i give her daily 15-min baths to let her eat , drink , pee , etc. 
  ) , she shows signs of the respiratory infection again ( she sneezes , blows a few bubbles here and there ) . 
  right now , the vet thinks that she might have a physiological problem in which she is no longer able to fully block her throat when she is underwater and thus always risks getting some water in her respiratory system . 
  she is talking about maybe having to drydock her permanently . 
  just wondering if any of you have had any experience with this . 
  or would someone perhaps know where i could do more research on the matter ? 
  i 'm hoping to see the vet again this week , but i thought maybe i 'd get some other input first . 
  thanks so much !, 
  i brought some becherovka back from the czech republic , and i 'd like to have my family try it . 
  my father-in-law is gluten-free , however , and i 'm wondering if i can still give it to him . 
  ( in czech , it says it contains `` lih '' ( ethanol ) ) ... anyone know what base it might have ? 
  i brought some becherovka back from the czech republic , and i 'd like to have my family try it . 
  my father-in-law is gluten-free , however , and i 'm wondering if i can still give it to him . 
  ( in czech , it says it contains `` lih '' ( ethanol ) ) ... anyone know what base it might have ? 
  hey guys ... wondering if any of you would know where ( or if ) i can still see the hobbit in 48 fps in montreal . 
  i just called the scotia bank theatre downtown , and they told me they do n't show it in that format `` anymore '' ( though frankly , i 'm not 100 % sure that the girl knew what i was talking about ) . 
  i googled my question , and found two international lists that mention scotia bank , but maybe they 're out of date ? 
  also , please refrain from commenting on how awesome or unawesome the 48 fps is ... 
  i realize there are pros and cons . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  ... aside from le pourvoyeur and miss villeray ? 
   we 'd ideally like to watch a bit of the game . 
  thanks , guys !, 
  ... preferably something official and pretty . 
  it would be for a gift ( though i 'd probably get one for myself while i 'm at it ) . 
  i just set up my new zoomed powersun lamp , and the mounting instructions specifically say that it must point straight down since `` mounting this lamp at an angle will reduce its ` burn life ' and void any guarantee . '', 
  does anyone know why this is ? 
  will putting it at an angle actually affect the life of the lamp , or is this just a ploy for zoomed to get me to buy their lamp stand ? 
  any advice is appreciated !, 
  thanks !, 
  re : recipe below , i ca n't for the life of me figure out why they do n't want me to fold the flour mixture into the egg + sugar mixture . 
  rather , they say to mix it all together once i fold in the egg whites . 
  i 've always put egg whites in last when making cakes , so i do n't quite get this . 
  i made this recipe once before , and mixing it the way they ask makes the batter turn out all lumpy ( and the lady fingers , although fine on the inside , look chunky on the outside ) . 
  any help would be appreciated . 
  hey guys . 
  i 'm on the market for a ( ladies ' ) volleyball shoe . 
  i do n't trust my local sports store to provide educated information ( although they 're called sports experts , the `` expert '' part is ... well ... somewhat lacking ) , so i was wondering if you could help me out . 
  aside from good cushioning , are there any features i should be looking for ? 
  something like lateral support , maybe ? 
  also , i noticed last year that i started to get shin splints , and was hoping for a more performant shoe that would help cushion the landings . 
  any advice would be appreciated . 
  hey guys . 
  i 'm trying to get into making macarons , and my recipe book calls for `` liquefied '' egg whites , meaning you leave them in the fridge for several days in order for them to lose their elasticity . 
  i guess i have two questions . 
  ( 1 ) is there a significant difference in the quality of real egg whites ( cracking open an egg and separating ) and the store bought carton kind ( where i live , they mostly sell [ this ] ( http://www.burnbraefarms.com/consumer/our_products/liquid_simply_egg_whites.htm ) ) ? 
  ( 2 ) would the eggs purchased in the carton be considered as liquefied already ? 
  or do i still need to set them aside for a few days ( in a bowl , with saran wrap and holes punched in for air ) ? 
  i 'd love to be able to buy just the whites for this stuff , cuz ' as much as i tell myself i 'll use the leftover yokes for something , it rarely ends up happening and i wind up having to throw them out . 
  thanks , guys !, 
  i 'm on the market for a thermostat ( most likely for my turtle 's heating pad ) . 
  i 'm looking at the [ jumpstart ] ( http://www.bigappleherp.com/bah-1000-thermostat ) vs. the [ bah-1000dc ] ( http://www.amazon.ca/jumpstart-digital-thermostat-heat-mats/dp/b000nzzg3s/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&qid=1390878133&sr=8-1&keywords=reptile+thermostat ) for now . 
  the latter seems like it might be safer ? 
  have you had any experience with either ? 
  is there another that you would recommend ? 
  thanks !, 
  edit : `` jumpstart '' and `` bah-1000dc '' are hyperlinks . 
  not sure why that does n't show up as blue on my end . 
  please see our [ posting ] ( http://duproprio.com/condo-for-sale-plateau-mont-royal-quebec-en-494730 ) for further details , and feel free to pm me for any questions !, 
  thanks !, 
  hey guys !, 
  i 've been meaning to look into this `` project '' for a while now , and it just occurred to me that i can refer to my most favouritest subreddit ( ok , one of ) for help !, 
  i 'm looking for czech covers of pop songs from the 70 's and 80 's . 
  stuff like petra jan\u016f 's u\u017e nejsem voln\u00e1 , and whoever it is that did the czech version of rod stewart 's young turks ( the title of which i can not remember in czech for the life of me ! ) . 
  if anyone can help me out with some youtube links , or even just titles and singers ' names , i 'd hugely appreciate it . 
  i remember this stuff from my youth , but the actual names of songs and performers elude me . 
  thanks in advance , guys !, 
  i 'd love to share this stuff with my family and friends ( and my boyfriend in particular ... 
  i 've told him about these songs so often ) !, 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm about 31 weeks pregnant and am wondering when is a good time to stop going to class . 
  i 've been going to regular ( level one-ish ) classes so far , and lately i see myself as having a bit of trouble keeping up . 
  i still do most of what the rest of the class does , with the odd adjustment here and there . 
  i think it 's mostly the transitions that get to me ( going into a lunge from downward dog , for example ) . 
  i do n't mind doing my own thing at home , but i find that going to class motivates me more , and makes me do poses that i normally would n't do at home . 
  then again , i realize that i will have to stop eventually . 
  just wondering what other people 's experience has been in this respect . 
  how long did you make it before giving up class ? 
  and why did you stop going ? 
  thanks in advance for the input !, 
  could anyone please help me on this id ? 
  i looked through a few bolete-related internet things , and this was the best i could come up with . 
  the cap is a reddish-brown , yellowing slightly at the edges . 
  the hymenium is a reddish orange , turning a blackish blue very quickly when touched . 
  the flesh is yellow at first , and quickly turns blue as well when exposed to air . 
  i found a few of these ( various ages , as you can see ) in the lanaudi\u00e8re region in qu\u00e9bec , canada . 
  any help would be appreciated . 
  thanks !, 
  ( oh , and yeah ... ideally i 'd eat if , if that 's a good idea . ), 
  ** pics in comments , sorry guys !, 
  ( eesh ... it 's been a while since i 've posted on reddit ),
