  and i do n't own any lululemon clothes . 
  would like to know where you 're getting this stereotype from . 
  i agree that they 're obscenely priced ... which is why i do n't buy them ( i 'd like to , though ... damn you , lululemon !! ) . 
  anyway , there are a lot of students that go to my yoga studio , which is why i was thinking that probably not many of them would have lots of dough . 
  everytime i see him , i ca n't get over how great he looks !, 
  that man is like 900 years old !!, 
  do n't worry about it . 
  i had the same thing happen to me at 20 . 
  all of a sudden , the radio started playing shit like nickelback and three days grace or three doors down or whatever . 
  i was like `` ok , well i guess this is where i start talking like my dad . '', 
  anyways ... thankfully after that i discovered the internet ... and downloading ... and realized that if you really make an effort to find cool stuff to relate to , you will . 
  just find what * your it * is . 
  i would have also accepted scooter from the muppets . 
  i want to go to there . 
  hehe ... 
  i do n't know know about the `` constant '' factor . 
  i grew up in canada , so we had a bunch of canadian bands to add to the mix ( stuff like i mother earth , the tragically hip , etc. ) . 
  it 's not stuff i 'll necessarily listen to now , but at the time i appreciated it . 
  i just remember there being a distinct summer where i was like `` yup ... well i guess this is as far as it goes for me . '', 
  ... and it was around my 20th year ... and it was a notable difference ... 
  and dear god , the spew that nickelback churns out ... 
  do you know about the toaster project by thomas thwaites ( you can check it out in ted talks ) ? 
  if your dad likes tinkering with stuff , he might appreciate the book . 
  thank you !!!, 
  i tried explaining to my boyfriend that this is the reason i always turn the heating up when i take a shower . 
  i 'm totally showing him this !, 
  what , turtles ? 
  you can find them in your local pet shop . 
  you should mess with your company 's ordering system so that it all your shipments are for tall cans sold as singles . 
  thank you !!, 
  said friend here !, 
  the throwing up on the bus ride back is only hilarious in retrospect . 
  it 's kind of a weird mixture of both for me too . 
  if i 'm into you , i 'll be shy and look away from time to time , maybe , but i 'll also make sure to look at you and pay attention while you 're talking . 
  usually a good indication of her not being into you ( or just being your friend ) is her looking around for her friends or other guys to flirt with ... this depends on where you are and such , of course . 
  but ... 
  it 's only monday !, 
  i obviously do n't know where you live , but i somehow doubt that overpopulation would be a problem in your area . 
  i just wan na know . 
  did you just now scan those because they were relevant to the post , or did you digitize them a long time ago in hopes that your moment would one day come ? 
  hehe ... they 're freakin ' awesome , btw !, 
  it 's actually a display of the dog being horny and doing something that feels good . 
  well considering that in other countries it actually goes as far as physical fighting , i 'd say we 're not doing quite all bad . 
  that 's awesome . 
  kudos to your parents . 
  how the fuck does an ambulance cost that much ?!?!, 
  i do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  before the arab spring , there was the prague spring ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/prague_spring ) , which i always assumed the arab movement was named after . 
  havel represented the ideals of freedom and peaceful revolution . 
  is n't that what the middle east and ows wants as well ? 
  i hope he was able to avoid the horror of lulu before he died . 
  still . 
  pretty freakin crazy . 
  here in quebec ( canada ) it 's $ 125 plus $ 1.75 per kilometer . 
  sure , but ows wants less corruption in their government ( given their ties to corporations , etc. 
  ) , as did the czechoslovaks and the arabs . 
  i realize it 's not the same kind of revolution , but a lot of the ideas behind it are similar . 
  yeah , it 's a basic cost . 
  mind you , the government website does state that what we pay is merely a fraction of the actual cost . 
  still though ... $ 1500 ... daaaaamn !, 
  no , but maybe it 's the beginning of one . 
  hahahaha !, 
  man , i thought rhetoric like this could only be found in fox news !, 
  anyways , thanks for the laughs . 
  wow !, 
  i 'm sorry to hear you had to go through all that . 
  not to mention the second kick in the ass you must 've felt when you got the bill . 
  i hope you get through it all ok . 
  i said `` corruption in their government . '', 
  i also said that i realized that it 's not the same kinda deal , so please do n't twist my words . 
  also , i do indeed believe that i would know what the `` czechs were concerned about '' given that it is those very reasons that me and my family came to canada . 
  from czechoslovakia . 
  so ... yeah . 
  it 's probably not odd at all that it would feel `` weird '' the very first time you wear it . 
  eventually you wo n't feel it at all . 
  frankly , i never wear mine the first day of my period . 
  i think i 'm too sensitive or something . 
  also , i find that the further you stick it up , the less likely it is to cause discomfort ( from the tip rubbing against the base of your ... stuff ) . 
  plus he has n't actually really * done * anything . 
  i know that sometimes i have trouble gripping the tip ( cuz ' it gets a bit slippery ) . 
  in that case , i just pinch it with some folded toilet paper . 
  hope that helps ( or makes sense for that matter ) . 
  good luck !, 
  and good on you buying the cup !, 
  i 've used it for about 4 years now and have never regretted it !, 
  hmmm ... probably none , to be honest . 
  but i 'm pretty much always sitting on the toilet whenever i remove it . 
  just make sure to remove it relatively slowly , and you should be good . 
  it 's so worth it !, 
  the money you save alone is worth giving it a shot . 
  if you 're worried about leaks , just wear a pantiliner until you feel you have the right fit . 
  i think you did pretty damn good for an * anyone !, 
  i realize this post was from a month ago , but i see that your question was never answered . 
  i say absolutely ( to your `` does the 5 mins outside then come back in and then change it to 10 minutes etc. . . actually work '' question ) . 
  dogs have an odd concept of time ( as far as we know ) , and you need to show them that your going away only means that you 'll eventually come back . 
  if you can , do take the time to do this exercise with your dog , but i would start off at even a smaller interval than 5 minutes at first ( ex . 
  go out the door , close it , wait a second or two , come back in , give the dog a treat -- for not barking ) . 
  repeat the exercise again , this time at 5 seconds , then 10 , then 30 , 1 minute , 2 minutes , 5 minutes , etc. , each time giving him a treat for not having barked . 
  when you have time the next day or whatever , do it for longer intervals , each time giving the dog a treat for not having barked . 
  if he can manage an hour or even more , give him something awesome ... like a kong stuffed with peanut butter or something that he likes .
