not to take the attention away from these guys or anything , but this story reminds me a great deal of a father-son duo from my `` hometown '' of london , ontario . 
  the son was around my age and went to my highschool . 
  he had muscular dystrophy . 
  the dad was ( is ? ), 
  a reporter for the local news station , and he went on a run ( pushing his son 's wheelchair the whole time ) accross ontario to raise money for muscular dystrophy research , etc. 
  he raised 1.3 million dollars . 
  two years later , he went on another run ( walk ) , this time across canada by himself , and managed to raise around 2 million . 
  sadly , it turns out ( as i just found out while researching this for you guys ) that his son , jesse , died of the disease a couple of years ago . 
  a brief version of their story is here , if you guys want to read it : http://www.lfpress.com/news/london/2009/11/07/11666431-sun.html, 
  anyway , they 're kinda local heroes in london , and i guess i never realized how much they actually accomplished . 
  people like this are truly inspirational . 
  it 's only the final day for the christians anyway . 
  the rest of us get to stay here for a few more years ... gay sex and abortions for everyone !!, 
  yeah , i got ta say i was a bit disappointed . 
  i thought at least he was going to walk away with it accidentally !, 
  hehe ... you have a point . 
  it just surprises me that this makes buying socks out to be such a big thing . 
  i mean , they even sell them in drugstores now !, 
  yeah , said friend here . 
  we can indeed screw with eachother like that . 
  which is why i 'm downvoting him . 
  :d mission . 
  accomplished . 
  you , sir , are a prophet . 
  everything this man says is true , and i never knew it until i dated a crazy . 
  i would suprise myself in the way i would react about some stuff ... like in some of the arguments we 'd have . 
  it 's like i did n't recognize myself . 
  crazy brings out the crazy in you , so dating crazy is good since technically it helps you recognize ( and later avoid ) these kinds of situations . 
  in the same way , being with someone awesome brings out your awesome . 
  i am now with someone who 's the most chill and understanding person ever , and we have a relationship that reflects that . 
  welcome to our world . 
  -- signed , women . 
  yeah . 
  seems like a good kid . 
  i just hope you 're not unloading all your burdens on him ( or her ) to make him feel like he has to reassure you all the time . 
  what the fuck does what she looks like now have to do with anything ? 
  well there you go . 
  cheers . 
  i do n't really get why you all need to segregate yourselves as smokers and non-smokers . 
  at my office , people take breaks . 
  some of us may have a cigarette , some of us may not . 
  you take a break with the people you want to chill with . 
  i do n't get all the us vs. them crap . 
  if you 're a non-smoker , just make it a point to take a break now and then ... whether it 's to surf the net or go outside and take a small walk . 
  you 're one of those guys who bids $ 501 on the price is right after your neighbour has bid $ 500 , are n't you ? 
  go go google translate !, 
  also , i love how right beside it is an ad for a video on how to conquer women . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  try emailing them ? 
  maybe he 's actually a stripper . 
  man . 
  bastienne is totally gon na get her ass kicked by those bullies . 
  just wondering ... what would make someone a `` pretty big deal '' on reddit ? 
  would it be that they would post a lot ? 
  would it be that others recognize his or her name and reference it often ? 
  are we really that surprised ? 
  it 's a tabloid that regularly features topless women on its pages and stalks celebrities to get news tidbits that wind up being modified anyway . 
  if that does n't cater to a sexist and sensationalist work environment , then i do n't know what does . 
  i think the `` do what you have to do to get a result '' thing says it all . 
  all rightee then !, 
  awe ... some . 
  this article has more info : http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/24/us/24rig.html, 
  `` rather than conducting their own independent analysis , federal regulators , in a break from usual practice , allowed bp in 2007 to write its own environmental review for the project as well as its own consultation documents relating to the endangered species act . . '', 
  buggers . 
  by `` necessity , '' do you mean `` greed ? '', 
  i got excited for a minute there cuz ' i thought you meant free refills of foster 's . 
  i do n't know if i 'd call bbq quintessentially american . 
  it 's huge in australia and in many parts of argentina too . 
  and depending on what you mean by `` deli sandwich , '' they 're all over europe ( at least central and eastern ) and in many parts of canada ( montreal , for example , where they have a huge jewish population ) . 
  whoever mentioned clam chowder made a good point . 
  i do n't know of any other places that really make that ( other than the maritimes in canada ) . 
  why not just `` fries ? '', 
  why not just `` fries ? '', 
  good point . 
  the tea party included . 
  it 's post titles like these , sir , that make it impossible to take you seriously in terms of grammar . 
  you should be thankful that anyone acknowledges your face . 
  i 'm surprised that the poverty thing has rarely been raised in this post . 
  the stealing , the social housing and education problems , the racism and the community 's `` apparent '' unwillingness to adapt to modern society ... are n't these all common by-products of , as aforementioned says , a vicious cyble of poverty ? 
  i look at european people 's racism and general fear of gypsies ( and i 'm from a country that has had more than its share of these issues -- my own family back in europe is racist as fuck when it comes to gypsies ) , and all i can think of are the little kids from the ghetto in the wire . 
  i realized that the cultural differences of gypsies and people in , say , inner-city baltimore are significant ... but are n't there many similarities at hand as well ? 
  not really . 
  they 're kids and he 's a celebrity . 
  you mouse n't be serious . 
  i think you mean `` your . '', 
  thanks for checking this out , guys . 
  a guy i dated for about a month ( so you know ... figure he 's interested ) dumped me in the back alley of the restaurant we both worked at . 
  i mean ... as far as being dumped is concerned , it 's probably the most appropriate where one could do this . 
  still though . 
  true . 
  plus morse code is so not-cool-anymore that it 's actually cool . 
  i live in montreal . 
  they put it up a few months ago . 
  i wish i could tell you that it made a difference in the way people behave . 
  i really do . 
  i 'd like to know whatever happened to covering your mouth when you yawn . 
  * nobody * does that anymore !, 
  did parents stop teaching their kids this at some point ? 
  did we just get lazy ? 
  can we bring this back , please ?
