  what you described in your 2nd paragraph is great !, 
  keep on doing that , working on increasing your time intervals . 
  after she 's cool with you being in the other room for a while , start doing the same exercise from square one , but actually leaving the house this time , as legal_beagle suggested ( yes , she does know you 're home ... they have that damn sense of smell of theirs ) . 
  came here to say this . 
  seriously , who the fuck are those guys in the pic . 
  i learned `` watch me '' in the following way :, 
  put the treat up to your eye level . 
  the dog looks at the treat ( i.e. 
  you ) , you click and reward ( you are clicking with your other hand , of course ) . 
  do this a few times to make sure the dog gets the hang of it . 
  after the dog has it down , put the treat up to your eye level , but right after put it behind your back ... the dog will stare at your hand for a while , but should eventually look up at you , as if to say `` wtf , dude ? '', 
  as soon as she looks up at you , you click and reward . 
  again , do this a few more times , clicking every time her eyes meet yours . 
  eventually , work on clicking her after she has gazed at you for a second , two seconds , three , five , ten , etc. 
  it 's not a matter of how high you are . 
  the dog will eventually look up at your face . 
  technically , you should be in whatever stance you normally take when training ( most likely , this will be you standing up in front of your dog ) ... at least to begin with . 
  once your dog has it down in that sort of a setting , you can work sitting down , being in other environments , etc. 
  hope that makes sense . 
  good luck !, 
  and good on you to start clicker training !, 
  hope it 's the start of something awesome . 
  antidote :, 
  the writers of homeland . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  he * raised * them . 
  it 's not like they 're infants either ; they 're teenagers . 
  the botanical gardens have the odd workshop here and there on gardening , i believe . 
  checked their site , and so far i can only find [ this ] ( http://espacepourlavie.ca/en/green-pages ) ... but i 'd check back regularly or even call . 
  they might have stuff coming up closer to the spring . 
  as a lot of people already suggested , your dogs might very well be bored . 
  the `` sandbox '' suggestion is great . 
  i 'd also make sure that you always have toys and treats around the yard so they have stuff to do , and change the toys up now and then so they do n't get tired of them . 
  someone suggested bones , which is great . 
  another idea would be to stuff a kong full of something awesome ( mashed up kibble and treats with added peanut butter , for example ) and freeze it overnight . 
  it takes the dogs a lot more time to get the good stuff out if it 's frozen !, 
  one more thing . 
  if you 're taking them out just before or after their meal times , you could try giving them their meals in the yard instead ... dumping out the food dish throughout the yard so that they work at finding every bit of kibble . 
  a busy nose is a happy nose !, 
  ( what ? ), 
  i was n't gon na upvote , but ... dirty ass hell . 
  i do n't know what they are , but i really hope you 're not pulling on them , but cutting instead . 
  i 'd keep a sample of it and take it to the vet to have tested . 
  good luck !, 
  montrealer here . 
  they implemented the same thing in our metro about a year or two ago . 
  same deal . 
  nah , they 're just foxes with no skill in dealing with difficult or delicate situations . 
  the important thing you need to remember is that housebreaking is all about managing your ( and obviously your dog 's ) environment . 
  first off ( and this is your easiest solution ) , do not leave the door to that room open . 
  whether you are home or not . 
  if that 's the only place he pees , there might be something in the room that causes him to pee in it . 
  an odour , most likely . 
  you can try purchasing some nature 's miracle to clean up his messes ... because regular soap , vinegar , or cleaning spray is rarely effective enough to properly mask or eliminate odours . 
  even many so-called `` pet urine '' products are ineffective . 
  if he is n't having problems anywhere else in the house , or while someone else is there , this could be enough to eliminate the problem . 
  if he still has setbacks , or if they become more frequent , you might have to look at crate training him and keeping him in his crate while you 're away ( crate training has been addressed many times on this forum , so you should be ok to do an r/dogtraining search for crate training techniques ) . 
  otherwise , good on you for signing up for training classes . 
  are they postitive reinforcement classes ? 
  the last thing you want is someone telling you to punish your dog for peeing ... that 'll only confuse him more and may lead to more accidents/weirdness in the future . 
  tl ; dr : close the door !, 
  cool . 
  if possible , and especially if you live in a snowy part of the world , check his urine to see if there 's any discolouration ( like blood ) . 
  surefire way to see if you need to go see the vet stat . 
  yup . 
  keep an eye on the leaves , if anything . 
  if they start to turn brown and wilt , you got a problem on your hands . 
  otherwise , the plant seems fine . 
  to add to this , i 'd suggest you work on your demeanor when coming home . 
  basically , try not to get your dog overexcited by greeting him in an excited manner . 
  come in , take off your coat , and do your usual routine , but try actually ignoring the dog , only giving him praise and attention once he has calmed down . 
  this will be hard , because you 're probably just as excited to see him after a long day of work , but nevertheless . 
  do n't reinforce his jumpiness with your attention . 
  ask your guests to do the same when they come over . 
  it 's people like you who ... force the grocery store into selling the single bananas together at a discounted price !!!, 
  ... keep up the good work !, 
  you guys all need to chill and learn how to make banana bread . 
  exactly , i almost look forward to my bananas going brown ... like `` sweet , two more and i can make muffins ! '', 
  and right on with the smoothies . 
  i always forget about that . 
  ... especially if you have a baby on the way . 
  `` leave it '' is almost essential to teach your dog , particularly if you have years of kids-dropping-things-on-the-floor to look forward to . 
  there was a great video someone posted last week about this command . 
  [ there we go . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipt5k1gaxhc ), 
  yeah , i live with one . 
  weirdos . 
  boy , this article just picks and chooses what it wants to comment on , does n't it ? 
  it was making fun of clooney . 
  i fail to see how it was offensive to women . 
  in fact , there were several cracks at clooney being a `` ladies ' man '' ( or whatever you want to call it ) , much like there were ones aimed at jack nicholas being the same . 
  what about the bit with channing tatum waxing ? 
  the author certainly fails to mention how offensive that was to us ladies . 
  i find seth macfarlane to be quick-witted and funny . 
  i watch family guy and american dad , i follow him twitter , etc. , and he makes just as many jokes about women as he does about men ( he does n't leave anyone out ... he makes fun of gays as much as heterosexuals , blacks as much as whites , and religious people as much as atheists ) . 
  the academy knew what it was getting into when it hired him as a host . 
  frankly , i found his `` i do n't give a fuck '' attitude to be refreshing . 
  the `` we saw your boobs '' song ? 
  knowing seth macfarlane , he totally would 've done a `` we saw your junk '' song had there been enough fodder available to do so . 
  that 's pretty much the same article .
