  i am really not interested in seeing your dental work or lack thereof . 
  i love how it 's called `` taxing achievement '' ... like those of us who earn less do n't achieve shit all . 
  how do you see your iphone screen using that thing ? 
  also , your boss is a wanker . 
  sweet . 
  i 'm actually gon na send that to my boyfriend . 
  he 's looking for a new one . 
  cheers ( to you and your boss ) !, 
  she makes my panties fit weird . 
  for the record , the reporter who wrote this article wrote `` it is a small victory , but the thought of having it in the rest of spain and still having correbous ( local fiestas ) here does not make me happy ... '' now unless my spanish has failed me , it 's `` corridas . '', 
  a `` corrida de toros '' is a bullfight in spanish , and i know of no spanish construction that ends in `` bous '' ( correct me if i 'm wrong , spanish speakers ) . 
  all this to say that dude , you should not be apologizing for your english . 
  damn you , catalans !, 
  you and your smug knowledge of your own language !, 
  i shake my ` puny ' at you !!!, 
  are you saying that correcting someone for , for example , writing `` there going to the store '' instead of `` they 're going to the store '' is archaic and irrelevant ? 
  grammar exists for a purpose , my friend . 
  it * does * aid communication . 
  and while i agree that many people ( i myself have been guilty of this ) are smug in their corrections , many actually do it because they do n't like the bastardization of the english language by native english speakers who just do n't seem to give a fuck . 
  i appreciate the poster 's concern about this matter , but it 's not something that he should take personally . 
  many people are here to help . 
  next time someone comes off as a prick , just tell them off in german !, 
  also , fango , your last sentence was totally a comma splice . 
  are you saying that correcting someone for , for example , writing `` there going to the store '' instead of `` they 're going to the store '' is archaic and irrelevant ? 
  grammar exists for a purpose , my friend . 
  it * does * aid communication . 
  and while i agree that many people ( i myself have been guilty of this ) are smug in their corrections , many actually do it because they do n't like the bastardization of the english language by native english speakers who just do n't seem to give a fuck . 
  i appreciate the poster 's concern about this matter , but it 's not something that he should take personally . 
  many people are here to help . 
  next time someone comes off as a prick , just tell them off in german !, 
  also , fango , your last sentence was totally a comma splice . 
  if anybody can be defined as narcissistic , i 'm pretty sure that arnold would be a safe bet . 
  ditto on the `` soon , '' nix on the stalking ( unless it is blatantly obvious that it is from you -- sorry , i had a `` friend '' do this to me once in university . 
  it freaked the fuck out of me ) . 
  find out what kind of stuff there 's to do nearby ( i.e. 
  visit a giant statue of a lobster or something that 's just outside her town ) , and tell her how you 've always wanted to do such things . 
  if she likes penises , knit her one . 
  this wo n't clue her in to your visit , of course ; it would just be really really funny . 
  true dat . 
  your reality is what you make it to be ( and please do n't downvote me on this . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of the argument of facts vs. beliefs , etc. 
  i 'm just saying that people believe what they want to believe , and they build their entire lives around that . 
  we do it everyday in terms of our relationships with others , with the way we perceive the media , with the way we remember events , blah blah blah ) . 
  he 's part of the 99 % . 
  is that you ? 
  the roof of my mouth , by the dental assistant . 
  `` wow , what a great-looking palette ! '', 
  wtf ? 
  you 're pretty freakin ' awesome . 
  yeah , this talks about the `` first fairtrade labeled mars product . '', 
  i think the keyword here is `` labeled . '', 
  fair trade is a big deal , whether it be in chocolate , coffee or whatever , and companies that practice fair trade methods will want the customer to know , and thus * will * label their products as such . 
  whatever that song is that plays in kill bill when o'ren ishii 's gang arrives at the bar . 
  ah ... here it is !, 
  awww ... yeeeeaahhh . 
  i would also like to give you money . 
  can you make that doughnut from the excel gum commercials ? 
  i love that guy !!, 
  your wife is pterobly talented . 
  it would be embarrassing/awkward * once . 
  * ( maybe twice ) , 
  compared to a lifetime of exploring and having fun with it , i 'd say that 's not all bad . 
  yeah , i do n't think he was saying to go down to skid row and pick one out . 
  a lot of escort services are professional agencies that treat you as a client and not some sick scumbag . 
  the other day , there was an occupy montreal dude holding a `` free hugs '' sign at the metro station i get off at every day . 
  i still do n't know why i did n't comply . 
  next time i see that guy , i 'm gon na hug the fuck out of him . 
  thanks for that . 
  btw , that little look he gives the camera in 1:48 is priceless . 
  but is n't that how all news is shared on facebook ? 
  engagements , pregnancies , births , deaths , break-ups , blah blah blah ? 
  you ca n't really be selective about the news you receive . 
  hehe . . listen , i agree with everything that you say . 
  i myself am not on facebook ... partly because i want to avoid crap like this . 
  but yeah , people post what they want to post , whether it 's appropriate or not . 
  i just think it comes with the territory ... so if you 're on facebook , you get stuff like this thrown in your face whether you want to or not . 
  and please do n't judge me with your `` death ( for most people , maybe not you ) is on a different level '' thing . 
  birth is also a pretty big deal ( for most people ) . 
  seriously !, 
  plus it 's a huge motherfuckin ' lawn !, 
  you , sir , have a huge motherfuckin ' lawn . 
  now please shut the fuck up . 
  i do n't think i said that you brought it upon yourself . 
  i 'm saying it 's a fact of modern life to come across stuff like this in social media . 
  but fuck ... dammit , why are we arguing !!?!? 
  i * agree * with you !!, 
  people on social media should be more sensitive about this kind of stuff !!, 
  i 'm sorry for everything i said !!!, 
  please take me back !!!, 
  i have a balcony , and i consider myself quite fortunate in that it 's about twice the size of my old one . . which was big enough to fit a tiny table and two chairs . 
  this would be great if it was a double rainbow . 
  awesome . 
  what about your gwar face ? 
  i 'd probably go on about how much i fuckin ' love me , man !, 
  i 'm upvoting you because i 'm pretty sure my dad has done the same at some point in the last 10 years . 
  tell him that hemingway will be a safe bet for next year . 
  seriously ? 
  no dark matter / nibbler jokes ? 
  yoga person here . 
  trust me , i am far from having too much money .
