  i think you guys are getting way into the technicalities , here . 
  if you mean that they were occupied during wwii , then yes , sure . 
  but to say that it did n't exist is a bit strong . 
  it 's like saying that tibet does n't exist now . 
  op 's family emigrated from czechoslovakia in ww2 . 
  to them , they were leaving czechoslovakia . 
  they are from czechoslovakia . 
  they did n't emigrate from the-government-in-exile-forrmerly-known-as-czechoslovakia , and op does n't want to know how he can learn the-language-of-the-government-in-exile-forrmerly-known-as-czechoslovakia . 
  where 's the one of patrick stewart ? 
  edit : [ hellooooo !, 
  ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/a8e25d2c09291ddea74fe76eb9c1fd10/tumblr_mllbi2xkh01r116c2o2_1280.png ), 
  [ and this !, 
  ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/c86f068c3d74cb79c05faeb256445a4b/tumblr_mlogs9yfyj1qcvlw1o1_500.jpg ), 
  why could n't we vote in the tattooed guy again ? 
  ezra , everytime i eat libert\u00e9 yoghurt , i think of you . 
  is this weird ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'll look into getting a vertical lamp ( grumble grumble ) . 
  it should probably be fine for a few days , right ? 
  yeah , you 're probably right ; those things do n't come cheap either . 
  they look like healthy turtles . 
  all the best to them and cheers to you and your crew !, 
  whereabouts are you releasing them ? 
  i think both of you make valid points . 
  perhaps a good thing to do so both sides win out would be to get the dog to associate ryn_kat 's departure with something cool . 
  so basically , ryn_kat visits , dog is happy . 
  as ryn_kat is leaving , the dog gets a wicked treat or a walk outside rather than having to go back to his kennel all by his lonesome . 
  do you work at kawartha ? 
  or little res q ? 
  those are the only rescues i know in ontario . 
  i guess kawartha has their own vet , so i 'll assume the latter . 
  either way , cheers . 
  turtle rescuers are awesome . 
  too many people take too little care of their pet turtles , and people like you are much needed and greatly appreciated . 
  i never thought of that !, 
  i will google it for sure . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  you know what ? 
  i might have actually spoken to you on the phone before . 
  i live in montreal , and as there are no turtle rescues here ( that i know of ) , i was looking to donate some of my turtle 's old stuff . 
  i think we agreed that next time i was in town ( my brother lives in the toronto area ) , i 'd drive it down . 
  have n't made it down since , but i 'll hopefully be making a trip this summer . 
  i 'll let you know in advance ( to see if it 's stuff you actually still need/want , for one ) . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  also , he 's a football coach . 
  a football coach . 
  i 'm sorry , but what kind of `` credibility '' do you need in order to relate that something is or is n't aesthetically pleasing to you ? 
  frankly , this kind of thinking is what makes people think they 're not `` worthy '' to express their opinions on art and thus avoid it in general . 
  everyone can and should express their opinions on art for the particular reason that it speaks differently to everyone . 
  the fact that there are people in this thread who love this work and defend their love of it and people who hate it and defend said hate is precisely what art is all about ; it gets you talking and thinking . 
  hehe ... 
  i 'll give you my upvote if only for the `` sure , sometimes . 
  definitely not all of the time '' comment , which made me chuckle . 
  i think i know what you 're getting at ; our culture , at least as far as the internet/youtube comments/reddit is concerned , is definitely very apt ( if that 's the right word , and i somehow think it 's not ) at immediately expressing their opinions prior to giving them much thought . 
  i suppose i was looking at it from a personal angle . 
  my brother is an artist , and once we were hanging out with a friend of mine , looking at one of his pieces . 
  he asked what she thought of it , and she said something along the lines of `` oh i 'm not one to ask about this kind of stuff . '' ... 
  to which he replied `` well actually , you are . '', 
  i love that we went from art to computer programming . 
  what a great program !, 
  this should be implemented in more schools . 
  if it 's only for 1\u00a01/2 weeks , you 'll be fine . 
  turtles are very resilient . 
  how do you know diegofloyd has n't been wondering this for years ? 
  i know you have , man . 
  i know . 
  i wish i had known now very important maintaining proper temperature was . 
  i gave my turtle proper water temperature and a basking area , but i also let her walk around the house a lot , often for a good part of the day . 
  so yeah ... not the proper temperature . 
  she ended up developing a respiratory infection that she 's still fighting off to this day . 
  trust me , i know . 
  and i have . 
  it 's a big of a long story with her , but she was treated . 
  great , now i have that song in my head . 
  you might want to contact your local herpetological society or animal shelter ( * shelter * ... not animal control ) . 
  they should be able to point you in the right direction ( whether or not to release him , where , whether to surrender him to them , etc. 
  i hope you crack a window . 
  am i. . . still ... on ... reddit ? 
  canadian/montrealer here . 
  until i saw the names , i honestly thought this was another post from r/montreal or r/canada . 
  edit : corruption / arrests / envelopes of money are in the news almost every day these days . 
  lobbyists and crooks ? 
  -- check, 
  off-shore bank accounts ? 
  -- check, 
  klaus-like politician ? 
  -- check, 
  robbed by amoral businessmen and politicians ? 
  -- check, 
  a few arrests ? 
  -- check, 
  and thanks for the history lesson . 
  i am both czech and canadian , so i can imagine my homeland with that kind of history quite easily . 
  poor dear . 
  my turtle had a similar thing a few years back . 
  she was walking all wobbly because they were all on one side . 
  there was danger of her not laying it ( for which reason i ca n't remember ... 
  i think it was because it had been a while since the last one she laid ) , so the vet gave her some hormones and kept her overnight . 
  she ended up laying it and all was well . 
  anyway , keep an eye on her .
