  9 weeks old is a young pup !, 
  whatever you do , be sure to properly socialize the little one . 
  if your parents have other dogs or cats , great ( i 'd avoid dog parks for now though , but one-on-one socialization is a great way to get your dog to `` speak dog '' ) !, 
  if kids come around to the house , awesome !, 
  different races and genders , sweet !, 
  essentially , you want your dog to get comfortable with as many things as possible while he 's young enough to absorb them without fear . 
  i work at a shelter and i could n't stress this enough . 
  i was with a woman the other day who wanted a kitten instead of an adult cat because said adult cat would already have its share of baggage , and she did n't want to deal with that . 
  i tried telling her that with an adult , at least you sorta know what you 're getting into , whereas with a kitten , you do n't know its personality yet ... it 's got a `` kitten personality '' ... it 's like a lottery . 
  but nope . 
  she did n't want `` baggage . '', 
  i do n't know about other shelters , but where i work we have a behavioural assessment done by an expert . 
  we also , if possible , tell you what the previous owner indicated on their surrender form so you can get as much info as possible about the animal . 
  finally , observation is key . 
  we watch the animal 's progress from day one , and when a potential adopter comes in , we watch how they interact , etc. 
  to determine how the animal 's personality goes with the potential future owner . 
  that being said , an animal is rarely the same in a home vs. in a shelter setting , shelters being stressful environments in general , so you 'll never really know how things are gon na be until you take the animal home . 
  but we give you the most info we can based on what we see while they 're with us . 
  shelters want the adoption to work out in the long term for both parties ... we do n't just want to get rid of the animal to make room for more . 
  so it would n't be very beneficial for us to lie to you . 
  with trump ( walking onto the rnc stage ) in place of travolta . 
  yeah our politicians are pretty damn dumb for using committees made up of experts ... rather than wikipedia or google . 
  i love everything about your comment . 
  where did you get the yellow kill bill shoes !, 
  yeah , lasers are n't really good toys in general , be it for cats or dogs . 
  cats also need their prey drive stimulated -- and fulfilled -- in the sense that they need to `` catch '' whatever they 're chasing . 
  that 's pretty fabulous . 
  dear you and everybody who is upvoting you . 
  you realize he 's saying that john should 've `` kept her in line '' and slapped her so fuckin ' hard that her eyes begin to look like his , right ? 
  you think shit like that is funny ? 
  ( also , perhaps this will make you feel better -- he probably did slap her around a bunch of times . ), 
  i acknowledge your condescension . 
  cheers . 
  ok , let 's talk about being layered , cuz ' you obviously think right now that i 'm some kind of mega-feminist who tries to call people out on their shit out at every chance i get . 
  yes , i am a feminist in that i want equal rights for people , blah blah blah . 
  but i am far from the most extreme of cases . 
  anyway , i do n't have to explain to you who i am or what my upbringing is , just like you do n't to me ( heh ... though i do appreciate your good upbringing ) . 
  here 's why that video struck me in particular . 
  i guess it 's the ... 
  ease ( ? ), 
  with which burr just made that comment . 
  like ... it was just the natural progression of his thought . 
  and that people did n't even give it a second thought that such a thought and such a statement is actually very violent , well that got to me too . 
  burr could 've made any number of analogies that would 've been equally as funny , if not more . 
  but he went with that one . 
  and i guess that seeing your comment ( and you were n't the only one who linked to that video btw ) and the upvotes you were getting , i was like `` shit , other people do n't see it either . '', 
  and i thought that was upsetting . 
  so i 'm sorry if i lashed out . 
  i normally do n't get involved much in the comment section ... and i totally knew i was gon na get downvoted to hell on this one . 
  but whatever . 
  i felt it needed to be pointed out . 
  the fact that you changed your initial statement and bothered to explain it , well that in itself maybe shows that you did n't realize it either until someone pointed it out ? 
  anyways , i do know and appreciate that certain comedians have their own style of comedy . 
  but it 's the underlying subtext of this particular dude that i think ... 
  i dunno ... says a lot about how little we think about some of the stuff we say , maybe . 
  anyways , sorry to be `` that girl '' ( but only a little . . hehe ) and i 'm sorry if i came off as judging . 
  i do appreciate that you took the time to address this . 
  all these things !, 
  oh man , thanks for pointing that out . 
  it was bothering me so much !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  that 's what i ended up getting . 
  amazing !, 
  i love these so much !, 
  can i ask you what kind of plastic you used for the plastic bits ( oven , etc. ) ... 
  and where one would purchase it ? 
  thanks !, 
  not sure about his anxiety ( but i agree with the more exercise + mental stimulation bit ) , but have you started in any way preparing him for the arrival of the baby ? 
  this may include playing baby gurgling/laughing/crying noises and associating them with something positive ( treats , for ex . 
  ) , getting some clothing/blankies from a friend who has a child to get him used to a different smell ( even though your baby will obviously smell differently ) , etc. 
  some people will even use a doll to see how the dog might react to your giving care/love to something else . 
  there are a lot of `` preparing your dog for baby '' resources online ... just do n't go with the cesar milan one , which comes up first ( at least on my end ) when i google that . 
  also , it 's a good time to brush up on certain commands such as `` leave it , '' `` stay , '' etc. 
  and make sure your dog has them down pat . 
  can we please admire the stylin ' cat tights too ? 
   great job !, 
  it totally belongs here !, 
  i 'm thinking of doing the same thing in the next few months ( once we clear up our basement a bit ) . 
  i find it a bit demotivating to always have to clear the kitchen table , wipe it clean , take out the sewing machine , iron , ironing board , figure out just where you were last time you worked on your project , yadda yadda . 
  can take a good 1/2 hour away from your time . 
  good job !, 
  ( also , i love the contrast with the gaming space beside ) :p, 
  i love this idea . 
  no one sends care packages anymore !, 
  yep . 
  found another smidgen of the video here , under `` unlikely surrogate '' ... http://ngm.nationalgeographic.com/2007/04/leopard-lessons/leopard-video-interactive, 
  they claim the baby died of cold ... though it could 've been hunger or dehydration or any number of things . 
  still , pretty amazing story . 
  i would n't say it 's being wasted . 
  the kid is clearly having the time of his life . 
  tell that to your cucumber / apple pie . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` scent soakers '' ... but anytime you bring something new to the house ( i.e. 
  a new box , maybe ) , she 's likely to rub/scratch/be-generally-weird all over it . 
  love the zigzag quilting !, 
  what do you mean by `` clippings ? '', 
  the mulch , in this case ? 
  for some reason , i read `` jedi master '' here . 
  ( somewhat disappointed ) , 
  we asked her daycare worker about this , and she 's not super comfortable with us coming in halfway through the day . 
  kiddo might think that it 's time to go when she sees us and that would lead to a whole other situation ( i.e.
