  it 's a win-win really , our language stays up to date because we just steal all the new words , and our language is pretty closely related to english already anyway . 
  and we get english proficiency nearly for free . 
  it helps that we never really had some nostalgic idea of our language as especially beautiful , and that basically we all agree that dubbing movies is a terrible thing to do . 
  nonsense , dutch is the best , we have all the best words . 
  it 's true !, 
  indonesia has a whole bunch of dutch words . 
  in fact even japan has some , since we were one of the first western nations they traded with . 
  but yeah grammar is pretty different . 
  i do n't get why you feel the need to be so vocal ( replying to everybody ! ), 
  about a skeptical standpoint whose basis consists of `` well i read the article and thought a little bit about it '' . 
  it 's like you want brownie points for being skeptical without actually bringing any new facts or interesting angles into the conversation . 
  it 's very strange . 
  it 's called negotiation and careful consideration . 
  the eurozone nicely demonstrates what happens when you do n't have that creep , the whole thing just falls apart eventually because you did n't want to talk about the difficult parts and now you 're fucked because you did n't create the institutions/agreements to deal with them . 
  diplomacy-as-usual is a remarkably blunt instrument to govern something as subtle as a common market . 
  that 's how it 's always worked bub . 
  speech that infringes on other 's rights or is otherwise not compatible with a free and democratic society has always and will always be told to gtfo . 
  nazi 's * love * ambiguity , they thrive on it . 
  they want the racism , the exclusion , whatever their norms are , to be just under the surface where everybody can * feel * it but nobody can point it out . 
  they want liberals , foreigners and feminists to understand that it 's not just the folks with the nazi flags , they want it clear that society is theirs and theirs alone . 
  and * that * is why they claim this ridiculous freedom to fly nazi flags . 
  to show they can . 
  to show they can do anything , because what is permitted is whatever they fucking say it is . 
  and if that includes not liking black people or heiling ol' hitler , that 's their business . 
  that 's ... almost literally an alt-right talking point though . 
  they 're never `` real '' nazi 's , they just carry swastika flags , give the nazi salute , and celebrate hitler 's birthday because it pisses off the `` bleeding heart left '' . 
  meanwhile , anyone with a brown skin tone is still intimidated and anyone with racist sympathies still sees his feelings of `` everyone thinks this way , it 's just politically incorrect '' emboldened , so what is the even the point of arguing about semantics of who is and is n't a nazi ? 
  whether by law or by custom , this kind of bullshit should not be tolerated in our public spaces . 
  free speech yes , free intimidation no . 
  nazi symbols have no value as free speech , what would they even be trying to say for fucks sake . 
   also it 's probably racist too . 
  obligatory : http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/909053-i-wish-i-could-talk-to-ponies, 
  ( for the curious , the schengen area has ~ 420 million people , the us has ~ 320 million . 
  the schengen area is the group of european countries that have agreed to abolish internal border controls . ), 
  i see a lot of right-wing propaganda these days equating `` antifa '' with `` mindless rioting looting scum '' . 
  guess if they ca n't take them in a fight you have to attack them online ... not saying i condone the looting and burning of cars , it 's just that when i see `` antifa '' used online these days it 's always by `` concerned citizens '' about mindless acts of violence , never about the disciplined blocks of genuine protesters who have been planning their protest and media campaigns for months . 
  the problem is this kind of thing :  at that point the `` protest '' becomes a riot that needs to be crushed by the police just because you saw people loot a supermarket on tv does not justify cops brutalizing people . 
  conversely , just because you think the protests are justified does n't mean some of the `` protestors '' are n't violent idiots who should be arrested for everyone 's sake . 
  people just need to stay reasonable and cool it with the rhetoric . 
  breaking nato is a major goal of russia . 
  they just have to ensure ( or wait until ) all or most of the major players are in a situation where war would be politically or economically untenable , and then attack the most unpopular eastern european nato member with some bullshit pretext like they did in crimea . 
  this may sound ridiculous and unlikely , but it 's completely in line with what russia has published over the years about strategy and it is very much playing to their strengths . 
  currently , the us and uk both have major internal issues to worry about , and german public opinion is generally inclined to excuse putin doing whatever he pleases . 
  honestly it would n't have been so far fetched for russia to make a play if trump 's election and brexit had n't been enough to shock mainland europe to their senses ( sort of ) . 
  in all of the netherlands , not just amsterdam . 
  just to clarify . 
  their network used to be crap though ( i used to lol at their advertising with `` the newest 4g network !, 
  '' , yeah that means they only just started rolling it out and have shit coverage ) . 
  it might have improved in the past 2 years though , i do n't know . 
  til his name is n't jeb, 
  you need nato , you just do n't want to pay for it . 
  not the same thing , 
  if our kings pulled the kind of shit that the uk did to ireland i 'm pretty sure we would n't have a monarchy anymore either . 
  it 's kind of completely different that way . 
  sort of . 
  it would n't immediately stop the press ' interest though , in fact it would probably increase for the next couple of years . 
  also causing a constitutional crisis is the kind of thing that would make their mum disappointed in them . 
  it 's kind of a `` you had one job ! '', 
  kind of thing . 
  traditions have value . 
  i can tell you 're not one for intangibles so ... the queen definitely sells a lot of merchandise , as well as royal weddings etc. 
  also , the monarchy is linked to numerous other traditions that have tourist value such as the tower of london and the various palaces , the ceremonial guards , exhibitions of jewels and ceremonial clothes and vehicles etc. 
  i think interest in those would be lower if the monarchy was abolished . 
  also , your monarchy provides arguably the best cultural link to the commonwealth besides cricket . 
  personally though , i love our monarchy because i do n't trust the fuckwits in this country to elect a decent president . 
  with the monarchy , so far we get fairly competent and ( this is important ! ), 
  non-divisive people and we can always say `` no '' . 
  he should have some connection with the government to be able to do his job in my opinion . 
  as for actual power ... in practice it 's severely limited by the fact that if he did anything remotely questionable with it people would be falling all over themselves to strip him of that power . 
  i do n't care if you 're a marxist as long as you 're not an apologist for communist dictatorships . 
  except while you 're in / r/fullcommunism , in which case stalin did nothing wrong . 
  democracy over totalitarianism any day , mate . 
  the rest is details . 
  important details to be sure , but at least we can sort them out without the need to burn the country down . 
  and you have to physically hand in your passport with the paperwork , and then pick it up another day . 
  and when they close their desk for the day , all the people who are still in the queue are just out of luck . 
  also , there was a separate form for people from some countries on russia 's shitlist ( presumably ) - citizens of us , uk and some other countries have to fill in a form that is twice as long as the normal form and features such delights as having to list the past ten countries your wife has visited in a small single-line form field . 
  russia to europe is like the scary guy living at the end of the block that used to be in the army but you 're really not sure what he does for a living these days . 
  on a personal level i generally liked most of the russians i 've met though , and moscow is a pretty cool place . 
  great idea !, 
  i hear there 's lots of lebensraum in the east !, 
  the recording industry could do with a fair bit of hurting , the music and film industry have metastasized into a lazy and entitled oligopoly relying on an increasingly extreme interpretation of government-instituted copyrights . 
  who the hell thinks it encourages authors when their work is still protected 70 years after they are dead ? 
  they have no connection to the creative people that they prey on , and refuse to acknowledge or give back to the cultural foundation their product is based on . 
  ( personally , i buy some music , but only the ones i know i 'll still like a year from now . 
  mostly i go to concerts and festivals . ), 
  banning people just creates persecution mentality , like `` everyone thinks it , i 'm just saying it '' . 
  better to have 200 replies calling the poster an asshole , and show that it 's not a hypocritical white knight moderator keeping their voice down . 
  as for american influence , i 'm not surprised . 
  the us has a huge amount of power and they do not always wield it with the diplomacy and careful deliberation one might hope for in an era of relative global peace . 
  edit : `` white knight '' wow , pun not intended . 
  i like to have some misscake with my coffeh, 
  they should first solve their internal issues quickly and decisively . 
  according to the german example , they should be ready to join the eu in less than 50 years . 
  the armenian issue is another skeleton in their closet . 
  and the kurds . 
  and of course there 's the `` interesting '' relationship between government and military , the restrictions on journalism ... 
  i agree with israel also being a terrible candidate though . 
  because a completely leftist cabinet scares the shit out of a lot of people and the pvv did n't really work out too well . 
   in any case it only concerns a few hundred people , it 's not like it 's a law that matters on the grand scheme of things .
