  transforming western europe back from a multinational corporation friendly services-oriented economy into an efficient self-purposed war machine is not going to happen . 
  and we could have avoided all the inefficiency !, 
  instead of having laws written by lobbyists which are then approved by the council and implemented by national parliaments , we could have directly merged the benevolent leadership of our wise captains of industry with a glorious and purposeful authoritarian government !, 
  there would be some struggle against such a unification of course , but in time the progress of racial science would help the people of europe recognize their shared genetic heritage and take pride in the natural superiority of the european master race . 
  to promote further integration the european government would be well served by funding research in this area , leading to europe becoming the world leader in race studies and eugenics research . 
  ^ edit : ^ now ^ with ^ 80 % ^ more ^ godwin !, 
  the monarch does not select the formateur anymore , they changed that last year . 
  and honestly willem alexander has matured quite a bit ; to my ears you just sound old saying that . 
  and you think an elected president ( or the prime minister ) will do a better job than the oranjes ? 
  i really appreciate the fact that even when we have a questionable or divisive government or two we have a competent neutral figure to be the face of our nation . 
  i have never heard a convincing argument for why abolishing the monarchy would make things better , or even a significant downside . 
  we should carefully consider whether replacing the monarchy would improve our country , like city planners deciding whether to tear down a historic quarter to build new office buildings . 
   when herman van rompuy infers that the accession of turkey will ruin the christian values that the eu is supposedly based on do you have a link ? 
  i ca n't imagine he said anything like that . 
  and i really do n't mind the eu being a bit more strict about who it lets in these days . 
  it 's not so much the cultural or religious issues as the turkish state having a bit of an attitude problem relative to criticism and minority groups . 
  to be honest there 's some existing member states whose government are not exactly shining examples , but i 'd rather we raised our standards than lowered them . 
  this is a shilling : https://imgur.com/zbvqp5w, 
  since you actually live in sweden i concede that you may be better informed about this than i am , but what you 're saying does not really match up with what i 've heard . 
  last i heard he was only required to give testimony , which is not the same thing as formally standing accused even , and it certainly is n't `` committed rape and is wanted for it '' . 
  the whole case seems strange anyway , since it was at first closed but then suddenly reopened , and the supposed victim is on record as saying that assange did nothing wrong . 
  add to that the nearly unpredecented use of a interpol `` red notice '' ( important fugitive alert ) just to get someone to testify and it 's not hard to see why assange felt more was going on than an impartial criminal investigation . 
  if indeed it is the case that your government is bending the justice system under pressure from external countries then it is your own government that is mocking the law , not assange . 
  by the way , i do n't really know if the case is without merit , in fact it sounds like he might be a bit of a dirtbag in his personal life , but there are serious questions about how the case is being conducted . 
  i do n't know whether to find this hilarious or disturbing ... 
  to be fair , we tend to take the us for granted in some ways ( e.g. 
  defense spending ) . 
  * entail, 
   i find a lot of the opinions regarding military force/readiness to be very concerning . 
  russia is doing its best to change that , and it appears to be working to some extent . 
  the major problem is it would take a lot of money , political and bureaucratic effort to scale up and integrate our collective militaries into something resembling an integrated and well-balanced military capable of projecting force outside of nato if need be . 
  and that really is the only option ; why bother with all the effort and expense if it does n't bring independent military credibility to europe . 
   i find many opinions about environmentalism strange . 
  the us has many extremely sparsely populated areas and has not been settled for very long , relatively speaking . 
  i think people in europe have a much more visceral sense of just how little environment there is left and how quickly we can fuck it up . 
  there is also some ... nostalgia maybe , for a time when farms were still picturesque and expanses of nature did n't have to be crisscrossed by highways . 
   i also see a tendency to blame the us for a lot of things , especially economic problems in the economic context `` the us '' is often identified as the source of / inspiration for hardline capitalist policies ( ignore negative externalities , privatize , deregulate , bootstraps , job creators ! ) . 
  many people here blame those policies not just for the economic crisis , but for being the reason that a large part of the damage has been inflicted on people who are least able to bear it ( due to weakening of social safety nets ) . 
  i do n't see much blaming of the us as such , more of the `` us style '' of economic management that has permitted and encouraged the madness of the international financial industry . 
  actually i 've only heard old people complain about prins pils . 
  personally i think the monarchy is just one of those things that sounds terrible in theory but works really well in practice . 
  i really do n't want a presidency for blowhards to fight over . 
  also i always hear anti-monarchists complain about the money being spent on the monarchy . 
  it 's just not relevant on the scale of a nation 's expenses , i mean how small minded do you have to be ? 
  besides , we get plenty of value for our money in my opinion . 
  you can talk about this as long as you want but the people who caused this to escalate worse than your average football match riot are * not * concerned moms and dads . 
  and after all that trouble you guys went to to host eurovision this year :(, 
  i guess you got tired after reading the first four words ... ? 
  ( s ) he might be bitching about then/than . 
  mods are censors by definition , but let 's not pretend this place would be better without mods . 
  why be state # 51 if you can be airstrip # 1 ? 
  it 's not unreasonable to say that the uk has already burned its bridges . 
  the deals the uk had with the eu about immigration and spending were actually incredibly favorable to the uk . 
  they will end up worse off . 
  for example , uk customs is allowed to check passports on the continental sides of the channel tunnel and various ferry routes . 
  this blocks an enormous amount of refugees from asking for asylum in the uk , because it is only allowed to ask for asylum in the first country where you declare your refugee status . 
  even if the eu allows that arrangement to continue , if scotland leaves the uk and joins the eu the uk will now either have to have strict border controls at the scottish border , or scotland will have to also negotiate a similar accommodation with the eu ( which will be difficult , as we have refused similar measures to other member states ) . 
  there was the issue of the commission continually trying to push through software patents by adding it last-minute to the agenda of the completely unrelated fisheries council as an item that `` does not require voting '' ... that was pretty outrageous . 
  it would have made it much more difficult for the parliament to block it despite clear opposition . 
  everyone 's welcome to their opinion . 
  i might disagree with their opinion . 
  i might also have the opinion that people with a certain opinion are likely to have a set of values or priorities that i fundamentally disagree with , causing me to dislike them . 
  there 's nothing wrong with having strong feelings about something . 
  it 's good to be objective and open to other points of view , but that does n't mean you necessarily have to treat both options as equally valid after weighing them yourself . 
  the bogey man is a made up story to frighten people ... 
  i can see why people misunderstood your post . 
  spain is n't exactly throwing a fit here either . 
  there 's some legitimate issues about tax avoidance , but nobody wants to annex gibraltar . 
  it 's just propaganda . 
  just like russian media saying that germany/nato are always eyeing to get kaliningrad back , funnily enough . 
  also it may just be erdogan and his peeps , but i get the impression that they take criticism way too personally and are still riding that nationalism high most of europe got over in ww2 . 
  it 's that more than anything that makes me think their eu membership is n't going to work out ... not saying there 's no big ego 's in the eu , but you have to be able to rein it in and work with people . 
  if you 're always going to be picking fights and being the loudest person in the room then maybe we do n't want you , you know ? 
  except hillary was objectively the better choice , especially in hindsight . 
  they should have ran a `` fresh face '' moderate against her instead of bernie though . 
  i do n't think the us was ready for bernie yet , he would 've gone down in flames once the republicans opened up their opposition research files on him and started airing ads about just how much of a radical he used to be . 
  i think that also explains why the `` establishment '' was so nervous about him . 
  brexit me harder baby, 
  we 'll always be a part of the continent europe , and collaborating on regulation with our neighbors will always be critical , and there 's many other parts of the eu collaboration where it just makes so much sense to coordinate and collaborate . 
  if we did n't have the eu that would still need to happen , it would just be even * more * undemocratic because it would all be done under trade negotiations and treaties . 
  it still baffles me that when you try to give them some actual influence by giving them an actual parliament and a proposed constitution and they 're all like `` no we do n't want that it 's weird '' . 
  nobody is forcing us to stay , as the uk case proves . 
  it 's just ridiculously very much in our interest to stay , and people do n't get that and it 's endlessly frustrating . 
  i mean , which politicians want us to leave ? 
  do you * really * think they have a clearer picture of how things work than the ones that want us to stay ? 
  most of the eu institutions come from profoundly pragmatic bureaucratic / technocratic cooperation and negotiations among governments to reduce the economic burden of different regulations in different countries . 
  the idealogues for the most part are people who realise that while this is working pretty well , things are lacking in democratic oversight and we need the * people * to take an interest in the eu . 
  eurosceptics think that `` they '' are trying to make the eu a thing , when actually it already is an absolutely vital thing and all we want is to give it a proper constitution and a flag and a parliament , so we can make it democratic instead of just a whole bunch of nameless bureaucrats quietly keeping things running . 
  i think of it like an iceberg , most people have no clue how important the eu is in our lives ( or how crap europe would be without it ) . 
  it 's neither veiled , nor a threat . 
  and i think it 's important to say it . 
  people somehow got the idea that the eu is not something to be worked on , that everything will be made better by just saying `` no '' again and again . 
  the european project is in trouble , that 's true , but we should be fixing it and talking about its direction instead of treating it like something we can discard or ignore without consequence . 
  ok but . . surely you 're not suggesting that a kurdish state would * not * piss erdogan off . 
  there 's a limit on the number of people who can authorize you to vote for them , and you have to cast your own vote at the same time as the authorized votes . 
  so you ca n't come back later and vote for more people . 
  it 's not perfect but i think it 's a reasonable compromise to make voting more practical . 
  if you measure it by the amount of social media pics the holocaust memorial in berlin is a massive artistic success ... always feels weird seeing pics from the holocaust memorial on tinder . 
  we 've always been a small nation doing lots of trade with others . 
  we 'll steal your words if we feel like it , and pronounce them any way we want , and call it our own language .
