  latvia is in potato europe . 
  this must be a mistake . 
  potato is love . 
  potato is life . 
  no , 20.000 is n't excessive if you 're thinking like a cold war strategist . 
  the russians used to have a massive advantage in terms of their conventional forces readily available for a land war in europe . 
  the western battleplan was not to nuke downtown moscow with one bomb , the plan was to nuke every russian unit on a 1000km front across europe . 
  and the second wave . 
  and the third . 
  the russian plan was to rush to the atlantic coast before everyone dies from radiation poisoning . 
  this is why nato had lots of medium-range rockets ( pershing ii ) that couldnt even reach moscow . 
  another important concept in the cold war was second-strike capability . 
  the idea is that the other side might find a way to get their nukes to hit before you can launch yours , negating `` mutually assured destruction '' . 
  thats why you have lots of other nukes spread around in `` impractical '' platforms - in submarines , in bunkers and such . 
  the idea is to fight a nuclear war when most of your nukes are gone already . 
  also , you 're trying to win a dick-measuring contest . 
  `` overpaid '' is a very relative term when you realize how important their decisions are . 
  being a politician is honestly a terrible job i would never want to do , and since you can make like twice that money in a private company with half the responsibility , it 's not paid very well , too . 
  there 's a reason the parliament is full of dicks . 
  if you were to introduce the death penalty for it , tax revenue would go up because nobody would evade taxes anymore . 
  the above poster claims that this is the effect we 've seen in recent years ( even though we have resorted to less harsh measures ) . 
  this is is for `` offensive '' operations . 
  defending a nato country under attack requires no such considerations . 
  nuclear apocalypse is not that bad . 
  but inland ? 
  even though i agree with your general criticism of the western media , this is ridiculous . 
  the difference between kiev and , say , hamburg is not only the scope of the protests ( half the city versus a few individuals ) but also the availability of other nonviolent remedies such as free elections . 
  because the protesters are not always the good guys ? 
  it would be bad . 
  nobody has the energy to deal with these things - thats why nobody uses opendns or whatever its called, 
  domains ( like mysite.com ) need to be managed . 
  somebody needs to keep a list of who owns which and such . 
  also ip address allocation . 
  of course you can trade with eu countries ; why would n't you ? 
  a return to the d-mark would likely result in a huge decrease in exports due to exchange rates , so i 'm not really sure about what would happen with inflation, 
  why do you think so ? 
  all i heard was uk opposition to lots of regulatory plans ? 
  you forgot the whole thing about completely unregulated banking . 
  it 's gon na go bad again :-(, 
  csu policy , what can i say . 
  they are specifically targetting the people just passing through , so that 's unlikely . 
  thats not true . 
  the austrian vignette is available for 10 days 2 months and 1 year , no usage-based charging . 
  i do n't know about the others , but i would expect them to be similar . 
  yes , but they want to reduce some other tax within germany so that it 'll be a zero-sum game for locals . 
  highway tolls exist in most european nations and now we get them , too . 
  why are you so surprised ? 
  german here . 
  even though i never lived under russian/soviet rule , i 'd like to comment on the russia/germany comparison that seems to come up a lot in this thread . 
  even though the german atrocities during the nazi years are unmatched in both scale and brutality , i do feel like we are much more popular than the russians in most of the nations in eastern europe . 
  for one , they happened a very long time ago , whereas as the memory of living under russian rule for decades is still very fresh in people 's memory . 
  also , the attitude towards these crimes within germany and russia is very different . 
  there was an incredible `` holy shit what have we done '' moment in germany shortly after the war ; perpetrators were punished , history books were written and memorials were built . 
  [ here 's a list ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_der_gedenkst%c3%a4tten_f%c3%bcr_die_opfer_des_nationalsozialismus#deutschland ) , quite impressive to scroll through . 
  this is a historically unique way of dealing with your own war crimes , and it 's a far cry from the russian approach to their past . 
  labour cost would rise . 
  when people have a basic income , they are less inclined to work . 
  most likely , people would work a bit less than before ( and still have more money left over ) . 
  this is factually wrong . 
  source : i have a heat pump . 
  ground-source , if you were wondering . 
  of course it 's possible . 
  the thing is , renewable energy is relatively expensive to begin with . 
  any solution to the intermittency problem will vastly increase that problem . 
  the tanzverbot also applies on non-christian holidays like the volkstrauertag . 
  in that sense , it does not violate the separation of church and state . 
  the state just says that you ca n't have parties on a few days in the year . 
  thinking long-term , i 'd consider it likely . 
  with an advancing european integration , we 'll all come to identify as europeans eventually . 
  in many regions , people mostly identify with that region and accept the larger state they 're in as a representation to the outside . 
  if europe does that , it 's highly likely that you just cut out the middleman and become an independent part of europe . 
  because of that , `` independence '' becomes a little government reorganisation instead of a major event . 
  now that 's quite a statement, 
  after the reunification , the economy in both the east and the west of berlin crashed . 
  it 's still not as developed as the rest of germany , and the development is happening in advanced engineering , software and services , so there 's no manufacturing to really pollute the air . 
  also , good public transit . 
  i for one blame the ossis . 
  there is an error on the map , germany is only third , 
  i thought you 'd catch the irony, 
  the `` german blood '' is used maybe as judicial concept when determining if you 're part of the german minority in god-knows-where or maybe by some crazy nazis , but if you look at places like / r/schland , you 'll find a much more relaxed and non-blood-based patriotism . 
  if you look at france or the traditionally patriotic america , you 'll likely find statistical links between waves of patriotism and racist attacks as well . 
  in that sense german patriotism is probably very similar to other patriotisms . 
  apart from that , correlation does not imply causation . 
  i had one of those silly flag-colored hats during the world championship and the urge to hunt immigrants at night has n't shown itself ( yet ) . 
   in the end i stayed there . 
  it was a place i felt good in and in any case i had the impression i was n't believed . 
  is this a common sentiment for rape victims about the place they were raped at ? 
  it seems weird to me , but i 'm not very knowledgeable about the subject, 
  the berlin state government has confiscated 3 or 4 buildings because of `` public safety '' . 
  it appears to be legal . 
  they are not as dumb as most nazis, 
  is that true , though ? 
  i have n't seen any statistics about these demographical differences between the refugee populations in different european countries, 
  luckily these people are not racists, 
   see my post about the german city who actually terminates tenants contracts so refugees can move in . 
  that was one case, 
   ( or so i 've read somewhere ) i 've grown increasingly suspicious to this kind of sourcing in the last few months when it comes to criticism of refugee policies, 
  i think we need more information in order to evaluate that map . 
  do the canals have more locks than the regular rivers ? 
  do they support the same size of boats ?
