autoplay video with random loud static noise at the beginning what the fuck, 
   passengers have reported being spitted on and bullied physically , including one girl whose hair was cut . 
  okay , maybe put police on the bus ? 
   undeterred , the `` sheriff mayor '' mr gambino has vowed to push forward , noting that other solutions such as having municipal police on the bus have failed . 
  how can the police not stop that from happening wtf, 
  try the heute show from germany, 
   `` they did not want to continue the game under any circumstances , or that evening with or without an audience , or the next day , '' he added . 
  that might not have been the smartest decision, 
   they are using muslims as their pets against the people of europe . 
  this makes a lot of sense , i 'm using my hamster against the french, 
  do you know what the word savage means ? 
  because there are no accidents in coal plants ? 
  germany has a polio vaccination rate of 94.7 % . 
  i would imagine it to be similar in belgium and adjacent countries . 
  this is not necessarily scary and will probably not allow them to sell more vaccines or something like that, 
  berlin was deemed an iconically important thing to have . 
  besides , this was before the differences between the western allies and the russians really started to show ; the expectation was to govern germany together , not separately . 
  for example , the rail network in west berlin remained in eastern control as that was deemed more practical . 
  berlin as a whole was governed by an allied council and was never formally part of west germany , as that would have required the council to make a decision which quickly became impossible . 
  everyone gets nuked , thats hardly a victory, 
  berlin was under full russian control ; the western part was ceded to the west in exchange for thuringia . 
  according to wikipedia , eu is bigger, 
  patriots cant shoot down icbms as far as i understand, 
  no , they decided to not build them out for higher speeds during initial construction . 
  a major reevaluation is not likely in the near future . 
  edit : to expand on that , berlin-hamburg was originally considered for a maglev track . 
  they just decided against it . 
  i have written a paper on the german high speed network and let me assure you , those 230km/h lines wo n't be upgraded, 
  i think the world record of 574 km/h was achieved with a more or less standard tgv train as well ; it 's not a matter of technological possibilities . 
  lots of things just ca n't be implemented without unreasonable efforts . 
  italy 's trains will reach 360 km/h max , but the tracks that would support commercial operation at 360 km/h do n't exist yet ( or at least i could n't find any piece of information hinting at their existence , it 's all about future plans ) . 
  generally speaking , wheel/rail technology uses insane amounts of energy at higher speeds . 
  maglev uses less energy at anything above 200 km/h , but since you lose the ability to use the rest of the network , they 're not being implemented . 
  that , in itself , is a huge factor . 
  when you are looking to connect individual cities , high speeds are good . 
  but you are going to see smaller surrounding cities left out by this development ( let alone suburbs ) . 
  if you look at the population distribution in france , you have paris and a few other cities , and that 's it . 
  connecting them with fast rail lines makes sense . 
  if you look at germany ( specifically , western germany ) or the whole `` blue banana '' of belgium , the netherlands , western germany , northwestern france and ( to some degree ) london , you 'll find the population distributed evenly across vast landscapes . 
  zipping past all these people should n't really be your goal , even if you were to find space for the tracks . 
  moving at a slower pace and stopping a bit more often is a better proposition in these scenarios . 
  deutsche bahn ( europe 's largest rail company ) is looking at commercial speeds of 250 km/h for their new generation of trains ( icx ) . 
  current ice3 trainsets can reach 320 km/h ( but only en route to paris , because the fastest german track is limited to 300 km/h ) . 
  new high-speed tracks are built for speeds of 300 km/h . 
  the speed limitation is usually track curvature ; reducing that requires incredibly expensive construction projects . 
  deciding to build another series of such things more or less next to the old ones a few years after construction is a tough sell at best . 
  france does the same at 320 km/h . 
  assuming an average speed of 350 km/h for the entire track from berlin to paris is unrealistic even if such a line would be build . 
  going that fast is hugely expensive , both up-front and operationally , and it does n't connect as many people as a cheaper , slower track . 
  there 's no reason to pursue such a project . 
  energy is not the major cost factor for train operation . 
  also , the power/km number goes up significantly at higher speeds . 
  i 'd include belgium , the netherlands and germany on that list of developed countries, 
  320 km/hr is absurd even in 20 years . 
  these buses are fairly common , if you start looking around online . 
  the basic idea is that bus lines run out of space for all the passengers , so you try to have longer buses . 
  very long vehicles usually have a hard time going around corners , because the vehicle itself is inherently straight . 
  articulated buses try to get around that by bending in the center . 
  with 2 articulations , that concept becomes very difficult on a technological ( and operational ) level , and it does require a bit more space than a normal bus , but if you avoid the sharpest of corners , you 'll be fine . 
  some cities have decided to seperate them from regular traffic , but as far as i know , most did n't . 
  you can look at it as a kind of tram without rails . 
  for most ( if not all ) lines served by such vehicles , there will be some debate about converting it into a tramway . 
  thanks for this post , much more than i expected !, 
  that is true . 
  but you would have to include the sample size so people can judge the statement of `` we didnt find anyone '' . 
  iir ? 
  yeah but then the whole statement makes no sense . 
  `` we couldnt find anyone , but we didnt really look , but the important fact to report is that we did n't find anyone '', 
  i dont believe in `` an eye for an eye '', 
  atheism is a perfectly good way of thinking . 
  the study is terrible , because i personally know religious people under 28 in eastern germany , and i do n't know a lot of people under 28 in eastern germany . 
  that 's a pretty terrible study if they did n't find anyone like that in eastern germany . 
  it 's honestly pretty terrible that you like this scenario . 
  i 'm an atheist myself , but you have to understand that 40 years of communism have brutally repressed the church because it represented a power structure outside of the party . 
  when these people were born , organized religion did not exist in large parts of eastern germany , so they never really had the option of joining it . 
  great germany pls, 
  the numbering was , though, 
  i think you got me wrong . 
  im fully aware that maidan involved a lot of people with nothing but good intentions . 
  closer integration with the west is probably the best thing for an average ukrainian citizen . 
  but it 's also important to understand that the size and the degree of organisation that they reached wouldnt have been possible without western money and the occasional cia dude thrown in . 
  it probably depends on how you integrate the armed forces . 
  as for legalities , you might argue that the new european super-state `` inherits '' the nuke rights from france and the uk . 
  but maybe they will demand that these rights are handed back down to the sub-states as a condition to their joining . 
  the funny thing is that the us is really the side that benefits from this the most , and the ukrainian revolution that kick-started the russian occupation of crimea was funded by a nato foundation . 
  i mean , / r/conspiracy is probably having a field day on this one , but that 's actually a matter of public record . 
  the pacific is much more watery than europe and europe has more us allies that can provide bases to the army and the air force , so thats only logical . 
  german tanks are pretty close to the scene already , and moving them into poland might not be popular for historical reasons . 
   noone would give a fuck about us like they did n't give a fuck in 1939 . 
  german here . 
  i think you 're wrong . 
  if the russians ( or nato , for that matter ) attack , it 's gon na be nukes all over the place . 
  the hawks have enough power for that . 
  you didnt have that before ? 
  in fact , i have . 
  indian restaurants are all over the place . 
  cant match a d\u00f6ner or a currywurst , though . 
  as a northern german , i am offended as well . 
  bad cuisine should just be the uk . 
  the us flair is just perfect for a thread about stereotypes,
