  as far as i understand , kindergeld ends at 25 regardless of circumstances . 
  even if i am wrong , that does sound like an honest mistake not like a dirty liar or whatever you said . 
   things are already bad enough in the uk . 
  are you kidding ? 
   this is also a good point . 
  i still do n't understand why they should n't be able to file their asylum applicating from their home country . 
  the un convention doesnt mandate it ; the idea is that they have to get to a safe place on their own and you just dont throw them out . 
  a registration system in the origin countries is a classic first-mover disadvantage . 
  if you did it , the situation in your country would improve , but then , everyone would apply for that one country . 
  that wouldnt make sense and be very , very expensive for that one country , so nobody will go out and do it . 
  the one thing that keeps smugglers in business is the fact that you cant get on a plane without visa - because if an airline puts you in a country without you having a visa , the airline has to pay loads of money . 
  if they repealed that one law , the airlines would love to sell tickets to everyone in syria right now . 
  so what part of his comment was a lie ? 
  sorry , but that makes no sense to me . 
  they have that alternative specificcally for people who dont want to be in the military . 
  it has nothing to do with the military when you are wiping some old dudes butt, 
  so the government mandates you to care for the elderly . 
  if your religion allows you to get out of that , why cant that religion also save you from taxes ? 
   unsc united nations space command ? 
   i do n't really support their religion , but as someone living in canada i sure as hell support the idea of conscientious objection . 
  how can you object to working for meals on wheels or something like that ? 
  what exactly is civilian service and how can it be against your conscience ? 
  at the time , it probably was n't, 
  wasnt it sold by corrupt locals ? 
  you do realize that the lion was in fact protected and he is `` facing poaching charges '' , right ? 
  if you go to a country where rape is legal in order to rape some people , it 's a shitty country , but more importantly , you are a shitty person . 
  they are as soon as their asylum is granted ( in germany , at least ), 
  it 's very important if you want to find jobs and such, 
  if you 're a refugee , that is a lot of money . 
  is it discrimination when poor people get free housing and everybody else doesnt ? 
  40km is still a lot of distance to cover, 
   when you provide them with free non-absolutely necessary things , you discriminate your own people . 
  and if they just sat in their refugee compound , separated from swedish society by 40km of icy wasteland and no means to cross it , you would sit here and complain about the brown people not integrating . 
  they could , of course , build that refugee housing within the regular communities , but then , you would go out and protest its creation because you dont want the brown people to be in your neighborhood and attack your property values . 
  there is literally nothing that would stop certain people from complaining , and therefore , we should n't even try to do that . 
  i think that might be a troll, 
   nowhere here takes card outside of large supermarkets ( and with them its only maestros for lidl , aldi etc ) and global chains , you cant withdraw money anywhere as most banks charge each other , or you 're with cashgroup and there 's never a cash machine around . 
  most stores actually accept ec cards , just not credit cards . 
  as a german , i have somehow never had problems with this . 
  getting cash is kind of like grocery shopping for me ; you can usually use the inside atms as well , they only close the ones used by hobos . 
  it 's not really an issue in residential areas . 
   vladimir potanin is that some kind of joke ? 
  they want to leave the euro and restart the economy , but save themselves from the political infighting that will follow . 
  it 's obviously cocaine, 
  i 've been looking for a good , long article on what 's happening regarding tax evasion by the wealthy . 
  i always considered a solution to that problem is a big advantage of electing a left-wing party like syriza , and yet , i 've heard nothing about such developments . 
  i 've always blamed our media for this , but i still have n't seen anything , so i 'm starting to become doubtful . 
  could you recommend a good source for this ? 
   i ca n't see any country doing a deal with france/uk/eu in taking illegal migrants who refuse to state their home country . 
  that statement is worthless when it ca n't be verified, 
  devaluing means printing more of it ; they have n't done that . 
   the export sector can not be kickstarted because of the lack of investments even if people wanted . 
  they 'll come for the comparatively cheap labor when they devalue 40 % compared to the euro . 
  it 's like china , but without the logistical nightmare of being at the other end of the world . 
  as long as we 're not proposing air strikes on greece , it 's all fine, 
  thought it was about kids , sorry . 
  wrongly remembered it from reading the original piece . 
  this really does make it problematic, 
  how did `` misunderstandings '' turn into rape ? 
  sorry for the cocky reply , this trend really started to annoy me < 3, 
  i think we need a bot that automatically translates all posts so the rest of people can read them . 
  or maybe , we could all use the same language ... hard to know which one is easier, 
  it 's literally unintentional because they are kids and have no idea what they are doing . 
  thanks, 
  link to the thread ? 
  is that similar to the technoviking ? 
  poland is already taken , i was considering an expedition into cornwall to see if there are any sentient lifeforms there, 
  if you accept that france is a shithole , would n't you have to grant them asylum then ? 
  i 'm more worried about the scots, 
   according to wikipedia france set up the same border checks in the uk . 
  there 's no immigrants trying to get into france on the british side , so it 's not exactly a `` symmetrical setup '' anymore . 
  the agreed-on concept is unfit for the changed circumstances , and the french probably consider abandoning it . 
  they 'll just renegotiate . 
  it 's not , simply because the french allowed you to set up your border checkpoint on the french side . 
  if they had n't done that , these people would cross the channel , land on the english coast and be your problem there . 
   in november 2009 , the home office published a further study that showed that , once other variables had been accounted for , ethnicity was not a significant predictor of offending , anti-social behaviour or drug abuse amongst young people . 
  this research suggests that the differences identified in the 2003 study are `` attributable to other characteristics of these sample members '' , rather than ethnicity . 
  the factors controlled for included weak school discipline , parenting , strong parental guidance , socioeconomic class , local drug problems , weak local control , siblings in trouble with the police , household size , gender , and family type . 
  it appears that their ethnicity has nothing to do with it, 
  how is it harmful ? 
  these videos always show them desperately trying to get to the uk , not murdering innocent children, 
  their desperation is almost palpable what is wrong with you, 
  [ watch this for 2 hours as a mood adjustment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91mbt03ohyw ), 
   what an extremely anti-democratic statement if the threat to leave the euro will get you unlimited loans , people will be inclined to take that offer . 
  it 's a clear , logical scenario that they think is undesirable . 
  how is that antidemocratic ? 
  as a german , your positivity appalls me, 
   especially considering how crazy driving is !, 
  i 'm deeply offended that you would put us germans into the same basket as these pesky southerners, 
  how is rostock a wasteland ? 
  on the autobahn network , you can go east , west and south . 
  north is the sea . 
  if you 're looking to go towards the southwest , you 'll have to take slight detours , or wait for the a14 parts to be connected ( which is currently being planned ) . 
  rostock-berlin has 1 or 2 ices per day , it 's quite okay . 
  they are currently upgrading the line , so it 's more about a lack of demand than a lack of infrastructure - the bridge would certainly fix that . 
  rostock has it 's own s-bahn network , fehmarn only has one rail line which only has one track . 
  even though that is correct , the bridge only has to be high enough to let them pass at one relatively short stretch . 
  the shipping there consists mostly of feeder lines to the big ports ( rotterdam , hamburg ) , so you do n't necessarily have to account for the giant vessels . 
  i would also expect the tunnel to decrease shipping because rail transport becomes more attractive . 
  i am actually an engineer , but i 'm only relaying what i 've read on the news :d i would expect the bridge to be a tad more expensive , but the real question is cost/benefit ratio .
