  these situations bring out the worst in people . 
  a few of them are probably extremists stirring up shit all the time . 
  all it takes is a few more social workers to calm down the idiots ( and throw out the hardcore idiots ) and the whole thing will calm down . 
  it 's a side effect of an overburdened system not doing what needs to be done . 
  it 's far less catastrophic than the right-wingers would like all of us to think . 
  surface i think, 
  one would have to wonder if the rise in the rest of the world is worth it - the med is just 0.7 % of the worlds ocean surface , so the impact wouldnt be big . 
   once the money is in your possession , no public eyes are on it . 
  unless you give it to someone else in the form of wages . 
  they have fish stairs at most river dams , something similar should be possible at the sea dam, 
   also 2m saved in the mediterranean could mean maybe 0.5 m high on the east coast ... what do you mean by that ? 
  your quote does not seem to be in the article ( anymore ? 
  what a shit way of presenting those amazing pictures . 
  such a waste . 
  apparently he was not handcuffed , but tied to a couch with a rope . 
  interestingly , the police published an arabic version of the public search notice at around 9 pm yesterday , 36 hours after the original notice was released . 
  they stormed the flat at 00:42 , less than four hours later . 
  its good to see people paying attention to this stuff , even late at night . 
  the good syrians were refugees , so i they probably acted on that arabic notice . 
  he literally linked the european fingerprint sharing program . 
  there was a fair , democratic referendum and now you want to ignore the result because `` ukip wo n't win '' ? 
  no border between denmark and germany ? 
  do they ? 
  didnt know that, 
   why would you do that ? 
  you dont have to pay in any money i suppose, 
  i hear he may actually be a romanian ... there 's definitely something shady going on here . 
  i 'd imagine its less than 90 % ? 
  you either support the german expansion or you become part of the german expansion . 
  as it has always been . 
  that is seemingly in austria, 
  you havent been here , have you ? 
  blessed is the mind too small for doubt, 
  the military police are called feldj\u00e4ger , so you can maybe just call a j\u00e4gerschnitzel a police schnitzel . 
  that was actually perfect spelling , except for the spaces after the / . 
  german ftw !, 
  6 years is a lot when you 're only 16 . 
  it 's more than half of her remembered life when she gets out . 
  i 'd like to invite everyone to join us there , it 's about time to show / r/the _ donald who runs the place, 
   warm can not confirm, 
  there should be a formula for how much you have to pay based on gdp and/or gdp per capita , and thats how much everyone pays . 
  no rebates . 
   if we 're not special then why do you keep going on about this ` special treatment ' we receive ? 
  well , because you shoulnt get the special treatment . 
  it 's complete bollocks that the uk got a 15 % rebate on membership payments . 
  when a physical altercation escalates to a certain point , it may be reasonable to use a knife in self-defence . 
  we do not have that information . 
  it 's not victim blaming when the `` victim '' acted in an unreasonable way that caused another individual to act in a reasonable way . 
  not the coke bottles themselves , but there was apparently some kind of escalating altercation when they tried to stop him . 
  it may very well be self-defense ... this is why we have a justice system outside of reddit comments . 
  i 'd also question the sanity of anyone trying to rob a store where the employees routinely handle large knifes . 
  starting a fight with them is just icing on the cake . 
  that has nothing to do with the unhcr refugee resettlement program . 
  those were all refugees who came on their own . 
  what went wrong last time ? 
  as far as i understand , the un resettlement program usually brings in whole families , not singular people . 
  and they are proper refugees , not random people . 
  its very different from the uncontrolled movement of people we have seen in the last two years . 
  yeah , but it could easily be a little more cumbersome than `` just go there and not care about your visa '', 
  maybe you can build a wall and make the irish pay for it ? 
  no , but you can usually search for the part number of your new pants once you have found the right ones . 
  the german pictures can help you too - you just cant read the text descriptions . 
  lets hope that hungary doesnt pull a russia to protect the hungarian minority, 
  this one is sooo good, 
  definitely . 
  but you shouldnt assume that the governmental bureaucracy runs for free . 
  find a good fund and use that one ;-), 
   it 's still volatile , though . 
  do they charge you fees for keeping bitcoin for you like forex sites do ? 
  you can just create your own bitcoin wallet , and it is fundamentally free . 
  if they started charging anyone for that , you could just leave these sites . 
   and do they have mandatory margin ? 
   i do n't know if you 're being serious or sarcastic with this one . 
  serious . 
  all reputable exchanges are registered to known entities in developed countries . 
  you know who to sue . 
  the worst thing that ever happened was that an exchange went bankrupt after it was hacked , but thats not fraud committed by the exchange . 
   the bitcoin market is the most volatile out of all currencies . 
  bitcoin is ( probably ) the least volatile of the cryptocurrencies . 
  [ look at the number 2 , for example ] ( http://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/ ) . 
  eth is definitely something i would recommend if you want to invest into that stuff . 
  but yeah , it 's volatile . 
  it 's new and exciting stuff . 
  small volume with big uncertainty about the future means high volatility . 
  it will slowly settle in the next few years . 
  in the month after the brexit vote , btc was actually more stable than the pound . 
  it 's slowly moving towards being normal . 
   the same can be said about forex . 
  i doubt you would have trippled it there , though . 
   by whom ? 
  bitstamp has a banking license in luxembourg ( = all of the eu ) . 
  even without that , just taking peoples money is theft . 
  poloniex is in delaware , so regular us laws apply . 
  the idea that any known entity can just take your money is preposterous - you know who has it , and if they steal it , the cops will get it back for you . 
  it 's not alphabay . 
   can you prove this ? 
  that people are actually profiting from trading bitcoin ? 
  you can easily benefit ... buy bitcoin early this year and just do nothing . 
  boom , you just trippled your money . 
  i did just that , but how should i prove that to you ?
