  so effectively , they 're both capped . 
  as a german , i feel like you could have gone for the 150th guy as well . 
  beating up random people because they look foreign and some other foreigners did some shit is a reaction mixed with a lot of stupidity . 
   covered up by the news wat, 
  if you had read the article , the 10 refugees boarded the carriage . 
  she left the carriage and was followed and attacked by 3 of them . 
  since the other 7 did not follow her , it stands to reason that they were not next to the crime . 
   tourists ( which covers the friends and family thing ) have been coming to germany for decades without an incident like this . 
  are we sure about that ? 
  apparently like half of all rapes do n't even get reported , and most reported ones are not publicised , and we might not have read about the reported ones . 
  how can you possibly make a statement such as this ? 
   from what i read about german comment sections they close the comments because they are not happy the people do n't agree with mass migration and use it as a space to vent i think there are only so many `` great , fewer for us '' comments on an article about drowned refugees that you can take before you snap and close the place down . 
  reported for no german !, 
   edible well , about that ... 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  was n't able to find anything on a quick google search edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/princess_margriet_of_the_netherlands, 
  came here to make the same bad joke , lol, 
   butt nationalism this is butt country , take your nipples elsewhere, 
  `` religious violence '' does not go as far as joining isis , though . 
  i think this needs some more escalation . 
  the volkswagen was designed to fit with the units , it would weigh exactly 1000kg ( one ton ) and so forth . 
  that way , `` one volkswagen '' can represent multiple entirely different units . 
   go to the same schools as everyone else . 
  you mean the catholic schools ? 
   it 's threatening greece with a schengen suspension to force it to keep the migrants there . 
  you mean they 're forcing greece to abide by the schengen rules if they want to be part of schengen ? 
  i 'll just wait for the day you figure out the same thing applies to beer you brewed or something like that . 
  you mean germany unilaterally decides to enforce the dublin agreements signed and approved by the croatian parliament ? 
  are you my m8 ? 
  thanks mate , it is much appreciated . 
  he 's probably turning in his grave because of what his great grandchild has turned into . 
  i would question if they even come from isis territory - the syrian civil war consists of multiple groups fighting each other . 
  just from the back of my head , i remember someone on the news who fled syria because he was about to be drafted into assads army . 
  this `` europe or isis '' is a false dichotomy . 
   no number of foreign citizens should be worth more than one polish citizen . 
  let me guess , you 're not a nazi , just critical of mass migration ? 
  edit : i 'm clearly communist scum who wants the caliphate , but i run on your downvotes . 
  please send more . 
  how so ? 
  is there a statistic about how many bullets they fired outside of exercises after the nazis were driven out ? 
  it seems like a much different scenario than iraq . 
  dont get your hopes up . 
  according to the report , he could very well have been just a regular arns smuggler . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that some form of entertainment is a human right, 
  you realize sensory deprivation is a form of torture ? 
  i 've always dreamed of sending the rightwingers on / r/europe to / r/britishproblems - integration will certainly not be an issue !, 
  there 's a few different laws at work here . 
  the one about swastikas and the hitler salute is about using forbidden symbols , which means you 're not allowed to use them outside of educational contexts or contexts ( think of a crossed-out swastika on a leftist website ) . 
  the other law is about banning insults to people . 
  `` you are an asshole '' is illegal , but it must ( a ) be an actual insult and ( b ) refer to a specific person and not an abstract group - shouting `` all cops are bastards '' in the general direction of the police will get you into a legal argument if you were referring to one individual police office in front of you or police in general . 
  the last one is `` incitement to hatred '' against a group defined by racial , religious , ethnic or national characteristics - `` jews did wtc '' would be illegal , because it incites hatred against jews . 
  so yes , you can go out and say that you hate jews . 
  i 'd recommend against it , though . 
  your mum would be disappointed . 
   57 policemen and 68 pieces 68 pieces ? 
  this is her usual style . 
  problem arises and is ignored at first . 
  merkel goes out and states current laws/whatever the official line is . 
  nothing happens , situation gets worse and worse , public mood is changing . 
  some merkel underlings are sent out to propose something different to see how the public reacts . 
  ( optional : underlings are sacrificed when public does n't like it . ), 
  when reaction is positive , merkel goes out and changes everything in one sweeping statement . 
  she always stays as close to the public opinion as possible so nobody dislikes her enough for a replacement . 
  throwing underlings under the bus when the oppurtunity presents itself also makes replacement much less likely . 
  that 's the classic merkel style , and we can all see it at work right now . 
  she 'll come out and say that everything is now different , just way for it to happen . 
  merkel is the kind of person that intends to say the lawyer stuff . 
  the assumption that she only means the rest is your assumption , and it 's wrong . 
   merkel yet again backtracks . 
  this is getting rather sad , if she keeps going at this rate i do n't except her to last over new years . 
  you do n't follow german politics a lot , do you ? 
  i feel like you did n't even read my post . 
  i thought we would send everyone back who registers in another country , but they simply do n't register anywhere on the way ( because they would be send back ) . 
   germany will accept them . 
  because germany officially announced that syrians are not an subject of dublin regulation anymore . 
  deportation to an eu country where they first asked for asylum is therefore not possible . 
  dublin mandates that you have to apply for asylum in the first country you get to and forbids you from going to a second country thereafter . 
  i think we only ignore the first part . 
  are you sure about this ? 
  please forgive my doubtfulness , but i feel inclined to not believe you . 
  you 're an aviation expert investigating on-site , i assume ? 
   well , i do n't want to have this uncertainty and even the chance of losing the progress so fundamental to our society . 
  you mean his pegida neighbors anonymously sending death threats because they disagree with his political opinion ? 
  welcome to reddit , really . 
  if it is lawfully estzablished that these people are a danger after release , they can be kept in sicherheitsverwahrung . 
  he 's right , but the law wo n't change that . 
  it 's an ethical choice - we ca n't send someone into their death . 
  the violence was n't about religion , they were arguing about a particular group praying too loudly . 
  they 'll be perfect in most german communities . 
  thepeople who put up the fence also put up the sign . 
  why are you mad at them ? 
  yes , but if austria does n't accept them , we ca n't do squat about it . 
  so your argument is that whoever put up this sign and this fence is a pro-refugee activist ? 
  before you all get riled up about the violence caused by `` religious differences '' , it comes from an argument about people praying too loudly . 
  it sounds much more like people losing their shit over being locked up in some shit camp than religious intolerance . 
   also yeah lets increase fundings . 
  from what ? 
  probably new debt - we quickly found lots of billions in the financial crisis that way, 
  oh , my bad . 
  still , airlines do n't seem to be willing to accept them onboard .
