  these flights do exist - if not from syria , then certainly from turkey . 
  eu law reqires airlines to pay for the accomodaton of asylum seekers they bring to germany , so they wo n't let you board these flights without proper visa . 
  why else do you think people poay thousands of euros to smugglers when they can just take an easyjet flight from some african airport ? 
  you can ignore laws if you are a dictator . 
  if the greeks allowed it , we could ... but it seems like they are slowly getting around to doing that . 
  oddly enough , it does . 
  every country considers itself sovereign , meaning that the rules applying to that contraty are chosen by the people within that country . 
  that means , you can occupy some country if your internal laws allow it . 
  there are some international rules ( `` you ca n't invade countries '' ) , but if you do n't sign them into national law , they are not legally binding for you ( legally binding in the sense of your national courts ) . 
  other countries or international institutions might chose to enforce these rules one way or another , but if they do n't , well , they just do n't . 
  this is we the distinction is relevant - germany ( all other eu countries ) subscribe to the 1951 convention relating to the status of refugees , which means that its provisions are legally binding for the people and governments unless they are repealed ( essentially like a normal law ) . 
  the russians never subscribed to any contract saying that they would n't occupy crimea , and even if they did ignore international law , it just means that their court and justice system is shit . 
  subscribing to these international laws is an act of parliament and as a such , these laws carry the force of regular law in a civilized country . 
   it might not be legal under international law , but if you know a thing or two about international law , you know it does n't matter . 
  if you knew a thing about international law , you 'd know that it actually does matter . 
   in the event of rapid intervention members of european border guard teams ( ebgt ) are intended to provide short-term assistance . 
  the whole migration thing has been happening for at least a year now , it 's not what this system was intended for . 
   i 'm sure it 's warmer in syria . 
  yeah , i think they 're using napalm bombs now . 
  according to this article ( google translate ) , they are complaining about a lack of medical care and seem to have a well-founded fear of freezing to death . 
   i was dizzy and fainted . 
  i was unconscious for an hour . 
  my friends rushed to help me and asked for medical help , but it took 1.5 hours for an ambulance came . 
  i was examined , but not included . 
  i wanted to the hospital . 
  i have pain in my neck . 
   some people are already sleeping with their coat on , extra blankets are not there . 
  , , and then the winter is yet to come , '' said khir . 
  [ ... ] the red cross is desperately looking for winter coats to help the refugees through the winter . 
  the sad thing is , he may not even be lying . 
   that 's not really a contradiction . 
  first , you can still love someone and kill them . 
  a cop might be forced to kill his wife , whom he loves , because she 's charging at someone else with a gun . 
  second , `` love thy next '' is the general , broadest rule and general , broad rules have exceptions . 
  take modern , state laws . 
  generally , you are obligated to help someone who was in an accident or is in a life threatening situation , but you 're also supposed to kill someone if you 're the executioner and the judge ordered it or you 're allowed to do so if it 's in self defense . 
  it may not seem comparable to your example , but it is . 
  it may not seem to you and me today to be highly immoral or threatening to the order of society to not be a virgin on your wedding night , and thus deserving of punishment , but it certainly may seem so to other cultures , especially in the past . 
  i 'd argue that it is a contradiction , and the cop would be incredibly conflicted when shooting his wife - even when she has a psychotic epiode and charges at some dude . 
  you ca n't kill someone you love . 
  you ca n't . 
  it sort of goes in the same direction as the reform thing . 
  we 'll pretend that we 're both devout muslims intending to do what allah wants us to . 
  so allah had his infallible opinion on something . 
  he put that into words and communicated that to someone . 
  they communicated it again and again ( using written words , but with lots of differences accrued over the centuries ) , and now we read that . 
  we 've just acquired the infallible opinion of allah , right ? 
  wrong . 
  1 ) was allahs opinion properly communicated to the first guy ? 
  maybe the exact nuance of his opinion can not be put into words because our language is limited . 
  2 ) was it properly understood ? 
  maybe the guy made a mistake - he 's a human , after all . 
  3 ) was it properly communicated down the line ? 
  we know it was n't , because there are multiple versions around . 
  we can argue on and on about which one is correct . 
  4 ) did we understand it properly ? 
  it 's important to understand that words change their meaning over time , exspecially with all the translations and inaccuracies that happened over time . 
  even if all the previous things went perfectly well , it 's quite possible that we read it wrong . 
  we can use `` love thy next '' as an example - it is a general rule , but who gets an exception ? 
  who does n't ? 
  what does `` love '' even mean - is it a `` dont be a douche '' rule , or are we supposed to feel deeply connected to everyone around us , or are we supposed to live in some kind of huge hippie commune with free love ? 
  who is my next - just my family , or maybe neighbours , or maybe travellers , or maybe refugees , or maybe everyone ? 
  we do n't know any of these things , and you could imagine ten people with entirely different ideas claiming to transport `` the true word of god '' through their interpretation . 
  i still do n't understand . 
  how can they sue the federal government when an individual enters the country illegaly ? 
  on what legal grounds would he complain , though ? 
  they can probably build on their relationship with greece . 
  what do you want to warn the others about ? 
   qur ` an is literally the word of god coming to muhammad through gabriel . 
  qur ` an is the foundation of islam . 
  it is islam . 
  there 's conflict between sunnis and shias on the question interpreters of qur ` an , i think , and whether to honor certain religious texts written after qur ` an as its clarification , but neither of those can step outside of bounds of qur ` an , only clarify it , not to mention going against something written in qur ` an . 
  of course . 
  but these religious texts have contradicting contents - you are supposed to love thy next and stone your wife if she is not a virgin on her wedding night . 
  it seems obvious that only one is possible , and the same is true for the quran . 
  it should also be noted that eben though the quran is the direct word of god , it was transmitted hundreds of times by humans writing down the words . 
  christianity has a small army of biblical scholars trying to figure out what the original biblical texts exactly said , and in which wording . 
  `` reform '' does not require the abandonment of the quran , just a different perspective on it . 
  it 's very similar to what luther did . 
  he 's not a police chief , he works for the union , which is known to say all sorts of crazy shit all the time . 
  you 're blowing this out of proportion . 
  the integration story is a disaster , no arguing about that - but it 's not like crime is allowed in morocco , so i would suppose that the reason for their criminality is not their moroccan origin . 
  christians used to do it and stopped even though it violates biblical law - by the same logic , we can assume that something similar is possible within islam , exspecially because stoning is not actually in the quran , just in a verse with disputed accuracy . 
  there is a large number of muslim nations where stonings do not happen , such as turkey , egypt , libya , algeria and syria ( as of 2013 ) . 
  islam = stonings is a borderline retarded statement . 
  the guy i was originally responding to literally said it . 
   leaving those too sick , poor and needy to fend for themselves . 
  could you give an example for sick/poor/needy people being left to fend for themselves because of this overstrained infrastructure ? 
   even the most hardcore christians do n't commit fgm fgm is never mentioned in the quran . 
  it is a tradition in many predominantly muslim countries , but it is also practiced in christian communities ( in eritrea and ethiopia , for example ) . 
  many people consider it part of their religion , but there 's a large range of islamic scholars arguing that fgm is a violation of the quran . 
  there 's a wikipedia article about religious views on fgm and it 's quite long . 
  the stoning is also quite complex - you are correct in that it is no longer practiced in christian countries , but continues to be practiced in muslim countries . 
  there is , however , a large number of biblical rules that prescribe stoning as the punishment for various crimes ( adultery , witchcraft , worshipping other gods , women not being virgins on their wedding night , etc ) . 
  it 's certainly part of christian culture and history , though . 
   good example but i will claim that the difference was really small compared to white european and middle east guy or north african . 
  the cultural difference was smaller - but ireland has a bit of a history with the uk , so i 'd expect that to cause a lot of animosity between the groups . 
   my favourite example of failed integration - in netherlands 5 % are moroccans . 
  50 % of the crimes are done by moroccans ... a lot of people complain about being called nazi when they criticise immigration , which is indeed uncalled for . 
  you , however , are a nazi , because you just pulled that `` fact '' out of your ass .
