  i googled it , it 's not true . 
  morocans account for 14 % of major crimes in the netherlands and there 's no statistic available for all crimes . 
  you say these things because you hate foreigners . 
   well if i 'm a bigot because i object to a culture and or religion that denies me as a woman the same rights , tells me what i can and ca n't wear , what i can and ca n't do , commits fgm and in the worst places be stoned to death just on the word of a disgruntled man , and a culture that also denies equal rights to lgbt people you mean conservative christians , right ? 
  the irish in the us . 
  there was widespread racism in the early 20th century , partly because of their catholiscism , which only existed a fringe religion in the us at the time . 
  it literally just dissolved over time - the most definitive ending point was when the catholic jfk was elected president . 
  `` he 's not american , he 'll just have to do what the pope tells him to '' was one of the major talking points of the opposing candidate . 
  the fact that you never heard of this just goes to show how well the integration ultimately worked . 
  would you rather keep living with the current muttiphate ? 
  yeah , but you do n't have to trample the poor, 
   who have to trample europe to get there , leaving those too sick , poor and needy to fend for themselves . 
  yeah good thing you 're not exaggerating, 
   it 's very annoying to hear the merkel supporters say , `` we never said that '' and just point to what the president said ( later ) when clearly she did . 
  did anybody seriously say that she never said it ? 
  seems hard to believe, 
   government enforces harsh laws yeah , that sounds like anarchism, 
   these refugees will never leave good thing you know that in advance bro, 
  luckily you 'll be safe in your bunker , reading all the `` told you so '' posts on infowars, 
   in other words their request should be instantly rejected because they have failed to prove that their are compatible with our society and live by it 's laws . 
  legally , they are granted asylum and then deported anyways . 
  the asylum process does not look at your personality or some shit like that , just if you are being politically persecuted in some other country . 
  this asylum then gives you legal protection against being thrown out of the host country ... unless you are a threat to that country . 
  no problem , you too !, 
  it 's probably some behind the scenes shit, 
  she 's right - legally speaking , there is no maximum number . 
  international law states that you have to accept everyone seeking refuge from political persecution . 
  it applies to all countries . 
  you just want to throw them out without even processing their asylum request . 
  that 's a violation of international law . 
  yeah , but there 's no getting around that now . 
  how do bureaucrats change laws , then ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  the german aufenthaltsgesetz specifically includes rioting as a reason for deportation . 
  i 'd be surprised if that would violate international law . 
  because the average albanian is not fleeing political persecution . 
  that has been the situation for a long time , she just told people about it . 
  it 's a change in publicity . 
  take a look at article 33 of that convention - paragraph one says you cant deport refugees . 
  here 's paragraph two :  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , having been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
  he 's just a bureaucrat , he does not have any power to change laws . 
  hes not even a minister . 
  oh , and maybe we should take a closer look at what he said . 
   `` there can be no upper limit set on the intake of people who are fleeing persecution and need protection , '' schmidt said . 
  that implies that we can send back a huge number of the people currently here . 
  i know you think thats a very edgy , sarcastic statement , but the german president actually said that there is a limit . 
  it 's a mainstream political opinion . 
   at present level you are taking in 3,5 million a year , and it will explode come spring . 
  will it , though ? 
  we have n't changed any policy recently , it just became more known around the world because of merkels thoughtless rhetoric . 
  the news also reports of lies about western countries spread by people smugglers . 
  we 're now starting to see a response to that - border controls , possible policy changes , more realistic information about the asylum system spread in origin countries , etc. 
  germany has also never really been serious about deporting people that were denied asylum - they 're now actively looking for more people at the deportation stations in the airports . 
  the winter gives us a few months of breathing room to implement these things and spread the word about it . 
  it seems unrealistic to assume that the asylum hype continues throughout next year . 
  the question is - why would the us do that ? 
  of all the other international power blocks , the eu is probably one of the most pro-us places . 
  it makes no sense to weaken your friends . 
  read the law linked by the other guy , you can deport them for crimes, 
  you are , just read his link, 
  i 'd suggest that you take a look at the page you linked - it does indeed state that they can not be deported ... but ...  the benefit of the present provision may not , however , be claimed by a refugee whom there are reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is , or who , having been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime , constitutes a danger to the community of that country . 
   failing to behave while you 're not even granted asylum should result in immediate rejection and deportation . 
  legally speaking , you would give the local workers in the registration facility/mass accomodation the power to just send everyone they dont like back to syria ? 
  it goes against the very principles of a rechtsstaat to do this - the core is the rule of law , not the rule of some dude . 
  there needs to be a due process for these things , and that will include an asylum process . 
  asylum grants you protection from being deported - unless you commit a crime . 
  that 's a fact . 
  \u00a7 56 i aufenthg is what you 're looking for . 
  i 'll also quote \u00a7 54 because of how much you would like it . 
  this article is about nazis burning down the cars of refugee supporters at night . 
  article has a soft paywall , click `` weiter zum artikel '' to bypass it . 
  it does n't take five years to go shopping, 
   `` at the moment we are busy at the location investigating and working to find the perpetrator , '' north zealand police spokesman henrik suhr told broadcaster dr early tuesday morning . 
  looks like high odds to me, 
  yeah probably not, 
   well if it were all up to me , i 'd kick them all out now . 
  luckily , we will never let you and your kind take power in europe again, 
   if you think that these extremists only act like that because there is a lack of care ( social workers you mentioned ) , you are being delusional . 
  i just listed a whole bunch of reasons of why i think these things happened , and you still manage to think it 's only about one . 
  do you even read my posts ? 
   but at least i 'm not downplaying serious issues . 
  no , you 're massively overplaying things of medium importance . 
  there 's a few idiots among the refugees . 
  of course there are . 
  every single one of these incidents makes it to the / r/europe frontpage these days . 
  did we see the article about a bunch of ethnically turkish iphone fanatics camping in front of the dresden apple store being insulted by lots of random passerbys because everyone thinks they are refugees and refugees must be insulted properly ? 
  of course not . 
  because it does n't confirm your preconcieved opinions about the nice , tolerant germans who just want to live their lives . 
  the jews , around 4k a month, 
   why do you guys keep lying to yourself i 'm just one guy , you seem to be putting me in a group of people  this definitely has nothing to do with extremists attacking other people for their different beliefs . 
  nothing to do with extreme islam . 
  just lagerkoller . 
  that 's not what i said . 
   you can be a good person and tell things like they are . 
  okay , so what are things like ? 
  they 're all extreme islamists trying to kill each other and destroy western civilization ? 
  that 's not what things are like . 
  these are groups of people that have been fighting and brutally oppressing each other for generations . 
  i 'd expect a fair bit of them to have suffered psychological damages in the war and/or on the way to europe . 
  everyone is stressed out from being locked in some tent all day .
