   this has to stop - every time banks f *** up , the taxpayers have to bail them out . 
  i know this is n't popular over here , but have you heard the recent news about these `` bad banks '' created in the big crisis are now sending billions of euros back to the governments ? 
  holy shit what is up with the irish, 
  yes , the rostock-gedser variant . 
  as far as i understand , the local geology allows for a bridge to be constructed there . 
  the interesting part is that they went for the option towards western europe and not the `` straight south '' variant more suited for a reunited europe . 
  it really shows how long-term these projects are and how far that `` western europe '' connection goes . 
  it should be added that this project is pushed by the danish side much more so than the german side , and the western variant does n't require the danes to build a lot of connecting infrastructure , whereas the eastern variant would be much better for germany . 
  why not both ? 
   hitler won in elections the best he got in a free election was like 34 % - some conservatives brought him to power in a coalition and the next election was not-so-free . 
  as far as i know , she only had to retake the exam , not rewrite the thesis . 
   the vast majority if not all foreign bases are in the former american sector this only applies to the american bases, 
   and the germans have troubles upholding their promises when talking about railroads . 
  for everybody else : the situation for freight trains is reversed - the netherlands are doing a very good job and the german side is lacking . 
  it might become a political topic when the swiss finish the gotthard base tunnel long before we finish the rest of the corridor upgrade to the netherlands ( 2016 ) . 
  you consider an actual sausage to be breakfast material , continental breakfast meat makes a lot more sense, 
  thanks !, 
   we 're not attacking another country . 
  we 're attacking a non-state actor . 
  if we were to attack a non-state actor ( say , a dutch coffee shop ) because they cause all sorts of trouble for us , you would consider that an attack on the netherlands , would n't you ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  because i 've never heard of that, 
  old school society is their actual name, 
  how do you want that to work ? 
  the vatican is colored grey , indicating `` did not vote '' . 
  seems accurate to me, 
  holy shit that video is bad, 
  these are still voluntary transactions . 
  the guy with the gold under his land could just ignore the land and keep being a farmer - he sells it for a profit because he feels like that 's better than being a farmer , even if the other side probably benefits a lot more than him . 
  the same can be said in a monopoly market ; if someone has a monopoly on something , you can just not buy it . 
  you will buy it at the monopoly cost because you think that buying it for an outrageous price is better than not buying it at all . 
  the bangladeshis chose to work in the factories for slave wages instead of starving in the fields - both sides benefit , it 's just that one side ( the company ) benefits a lot more, 
  it features individuals building successful companies and vast fortunes for themselves , with competition between different companies . 
  it has some decidedly market-based features, 
  how is that a true scotsman ? 
  you ca n't just blurt out the name of a logical fallacy and consider that a contribution to a discussion . 
  china is quite famously using a hybrid market/state-planned economy . 
  you ca n't use an austrian car in an argument against german cars, 
  corruption exists everywhere , the question is just how far it goes, 
  that 's robbery , the free markets implies that all transactions are voluntarily and beneficial to both sides, 
  i know ; there is still a certain irony to it . 
  putting them on a ship named `` liberty promise '' is not exactly subtle either, 
  they only said that one fake publication of neo magazin team was taken at face value - they didnt specify if it 's the `` doctored '' video or the announcement video . 
  how about no, 
  i 've seen those ... it just feels like the public story does n't add up, 
  top kek, 
  you can do it later or not at all if you want to ;-), 
  it cant be true when 20 % of her students are male indians, 
  but it could be indicative of the media blowing up a non-story, 
  can you stop putting things in quotes and respond to my actual statement ? 
  people who use that one black dude they met five years ago to proclaim themselves as not-racist usually have only white friends ; when almost 20 % of her students are indian males , she probably does n't discriminate against them . 
   `` maybe to clarify my issue , i currently have two indian master students in my lab and 5/30 students in my course in winter are male indian students so i think i can clearly say that i do not have any problems with indian . '', 
  yeah , that 's probably way out of context . 
  are you even serious ? 
   is has millions of social media networks what the fuck dude, 
  genetic similarity could be an interesting tool for clan-based organized crime . 
   if one thing should be remembered from ww2 , it is that a democratically elected government can not be blindly trusted . 
  the nazis violently attacked other political parties and democratic institutions . 
  i think that is bad , and nobody should do it ever again . 
  by how many percent did the number of foreigners increase ? 
  the number in the headline is just really dumb, 
  who is `` we '' ? 
   it does not want to be multicultural . 
  they are duplos you fucking heretic, 
   we got a metric crap ton of foreigners against our will in the last 40 years how many foreigners are there in latvia ? 
  i would 've expected a very small number, 
   the more dutch people i meet and the more i learn about the netherlands , the more similar to us you guys become . 
  as a german , i think there 's some kind of nationalist joke i could make here, 
  everyone knows they will eat the ukrainians first ... the west is clearly trying to escalate the conflict . 
  no nazi terror group murdering random foreigners with fishy government non-intervention in germany ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fueh-a7zhyu&amp;feature=youtu.be take a look at this and tell me they are the victims, 
  that 's true, 
  i think you misunderstand me ; it has two separate effects . 
  it prevents ovulation and it prevents an existing egg from merging with sperm . 
   the morning after pill can not prevent the ovum from merging with the sperm the morning after pill can prevent ovulation and do exactly that . 
  the concept of denying life to someone that doesnt exist yet is a terrible category to think in - using a condom or not having sex in the first place technically denies life , too . 
  the morning-after pill is not an abortion pill . 
  an interesting ( hypothetical ) legal perspective on this : let 's assume another human requires a blood transfusion ( or something similar ) to continue living , and it is 100 % scientifically proven that you and only you can save that person by donating blood , right now . 
  ethically , i think you should save that person . 
  but legally , you do n't have to . 
  the law ca n't force you to give up control over your body in order to save another life , because your own physical integrity is considered untouchable . 
  the person that dies from your non-donation just dies . 
  by that logic , a women should even be able to have an abortion with no questions asked . 
  using a pill to prevent herself from ovulating or preventing one of her eggs from being fertilized by a sperm seems like a no-brainer . 
   terrorism index wtf ? 
  i think he was referring to their design, 
  indeed . 
  it has gotten more common in recent years as english fluency has gone up . 
   your country has completely failed let 's look a little closer , shall we ? 
   with respect to humaneness , germany has acted exemplary . 
  but your country has completely failed with respect to security . 
  good job , op . 
  dat music though, 
  maybe your wife will be merkel ? 
   german bdi commits to leaving ireland in limbo for 5-10 years of negotiations in case of a brexit . 
  the article does not even mention ireland . 
  can you expand on what you mean by that ? 
  france, 
   and dump them off there a la german `` showers '' what, 
   we have a system in which the amount you pay in is capped and the amount you get out is not the amount you get out is determined by the amount you put in , which is indeed capped .
