  i could also imagine differences in international law - a multinational natural river can not easily be closed down , whereas a canal is an internal thing of the concerning country . 
  using the natural river would be advantageous because of the smaller long-term risks associated with it . 
  ( i do n't know if any of this is true ), 
  of course its better here , its not a war zone . 
  rapes go up in war zones . 
  something about war and violent crime seem to go together , who knows why . 
  you have to compare the german stats to the pre-war syrian stats, 
  if he gets killed there , yes . 
  we have these things called laws that actually prescribe a punishment for rape . 
  the rule of these laws is prescribed in a lesser-known document called the grundgesetz , which i am sure you are very fond of . 
  no , what i 'm saying is that harsh policies dont help anybody, 
  according to the wikipedia statistics , germany had ten times the amount of rapes of syria ( on a per capita basis ) before the war . 
  we can now argue about under-reporting ( which i assume would be huge in syria ) , but how do you know that syrians rape so incredibly much more than germans ? 
  do you have statistics to back that up or is it just your opinion ? 
   every single no, 
  i suppose this is why france is such a shining example of successful integration and crime-free suburbs ? 
   at no point were these people being forced to eat food that was against their culture/religion . 
  the article does not state that they were , but we do absolutely not know that . 
  it 's quite possible that they were served food that violates their religious beliefs - why else would the government force the facility to be more diverse or whatever they call it ? 
  the newcomers in this sub probably agree with their homophobia, 
   you will never integrate these people so long as they believe in their bullshit violent and sexist religion you might be able to convince them their beliefs are wrong, 
  so you say they `` protested '' in some way ? 
   the unannounced inspection in march , the first since it became an immigration removal centre in september 2014 it was an inspection by the uk government . 
   the poll of detainees found that 29 per cent rated the food as ` good ' or ` very good ' . 
  ... and the inspectors asked the detainees to rate their food . 
  how is that a protest ? 
   inspectors also found ` levels of violence were too high ' . 
  doesnt sound like a spa, 
  they dont get to choose . 
  what makes you think they get to choose ? 
  it 's not a basic human right , it 's part of the catering guidelines . 
  not feeding them pork is probably all this is about . 
  purge the unclean, 
  luckily , we 're not actually destroying our culture . 
  i 'm sorry about the tragic loss of the culture at / r/coontown , you are more than welcome to take refuge in this subreddit . 
  please do n't destroy our culture , though . 
   thousands of years of civilization and culture you mean like 500 ? 
  only when appropriate . 
  i did n't even do it , by the way , 
  we 're talking about syrian refugees . 
  i 've read a newspaper article about them fleeing back into syria from the camps in turkey because they were so shitty . 
  they 're probably trying to make the west look as fascists , which is their narrative in ukraine . 
   any fine is worth it compared to the damage several hundred thousand sullen , hostile `` migrants '' and their offspring will do in the coming years . 
  tell me a little bit about yourself . 
  i was explaining merkels reasoning , you started talking about turkey and how the brown people want to take our things . 
  whats your point ? 
  mine seems clear . 
  nobody is suggesting that . 
  certainly not me or anybody else in this threat . 
   millions of illiterate , unskilled people who have no incentive to come to europe other than what they can take from us have you heard of xenophobia ? 
  assuming that their situation in turkey is anywhere near acceptable, 
  i was talking about the syrians currently in turkey , not the locals, 
  i know it with a german guy slapping a dutchman, 
   russia today, 
   they literally said a few days there would never be any limits on arrivals . 
  this is a legal fact , not just in germany . 
  when someone shows up at your country and asks for asylum , you are legally obliged to provide them with help if they are fleeing from a war or something . 
  this was codified in the dublin agreement , which is more famous for that thing the possibility to send them to the first safe country they pass through . 
  the fun thing is that a `` i forgot which one it was '' essentially gets you around this , so now you have to do something with them . 
  it was a typical merkel-esque `` this is the situation '' statement intended for internal politics that was interpreted differently by the refugees in turkey . 
  it 's not like she just said that out of the blue . 
   boarder who exactly is trying to board what ? 
  it does n't even say which boat they are boarding or where it is . 
   i ca n't help but be reminded of the all the former and current authoritarian , communist countries of eastern europe and asia , like the german democratic republic and democratic people 's republic of korea , the people 's republic of china and the people 's republic of poland . 
  the point is that all of these countries were not democracies and were not run for or by their people . 
  so in your opinion , everything is the exact opposite of what the name states ? 
  let me offer a counterpoint : the term `` republic '' essentially means that it 's a democracy . 
  the dangerous thing is redundancy . 
  the peace conference does n't have that . 
  itt : eastern europeans who love to receive eu mobey and dknt want it to go to anybody else, 
   like you said , bleeding heart pansies that germany has turned into think you can just hug bad people more while they slit your throat . 
  dude wtf, 
  it 's illegal to enter the border country without proper papers , and you can only apply for asylum once you are inside . 
  assuming that everyone would apply for asylum in spain , italy and greece , is that a fair distribution of refugees ? 
  it just places the burden on these few countries . 
  he himself tried to ban the festivities by banning them from the asylum facility - you might argue that he essentially showed up to a party he tried to shut down before . 
  so your defense is that you are merely a bigot ? 
  this makes you a nazi because it 's not based in fact . 
  it 's your prejudice against them . 
  they do not `` multiply like rabbits '' , and the vast majority is also not a `` burden on the state for three generations '', 
   remember that middle class in syria even before the war would have been considered extremely poor by our standards . 
  even high-end clothing is manufactured for cents in asia - the companies tend to sell it for cheaper in poorer countries to cater to their respective `` upper class '', 
  yes , but you are . 
   multiply like rabbits and be a burden on the state for atleast 3 generations . 
  you 're not a nazi , right ? 
   so let 's put the whole 800,000 asylum seekers that germany is expecting in poland . 
  germany has similar demographic issues due to low birth rates , it 's just that nobody wants the brown people . 
   suppose so . 
  but what would be wrong with that ? 
  you seem to assume that prostitution is wrong as such . 
  no , it means that the demand would be satiesfied by the local supply without bringing in additional people from the outside, 
  wouldnt a high demand just drive up the price and cause more people to work as prostitutes ? 
  germany has legal prostitution and a human trafficking problem : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/human-trafficking-persists-despite-legality-of-prostitution-in-germany-a-902533-3.html if your assumption were true , you would find large amounts of german prostitutes on the borders to satisfy the demand from the other countries , which is not the case . 
   only as long as it 's illegal elsewhere , because that creates an unnaturally high demand of prostitution where it 's legal and drives the need for new prostitutes what makes you think that ? 
  legal prostitution tends to increase human trafficking - we can now argue about whether legal or illegal prostitution is the way to fight it , but thats beside the point . 
  banning prostitution is usually achieved by punishing the prostitutes , and they decided that they would do it by punishing the customers . 
  it works by attacking demand , and not supply , which drives down demand and helps them help human trafficking victims . 
   the swedish model is idiotic it 's actually the smartest way if you want to ban it altogether, 
  you wouldnt accept refugees from a warzone because your economic growth happens to be 1 % less than you would want or something irrelevant like that ? 
  putting a perspective on the problems in the uk is different than denying they exist .
