  by pointing out other examples of violence caused by the religion you endorsed in your previous comment i was hoping to draw your attention to that fact . 
  excellent , tyranny of the almost majority it is then . 
  the way we think is the only way to think etc. 
  your previous comment said nothing about charlie hebdo you simply accused me of/endorsing censorship . 
  in the area that i used to live a sex offenders house was set on fire . 
  personally i objected to setting the person 's house on fire , it was against the law and the guy had done his time in prison and everyone in the neighbourhood had been warned in advance that a sex offender was moving in . 
  after the guys house was torched i was chatting with a neighbour who thought that setting the sex offenders house on fire was morally a good thing . 
  he thought sex offenders were the worst form of sub-human scum . 
  but he would n't have set the guys house on fire because he respected the law . 
  i got on fine with him in spite of the fact we had such different views . 
  we did n't share much in the way of mutual values or even culture but i never felt he had to adopt my belief system . 
  i had another friend who 's family was irish , he always vocally endorsed the ira bombings . 
  did i think he was some kind of threat to society because his opinions differed to mine ? 
  no , he respected the law and that was enough . 
  so long as someone respects the law they can think whatever they want . 
  unless you 're accusing the parents of those children of kind of actual crime what they think is irrelevant . 
  in europe we went through god only knows how many revolutions to throw off the mantle of thought crime . 
  just because someone 's first loyalty is n't to the state they were born in or reside in does n't reduce their right to live in that state . 
  you literally told me to name examples of violence by other faiths . 
  i gave you some . 
  i even left out israel because i thought it was low hanging fruit . 
  they really are pretty similar . 
  the bible takes its legitimacy from the notion of the pope 's endorsement . 
  there are also those within the evangelical school of christianity who believe that the bible is in fact the word of god . 
  over the last hundred years would be a more appropriate way of phrasing it . 
  also its worth noting that during ottoman rule islam was much like christianity , people had a vague regard for the rules but did n't follow the qu ` ran verbatim . 
  people drank and ate pig and did n't fast at lent etc. 
  the current brand of aggressive back to basics islam is a relatively new development . 
  muhammad also said to leave the peoples of the book in peace . 
  judaism proclaims that the gentiles are subhuman and christianity also state you should kill homosexuals and lead to witch burning and hundreds of years worth of warfare . 
  all three abrahamic religions were written over a thousand years ago and have been used at various points as political ideologies . 
  trying to differentiate between them is pointless . 
  judaism literally says that gentiles are sub-human . 
  so you want everyone to conform to what you view as the ` appropriate ' ideological shape of a european . 
  sod their right to independent thought and decision making . 
  this idea really interests me , what subject does this happen in ? 
  can i have some further context please . 
  but anyway this is not the same as forcing people to read offensive cartoons . 
  feuerbach offers up some arguments based on reasoning for god being ` man writ large ' he does n't set out to ridicule beliefs . 
  making them all sit down and watch ` life of brian ' would be closer . 
  yes !, 
  lets implement collective responsibility immediately . 
  if a someone commits a crime lets arrest their whole family . 
  you realise you are using the same logic that leads to mass reprisals and genocide ? 
  anyway anders breivik is the most recent example i can think of and yes i know norway is n't in the eu but their still european . 
  going back to the 70s-90s the ira and the ulster volunteers both killed people on account of religious sensibilities . 
  what was the point in saying that ? 
  how does that contribute anything to the discussion ? 
   this is censorship . 
  that is absolute bollocks , just because you do n't ** force ** people to read something does n't mean that you are censoring the published materials . 
  i did n't say anything about not publishing cartoons that are offensive to muslims , i 'm fine with that but if someone does n't want to look at these cartoons then they should have a right to say no . 
  it is n't a school 's job to cover recent events . 
  sure in 20 years time or so cover the cartoon and its effects in history lessons . 
  but do n't make it compulsory to view the cartoon . 
  you can even make studying the aftermath of the cartoon compulsory but forcing the cartoon in and of itself onto people is pointless . 
  you can attack whoever you want , but making your attack a compulsory part of education is unfair to those that you are attacking . 
  name one eu country in which it is compulsory for children to be exposed to material that directly attacks their religion . 
  that is n't an extension of / u/murkbeard 's logic . 
  all he said was that isolating and attacking one group like that because of their religious views is unhelpful . 
  he said nothing about submitting the rest of the nation to their views . 
  he said nothing about altering laws or undermining your right to wear mini skirts . 
  he in no way suggested giving muslims special treatment . 
  large amounts of westeros are just areas of britain . 
  even the name westeros is just a bastardisation of the scottish highland region wester ross where iirc george r.r. 
  martin spent some time . 
  cool , so all of their major former enemies then ? 
  it 's kind of an anglo-sphere thing, 
  if it was a choice between offering a bit of funding to britain and france 's nuclear programs or losing the only nuclear deterrents in europe i think people might come around . 
  the question then is where do you put them ? 
  there are few places in britain that are as suitable for the trident program as the scottish locks, 
  i 've often thought that in this sort of a scenario britain and france could reasonably ask for a contributions towards their nuclear programs from other european nations . 
   blackout-then-wake-up-in-prague now that sounds like a good night out, 
  my bad, 
  those that still play eu3 ? 
  we 're all out of colonials to throw at you guys so i think peace is probably the best option . 
  i thought we were on the same side in the napoleonic wars ? 
  firstly what you want is of no relevance to the syrian people , they are under no obligation to defend your desire for a secular syria . 
  secondly secular does not mean the same in the middle east as it does in the west , it simply means discrimination against the dominant religious group , sunni in syria , shia in iraq . 
  further i am not talking about allied militias i am talking about whole regiments of the army that have deserted in situ and refuse to follow orders from assad . 
  they will sit and defend their area and may even attack when absolutely necessary for their own defence but they have no interest in fighting an offensive war and retaking syria , the loses are too high and the men too demoralised . 
  the army does have a central command but it has no control over the units on the ground , that is why assad has been relying on bombing so much , his army will not obey him . 
  how can you argue someone is a draft dodger when the regime who 's draft they are dodging has been murdering and torturing their friends and families for years , provides no public services and in some cases has spent the last five yeaars bombing their homes and families ? 
  that 's like accusing jewish refugees in wwii of dodging the nazi draft ... have you already forgotten the stories of bodies in the streets and families abducted and tortured by the state in response to peaceful protests ? 
  what possible legitimate claim can the assad regime have to the loyalty of its citizens ? 
  1/3 of lebanon 's population are now syrian refugees , iraq is in a state of constant war and turkey has well over a million refugees . 
  are you suggesting we simply fill thes leave we countries beyond capacity until they too collapse into new refugee crises ? 
  look at the troubles in n. ireland , which side do you join then ? 
  do you endorse the killing of police men ? 
  how about the revenge attacks on families ? 
  how long before you got sick of it all and upped sticks and left , or died . 
  this war has been going on for the best part of five years now . 
  hundreds of thousands have died . 
  what do you do then if after three years of fighting all of your comrades in arms are dead and your movement is a burnt out husk ? 
  but then you 're joining the alawite/secular group . 
  if you 're sunni you stand to lose out when the war ends . 
  more importantly their armies are govt . 
  forces in name alone , most function as semi-autonomous defence forces refusing to attack enemy positions so you are n't joining the army of assad you 're joining the militia of officer x who may not have you or your regions interests at heart . 
  comparing a war between nation-states with national identities to a civil war in a state without a national identity is just lazy . 
  better example would be the english civil war , most people tried to avoid fighting and almost everyone wanted it over as quickly as possible . 
  as a regular person it was pretty much a lose-lose scenario .
