come for the great tax rates designed specifically to cater for the international super-rich ... ... stay for the cold rainy sundays in slough city centre . 
  actually , get out !, 
  you benefit scrounging bastard you . 
  think you got your long and your short terms mixed . 
  in the short term the shock of losing greece would cause massive damage to the euro . 
  in the long term strengthen the euro 's base . 
  to be fair though neither is as important to future of the euro as serious systemic reform including common economic policy and shared debts . 
  britain has an army that it uses over seas . 
  so do the french and to a lesser extent the dutch and the germans . 
  contributions made to an eu wide force would have to come from these national forces and as a result would reduce their ability to operate effectively . 
  as any eu force would require the agreement of all participating countries in order to be deployed it would be nigh impossible to deploy it in any overseas or active combat role without developing some sort of pan-european foreign policy rendering it useless for the sort of tasks britain and france use their armies for . 
  additionally the eu bureaucracy often proves astoundingly inefficient so there is no reason to suspect that this pan-eu army would be more cost effective . 
  furthermore it would essentially have to buy weapons from every major national armament company because no nation is going to agree to letting theirs collapse . 
  so the unnecessary duplication will continue . 
  so to be perfectly honest although britain is the country that countered the initial proposal it is far from the only thing blocking a pan-european army . 
  i do n't like all the pictures that were posted but the geometric designs were quite nice in my opinion . 
  i also suspect you are n't the intended audience , it is ok for artists to produce art that is n't tailored to your personal preferences . 
  you do n't need to be insulted by it . 
  for the same reason people paint/paper their walls , or spend # 200 on non-ikea shelves . 
  harvesting children for your war machine sure seems accepting and tolerant . 
  especially when it is aimed exclusively at christians . 
  so now we 're excluding the parts of ottoman history that do n't fit with your statement ? 
  fine , how about the sacking of cairo ? 
  the devshirme ? 
  the wars with the safavids ? 
  the exclusion of arabs from all levels of government ? 
  how far back do you want to go ? 
  shall we go back to the sultanate of rum and their initial pillaging of the anatolian countryside ? 
  you may want to double check that one , there were numerous occasions of massacres of no muslim populations ( pre-armenian genocide ) because they were n't muslim . 
  how on earth was it `` better '' than empires of that time ? 
  i would like britain to apologise for the mess we made in israel/palestine and india/pakistan in both cases we had the chance to avert the subsequent ethnic violence that occurred there . 
  do n't try to white wash or justify imperialism . 
  the ottomans committed their fair share of atrocities against their subjects . 
  look , at the moment the only incentives for joining politics are power or protest . 
  neither incentive is a good one . 
  you may well find thousands that could do the job of mr. l\u00f6fven for half the price but you will almost never find anyone better than him for that value because people chase money . 
  they want a good life style , a good income and a reliable retirement . 
  politics offers none of these at the moment . 
  so why would the truly capable become politicians when they can make far more money being doctors or businessmen . 
  lets put this another way . 
  would you rather that / u/yadungoofed ( who is appears to be a genius in this hypothetical scenario ) worked for the government or the private sector . 
  if you want him to come and work for the government then you have to pay him enough to make it worth his while . 
  the private sector can and will pay what it likes to get the best candidates . 
  singapore is a brilliant example , they pay their public sector employees roughly the same amount they would get working in the private sector and have an amazing civil service as a result . 
   whatever you do you should do to help the country i feel at this point your reasoning has departed from reality . 
   are you on drugs ?? 
  no i 'm not , unnecessary and arrogant slur . 
   the second world war was a massive boost to the us economy . 
  false comparison , in wwii america was a regional power becoming an international power . 
  wwii decimated the previously economically dominant france , britain and germany . 
  this is not a scenario that can be recreated . 
  america has now assumed the position of the european powers , stability is in americas interests . 
  anything else risks damaging their already fragile hold on the reigns of the world . 
   far more lucrative market for guns and ammo . 
  most european nations produce their own guns and ammo . 
  they would n't need to buy from america . 
  furthermore america would be providing the vast majority of the muscle in any war in europe . 
  they would incur the majority of the costs . 
   benefit of eliminating a major competitor russia is n't a competitor , russia does n't have a global presence nor does it have the means of projecting one . 
  all russia can do is chew on its own borders a bit . 
  economically russia is playing americas game , they export oil so america can conserve its own . 
   the u.s. could use a good overseas war right about now the us has just finished fighting two overseas wars both of which cost it billions of dollars and thousands of lives and neither of which were in anyway profitable . 
   if you do n't see this happening right before your eyes you are either willfully ignorant or blind another unnecessary and arrogant slur . 
  that is nonsense . 
  the us makes far more money by being the dominant economic power in a stable world than they do by ripping everything to pieces . 
  europe is the us ' biggest trading partner if there was a large war europe would cease to be a worthwhile market place . 
  the us might make more money for a couple of years selling weapons to europe but it would be followed by a massive decline in income . 
  plus most european countries have their own national armaments industries and do not rely on the us to provide hardware . 
   deviating from * `` the norm '' * that implies this guy was at one stage * `` normal '' * . 
  some how i just ca n't picture that . 
  i was n't defending / u/zoorope i was simply correcting the guy above me . 
  as far the armenians taking greater armenia :  with or without russians that probably would n't have happened . 
  it was as i pointed out in my comment a combination of russian promises and turkish aggression that led those armenians that did sign up with the russians and those that did fight back to do so . 
  without the russians the armenians would have been flattened . 
  in fact even with the russians they were . 
  also it was well within the powers of the ottomans to stop the armenians taking greater armenia without mass extermination . 
  i was n't defending / u/zoorope i was simply correcting the guy above . 
  as far as bias on the site is concerned its well sourced and seems pretty factual to me . 
  i 'd be interested to see which parts you think are biased . 
  the russians probably have better organisation than any european military effort has now or will do in the near future . 
  plus china has the potential to be to a ( none nuclear ) world war three what america was to world war two , a massive manufacturing machine capable of out building pretty much everyone . 
  actually for the most part they were n't . 
  they were the victims of the ottoman attempts homogenize the empire by ` turkifying ' it . 
  this included expanding into the other turkish regions of central asia and enforcing religious unity . 
  unfortunately the for the armenians , assyrians , pontic greeks and syriacs they were all a ) christian communities and b ) slap bang in between western turkey and the eastern turkic peoples . 
  all of this was going on in the late 19th century with forced conversions and evictions occurring throughout eastern turkey and the ottoman caucuses . 
  but with the young turks rebellion of 1905 and the implementation of a western style nationalism the ` clean up ' was intensified . 
  in 1915 shit really hit the fan as far as the armenians were concerned . 
  during wwi the russians promised the armenians an independent nation if they signed up to fight for them . 
  many armenians living in the russian empire and some living in the ottoman empire signed up to fight for the russians against the turks . 
  when enver pasha ( the ottoman minister for war at the time ) was defeated by the russians in the caucuses ( mainly due to his own stupidity ) he blamed it on armenian traitors and the widespread massacres began . 
  for the most part the armenians were just a convenient scapegoat for pasha . 
  all of this said the armenian genocide stretches beyond simple mass murder and even beyond the ottoman empire . 
  turkey has been engaged in actively destroying all evidence that the armenians ever existed by demolishing old armenian villages , churches uprooting what is left of the community and even going so far as to smash all the armenian orthodox graves in christian graveyards . 
  this was occurring well into the 1990s . 
  if you 're interested [ this ] ( http://www.genocide1915.org/fragorochsvar_bakgrund.html ) website seems to offer a fairly competent overview . 
  true enough , that said i doubt the latvian people would elect a man who thinks his first sexual encounter was with an alien ... 
  a man who appears almost daily in russian media has n't been seen for days and helicopters have been flying about in restricted airspace . 
  one or even many of the oligarchs with assets frozen overseas and companies crumbling under the strain of the blockade ? 
  nope , even with china 's backing the us navy in the pacific is just too powerful .
