  ottomans had a far less centralised system of rule . 
  they allowed the various minorities to run their own legal courts and rule their own people . 
  it was a very different system of rule to the european system . 
  the existence of the syrian state , its boundaries and the social order including rule by the alawite minority as well as the repression of the sunni majority are all hangovers of french imperial rule , the same with iraq and british rule . 
  one of the key points of imperial rule was to maintain tensions and rivalry amongst the local population in order to prevent them unifying to confront the imperial power . 
  the current conflict is pretty much the region sorting itself out and hopefully at the end of this we 'll see the emergence of some new more internally stable states but this is very much 100 % the result of imperial rule . 
  it takes longer than 70 years for a region to readjust after 500 + years of imperial rule . 
  she was 18 , reread the article . 
  studying history of law , apologies for that slip offended you . 
  this is a perfect example of he-said-she-said . 
  there is a single piece of evidence that is circumstantial . 
  i am assuming the defence had the 24 year old on the stand to confirm the sex story and from there on it is all about how each side says it got there . 
  there are no witnesses and there is no other proof . 
  it is entirely her story of how it got there vs his . 
  he argued she dragged him on top of her and he fell . 
  she then forced his had between her legs . 
  at no point do they actually quote him saying anything about penetration . 
  the section where they say that was his defence is quickly followed by ` said dailymail.net ' . 
  the defence 's argument that he had sex before hand and she dragged his hand between her legs is what cast `` reasonable doubt '' on the dna evidence . 
  once that 's explained away the fact the defence changed their story is pretty much irrelevant to the trial as it is basically he said she said . 
  reread the article . 
  he says she dragged his hand between her legs . 
  he also claims to have had sex before hand , thus casting reasonable doubt on the dna between her legs . 
  reread the article . 
  look at his actual defence . 
  read the article , he says he had sex before hand and claims she dragged his hand between her legs . 
  that 's his defence for the dna samples . 
  you have a job , so you are employed but your employer is under no obligation to provide you with hours to work and can essentially call you up at a moment 's notice . 
  the system is useful to some but also open to abuse as your employer can shadow-fire you by not providing you with hours and shitty managers often demand workers turn up at ( from personal experience ) five minutes notice with threats of fewer or no hours if they do n't . 
  yes they would . 
  this is a really standard he said , she said case . 
  he claims she initiated something and he rejected her , she has no witnesses and his lawyer can explain away most of the evidence . 
  the case ca n't be proved beyond reasonable doubt so the jury has to find non-guilty . 
  this is how almost all rape cases go , its why reporting and convictions for rape are so low . 
  once vigilantism becomes acceptable we begin rule by mob and descend into anarchy . 
  neither wealth nor multiculturalism is particularly relevant in this case . 
  it 's a textbook case of he said she said . 
  the defendant had already had sex that night so he has a perfectly legitimate reason for having semen on his body . 
  all he says is she tried to initiate something and he refused at some point during her initiation some of the semen was transferred from his body to hers . 
  beyond that its a standard case of he said she said , this is really bog standard legal stuff and the precise reason that reporting and prosecution of rape cases is so low . 
  the guy 's faith and nationality are irrelevant to the actual outcome of the case , his wealth might have bought him a better lawyer but most bog standard lawyers could muddy the water enough in a case like this to prevent any form of prosecution . 
  i 'm not christian nor are most of the people i know . 
  and as far as europe being culturally christian is concerned we are only christian in the western sense . 
  middle eastern christians are the same as western christians . 
  they are more extreme in their views and enforcement than western christians . 
  bear in mind that lebanese christians carried out wholesale civilian massacres and hundreds of rapes and tortures in the civil war . 
  if you hate the region at least hate all parts of the region equally ... 
  then its not a process and you are not upholding your obligations to human rights . 
  either you do it properly and actually investigate or you accept that you do not want this kind of person in your country and tell them exactly that and refuse to accept their application . 
  why would we accept christians ? 
  is there some innate quality in being christian that makes them more worthy of refugee status ? 
  surely if you do n't want refugees you just turn them all away . 
  planning laws contain building standards within them as well as making sure , as i mentioned , that you do n't build your house somewhere it is going to collapse . 
  they also do a few other helpful things like preventing companies building chemical plants and quarries in the middle of residential areas and they ensure that the necessary infrastructure is in place first . 
  they stop neighbours blocking all the sunlight from your garden and building extensions that block your view when reversing from the driveway . 
  they guarantee the rights of farmers and recognise the importance of regions of scientific interest . 
  they are a vital part of our legal code and are by and large a good thing . 
  actually we have [ enough housing ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/?gws_rd=ssl#q=number+of+empty+homes+in+uk ) , its just not where demand is high , more importantly planning law is meant to protect ** everyone 's ** rights . 
  planning laws are used to prevent people building 10 story sky scrapers that block out everyone else 's sun . 
  they 're used to ensure your house is n't about to fall down and that it is n't built somewhere its going to sink into the ground . 
  what you 're objecting to is a small part of the whole and scrapping planning laws so that we can build fuck tonnes more housing in the south-east of england is a painfully short sighted solution to a big issue . 
  the problem with the australian points based system is that it primarily reflects the desires of businesses . 
  which means it ends up taking in lots of low wage migrants because that is what businesses want . 
  maybe but at the same time most people in my generation barely think about the empire it has little bearing on decision making . 
  it 's probably one of the reasons the young were so overwhelmingly anti-brexit none of them were thinking of reestablishing the commonwealth and buying in new zealand lamb etc. 
  you have no idea what the prison system was like at the time do you ? 
  one of the key systems for imprisoning people was the use of hulks . 
  old rotting ships that were turned into to floating prisons . 
  they were disease infested rat holes where people were literally eaten alive by prisoners and rodents . 
  as for the prison system the victorians subscribed to the idea that villainy and corruption spread through contact so prisoners were locked in a cell on their own for 23 hours of the day with nothing but a bible . 
  for one hour a day they were allowed out onto the yard to be exercised . 
  exercise was often either walking around the yard in silence for an hour or shot drill where a pile of cannon balls had to be moved from one side of the yard to the other . 
  prison was n't for reform , you did n't come out of prison with prospects a large number of people went mad during their time in prison because there was literally nothing to do . 
  better to be in australia to be honest . 
  honestly brexit was much more of an internal argument . 
  the eu was just a scapegoat . 
  some people are upset by immigration but mostly it was about class divide , geographical favouritism and attitudes towards globalism . 
  i 'm not saying britain is completely free of xenophobia but it is less of an issue than the press would make it seem . 
  honestly things like medicinal advances were rarely exported to the colonies . 
  the french were honestly much better at that , much though it pains me to admit it . 
  most of the infrastructure britain built was for military use and not for general use . 
  there were some boons like outlawing thugee in india but in terms of body count as with most empires britain was decidedly in the red . 
  +1 for being far more civil than i 've come to expect from the internet . 
  teaching the holocaust was bad is easy to do . 
  britain is on the right side of the conflict and the holocaust is so socially ingrained as terrible most kids know about it and what the correct attitude towards it is long before they cover it in school . 
  the problem with teaching the empire is that if for example you cover the punjab or bengal famines . 
  in order to cover those you have to first explain how britain got there and why they were in control . 
  that is the bit that gets latched onto by kids not really paying attention . 
  the fact you do n't think greater misery = greater authenticity proves that you are unsaveably southern . 
  honestly brexit had very little to do with the eu . 
  probably even less to do with romania . 
  do n't suppose yous lot fancy adding the north east to your parliament do you ? 
  please ? 
  yeah !, 
  lets take the wealthiest 30 % of the country and pretend that poverty is n't a thing !, 
  london is so far removed from what the rest of the country is like it 's hardly more representative . 
  honestly this is really minor nit picking and is probably more ego stroking than anything else but ... picts ca n't really be said to be the native inhabitants of north scotland in any pre-gaelic sense the peoples there were probably just britons of one sort or another . 
  the concept of picts and pictishness was basically taken on ( ignoring the roman origin ) to indicate a difference between the romano-british and those few britons that had n't been romanised in any real sense . 
  mate i 'm from the north of england and it is fucking grim . 
  not our fault but it is true .
