we are ungrateful because we keep having to help you fight your stupid wars . 
  because now they have no goal and therefore ca n't be a united party . 
  as of a few days ago they have zero mps . 
  well two of the main political parties ( ukip and labour ) are in ruins while the prime minster had to resign . 
  scotland is almost reaching a majority supporting leaving the u.k. and out current has fallen apart . 
  i feel we have reached a point where so much is being done to stop terrorism that it 's not really worth the cost . 
  if we wanted to save lives we could throw the money into healthcare, 
  i clearly mean radicalising the fundamentalists that are n't driving into people . 
  fair , i had forgotten about the huguenots . 
  but do you not think the process of cracking down on such a significant section of the population would have negotiate effects ? 
  if you wanted to save life 's then investing the money in the nhs would accomplish more . 
  and by directing media attention to terrorists you are allowing them to become well know martyrs for their ideology . 
  the fact that this attack was done a year after the one in belgium shows that this attack was at least partially influenced by other attacks . 
  can you give an example of a time when brutally cracking down on a large religious group actually helped instead of just radicalising them ? 
  terrorism should n't be treated differently than homocide . 
  media attention only allows terrorism to fulfill its purpose . 
  if he dies he becomes a martya which is what he wants . 
  i 'm quite please by this honestly . 
  sensationalising terrorist attacks only makes people more likely to become terrorists . 
  would n't openly opposing islam just force them into more radical positions ? 
  when has cracking down on a minority group ever gone well ? 
  and there are barely any terrorists in the rest of europe . 
  terrorism 's actual body count is insignificant . 
  terrorism is about making a message and by making a big deal out of terrorist attacks you are letting their message be heard . 
  what do you suggest we do ? 
  it 's not like the security forces not doing anything . 
  fair enough , i just do n't really see why physical distance is important when canada has strong economic and cultural ties to several european countries . 
  i do n't really buy the `` too far away '' argument , if you live in a place like ireland you can probably reach canada a faster than you can reach romania, 
  i feel israel is more likely to get us into a war than keep us out of one . 
  also allowing it into the eu jepodises our relations with a lot of the middle east . 
  i do think it would be great if nations outside of europe could join , i would love to have canada , australia and new zealand in the union . 
  then why are you defending the guy who says that 50 % of people should be paid less by default . 
  even if you are right ( which you are n't ) then you are still advocating for paying people less because they belong to a group that is worse on average instead of judging them as individuals . 
  if that 's true you have made a compelling argument for men being smarter, 
  then you should pay them based on their productivity rather than their gender . 
  * checks username * yeah that seems about right . 
  yes but then you would be ignoring the massive contributions of china on the asian front who managed to tie up millions of japanese soldiers . 
  there was also some very decisive soviet action in manchuria near the end of the war that goes largely ignored because it happened too late to change the wars outcome . 
  to be fairer china , britain and the ussr also fought against japan . 
  will you show up late and only do a fraction of the work for this one as well ? 
  you mean their only warm water port ? 
  which is in an ocean that can be sealed off any time turkey wants it to ? 
  nice fallacy there . 
  how is it not homophobic to oppose gay marriage while the majority of your population supports it . 
  what . 
  you do n't want homophobic muslims entering your country so you put a homophobic person in charge of your country . 
  well if you want to stop that ideology you probably shouldnt be electing it . 
  i agree with most of what you have said but i do n't really think the american military system is particularly effecient . 
  europe would be rapidly militarism which would allow it to greatly reform its existing military institutions which could possible go quite well . 
  that 's because of poor strategic deployment not lack of armed forces . 
  if germany , france and the u.k. but their armed forces along the border with russia there would be no issue , the reason they do n't is because it is ludicrous to think that russia would start a war with the largest military allience on earth . 
  yes as i said the article has nothing to do with the size of armed forces and how a war would go , it 's all about how one area of europe is inadiquitly defended ,, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_armed_forces as you can see europes are a lot bigger and better funded . 
  not only that but the eu could sustain war for much longer as its economy is so much better ( russia 's gdp is about the same as italy ) . 
  that article you posted simply states that the current positioning of nato troops leaves the baltic states in a difficult to defend position . 
  but do we need a larger army ? 
  russia and turkey 's armed forces would be dwarfed by a combined european army . 
  to be fair most do n't need to . 
  the only nation remotely threatening near europe is russia and the combined army of nato ( even without america ) dwarfs russia 's armed forces . 
  honestly russian expansion has been into non-eu countries it has nothing to do with eu spending . 
  the combined eu military budget is much bigger than that of russia . 
  yeah and if you look at the facts you would know that europe is century 's away from a muslim mayority and the a lot of europe ( especially eastern europe ) has no issues in regards to lacking racisim . 
  what do you suggest europe does ? 
  but by leaving the eu you are giving more power to westminister . 
  le pen is calling for a referendum and public opinion in france is pro eu, 
  funny how you argue so passionately about something you know so little about . 
  sounds pretty hot . 
  true but if this country was any other major religion they would have probably done the same thing or worse . 
  true , being part of a peaceful religion does n't make you a peaceful person . 
  well your child wo n't be in a relationship much longer if their parter is on fire . 
  idk buddists are pretty chill . 
  idk i have no faith in my own country to elect decent leaders . 
  i would be fine outsourcing my countries democracy to german voters . 
  so despite your education you still do n't understand how polling works ? 
  would n't it just have more mps than anyone else ? 
  russia 's population is only like a 5th of the size of the eu atm . 
  because there is nothing big in the leaks . 
  if anything this make macron look more trustworthy . 
  actual if sweden hit 1.7 % quarterly growth every quarter this year it would be growing at a similar speed as china . 
  it 's pretty bad considering our inflation is high at the moment . 
  also when you look into things there 's not promising signs , the manufacturing sector contracted despite the devaluation of the pound . 
  sure it is n't a disaster but it means that if there 's another economic shock from somewhere we could be in trouble . 
  no ... . the average wages in eastern europe are growing rapidly , you underestimate how poor these places used to be . 
  i 'm not talking about poland in particular . 
  i 'm asking if you think it 's democratic to use democracy to suspend democracy . 
  if someone held a referendum to end democratic elections forever would you consider that democratic ? 
  democracy is n't just about majority rule unless you take it in its most reductionist form . 
  democracy should be about upholding freedoms and rights not just obeying the majority . 
  amazing pictures . 
  the morocco one was stunning . 
  there probably is . 
  but trying to block people when you are not able to is much worse than our current situation . 
  i imagine i creates big problems if you try and block migrants entering but ca n't get all of them . 
  one of the few good things about our current system is that by not being hostile to migrants they are likely to land in the country with our knowledge meaning they can be documented and tracked . 
  otherwise we could end up with a situation where we do n't know how many people are in europe or where they are which is a logistical nightmare . 
  except the vast majority of immigrants are employed . 
  i 'm surprised you believe the benifits theif line , i 'm pretty sure the tories stopped pushing that one ages ago . 
  actually most of our conservative mps voted against gay marriage . 
  libya was a massive civil war before gaddafi was gone . 
  any source for the claim that `` most of them do n't even want to be here '' claim .
