  sorry i did n't realise you were more qualified to predict our economic growth than economists . 
  this whole idea of cultural dilution is bullshit with no evidence behind it . 
  if a bunch of eastern europeans become your neighbours does that prevent you from being as british as you were before . 
  it 's not a matter of losing money . 
  a bad economy means unemployment , lack of funding for the public services and more crime . 
  people literally die when the economy is doing badly . 
  distrust does not mean dislike . 
  i feel there 's a lot of distrust after it was revealed that the nsa was spying on germany a few years ago . 
  it 's easy to lower you co2 emissions when they are already very high . 
  china is a rapidly developing industrial nation , of course its emissions will rise . 
  `` ethically segregated multi cultural hellhole '' wow how many buzzwords can you fit into a sentence . 
  they were born here . 
  we do we kick them out to ? 
  i do n't think any country wanted refugees but it 's not feasible to stop everyone from reaching europe, 
  it 's all trumps masterplan to make his allies have such little faith in him that they unite together . 
  glorious leader 5d chess . 
   renewables except hydro are still ridiculous and the prices will go severly up as soon as we will need to stock them at big scales . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's the exact opposite of how prices work . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm saying . 
  she is doing all this stuff to stop terrorism and it has just made the issue worse somehow . 
  we have n't had 3 attacks in a year since the ira were active . 
  yeah she has had the worst record of dealing with terrorism since the days when the ira were big . 
  the attack in manchester did n't even budge the polls in may 's favour . 
  it seems people do n't care as much about terrorism as is thought . 
  not exactly . 
  yougov polls are also showing a small lead of just 3 points . 
  not against the eu unless nato fucks up . 
  the forbes article just discusses the flaws in how the 97 % figure is obtained , it does nothing to suggest how far off it is from the actually figure . 
  think about pascal 's wager , even if the chance of climate change existing was only about 50 % then it would still be worth putting all this investment into green technology as to cost of us not doing so would be catastrophic if climate change actually exists . 
  yes you clearly are n't a scientist . 
  there is a 97 % consensus that climate change exists . 
  there is a reason none of these other major countries are questioning its existence . 
  we 're as in america some mixture of lobbyists and republicans reactionaries have managed to turn the very existence of climate change into a controversial issue . 
  the economy was weak when obama took office . 
  do you blame that on obama or events that happened under bush ? 
   no mention of the skyrocketing economy . 
  a strong economy would be thanks to obama . 
  the flaws in the paris agreement do n't justify trump 's refusal to even acknowledge that humans cause climate change . 
  how are the actions of democratic systems facist ? 
  you are just blinded by your hatred for the eu, 
  you realise every democrat has the same principle . 
  you elect representatives who probably know more about issues because it 's their bloody job . 
  how is it facist to care about things more than the soverienty of one nation in a 27-nation union ? 
  if anything that 's democratic . 
  regardless this will have to be approved by the council ( which is elected by democratic governments ) and the european pariment ( which people democratically voted for ), 
  no `` accidentally '' falling out of windows is tradition . 
  he 's been involved in politics for over a decade and is a party minister . 
  that 's not exactly `` no experience '' meanwhile trump actually has no experience . 
  the reason this is news is because of trumps infamous need to try and dominate everyone in some kind of awkward handshake . 
  he is good at giving speeches and he ran against another awful candidate . 
  filling the child birth shortage with unwanted children is not a good idea . 
  it creates poverty and crime and really just drags down the country . 
  nothing says winning like destabilising your allies . 
  so it 's been over 100 days . 
  are isis gone ? 
  because it does n't seem like they are . 
  knowing trump he probably said both . 
  how 's trump 's plan to destroy isis within 100 days of becoming president going ? 
  you are underestimating the importance of geopolitics . 
  there are more important things than looking tough . 
  which would damage our economy and give the russians a chance to get more friendly with the turkish . 
  well what should we do ? 
  declare war ? 
  that 's a pretty big simplification of the situation in 1914, 
  they got raided by turkish people once so until a few decades ago it was legal to kill anyone turkish in the country . 
  can you give me an example of a point at which anyone remotely senior in the eu said anything like `` let em in and if they break the laws we deal with it with a warning they likely do not understand '' the eu does give migrants education to help them integrate . 
  eu nations essentially are allowed to manage their immigration with non-eu nations and internal eu migration is essential to european unity and the economy . 
  but the eu is n't . 
  most of the eu does n't want these migrants anymore than you do but there is n't much you can do . 
  it 's not possible to secure the entire mediterranean and if you act hostile towards migrants they will just become undocumented which creates administrative difficulties like you see with mexicans in america . 
  you could also say that leaving the eu would increase unemployment which would make communities less safe by itself . 
  you are being facetious and sensationalistic . 
  when you say no man 's land you mean a marginally poorer region of the city . 
  unless the political climate is going to remain the same for the next 50 years what the swedish government is doing at the moment is not important . 
  there will be new goverments with different polices . 
  those are n't facts . 
  i 'm just going to repeat what 's already being explained to you . 
  the muslim birthdate descreases after one generation , this is seen in every other developed country , and you do n't pretend you are able to tell that muslim immigration will continue endlessly because you ca n't, 
  it 's only extremist because the discussion often ends up at `` merkle is commiting white genocide , we must leave the eu before the migrant hordes destroy our culture '', 
  you are overestimating how big this issue is . 
  migrants commit crime and that 's definitely a bad thing but it 's not even close to be worth leaving the eu over . 
  it would be a lot easier to debate this if the people wanting to take a tougher stance were n't also the people who want the eu to collapse . 
  iran is not near europe . 
  you mentioned yourself that war is about technology in which case europe is still far superior to russia . 
  russia ca n't just train a million people at will because it wants to . 
  in terms of gdp % russia is already spending over twice as much as just about any nation in europe . 
  yes russia has a few nukes of there own , that does n't mean they are ok with us having nukes , did n't you every learn about mad ? 
  by thinking turkey is at risk of leaving nato and joining russia you are showing that you have next to no understanding of geopolitics . 
  and even if turkey did somehow join russia they are still outclassed by europe . 
  finally let 's consider that somehow turkey and russia both joined forces and decided to build up their armies even more so they could combat europe . 
  well then europe could easily crush them in an arms race because europe has a lot more money and a lot more people . 
  the quality of care is not superior in america , the people you are talking about are not very common . 
  if you do n't believe me check that statistics on treatment outcomes and life expectancy . 
  are you delusioned or do you just not understand the the eu 's combined armed forces are 1.8 million people ( the u.s only had around 100,000 personal in europe ) which is easily capable for stopping russia . 
  not to mention that the eu has nuclear weapons . 
  russia is n't a superpower anymore , 4 eurpean nations have economies larger than russia . 
  you are pulling all this out your arse . 
  the eu does n't spend more on defense because we are sensible enough to not spend more than we need to . 
  the only nation near us that is remotely threatening is russia and russia is far outclassed by the combined strength of the eu . 
  we do n't need america to afford our social programs , in fact many of them save us money .
