  it 's a very british thing . 
  the brits will always have your back in a war and only your back . 
  yeah , its not like they were unaware of these inaccuracies as they were making them . 
  they often purposely exaggerated geographic features that were relevant to them . 
  the only purpose of maps like these were to provide , as you say , general information and orientation . 
  its not like they were pulling this exact map out to navigate . 
  once colonial and trade empires began to expand and cover the breadth of the globe , they would begin to become closer to the accuracy . 
  even today , 2d maps are wildly distorted even if shapes and relative locations are accurate . 
  if you take that sentiment in mind , there should probably be more inclusion of other cultures . 
  europe extracted the wealth of five continents that was built up over millenia in the span of a few centuries . 
  as an example , colonies like saint-domingue ( modern day haiti ) , provided a significant portion of france 's wealth throughout the 18th century . 
  at the cost of , probably , millions of lives . 
  that wealth did n't just stay in france , it trickled throughout all of europe to varying degrees . 
  i get that current generations are n't responsible and that it is n't really feasible to `` rectify '' any wrong doings , but these peoples contributions to the cultural , scientific , and economic achievements of europe should be understood , acknowledge , and even celebrated . 
  the foundation for these achievements was laid upon the backs of many of these peoples much like it was the peasants . 
  europe is becoming more and more multicultural . 
  part of the push to integrate should be `` lets celebrate our achievements together . '', 
  is that not the norm in europe ? 
  in the u.s. doing so could result in a fine or even an arrest in most places . 
  although how strictly they enforce it varies greatly . 
  the uk : having your back and only your back since the 1700s . 
  i think they mean she is kurdish ? 
  i do n't know enough to comment on the other things . 
  while that is certainly understating it , it is n't crazy for them to feel like they did most of the fighting . 
  they kind of did . 
  by the way , that website you linked to about camp david is a parody . 
  camp david is not rented out . 
  it does n't even show up on park maps . 
  you 'd hope so . 
  olkiluoto is a nuclear power plant . 
  costumed men wo n't solve security concerns . 
  they are !, 
  you just have to give them everything east of the monchique islet . 
  not much to ask , imo . 
  has anyone ever been to the danube river delta ? 
  worth a trip ? 
  i wonder how he reconciles these things . 
  is he afraid of his daughter joining the islamic state because of their sharia law or because she is liable to be killed in fighting ? 
  probably the latter of the two . 
  still , maybe he will recognize the benefits of secularism in bringing stability and prosperity . 
  i think the conclusion that europe lacks power is false . 
  europe is not poor . 
  as a whole , it does not need a 1 billion arms deal . 
  it is not europe though , it is sweden . 
  sweden in the grand scheme of things is small . 
  it would be good to see more unity in europe as a whole . 
  but i doubt most countries want a headache over this . 
  everyone knows how women are treated by the saudis is wrong . 
  they do not want to be the target of terrorist attacks , they do not want to risk upsetting the people who control the oil supply , and at some point they have to ask if it is europe 's problem to fix . 
  could europe fix it even if they tried as a whole ? 
  probably not . 
  what are you going to do , invade ? 
  seize their money and holdings ? 
  ban their oil ? 
  most attempts in the past have just caused the people to dig in their heels and inspire individuals like osama bin laden . 
  it just is n't worth it for others to jump onto this issue at a government level . 
  better to wage `` war '' with education , football , and internet porn . 
  yeah , so pretty much like a san francisco then which has the worst of both worlds . 
  out on a hilly/mountainous peninsula with limited land , regulations restricting building not only where , but what , when , how , and for whom . 
  extremely expensive to get * approved * to build something before any construction begins . 
  how is the metro system ? 
  why is n't more housing built ? 
  serious question , in the u.s. we have some cities that have rather ridiculous zoning policies that limit housing , and some that are highly constricted by geography . 
  but for the most part , cities just build out . 
  sweden is n't a very population dense country , it seems like there would be space , or that high density housing could be built . 
  i know there are a lot of marshes and rivers near stockholm and draining all of them is n't ideal , but the growth looks very haphazard . 
  like i 'm looking on google maps and there is a great grassy area to the east of stockholm . 
  it looks like there are some football fields there , including american football . 
  but in the southern portion ... it looks like just grass and trees . 
  i 'm all for having some open spaces , but it looks kind of far out there . 
  [ here is a 20km radius ] ( https://www.freemaptools.com/radius-around-point.htm?clat=59.329323&amp;clng=18.068581&amp;r=20&amp;lc=ffffff&amp;lw=1&amp;fc=00ff00&amp;mt=h&amp;fs=true&amp;nomoreradius=true ) around stockholm . 
  marshland or not , there is a lot of low density land . 
  inverness , morby , djursholm and that area look like american style single family housing that probably has american style commutes . 
  ca n't be * that * bad . 
  just for reference , the u.s. pension system has largely crashed and we do not have the birthrate issues europe does . 
  sure , but a lot of that is intentional as well . 
  it 's where you hear some of the most egregious abuses of visas . 
  yes and in many cases these language barriers are one of the tools used to exploit them . 
  beyond that , it is also a significant barrier to their escape from poverty . 
  from the chinese perspective ( at least at the time ) , the policy was viewed as a necessity to both improve the standard of living and to attempt to not have literally more people than they could feed and house . 
  most of the people enacting the policy would 've been born in the 1900s/1910s . 
  in their minds , the problems with this were very real . 
  [ just look at this list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_famines_in_china ) . 
  that is what , 120 million people in 120 years from 1850 to 1970 ? 
  even just the great chinese famine ( 40 million ) would 've been about 6 % of its population . 
  what if germany lost 5 million people in the next four years due to starvation ? 
  how would * you * take that ? 
  it was a reoccurring historical event . 
  famines would come periodically and kill millions upon millions of people . 
  the population grew from ~ 600 million in 1950 to ~ 800 million in 1970 . 
  now , with the idea of how germany losing 5 million in mind , consider looking at that number and just imagine how much harder it is to feed an additional 100 million people every decade . 
  science and technology will help , global trade will help , but where is that limit ? 
  which will go faster ? 
  do you really want to find out ? 
  so in addition to reforming the economy and embracing the economic policies that led china to where it is today and helps solve issues like food , water , and housing , they also made the decision to hedge their bets and try to slow population growth . 
  this was n't really new for the communists because they had always encouraged limiting reproduction for a variety of reasons . 
  so they thought it necessary to do this and had decent reasons for doing so , but understood how difficult it could be . 
  they did n't place the burden on minorities ( which would n't have fixed the problem anyway ) but instead excluded them from even sharing in it . 
  i do n't think `` rights '' is the correct term for it , but it is an example of not abusing minorities . 
  although , i do n't think it really lends much evidence to china protecting rights either .
