  poland has always committed to nato causes . 
  i do n't see why hosting black sites is particularly bad either . 
  with no disrespect intended , but poland has a long history of being invaded by germans , russians , and others . 
  they are not capable of going it alone and no reason to believe anyone near them that could help will help . 
  while i do not agree with my country 's policy , i highly respect poland 's decision to acquiesce to those demands . 
  i wish we were asking them to do something nicer , like provide r&r in krakow or warsaw , but sometimes western europeans seem to forget events their parents lived through . 
  the ussr and the nazis were no joke . 
  neither were the russians , prussians , and austrians before them . 
  it 's what they do to help protect themselves . 
  knives are useful . 
  it 's hard to point any exact reason why , but that is exactly why people carry them . 
  as an example , i recently purchased earbuds and wanted to listen to a podcast immediately as i had shopping to do . 
  getting into the plastic container with bare hands is difficult and surprisingly easy to cut yourself doing . 
  used my knife . 
  or another time i went to a party and brought a bottle of wine where there was no wine opener , used my knife . 
  it 's useful for the purposes you do n't think of rather than something you plan for . 
  but it is an issue exactly because that is n't how it works . 
  consider the yugoslav wars where millions were turned into refugees . 
  they fled to relatively stable nearby countries , like macedonia , germany , hungary , austria , etc. 
  they generally integrated fairly well into those nations and it was a relatively obvious decision to go back and rebuild . 
  it is fairly simple to get from austria to croatia and while austria is wealthier , croatia is not so bad . 
  you get all the important things and besides , its home . 
  compare that to iraqis and syrians . 
  pretty difficult to get to central europe . 
  pretty difficult to get back home . 
  very different standard of living . 
  very little history of refugees from the region ever returning back . 
  very little reason to believe things will be stable enough to go back home ( or that the victors would even welcome them back ) . 
  i am well aware of that , but my scenario calls attention to problems . 
   you ca n't just `` build a factory '' in eastern turkey and expect it to be economically feasible , no matter the subsidies . 
  can you just `` build a factory '' in germany ( or elsewhere in high gdp europe ) ? 
  what about other means of employment ? 
  sure , there are constantly places through germany looking to hire people , but these openings did not appear with the intent of taking advantage of hundreds of thousands of unskilled workers appearing in the workforce who are unable to functionally communicate and are functionally illiterate . 
  they 're very difficult to employ or turn to productive members of society . 
   which means that your plan is on a completely different timeline than the current crisis , which may well be over in a year or two . 
  if you believe this , then what happens after the crisis ends ? 
  do they stay or do they go ? 
  maybe it * would * be easier to spend money and grant them food , housing , and income for two years if they are going to pick up and go home after the crisis . 
  that , in and of itself , is incredibly problematic however . 
  consider what countries that were warzones * look * like . 
  disruption of social services . 
  destroyed public infrastructure . 
  limited and/or unsafe housing . 
  declines in educations . 
  increased things like child mortality , incidences of preventable diseases , and so on . 
  there is little chance that these refugees want to go back . 
  there is little chance they will not still be refugees once this crisis ends . 
  consider swedish iraqis , there are something like 170,000 swedish iraqis , half of whom came as refugees in the iraq war and most of the other half came as refugees fleeing saddam . 
  some of those refugees have been so for 30 years . 
   the reality of the current situation , however , is far from what the government has promised . 
  the shortage of housing has led to severe overcrowding . 
  fires are a frequent result of this overcrowding along with the quickness in which illnesses spread among these communities ( malm\u00f6 stad 2009 ) . 
  integration resources , meant to help immigrants become part of the society but more importantly the labor market , are overextended . 
  language courses , schools and job training courses are full . 
  unable to obtain a job without proficient swedish language skills and jobs within the community scarce , the majority of the population is unable to achieve financial independence . 
  due to the nature of the swedish welfare system , the municipalities hosting these communities have taken extreme blows to the health of their economy . 
  reliant on tax dollars6 from workers is necessary to support those in need , but does not work if there are too few contributing to the state while living off of it . 
   the higher cost of living in metropolitan areas is attributed to past integration failures into the labor market . 
  in 2000 , 50 % of sweden 's refugee cohort was partially if not fully dependant on social security provided by the state ( hammarstedt 2002 ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.hofstra.edu/academics/colleges/hclas/anthro/hpia/hpia-skiold.html ) refugees from poor and unstable countries in wealthy and prosperous tend to be permanent residents and they tend to , as a population , be drains on social resources for 20-30 years . 
  no one goes back willingly . 
  what about force ? 
  force has its own issues . 
  kurds and assyrians fleeing saddam 's terrorism have had legitimate reasons to not want to return . 
  isis can be viewed as a furthering saddam 's policies rather than a distinct and separate phenomenon . 
  after 10 years , there are kids born in their refuge country , who speak the language , and have studied in the schools . 
  they probably have n't assimilated fully , but certainly enough to where the american love of hyphens becomes appropriate . 
  syrian-germans , a foot in each culture . 
  20 years ? 
  if they 've been doing well , they 're in university . 
  if not , they would be fucked if they were sent back anyway . 
  the refugees build lives where they settle and forcing their evacuation tends to turn them into refugees once again . 
  its inhumane . 
  so , why not plan for 10 years , 20 years ? 
  the issues europe has had with integration are fairly well known . 
  while i think its unfair to solely blame the immigrant communities for this as i do think they face adjustment difficulty and discrimination , i also think that is irrelevant . 
  that is n't going away . 
  as that source demonstrates with sweden , that is a 20-30 years of attempting to integrate refugees with mixed results . 
  20-30 years is enough time for the next conflict to arise . 
  maybe these refugees would have an easier time adjusting to a culture that worships similarly to them , that eats many of the same foods , that has a lot of shared history , and so on ? 
  it would also make it easier for them to return home if they wanted and to rebuild their home country from abroad . 
  living in the united states , i have seen this firsthand . 
  i am sure it exists within europe as well . 
  many mexicans come to the united states to work whatever job they can , acquire whatever skills they can . 
  some of them intend to settle down and start a life here , which i 'm completely okay with . 
  many others however remit their earning back to mexico to do things like send their kids to school , have a decent roof over their head , and things like that . 
  millions come and go to largely make both countries better places . 
  that gets a lot more difficult the farther you get . 
  that is n't true at all . 
  here is what you do if you are germany and want syrian refugees to stay in turkey . 
  get on the phone with turkey and say `` hey , what if we pay german companies to build and operate housing , factories , and so on in turkey at a ratio of half refugee/half turk ratio , would you be down ? '', 
  turkey says `` hell yes , we have been wanting german investment ! '', 
  one german company operates the factory , another builds apartments . 
  build schools , offer education grants for those who want to study in germany . 
  partner in that . 
  they become productive members of society . 
  everyone benefits . 
  unless of course you do n't expect the refugees to be down for that or to be refugees . 
  i doubt these guys had anything to do with that . 
  while i disagree with what i know of sharia law , they are attempting what they perceive as improvement of their community rather than destruction of it .
