  it 's not like europe has nothing though . 
  there are lots of tech companies throughout europe . 
  like a huge amount of popular mobile games are european . 
  useful things like soundcloud , spotify , waze , and skype . 
  shopping sites like asos and net a porter . 
  lots of good stuff . 
  although several of those were bought by american companies ( skype , waze ) but both unfortunately got worse for it . 
  i wonder if anything could be done to discourage that ? 
  it would be nice to have a different set of rules behind some of these companies . 
  there are also a lot of europeans working in the american tech sector as well , so the talent is definitely there . 
  as an american , reading a list like that strikes me as weird . 
  why are n't there european alternatives ? 
  it feels like europe just ceded the entire internet to the u.s. without a fight . 
  i doubt it . 
  russia is turkey 's biggest threat . 
  probably it 's only real threat . 
  it is n't a small nation , it 's a regional power . 
  they are n't going to let russia push it over to conduct operations in its sphere of influence . 
  what will likely happen is turkey doubles down , russia doubles down , but russia is much more careful in the future . 
  neither really want to start a war with each other . 
  plus , in a pinch , you can turn it into a gigantic sauna . 
  i also think these kinds of programs take time . 
  they now have the power to tap lines and a wide berth to investigate potential targets . 
  how do they know who those potential targets are ? 
  it takes time to suss that out . 
  a good way to think of it is as two different pyramids/triangles . 
  without mass surveillance , police and intelligence officers must start at the tip of the pyramid . 
  they find identify one person and seek to build out their information of potential criminal activity from that point . 
  there are obviously a lot of flaws and limitations to this . 
  how do they find their starting points ? 
  how good are those starting points ? 
  how many networks can they actually infiltrate given that many attacks are planned in small , independent , cells ? 
  the possibility of catching these people often comes in areas that law enforcement already casts a wide net , through smuggling , drugs , money wiring , guns , and so on . 
  but it is so easy to miss them . 
  mass surveillance provides an opposite approach . 
  you take a large population/community , you have access to their phone calls , their texts , their emails , and all their activity . 
  through these you pick up chatter , e.g. 
  someone posts on an isis video . 
  it gets flagged , person gets put on a watch list , someone combs through their activity to see if they really need to be watched . 
  both take time to find success , but i do n't think traditional methods are nearly enough if someone is truly out targeting you . 
  traditional methods work because in most circumstances people are n't really out there trying to kill as many people as they can before they themselves are killed . 
  criminals do not want to get caught and police have the luxury of `` catching them the next time . '', 
  you chances of getting caught for most crimes are fairly small , but the probability of getting caught goes up greatly with each act . 
  you can do the math : .8 probability of not getting caught each crimes raised to the number of crimes committed . 
  after 5 crimes , there is only a 32 % chance the criminal has not been caught yet . 
  police also become more aware of these crimes and devote more resources to catching the person , so the probability likely lowers as you go . 
  this works fine for most things . 
  the logic is that crime does n't pay in the long run because you get caught . 
  that fact acts as the deterrent . 
  * but these terrorists do n't care . 
  * you ca n't catch them after the fact because dozens of people have died . 
  the next time will be an entirely unrelated group . 
  their contacts will go dark , the people around them will all be surprised x , y , and z did such horrible things , the mosques will claim they do not teach hate , and then later there will be whispers that these people were probably antagonized by things like drawings of the prophet mohammed . 
  nothing will be found that can connect these people to the next attackers . 
  except possibly a profile of the attackers , that others who fit it can be filtered out through mass surveillance . 
  but you can apply that logic the other way too . 
  why should people have to fear being murdered over an article ? 
  a movie ? 
  or for attending a concert ? 
  security is the state 's primary goal , it has an obligation to protect its citizens that it is currently failing . 
  why ? 
  these attacks probably come from europe 's muslims . 
  the death toll is * in the hundreds . 
  * innocent people , doing nothing wrong , who probably never harmed any of these people in any way . 
  is the status quo where this keeps happening ok ? 
  i do n't know what should be done and it is n't really my place to say , but i definitely sympathize with those who think something needs to be . 
  it 's a bizarre thing we americans to do . 
  pretend to have high energy and high enthusiasm when most of us decidedly do n't . 
  why 'd the tank cross the road ? 
  to stay on track . 
  they did that shit well before then too . 
  russia had serfdom until the 1860s . 
  not run of the mill western serdom , but full blown russian serfdom . 
  the serfs were pretty much slaves and could even be sold in a market . 
  well , the situation with syria is at least partially an extension of the iraq war . 
  that has been going on for what , 15 years ? 
  its hard to keep out fanatical and fundamental muslims though . 
  studies have repeatedly shown that muslim youth in europe are becoming more radical , not less . 
  yes , the french state is wasting resources and time on this despite their tragic track record . 
  the issue is that politics exists in its own sphere completely separate from actual governance . 
  i ca n't speak much to uk politics , so i 'll use my own country ( the u.s. ) as an example . 
  like , for example , this year the u.s. congress increased funding for research into breast cancer by $ 120 million . 
  you would * think * it would do so through the national academy of sciences , or partnering with the many respected state schools . 
  no , it did so [ through the defense department . 
  ] ( http://cdmrp.army.mil/bcrp/ ) a little weird , no ? 
  [ but it is a pretty successful program ] ( http://www.breastcancerdeadline2020.org/get-involved/public-policy/legislative-and-pp-priorities/priority-2-150-million-for.html ) . 
  so , there is a good reason for it to be funded like that , but not an easily understandable reason to a non-politician . 
  as a citizen , my first reaction is `` if the department of defense can do research so much more effectively , why are n't you using your powers to replicate that elsewhere ? '', 
  the second question is `` if the department of defense can do research so much more effectively , why are n't we doing all our funded research there ? '', 
  these are , in my opinion , perfectly valid questions to which the short answer to either would be : `` politics . '', 
  politicians present themselves as both the problem and solution . 
  a significant amount of a lot of the `` good '' they try to do is fixing a lot of the `` bad '' they try to do . 
  while undeniably there is good done and real problems dealt with , it is also undeniable that a lot of the problems dealt with are politicians or politics . 
  over time , i think politicians get so caught up in their career of fighting other politicians that the political battle trumps the real battle to better your society . 
  i 'm also entirely skeptical from my , admittedly , limited interactions of those in public service that `` to better society '' is even ever a concrete motivation . 
  a lot will profess that , even believe it on some level . 
  but it is n't the driving motivation , it is n't their short term goal , or even the long term goal . 
  its more of a `` when all is said and done , did i better society ? '', 
  by which point , that question is largely irrelevant and in any case , is nebulous and prone to cognitive bias . 
  probably not as much of the american countries as you think .
