if you look at accident statistics , a large amount ( a plurality ? ), 
  of pedestrian and bicycle deaths involve the pedestrian/cyclist being drunk . 
  yeah , i do n't think it 's particularly nefarious . 
  estonians spent centuries under the thumbs of others . 
  they experienced many attempts at cultural eradication . 
  the law seems aimed at creating a sense of national identity out of a fractured one . 
  well , america has also invested trillions in a covert apparatus . 
  the more likely scenario is a proxy war . 
  give the poles the opportunity to defend themselves . 
  then there is the knack for destabilizing countries . 
  then there are economic vulnerabilities that could easily exploited . 
  oh , they could have their own vietnam . 
  and japan would rapidly become a nuclear power and probably militarize . 
  they can enjoy that headache . 
  it actually does , although this is more because of the obsession with perfect * looking * product as well as having a longer shelf life . 
  seedless watermelon , as an example , loses flavor in the process of becoming seedless . 
  the genetic sterilization is the result of losing its ability to reproduce . 
  do you know why fruits are sweet ? 
  this is overly simplified , but essentially so they rot . 
  the seeds are inside . 
  they want to be eaten and passed , or they want to create a biome great for microorganisms so the fruit deteriorates and the seeds end up in the soil to grow ( at the proper time in the proper way ) . 
  watermelon get so sweet they will literally burst open from the gasses released by decomposition processes on the inside . 
  a lot of the nutrients also return to the soil for the next plant to use to grow after being broken down . 
  there is even reason to believe this helpful bio culture also works to drown out some of the more harmful strains and it certainly promotes bio diversity . 
  the hybridization process that creates genetic sterility with seedless watermelon does lose some of its flavor . 
  using chemicals to ripen fruit in transport makes it look nicer , but it will not taste as good as it would on the vine still receiving nutrients from the plant . 
  it is n't that gm food necessitates this , but that the forces which power the previously stated trends also power gm food . 
  so the results tend to look similar . 
  why ca n't they ? 
  north america gets far hotter and far colder than europe . 
  we regularly play things like american football outside in below or near freezing temperature . 
  outdoor basketball courts in urban areas see year round use . 
  take a line and draw it straight through the middle of the us latitudinally . 
  generally , those north of that will be as cold , colder , or comparably cold to stockholm . 
  those south of that still experience cold too . 
  just not as frequently or as prolonged . 
  oh , and canadians love to play hockey on actual ice too . 
  outdoors and all . 
  saying that you ca n't play year round is a cop out . 
  eh , is it that surprising ? 
  portugal should not * want * its citizens to pick berries . 
  these portuguese should not be condemned for having a bad work ethic . 
  think of it like this . 
  portugal ` invests ' nearly [ $ 7500 usd per student per year ] ( http://nces.ed.gov/programs/digest/d13/tables/dt13_605.10.asp ) . 
  the basic education system in portugal lasts 9 years , although state spending with the aim of improving educational outcomes almost certainly happens both prior and after basic education this is nearly $ 67,000 usd . 
  thailand actually spends quite a bit of its gdp on education . 
  however , if [ this source is to be believed ] ( http://www.thaivisa.com/forum/topic/695289-thailands-educational-spending-highest-in-the-world/ ) it amounts to ~ $ 1,000 usd . 
  they study for 12 years . 
  so over the course of their educational experience , the state is spending ~ $ 13,000 usd per student . 
  while money spent is a poor indicator of educational outcomes , it does give a sense what subsequent income is expected . 
  the portuguese expect portuguese to earn substantially more than the thai do -- they invested in what is ` necessary ' to do so . 
  portugal 's gdp per capita is ~ $ 25,000 , in thailand its roughly $ 5,500 . 
  it is not a surprise that portugal spends about 5.5 x as much on education when its gdp per capita is about 5x that of thailand . 
  its expected that portuguese across all social strata will generally earn more . 
  to put it in another perspective , this is little different than the emigration portugal itself has experience . 
  if you could , hypothetically , work in an office in portugal for $ 15,000 a year or travel to singapore to make $ 30,000 a year to do the same job , would you ? 
  $ 30,000 is n't a lot in singapore given the cost of living either . 
  but live in a shitty apartment with roommates , spend as little as possible , and save up money ? 
  you would consider it . 
  you might be able to save $ 10,000 a year , nearly as much as you would make in a year back home . 
  now , what if its from $ 15,000 to $ 60,000 ? 
  at some point , what work you 're doing does n't even matter because you are extremely well compensated . 
  that is what it is like for the thai travelling to portugal to do agricultural work . 
  asking the portuguese to be as happy as the thai is unreasonable unless they are as poor as the thai . 
  maybe . 
  but iraqi kurdistan is fairly stable . 
  income wise , the gdp per capita is similar in kurdistan to the kurdish areas of turkey . 
  the kurdish areas of turkey face more similar challenges to kurdistan than the western parts of turkey . 
  the eastern and kurdish areas are the poorest and least densely populated parts of turkey . 
  the governing of kurdistan is ( and largely has been ) democratic . 
  its not a perfect democracy , but given the state of iraq at large , they 've done fantastic . 
  with their seizure of kirkuk and it being inevitable that they hold it , the country has a strong base to grow and prosper assuming its neighbors let it . 
  turks are actually immigrating to kurdistan as it is for work . 
  i do not think it is out of the question that , 10-20 years from now , kurdistan looks more appealing on almost every front to the kurds in turkey than being a small part of turkey . 
  although , i do think turkey would be smart to be a friend of kurdistan . 
  they share more in common than any of kurdistan 's any other neighbors and a strong relationship would be mutually beneficial . 
  in some ways , it might actually be * beneficial * to turkey to let the kurdish areas join together then develop strong partnerships with them in trade and defense . 
  they would no longer have to expend so many resources to hold the area . 
  it would improve the political situation in turkey as a whole to have discourse take place in an environment where a large minority really does n't seem to want to be there . 
  these areas would self-invest , which would free up funds and energy for turkey to focus on its actual economic cores rather than to better integrate the kurdish areas with the rest of turkey . 
  it would also be a strong ally and buffer state to counter-balance other regional powers where their interests would mostly align . 
  edit : although this almost certainly will not happen . 
  for whatever reason , the turkish political class seems enamored with the ottoman legacy of ` conquest ' and tying national pride to the border . 
  they should be proud of their history . 
  but conquest is truly one of the least of the legacies left by that dead empire . 
  take pride in the stability and safety they brought . 
  the prosperity of the regions for hundreds of years . 
  the immense scientific and cultural legacies either preserved or developed . 
  the relative tolerance and flexibility it took to bring many cultural and religious groups together for a large period of history that witnessed tremendous change . 
  the daring to call themselves ` rum ' , or rome , because the viewed that as being , rightly , a shared legacy . 
  the role it played in islam . 
  when turkey sees countries like china experiencing economic booms or countries like brazil hosting prestigious events , they should be saying ` why not us ? ', 
  its a good question . 
  probably would have , if not for those damn french-norse . 
  sorry , but you 're missing the point . 
  the euro did not cause the financial crisis in the countries that experienced it . 
  the current implementation of the single currency has , however , made it more difficult for some of the countries to deal with it . 
  increased federalization is viewed as part of the solution . 
  the euro , for all its problems , has still been tremendously useful . 
  greek 's gdp in 2001 was [ $ 124 billion ] ( https://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;idim=country:grc:prt ) .
