  the religious peace that exist did not come easily . 
  do n't forget the ethnic wars though . 
  both world wars had strong ethnic tones to them . 
  russia , defender of the slavs , swore to protect the slavic serbia . 
  after the germanic archduke was assassinated in the name of pan-slavism with the hope of creating slavic state . 
  the idea of a master race may have been associated with hitler , but the kaiser was no stranger to using language and imagery glorifying the german people . 
  to do things in the name of bringing greatness to them ... such as becoming its own colonial power and antagonizing the british and french in the process . 
  the brits and french ? 
  these are the people that believed in the ` white man 's burden ' and launched ` civilizing missions . ', 
  world war 2 should n't need that much explaining . 
  but even more recently , soviet ethnic policies can be blamed for much of the tension and instability in former soviet states . 
  such as ukraine !, 
  they purposely resettled people elsewhere and brought russians in , much like the british and french used to elevate a people to favored status in their colonial possession . 
  the soviet union even ranked the different ethnicities in how much they could be trusted . 
  based on this , they decided who could settle where and who needed to be resettled . 
  in the 90s , we witnessed the break up of yugoslavia . 
  that was pretty terrible . 
  but yes , if you are in france , germany , sweden , the uk , the netherlands , or so on , you live in a country that has religious tolerance ( and often has an overwhelmingly dominant religion ) brought by centuries of war . 
  you live in a country that is predominantly one ethnic group and most minorities share a large cultural heritage . 
  you probably live in a country that predominantly speaks one language throughout and where its not , most people still speak that language as well . 
  even in the more western countries that have a clear divide , such as spain ( catalan ) and italy ( north vs south ) , the governments of said country generally function in a way that it is better for all to be as one . 
  to get to the point , the us foreign policy is n't so bloody . 
  the blood and violence are a legacy of european colonialism . 
  you can find this pattern in india ( look at how much peace they 've had with pakistan ) to the middle east , to africa . 
  even in south and central america you can see legacies left from how the nations were colonized in their conflicts today . 
  i think it is unfair to say that the us goes from ` one bloodbath ' to another . 
  a lot of the time , countries become more safe , more stable , and more peaceful . 
  that is n't to say the u.s. acts like an angel , because it has certainly done a lot of disgusting things . 
  but the environments in which it has acted in this way are generally already dangerous , are already unstable , are already violent . 
  it is disingenuous to pretend like blood baths in vietnam and iraq would not have happened . 
  vietnam now is stable and growing . 
  south korea is stable and prosperous . 
  most of europe was able to rebuild , is relatively prosperous , and relatively peaceful . 
  despite the reputation , the middle east has largely avoided major wars and many of the countries there are stable , peaceful , and prosperous . 
  even in central and south america , where us policies have been far more self serving , there are several success stories too -- such as in chile and panama . 
  he was in power long before us involvement with iraq . 
  the reason he was in power has more to do with the french and british with their happy division of the area between each other after world war 1 . 
  oh , and why did we get involved with him in the first place ? 
  supposedly because he acted as a bulwark against iran which could destabilize the worlds oil resources . 
  once again , who invaded iran during world war 2 to secure oil resources and destabilized the country ? 
  the brits and the soviets . 
  of course , the us would later help bring back the shahs with the aid of several european countries on behalf of several european oil companies . 
  oh , and who is to blame for these world wars that spawned so much instability ? 
  germany . 
  in no way are the hands of the eu powers clean . 
  its not that stalin was n't terrible , but when you move out 100 to 200 years , i think perspective will change . 
  regardless of what you think of the ussr , it was doubtless a dramatic improvement over the czars for the vast majority of people . 
  serfdom had only been abolished in the 1860s . 
  by many accounts , serfdom had devolved into conditions not dissimilar from chattel slavery as it was practiced in the u.s. 
  this was not uniform , but the country was so vast and ethnically fractured that there was little oversight . 
  corruption was endemic . 
  many could do whatever they wanted to whoever they wanted . 
  even traditional counter-balances to the excesses of the nobility , such as the clergy and mercantile classes , were much less strong in russia . 
  while they did have a strong clergy , it was heavily state controlled . 
  the worst of the soviets was closer to the ` norm ' for the people under the czars . 
  the ussr brought culture , literature , education , electricity , healthcare , decent living conditions , and so on to millions of people . 
  despite generally being considered worse off than their counterparts in the west , soviet citizens were provided a dignity previous unheard of . 
  from the context of a western perspective , the soviet union was harsh , brutal , and completely undesirable . 
  compared to what russia had before then ( and arguably has now ) , the russians will likely view the soviet period more and more favorably . 
  the key figure from that period has to be stalin . 
  once again , despite the many atrocities , tough times called for tough measures . 
  the sacrifice of the peoples constituting the soviet union during world war 2 can not be overstated . 
  millions upon millions died to halt the german advance and then push all the way to berlin . 
  the state-caused starvation , the purges , and so on will probably fall more into obscurity as time passes and i believe russians will remember him as the leader necessary to stop hitler and view most of his actions as necessary to preserve the good that came . 
  and , i am not sure this is wrong . 
  all this talk scares me . 
  it really brings to light how devastating soviet policies were . 
  settling russians everywhere , forcibly resettling non-russians elsewhere . 
  this went on before the soviets too . 
  it is my worry that we will start seeing truly harsh treatment of millions of people long disconnected from the policies of 60-100 years ago . 
  i do n't think think the situations prior to the recent turmoil were ideal , but russia reclaiming the mantle of ` protector of the ~ ~ slavs ~ ~ russians ' will not end well . 
  it is n't like russia will actually solve most of the grievances transnistria has . 
  grass is greener though . 
  and it will be entirely hypocritical . 
  america celebrates columbus day . 
  the eu is located in the capital of a nation that has arguably the most horrific colonial history and such history is * recent * . 
  sweden still puts on display trophies captured from poland from when they devastated the nation worse than even hitler did . 
  paris has a rather notable arch built by a rather notable dictator whose wars resulted in the deaths of millions . 
  i could go on . 
  i think the last example is the most potent . 
  the arch means a lot than `` napoleon ! '', 
  even napoleon is n't remembered that harshly . 
  i think stalin will eventually get the same treatment . 
  the name stalingrad is iconic to the millions of soviets who died defending the ussr from germany . 
  it 's where the war was where the war was finally turned . 
  it 's not about stalin , but what that name represents -- sacrifice and struggle . 
  with no hyperbole , it is probably the most important single battle in world history of the past 100 years . 
  probably longer . 
  it literally changed the course of history for more than just russia . 
  sounds like a european version of the filibuster . 
  it 's not about expanding the borders on the map as much as it is about power projection . 
  like how france regularly interferes with its former african colonies to establish regimes friendly to france . 
  let 's say pakistan becomes more unstable and more terrorist attacks originate out of seemingly isi supported organizations towards india . 
  india wants to put an end to massacres like what happened in mumbai so asks the us to aid . 
  russia can park its fleet in pakistan 's waters and have skin in the game to dissuade this . 
  even france does n't really want this because it means there are more competing powers in their own foreign policy . 
  i doubt they could develop quality ones on their own . 
  russia has never excelled in naval matters . 
  their strategy has long been about asymmetrical naval warfare . 
  american vietnam era carriers being decommissioned will still be better than anything russia has ever put in the water .
