  and america has spent 30 + years and trillions of dollars developing these technologies . 
  the ships are legitimately good for their purpose and russia is too far behind the curve on its naval technological capacity to catch up . 
  by the time they developed and launched similar ships , it is entirely feasible the mistral will have been upgraded , modified , and still be significantly better than what the russians can make . 
  immigrants are not the same as refugees . 
  that is actually a lot . 
  especially when you consider that refugees are not dispersed equally . 
  lets say 3/5ths of them land on that mediterranean coast and stay there . 
  spain , italy , greece , malta , cyprus . 
  lets throw in portugal and france . 
  roughly 200 million people . 
  so 180,000 land in these countries every year . 
  lets say over 20 years that equals ~ 4 million . 
  ~ 2 % of the population . 
  the projected population of these countries [ according to eurostat ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_public/3-08062011-bp/en/3-08062011-bp-en.pdf ) ( pdf ) will be ~ 210 million . 
  still , lets say 2 % . 
  of course , most refugee seekers are going to be relatively young . 
  its probably safe to assume that 20 % of europeans will be 65 + by 2035 . 
  you know , past breeding age while the overwhelming majority of refugees are not . 
  that bumps it up to 2.5 % or so of the population are refugees . 
  now extend this out to 2060 . 
  8.5 million refugees in these countries with a smaller total population . 
  we 'll go with 200 million again . 
  we 're up to 4.25 % of the population now . 
  now lets shave off 1.5 million for the aging refugees . 
  you quickly , within our lifetime , have about 5 % of the young population as refugees or the children of refugees . 
  that is actually a pretty big demographic shift . 
  throw in all the legal immigration . 
  currently it 6.3 % for the eu from non-eu states . 
  this is projected to increase . 
  its entirely conceivable that by 2060 20 % of the population in europe will be immigrants , many more possibly the children of immigrants . 
  this is a * huge * demographic shift . 
  especially when you start considering how much higher this will be among those of ` child bearing age ' throughout this entire time . 
  i do not think it should be dismissed so cavalierly . 
  this would almost certainly change how european society functions . 
  especially when you consider that the number of young people from non-european backgrounds will be substantially higher . 
  i do not think its doom and gloom , but it certainly is a subject that should be debated . 
  it actually gets much more dramatic when you realize that something like 3/5ths of the refugees land in greece and spain alone . 
  forget france and the rest . 
  refugees alone could be 6 % of their population in 20 years . 
  it does contribute to tax revenue . 
  prostitutes are n't taking their money and spending it only on drugs and other illegal items . 
  they are spending it on rent , food , clothes , and so on . 
  it is a service offered like any other . 
  nope , but it should be included anyway . 
  there is no reason underground economies should not be included in gdp figures if they can be reasonably estimated . 
  they are tracking goods and services . 
  i agree with most of what you say , except the idea of extractive elites transcends national borders . 
  corruption flows from those with the power to corrupt to those who are in a position to be corrupted . 
  power and position are vague . 
  power can be as legitimate as international treaties to as pervasive as standard of living to as direct as outright bribery . 
  these are things used to leverage power . 
  the position can simply be relative power ( e.g. 
  politicians of a small country relative to their citizens ) to the economic circumstance of simply wanting a better life . 
  the eu has taken some steps to bring countries up to western standards , but realistically , this can at best only alleviate some of the issues . 
  the solution has to be that these countries can , as you say , effectively leverage their own strengths to their own country 's benefit . 
  ah , but germany has a massive and excellent educational system that could address the shortages if it summoned the will to do so and the imagination to do so efficiently . 
  but that is n't the same . 
  the us is a single country . 
  north dakota is american soil . 
  a country that has spent trillions to be able to respond to such a scenario . 
  the us already plays policeman of the world and can respond even if it is not canada . 
  but with canada , the us military could theoretically retaliate by wiping out every major canadian city in a single night and could capture them within a month . 
  it is a single country defending itself when it is extremely capable of doing so . 
  it is n't the same in europe . 
  estonia is n't capable of defending itself from russia without massive loss of life . 
  the idea is that other countries such as the us and uk will step in and spend possibly millions of lives defending estonia . 
  why would they ? 
  because nato ? 
  nato does n't help these countries and it is not unreasonable to believe that even countries like france , germany , spain , italy , turkey , the large countries , would say `` not worth it . '', 
  there will be excuses found for everyone of these countries if they do not want to fight . 
  and i am almost certain none of them want to fight . 
  i think you should be worried . 
  not to be dismissive of your country , but nato is not particularly meaningful in today 's day and age to the u.s. 
  the u.s. has been pissed a long time because only a few countries take it seriously . 
  i do not imagine the u.s. will start world war 3 over estonia , much less because of a treaty that most of its signatories do not meet their commitment to . 
  i doubt the other powers like france and the uk would care to either . 
  its a shame really , because i think nato has provided a remarkable framework for peace and has helped bring nations with long histories of conflict closer together . 
  there is also the tendency for nations with large militaries to use them because they have them . 
  it would suck to see it fall apart , but i do think europeans needs to take seriously their collective security . 
  then there is little hope of it succeeding . 
  in many ways , germany is the most continental of the european powers . 
  england and france have a long tradition of involving themselves in power games . 
  even today , it is not uncommon to see french or english involvement in the affairs of a large array of nations , particularly former colonial conquests . 
  i do n't think that is what people would want from a european military . 
  europeans do not want to be involved in a backing coups in the central african republic . 
  no one wants to see the eu act as the us has . 
  the germans , despite being the aggressor in two world wars , do not quite have this tradition . 
  in fact , a lot of tension can be said to have arisen from the fact germany * didnt * have it . 
  while world war 2 was predominantly german aggression , i do not think its a fair characterization of germany . 
  world war i had many points where a number of nations could have pulled back and avoided the bloodshed that occurred . 
  the treatment of the germans * was * harsh . 
  the germans had already perceived a french/russian alliance as an existential threat . 
  the terms of the treaty only fueled the nationalism that have rise to world war 2 . 
  even there , on a very basic level , if the allied powers had not been so intent on neutering the german state , it is unlikely the structure for hitler to rise would have existed at all . 
  but the germans learned something . 
  they do n't like these conflicts . 
  they are more secure in their nationhood . 
  they seem diplomatic solutions . 
  they are much more noninterventionist . 
  they balance the tendencies countries like france and the uk would have into something more resembling what countries like slovenia would desire .
