  type of thing ) . 
  russians like the idea that russian state is protecting its citizens abroad , plays well into stronk/important narrative , its hard to come to terms that russia is not exactly a paragon of virtue which everyone should follow and praise . 
  i wonder how brits felt right after ww2 when their empire crumbled and what sentiments they shared among population and politicians , unfortunately i know next to nothing in that regard :( the collapse of soviet union was a mixed event imho , for some it was an extremely positive change , which gave a new hope for better future , others became `` almost slaves '' working for pennies and a complete erosion of social institutions and local economies . 
  i should also mention that 90s in russia in particular is borderline `` a decade of shame '' in a similar way that chinese might view their `` century of shame '' . 
  shit was pretty horrible , there are plenty of people around who remember it all too well and the promises that were given and * never delivered upon * . 
  collapse of centers of power usually create quite an unstable environment with plenty of blood to be shed and tears to be dropped , to think in simple terms that `` it was a great event for everyone '' or its opposite of - `` it was terrible mistake '' is too one sided and ignores other points of view ( thus making the dialogue problematic to say the least ) . 
  i am not going to comment on georgia , i still think it was georgians waving their dick around and testing the waters with a quiet nod from west ( possibly u.s solely ) . 
  too many coincidences of first `` color revolution '' , then publicly announced western orientation with a clear rearmament campaign and military build up . 
  complicated matter overall and a question of what was first `` chicken or egg ? '', 
  about stuff that russia stole , i have no idea , but i doubt it would help in terms of relationship between nations . 
  i do think that russia should apologize to finland for attempts of russiphication in early xx century ( if it did n't before ) and use it as a symbolic gesture against finland possibility of joining nato . 
  no need to create more problems that we already have and its not like a century old event can hurt russia 's pride in any way , but it could send a type of `` goodwill message '' that you advocated before . 
  russia really could use a better image right now or something positive/not hostile coming from russian government would be a nice change of pace . 
  no immoral capitalist pig-dog decayed institutions , only glorious motherland post workers and their motto of `` life is nice , when you are in no hurry '' . 
  we only travel via russian post office , so expect shipment within a 5 year period . 
  as expected really , it was pretty obvious even half a year ago when i wrote somewhere here that russia will try to hurt ukraine as much as possible , thus i emphasized western money/know-how importance in relations to ukraine ( given that their desire to change is genuine and they will work their ass off ) . 
  wto was met extremely hostile from russian population ( still is to some extent , its just that there is not much of going on there with rospotrebnadzor arbitrarily banning whatever it wants for political reasons + sanction wars -  not enough multibillion $ lawsuits so to speak to make those opinions surge on surface , but they are there ) . 
  i could not recall even a single instance in which nato was viewed favorably or positively in russian media or general population opinion . 
  nature of power in russia is different from the west , its more eastern/middle eastern in its existence ( self preservation above all , zero responsibility for anything ) , thus russia follows its natural historical path of antagonism/siege mentality . 
  not a nice prospect when you think how badly russia depends on western technology and money and how little russia gains from deals with china . 
  no flair , no joke !, 
  well when you are loosing something valuable , its pretty natural to commit effort to save as much as possible ( lets say even 10c on the dollar or whatever ) . 
  russia lost ukraine second time with possibility of ukraine becoming a european union member , there is not much of a prospect of ukraine becoming pro-russia leaning in any near term future , thus russia 's action to destabilize/cripple ukraine . 
  crimea was a valuable asset for hundreds of years , ukrainians blackmailed russia with black sea bases for 2 decades , so when russia geopolitically lost , it `` seized the moment '' and dealt with one of its problems . 
  `` never let a crisis go to waste '' ( c ) granted , we did create more of them and our `` vacation '' in south-east is in limbo with unpleasant consequences , but getting back crimea was popular among the population , so its good for putin 's rating and his self-preservation . 
  on a note of `` neighbors liking you '' how much did estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , romania liked russia before ukrainian crisis ? 
  russia did not grabbed any land for 23 + years or so , so how did the relationship was going before ? 
  destabilized or ukraine as a fail-state sounds like not that bad of an option in terms of prospect for ** power hold ** ( and other goals like population decline in syberia/far east etc ) . 
  if ukraine fails = russia will have close to zero prospect of changing as well , so all eyes on them  its probably a mix of both domestic and foreign goals collide , which created current ukrainian crisis and russia 's geopolitical clash with the west . 
  china is winning though , as always , 
  your statement is not out of realm of possibility , but in 4 min youtube video professor talks about european union falling apart as a goal of russian foreign policy , not russia . 
  headlines are not everything . 
  putting morals aside , russia geopolitically lost on ukraine at least twice in 2000s ( 1st orange , now euromaidan ) . 
  crimea is a tactical victory in that regard , south-east is questionable and in limbo so to speak . 
  to pretend that russians/russia leaning parties had any chances to begin with is delusional or wishful thinking . 
  euromaidan happened for a reason and it had its consequences , especially in the ukrainian informational field media . 
  its all down to : `` will ukraine succeed economically with the help of western powers or will they fail ? '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aeroflot_flight_3352 history sure does rhyme it seems : /, 
  one of the few who bothered to travel to russia and spoke out about sanctions/embargoes dies because of drunk snowplough worker ? 
  `` investment climate '' my ass : /, 
  stupid people say stupid things . 
  older people quite often have only tv as their source of `` news '' , which means that they have extremely distorted view of world and state of economy . 
  this is reality for russia and a number of other countries , media manipulates masses everywhere to some extent , the difference usually is in level of said manipulation ( anti-isis , pro-austerity , anti-russian , pro war and so on ) . 
  the matter is quite simple , sanctions are bad for economy , otherwise they would not existed in the first place ( being an ineffective/useless tool ) . 
  everyone who tells you otherwise is either misled/misinformed ( possibly stupid ) or have an agenda ( protect the regime for example is one of them which in russian translates to '' \u043e\u0445\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u0438 '' ) . 
  public opinion is a pendulum , yesterday it was - `` russia is the best , we are going to show the west , fuck em all !, 
  today its starting to shift towards government/putin critics , little by little there are questions being asked `` how come ? 
  why everything our government does is borderline retarded and trigger the desire to hit your head against the wall as strong as possible '' and stuff like that . 
  its a start , but the process is not instant , hence the preemptive crackdown on free press , anti-protest laws and so on . 
  everything is going in accordance to the spirit of russian history , nothing really changed . 
  small edit : i would treat polls in the similar fashion as soviet statistics , * possibly * not entirely accurate indication of mood/beliefs of society . 
  generalplan ost -  27 million people dead ( a lot of military casualties ofc , but mortality rate of captivities is a thing of its own ) -  russians & co move to germany , like it there and keep low profile -  only holocaust exist in media coverage anywhere in western world . 
  sadness and a tiny bit of butthurt , 
  back to ushanka , valenki/lapti and telogreika it seems . 
  who needs cloth anyway , its more natural to walk around naked and live in caves . 
  the only art i care about is an art of wiggly mouse-drawn comics . 
  having read the article , according to it most of visitors - journalists , organizer is a typical regime supporter ( probably with grants from russian state or something along the lines of ties with united russia ) , facebook likes is a known trash indicator which can be easily bought ( and russians use vkontakte anyway which is now oligarch controlled ) . 
  political prostitutes exist in all times and they usually work for pay , `` artists '' can easily fit right into the category . 
  general rule of thumb for me - a lot of ... ... ... -  not the smartest chap -  ignore . 
  i am sure more exciting stuff to be announced soon !, 
  always look on the positive side of things . 
  he is a mysterious and special snowflake with peculiar vision for russian future . 
  http://cnc.wikia.com/wiki/giant_squid , 
  is n't russian military tech pretty much outdated soviet era piece of shit and during 2008 georgian conflict we were a laughing stock in the press ? 
  same goes for ships , planes , a shit ton of outdated tanks and so on . 
  nukes/icbm are the same , there is a reason start treaties exist and old nukes get replaced by more modern ones ( including from countries like u.s ), 
  is n't this russia implementing its 2020 modernization of armed forces program ? 
  i thought it was just new subs and bulava being taken on service ( after testing & stuff ) , since most of the warheads are mirvs so 2-3 sub = +200 warheads , no ? 
  mkay , on to next steps then . 
  time to militarize like no tomorrow , 
  i only caught belgian dude speech , any other participant saying anything interesting ? 
  regardless , he identified problems at least i guess , though i have my doubts that by `` going to the people '' or supporting small time groups in their projects some drastic change would occur ( scale of the problem is bigger than it seems and has deeper roots in my opinion ) . 
  i think problem needs much , much more in terms of discussion , politics introduced , broad support from european institutions and so on , but that is for europeans to decide not random russian , 
  define objectives , strategic goals first then discuss increased military spending . 
  what is nato going to do around the globe with its increased military budget ? 
  put boots on the ground in africa/middle east and start participating in sectarian/civil wars ? 
  or maybe station a shit ton of troops on eastern border and look angry at russia ? 
  or patrol mediterranean 24x7 against boats ? 
  tuned in into livestream out of curiosity , shows 1 person watching : / ca n't hear shit at max volume either . 
  not that i have a right to say anything , but sure seems like a lot of people does n't give a fuck for `` reinventing europe '' which i guess reflects in voter turnouts decreasing over the years . 
  wonder what european union plan is for engagement of people in public debate and ultimately their future/policies : /, 
  agreed , too many variables in conflict , potential for international incidents is too big . 
  less than estonia ; _ ;, 
  cyka , cyka , cyka , blyat ' * i c wot u did there m8 * ( \u261e \uff9f \u2200 \uff9f ) \u261e, 
  it is a country of 1,3 million people with a relatively small economy . 
  military does not generate that much of a profit as far as i know for small states and they are in nato , so whats the point ? 
  if they had 30k troops for example , where would they use them and how would they pay for them and the logistics needed ? 
  russia even as aggressive as it is nowadays does not look too eager to mess with nato countries and its quite hard to live with a constant hysteria/paranoia state of mind . 
  no , i read past the headline and expressed `` concern '' about this sub * underlying notion * of everything bad that happens = evil russia kills innocent people , caz `` lol , why not '' . 
  since we are on the topic of mh17 , when air control records will be released ? 
  is n't it quite a simple matter which would greatly benefit ukrainians in building the case ? 
  i am terribly sorry , but what is this then ? 
  are we talking about regular russian army here with air support , icbm and the military might of russian army and navy or a `` weird war '' where there is no air support for any side , both sides are engaged in massively shelling each other with artillery systems + a lot of people with small arms/snipers everywhere firing from ambushes ? 
  the reason i chose `` rag tag batallion '' description is that i do n't see ukrainian army as somewhat united , highly capable military entity with high degree of combat readiness/experience . 
  they also have a regular army guys there and people with experience as well ( from prior conflicts like afghan , chechen wars volunteers , special forces etc ) . 
  all i am saying is there is a decent possibility that national guard/volunteer batallions might be not as qualified as someone , who had more experience and years of training . 
  i am sorry , but i do n't understand what the hell are you talking about . 
  lets clear some things - do you think that yanukovych & co were russian agents of some sort ? 
  if not , do you think that now they are feeding intel to russian special services on ukrainian state secrets ? 
  or do you mean that russian government has threatened/bribed that said officials to gain a favorable deal and is now sheltering them from ukrainians ?
