  guy with curly hair was filmed even before the bloodbath operating within crowd and shooting at what seems to be militia on rooftops . 
  unfortunately i am no specialist in weapon manufacture , but i would have to guess that if you shoot at someone ( thus putting your life at risk ) you are not doing this with baby guns and intend to do serious damage . 
  lastly , if berkut or internal forces during euromaidan were to shoot at protesting babushkas who stood before them , you could accuse euromaidan in using human shields as well , because they stood between protesters and internal forces ( even if it was metaphorically speaking ) . 
  again , i am pretty sure that spetsnaz gru has no need for woman or children to fulfill their objective if central hq orders them to , ukraine is in no position to defend itself , thus all the current buzz . 
  are you going to address others issues i tried to pinpoint or are you going to cherry pick ? 
  would you argue that this subreddit is basically an anti-russian circlejerk for quite some time and was so long * before * ukrainian events ? 
  would you argue that portraying a particular nationality in a certain light ( in this case russian ) is counter-productive to discussion and would lead eventually to animosity and hatred ? 
  do you think submitters with an evident history of national hatred or anti-someone jingoism should be approved for posting their content and `` spreading the word '' ? 
  i proposed you an alternative universe , in which i post shit about israel , i blame them for every sin on earth and generally express hatred and animosity with zero desire to compromise or have a balanced view . 
  does this ring you any bells ? 
  check the dude 's comment and submission history , is this a balanced or neutral view for you or what ? 
   not a single person from police died during maidan from molotov cocktails . 
  all were shot , except 2 who died in fire on berkut base in lviv it is hard to die from fire when you are surrounded by your comrades with an access to fire extinguisher , you can however become a cripple for the rest of your life . 
  last time i checked ukraine is no paradise for someone like that . 
   you `` remember '' them from rt-like source ? 
  i remember from this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcnxkrte0gy 08:32 time looks like a combat weapon and another video with a guy with curly hair , and another guy with pistol who shot at somebody before all the action and bloodbath on grushevskogo . 
  i do n't speak ukrainian , so i ca n't really comment on your source , but what i would like to see is an unbiased source for investigation ( preferably european ) . 
  i do n't trust both russian and ukrainian sources , because they are interested in skewing the result , therefore i would like to see a 3rd party . 
  i think its been already 1 or 2 months since shootings and its about damn time to report some results ( being backed by international community preferably ) . 
  bb guns do n't kill 16 police mens in body armor with helmets and stuff http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcnxkrte0gy 08:31 there is other footage with a guy with curly hair who shoots at someone * before * any slaughter of civilians taking place . 
  again , `` old ladies '' are a part of propaganda campaign conducted by russian oriented side to present themselves as defenders of oppressed . 
  maidan activists used pr shit and media campaigns as well , yet no one accused them of being `` brave , brave , brave '' . 
  do you really think that russian spetsnaz gru need to hide behind women and children to achieve their goals ? 
  do you realize in what state ukraine currently is ? 
  is there a point to all of this ? 
  i have been a resident/lurker for this subreddit for 6-12 months all i have seen even * before ukrainian crisis * was blatant propaganda and russophobia everywhere . 
  if i were to change places with mr.giggster and start a posting spree about `` how da jews are bad and should be blamed for everything '' i would quickly be blamed in anti-semitism and labeled as bigot/racist , yet when someones entire history consists of shitting on russia or mixing russia 's name with dirt - it is totally ok . 
  i have read the article and i can not say shit about it because i have not seen anything about it in any russian media outlets , nor do i live in moscow . 
  by the way , judging by the content of provided article ( if you were to bother to check my fucking comment history ) i would be a member of `` fifth column '' and should be treated as an enemy of the state . 
  as a last note , i highly doubt that nytimes is an unbiased source of news with no agenda to push . 
  i remember `` brave freedom fighters '' throwing molotov cocktails , burning people alive . 
  i remember videos of people with sniper rifles , i remember people with aks in hotel of ukraine ( i do n't remember the name exactly ) . 
  i remember the fact that no proper investigation has been conducted in regards to sniper shooting and if someone were to kill ~ 100 people i would like to know who exactly did it , how and why . 
  so far i 've heard plenty of scapegoating and `` arrow pointing '' , without any serious evidence or trials . 
  i remember pr campaigns which demonized the other side and i consider `` old ladies '' a part of them . 
  again , i think at the first sign of trouble/shooting the crowd will quickly disperse . 
  lastly about putin comments , i would have to guess that you are not a native russian speaker and can not understand intonations or what is truly meant behind his words . 
  it is basically a disguised threat that : `` if someone were to attack a civilian population , there would be a hell to pay '' . 
  i am pretty sure that this crowd would disperse at the first sign of possible trouble/shooting . 
  but lets rewind a couple of months back , do you remember pictures from euromaidan with some chick who proposed to marry a guy , who would switch loyalty to `` the people '' and other pictures of older womans , teachers etc who stood in front of berkut and internal forces with all sorts of signs and slogans ? 
  how come one is `` brave regime fighters '' and others are supporting terrorists ? 
  btw , i am not defending possible russia 's actions in eastern ukraine and overall think that all this - is one big , ugly mess , which will have unforseen consequences for all parties involved . 
  op i like your comment history . 
  thats some dedication right there . 
  keep up the good work , you are doing gods work son . 
  out of pure curiosity , if turkey would go ahead and executed its false-flag plan operation and invoked whatever article 4 or 5 you got in case of attack blah , blah , blah - is nato obliged to intervene to defend them ? 
  ( bomb the shit out of syria ) i would not be so optimistic about finland not joining nato though as my russian comrade above , i think our recent actions has given plenty food for thought : /, 
  i usually comment on articles concerning russia and its actions . 
  i believe my name is pretty russian . 
  my english is pretty bad compared to average european citizen . 
  am i a russian shill ? 
  on a side note whenever i want to comment on someones message , first thing i do is check his posting history . 
  there are quite a few individuals in this subreddit who is loaded with an agenda or special interests . 
  i do n't know if they are `` ideological warriors who just fight the good fight for their ideals '' or just simply paid to do so , but i do know that posting the same stuff over and over again requires time and effort . 
  being the lazy bastard i am , i wonder why do people continue to do so and how come they never even try to present something different to the table . 
  unfortunately i can not give you an insight on russian media comment sections , mostly because i never bother to read nor russian media , nor comments , but i am sure they are at least youtube `` quality '' . 
  does astroturfing exists - yes , is russia actively engaged in such activities - quite likely , is everyone who disagrees with established narrative/hive mind ( which is quite often formed my media outlets ) is a russian paid shill - doubtful . 
  it is up to you to filter information and decide what is an obvious propaganda , spin or white washing and what is the other side of the coin . 
  never cared enough about them to read about bandera and his `` doings '' during ww2 , you might ask poles though how much do they like the guy and his `` activities '' so to speak . 
  but overall yes , `` you get propaganda !, 
  you get propaganda !, 
  e v e r y o n e gets propaganda ! '', 
  ( clapping intensifies ) . 
  anti-russianism is pretty popular nowadays , so its only natural to use it to score some points for upcoming elections  just politics, 
  they are radicals by nature and you should read what their `` leader '' and president candidate is saying , fascinating stuff from russian pov . 
  i do n't know if they are anti-semitic and really do n't care about conspiracies , but the image itself is just screaming propaganda and pr campaign/work . 
  i guess only things lacking was holding hands with a baby with european flag in the background . 
  this is just insulting for me , because i hate manipulations and when media outlets take people for idiots . 
  glorified violent culture with quite a recent experience ( 90s ) , drugs , alcohol and many other things . 
  things may vary from country to country , but several general trends are present everywhere . 
  you mean a movement which declared itself a political party now and have a presidency candidate is working on its public image and portrays itself in a positive light before population ? 
  fascinating . 
   this is not what i 'm after though . 
  i 'm more interested in understanding why a counter viewpoint never manifests . 
  i realise that a real alternative to putin ( or state capitalism ) does not exist right now , but then it was never present historically either . 
  why does the opposition never manage to gain credence ? 
  its either limited to impotence ( navalny , nemtsov ) or ridiculousness ( kasparov ) . 
  why do even the smallest windows of liberalisation lead to unavoidable repression ? 
  is there something in the waters ? 
  conformism , people are busy with putting food on the table and working to improve their lives , alcoholism , drugs , lack of trust for others , being on the other side of the pendulum is also worth mentioning . 
  up until recently the dominant viewpoint of russian history and which path we should take was liberal , if not neo-liberal , now the pendulum has swinged and everybody is a patriot , `` russia !, 
  * clap clap clap * '' , `` russia did nothing wrong '' , `` fuck the west with his demonizing of russia and imposing his values on us with its homo propaganda ! '' . 
  historically speaking russia was almost always this way , peter the great - westerner , followed by crackdowns , followed by more westernization to be replaced by more repression . 
  this is very typical of russia . 
  about opposition and its leaders , who knows , i have n't drank with them so to speak , maybe they are just impatient , maybe they just want to steal monies and grab some power or maybe they lack trust in others as well . 
  it is hard to tell what is going on in the heads of `` the people '' , but one thing can be said for sure - there is a lot of bullshit in there , which was fed to them for about 20 years . 
  now we are reaping what was sowed by all the parties during these decades . 
  was i supposed to write another wall of text about conditioning , include stuff like among developed nations and the acceleration of the phenomena and so on and so on . 
  am i wrong with delivering the message and ongoing trend of the last decades ? 
  have you not heard about this from stiglitz ( who is a nobel prize in economics ) ? 
  you know exactly what i meant . 
   my point is , evidently russia failed to establish a modern , functioning state ( you might debate me here and i 'll gladly engage ) despite massive human potential ( let alone resources , etc ) . 
  i 'm sure you realise that russia has declining industry and operates predominantly on raw exports . 
  this is not meant as an attack by the way . 
  not gon na argue , i would say this is a correct assessment . 
   in my line of work ( machine learning/ai ) i deal with a ton of brilliant russian programmers . 
  yet , none of this is happening in russia . 
  there 's massive braindrain and russians do bring something unique to the table . 
  there 's always that glimmer of creativity , a certain way to find solutions to a problem . 
  do you consider this a problem ?
