  catherine was basically a nobility `` girl '' , she never really gave a fuck about russians , liquidated stuff like autonomy of ukraine and generally was considered somewhat of a whore if i remember correctly ( not sure , maybe it was someone else ) . 
  russian history is dark and full of misery , sometimes i wonder if we exported this to places like finland and eastern europe or they were that way in the first place . 
  if that would be the limit that u.s is willing to go , no big deal . 
  if this is just an `` inaccuracy '' to covertly supply and train ukrainian armed forces , without turning off the propaganda machine , then we might have georgia 2.0 . 
  obviously it wo n't happen in 2015 or even 2016 , event horizon should be mid 2017/spring 2018 . 
  i 've read plenty of russian and ukrainian comments , the amount of dehumanization and hatred is astounding . 
  its like everyone is a schoolboy armchair activist , who refuses to hear anything besides their established narrative . 
  ca n't really tell due to variety of reasons such as i have n't watched russian tv for about a decade , i had internet access for almost entirety of my life , i stopped really following the conflict several months ago , i ca n't really speak for the entirety of russian population and so on . 
  if i would take a guess it mostly would be indifference , desire to stay out of it . 
  i 've heard that numbers of `` volunteers '' vary greatly and no one has an accurate evaluation , but if russian population were to believe everything kremlin says , there would be a whole lot more people than there is . 
  ofc there is a `` nationalistic/patriotic '' part as well , they are quite vocal . 
  http://www.snob.ru/selected/entry/78321/page/3 this is vesti , but i am pretty sure that quite a few of events here were mentioned from other sources . 
  it is also a common sense , to create your very own ministry of truth during the times of war . 
  http://www.vesti.ru/doc.html?id=1807090 here is avakov feed , read it https://www.facebook.com/arsen.avakov.1?fref=nf maidan is fsb doing apparently . 
  i ca n't really provide links so stuff like spilno and all the other sites , that were live streaming during euromaidan protests and what was shouted from the stage there by the likes of lysenko and others . 
  it was too long ago and i have no time or desire to dig up this shit , but i remember all the usual repetition of 2004 events . 
  same songs , different actors . 
  when `` right sector '' was disobeying orders from turchinov & co , they were instantly labeled as fsb project . 
  it was funny and sad at the same time . 
  when sashko bilii was executed , first it was a special operation , then it was a suicide by 2 shots into heart , while he himself has removed his shirt ( in case of vest ) . 
  when 40 people burned alive in odessa , it was `` colorado bugs '' , fuck em , russian provocators . 
  have you read what your yatsenyuk guy is saying all the time ? 
  do you think officials should be accountable for the nonsense they spout ? 
  there is a simple matter of * common sense * , common sense suggests that propaganda exists and ukraine is actively engaged in that field . 
  this is like asking to prove why 2 +2 = 4 , you can and it might take quite some time , but there is small incentive to do so . 
  judging by our exchange , you convinced yourself that ukraine is `` holy being and can not into wrongdoing '' , my experience says that everybody lies and follows their own agenda . 
  ukrainian goals require propaganda just as much as russian side . 
  if you have seen house m.d - `` everyone lies . '', 
  are you even serious dude ? 
  according to your officials we are invading any other day , supply `` rebels '' with nothing short of ballistic missiles , have you even read your avakov dude feed ? 
  have you forgotten euromaidan and the amount of bullshit that was being expressed on stage and live about russian tanks , chechen mercenaries already in kiev and so on ? 
  your yatsenyuk , at the time i was following what he was saying , was nothing short of a clown , who spew random allegations and threats . 
  for me personally , if you are an official , you are responsible for your actions and words , ukrainian officials left an impression of `` spoiled teenagers '' - we can say whatever we want on the international stage and we would not be held accountable for that . 
  this was the moment i stopped following ukrainian situation about 3-4 months ago . 
  you realize common people react to possible military jet being shot down , not a fucking civilian airplane right ? 
  people often express their opinion based on * assumptions * , and they are not exactly 100 % accurate . 
  the assumption was - it was another military plane that was shot down , not a commercial passenger flight . 
  no one in their right state of mind would cheer or express relief by the fact , that a passenger flight was just being shot down . 
  well if they do have planes , then a whole new set of possibilities involving ukrainian side emerges . 
  they did shot down a passenger plane in 2001 tel-aviv-novosibirsk . 
  civilian aircraft did flew around , but bystanders obviously are referring to military jets/transports . 
  up until very recently `` rebels '' had no capabilities to shoot down 10km targets , so there 's that . 
  i think it is fairly obvious that no one would gloat at the fact , that someone has killed 280 + people that had nothing to do with entire ukrainian conflict . 
  common sense . 
  well wiki suggests that an-26 ceiling is 7,500 m ( although there might be other modifications ) , so i wonder at what altitude did the malaysian plane flew : / i think radars should show at least that , although the `` operator '' could be illiterate in the aspect of ceilings for different types of planes etc. 
  if russian intel had a hand in this , i wonder if this was deliberate , there were talks in runet before , about kremlin desire to `` dump '' militias and the entirety of south-east ukraine as public opinion and geopolitical situation is unfavorable/has shifted . 
  people want to hear , what they want to hear , as simple as that . 
  confirmation bias . 
  how can i show something to someone who is blind ? 
  just look at our exchange here , your tone and manner of speech is aggressive and you like to accuse your opponent of something , he never said . 
  this chain of comments started as a discussion of random bystanders comments and attitude , while you started blaming people left and right , refusing to hear anything that deviates from you narrative . 
  you ca n't have a conversation or discussion with anyone , who refuses to listen and just shout random stuff all the time . 
  this is middle eastern bazaar type of human interaction , there is no point in it . 
  if you think that ukrainian media/officials are unbiased or not feeding propaganda to their audience , well , nothing i would say would matter to you , because you possess `` the knowledge '' from first hand sources . 
  who am i to go against `` the truth '' ? 
  i distanced myself from the conflict several months ago , due to immense amount of propaganda and lies from both sides , so no - i am not justifying anything or anyone . 
  what i did said was - i can understand feelings of civilians , who live there under bombardments . 
  this is a simple case of putting yourself in other peoples shoes . 
  switch yourself with a `` babooshka '' who lives there and has to endure air strikes , artillery bombardments and military operations . 
  you might have your property being damaged , you might have someone from your family being killed or a friend who had such an unpleasant experience . 
  for common people this is a war that has nothing to do with them , they want no part in it , nor do they want to be bombed/killed , if someone removes one source of this experience -  good , maybe they will leave us alone at last/maybe there would be less bombing . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  i know that people do not have access to 100 % of the information available 100 % of the time . 
  if you need another example - there is a story about some russian dude , who prevented ww3 due to radar being malfunctioned or smtn . 
  i do n't remember the story exactly , but it had something to do with false info on nuke launch from u.s and him refusing to act on it . 
  i call this mistake , because no one would shoot down a civilian plane just for funzies , shit happens , this is not an rts game , where you have a total control of your and your `` units '' actions , this is life , war is always a clusterfuck . 
  dude , are we even talking about the same thing ? 
  here is the timeline - plane got shot down , it falls on the ground and start to burn/release smoke , dude with a phone ( or whatever he is filming with ) starts filming a smoke and a conversation of bystanders . 
  * at the time of this video being filmed there is no fucking way that bystanders knew that this was a passenger plane * . 
  period . 
  we are discussing here people 's reactions on a plane being shut down ( these people do not know that this was a passenger plane ) . 
  we are not in a movie with collective hivemind , where any news are instantly being transmitted to everyone in the area via telepathy . 
  this is war , mistakes do happen due to exhaustion , negligence , some people are more `` trigger happy '' than others . 
  `` rebels '' has no designated aviation service as far as i know , nor do they have a chain of command to confirm what is what exactly . 
  we do n't know enough details about the flight yet , it could be one of those `` strange '' cases , where planes choose weird routes , deviate from course and so on . 
  we simply do n't have enough info as of now . 
  you are too emotionally invested , although i can understand why , it is your country after all . 
  first i would question the `` russia supplied buks part '' , since it is possible to capture enemy military tech and `` fix it '' or make it operational . 
  second , until there are list of passengers , there is no point in saying who was killed - be it europeans , americans , malaysians , it does n't matter , this is civilians we are speaking of , there should be no distinction between them . 
  lastly , all i said was that plane was shot down , the only planes that flew around those parts were ukrainian military jets/bombers , who did exactly what they were made for - bombed and killed people/tech . 
  if i am a civilian in an area and someone is bombing my town/village - i am not happy , so if someone shoots down that plane , i would probably cheer a bit , because * i do n't like to be bombed * or have friends or relatives who were bombed . 
  at the time of this video , people on the ground who filmed this exact video , had no idea that this was a civilian plane of malaysian airlines , they thought it was * another military plane * . 
  to be fair , `` rebels '' have no planes , so the only planes that fly around there ( up until now ) were the ones that bombed cities , villages and whatnot . 
  you live there , you are being bombed , if there is one less plane - good -  less bombing . 
  plane just crashed , no fucking way that anyone on this video knows that it was a civilian airplane and no one in their right mind would cheer for that . 
  there were reports that `` separatists '' got their hands on buk system ( i believe even ukrainian officials claimed so ) and they recently shot down ukrainian military jet or smtn . 
  unfortunately i am not an aviation specialist nor a sam operator . 
  if i were to take a guess , `` rebels '' has no way to confirm if plane is civilian , they only see a dot or whatever there is to be shown on military grade tech . 
  see dot - shoot dot . 
  its war zone there . 
  i also wonder if ukrainian aviation service has granted a permission to pass over , knowing that rebels have operational advanced aa systems , although i doubt that military/intelligence would inform them if that were to be the case ( ukraine , being the clusterfuck it currently is ) . 
  basically extremely likely that it was shut down by rebels , although i wonder why the plane was there in the first place , when rebels have access to advanced aa . 
  i am tired of posting walls of text to try and represent other side of the story , i am tired of explaining what some russians might think , what their values are and how they see the world . 
  i am pretty tired and drunk right now , so i ca n't provide immediate examples ( nor do i store them in an attempt to expose `` western lies and hypocrisy '' ) , i will try to dig up some stuff tomorrow . 
  about agenda stuff , i think its pretty easy to click on op and look up his history , i guess i was a dickhead in this case , sorry about that , but i am just so tired of seeing russia and russians being treated like some sort of a plague here . 
  i guess i am pretty close to not caring at all , which is a sign to abandon ship !, 
  i believe protesters seized quite a lot of weapons , specifically from western ukraine prior to bloodbath . 
  i believe these protesters are still roaming the streets , being armed with these weapons and mr. muzichko adventure footage suggests that i am in fact * right * . 
  i believe i provided you with video footage of maidan activists being armed with combat weapon precisely the days of `` action '' , as far as i can tell , this does not look like child toys , but a combat weapons being actively used . 
  which raises questions , do n't you think ?
