abortions were legalized in romania in the late 1950s . 
  because there was a lack of sex education , the majority of pregnancies ended in abortion which eventually took a toll on the population . 
  romania 's former communist dictator , nicolae ceausescu , banned abortions ( except for in special cases ) and basically any other contraceptives because he wanted to increase the romanian population . 
  that was your job as a woman , have as many children as possible . 
  but that , obviously , led to another problem . 
  romania , even today , has a huge orphan problem . 
  parents could n't take care of all those children so they were given to orphanages . 
  those orphanages were overall horrible places and largely unregulated , at least not properly regulated . 
  there 's a good documentary on the subject of romania 's orphans called children underground , and it 's available on netflix , it 's worth watching . 
  source : i 'm romanian . 
  someone get this woman a pattern !, 
  can i take a guess ... detroit ? 
  but damn i hope you 're living in a safer place these days . 
  i get what you 're saying but just in defense of my original comment those people that i was pointing out were not poor , they were more than likely not going to be `` dead or in prison '' . 
  being poor can certainly be an excuse , but in the instances that i had mentioned being poor was no where near an excuse . 
  i agree with what you 're saying but i 'm glad that you said you were n't trying to explain away willful ignorance . 
  i 'm in my late 20s , been working since i was 15 . 
  my parents were n't rich and still are n't ( especially not since the economy went to shit ) , i have tons of student loan debt , i worked full time while going to school full time , etc etc etc. 
  i understand that some people just might not find geography interesting or maybe they find it difficult , but seriously where do you draw the line ? 
  if you went to school at some point you should know at least a little bit . 
  but that part about people just not caring really rings true . 
  not to continue glorifying the `` dumb american '' stereotype but i 've lived in the us since i was a baby and so many americans i 've met throughout my life are horrible at anything to do with geography ... to the point where i feel embarrassed for them . 
  i 'm originally from romania and i 've convinced people that romania is actually a tiny state next to arizona , i 've met people who either thought africa was a country or that africa only had 5 countries in it , i 've met people who thought london was a country , i even met a girl once who did n't know that central america and the northern part of south america existed ... like she just thought brazil and argentina were directly under ( and connected to ) mexico . 
  exactly . 
  we also have america 's got talent , the voice , the sing-off , the glee project , the singing bee , duets , etc etc etc. 
  so yeah we get singing competitions . 
  personally , i feel like that 's all they ever show on tv anymore and it 's rather annoying . 
   so ... if there were more candidates , you might ? 
  there has been a third candidate several times . 
  just this last election between obama and romney there was a third candidate , gary johnson , he 's a libertarian . 
  this is the answer i needed . 
  thank you . 
  good point . 
  yes i know kyrgyzstan is a country . 
  yes i knew that but maybe it 's the way they have been wording it on the news that is confusing me , or just using russia and chechnya interchangeably . 
  also , i 'm trying to figure out how kyrgyzstan comes into the picture . 
  i 've been following it all day ( i 'm here in the us ) and i 'm still confused as to their nationality . 
  they have said that the older brother ( the one who is dead now ) was born in russia , the younger brother ( still on the run ) was born in kyrgyzstan , their father still lives in russia , but they 're chechen . 
  i need clarification !, 
  edit : wow , ok so yes i know chechnya is part of russia and yes i know kyrgyzstan is a country . 
  you pick up that table !, 
  we could sell it . 
  haha well we do n't do it because we want to get fed . 
  we go over to peoples ' homes to visit with them , hang out , etc. 
  but since we know food is going to be shoved in our face , we might as well be able to eat some of it . 
  we do n't go over there starving , just enough so we can eat some snacks or something small . 
  i live in the us but i know exactly what you mean . 
  whenever my family and i go over to another romanian 's home we usually make sure to go slightly hungry because chances are they 'll feed you and pester you about eating it until you do . 
  i agree with what you 're saying but i think / u/photism was more referring to how people abroad feel about romanians going abroad rather than anything official . 
  yes , romanians are allowed to travel freely but that does n't mean that romanians are n't still looked at as thieves , moochers , etc. 
  by the general public in those other countries . 
  i 'm romanian but i 've lived in the us almost my whole life so i 'm not an expert on this subject . 
  whenever i travel through europe most people just think i 'm american because i do n't have an accent , but sometimes people would ask where i was from because of my name and when i told them `` originally from romania '' i got quite a few `` rude '' looks , but you just move on i guess , nothing i can do about it . 
  i do n't see the problem either , i had just never made the connection between oatmeal and horse food before until imliterallydyinghere pointed it out . 
  nutella is delicious but i ca n't eat a whole lot of it because it 's so rich . 
  i like oatmeal but you 're right it is a lot like horse food , i guess horses eat good food ? 
  haha, 
  hmm i could see that , i 'm not a fan of sweet , i usually like salty or sour things so that might be why i do n't mind . 
  have you tried honey wheat ? 
  well , i do n't know about anyone else , but i 'm not suggesting the only type of bread we have in america is wonderbread , i live in america and there are tons of other types of bread . 
  i was just suggesting that that type of bread is considered by most to be american bread , while other type of bread that ( i think ) tastes better ( ie : baguettes ) are not american . 
  why * should * it be white ? 
  what 's wrong with wheat bread , i think wheat bread and other grainy bread is good . 
  you 're right . 
  i 'll clarify , however , in america they do n't like to use butter on meat sandwiches ( some people do but most do n't ) , they instead like to put mayonnaise on meat sandwiches . 
  however , butter on bread as a side item or for breakfast is extremely popular . 
  that 's pretty much true throughout europe . 
  the shitty sliced , wonderbread we have in america is only good for pbj , otherwise real bread should be * crispy * on the outside and delicious on the inside . 
  no worries , 
  you can still work and live in a country without being a citizen of that country . 
  during that time you can learn the language gradually , some people just ca n't take classes and i get that . 
  so in the meantime , you learn the language , then you can become a citizen . 
  most countries require you live there for a number of years before being eligible for citizenship anyway , giving you enough time to learn the language ( at least enough to not rely on translators ) . 
  i hope so , although , i do n't plan on going back to live ever again . 
  actually , i 've love to see denmark someday !, 
  especially in romania  i 'm glad i speak romanian fluently because no one over there speaks english , at least not in timisoara , perhaps bucharest is different . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  i 'm romanian but i 've been living in the us since i was a baby and of course i speak english and my parents do also . 
  well , my mother has a friend ( also romanian ) who has been living in the us longer than we have , around 35 + years , and has yet to learn english fluently . 
  she * still * takes her grown children with her to doctor appointments or anywhere else she would need a translator , it pisses me off . 
  i 'm inclined to say that i think people * should * learn the native language of the country they 're trying to become a citizen of , at least to a certain level of fluency . 
  well i 'm technically a dual citizen us/romanian but it 's the job part that 's been difficult . 
  oh well , i 'm sure it 'll happen for me sometime , hopefully soon . 
  that 's my biggest fear , i do n't want to get over there and end up homeless . 
  the passport thing is n't an issue it 's the job thing . 
  i have been trying to get a job in europe while still living here in the us but it has been really difficult . 
  i think companies are just hesitant because i 'm so far away , they 're not sure if i 'll actually make the move , i ca n't be there physically for an interview , etc. 
  this is a bit off topic but can i ask how you made it to sweden ? 
  i live in the us but i really want to move to europe and sweden is a country i certainly would n't mind living in . 
  anyway , i 'm always curious how other are able to move to another country since it seems like it has been nearly impossible for me . 
  i 'm guessing it is assumed they call us `` hermanitos '' because of the similarities in language , that we both speak a latin based language . 
  i have lived in the us just about my whole life and there are plenty of latin american people here and i do n't think i 've ever met a latin american that actually knew anything about romania , let alone anything about the language . 
  can you make [ deleted ] into a username ? 
  i would n't be surprised if it 's been taken already !, 
  it 's accurate now because martelfirst fixed it . 
  but before it said `` chose austria , we know you want to . '', 
  that does n't make sense . 
  actually nevermind , trolls_brigade haha . 
  do you think padania would ever happen ? 
  i studied abroad in rome last year and we talked a bit about the whole north/south divide and i found it quite interesting .
