  it 's actually * choose * , saying * chose * implies past tense . 
  i always have the hardest time remember the order ( north to south ) of lithuania , latvia , and estonia . 
  i will admit i have never been to moldova but i have met plenty of people from moldova . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't redneck/hillbilly people in romania but that 's just the thought i aways have when i think about moldova , i think it 's partly due to the accent . 
  i always saw moldova as that embarrassing redneck , hillbilly cousin that you never admit to having . 
  it was still nice to meet you btk !, 
  thanks for not binding , torturing , or killing me ... yet . 
  uhhhh i 'm a girl ... who like straight guys , but that 's an interesting gif . 
  hmmm ... i * might * be ok with that . 
  i was until i saw a picture of michael c hall . 
  btk is much uglier . 
  omg i 'm sorry do n't kill me . 
  i can agree with that , but i would n't always assume the worse in people , although i guess sometimes you have to . 
  changing the subject ... your username ... btk ? 
  you 're right some people say that , and i would consider those people racist . 
  but am i not allowed to criticize any part of someone 's culture because that means it 's automatically racist because they happen to be of a different skin color than i ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  some people are the same and some people are different , and some of those differences in culture are also due to differences in race , they can go hand in hand or not . 
  what if i said `` i dont ' like the dia de los muertos celebration because i think it 's exploiting the dead for profit '' , does that mean i 'm racist against hispanics ? 
  no , that means i do n't like that part of their culture . 
  some people walk a fine line between racism and criticism but there * is * a line and not everyone crosses it . 
  i know a lot of people do , i 'm from romania but i live in the south of the us so i 've seen it just like you , but that 's not the majority . 
  you 've got a point there . 
  as someone pointed out in that thread ... there is a difference between racism and criticism of a culture and culture 's behavior . 
  yes , some statements were racist but i thought the majority made good points and were honest and insightful . 
  but . . but !, 
  i 've been trying to move for about 8 months now but , unfortunately , it 's easier said than done . 
  i 'm not having much luck at all and i 'm running out of options , its pretty disappointing :(, 
  best explanation . 
  i 'm actually really surprised at how nice everyone is being so far so i guess i 'll be the one that has to be `` mean '' . 
  i 'm originally from romania but i have been living in the us since i was 2 years old ( i 'm 26 now ) and i do n't * hate * america but i dislike it for many reasons and i ca n't wait to get the fuck out . 
  i do n't like that america is so large that it makes travel very difficult and expensive . 
  also , there are no low-budget airlines like there are in europe that would help make travel cheaper . 
  i like to travel dammit . 
  america is also so separated from the rest of the westernized world ( with the exception of canada ) so that also makes it difficult and more expensive to travel . 
  that separation from the western world brings me to my next point of isolation . 
  america is kind of isolated `` in its own little world '' and that has created this superiority complex that many americans have . 
  `` we 're the best country in the world , god bless america , i hate those european commie bastards , dammit this is ` merica ! '', 
  it 's gotten to the point that it 's painful to watch someone with these ideals . 
  another thing i hate is the military spending . 
  yes , america is a bigger country with a lot of people so you definitely need a military but i think ours is far too large and we spend far too much money on it . 
  i hate that , in general , healthy food is more expensive than junk food ( this could be true of other countries but i 'm obviously focusing on america ) . 
  i really wish having a car was more optional rather than pretty much mandatory . 
  there are very few cities in the us where you do n't need a car and can still get around efficiently with public transportation . 
  if i want to go to a cafe , first i have to find one ( especially if you do n't live in the very center of a city ) then i have to drive 15 minutes to get to it . 
  the stereotype that americans are dumb is n't entirely untrue . 
  yes it 's a stereotype so it certainly does not apply to everyone but a `` dumb american '' is n't hard to find . 
  i once convinced a girl that romania was next to arizona and she believed me . 
  i am $ 30,000 in debt due to the way universities work in america . 
  we pay for them , and we pay a lot . 
  yes we can get government loans but i still have to pay that back , plus interest . 
  that 's it for now , if i think of anything else i 'll add it . 
  wow i never noticed that , very interesting . 
  i apologize if this is a stupid question but what is the `` special relationship '' ? 
  i live in the us so i do n't know if it would even be the same but , i just bought the galaxy s3 a month ago and i had to download the chrome app , it did n't come stock . 
  i do n't :( i 'm a us citizen but i just learned that i am technically still a romanian citizen ( so i 'm a dual citizen ) so once the madness of the holidays pass i am going to try to get my romanian passport . 
  problem is that i do n't have my original birth certificate , apparently it was kept for whatever reason when my parents and i left romania so i have to get my aunt or uncle in timisoara to get it and mail it for me . 
  but america is like the horrible red-headed step child that is in its teenage rebellious years and wo n't listen to anyone !, 
  ( is it obvious i ca n't wait to get out of america ? ), 
  are * you * still in love with america ? 
  edit : it 's you again !, 
  geez , i swear i 'm not stalking you . 
  i 've been living in the us since i was 2 years old ( for reference ) . 
  i think the reason the two parties seem so close to each other to most europeans is because of how they would translate in europe . 
  i have heard it put this way many times and i think it 's pretty accurate . 
  the democratic/left-wing/more liberal party in america ( obama ) would still be considered somewhat conservative in europe and the republican/right-wing/conservative party ( romney ) would be even more conservative . 
  i think when you look at it that way it is hard to see a difference . 
  if america had a candidate running that was considered european liberal , he/she would n't even have a chance . 
  hmmm i * do * love english accents ... and that username . 
  my plan is working !, 
  i 'm doing great , how * you * doin ? 
  i need to frequent this subreddit a lot more if i 'm going to find my sexy german man , 
  ahhh interesting . 
  i was n't aware that any other towns or cities had coffee shops like in amsterdam . 
  you 're right , plenty go there for ancestral reasons but it never fails that they have a fantastic time doing non-ancestral type activities , but you know `` fuck europe cuz they 're a bunch of pansies , and fuck soccer , blah blah blah '' . 
  it 's still annoying and hypocritical . 
  the people i do n't understand are the europe-hating americans that travel to europe . 
  if europe is doomed , if europe is stupid , etc etc etc then why are you traveling there ??? 
  blows my mind . 
  from a business standpoint , this is a smart move . 
  the money that is brought in just from the coffee shops and the tourism is a great resource for the city . 
  i 'm originally from europe but have been a us citizen for quite sometime now . 
  i visited amsterdam last year and would have gone whether or not the coffee shops were there or not , but they were a nice added bonus . 
  also , from what i saw , everyone in the coffee shops were very respectful of the rules and were n't `` rowdy , disrespectful americans '' . 
  but again , this was just my experience and perhaps not the typical experience ? 
  ahh yes this is true . 
  many americans think that of the us ? 
  or europeans ? 
  or both ? 
  we especially have to keep telling americans . 
  i live in the us and so many people here think the eu is about to collapse and cease to exist . 
  apparently the sentence has already been reduce from 4 years to only 1 year . 
  at that rate i doubt he 'll serve prison time at all . 
  and it 's so cheap !, 
  ( unless you 're in the cliche touristy areas ) . 
  a good cup of coffee only cost the equivalent of $ 1.50 us . 
  when i was in paris a cup was about $ 6 us and it was n't nearly as good as in rome , still good compared to starbucks and mcdonalds , though . 
  the best coffee i 've ever had ( and i 've had a lot from a lot of different places ) is in italy , more specifically , rome . 
  if you go to small neighborhood coffee shops tt 's delicious and a thousand times better than starbucks or mcdonalds . 
  i love to visit because i still have a lot of family over there , actually over half my family is still there , but i live in the us and it 's expensive to get over there .
