  2 people are walking and arguing . 
  people are arguing in a room . 
  or even the plot of john wick . 
  a guy 's dog got killed so he kills everybody . 
  i never said that he has to see the movie . 
  and the movie is actually not important , it could be any movie . 
  my point was and stil is , dont talk about movies that you have n't seen yourself . 
  basic stuff , you know . 
  and polar bear would be obviously fire . 
  and snakes would be poison, 
  no , i never joke . 
  the night of . 
  i am watching it currently and i have to say , that i ca n't stop . 
  haha legia . 
  if they lose this game tonight , polish teams should stop playing cl qualis at all . 
  i hope that also . 
  this is the second time in my life that i am rooting for a legia win . 
  i feel so dirty . 
  i had free tickets for austria wien vs legia in the el qualification a few years ago . 
  and i dislike austria even more than legia . 
  i agree . 
  berg 's legia 2 years ago was so much better than this one . 
  omg , they did it . 
  i am gon na see a polish team in the cl for the very first time in my life . 
  it 's really bad , especially if you compare it to the night of . 
  i do n't see wat this has to do with america . 
  every single first world country has this ideals . 
  some even more than america . 
  but it was n't legal . 
  you are the biggest apple fanboy i 've ever seen ? 
  you really think that a company can blackmail the biggest economy in the world , because they care more about consumers and taxes instead of pleasing apple . 
  yeah , that 's not how the lawsystem in the eu works . 
  nobody denies that . 
  that 's the whole thing about beeing a part of a community . 
  you have to give up some of your sovereignty , like everyone else , to work together . 
  and where will they move ? 
  any other eu country has to follow the same rules, 
  first milik took his position in amsterdam and now stepinski in nantes . 
  them poles really take away jobs . 
  they will . 
  apple is in no position to fight against the eu . 
  that would make business with eu countries more difficult . 
  withdrawing from the biggest market in the world sounds like a great idea . 
  `` josh cut off his penis because something came out of my vagina . '', 
  because batman is a solobook and detective comics not . 
  glik, 
  well dick was a big part of the court of owls story line and snyder used other support characters , especially gordon , alfred , harper , duke and others . 
  it seems to me that your biggest problem is , that he did n't use damian , but that 's not a big deal for me , because he had his own series and that tied in with almost every arc of snyder 's run . 
  it is . 
  that 's the whole thing about the eu . 
  allthough , he became one of the best players in history by 20 . 
  damn his knees . 
  which is obviously a lie , because every tourist should visit the oldest zoo in the world . 
  no.there was no boom sound . 
  yes . 
  i would love to see a chad & thad ( from blue mountain state ) series . 
  why would it be a good opportunity ? 
  what makes a katana cooler than an european sword ? 
  no , that was the future 's end timeline where tim faked his own death . 
  if there is one thing that lobdell is good for , than it 's writing red hood . 
  who cares about ss4 gogeta . 
  we need buu to absorb ssb goku . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers '', 
  alaba has been mediocre for the past year . 
  - champions league, 
  - no big expectations, 
  - easy league, 
  - polish women & pierogi, 
  it ca n't be a bigger fiasco then hasi . 
  and magiera , who is gon na become the next trainer , has not that much more experience than giggs . 
  and the cup is even better . 
  there is no difference between first league teams or third league ones.everyone can beat everyone . 
   a usually very reliable key player missing a crucial penalty, 
  m\u00fcller missed 4 penalties last sesason . 
  he should haver never be the one who shoot , when bayern has much better penalty takers . 
  there is only one song that i want to listen to during the crossover . 
  aquaman 's rousing song of heroism, 
  yeah . 
  but that would n't be the same ronaldinho . 
  the thing that made him so special , was the fact that for him it was n't just work . 
  he loved the game more than anyone else and that 's why he was able to produce such magic moments . 
  i miss the old toni . 
  at least it 's not as shitty as fanpost 2 or schlangen . 
  so there 's that . 
  - michael scott, 
  to be fair , it was his first real game since forever with the national team . 
  look how bad zielinski was during his first games and look at him now . 
  give him time , he wo n't be as good as milik , but he is stil a very good striker . 
  or stepinski . 
  to be fair , smuda his trainer at lech pozna\u0144 saw lewandowski and stil didnt want him , but the team bought him anyway because of lewandowskis manager . 
  sure , 2013 we had 3 poles in a cl final . 
  kurwa is not swearing.its a grammatical necessity in the polish language . 
  officially its also discontinued in austrian german , but nobody gives a damn and everyone stil uses it . 
  monaco was a good draw for them and we all know how that ended . 
  i think that e1 killer frost will become a hero . 
  plus she will be a member of the new jsa comic . 
  since when is psv a `` relatively unknown team '' ? 
  batman wasnt the problem of the new52 . 
  on the contrary , it had two of the best batman runs . 
  and there is no way that dc will retire bruce wayne ever .
