  i would have no idea what 70 % hotness feels like . 
  i guess it 's all about experience . 
  so it seems that australia and austria are n't the same country after all . 
  but i like how you think about beer . 
  dont worry . 
  you 'll be second after poland . 
  i believe in it . 
  im betting my money on milik . 
  with odds about 150 it seems like a good bet . 
  first of all , i dont care about that whole `` oversexualisation '' of starfire , because it 's just a big fuss from people that want to be offended . 
  and second of all , starfire had a really good arc during lobdell 's run . 
  the whole spacestoryline with her sister . 
  because dc has never published and elseworlds , what if 's or other out of continuity comics . 
  right ? 
  there is only one canon and everything else is incredible bad and uncomiclike . 
  and btw , gordon was in gotham before batman showed up and was looking for the wayne 's murderer exactly like in the series . 
  and yet this bottlers have won as many euros as you guys . 
  not really . 
  vastic was 39 during the euros 2008 and he even scored . 
  that 's much more impressive and the fact that he got free beer for life for this goal . 
  yeah yeah i managed to change it after i saw my mistake . 
  flarrow multiverse confirmed !, 
  fast , get grant morrison to write some episodes . 
  yep . 
  they should just reboot every book ever 3 months to get all the nice # 1 issues out . 
  na , she should have went full on wienerisch . 
  usa ca n't handle eurovision . 
  swedish music . 
  the most important event in europe . 
  obviously everyone in austria mistook australia for austria . 
  when has eurovision been about music ? 
  uefa members obviously . 
  we are in / r/soccer after all, 
  eurovision in a nutshell . 
  whaat . 
  is there bad blood between norway and sweden ? 
  austria public voted :, 
  12 for poland, 
  10 ukraine, 
  austria public voted :, 
  12 for poland, 
  10 ukraine, 
  poland is gon na make it !!, 
  believe !, 
  oh shit , it 's on !!!, 
  we did it europe . 
  we beat australia . 
  australia - ukraine, 
  liverpool will pay 15m $ for him . 
  i heared it will be 15m $, 
  ps4 d4an1el _, 
  but the euroleague finale is like a home game for them ,, 
  they just have to use power girl 's story and have solved all of your issues . 
  i dont know . 
  it has to be magic maczynski or peszko, 
  that 's what the rebirth issues are for . 
  i think it 's wally 's hand trying to reach out for a tether in the new52 universe, 
  and the best thing is , that none of them is an alternate universe survivor/clone/alternative reality version , but that they are just simply distant cousins that share the name of their grandfather . 
  actually he was always a part of this universe . 
  he just got erased like the memories of the titans and everything else . 
  new wally is n't the main version of him , but old wally 's distant cousin with whom he shares the name of their grandfather . 
  so his whole past with linda will probably come back after the whole rebirth event . 
  actually i think cionek is a better player than maczynksi or peszko and he seems to do pretty well in italy , at leat since he started to play regularly again . 
  transfermarkt, 
  [ it does for me ] ( http://www.transfermarkt.de/bayer-04-leverkusen/transfers/verein/15/saison_id/2016 ), 
  will it top the 2006 wc game between portugal and the netherlands tho ? 
  and then there is this whole little european tournament this summer . 
  i would have never guessed that he wants to go to 1860 m\u00fcnchen . 
  what a transfer twist . 
  on the other hand , there are countries like belgium , austria , poland and others , that have their best squads in years . 
  stutter steps are banned from next season on, 
  across all leagues . 
  marvel rebirth, 
  imo it should be 1 . 
  christiano - 3 . ibra, 
  during the 2006 worldcup togo had a player from the 5th german division in their team . 
  i think he even got some minutes during the worldcup . 
  the only reason why lewandowski is the player he is now is his manager . 
  nobody else in poland believed in him and not even smuda wanted him for lech poznan . 
  to quote smuda : i have never seen such a wooden player in my life . 
  but his manager aranged a move and the rest is history . 
  to be fair , there arent many players that have a work ethic equal to ronaldo 's . 
  isnt that the story of that one guy in captain tsubasa ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  szczesny only lost his place , because he didnt start at aresnal but now that he is playing week for week again , he will be the number one starter for poland . 
  well i doubt it . 
  if he doesnt move to real now he wo n't be able to move there next year because of reals transferban . 
  it was bruce wayne who killed dick 's , jason 's and tim 's parents . 
  we can go even farther . 
  he is the responsible person for the death of every superhero 's parents somehow . 
  at least they survived in watchmen for once . 
  krychowiak wasnt playing tho as he was rested for the euros and he is a gigantic boost to our defense, 
  hospital tycoon, 
  i love tycoon games . 
  we have no oligarchs, 
  so what ? 
  he clearly deserves it on his merit , does n't matter if he is an illegal or not . 
  is n't the bigger problem in the us that it 's extremly expensive to get a good education without any scholarships ? 
  luckily i do n't have that problem , because university is almost free here in europe so i can enjoy my education without having to worry about crushing debt . 
  i 'm sure it will be a one time event where he sees supergirl and says that it 's ok for her to move to earth-1 and help there , blabla .
