  piszczek to dortmund was quite a good transfer, 
  genius move by simone . 
  after he saw how real won 10v11 he figured out how to beat barca too . 
  just get a player send off . 
  the game has the same plot as the movie 300 . 
   i do n't think the state should be attempting to stamp out an ideology this way . 
  wtf . 
  a state should do everything in his power to stamp out an ideology like nationalsocialsm, 
  i 've never heard about a dictator named barack hussein . 
  you know hussein is a common name . 
  but he never was a villain . 
  all he wanted to do is to get his son back and restore his world . 
  ive played 24 hours yugioh with one one hour break to eat and change up my deck a little bit . 
  i think in the end he wo n't die , but lose his powers permanently and become only clark kent the reporter . 
  maybe because some european countries have to apply for visas if they visit the us . 
  atletico is no small team tho . 
  they are far bigger than the teams that play in the el, 
  the newest movie made over a billion dollars . 
  that 's far from b movie . 
  and dwayne johnson is one of the biggest action stars nowadays . 
  dude get some balls, 
  thad `` aquaman '' castle would be a perfect shazam . 
  riddle me this . 
  what is the greatest movie ** forever ** ? 
  so , i 'm not that big of a marvel guy , but is n't thanos on darkseid level of power and evilness ? 
  why could n't bendis then write some better than `` you 're under arrest '' coming from capt. 
  yep thats it . 
  i do n't think they will kill him off . 
  he will just lose his powers and become clark full time . 
  that mirrors his last arc where he was only superman . 
  it 's quite great actually . 
  the only one who could beat king ( omega men ) was king ( the vision ) , who beat king ( grayson ) before . 
  it was wisla krakow and not lech poznan . 
  maybe they added jasons death to the suicide squad as a joker flashback and your problems are solved . 
  but scott eastwood is already in the dceu in suicide squad . 
  i 'm no `` memester '' , but 4chan is without a doubt more influential than bernie . 
  if bernie loses the nomination , which seems pretty likely , he wo n't even be mentioned past november anywhere outside of the us . 
  he would n't have changed anything and achieved nothing that 's important on a global scale . 
  4chan is a shitty website that has influenced some stuff in the past years . 
  especially after seeing atl . 
  madrid yesterday . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  euro is worth more than the dollar . 
  how well did overwatch run on your rmb ? 
  he is basically a combination of the two most popular superheroes : batman and spider-man . 
  and lets not forget rivaldo 's corner . 
  the last minute penality for austria against poland during the 2008 euros . 
  the day after was my most annoying schoolday ive ever had . 
  im living in austria , but am polish , thats why . 
  but what about ukraine , the country putin sent into a civil war and annexed part of it . 
  stil more hope for europe , than for the us . 
  try the ekstraklasa.tv app for android ( idk if its out for ios ) . 
  it 's like the internet site , but without geolocking . 
  it has all goals and highlights and works pretty good . 
  he never displaced lewandowski . 
  they both play together in pretty much every game . 
  considering it 's about the eu , then yes i quite like the way the taxes are used . 
  i hate all this manga memes so much . 
  and lets not forget that this system also punishes casuals . 
  you are forced to grind through a bunch of games each month to get a few games where you can play with people on your level . 
  oh shit what a great gym . 
  oh shit its in vienna . 
  where exactly is it located ? 
  that 's great to hear . 
  i will definitely check it out in october . 
  aston villa will win on their last matchday against arsenal , so they will lose their 4th place . 
  it has to happen . 
  so true . 
  if there is a team out there that can lose against aston villa , than it 's arsenal, 
  who else would try to kill himself if his opponent doesnt let him win in a cardgame . 
  dragovic and janko already won their national leagues . 
  only alaba has n't won his league yet . 
  on sunday legia warsaw faces piast gliwice . 
  the match may be the titledecided considering the league has 3 games to go and both teams are on equal points in first and second position . 
  not only for legia . 
  lech has no other chance to get some european games next season if not by winning the cup today . 
  everyone who is n't a legia fan wants piast to win it i would imagine . 
  the 1916 flares used by legia cleary works . 
  i ca n't see shit anymore . 
  i really hope that podbieskidzie somehow manages to stay up.they dont deserve to be relegated but that whole lechia situation fucked them up more than i would have imagined . 
  that 's his 4th missed penality this season . 
  he is n't that good at shooting them . 
  and cheering for the spanish team , right ? 
  harley quinn is definitely more popilar than deadpool . 
  and then there is batman too . 
  i think atletico already tried that with aguero 's son ( who is also maradona 's grandson ), 
  i could n't find any othe source . 
  if you find one feel free to post it and i will delete this one . 
  so will it be in the same cinematic universe as the emoji movie ? 
  best new superhero : open-window man, 
  best new villain : the court of owls, 
  that 's a weird argument . 
  there are more numbers on a scale than 0 and 100 . 
  anythign below 0  it 's freezing, 
  10  it 's coldish, 
  20  warm, 
  30  hot, 
  40  superhot, 
  are you from the us ? 
  becasue if yes , than it 's probably because you grew with it .
