  everyone has the right to life even those who dont deserve it, 
  and the fact that they were responsible for the biggest war in human history . 
  but the most important reason is quite simple . 
  nazis are evil . 
  there is no grey area in that regard . 
  ww2 was one of the few wars were it was easy to see who the bad guys are . 
  i see that as something good actually . 
  society evolves so we dont have to fight against each other anymore . 
  but then there are some idiots left , who think that they represent the glorious masterace smh, 
  team periwinkle for life, 
  it 's definitely the official line in austria . 
  the country shares this stance and it 's also thought here the same way in school . 
  i am from austria btw . 
  ww2 was actually pretty black and white . 
  one side wanted to exterminate all the people they deemed subhuman and industrialized the killing of men , women and children . 
  the other did not . 
  saying that hitler or the 3rd reich were something else than evil is ignorant . 
  you know against whom the nazis discriminated ? 
  it wasnt only the jews , but also the polish , slavs , gypsies , gays and disabled people . 
  saying all poles should be killed = white supremacy . 
  i dont know how that armor that negated the leagues powers would be in any way handy against evil batmen that have powers of the justice league . 
  actually it makes sense that dream appeared . 
  a story about the nightmares of batman coming to life and the focus on the hawks who dream is the grandson of.also the mulitversity map appearing . 
  vienna would have my vote, 
  germany is doing fine . 
  dont worry, 
  eastern europe is a geopolitical term too and not just a geographic one . 
  the geopolitical one is the one who is used most of the time, 
  so red son, 
  he is included in pes this year, 
  na thats just puma loyalty, 
  well , maybe that 's how metal is gon na play out ? 
  in # 9 of nightwing prenew52 superman refers to nightwing as the multiversal constant . 
  something that was touched on in infinite crisis . 
  so maybe , even in batman 's worst nightmare , nightwing still ends up being the good guy in the end . 
  but yeah it 's all pretty far fatched . 
  or you know , people will stop doing stupid fouls, 
  paulinho is jason then . 
  i think we are onto something . 
  they did but dortmund refused anyway because of g\u00f6tze . 
  not my club but rapid vienna has won the german bundesliga once . 
  please do something useful with your time . 
  i would be up for a meet up too , because im also going alone to the concert, 
  i would be up for it . 
  to be fair to them he is a mit and we cant be sure how he entered germany for the first time, 
  edit : is it really that hard to get a joke ? 
  i 'm a polish emigrant myself, 
  what ? 
  neymar got injured before that match and could not play that game . 
  nolan 's batman would n't be useful at all in a justice league . 
  the dude had serious problems against a bunch of dogs . 
  i 'm so sad that dram did not get the love he deserves yesterday at the damn tour in chicago.so many people just sitting around, 
   i 'm not saying there 's no corruption in the usa prison system , i 'm just saying it is far more decentralized than other countries , which makes it harder for corruption to succeed . 
  you guys have for profit prisons for gods sake . 
  your prison system is definitely more corrupt that then average european one . 
  even black mirror ? 
  maybe h'el is oz, 
  well , who else ? 
  mary seward appeared in dark days : the casting, 
  if paulinho can do it ,, 
  yeah because my generation did not put ronaldo , ronaldinho and zidane above the club . 
  evey little kid with the ronaldo haircut in 2002 was a real inter fan . 
  why ? 
  many people like it, 
  but why do you care about the show ? 
  you dont need oil money for that . 
  in austria it 's basically the same, 
  because in the long run it 's worth it.every national has some complains . 
  not that you have to care about that for any much longer . 
  not every team needs to look like a cheap jutsice league knockoff . 
  there is a spinoff with his son boruto . 
  it 's pretty basic tbh . 
  most people i know started drinking with 14/15 . 
  but the us is their homeland . 
  they grew up here and spent most of the life here . 
  why does that matter ? 
  i 'm a polish citizen yet austria is my homeland . 
  i could , but i see no reason for why tho . 
  it 's not like being polish has any disadvantages . 
  but my personal decision which citizenship i want to have , has nothing to do with the situation we are talking about . 
  do you think not having a piece of paper should fuck up your whole life ? 
  even if you did nothing wrong and had no say in the whole matter ? 
  yes i think so . 
  and if i would want to i would get it instantly without any problems . 
  but there is no need for it . 
  i do n't have to be afraid of getting deported or any other problems dreamers face . 
  that point is not that important otherwise bojan would have been a ballon d'or winner by now . 
   sauron are held as human, 
  what ? 
  sauron is a god who was created before the earth even existed . 
   voldemort was able to change people to his side . 
  that was basically sauron 's whole shtick . 
  he created the rings and corrupted the human and dwarfkings . 
  he corrupted saruman , the strongest wizard in middle-earth . 
  sauron was so good at corrupting people , that eru himself ( the creator of all ) had to flood a whole island , because they started worshiping melkor . 
  and he survived that . 
   not everyone is loyal to him, 
  i 'm not that sure , but i do n't think that anyone has betrayed sauron . 
  unlike voldemort , who was betrayed by snape and even draco 's mother . 
  sauron had lost his physical form before , but after regaining his strength he was be able to get a new body .
