  the show was fantastic and it 's a sequel to the movie and not just a reboot . 
  batman forever . 
  idk why but when i was a child it played every year before christmas in polish tv . 
  i love that movie so much . 
  they havent . 
  no , wikipedia is not wrong as fuck.that graphic is under the winners section of the article . 
  so it makes sense that they only show the winners of the el . 
  the thing is , that china is not part of uefa . 
  vienna is also much smaller than paris . 
  i would argue that there is no better public transportation system than the one in vienna . 
  because they are different chracters . 
  it 's my time to shine . 
  and yet it overheats easily . 
  [ cristiano did it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpuhbe-x2fs ), 
  `` little eu bubble '' . 
  and the eu has no trades with non eu-countries and the brits will definitely get better deals than the eu , because , yeah why again will britain be better on their own when it comes to world economics ? 
  half of uks exports are to the eu . 
  that 's leagues above `` considerable '' . 
  so i ca n't see how the uk could even think about having a trade war with the eu . 
  i like real 's grey kit from last season . 
  because he scored his 60th goal today ? 
  and 60 in 80 has a nice ring to it . 
  maybe i will get lucky . 
  pazdan was fantastic during the euros . 
  to be fair , captain america is currently a nazi/hydra agent . 
  so it 's not that far of . 
  it does n't work that great . 
  auba is n't as good on the wings as he is as a striker . 
  edit : i 'm sure klopp tried the 442 out with both of them and it did n't work our otherwise we would have seen it during their season together in dortmund . 
  the un 's first and most important goal is to prevent another world war . 
  and so far it worked out pretty good . 
  i live in vienna , so yeah i 've experienced the refugee situation and it 's not that bad for me . 
  i mean it 's a horrible situation for the refugees , because they had to leave their homes etc. 
  but for the people of austria it did n't change much . 
  it would end up as superboy prime . 
  you ca n't just steal another country 's oil . 
  hell , even if he invades , he would violate the geneva conventions by taking their oil . 
   many pc oems like dell and hp have already de-emphasized 2 in 1s, 
  that 's not quite right . 
  dells new xps 13 is a 2in1 and you could argue that it 's their flagship , also the new xps 15 stil has a touhc screen option . 
  well . 
  first there is the constitution , then there is the constitutional court , the echr , the cojeu . 
  checks and balances my friend.you ca n't simply change the laws how you like it . 
  what are you even talkin about ? 
  germany is doing well and doesnt need to be fixed . 
  have you even been there ? 
  but if they disregard the constitution anyway , then even american freedom of speech would not achieve anything . 
  and then there is stil the echr and the cojeu . 
  supranational institutions that are impossible to infiltrate by one nation 's party . 
  the music was not the main point of the trial . 
  it was the fact that he was parading his nazi tattoos in a public swimming pool . 
  but it should be the law . 
  the big majority of the austrian population does n't want to abolish this law and there is a reason for the existence of it . 
  please stop it with the slippery slope argument . 
  it 's not . 
  it worked fine for the past 70 years . 
  austria is the latin-germanic name of our country . 
  we use it here too . 
  it 's definitely `` ethnic '' . 
  no they did n't . 
  they put him in prison , because he was showing of and boasting his nazi tattoos at a swimming pool and making nazi music . 
  all of this is against the law of austria . 
  you may not understand it , but the big majority of our country support this law . 
  he wants to steal iraq 's oil . 
  so yeah , he has no idea about the geneva convention . 
  europe pays ( even more ) . 
  the first world has a responsibility to help the poorer countries . 
  no they are not . 
  not tolerating nazis does n't make you a nazi . 
  nationalsocialsm has no place in our society . 
  there is a reason why the allies , especially the us , forced us to adopt this sort of law . 
  to denazify the population . 
  repealing this law now would mean that it 's okay to be a nazi nowadays . 
  it seems the referee was betting on the game and made some dubious decisions . 
  well , somehow they need to make money . 
  your poor parents, 
  no it 's not the same as the usa . 
  it 's the opposite , because in germany there are more than 2 parties . 
  so multiple parties with different opinions form the government together by finding a common ground . 
  so what do you like about his first week ? 
  no x , y or z stuf , but which policies do you find make america better ? 
  and people still wonder why we have laws about the denial of the holocaust and against nationalsocialism in europe . 
  i would use caleaveornia . 
  why would that be the case ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  it 's not expensive at all to travel around europe nowaday . 
  i 'm a student and have no problems affording it from time to time and most of the people i know do travel . 
  i just booked a flight from vienna to berlin for 49 $ for both ways . 
   the commissioners are genuinely unelected . 
  no they are not . 
  they are members of the national governments of the member states , which were elected by the respective nations people . 
  what about jay garrick ? 
  it has never been a problem before . 
  well 4 years ago russia did not annex crimea yet . 
  global warming is not a political opinion . 
  it 's just a fact . 
  how we cope with it is the political question . 
  to be fair , bruk-bet ( termalica is also a part of bruk-bet ) is a company from the same village as the team . 
  [ here is a short youtube movie adi shankar made a few years ago . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vw5vcupyl90 ),
