  there was also a ps2 version . 
  boateng should be number one . 
  poland and iceland have not l\u00f6st a single knockout game in the past 25 years , so they will obviously face each other in the finale . 
  rb leipzig will shake the bundesliga up.maybe not this year , but in a few years they will be cl contenders . 
  actually the winner of the club world cup is the world champion team in soccer , but its not the best league . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the european supercup has nothing to do with it.the european champions league winner plays in the club world cup against other champions league winners from other continents . 
  or pazdan . 
  he is on fire this euros . 
  on the other hand , i would be quite happy with a yellow for maczynski, 
  i believe in the odds . 
  afterall everything is possible in 2016 !, 
  [ bum tarararara euro nadal trwa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa22wnnzpaa ), 
  dont worry . 
  once the tetris movie trilogy starts there will be for sure a tie in game . 
  tetris - the movie : the game to the movie, 
  dragon ball super , one piece ,, 
  i have a pokestop in my garden . 
  it 's so nice to get the free pokeballs/eggs without having to go anywhere . 
  sure . 
  you will get eggs at pokestops and they are n't really rare , so you should get some eggs pretty fast after you visit some stops . 
  before i started to play , i though that the game will be to simple and boring . 
  but i think many reviewers missed the point of the game . 
  it 's all about going out and exploring the world . 
  i ca n't recall when was the last time when i had that much fun biking , simply because i drove from pokestop to pokestop and catched pokemon on the way . 
  depending on your phone you can change it in the ( phone ) options . 
  it should be called something like `` turn screen off '' or somethign like that, 
  that game does n't eat that much data . 
  only about 23mb per day, 
  you wo n't get banned for using the app . 
  there is no chance that it might happen . 
  the albanian bird it is !!, 
  just buy a laptop, 
  you make it seem pretty easy , but there are n't many people that show more dedication and will to achieve everything he did . 
  he worked his ass of for his whole life to become the best player in the world . 
  he works for hours every single day , day after day to make it and you ask for a better hero ? 
  so what ? 
  he stil broke the law . 
   different harsh standard, 
  paying your taxes is a harsh standard now ? 
  the speak chinese . 
  if they speak english its blue colored in this book . 
  limitless was great . 
  super fun and unique show . 
  so what ? 
  why not . 
  it 's 2016 after all . 
  everything is possible . 
  hey at least there was no devil involved . 
  well he used kuba as a rb in some games before . 
  sure . 
  no matter how good a team is , they will lose a game sooner or later . 
  not really . 
  it was stil going on with the batman/jl beyond comics for a while . 
  bielik was never supposed to be a first team player when he came . 
  the boy barely played in the ekstraklasa ( 170 minutes ) . 
  to be fair . . the ealry bvs trailers were amazing . 
  he probably mixed up australia with austria . 
  with starzynski back in the team i expect zaglebie to make it into the el and contend for the league as well . 
  someday at the wb office : `` hey what if we make a batman movie , but batman is actually an autistic accountant ? '', 
  thats a bad principle . 
  the cw has many good shows . 
  fun fact . 
  in austria you can drink legally from 16 onwards , doesnt matter if you are with your parents or are eating something . 
  mine too . 
  its such a great experience . 
  maybe wait til you see the movie before you talk about batman beeing wasted or batman stealing the spotlight . 
  after all i think that batman will only appear in a flashback in this movie and nothing more . 
  zielinski will make it 5, 
  i hate that quote so much . 
  batman is a good person . 
  that 's why i lover the way scott snyder handled bruce after he forgot how to be batman . 
  he stil did good things to help others and in the end he sacrificed his own happiness to safe gotham . 
  so what ? 
  winnig the uefa champions league doesnt make you world champion . 
  there is a club world cup for that . 
  he will be the best earning player in the ekstraklasa , so if he fails it will be double as sweet for the rest of poland . 
  but hey , at least you may get that sweet cl money this year , because it will be never again that easy to qualify for you guys . 
  and lets not forget the real star of polish football . 
  no , just stop . 
  there is no u6 goku . 
  they dont have alternate versions of characters in u6 . 
  frost is not freezer.they just share the same race and are both evil . 
  ying jun qi will vin the vgc . 
  so in the end yajirobe would be the one to safe the world, 
  you know that the last two transformers movies made over a billion worldwide . 
  how is that not sustainable . 
  it 's making more and more money with each movie . 
  dick is also in his robin outfit , so i guess that 's just an illusion that will fight the real titans once they appear there . 
  because others were better . 
  how many vcg rounds are there today ? 
  maybe get your own opinion on things ? 
  just an idea . 
  the ultimate cut of bvs was quite good even . 
  so you knew the plot . 
  but a plot alone does n't make a movie . 
  maybe you should watch it before you talk about it . 
  it 's the other way around actually . 
  look at a movie like before midnight . 
  the plot is .
