  and yet they released a version without the touch bar . 
  doesn, 
  ' t seem very all in . 
  ~ ~ kevin gates is performing on tuesday ~ ~ . 
  187 strassenbande in december , but i think they are sold out . 
  damn . 
  somehow i missed that . 
  the story starts in thailand with a bunch of prostitutes and monks . 
  you should visit poland . 
  we got z en masse . 
  what plant is it ? 
  probably because you are ignorant, 
  do it for poland !!, 
  you show the wrong game, 
  yeah , but ronaldo became the best footballer in the world while ibra has been 15 years old so it makes sense . 
  sure , but it 's ronaldo . 
  and the difference between 15 and 20 is quite big if you are 15 . 
  probably because he stands against all the values that americans are so proud of , like freedom , democracy and equality . 
  ive been to brussels 3 times this year and havent had any problems yet there . 
  the lord of the rings trilogy, 
  fuck this sort of thinking . 
  do you support a super league between the top clubs too ? 
  he is right . 
  international games have nothing to do with professional football . 
  it 's about representing your country against other ones . 
  if you do n't want to , you do n't have to . 
  easy as that . 
  i agree . 
  if you are not included in fifa16 you should n't be a club or a national team . 
  you are german , so you wo n't get it , but think one moment about the fans from smaller countries . 
  they would never get to see their idols play in their country , if not for international games . 
  to be fair , placki po w\u0119giersku is soo damn good . 
  who knew . 
  he can be a great player when he plays sober . 
  it 's a good time to be a pole . 
  lewandowski , milik and teodorczyk and then there is stepinski . 
  ca n't wait for 2018 . 
  so that 's why milik left . 
  well they used only wingers in the top 10 forwards . 
  higuain , costa , griezman and benze are all under the top 10 strikers . 
  and dybala , kane and morata are n't anywhere near a top 10 list . 
  usually yes , but it 's espnfc , so you ca n't expect to much . 
  they chose to look only at the performance of 2016 and mane and firminho have a better year than this 3 and even if they were n't , they compete in two different categories , so it does n't even matter, 
  here you go [ uefa nations league ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2018%e2%80%9319_uefa_nations_league ), 
  alaba had a terrible year . 
  for bayern as well as for austria . 
  til i can move the cursor to the right to swap the other cards i drew . 
  good to know . 
  great season so far for nice . 
  i hope they manage to win the league . 
  no chance that he will win . 
  i have n't cringed so hard in a long time . 
  uncesored ? 
  you get banned for any question that doesnt fit in t_ds worldview there . 
  so t_d then . 
  i mean i got banned there for asking someone what hw thinks makes america great . 
  if you can kill em you are god, 
  summer ? 
  he will be gone this winter if he keeps on playing like that . 
  they have a buyout option for 4.5 mil $ for him tho and they can pull it whenever they want . 
  can you dm it me too ? 
  [ say what ? 
  ] ( https://www.cheap-flyer-printer.com/shop/product_images/r/luis%20figo__69945_thumb.jpg ), 
   we thought making gotze one of the top earners at the club and paying kroos half of that was smart . 
  to be fair dortmund though the same too when they made g\u00f6tze a top earner while not wanting to paying lewandwoski the same wage and so he decided not to sign an extension . 
  the wooden part was actually said by smuda, 
  flash, 
  arrow, 
  legends, 
  supergirl, 
   it was the eu that refused to compromise . 
  really ? 
  the uk had their own special snowflake status in the eu like no other country . 
  what compromises from the eu would you have liked to see ? 
  the street . 
  here are all the restrictions to free speech in the echr :, 
  * interests of national security, 
  * territorial integrity or public safety, 
  * prevention of disorder or crime, 
  * protection of health or morals, 
  * protection of the reputation or the rights of others, 
  * preventing the disclosure of information received in confidence, 
  * maintaining the authority and impartiality of the judiciary, 
  the echr is the basis of fundamental rights in europe and if you take a look at the restrictions for free speech , the uk is indeed justificated in banning neo nazi groups . 
   it 's easy to shit on the nazi 's because they lost the war, 
  no , it 's easy to shit on them because they are nazis . 
  a despicable ideology that has no right to exist nowadays . 
   only seem so bad because of all the propaganda, 
  dude , they put inoccent people in gas-chambers simply because they didnt fit into their twisted worldview . 
  it does n't matter if there were as bad groups as the nazis , because they should be banned too if they follow a simmilar ideology of hatred . 
  so what ? 
  do you want to tell me that the nazis are n't that bad , because others killed more people ? 
  so what ? 
  if there was a group of british imperialists that want to kill all indians , they should be banned too . 
  easy as that . 
  did you see his goals during the euros . 
  i ca n't think about any other reason . 
  to be fair , that year spain won the euros and played without a striker . 
  its a clone !!!, 
  if there is a franchise that cann pull it of than its f & f,
