  i stoped playing a long time ago , but no card will top the original japanese normal monster version of blackluster soldier for me . 
  and there is only one copy of it . 
  truely a holy grail . 
  that 's exactly his role in the flash . 
  i doubt they would re-use him exactly the same way . 
  yes they are . 
  but action comics , superman and basically every other superman comic covers the new52 version . 
  only superman : lois and clark covers the `` hidden '' superman . 
  i do n't think that ibra has a higher marketing value than lewy . 
  i 'm living in vienna and i see lewandowski 's huawei ad everywhere . 
  they spamed the city full with it . 
  that 's exactly how it 's pronounced . 
  am an austrian so i know my german . 
  sumo wrestlers arent exactly healthy . 
  they die around 10 years earlier than normal people . 
  flair checks out . 
  champions league results . 
  in austria you can do it from 16 on . 
  john paul ii would have been pretty happy about that 5 inches of reinforced glass . 
  what about sahin . 
  he was by far the best player when he got sold . 
  zag\u0142\u0119bie lubin in 1991 is the last new team to win the league . 
  they 've wn a second title in 2007, 
  dragowski is such a great player . 
  ca n't wait for him to take the next step and leave the ekstraklasa . 
  well , there is currently a batman/tmnt comic . 
  the writer of the picture you posted tom taylor and he is definitely a big superman fan . 
  i even think that superman is his favorite character . 
  because sometimes you dont have time to style your hair . 
  its fast , comfortable and looks pretty good . 
  i think rybus has a shot as a lb . 
  rest seems fine.maybe golla as cb, 
  to be fair , alaba doesnt play lb that often this season and he definitely wont be a lb during the euros . 
  is it a good game to play on parties ? 
  throught about buying it . 
  before sunrise and before sunset . 
  just for your info . 
  this site is satire . 
  i think they 've been doing it since the game against lech poznan in 2010, 
  i would say 2 with one being a pope . 
  check out the british show tripped, 
  its sliders fused with misfits, 
  good for you pique . 
  so basically betting . 
  how many proteins has rat meat per kilo ? 
  piast gliwice is basically the polish leicester . 
  spain winning 2008 , 2010 and 2012 is probably a greater achievement, 
  also lewandowski . 
  ps4 - d4an1el _, 
  james rodriguez, 
  48 for santos ( 67 if you include friendlies ), 
  from what movie is this ? 
  barca managed pretty fine without messi at the start of the season . 
  did n't it start yesterday with supergirl ? 
  that 's a name i 've never expected to see on r/soccer . 
  aqualobo looks so badass . 
  i do n't agree with the reaction , but h\u00e4m\u00e4l\u00e4inen should have expected something like that after this transferwindow . 
  i mean it 's poland and he was a lech player moving to legia . 
  everyone understood why he wanted to leave and they were fine with it and he said that he would only move to a club outside of poland , if he moves at all , and then he suddenly moves to legia . 
  it 's not fictional at all . 
  the amazon stuff sure , but themyscria exists in modern turkey and was part of tales about amazon since ancient times . 
  money . 
  i do n't think that this is the case . 
  he mostly hangs out with szczesny , krychowiak , peszko and zyro from the national team . 
  for like 30 minutes and italy beeing already sure of going to france . 
  and lets be real here , he wont be called up for the euros . 
  i could see them going for milik . 
  we got schnitzel, 
  obviously veal . 
  it worked !, 
  - adolf hitler, 
  yep , as long as alaba has no song about himself he ca n't be considered as the best, 
  he is a 75 years old man . 
  he would n't stand a chance in a top league . 
  i would love it if superman snaps batman 's neck at the end of the movie and goes full injustice and the justice league will be about wonder woman getting a team together to stop superman . 
  nobody would ever expect that twist . 
  keep your ears up too . 
  their biggest stuff is yet to come ? 
  so it has to be jl , right ? 
  that would be so aweosme . 
  let then snyder team up with jock for detective and we got two extremly good books . 
  to be fair ancient themiscyra is located in modern day turkey , so obviously she would take a turkish airline to safe costs . 
  wider than grayson in the dcu . 
  he was already batman so it 's obvious which mantle dick will take over now . 
  he is gon na become the new wonder woman, 
  the most ridicolous name i have ever seen in fifa . 
  szczesny 's dad played gk for the national team and all of the big polish clubs, 
  to be fair , they have '' internazionale `` in their name . 
  to put it simply . 
  in american sports it 's not relevant if the teams does well in the league . 
  they stil get their money , stil stay in the legaue , stil get good new players . 
  while in soccer a season with no european games or relagation can be devasting for a team . 
  most teams ca n't afford to give a trainer more time if his results are bad and he does n't show any improvement, 
  lewandowski to real, 
  fighter of the nightman ( ah-ah-ah ), 
  champion of the sun ( ah-ah-ah ), 
  you 're a master of karate, 
  and friendship, 
  for everyone, 
  that 's a stupid argument .
