  sure you are buddy . 
   ai n't no one crying over pokemon bra , nor sailormoon . 
  i do n't know how old you are , but there were definitely tears during the first pokemon movie . 
  sure the pokemon anime is more popular than dbz . 
  the first 3 pokemon movies had all global cinema releases . 
  ca n't say that about any other anime . 
  well the makers of beyblade are making a fidget spinner anime so you are right . 
  lobo, 
   this money . 
  idk , but 6m $ seems like a fair price . 
  the biggest transfer from the austrian league is iirc 7m $ . 
  neither are republicans . 
  he is basically a legia ultra, 
  how tall are you and how did it fit you ? 
   i am sure they had good reasons for putting her in london . 
  well it 's a world war 1 movie . 
  legias nane is probably based on the latin word legion . 
  after all they were a military club, 
  that 's confirmed . 
  they call it icons now . 
  not really . 
  he obviously knows that they are 3 volumes of batman . 
  how else would he get to 800, 
  well they fought in the prequel to forever evil . 
  was it trinity war ? 
  never see me again . 
  i guess it will be deyna . 
  it seems that thawne did n't like the new52 !, 
  he got his prenew52 + flashpoint memories back, 
  [ liquid metal you say ? 
  ] ( https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/marvel_dc/images/1/14/mercury_%28metal_men_shorts%29.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20131008224211 ), 
  [ you seem quite salty . 
  ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-51be6c245506f5dab28021a891ea4ce5 ), 
  the thing about ottakringer is that you either love it or hate it . 
  why the fuck is wrabel playing and not dragowski . 
  staring the home euros with a header and then play like shit . 
  where have i seen this before ? 
  what about kapustka then ? 
  napoli did not allow zielinski and milik to play at the euros . 
  and dragowski is on the bench . 
  imo the smuda era was the worst . 
  we did n't even try to win games during his reign . 
   are you willing to give up your free speech rights ? 
  i do n't see how anyone has the right to tell someone else to kill themselves ? 
  why do americans have this weird obsession that free speech is limitless . 
  do you want to live in a country where the government has the right to kill you like iraq or north korea ? 
  and yet you guys stil have the death penalty . 
  you ca n't argue about the merits of a law , because authoritarian governments abuse it . 
  they abuse every law they can . 
  so keeping that in mind , i see no problem in limiting the aspects of free speech that interfere in the basic righs of other people . 
  same shit as 2012 . 
  and you ca n't have `` due process '' with free speech laws ? 
  i live in austria and we have some free speech restrictions and yet i do n't feel that it 's north korea here . 
  a white gucci tshirt, 
  mecz o honor here we come . 
  i 've almost forgotten how it feels to be a polish soccer fan after last year . 
  forget about bielik . 
  dragowski ist the one who needs to play in the last game . 
  super saiyan blue  ssj3, 
  eh the last episodes were great . 
  but yeah the first 40 or so episodes were terrible, 
  in the end he has blue hair does n't he ? 
  fuck wrabel . 
  that guy is sooo bad . 
  he wo n't even make it in the ekstraklasa . 
  good for him . 
  his club bought a new goalkeeper after the last two games during this europs . 
  so he will need a place to play . 
  it 's the same situation as 2012 . 
  we have a shitty trainer that ca n't handle the players . 
  dorna is mediocre . 
  he should have been gone a long time and i hope boniek changes his mind and fires him . 
  overall boniek has to revamp all the whole youth teams . 
  it just does n't work out . 
  but dorna is the last one to have shown any spine . 
  he was n't brave enough to admit his mistakes from the first game and change the xi . 
  the players are too be blamed too . 
  that 's for sure . 
  imoscar.com would make a comeback, 
  at least the future generarions will know that trump is team edward . 
  ohh please . 
  what about the eu . 
  i am covered in every single eu country and it works . 
  let the states run it then ? 
  its not that big of a problem . 
  its just political issue . 
  why does the state size matter ? 
  european countries are all vary too . 
  who is talking about half-assing ? 
  universal healthcare is no new concept and has been tried in many different variations . 
  the lack of any basic healthcare for a significant part of the population is costing people their lives , even more than mediocre universal healthcare . 
  and why does have the system be right the first time ? 
  it can evolve . 
  mistakes can be corrected . 
   judges who need to balance priorities, 
  you have clearly no idea what judges do . 
  they are supposed to follow the law . 
  the government makes the law . 
  a judge follows it . 
  easy system .
