  something like that . 
  i am not able to do that , but show me the evidence that his citizenship status did have a major bearing on getting at least some of the money . 
  you wo n't be able to do that either . 
  hearthstone is an online card game with warcraft lore . 
  rocketleague is like soccer but with cars and 1v1/2v2/3v3, 
  and yeah they are in fifa but they have now a fifa esports team . 
  so a player/players who plays professionally fifa at fifa tournaments under the valencia brand . 
  [ wc 2002 : ronaldo 's hair ] ( http://images.performgroup.com/di/library/goal_international/82/f1/ronaldo-2002_1qq6b6c1hm3c015o5zpofer5eq.jpg?t=-1075441790&amp; ), 
  a flash movie against the rogues called `` the fast vs the furious '' would be a great movie . 
  austria started ww1 . 
  the past year or so , he was pretty jacked , while he took over the cowl of batman . 
  so , that 's what happened to torres . 
  every shot is a shot . 
  [ alaba 's sister ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g60megqjub0 ), 
  poland !!!!, 
  nothing can stop the hype train ^ ^ at ^ ^ least ^ ^ until ^ ^ sunday !, 
  forget the euros . 
  we need an uefa eurovision crossover event !, 
  [ he is hardcore ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6f9siulfta ) . 
  yep it is . 
  the english lyrics are under the video . 
  is this pitbull 's dad ? 
  are you saying that kokoroko euro spoko isnt the greatest song ever ? 
  poland if you can handle the disappointment . 
  to be fair , russia provoked poland that day , marching with their flags celebrating some udssr holiday , through the streets of warsaw . 
  will griggs . 
  heard he is on fire . 
  arnautovic has definitely the talent , but he wasted it by being a white balotelli . 
  rules changed . 
  you can now pass the ball back during kick off . 
  you let only 2 teams advance from this group . 
  i 'm sure he will do it and we will get 10 issues of an alternate reality where everything is much worse . 
  ukraine 0 - 0 northern ireland, 
  germany 1 - 3 poland, 
  josh cut off his penis because something came out of my vagina . 
  well but kebap was invented in berlin , at least the popular version inside a sandwich . 
  boruc was a monster that game.lets hope he can be as good today if he plays . 
  it doesnt make a big difference if he plays one more year for them . 
  after that he is going back to legia anyway . 
  boruc has a great rangers tattoo . 
  another fact is that pazdan was following g\u00f6tz deep into the midfield , making g\u00f6tze completly useless . 
  it healed, 
  it 's very likely that this will happen . 
  he was in paris before he joined the polish nt during his days off . 
  that idea is completly stupid . 
  both teams would let in an easy goal so the game `` starts '' at 1-1 and both teams would get a point more for sure . 
  besides the first point , nothing has something to do with fifa but falls under uefa . 
  and the english fa/uefa/fifa cant ban foreign ( european ) players from playing in england or limit it at all . 
  dont think so . 
  he went to paris right before the euros started . 
  better than italy and then france . 
  after spain there would be portugal/wales/belgium as the semi finals opponent . 
  the official conference is at 16:00, 
  he stil played as a winger at terek for the big majority of his games there . 
  it 's very likely that he is currently the most expensive polish playertransfer . 
  edit : ok he was free . 
  my bad . 
  especially if you consider the fact that tsubasa ends up at fc barcelona, 
   also , it seems that right now , the u.k. is putting a lot more into the eu than it 's getting out of it . 
  it pays more money than it receives . 
  it could probably do a better job brokering it 's own trade deals . 
  yeah , that 's not truth . 
  the eu market is the most important one fore the uk and right now they have a pretty good deal . 
  just look at norway or swizerland . 
  both of them pay hundreds of millions and have to follow all the eu regulations , just for the ability to be able to deal with the eu . 
  if uk leaves the eu , they will have to pay so much more than they do currently and will stil have to follow the rules made by the eu , but will have no power at all in making this rules . 
  and about the non-eu partners . 
  how can the uk make better deals , than the eu , the worlds biggest economy ? 
   if it does n't work , the eu will still be right there , right where you left it , if you want to rejoin . 
  nono , that 's not how it works . 
  right now the uk has a special snowflake status with stuff like that uk rebate and other opt-outs , that they were able to get . 
  if they would try to join the eu again , they would have to pay at least $ 6.2 billion ( that 's just the uk rebate ) more per year . 
  not such a great deal anymore for them , is n't it ? 
  well , the reason why they joined the eea is simply to be able to trade with the biggest economy in the world . 
  why they did n't join the eu instead ? 
  mostly due to the fishing industry . 
  yeah , no way my heart could take that . 
  but they will stil have to deal with that , if they want to trade with the world 's biggest economy that also is their direct neighbour and their biggest export market . 
  there is only a handfull of cards in yugioh that are better than pot of greed . 
  if it comes to raw draw power and cycling cards , pot of greed is the best one , simply due to the fact that it does +1 without any costs . 
  if it would n't have been banned , there would be no single deck that would n't use it . 
  especially because there is no limit for the amount of cards in your deck . 
  so it doesnt matter if you play 40 , 41 or 42 cards if you want to . 
  you can use 3 copies of the same card , except some cards that are banned or limited to 1 or 2 pieces per deck . 
  they change tho , every 3 months with a new restricted list . 
  even the u21 worldcup should be above the olympics . 
  # 350m a week for the nhs ... oh wait ... 
  vienna is a cultural melting pot and works great . 
  actually it was only his first appearance and first goal in the polish league . 
  he debuted and scored in the el qualification . 
  he is obviously the hound, 
  miliks best move this game was to dodge that ball for kuba, 
  kuba is the standard polish nickname for jakub . 
  kapustka is suspended for this game, 
  just google for goalkeeper goals and you will find your answer . 
  let me tell you about the confederations cup ... 
  well there is a reason why there are n't that many jews anymore in poland . 
  just before the euros the rules got changed by fifa, 
  i wouldnt be mad about that . 
  at least you got the first letters right for the poland - iceland finale .
