   maybe they would face prison back home , maybe not , but the judge is n't a fortune teller and it becomes a judgment call balanced with how important it is to deport them . 
  it 's never based on how important it is to deport them , but if there is a chance that the their home state will ignore human rights or not . 
   another judge may say the law requiring them be deported supersedes the law restricting deportations and bam , they 're gone . 
  that 's not possible either . 
  there is a clear tier list of laws and the echr and eu law have priority over english law . 
  google is a monopoly . 
  so was microsoft . 
  apple is not a monopoly and the eu does n't treat it like one . 
  the eu does n't hate american tech companies . 
  it hates all companies that have a monopoly . 
   sms is till charged in cents per message . 
  no it 's not . 
  most if not all contracts give you unlimited sms . 
   wireless data service is spotty , expensive . 
  i pay 17 $ and get 17gb data service . 
   uber , airbnb are banned pretty much anywhere in the eu . 
  they are not banned . 
  but they have to follow the rules that everyone else has to follow too . 
   only recently can you carry a cell data plan bought in one country into another country . 
  well that 's not europe . 
  that was the eu . 
  and you are aware of the fact that your american plan is n't international either . 
   that 's pretty much all i can say . 
  that does n't surprise me at all . 
  you have no idea about this topic at all . 
  linking a wikipedia article is all you could do ? 
  the eu has laws . 
  this laws define what a monopoly is . 
  google is active in the common market , so they have to follow this laws . 
  [ here is the official eu statement wiht reasoning . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-1784_en.htm ), 
  and here are the key points, 
  google is dominant in general internet search markets throughout the european economic area . 
  google has abused this market dominance by giving its own comparison shopping service an illegal advantage . 
  you are probably surprised that the eu has another legal defintion of monopoly than wikipedia , but that 's how it works . 
  one wikipedia page ca n't explain the world to you . 
  a monopoly does n't need 100 % marketshare . 
  it needs to have a dominant position . 
  google has such a position in `` general internet search '' . 
  they abused that position . 
  that 's why they are fined . 
  fifa did n't break any eu laws . 
  individuals did break laws and you need to prosecute them . 
  the eu has no rights to prosecute in criminal cases . 
  that 's stil in the sphere of the member states . 
  that 's why the eu does nothing against fifa . 
  i hope i cleared it up for you . 
   i do n't know , obama had the lowest gdp growth rate since carter . 
  he also had to cope with the biggest financial crisis since the great depression . 
  he will end his career at gornik zabrze . 
  depending on how long he will stay in japan i doubt it that he will go to the mls, 
  no he did not . 
  gornik is for him as important as k\u00f6ln . 
  if you are gon na do that you can pirate it anyway . 
  way less hassle, 
  has marvel good female characters that are n't x-men ? 
  is it more lex tho ? 
  tower of babel . 
  brother eye . 
  forever evil . 
  final crisis . 
  superman/batman that one supergirl story . 
  batman had been fighting gods more often than lex i would day . 
  i do n't think so . 
  from a storywise point of view thomas wayne served his purpose . 
  he told bruce to stop and bringing him back would make the whole button arc irrelevant, 
  last week pique ( the guy on the right ) tweeted `` he stays '' , meaning that neymar ( the guy on the left ) will stay at his club fc barcelona , after rumors of him leaving for paris saint-germain broke out . 
  today it was confirmed that he is indeed leaving his old team for psg . 
  it 's also the biggest transfer in soccer history by far . 
  i should have done that sure , but i assumed that most of the people would know what it 's about and would not need an explanation . 
  why do you have to be such a stereotype american ? 
  neymar is one of the most famous athletes in the world right now . 
  it 's the biggest transfer in the biggest sport , so it 's quite a big deal even for americans . 
  i guarantee you that more than 10 % of reddit knows who he is or what 's it about . 
  at least it 's more known thant the scaramucci post , that had no explanation either . 
  dembele to hertha ? 
  yeah thats why l said it . 
  there is no better city to party or do stuff in europe than berlin . 
  let 's not forget legia last season . . a draw against real madrid in the cl is something that would have seem impossible, 
  zack snyder wasnt kicked out . 
  he was injured for 2 straight years and stil managed to make a comeback like nobody else, 
  allied forces = / = usa, 
  and the hawks . 
  afterall dream is their grandson, 
  no its not . 
  nazi ideology is the antithesis of enlightment and western values . 
  thats why its banned in most european countries, 
  we didnt because thats impossible . 
  but wenn agreed that nazism stands against our values and has no right to exist, 
  nobody forbids you to think what you want , but you are n't allowed to express this thoughts to the outside , because this whole ideology is nothing but hate against other human beings . 
  allowing such views would go against the dignity of all the peoples who lost their lives by nazis , all the people who fought against the nazis , all the people who survived them and all the people neonates are hating against . 
  there is no place for nazism or the expression of such views in our society . 
  yeah fp\u00f6 is pretty far right . 
  because we as a society should not be defined by our worst . 
  no they did not hate germany . 
  most austrians felt as germans before and during the war . 
  theyve joined germany on their own accord . 
  a constitution should be able to evolve, 
  luckily its not just mine opinion , but the opinion of a big majority of the world . 
  eye for an eye is a concept that even christianity deemed as outdated .
