how many do finland actually take on ? 
  i recently visited budapest and the buildings really had a lot of history as most where quite run down and you could still see bullet holes in a few from wars and uprisings . 
  at the same time they where beautiful and it was easy to imagine it being the center of a large empire just a hundred years ago . 
  it is sobering to see something like that and think about what soviet/russian/communist oppression can lead to . 
  no problem . 
  the local elections are done at the same time as parliamentary elections . 
  once every four years . 
  true , and i still believe that they do . 
  we have * one * data point that say they are correct on their polling when it comes to sd , albeit a strong one . 
  compare this to our academic experience of poll with millions of data points , i 'm skewed towards the results that follow that experience . 
   ! remind me 3 years nope , sorry ... 
  i guess the eu parliament election will be sooner . 
  of course , if we 're lucky , the current government might fall sooner ... 
  in hitting the mark on sd for that one election . 
  yes their method worked . 
  but since it failed when it came to the other partys results and it is not based on statistical science we have very little that indicates that the numbers they are presenting for sd now are actually correct . 
  this might be especially true as sd has since the election become much more accepted in swedish society . 
  people freely register on their web site and get to vote . 
  their polling hit closer to the point as their results are skewed towards sd compensating for the factor that people do not like to confess voting for sd . 
  but thats more of a lucky guess as their results for the other partys where wrong . 
  their selection base is simply flawed . 
  sentios polls are often considered flawed as they use web votes . 
  compared to the other polling institutes they give sd higher results than they actually have . 
  edit : people * freely * register on their web site and get to vote in their polls . 
  how can this be an appropriate representation of the people in a country ? 
  nor was there civilians there . 
  it was members of the gang . 
  that is the big difference here and what i 'm pointing out . 
  the motorcycle gangs did attack civilians . 
  the thing with grenades is that they are specifically made to kill and injure people . 
  using an rpg on a lonely club house is imo not as bad as throwing grenades in densely populated neighborhood . 
  as i understood it the locale was at a rather remote location . 
  and the risk is much smaller for civilians than a handgranade in the street . 
  they had some kind of ethics . 
  like not throwing grenades in the middle of neighborhoods . 
  taxing inheritance is rather ineffective as it is easy to work around . 
  this is especially true if you 're already wealthy as the wealth is normally bound in corporations that are passed on well before death . 
  and unless you tax gifts as well the money will be given in smaller amounts prior to death . 
  so it effectively become a tax on sudden deaths and on those that are not wealthy enough to work around the system . 
  he 's not . 
  how can it not make sense to you ? 
  sweden takes on a lot more refugees . 
  it is not about economy , it is about getting asylum . 
  i 'm way to lazy to read the study today , but [ this paper ] ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/nbk62583/ ) might offers a few explanations . 
  oh i 'm sure it does , just not enough to warrant the segregation . 
  i blame the ipads . 
  removing the so called `` smartest '' kids from normal schools lowers the performance of all the `` normal '' kids significantly while not really making that much of a difference for the kids at the elite schools . 
  a country do not need a few extremely high performing workers but many well performing . 
  i would have guessed it was norway actually . 
  but i guess this all depends on whatever government is in charge at the moment . 
  18th century churches is closer to the norm . 
  now if it would have been a * new * church in finland . 
  that would be something !, 
  to give a little more context . 
  the weather at the time was very bad and there where 6 m ( 20 feet ) high waves . 
  i also dare say that it was a national tragedy to sweden , estonia and finland that have been ingrained in our minds . 
  852 people lost their life . 
  you should check out the documentary that p3 did . 
  very gripping . 
  not in the article , but in a comment further down . 
  this was quite a few years ago , the us hired one of swedens subs , crew and all for a year . 
  during a war game the swedish sub managed to sink the uss reagan . 
  no , atm they are trying to pin this on all men . 
  just like with the paris attack they cover their ears and scream as loud as they can about a related , but different , issue . 
  so how does it compare to a not so tax liberal country as the uk ? 
  yup , that is exactly what america says . 
  there is no discussion at all about it over there . 
  at first i wanted to say that what you said was untrue . 
  in sweden it has in the last years become taboo thanks to the `` afro swedish union '' . 
  but hell , we can hardly be seen as a representative of europe any more . 
  maybe , i where pretty much paraphrasing . 
  in relation to grown up men sitting around drinking coffee . 
  nothing more really ... 
  they 're just now saying that the suspect is seriously injured and is being operated on . 
  edits : * the hospital is also saying that one of the victims have died . 
  * according to swedish radio the school is rather ethnically/culturally mixed ( for everyone who loves speculating in that stuff ) * according to swedish radio there has been problems with a caf\u00e9 located in the school that is open to the public . 
  because of this there have been problem with children feeling unsafe . 
  * ~ ~ according to hospital there are no kids among the victims . 
  but the victims are young . ~ ~ * one 11-year old and one 15-year old is being operated on . 
  * according to the hospital the victim who died is an adult . 
  this was however at the site . 
  * ~ ~ according to tt ( swedish ap ? ), 
  the suspects is 20-something . ~ ~ * according to the police the suspect is a 21 year old man living in the city . 
  * one of the injured boys have died . 
  * ~ ~ according to swedish radio a neighboring school received a threat yesterday . ~ ~ denied by the police . 
  * according to a civilian being interviewed the injured children are somali and the teacher killed was ~ ~ arab ~ ~ arab speaking . 
  * according to the police the suspect have died . 
  * ~ ~ i might have missheard : according to the police there are multiple bodies left in the school . ~ ~ no one else is reporting this ... 
  that is very debatable . 
  my thought as well , very androgynous . 
  conscription never ended tough , but the training of new conscripts did . 
  this is probably changing however . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's for part time soldiers , not `` gmu '' . 
  mostly no , the numbers are very low . 
  however , it does bring the military closer to the generals public again . 
  yes i know . 
  it is my comment on the validity of the later text . 
  i would say that the wikipedia article ise n't completely unbiased ... 
  comparing them ( us ? ),
