no idea why you 're getting downvoted to hell but you 're right . 
  alt least from what i can see everyday . 
  there used to be a lot of toyotas but they newer ones are now focus estates . 
  our local one is now a focus estate having replaced an earlier avensis . 
  one of the area cars is a corolla though . 
  cork city cops have a few nissan terranos and believe it or not a bmw x5 . 
  i think the x5 was seized from some drug dealer or gangster though . 
  hp , ibm , intel , emc all have huge manufacturing facilities here . 
  up until recently so too did dell . 
  i think by computers they mean i.t. 
  hardware/software and services . 
  after all google , facebook , linkedin , vmware , ebay , oracle , microsoft all have their european hq here . 
  and apple of course . 
  dell also still have a substantial presence here too . 
  * edit - i accidentally a word . 
  yes . 
  probably because it would have been nice to give the contract to another european country ? 
  danish troll is best troll !, 
  it 's where my missus is from , 
  mine - i 'm irish : * most trustworthy : sweden * least trustworthy : greece * most arrogant : france * least arrogant : sweden * most compassionate : portugal * least compassionate : germany, 
  it 's not implemented yet but it will take effect for the second half of this year . 
  i ca n't disagree with you except for the social democrat part . 
  i would n't consider myself to be right wing in the slightest but i 'm very much not left wing . 
  i 'm reminded of two sayings about socialism that crop up all the time . 
  * a socialist is someone who has feck all and wants to share it with everyone . 
  * socialism is great until you run out of other people 's money . 
  water privitisation imho is definitely not on the cards . 
  they 've completely fucked that up as it is . 
  rail privatisation on the other hand might not be a bad thing . 
  rail infrastructure here is pure crap unless you live in and around dublin . 
  it could definitely do with some investment and that 's not going to come from government . 
  why ? 
  things are great here . 
  relatively speaking that is . 
  unemployment is down , tax take is up . 
  consumer spending is increasing . 
  every second fecker on the road has a 151 or 152 reg car ( except me ) . 
  this is a great country . 
  i 'm still paying a little bit more tax than i 'd like especially the usc but them 's the breaks . 
  homelessness is still an issue though particularly worrying is the number of families homeless . 
  that 's probably my only shame over this government 's lifetime so far . 
  does that include the cost of the helicopter i wonder ? 
  was out on the tear one night in carlow and i was quite surprised . 
  great town for a night out . 
  very under-rated . 
  i 'm an average irish person and things are way better than they were 4 years ago . 
  6 years ago i was on the dole after being made redundant . 
  i 'm back on a level footing once again and have more disposable income now than at anytime in the last 8 years . 
  edit : forgot to add my age . 
  i 'm 40 now so was 32 when the shit hit the anglo irish bank fan . 
  my missus is from there !, 
  i was in the pub so i accidentally managed to watch all of it . 
  it was incredible !, 
  the torch lighting at the end was just phenomenal . 
  i think they did a great job of silencing all doubters . 
  cork county, 
  ireland - cork county, 
  ah belgium - probably the most inoffensive country in the e.u. 
  functioning relatively well despite only having a caretaker government . 
  wonderful beer and chocolate - belgium is the one country we can not allow fail !, 
  indeed . 
  someone is going to make a lot of money before this is all over in a few years and it wo n't be the ordinary irish , greek , portuguese , italian or spanish person . 
  of course . 
  i was n't trying to dissuade anyone from buying greek products so i apologise if it came across that way . 
  one of the main tenets of the e.u. 
  project was to get all member states dependent on each other . 
  so yes , i agree whole heartedly that buying exports from our neighbours helps the working man . 
  yep . 
  we 're all in the same boat . 
  ireland , greece , italy and portugal . 
  our troubles here in ireland have been compounded by the implosion of our construction industry which caused our unemployment rate to increase dramatically . 
  as for corruption - we have that here in droves . 
  our former prime minister ( taoiseach ) was once finance minister and he did n't even have a bank account !, 
  ireland have pushed through some severe austerity measures also . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  this december it is expected another $ 4bn of cuts will be made . 
  what we have in common with greece is a large public sector that is hard to get rid of . 
  but ours is nowhere as large as the greek public sector . 
  however the general public here see we really have no choice we either just accept what we have to do no matter how bitter the after taste or our country just implodes !, 
  we have a population of just over 4.5 m , we 're on the very edge of europe and we have almost 500,000 unemployed . 
  so you might get an idea of how $ 4bn of cuts will affect us combined with the $ 10bn or so already implemented . 
  but there is a slight bright light at the end of our very dark tunnel and the vast majority of the irish public are aware of that and accept what has to be done . 
  so far our austerity measures seem to be working . 
  i just ca n't help but think that if the greek people on a whole can accept what needs to be done like we did then the sooner things will improve . 
  why ? 
  to fund an overbloated civil service ? 
  to fund a country where tax evasion is the national sport and corruption is rife ? 
  and a country that has no intention whatsoever to implement any austerity measures ? 
  the ecb and the imf walked out in exasperation of greece just last week withholding yet more funds . 
  i 'm irish and i have been unemployed for almost 4 years until recently finding employment again through a minor miracle . 
  i 've suffered through cutback after cutback and now i 'm busy paying my taxes and a stupid `` universal social charge '' to pay to bail out banks and developers and those that got us in to this mess in the first place . 
  i 'm not protesting on the streets like the majority of the irish . 
  we are getting our heads down and getting on with it and suffering because there is a bigger picture . 
  namely rioting and protesting wo n't get us out of the mess we are in and we can see that and the greek people should see that too . 
  get the head down take the measures and ensure that something like this never happens again . 
  i do agree that the working people of greece should be supported as well as the unemployed but a line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  by all means let the good people of reddit buy greek , but let them buy irish too , and portuguese , spanish and italian too because greece is well and truely on it 's way to defaulting as a result of complete inaction and it means that the rest of use will have to suffer more as a result . 
  filled up yesterday . 
  ( ireland ) . 
  63 litres and it cost me $ 97 .
