being on minimum wage is london is surely better than not working at all in italy ? 
  it 's not so simple . 
  there are two kinds of people moving to england for work : the first is the one looking for better career opportunities ( the so called brain drain ) , the second , and most common , are the young unemployeds that are unable to find a job in their field of choice and decide that moving abroad for a while , working on a shitty job , is much better than working on the same shitty job whilst living with their parents . 
  you get to see the world , to improve your english hoping that it would help you on the italian job market , and to get away for a while from the glooming thoughts of failure that are hovering over you in italy . 
  most of them move to england with the idea of coming back after brief formative experience abroad , and indeed they 'll do . 
  why the number of italians in the uk is raising if most of them come back ? 
  because more are leaving and because more are choosing the uk as a destination : only ten years ago it seemed that every italian graduate wanted to leave berlusconi 's italy and move to zapatero 's spain ; unless they get married or they find a good career opportunity they 'll come back , working on low payed jobs in your home country is much easier than rebuilding your lifestyle around low payed jobs abroad . 
  our bureaucrats are not stupid , at the moment they 're choosing the design for the commemorative plaque they will send to the guy in a couple of years , when the lady will be back in brazil with half of his dead father 's money . 
  ( they 'll probably go for a silver-plated tray with `` you cunt . 
  sincerely , italy '' written on it ), 
  here 's a rough translation ( i do n't really speak french )  ** you 've had some doubts about the effectiveness of european sanctions against moscow , why ? 
  **  the topic is in the commission 's and foreign affair council 's agendas . 
  we can choose to keep , to strengthen or to loosen the sanctions depending on the developments on the ground . 
  on the economical level , they work . 
  the important question is about their effectiveness on a political level . 
  to say : are they able to change the russian political attitude ? 
  the question is still open and the final answer has to come from russia , but european countries need to answer it too . 
  i think the main problem in italy is the quality of information we get from television : most of the people still use it as their main sources of information , and while on the news the real numbers concerning unemployment are often repeated , we have each day two or more political talk shows where news are debated in a very polarized fashion . 
  even if the news tells very clearly that the unemployment rate has grown to 12.6 % , for the subsequent weeks we have to listen to politicians screaming `` the government is killing us , everyone is losing his jobs '' on prime time television , and the perception ends overshadowing reality . 
  in italy , the noise to data ratio is unbelievably over the top . 
  same thing for the web , people read the real numbers on the newspaper and then those are drowned by the hundreds of polarized comments they read on their facebook wall . 
  i think that in countries where political debate is less polarized and the news are n't always read through the lens of a permanent political fight , like sweden or germany , the perception of the world is far less influenced by the noise . 
  the us has some of the best newspapers in the world ( unlike us ) but i think is dealing with the same state of widespread delusion for similar reasons , and people in france and spain seems to show a similar perception shift where the more a topic is debated ( in their case muslim population / unemployment ) , the more people become distant from real figures and start listening and repeating what they heard through background noise . 
  it 's a matter of political history , spain changed drastically after franco , while the christian democrats ruled italy for decades and even now the parliament and all the main parties are full of former dc politicians . 
  the left wing never really managed to form a government without the support of some former dc groups , and even then they get constantly shitted on by the vatican , who happened to be extremely vocal against good christian , center left prime minister romano prodi and extremely friendly with crazy sinner berlusconi . 
  prodi tried to pass a very mild law on civil partnerships many years ago and it made his government fall apart . 
  right now , renzi is a catholic boy scout so he moved back from the request for gay marriages to the promise of a law on german style civil partnerships . 
  on the positive side there 's that he reduced a lot the political power of the former dc groups inside his party and that he does n't kiss bishops ' asses ( they already started campaigning against him ) , but the government is yet another coalition with a center-right party so good luck on getting their approval . 
  meanwhile , berlusconi new girlfriend goes to gay clubs and makes public statements in favor of gay marriages and adoptions , but his party and base is full of homophobes so he keeps silent on the topic . 
  the five star movement and the extreme left will say `` marriage or nothing '' and vote against the civil partnership law ( fuck yeah ) . 
  great . 
  we spend thousands of years building up a nice collection of religious temples , we hire apollodoro , we hire michelangelo , we hire borromini ... then bam !, 
  the mormons come to rome and erect the ugliest piece of shit humanity has ever glanced . 
  well thank you mormons , now everything is ruined , * e-ve-ri-thing . 
   where are the ` good ' places to be an immigrant in italy ? 
  frankly , i do n't know ( beside the fact that the local support to the lega nord or extreme right parties is a good indicator of the open mindness of a place ) . 
  the main problem is that many immigrants are first generation , work on low wages job and have connections mainly with their communities , so there 's still not much daily interaction between immigrants and middle class italians . 
  people are afraid of what they do n't know so many italians , when thinking of immigrants , think of the africans or southern asians trying to sell crap in the streets , or bank robbers they heard of on the news . 
  then a eastern european family moves next door , or a northern african artisan comes to fix stuff in their houses , or they hire a polish lady to take care of their elders , and they can be extremely tolerant with them . 
  my 80 years old uncle would tell you that `` immigrants are bad '' , and at the same time deeply respected the lady that took care of his mother and often shares a joyful banter with the moroccan guy living at the end of the street . 
  it 's easy to put every one that thinks like my uncle under the `` racist '' umbrella , the truth is that he does n't care about nationality , he 's just generally scared because of the few encounters he had with foreigners , two included theft and assault . 
  fifty years ago the `` dangerous social group '' would be the immigrants from the south and before that the local poors . 
  back to the question , i think many immigrants living around me live a pretty decent life and are n't really hurt by the occasional rude asshole , then of course there 's the black guy that rings on my bell every week asking for some coins , who 's life is probably even shittier than i imagine . 
  my cousin 's sons are mixed race , their father was almost adopted by a local family when he came here and i do n't really think that italy is a bad place for them to be ( definitely better than growing up in a `` ghetto '' in supposedly less racist countries ) . 
  so . . my ikea cabinet sucks dicks because i 've built it ? 
  also , an example on how a single intolerant cunt , or a small group of them , can ruin a whole community . 
  i do n't think that they are islamophobes ( in the crazy paranoid way some redditors are ) , they are just plain xenophobes : they basically hate everyone that comes from anywhere south of rome or east of trieste . 
  especially if they are women in a role of power , because they 're also terrible chauvinists . 
  skin color , accents , religion , gender is just their easy way to reinforce their us vs them narration . 
  islamophobic thinks that all the muslim , from indonesia to albania , are beheading extremists that want to impose their rules over us ; lega nord xenophobes do n't care about that because for them `` we eat pork , they do n't '' is a sufficient reason for hating someone . 
  yes , great move microsoft . 
  nokia brand perception in italy = great quality , long lasting products ( really , i just bought a lumia for my father and while reading reviews the phrase `` this bit is great , but that 's not surprising since it 's a nokia '' came up quite a lot ) windows brand perception = be ready to bash your head on the keyboard . 
  edit : btw : windows phone 8.1 is better than android ( for a dad-phone ) and i 'm more than ok with having nokia working with it, 
  oh it was a trip organized by my parish when i was an altar boy ( no regrets ) . 
  did n't even asked for my soul to be saved , to be honest , i was n't a very spiritual servant of god . 
  the place is interesting , my father thought that behind all the crap there was a deep sense of faith , but to me it was just a whole lot of humanity , at his best and at his worst . 
  also , `` never go on a trip organized by nuns '' is the most important lesson that those survivalist experts on tv never tell you : on the way to lourdes , we had 2 nuns falling while trying to jump on a running train , breaking their legs . 
  thankfully no one died , so we can now all enjoy the irony of it . 
  oh , it 's already full of germans , who do you think buys the crap they sell there ? 
  san marino is pretty much a standard italian old hilltop town , only stripped of the usual peaceful and enriching old town lifestyle , which has been substituted by stores selling the worst crap on heart ( e.g. 
  stupid crossbow and medieval swords replicas ) . 
  lourdes is one of the most alienating places on earth : somewhen and somehow the holy mary appeared to young shepherdess living there , so they built a huge sanctuary on it where you can go and pray and wash your self in its holy waters hoping that a miracle will free you from an illness . 
  the sanctuary is the closest thing to a catholic disneyland : huge , massively crowded , there are the towers with spires , costume characters ( well , nuns and priests from many different orders ) and the daily and night parades . 
  the city surrounding it is more like an agglomeration of cheap catholic themed hotel ad the crappiest and most blasphemous merchandise shops : you can get glow-in-the-dark biblical figures , holy mary shaped containers so you can bring the magical waters with you ( some can carry ridiculously high quantity of it ) , holographic jesus , musical jesus , flickering led jesus , happy handsome jesus , dead suffering jesus etc. 
  the people in lourdes is the most interesting bit , you get a very huge and different portrayal of humanity : people of many nationalities dying from many different terminal illness , clergymen , loud and obnoxious groups , lone and perplexed tourists , children , old people , the pious and hardworking volunteer that patiently carries the sick people around and the greedy woman who 's blind to all the real pain that surrounds her and only cares about filling bottles with shitload of magical water so she can be relieved for her nonexistent problems . 
  it did n't save my soul . 
  the austrian movie about it is quite good . 
  the putin style is probably more manly , our troops just stop there , then are escorted by a san marino traffic officer outside the country 's borders while the san marino diplomats starts issuing official complains . 
  pretty much like any other italian military campaign , to be honest . 
  just because no one cares about it . 
  our military forces are constantly invading it ( with muuuch whining on their part ) because they forget it exists and randomly cross it 's borders while trying to get to the other side . 
  in the [ picture ] ( http://www.smtvsanmarino.sm/img/news/96026_g.jpg ) : our army accidentally invading a neighbor country because the sat nav lady told them to . 
  it 's a yacht harbor and a formula 1 circuit surrounded by ugly buildings inhabited by millionaire tax evaders and ruled by wankers . 
  when the hideous and insulting grace of monaco biopic ( a sweet fairytale about the defense of tax evasion ) debuted at cannes this year , critics should have just exited the cinema , marched into monaco and shat on his ground . 
  i 'm joking . 
  but really , france , just guillotine the wankers , burn the yachts and claim back your land . 
  and stop the f1 thing , cause since we 're no more good at it , we discovered it 's a terribly stupid sport . 
  milan is ok , rome has indeed too many tourists around some landmarks but it has so much to offer to be considered a tourist trap : it 's not like you travel to rome to see the trevi fountain , you go to experience the city and sometimes you walk by a nice piazza full of annoying people , take a photo of the landmark and move on . 
  it 's the same for all the european capitals . 
  edit : thank god many tourist only do the very famous bits , so there 's plenty to see without the feeling of being landed in disneyland . 
  - places that would be fucking awesome without all the tourists shouting `` this really is a tourist trap !, 
  '' : venice , mont saint-michel , rothenburg - places that should be erased from the map via military intervention : san marino , monaco , lourdes . 
  plus dozens of ugly costal towns that survive on cheap and drunk party tourism . 
  i think she 's great and she 's actually doing a way better job , as a foreign minister , than her predecessor , the vastly experienced but completely absent [ emma bonino ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emma_bonino ) . 
  the accusations of being pro-russia are nonsense , by the way . 
  - people living in l'aquila experienced for many months a swarm of hundreds of small earthquakes and feared for a big one . 
  - a charlatan claimed he could forecast earthquakes by reading radon gas levels , and started receiving big media coverage . 
  - to keep the population from panicking , the chief of protezione civile held a special big risk assesment commission : some of the commission 's members , wanting to calm the growing panic and to shut up the fucking charlatan , released very reassuring statements which underestimated the possibility of a big earthquake . 
  - the big shock came , killing many . 
  - some citizens , who lost their loved ones in the quake , said that it was the experts ' statements that halted their plans to leave town ( probably made after hearing the charlatan ) , and started a legal action against them . 
  - the judge reviewed the past research from the seismologists ( describing a very high seismic risk in the area ) and compared it to their public statements in which they reassured the population , and found them guilty of delivering `` inexact , incomplete , and contradictory information '' that led to the death of many . 
  the article is actually a good read , it analyzes some of the contradictions surrounding the case , but it misses many layers of its complexity . 
  for example it does n't really capture the state of panic the population was living under , the subsequent need for the political class to calm down the water , the grief , the anger for something that could have been avoided with better regulations , the media giving voices to idiots etc, 
  the peace and security index is a fucking joke . 
  i do n't think the problem is that our bilateral relationship and mutual interests are damaged by the exclusion of russia from the g8 , the motivations gave by the ambassador for wanting them back seem perfectly clear and reasonable :  both because we must keep open all channels of dialogue and because russia is a fundamental partner for the discussion and solution of important crises , such as the middle east peace process , iran and syria, 
  he was not convicted and it was n't a corruption case . 
  it 's a pain to dechiper the legal language and to try to translate it , but to sum up the stuff you posted , the government of the province of florence was accused of giving a directorial job to a group of four people instead of a single person , wasting money . 
  the judge initially excluded from the case the whole political side of the government ( including renzi ) because they were n't directly responsible of the hiring process , while 4 government technicians were asked to pay a big fine . 
  after they appealed , renzi and a couple others were put back in the case and will have to take part to the next stage of judgement , in september . 
  so , from page 16 it appears that all the candidates where recognized by more than 70 % of their fellow citizens , except the two germans who ca n't reach the 50 % and seems to be more famous in italy than in their own country .
