  wtf ? 
  wow , poland is a truly conservative country . 
  [ here 's the italian one ] ( http://www.brundisium.net/brun/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/scheda-europee.jpg ) you have to cross the party logo , then you can write down up to three candidates names . 
  if i 'm not wrong , pd is the most voted party in europe ( 11 millions votes ), 
  [ infographic : map showing abstention per country in the 2014 european parliament elections ] ( https://twitter.com/afp/status/470712532291047424/photo/1 ), 
   if grillo wins the tradition will continue it 'll get worse . 
  other countries do n't understand how bad every election day is , here in italy . 
  your candidates are just boring politicians with slightly different views on the world , i have to get drunk and watch my party lose , year after year , to a fucking bunch of evil clowns . 
  we never win . 
  in my life i 've had bad days , sad days , and then election days ( drunkenness , panic , self-loathing , paranoia , screaming , alienation , depression ) . 
  here , in emilia romagna , it 's usually very nice and polite people . 
  mainly british and german older couples , sometimes families , who have already been in italy many times . 
  you meet them in restaurants and they usually know what to expect and what they want , and ask explanations about what they do n't know . 
  sometimes they even speak a little italian to make the tourist-waiter relations more smooth . 
  in rome it 's the opposite : clueless people everywhere , lots of poorly dressed americans , people eating in restaurants with their baseball cap on their head , ordering two pasta dishes , backpacks , fanny packs , huge asian groups . 
  speaking of italian tourists , you get the obnoxious groups or the stereotypical italian family . 
  they can be spotted from distance : the dad is wearing tod 's shoes , light colored trousers , a tucked in polo shirt , and carrying a green tourist guide . 
  the mother is dressed better , but sometimes she 's wearing brand new , shiny , tennis shoes that does n't really go with her foulard . 
  the kid has a sweater over his shoulders , because his parents told him it 's the cool thing . 
  the older daughter is your too-posh-for-you high school classmate , and will end up marrying a guy that looks just like her dad . 
  well , that 's great if you want to be sure your grandparents did n't vote for that nice guy silvio they 've seen on television , who promised free dentures for all the old people . 
   marco travaglio , arguably europe 's greatest journalist hahahahahaha do n't waste any time reading this , it 's just a bunch of insinuations sold as facts . 
  who , by the way , is a populist attention whore , not europe 's greatest journalist : a right wing man , his mentor was the director of the berlusconi 's family newspaper . 
  in a time when anti-berlusconism gave work and fame to many , he became the most fervent one . 
  he made himself a career on a popular political talk-show , where every week he read long and harsh opinion pieces , made by stitching together quotes from judicial documents and mere insinuations ( a has been seen talking with b , enemy of a , so a is clearly working for b ) . 
  he founded a newspaper , `` the daily fact '' ( because everything that comes from his mouth or pen is supposed to be a fact , despite his many lost trials for defamation ) , focused on politics with highly sensationalistic and populist tones . 
  then berlusconi fell , but do n't fear for poor marco , the loss of his biggest target did n't hurt him at all : over the years he never forgot his right-wing soul and never lost a chance to paint the left wing party as `` as bad as silvio '' , `` the ones that let him being silvio '' and so on . 
  over the years he also built a strong alliance with beppe grillo . 
  grillo gave him a space in his blog , his media agency published his books , and while travaglio was cultivating the hatred against the political class ( no one excluded ) on his newspaper , grillo started offering populist solutions with his shows in theaters and piazzas . 
  the rest is history , travaglio further moved his newspaper into anti-politicians and pro-grillo positions , leading to the resignation of his co-funder , and the democratic party became the designated enemy in their shared `` revolution '' ( not berlusconi , of course , who by the way gained a lot of consensus when , before the elections , destroyed travaglio on their first ever face-off on television ) . 
  so , this is briefly travaglio , * travaglio style * . 
  do you really think that italy , major industrial country , had an imminent risk of imploding , like greece ? 
  berlusconi was clearly a problem and if you asked me , in 2011 , if europe should have helped him out of that situation or if they should have forced him to resign , i would have answered the latter . 
  but i 'm just an italian that deeply despises him , not an european leader that shares with him the seats of the epp , in the european parliament . 
  you ca n't have an ally and then fuck him over . 
  or at least , when you want to get rid of berlusconi , you should have a look at the bigger picture where italy is the ally being fucked , and ponder about the consequences . 
  wait , there are two elements in this story : - the first , is that berlusconi was a joke and our economy was in a bad shape , and would have encountered serious problems without a series of unpopular reforms that berlusconi was n't willing to do . 
  - the second , are the many players on the international stage that used the berlusconi 's lack of credibility ( caused by sexual scandals ) to push us over the edge of the cliff . 
  the rapid surge of the btp-bund spread , that nearly brought the country to default , was forced by many independent entities that had much to gain from it : the conservative economic press and politicians wanting to push their agenda in europe , speculators having much to gain from low prices on features from a `` too big to fail country '' , merkel wanting to push austerity , investors hoping in the privatizations of major italian state-owned enterprises , and so on . 
  if you remember , tremonti ( minister of economy ) was already listening to europe 's demands and working on reforms . 
  we all wanted berlusconi to go , but we suffered and are still suffering more that we should have , from those attacks . 
  and if you notice , the same players are now using hollande 's lack of popular consensus to interfere with france 's economic agenda . 
  berlusconi was a danger , but europe should really work on strengthening his internal cohesion , protecting his weaker links from external attacks ( even stronger countries will benefit from that ) . 
   `` we 've been married for 45 years but it feels like a century . '', 
   `` what do you like the most about her ? '', 
   `` nothing . 
  and she does n't like anything about me either . 
  we found out that 's one thing we had in common and that 's a reason why we stick together . '', 
   `` you are the most self-mocking couple i 've ever met . '', 
   `` that 's another reason . '', 
   i showed him the [ photo ] ( https://scontent-a-mxp.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn2/t31.0-8/p180x540/10293681_515533298558721_1108333915938889890_o.jpg ) and he said ,  `` i look beautiful !, 
  she does n't , really ... ''  they both smiled . 
  i love this , most of my memories about my grandparents are funny banter and slapstick comedy ( she liked to hit him with a fly swat ) . 
  are computers sold by apple counted as irish exports ? 
  if you are into indie/alt rock , primavera sound in barcelona has always a great line-up . 
  you do n't get the full summer festival experience because there 's no camping area , but on the positive side this gives you an audience full of music fans instead of the usual bunch of drunk party-boys dressed in monkey costumes . 
  i 've said indie rock because that 's the target audience , but the lineup is usually more diversified , for example in this year [ line-up ] ( http://www.primaverasound.es/programacion ) you 'll find crazy jazz ( sun ra arkestra ) , tropicalia folk ( caetano veloso ) , techno legends ( laurent garnier ) , noise makers ( wolf eyes ), 
  ^ i ^ was ^ joking, 
  i 've been there a couple of times . 
  budapest is great , the lineup is not always exciting but there 's so much stuff going on in the island that you definitely wo n't regret the experience . 
  the stone roses gig in 2012 made my life better . 
  i always come back with fever . 
  speaking of european festivals , i 've only been to roskilde , primavera sound and sonar in barcellona , and even tough the music nerd in me wo n't admit it , sziget is still the funniest experience i had . 
  anyway , i had the impression that both the city and the festival were full of dutch people , is budapest a popular holiday location in the netherlands or it 's just me noticing them more because they seem to have twice of the body mass than me ? 
  it 's probably the plumber carrying a crowbar ( italy = super mario + thieves amrite ? ), 
  by reading the news and listening to the political debate , i sense that right now the major concerns about the thousands of africans coming from the sea are the safety of the immigrants and the economical and logistical problems of dealing with them , not the usual job stealing/rise of crimes bullshit . 
  the right wing populism is struggling ( berlusconi is trying to catch the dog-lovers vote ) , while the other populist party is focusing his propaganda on the war against the political class , and tries to avoid the immigration topic . 
  actually , the east/west division is far more common , at least for people born before the end of cold war . 
  the idea of south-europe is a result of the current crisis , culturally we would group ourself with the romance speaking countries . 
  since the two things are highly correlated , and the interviewed group is the same for both questions , i do n't see why we ca n't compare the answers . 
  `` i do n't care '' it 's not the same as `` i do n't think it 's a moral issue '' : you could care more about contraception than abortion ( it helps against the spreading of diseases ) , but thinking that the use of contraception has ethical implications while abortion has n't , does n't make much sense . 
  france : contraception use - 40 % not a moral issue abortion - 47 % not a moral issue i ca n't see any logic in this . 
   and , unfortunately , there are countless stories of travelers , mostly westerners , being thrown in jail for unknowingly smuggling drugs . 
  [ even very smart ones ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/10/magazine/the-professor-the-bikini-model-and-the-suitcase-full-of-trouble.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ), 
  i do n't know much about the s\u00fcdtiroler volkspartei , but in the national parliament they 've been allied with the left-wing for the past 20 years . 
  yes , the only problem is that we had this law for almost 10 years and some vendors still try to ignore it , helped by the confusion caused by the coexistence of two different warranties ( one offered by the producers and the mandatory 2yrs one for the sellers ) . 
  holy shit dude , have you lived in italy in the past 20 years ? 
  with an old audience and a clear pro-vatican and conservative bias . 
  rai 1 keeps producing endless saints bio-pics , their most popular show is about a priest , when they added a gay couple to a successful show ( un medico in famiglia ) complaints ensued . 
  and then rai always had a strong political bias , rai 3 is progressive , the other two are conservatives and pretty much full of people put there by berlusconi . 
  it 's not hard to understand that a left wing trangender politician hosting a reality show is way outside rai 's canons . 
  she 's a transgender lgbt activist ( and a very good one : smart , ironic , likable , the opposite of many other activists ) she became a member of the parliament , won a reality show and then became the host on a conservative and pro-vatican network like rai . 
  i think she knows exactly what she 's doing and that she expected being arrested . 
  letta 's government had many problems : a troubled start , it 's always been very precarious , many of its ministers were hit by * minor * scandals ( two resigned ) , the right-wing component was over-represented after berlusconi withdrew his support to the coalition , and as a result he was unable to cope with italy 's problems . 
  in the past 2 months , renzi became the leader of the democratic party and started a very ambitious reform project ( new election law and a rewriting of the constitution that will abolish the elective senate and reform the regions ' powers ) . 
  it 's a difficult process that needs long times and the support of all the main parties ( including the always untrustable berlusconi ) . 
  up until now renzi 's game was easy to understand , he supported letta but criticized his lack of results , and at the same time tried to score some points on his own by reforming the political system in a way that would avoid the current * impasse * , so he could then go to new elections and be able to form a proper government . 
  in the past weeks , letta lost the support of the industry federation , now is under attack from every side and probably unable to survive for another year ( needed for renzi 's reforms ) , the oppositions ( berlusoni and grillo ) are getting stronger , and renzi 's enemies inside the party kept asking him to get involved in the government instead of criticizing it ( so he could lose his popularity and they have more chances to regain the majority of the party in the next round ) . 
  why did he do exactly what all his enemies ( berlusconi , grillo , his party minority ) wanted ? 
  three things : - he 's popular , but if he goes to elections without a new election law he wo n't still be able to gain the majority of the parliament , and there 's the chance that his party will lose seats too . 
  - the current government seems unable to survive for another year and that will sink his reforms plan - he 's very ambitious and thinks he will be able to make it through , but the popular opinion is that he 's committing political suicide . 
  now he has to deal with a coalition similar to the one that did n't work for letta , a country that 's still in recession , and will be under the constant attack of two populist forces ( berlusconi and grillo ) that have a really strong grip on the public opinion ( with the help of italian medias that love to throw kerosene on the fire and know that populism sells ), 
  some years ago there was a similar case in italy , a massive scandal with 4 teachers accused of sexual violence , abuse and kidnapping , a trial that went on for 5 years , stayed on the news for the whole time and ended with everyone being acquitted . 
  media covered the case on the worst possible way , everyone in the country was sure that those people were guilty and absolutely evil ( hell , how could a randomly assembled group of people decide to start abusing children together ) . 
  only after years evidences started to seem a little shaky , and after the case was closed the life of everyone involved was ruined forever and you , as a spectator , had the feeling of being a monster ( but many people , including the children parents , still believe that the jury was wrong ) so , jagten is indeed a great piece of storytelling , all the important and complex dynamics of the case are wonderfully shown and analyzed , but if you already experienced the story , it loses part of its power and you see that many shortcuts were taken : - no media outlets amplifying and distorting everything , and making a profit out of it - the spectator knows from the start that the protagonist is innocent and so is never at the same level as the villagers . 
  he gets to judge their actions instead of experiencing a similar thought-process . 
  - the two fathers being friends makes it possible to end a terrible story with terrible consequences on a positive note , while in reality everyone loses except the ones who speculated on the story, 
  my top 10 for 2013 : 1 - the great beauty ( italy ) 2 - blue is the warmest color ( france ) 3 - fill the void ( israel ) 4 - the hunt ( denmark ) 5 - blancanieves ( spain ) 5 - stranger by the lake ( france ) 6 - the past ( france ) 7 - young and pretty ( france ) 8 - love is all you need ( denmark ) 9 - oh boy ( germany ) 10 - the broken circle breakdown ( belgium ) ( i excluded britain and included israel . 
  i also probably forgot something ), 
  can we please stop the `` italians are racist '' circlejerk now ?
