  there 's an high percentage of voters , in italy as in the us , that are just against the idea of taxation and regulations : they do n't care about welfare , public education and healthcare , they just do n't want the government 's hands in their pockets and over their business . 
  berlusconi 's party represents those people and the fact that he 's an idiot that 's destroying the country will remain less important , providing that he keeps promising of not raising the taxes and condoning their abuses , while the opposing parties are saying that taxes on wealth are needed . 
  - it 's not slovenia - 95 % of the times slovaks are mentioned in italy is because of the classic dad-joke `` there was a blind man ... - are you sure he was n't slovak ? '', 
  ( cieco = blind , ceco = czech ), 
  i 've never noticed before but those two parks opened my mind : cerd\u00e0 's grid = everything i 've ever built on sim city . 
  it 's probably because sinti communities have been in slovenia for much longer . 
  there are many sinti in northern italy who have been here for centuries and have italian names , some still choose to not blend with `` normal '' italians and to keep their culture , but they work , they send their children to school and their camps are closely followed by social workers and by the city government . 
  in the south i think it 's the same but with roma/italian groups . 
  the gypsy we see on the streets are usually roma clans coming from romania and bulgaria , with the status of illegal immigrants , poor knowledge of the language and surviving on illegal activities . 
  it 's a good thing that we invest and try to integrate the gypsies into society , but i still think that it should be perfectly fine if they want to keep their traditions and lifestyle , and that we should also try educate the population on who they really are and what they do , to free the good ones from the social stigma brought by the bad ones and give them the opportunity to have a decent job even if they live in a gipsy camp . 
  my top 5 films featuring marcello mastroianni : - [ 8\u00a01/2 ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0056801/ ) - federico fellini - `` the '' film about filmmaking - [ una giornata particolare ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0076085/ ) ( a special day ) - ettore scola - hitler is visiting rome , a naive fascist housewife ( sophia loren ) meets a strange lonely man - [ la grande bouffe ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0070130/ ) ( the big feast ) - marco ferreri - 4 men try to kill themselves by eating until they explode - [ i soliti ignoti ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0052216/ ) ( big deal on madonna street ) - mario monicelli - hilarious heist comedy - [ la decima vittima ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059095/ ) ( the 10th victim ) - elio petri - '60s / pop art/sci-fi/kitch hunger games grandfather, 
  `` italian factor '' my ass . 
  every big western company is constantly bribing asian/african administrations to win bidding processes , with governments keeping an eye closed . 
  lately there 's been a huge talk in italy because our court prosecuted finmeccanica for corrupting indian politicians , an unprecedented case in a world were bribery is part of the standard procedure . 
  but here the project is being financed by an american company and by insurance companies , not the indian government , there are of course big political and economical factors driving the choices that have been made , but corruption is quite a big claim . 
  also , claiming the ability to get the same result at one third of the price , means nothing if you fail to provide a detailed documentation . 
  i 'm always kind of surprised by how mainstream tourism in rome seems to skip the san luigi dei francesi church . 
  free entrance , no queue , 3 big breathtaking works from caravaggio . 
  beside that , there are plenty of small towns that are probably worth a stop more than pisa . 
  are all around prettier and do n't have that one trick pony / disneyland attraction vibe . 
  the strange thing is , an american tourist can enter europe without a visa or major hassles , but then , when he reenters his own country , some angry national security officer is probably going to treat him like a potential terrorist . 
  you also see a lot of white males complaining about reverse sexism and racism and getting more upvotes than the real victims of discrimination . 
  when a group of users makes up the large majority of the traffic , sometimes the opinions coming from their share of wankers become relevant too . 
  i get the idea , the school teach the children to swim to a decent and safe level , the parents do n't have to pay for private lessons , it 's perfectly fine . 
  but is it really so essential to make it compulsory ? 
  the group of people who statistically are less prone to drown while swimming are the ones who ca n't swim at all and do n't enter in the water to begin with , and it does n't happen really often that someone is in the condition of having to swim himself out of a natural disaster . 
  if the problem is just that swimming is part of the curriculum and it 's easier to say that everyone has to swim than starting to allow a number of exceptions that could undermine the proven solidity of the system , the solution is the usual : keep the rule , break the rule , no one is losing his job for not forcing a kid to enter a pool . 
  dude you should have played the card of the lazy whiny people with a rotting economy, 
  i 'm joking . 
  i can swim , most of the italian kids spend their summer vacation on the beach and learn to swim with their parents . 
  how does the pe works in germany ? 
  we had two hours to change in a kit , do what the teacher asked to and then change back and move to the next class , with no time for showers and thus having the physics class after p.e. 
  full of tired people smelling of teenager sweaty ball sacks . 
  i like to swim , i would n't be ok if the school obliged me to swim for two hours in between classes . 
  one year we had a teacher that only did aerobics . 
  sorry madame , i 'm not going to spend the next two hours dancing to house music because you asked me to , if you need me i 'm at the bar ( she also gave me a good grade , at least she understood that meritocracy should be kept out of pe ) . 
  edit : also , teaching kids to swim is a good thing , but then ? 
  should we wait our turn , swim laps , take the time , giving a b + to lisa simpson because she sucks at sports ? 
  should we really force a fat girl to walk around in a bright pink one piece suit if she is not comfortable , or a religious girl to swim with males ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  building a shared national identity based on swimming ? 
  recruiting the ones good ad sport so we can beat te urrs at medal count ? 
  sorry , italian school , no fatties . 
  for what i 've read about the italian case , extraordinary rendition was done without asking the government opinion . 
  ( the italians involved were arrested as well ), 
  physical education is an abomination , thank god all my pe teachers did n't care about their jobs , leaving the freaks and the geeks a chance to hang around together at the bar for two hours while the rest of the class chased a ball , building long-lasting friendships that would help them to grow quickly out of their teenage lameness . 
  ( piano music ) by the end of the class , some students would end up sweaty and smelly , we had become better individuals . 
  ( / piano music ) laws for compulsory p.e. 
  are bad and people that partake a physical activity because the government told them to are fascist collaborationists . 
  i 'm joking . 
  no , really . 
  ( but screaming at your pe teacher that he 's a dprk apologist is always the right thing to do ) . 
  edit : first you take from people the right to not swim , now the freedom of speech !, 
  there 's no way high school me would run around with his skinny hairy untanned legs and a latex cap on his head , risking to drown , while he could hang around on the school roof , talking about nirvana and tarantino being the best things ever , smoking cigarettes , sporting sunglasses , looking sexy . 
  yay to the muslim cause !, 
  greece , after an alienating school trip . 
  one day the bus dropped us in some deserted area of nafplio that looked like a random italian suburb , our psychopath art teacher disappeared before we could all get on the street , probably to visit the good parts of the town , so we were left walking around for hours , completely clueless . 
  did we see the sea , the main square or the fortress over the hill ? 
  nope . 
  lots of deserted streets , closed stores ( was it lunchtime ? 
  ) , on a grey day of march . 
  the only sign of human presence when we had a fucking creepy encounter with a middle '80s daihatsu cuore , covered in rust , driving very slowly on the road with a long trail of seaweeds hanging from the passenger door . 
  ok , we were a bunch of idiots ( and probably we were n't even in nafplio ) but now that 's the only vivid image i have left from greece . 
  not mycenae , not the acropolis , but a daihatsu cuore from the '80s with a trail of seaweeds , in a grey day of march , in a town that might or might not have been nafplio . 
  i 'm not going back . 
  berlusconi would probably wear a fabulous hat at the funeral , make a couple of dirty `` in soviet russia '' jokes and compliment putin 's girlfriend and mum for being totally fit . 
  everyone in the press will make fun of him , forgetting in the end to point out that he should be under arrest and not parading himself in moskow . 
  sorry but speck is not even in the same league . 
  we 're playing against jamon de bellota , the most expensive piece of pork ever , its pigs are raised with more freedom and with a better diet than the average world citizen . 
  there 's probably an happy spaniard sucking one of is pigs dick right now , worried that sexual frustration might make its meat less delicious . 
  oh god , my case in favour of culatello di zibello is dismissed , i 'm packing a bottle of red wine and flying to spain right now . 
  this is probably the right time for a prosciutto/jamon showdown against spainiards , but it will probably end with casualties . 
  should we open a second and a third battlefront against france and austria over cheese and costoletta/schnitzel ? 
  [ yes we should ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcj0xpynuk1qh1g19o1_500.gif ) . 
  sorry to ruin your friendly gathering , northerners , but food is a serious business . 
   eurotrash is not knowing the difference between `` caffe americano '' and american-style coffee . 
   eurotrash is asserting that association football is somehow ` better than ' american football . 
  wait , if you get annoyed by something like that you 're probably the american counterpart to eurotrash, 
  it 's the same group that trow the banana at her public speech and they 're connected to various episodes of violence and beatings . 
  i know that some people down here do n't like immigration , but at least have the decency to call fascist and racist actions with their name . 
  blocco studentesco are the students linked to casapound , which is slightly smaller than fn . 
  political party is a bit far-fetched , forza nuova is a neofascist group holding the 0.20 % of national votes , they do this kind of shit to get on their name on the news and because their more `` democratic '' demonstrations are usually raided by left wing students and have to be blinded by the police . 
  [ this video of sardinian traditional masks is not creepy at all ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy6_7_2ilhi ), 
  some of the most beloved and highest-grossing documentaries of the past decade came from europe : la marche de l'empereur , le peuple migrateur , man on wire , bbc earth and many werner herzog 's films . 
  only michael moore 's stuff did better at the box office , the idea that europe ca n't make and sell amazing documentaries is extremely wrong . 
  edit : ok , maybe the title meant `` shot overseas '' , which is probably true for naturalistic documentaries . 
  german and british tourists are actually the best ones around here , probably because we get the families and the retired couples while greece and spain have to deal with the drunks . 
  american tourists do n't have a clue but are ok , rich russians coming with their yacht to do some shopping can be extremely arrogant . 
  our emblem looks like the insignia of a socialist terrorist group from the late 70s and does a great job showing off the menacing forces driving our bureaucracy . 
  it also reminds me of my beloved [ beige fiat panda ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-cwativnxjpu/tbe8z_h35si/aaaaaaaao9k/vdccmn3azrw/s1600/panda1.jpg ) ( best color on the best car ever ) . 
  i love it and i laugh at all your heraldic nonsense . 
  i 've met a few dutch people that would start complaining about moroccan immigrants even if we were talking about completely different subjects , usually they are the same people that would also try to convince me that lovely amsterdam is in reality a perverted shit-hole . 
  it should have been done a long ago , anyway the traffic is probably going to look like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9uz11k4yxw ) when the summer ends . 
  although they have been barking very loudly lately due to the new integration minister , italian xenophobic right did not rise with the recession , they actually reached their lowest point since their foundation ( 4 % of national votes . 
  the `` desperation '' votes went to the 5 stars anti-systemic , populist party . 
  full of shit but at least not an ultra-right movement . ), 
  there 's a thing to say though , italian mp have to pay for their own staff , while i 've read somewhere that in germany and france mps ' assistants are on the parliament payroll . 
  a politician from the democratic party has kept track of all his expenses since he 's been an mp and wrote an interesting article about it a couple of weeks ago , basically saying that he managed to save about 2500 $ each month and that he spent too much of his time working as an accountant , basically asking for a smaller wage but with more benefits taken care by the parliament offices ( staff , office spaces , accommodation etc. ), 
  so generalization and spreading negative national stereotypes is the right way to deal with racism ? 
  the northern league politician that made the rape comment got sentenced to 13 months of jail , but of course another `` italian = racists '' circle jerk is a better way to solve our problems with xenophobes .
