  a couple of great things ( astrid lindgren and ingmar bergman ) , the cheap take on scandinavian design , plus fucking abba and a blond dude . 
  my take on the subject : [ 1 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ed/nobel_prize.png ) [ 2 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/76/notorious1946.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://tennisrivals.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/bjorn-borg-mcenroe-1980-tennis-rivals1.jpg ) [ 4 ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/7/7e/theshapeofpunktocome.jpeg/220px-theshapeofpunktocome.jpeg ), 
  without the war and the balkans . 
  the rivalry between tuscan cities is more of an inside joke than real hate . 
  oh man i ca n't stand cosplayers , carnival goers , themed party 's hosts and guests . 
  i hate the obnoxious exibitionism - `` yeee , people are looking at me , this is the best time of my life '' - and the trying-too-hard motif undermining their - i 'm soo crazy i 'm soo fun - approach to life / pose . 
  yes , i 'm lazy , grumpy and boring etc etc. . . now , getting past the fact that i generally want to punch all those people in their faces , halloween in italy is better than the terrible historic february carnival ( and than the original american counterpart ) because right now it 's just one night long , the streets are not full of annoying kids and their dreadful parents and the b-movie/cramps/monstermash theme is enjoyably shitty on its own and blends nicely with the everyone-is-a-douche side-theme . 
  umberto eco wrote a funny satirical essay in ' 61 , about the reasons behind the success of italy 's most famous tv personality : '' [ phenomenology of mike bongiorno ] ( http://studio.berkeley.edu/coursework/moses/courses/texts/mikebongiorno.pdf ) '' `` mike bongiorno is an ideal that nobody has to strive for , because everyone is already at its level . 
  no religion has ever been so indulgent to its faithful . 
  in him the tension of what is and what should be is annulled . 
  he says to his worshipers , `` you are god , stay exactly as you are '' '' berlusconi is just like that , the incarnation of a proud and widespread mediocrity and he 's extremely appealing to the same audience that made mike the god of italian television ( [ the two in the 80 's ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/d/d8/silvio_berlusconi_e_mike_bongiorno_anni_80.jpg ) ) . 
  no , it 's just the press badly reporting an already complicated case . 
  the trial is at his first stage and the full motivations of the judgment are yet to be made public , so taking a stance before knowing them is meaningless . 
  the accusation is that before a major earthquake the government set up an `` high risk commission '' composed by experts on the field and used it as a media stunt to calm down the population of the region , by giving unscientific and misleading reports about the actual risk of a bigger earthquake in the future . 
  it 's not an attack on science or scientists , nor claiming that scientist should be able to predict a natural disaster . 
  it 's just a matter of determining if the statements made by said `` commission '' were partly responsible of the death of many citizens . 
  the matter is complicated and we should probably wait for more information on the ruling before jumping on bandwagons , but it 's not too much different from a structural engineer found responsible for the collapse of a building : they accepted to be part of a government commission with the role of determining the danger the area was facing , allegedly knowingly gave false and misleading information ( `` there 's no danger '' ) and people died . 
  they actually said there was no real danger , in order to calm an already panicked population . 
  i 've lived in the emilia region under the more recent earthquake swarm and when you have to feel hundreds of small quakes everyday , shit gets scary . 
  many people left town , many were sleeping in a tent in the garden , fake messages warning about bigger quakes coming were very common over twitter . 
  the walls around me are from the 1400 and even if i 'm far from being fatalistic or easily panicked , after a week of shaking i actually started to get scared by my own heartbeat . 
  from what i 've experienced , the scientists in this case have been very correct in saying what they are able or not to forecast ( and shitty journalists have done their best too : seismologist - `` we ca n't say if another strong quake is going to happen '' journalist - `` so you are saying that we 're all going to die on the next tuesday ? '' . 
  anyway , the motivations from the sentence are still not public , but i 'll say that the judges at the moment have a better knowledge of the case , of the context and of what has been said or not , than many journalists jumping on the `` omg they 're attacking science '' bandwagon . 
  that image clearly proofs that mass murder really helps in terms of brand recognition ( i 'm forwarding it to apple , just in case ) plus ,  the bolshevist sigil celebrates the ideology which , in strict numerical terms , must be reckoned the most murderous ever devised by our species . 
  it 's historical bias . 
  christianity did worse , we just never happened to reject it as a belief . 
  having said that , the sickle and hammer is still featured in the logos of many non-violent modern communist parties , in the same way as the star and crescent does n't only represent islamic fundamentalism , so if they want to paint the union as an entity respectful to everyone 's ( non-violent ) ideological beliefs , i can see why it can be added to the picture . 
  yet , those symbols do n't even come close to represent the pluralism of ideas in europe , they are just a collection of clashing ideologies , many of them closely linked with violence and oppression , and even if i want the union to be open to everyone , that 's definitely not the most elegant way to paint it . 
  it 's not just the silly french that love clich\u00e9s , the bretons in the english translation were given a stereotypical upper class accent and the romans in the italian translation speak with a modern lower class roman one . 
  1 - the whole narration behind his political campaign is that he is a non-politician leader of a non-party ( with a non-statute ) , come to fight the corruption of real italian politicians and parties . 
  the claim that he does n't aim to seat in the parliament is important to the credibility of the movement . 
  2 - he is just not suited for the gig , his only fields of action have always been the blog and the ( paid ) shows he does around italy , he 's always only preaching to the choir and refuses to be part of a real political debate or to be interviewed by journalists that are n't close to him . 
  3 - a major point of the `` 5 stelle '' political campaign is that people who have a criminal record should be excluded from public office . 
  grillo crashed his suv in the 80 's killing a seven year old boy and his parents , and has been found guilty of involuntary manslaughter . 
  both the far right and the communist left are at their lowest point in italian political history , at the moment . 
  the new `` 5 stelle '' populist party ( that keeps claiming he 's not a political party ) founded by obnoxious comedian/blogger beppe grillo and by the shady marketing agency behind him , is supposed to get a huge 15/17 % at the next elections , even if they still do n't have a candidate to represent them . 
  they are still a complete mess , but at least they moved a lot of votes from the more extreme sides of the parliament to something that 's more of a green/pirate party variation ( with l. ron hubbard as a leader ) . 
  that 's my point . 
  i 'm not an expert in macroeconomics , so i can only give you a political context : in the past 18 years we had 3 populist right-wing governments led by berlusconi ( 1994 , 2001-2006 , 2008-2011 , with tremonti in the role of finance minister ) that kept promising tax cuts and richness , and two left-wing governments whose major refrain was `` we need to fix italian economy '' . 
  since 2001 berlusconi had a strong majority in the parliament , while the left wing governments where weaker , unstable and unpopular , yet the latter managed to perform better economy-wise , ( the increase in primary balance in the 2006-2008 prodi government was achieved by fighting tax evasion , the public debt also started to grow again under berlusconi and went down under prodi ) . 
  we entered the 2008 economic crisis with the worst possible government : an over 70 years old berlusconi that already proved is lack of interest in taking unpopular measures to fix italy 's finances , now dealing with endless sex scandals and trials . 
  everything went to shit , berlusconi resigned , and now monti is taking again the hard task of fixing the economy . 
  the major differences between him and prodi are that monti has a stronger majority in the parliament and that he 's a moderate right 's economist with a right wing parliamentary majority , so while he finally has all the power needed for the task , his policies are hitting the lower and middle class and the labour market much harder than they probably should . 
  [ giulio tremonti , finance minister 1994 , 2001-2006 , 2008-2011 . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b2/giulio_tremonti.jpg/220px-giulio_tremonti.jpg ), 
  the deal is not threatened since the autonomy has always been part of our constitution and they will need a special law to change that . 
  alto adige is probably just complaining , like every other region and province , about the reorganization of local government wanted by monti . 
  it 's stuff that usually do n't go past the local press , but hey , bbc is here !, 
  the only group of people that really talks about secession from italy are not wannabe austrians , but [ italians ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lega_nord ) . 
  pretty much the same , and having lots of friends was just a matter of being easygoing and fun to be with , i never understood the `` popular kids = arrogant uninteresting people '' stereotype in american pop culture . 
  italy : - public education is the standard , private schools are mainly for assholes and people that failed in public schools . 
  - classes are fixed , so you go trough the 5 years with the same group of 30ish people . 
  - i 've seen more teachers being bullied than fellow students . 
  - scooters are a big thing in the first years . 
  - we used to smoke in the restrooms . 
  - no sport teams , mandatory gym class is more like : a bunch of sweaty boys play football , girls are chatting with the teacher about boys/menstruation/teenage-girl-bullshit , i 'm at the bar see you later . 
  - we elected a school president every year , it 's part a popularity contest , part based on the political views of the candidate ( mainly che guevara t-shirt wearing leftwingers vs brainwashed catholic youth ) . 
  - around december it 's common to use a political excuse ( and we had plenty in the berlusconi 's era ) to occupy the school for a few days , stealing the keys and sleeping inside . 
  it 's almost a tradition , parents , teachers and the police are usually cool with it . 
  - edit : school trip : it 's usually a couple of days long in the first years and a week long later on ( we went to greece and in prague during the 4th-5th year ) . 
  you are pretty much free to do whatever you want , and thinking back i 'm amazed that no one ever died , or was found by the local police with the backpack full of pot . 
  berlin ( thanks to his urban fabric ) is still far from being a massive clusterfuck of tourists and pickpockets like paris , london , rome or barcelona . 
  i 'm sure the queue before berghain has got longer in the past few years , but it 's not really a problem felt by the majority of berlin 's population . 
  edit : i can also draw a parallel with the american students that are doing a term in florence and are constantly bitching about the tourists clogging the streets . 
  if you moved to berlin attracted by the cosmopolitan vibe and the nightlife , please shout the fuck up about the people visiting the city for the same reasons ( `` when i moved from italy to kreuzberg 15 years ago the rents were soo cheap and now it 's impossible to find an apartment , fuck gentrification '' < -- shit `` berliners '' says ) . 
  check / r/italy for some guides on italian cities . 
  also , keep an eye on ryanair and easyjet offers , flying to other mayor european cities can be really inexpensive if you book at the right time , and is absolutely worth if you are not planning to come back to europe anytime soon . 
  the italian one is correct , even if it translate to just `` i would like an heineken '' in stead of the `` can i have an heineken , please '' form used in many of the other translations . 
  i know next to nothing about the belgian situation , but traveling through it i definitely had the feeling that the cohabitation was n't running very smoothly . 
  train leaves the brussels area , the speaker stops being bilingual and starts giving notifications only in dutch . 
  the train breaks . 
  after the third time the speaker has explained in dutch the situation , a lady asks very kindly in french what was the problem . 
  no one responds . 
  people start to look at her like she is completely crazy . 
  now , i understand that having two different languages is not the easiest thing , that maybe that day no one understood a word of french and everyone was pissed off by the delay , but what the hell . 
  i know , i was n't really trying to make a point . 
  it 's just that all your arguments are really common in northern italy too , yet the s\u00fcdtiroler seem quite happy about staying in italy , and i figured out that yes , maybe the only functional way to deal with autonomous regions is to give them a shitload of money ( and i do n't really see madrid negotiating better tax deals with barcelona any time soon , it 's probably something that should have been done in 1975 ) . 
  we gave to our german speaking region the power to keep their levied taxed and they do n't really feel so oppressed by our central government and by our money-sucking southern regions , maybe you just need a better representation , not to secede . 
  so spaniards actually discovered america two times ? 
  your move , vikings !, 
  btw the comments under the article are funny ( expecially the mormon vietnam veteran 's one ) . 
  you do n't usually hear many words of praise towards the calabria region , yet is amazing how a small portion of land saved italy from looking like a huge , raging cock . 
  i love how people are getting downvoted for their food preferences . 
  [ shittyaskscience ] the photo was clearly taken during the summer months ( you can notice how the snow is covering only 1/3 of the country ) , when norwegians turn all their lights off and enjoy their 24h sunlight , dancing , swimming and drinking granitas . 
  no need to lose bavaria , we all know that only the bavarians are wearing lederhosen with calf socks and sucking wei\u00dfwurst all year round . 
  in fact , it 's common knowledge that every other german reject that style and is instead sporting the macgyver mullet and the socks and sandals combo . 
  brb , going to kosovo to check that awesome spanish looking office . 
  i 'm from bologna , speaking in dialect is not really well seen here and while my grandparents grew up in a bolognese speaking environment , they raised my parents by speaking only in italian , so nobody in my family can speak bolognese anymore ( i understand many words though ) . 
  it 's pretty much the same across the city , and even if it 's sad that the local language is disappearing , i still ca n't help thinking of people under the age of 80 speaking dialects as uncivilized idiots . 
  anyway , [ here 's ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3dfyf1hmv4 ) how bolognese sounds , there 's not much on youtube though . 
  italian and finnish have the best cross language puns * , so we should be best friends forever . 
  ' ( the finnish `` look at the sock '' and `` look at the see '' sounding exactly like the italian `` suck my dick '' and `` dick ), 
  the list is a bit na\u00efve and many things look normal to me , but yeah , if you start to like salty liquorice , it really means that your life has taken a wrong turn . 
   so ~ ~ a politician ~ ~ berlusconi lied . 
  in other breaking news : the earth is round . 
  did n't they already lose a lawsuit in italy on the same ground ? 
  i suppose they 're not going to acknowledge the eu law until every member state has sued them ( double wink to greece ) . 
  proof : japan eats rice , japan has the highest debt in the world . 
  it 's * definitely * the rice . 
  next up : gastronomy vs bond spread , is the mediterranean cuisine killing the eurozone ?
