  ( for the same reason , i foresee r/europe 's users becoming fluent french speakers by the end of 2018 . ), 
  i find amazing that in 1995 he predicted that  there is in our future internet populism , in which the emotional response of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the voice of the people at the time most of us thought that internet was finally freeing information from biased media corporations , and predicted a future were everyone was more informed and aware ; fast forward to 20 years later and we are vocally asking big media corporations to limit the freedom of speech over their networks because the reach of populist bullshit over the internet has become a threat to the whole idea of conscious and informed democratic participation . 
  they still absorbed the former anti-communist electorate , keeping in line with the historical bipolar system . 
   also this is nothing compared to the crisis of 1993 1992 was a bigger political scandal , this is a crisis of democratic institutions . 
  parties collapsed back then , but politics and the idea of parliamentary democracy as a representation of the people 's will survived . 
  for the past 5 years , however , the link between parties and their electorate ceased to exist . 
  when historical parties are unable to comply with their mandates , because the only possible outcome of the elections are unstable coalitions with the natural enemy , when a third of the voters decide that their identity is better represented by a post-ideological party , when we are unable to stop and rewrite the rules to remove ourselves from the dead-lock , the problem becomes too big to avoid acknowledging it . 
  the second republic started the moment the first ended , but right now it 's been over for 5 years , we have n't moved forward an inch , and we have no clue on how and when we will fix a system that is broken . 
  also , the five star movement was already a party filling newspaper headlines in 2011 . 
  some explanations on what 's happening in italy and what was the real meaning of the referendum : - italy is facing its biggest political crisis since the birth of the republic : we 've got a populist right-wing party that was n't able to reform itself after the downfall of berlusconi , a left-wing struggling to find its place in history ( both ridden with scandals ) , lega nord rebranding as an alt-right party and a crazy post-factual , post-ideological populist party with no precedents in the western world . 
  - this heterogeneous clusterfuck of mutually exclusive political interests means that we are now unable to organize ourself with a proper government . 
  after a brief , hated , coalition government led by appointed eurocrats ( 2011 ) , we voted a parliament with no clear majority . 
  ( 2013 ) to appoint a government , in italy , you need to gain the majority of votes in two chambers elected with different rules ( but with the same role ) , and our past election laws do n't work anymore , in a political spectrum that has become tripolar . 
  since the 5 star movement does n't do alliances , the center-left had to form a coalition with their natural enemy , berlusconi , the guy they depicted as satan for 20 years . 
  they choose a catholic moderate as coalition leader , with the task of fixing the election law before going to new elections , but of course it did n't work . 
  - ( 2014 ) here comes renzi : he 's always playing attack . 
  he stated the weakness and staleness of the ruling coalition , went straight to berlusconi and negotiated with him the new institutional reforms , then forced letta to resign and was appointed as prime minister with the same task of rewriting the rules of the game in order to break the mexican standoff . 
  - the reforms : a strongly majoritarian voting system with a second ballot , to ensure a winner after the elections , and a constitutional reform that diminished the role of the high chamber , removing the need for the government to juggle with two different majorities at the same time . 
  - those reforms needed years before they could be approved , meanwhile he used his strengths to turn the weak coalition he inherited into his own majority . 
  he kicked berlusconi out of the window , breaking his party in two and keeping only the more centrist mp as his allies , reformed the job market , the school system , the public administration , passed civil unions , and many other reforms , while fighting on many battlegrounds ( europe being one of them ) . 
  - he was forced to always reshuffle all his cards in order to keep the momentum of his leadership alive , but it also meant that everyone started building a resentment against him : the leftist members of his own party were unhappy with his ways and the populists movements campaigned relentlessly with their anti-establishment propaganda against him , because behind his dynamic leadership there were many unresolved weakness : he was n't chosen by popular vote , the economy never got the boost needed to fully restore confidence , immigration became a huge problem , he had to seek many compromises in his policies due to the heterogeneous nature of his majority , and he was n't able to distance himself from the many scandals that hit his party , even if they were linked to the former party ranks . 
  this especially in the south , were he was n't able to push his new political ranks into leading party roles and was forced to keep the old , nepotist oligarchy , alive . 
  - back to the reforms : more than a year into the process he 's now lacking the full backing of berlusconi 's party and he 's leading a smaller coalition , unable to change the constitution on their own . 
  he has to go through a referendum . 
  he also stopped being perceived has a temporary coalition leader with the task of fixing the system , he 's become the leader of renzi 's party , pushing for renzi 's system . 
  he went all in , once again . 
  - he lost . 
  his strange political ride , the third longest government in italy 's republican history , lost its momentum and had to stop . 
  we are now back to stage one , and i have no idea on what the fuck we are going to do now . 
  [ did n't you hear the news ? 
  ] ( http://www.annefrankguide.net/it-it/content/etiopia.jpg ), 
  well , simply from the fact that they are shutting the fuck up , you can point out that they are not italians . 
   there should be a warning specifically for czech tourists that warns them not to go mountain climbing in flip flops and beachwear . 
  few years ago we opened a cable car over monte bianco , it comfortably takes tourists up to 3500m on the mountain . 
  so many idiots were going up wearing flip flops and beachwear that they had to issue multiple warnings . 
  the panoramic terrace is fine , but of course they all think it 'll be a great fun to have a run on the glacier too ( dangerous and for mountaineers only ) . 
  [ here 's a picture of a girl jumping over a dangerous crevasse , without any gear beside a party hat and a flower garland ] ( http://lightstorage.ecodibergamo.it/mediaon/cms.newecodibergamo/storage/site_media/media/photologue/2016/9/6/photos/cache/in-ciabatte-e-borsetta-sui-crepacciassurdo-la-montagna-e-una-cosa-seria_140e4a58-7416-11e6-acd8-9848ae99d35b_998_397_big_story_detail.jpg ), 
  because the eu has no internal borders , and common external ones ? 
  italian jets are patrolling the airspace over the balkans and were sent to patrol the baltic airspace when putin was playing bully with ukraine . 
  border cooperation , for former soviet republics , is ok only when they are benefiting from it ? 
  [ silvana mangano dancing in riso amaro , for science ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqdppncq7tc ), 
  meanwhile , in bern ... 
  unions have long opposed a national minimum wage because it will end up undercutting most of their bargainings ( that cover most of the workforce ) . 
  do n't be to cocky . 
  getting a law fifteen years later is n't that weird . 
  center-right governments opposed the law , the 2006 center left government lost its majority before their civil union proposal could be approved , so the law was brought back to the table only when they regained a majority , 7 years later . 
  in countries with no national cap , salaries are independently negotiated with the unions for each job sector , 0.00 $ is misleading . 
   sort of thing i 'd find on the own brand lager i might be a stupid idea , but i feel that ireland 's harp has also a good chance of working as a beer brand . 
   france is a leading nation in global engineering . 
  yes but if you ask the french to build a robot they 'll probably just put a fancy helmet on a middle aged dj . 
  to hell ? 
  we should have run as third choice in the rigged referendum , just in case . 
  so romantic it 's the only chorus i will remember beside `` do it for your lover baby clap your hands '' . 
  still , sweden is doing to love songs what they 've already done to danish design furniture . 
  when you look this frikkin ' beautiful is a * freaking * cheesy line even for a swedish eurovision entry, 
  too busy trying to figure out what 's going on with his tie, 
  to be fair , if we 're speaking of ending a conservatives dominance , blair is * slightly * more qualified than corbyn . 
  thankfully , even the allies did n't agree with that . 
  giuseppe dozza , one of the founder of the italian communist party , exiled in paris and moscow under the regime , came back in '43 to fight with the resistance , was appointed as mayor of bologna as soon as the allied troops entered the city , became a great and beloved mayor that got reelected until the mid-60s and since then his party only lost the elections in bologna once . 
  bologna has always been regarded as one of the best governed cities in the italy . 
  those evil , undemocratic , italian communists . 
   mussolini was taken under the wing of her aunt sophia loren in 77 they played brilliantly the role of brainwashed mussolini 's fangirls in ettore scola masterpiece `` a special day '' . 
  but only sophia was acting . 
  my city , bologna , was liberated by the [ polish ii corps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ii_corps_\\ ( poland \\ ) ) , along with elements from british , us , and south african corps and divisions . 
  ( thanks , guys . ), 
  also , today a local school revealed [ a mural ] ( http://immagini.quotidiano.net/?url=http://p1014p.quotidiano.net:80/polopoly_fs/1.3063004.1493047427!/httpimage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/gallery_800/image.jpg&amp;h=495&amp;pos=top&amp;w=626&amp;mode=clip ) celebrating irma bandiera , a partisan woman in her twenties who was caught by the fascists , she was tortured and had her eyes burned because she refused to give up informations , her dead body was left hanging in the streets as a message to the resistance . 
  this thread reminds me why i stopped posting on r/europe . 
  today is the most important day for italy , it remembers the end of fascism and the birth of modern italy . 
  in 1943 we did n't switch side : italy signed an unconditional surrender , the fascist regime did n't , turning northern italy into a nazi-puppet state ( hence the nazi-fascim definition ) . 
  a new war started , with many meanings : it was a civil war between fascists and antifascists italians , a liberation war against the german occupation , and a class war led by italian communists against the former ruling classes . 
  ( claudio pavone , a civil war , 1991 ) . 
  the great work of the allied powers made it possible for all the parties and men that opposed fascism to fight together with a common , greater aim : free , democratic italy . 
  communists fought alongside catholics , socialists and liberals ; monarchists with republicans , and by the end of the war they all dropped their ( deeply divergent ) political claims and choose to sit together in order to write a new , antifascist ( and republican ) constitution . 
  today we do n't celebrate winning the war , we celebrate those men who fought together to win our democracy back , after 20 years of totalitarian regime . 
  being born under a regime does n't make you a fascist ( or a nazi or a communist ) , the great violence and deprivation of rights that keeps totalitarian rulers in charge is not a joke . 
  disagreement is outlawed , not inexistent . 
  all those parties , who formed the national liberation committee in 1943 , managed to survive underground for two decades after being banned , their leaders faced death and prison and managed to rebuild a country torn by a civil war into a modern western democracy . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://oubliettemagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/sandro-pertini-comizio-1945.jpg ) socialist and resistance leader sandro pertini , in 1945 , and [ here 's ] ( http://storiedicalcio.altervista.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/pertini82-wp-777x437.jpg ) with some of his later successes as the president of the italian republic . 
  i know , but many italians still think of slovenia as an eastern european country , it 's not a statement about your or their wealth , just an old mental scheme that will take some more years to change . 
   i hate when people say that baltic 's are in east as well to be fair , people in their 30s and older grew up in a europe divided in two , it 's not a perception you could wipe out easily . 
  edit : btw , the weather is shit down here too , it 's been heavy raining non stop for days . 
   / r/europe zoophiles here comes again the usual political correctness gone mad and leftist propaganda from the telegraph . 
  great , let them extend the human idea of sexual abuse to sheeps too . 
  what 's next , they 'll arrest my dog for being an animal , legs , and sofas rapist ? 
  can we still milk some good old cow 's nipples in the morning or do we need to take them to dinner first ? 
  how long before they 'll ban people from using zucchinis ? 
  / joking, 
  the list works well as a `` list of 250 good and very popular films that you should absolutely not miss if you are male and under 30 '' , but as a `` best 250 films ever , ranked '' list it 's indeed full of major wtf : two films from the godfather trilogy , a batman tie-in , fight club , and the third part of tlotr make the top ten ( with shawnshank on top ) , schindler 's list , indiana jones and private ryan are the three top rated spielberg 's movies , the departed comes before raging bull and toy story 3 way before the first , l\u00e8on is considered the second best film ever produced in europe , donnie darko , etc. . . 
  some filmmakers are starting to experiment with on-demand distribution , in my opinion with mixed results : - [ leos carax 's holy motors ] ( http://holymotors.co.uk/ ) , 10 # - 30 days access - region locked < -- are you kidding me ?!, 
  - [ larry clark 's marfa girl ] ( http://larryclark.com/marfagirl ) , 5 $ - 24h access - no region lock , french and italian subtitles available < -- yes , please anyway , ~ ~ holy motors is wild , marfa girl good if you larry clark ~ ~ i hope european distributors will really move in this direction , i 'm sure that there are plenty of people like me willing to pay 5 $ to watch films that they will otherwise torrent ( because they do n't get a release , because they come out in cinemas but there 's some italian cunt dubbing over isabelle huppert , because i do n't have a blue-ray player nor a television set and itunes movie is a joke over here ), 
  oh yes , america , the land of acceptance : you are an highly skilled immigrant from india or korea ? 
  come here and join the dream !, 
  you are american born but black and poor ? 
  good job on not getting shot through your whole youth , you can now join the army and get shot overseas !, 
  [ okay ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/082/456/okay.png ), 
  yes , i 'm mainly talking about people eating their food in a locked bedroom to avoid any kind of small talk . 
  people sharing a flat without acting like bff is normal everywhere and does n't need a special tag . 
  i think that the concept of `` zweck-wg '' ( people sharing an apartment to save money but refusing to have any sort of social interaction with their house-mates ) , can sound a little alienating and bizarre to non-germans . 
  aaand that 's why i voted for france . 
  that 's ... not very flattering .
