did the government have anything to do with your awesome internet speeds and coverage ? 
  again ? 
  none of our countries did , really . 
  i 'm sure there were some proud tribes running around canada back then . 
  i know . 
  so far only the mirror has this story and the mirror is roughly 3 levels below garbage . 
  this thread is making me hungry . 
  planning to make [ rolady ( rouladen ) ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_kv1azajq8gy/s7o5pq8hw8i/aaaaaaaaahe/osm3sbxiol0/s1600/rouladen.jpg ) next weekend . 
  it 's a rolled up piece of beef with bacon , pickle and onion inside . 
  served with a delicious sauce , cabbage and potatoes . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1hjxrvxmh0 ( english ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jozre4r-ioy ( polski ), 
  can you explain ? 
  i do n't understand what the big deal is . 
   economic crash in russia , someone taking power from putin this ...  normalization and democratization of russia , peace in europe . 
  does n't necessarily lead to this . 
  it 's actually unlikely . 
  the swedish one is starting to inspire me to go buy some furniture . 
  lmao , i did n't even notice that and had to zoom in . 
  that 's just awesome . 
  thanks . 
  anyone have a source for these numbers ? 
  more like 96 years . 
  no it is not . 
  it would take a lot of work to get it to the level of european pipelines , but russia already does have some pipelines to feed its far-eastern cities . 
  it would n't take that much more to stretch those existing pipes to china to start the process . 
  right , but cheap gas would be great for them nonetheless . 
  you think china would n't pay for it if it meant a steady supply of clean ( er ) energy ? 
  look at the toxipocalypse they 're having right now because of coal . 
  you have to spend money to make money . 
  they can sell it all to china and the rest of asia . 
  i believe they sent a strongly worded letter and after that they just could n't possibly care less about some worthless chunk of india . 
   there are many things in which russia has shown to be much better than the eu what would those be ? 
  there 's one good thing about natty ice though . 
  it will fuck you up . 
  i do n't understand this posting . 
  edit : lol , nevermind . 
  i just realized it 's just the mouse over text that i 've seen dozens of times before . 
  at first i thought it was a link of some sort . 
  i got ta get some caffeine in my system . 
  oh , and / u/paristetris , this better be a joke , not some stupid anti-semitic bullshit . 
  also , snipping tool in windows 7 . 
  i do n't see a genocide happening , do you ? 
  yeah ... that 's about as realistic a stat as mexicans un-immigrating from california a few years back . 
  lol . 
  excuse me , lol . 
  i think the albanians have that covered too . 
  wait ... you 're telling me there 's monkeys involved ? 
  why has n't spain invaded yet ? 
  is anyone else hoping for a legitimate british-spanish spat over a fucking rock ? 
  bonus question : are there any old-timey treaties that could potentially cause a good old european conflict ? 
  meanwhile , all the albanians are taking the petty and organized crime jobs . 
  what are the greeks supposed to do ? 
  his forehead looks really unnatural . 
  maybe it 's the lack of hair on top ... 
  yeah !, 
  motherfucking bullet tooth tony !, 
  yeah , i do n't know if any other country has ` beer ' ( piwne ) as an official eye color . 
  we need to start growing our own . 
  yeah , just like every stupid ass who has a drinking story . 
   also belarus became a country in the 90s so it 's impossible from a logical point of view . 
  belarus was an ssr during wwii so even though it was n't a nation state , it existed , and it suffered greatly . 
  it was probably the most fucked over region of the entire war . 
  you 're only in the same category because of the frequency of spying , not because you 're considered an enemy nation . 
  i 'm not sure if reuters is in the wrong here , but the der spiegel quote from the document says that germany is a `` 3rd party foreign partner . 
  '' , not a `` third class partner '' . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/nsa-spies-on-500-million-german-data-connections-a-908648.html )  one top secret document also states that while germany may be a partner , it is still also a target of the nsa 's electronic snooping . 
  according to the document , germany is a so-called `` 3rd party foreign partner . '', 
  the only countries that are explicitly excluded from spying attacks are australia , canada , new zealand and the uk . 
  `` we can , and often do , target the signals of most 3d party foreign partners , '' a slide from an internal presentation states . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  did n't the polish concentration camp thing start with an obama speech ? 
  world 's first ? 
  what is this guy smoking ? 
   rupert wolfe-murray  editor at castle craig addiction rehab clinic i did n't know that rehab clinics had ` editors ' . 
  that 's some soviet union type of shit right there . 
  i know of a nearby country full of engineers who could use well paying jobs . 
  here 's an ap photo . 
  http://bigstory.ap.org/article/thousands-march-against-french-gay-marriage-law if you look at [ this photo ] ( https://twitter.com/davquinn/status/338692043817775104/photo/1/large ) you can definitely tell thay have the same ` family ' flags as in the close ups . 
  it seems for real . 
  the bbc is reporting on this already , so i think it 's for real . 
  tons of photos here , also french language : http://lesalonbeige.blogs.com/my_weblog/ i guess they 're claiming between half a million and 1 million participants . 
  news outlets have it at a much lower 150-200k , although that 's impressive nonetheless . 
  i think they 're talking about the mainstream tv stations and newspapers . 
  the nile delta area looks amazing . 
  i see what you mean , but 25 % between the top and bottom is actually a pretty big difference . 
  warning : naturalnews is not a legitimate news source . 
  hitler made it cool . 
  check out this pic from the jobbik rally . 
  you have to consider the odds of a tornado actually striking your house vs the higher cost of building a sturdier home . 
  also , i for one would prefer to have a wooden wall fall on me in case my house was being destroyed , rather than half a ton of brick . 
  malta , in this case . 
  we grow beautiful potatoes too . 
  wooo !, 
  we 're good at something !, 
  i see the salute replacing the handshake in some kind of germophobic future . 
  as far as the swastika , i say we take it back for the dalai lama . 
  he can then use its magical powers to defeat the red chinese menace once and for all . 
  i say we take both symbols back from the fascists . 
  they 've held onto them for far too long . 
  well , i was going to say that it 's not fair to take away this man 's job over a nazi salute , but since it is just the national team they have a right to do it .
