   they are only celts in some regions of the north of spain like asturias and galicia , learn some history . 
  for fuck 's sake , did n't i say `` where i live '' and `` i do n't represent spain '' ? 
  i 'm from asturias ... 
  i do n't know how it 's seen in other countries , but where i live the romans are seen as our invaders that eventually left . . and then the moors came for a few hundred years . . but they left too , we are celts !, 
  we do roman-celtic battle recreations and in some towns they are starting to change the outcome so the roman soldiers lose ( per popular vote ) edit : well , i said `` where i live '' , i do n't represent spain as a whole , spain is big . 
  here in the north people do n't feel roman or moor . 
  people from other places surely would feel different about this . 
  rare in national media . 
  plenty of them , even forced , in regional media ( at least in my region ), 
  i was for a while , my father tried to make me like football like him and brought me to some games , but i spent all the game riding my bike in the stadium 's halls ... my father decided not to renew my memership the next year . 
   gijon , spain because of wine and food . 
  huh ... 
  i 'm from gij\u00f3n ... never expected to see it mentioned on reddit . 
   galicia , asturias , cantabria , basque country are waiting for you do n't listen to him !!, 
  please , keep flooding the mediterranean !, 
  there 's nothing for you to see up here in the north !, 
  immigration is a `` new '' thing here , i do n't think there are any second generation immigrants born here . 
  so basically ... if you are an immigrant you are an immigrant . 
  if you are the son of an immigrant , you are the son of an immigrant . 
   tbh , i do n't even know what `` black friday '' is . 
  it would make zero sense here , as it 's not a holiday or in any other way significant . 
  i figure it has something to do with thanksgiving ??? 
  it 's the sale on the day next to thanksgiving and it 's like the start of christmas season . 
  it does n't make sense here either , but they are doing it and calling it `` black friday '' instead of just picking another name that makes sense . 
  we have hipsters , yep . 
  even in my small city a lot of hipster bars have appeared over the last few years . 
  you know , bars where every fucking chair and table is different and has lots of shelves with obscure books , filled with gafapasteros ( spanish word for hipsters , means `` people with rimmed glasses '' ), 
  a 300.000 population city up until a few years ago the black wise man in the christmas parade was portrayed by a white guy in blackface because there just was n't any black people in the city . 
  ( it 's a real black guy nowadays ), 
  in old districts usually the faces of the buildings are protected . 
  if a company buys an old inhabited building and want to build something there they have to demolish the inside while keeping the face . 
  then they build modern living spaces while keeping the old outside look . 
  usually companies bypass this by letting the old building rot and fall . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i 've never met anyone with mixed race . 
  30 here . 
  everybody i know except my grandma are non-religious . 
  buuuuut ... we still get baptized , communion , married by church or go to church once a year in all-saints day . 
  they are just things you do because it 's always been done and expected , but people do n't believe in anything . 
  we are atheist but not `` confrontational atheist '' like the ones you keep seeing on reddit . 
  danish from swedish ? 
  nope , i do n't think i 've even heard someone speak them in my life . 
  i 'm only familiar with portuguese , spanish , french , english , german and italian, 
  oh , i just thought about all the threads with americans asking europeans where to buy peanut butter , so it was the only food i could think about that was n't a `` normal '' food that we had elsewhere, 
  nigger comes from spanish/portuguese negro , of course we have the word , we are the origin !, 
  but it 's not a negative word here unless you use a special negative tone when you say it . 
  peanut butter maybe ? 
  it 's great now !, 
  since the change to digital , there 's no loading times !, 
  my parents ca n't even turn on a computer and do n't own a mobile phone , but they are masters of teletext !, 
  i visit the english part of the internet , so in very out of the loop in regard to popular spanish sites , memes , etc, 
  not really . 
  people from spain visit spanish sites . 
  it 's not about the language , but the culture . 
  i do n't know anyone in real life ( apart from me ) that uses the `` english part '' of the internet . 
  you joke , but when i went to the us one summer in high school , some foster families kept asking their students where their flamenco/torero dress was . 
  and they were fucking serious . 
  they seriously thought we dressed like flamenco dancers and that there were bulls running on the streets every day ... 
  we get american movies and tv shows everywhere american movies portray americans as stupid and ignorant we then get the stereotype of americans being stupid and ignorant, 
  in spain ( at least in the north ) it 's been a thing for a long time , in small towns . 
  just scarying people with pranks and using spooky pumpkins . 
  but recently because of american media people see it as `` an american thing '' and there are costume parties in schools like during carnaval . 
  the going around houses asking for sweets is n't done , at least not that i 'm aware of . 
  we never read any poetry , just books like the call of the wild . 
  multiple choice test . 
  30 questions . 
  you can only fail 3 . 
  repeat until you pass . 
  from road signs to mechanical questions . 
  when you pass the exam , you can get practical driving classes . 
  when you feel like you are ready , you take the practical exam . 
  the examiner sits behind and your teacher next to you . 
  if the teacher touches his pedals , you fail . 
  the examiner will take note of everything you do . 
  there are different levels of mistakes ( low , medium or high ( you fail immediately ) ) you also have to take a medical test ( eye , reflexes , left-right hand coordination ... ), 
  and if you go to spanish communities inside reddit , they are all basically dead , like / r/es ( a few people posting news and no-one commenting on them ) . 
  and / r/spain is full of foreigners asking things about spain before a trip, 
  never seen it . 
  i first heard about this thing when playing guild wars 2 last halloween . 
  the one with the coolest leader design, 
  i. . . thought this was going to be a joke about all those non-americans of reddit posts in askreddit and askeurope ... but you are serious ... 
  family : 2 kisses , when you go to see your grandparents , cousins . . etc and not when you see them every day . 
  and not male-male kisses unless it 's your grandfather . 
  friends : when a girl is introduced to new people , they usually go for the 2 kisses thing . 
  and maybe when it 's been a long time since you last saw a female friend . 
  so , basically , 2 kisses when you are meeting someone or when it 's been a long time since you last saw someone , and almost never between guys . 
  every country has their own `` internet '' and famous people that say stupid things , or tv ads with a funny quote that goes viral . 
  i do n't know anyone on any of those groups . 
  it 's usually anti-american anti-german anti-russian and anti-turkey . 
  we do n't have nationalism in a `` we are spain ! '', 
  way , but nationalism is huge inside each autonomous community , is n't it ? 
  when i saw the question the first think i thought was : `` not in here '' and now the top comment is `` definitely over here '' ... xd, 
   please find a new pejorative word for us franchute we have both gabacho and franchute , do n't worry !, 
  oh , i was n't talking about you using `` america '' , just a generalization !, 
  wait , mexicans call americans `` gabachos '' ? 
  that 's what we call french people !, 
  in spanish we go the other way , we use `` estadounidense '' from `` estados unidos de am\u00e9rica '' basically we call you `` unitedstateian '' or something like that . 
  we drop the american part . 
  i do n't think there 's a remedy , i was just complaining about something that happened long ago and became common . 
  there 's no going back now ,
