it 's the weird acting i ca n't stand , no one in movies or tv shows sounds like a real person talking . 
  we just need better marketing . 
  there are a lot of french movies in cinemas here but i do n't remember a single ad for them . 
  me and my friends love french comedies because they feel similar to spanish comedies but they are n't spanish movies , so that 's a pro . 
   it 's a bit odd to hear a cowboy speaking galician , but ... 
  when i went to galicia as a kid it was so weird seeing the teletubbies speaking galician, 
  here in the north people feel very celtic and we refer to them as `` us '' i do n't know which regions , but when i talked about this celtic thing i got downvoted by other spaniards saying that they felt roman and did n't see romans as invaders, 
  we talk about `` we '' even pre-rome , like `` those romans came here and tried to take over the country , but some of us resisted ! '', 
  ( at least where i live , i know in other regions this does n't happen ), 
  you can basically shit on everything . 
  common ones are milk , sacramental bread , sea , your own mother , other person 's mother , god or the thing you are complaining about . 
  if you use `` mother '' , you can add `` who birthed me/you '' too . 
  you can also add `` puta '' ( whore ) to everything , even the milk . 
  like adding `` fucking '' before anything in english . 
  this is the milk !, 
  this is the sacramental bread !, 
  i shit on the sea !, 
  i shit on the sacramental bread who is a whore !, 
  we did have a civil war and a dictatorship full of resistance movements ... 
  if you resist something , you are a resistance , there 's no special meaning behind it , it 's just a word . 
  st patrick 's and we have multiple `` oktoberfests '' throughout the summer, 
  the problem is any modern atempt of adding lyrics sound really horrible because it 's all about `` political correctness '' and being a united and happy nation we ca n't have epic old-style national anthem lyrics, 
  cheaper public transport , less bank fares , cheaper/free museum entrances ... 
  but the most used one ... cheaper movie tickets !, 
  basically everything outside madrid-barcelona-mediterranean coast, 
  yep , i 've seen them more and more over the years . 
  i even have one whole tv channel devoted to them in my cable provider , it 's nuts . 
  back in the day tv after midnight showed good old porn movies and now we have to deal with this crap !, 
  in apartments there 's usually a [ big communal mailbox ] ( http://www.hoy.es/prensa/noticias/201105/20/fotos/4567653.jpg ) outside the main door used for commercial mail and `` do n't leave commercial mail in the normal mail boxes '' signs . 
  this way people who care about them can just take them and people who do n't can ignore them . 
  my father has a bar and every supplier brings the bill with the goods and my father inputs the bill in the cash register and pays them with cash right there, 
  or maybe it 's because they are small business and do n't want to pay a fee to the bank for every purchase nor charge more to card using customers, 
  i have windows in spanish but i set all programs to english when i install them . 
  i have android in english because the apps does n't let you choose the language , it 's like video games nowadays that use the console 's os language . 
  a lot of the spanish translations for apps were so horribly automated that i had to set everything to english . 
  original version always , be it english , japanese , spanish ... 
  but i have to say that german is a special case ... in some german rpgs the voices are really dull and i ended up switching to english because the spanish dub was full of `` the same voices you hear in every movie and tv show '' and i do n't like recognizing the voices all the time . 
  real humans is a swedish show , is n't it ? 
  i have n't seen it yet but i think it 's the only european non spanish or english tv show i know of . 
  movies and tv shows !, 
  american movies and tv shows get released in every european country but most european movies and tv shows stay confined in their country of origin . 
  i 'd love to have an easy way of watching popular tv shows or movies from other european countries . 
  ( i 'm a simple man , i do n't think about army , laws or governments ), 
  i only know one guy that uses them . 
  he likes to use weird flavors like coffee + cookies or waffles with chocolate ... 
  i hate him . 
  i 'm on a diet and helping at my parent 's bar on saturdays and he 'd smoke that thing on the window ( smoking inside public places is banned here ) and make you hungry for hours because the vapor gets inside and he does n't care . 
  cara for head . 
  it means face , so i assume it 's the same , when the coin shows the head of the person . 
  cruz ( cross ) for the side with the numbers ( i do n't know why it 's called cross ), 
  is n't that a christmas cake ? 
  what does it have to do with mardi gras ? 
  i know spain , portugal and france have the christmas one, 
  no one knows , but we have a lot of those . 
  josefa -  lita francisco -  paco dolores -  lola rosario -  charo, 
  jos\u00e9 is very popular . 
  people called jos\u00e9 are also called pepe as a nickname . 
  it 's usually a compound name , like jos\u00e9 antonio , juan jos\u00e9 , jos\u00e9 manuel ... 
  it 's common to find men called jos\u00e9 mar\u00eda , so we have both names in one . 
  mar\u00eda is also popular , it 's also used a lot in compound names . 
  people with the compound name usually shorten it to mari or drop it altogether and go by the second part of the name . 
  oh , we also have women called mar\u00eda jos\u00e9 ... so we have both names for both genres !, 
  you can distinguish them by the order . 
   what worked for me the most was to watch series/movies with english subtitles instead of the spanish ones . 
  people do n't seem to understand that if you use spanish subtitles you are just reading a book with background voices, 
   by the way , have you ever met a family where the one who gets de bean pays ? 
  i have never ever . 
  nope , only adults shouting : `` aaaaaaaaah , now you have to pay it !! '', 
  to kids that get the bean as a joke . 
  i do n't know , when i was at 0 points i thought that maybe it was something that only happened in my region and other spaniards were downvoting , i had to check wikipedia to see if i was wrong . 
  that makes sense . 
  i think both the figurine and the bean are wrapped in a big plastic in here nowadays . 
  in spain there 's a figurine and a bean . 
  if you get the bean you are supposed to pay for the cake . 
  mid-september to october , right ? 
  i assume the oktober in the name has something to do with the month , but maybe i 'm wrong . 
   traditionally tapas are served for free in a bar to accompany your drink . 
  thank you !, 
  i thought i was crazy and maybe my parent 's bar was weird . 
  i mean , what is even a `` tapas restaurant '' ? 
  what do those american tapas places sell ? 
  i 've seen like 3 different `` oktoberfests '' where i live this summer ... oktober is in the name , if you want to make a festival about drinking beer in august just name it the awesome summer beer festival or something, 
  the other day i saw a santa at the mall with elves like in american movies . 
  i was so sad ... in spain the gift givers are the three wise men and the guy listening to kids in malls and schools was the royal page and now they are being replaced ... :(, 
  if i have to pick a not-hollywood-star and non-spaniard european actor , i 'd choose [ beno\u00eet poelvoorde ] ( http://mediamass.net/jdd/public/documents/celebrities/2282.jpg ) . 
  i fucking love every movie i 've seen with him on it . 
  ( although i had to google his name because i did n't know it ) [ imdb link ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0688143/ ), 
  we also do n't have typical american high schools and yet we have all the teen tv shows centered around high school , with their football guys and cheerleaders and all those graduation dance specials . 
  you do n't need to have suburbs or go to an american high school in order to put yourself in the character shoes . 
  i remember a few years back when people used to go `` huawei ? 
  no one knows that , do n't buy it , it must be bad ! '', 
  and now it 's everywhere . 
  if my phone breaks or i need a new tablet i always go bq because i 'm happy with all the bq devices i 've purchased in the past , even though people in specialized forums talk bad about their products ( although i suppose there are always people talking bad about every brand and phone model out there ) i 've only known 2 people with samsumg phones and they both hated it because all the menus were different than normal android phones , and they had samsung because it was given to them by their phone company . 
  i do n't know about country wide trends or sale numbers , but everyone i know just goes to the store , looks at the phones around the price they want and pick the one they like the most without thinking or even knowing the brand . 
  in the end all androids ( i only know one person with an iphone ) except samsung have the same interface , the brand does n't matter . 
  i 'm fairly sure half my friends could n't tell their phone brand without looking at the phone, 
  `` do you have roads in spain ? '', 
  the only think i do n't like is that the man 's surname is the one that gets passed on but the mother 's one `` dies '' in every generation . 
  although i do n't really have any idea about how to fix that . 
  i have n't changed my post in 8 days , you can check by hovering the mouse over the asterisk left of `` 9 days ago '',
