  you can take your side in good conscience without appearing hipocritical . 
  especially since the small internet companies support net neutrality . 
  so supporting google in this case means supporting smaller businesses . 
  you can pick your side the ame way as if it 's citizen vs citizen . 
  i think it possibly has something to do with the size of the country as well . 
  in a country with 80 . 
  people no single regestrationcenter could store all licenses ( also provacy and such ) . 
  but due to the regional codes police can easily request the data of the driver by simply notifying the responsible regestration center . 
  the main lesson put of the holocaust was that any civilsation , no matter how modern or enlightened it seems , can fall back into unprecedented barbarism in a heartbeat . 
  this danger is still there and will always exist . 
  no i do n't feel responsible for was has happened , but i am responsible for what may happen . 
  it 's essentially `` legal '' ( probably not ) robbery . 
  especially since simply detaining people does n't need that much of an incentive ( hell they could just be pretty drunk ) . 
  imagine police would take away all your cash every time they see you drunk . 
  and even if they have to pay a fine : you do n't strip them and take their cash . 
  there are formal ways to do that . 
  beurocracity does n't exist for fun , it exists so that everyone is treazed equally . 
  `` recent '' by the first crusade the areas were in muslim hand for almost 200 years , maybe even longer if add the sassanid empire ( proto-islam ) . 
  the reason was mostly political because the pope at that point had to deal with an anti-pope and needed more influence . 
  wars are a great way to increase it . 
  topic at hand : the vikings would be best decribed as `` adventurers '' , as they did all from eploring to trading , fighting for the highest bidder or , yes : raiing . 
  it should be added however that a lot of raids were targeted towards monestaries and other church property ( as they were high value targets with almost zero defence ) . 
  however since the chucrh is also the ones who write the hisstory books , everyone that targets them will get the extra-demonic treatment compared to those that just kill civilians , but leave church property alone . 
  he is not authorized , but forced . 
  and not by the citizens but by the un refugee charta that hungary signed and ratified . 
  it is the law . 
  and no government should just ignore it . 
  add to this that even with 1.7 children it is below replacement numbers ( which stands at ~ 2.1 children per woman ) . 
  the .1 is to attribute all women that will either be infertile or die before they manage to raise offspring on their own . 
  same reason why germany 's walth is so low : we do n't have a lot of homeowners and more renters . 
  because owning a home is not always the most convenient solution , even if you can pay for it . 
  the idea of having to sell a home later ( for whatever reason ) is rather scary to most people , so a home is only in question if you can be relatively sure you 'll never leave your home area . 
  add to this that owning homes close to cities is expensive as fuck and cities have next to no room to expand anymore , as they are sorrounded by independent villages . 
  so the cities can only expand up to the other villages and then hope that a village will merge with the city so that they can expand even further , but most villages wo n't ( as it means less budget per inhabitant for them and less control over their budget in general ) . 
  well there are , but it 's a patchwork of state laws and other stuff you have to make sense of . 
  there is no centralized `` yo , you wan na immigrate ? 
  here 's the do 's and dont 's '' , which is still baffling . 
  the weirdest about it is that the csu , the guys now calling angela merkel out on her immigration views have been the biggest opponents of such a law . 
  because having an immigration law would mean to accept that germany is now an immigration nation , and that just ca n't be for an conservative party , better pretend not having many refugees by claiming such a law is unessecary . 
  and if they did n't the wre would have gone down anways , because it was too ig without all the important stuff ( most food and valuables were produvced in the ere ) . 
  the wre was simply unable to maintain it 's standard of living without the ressources the ere had ( which is why the ere became richer than ever before , as they now could just hoard everything for themselves ) . 
  the wre was fated to split into smaller kingdoms . 
  immigration has nothing to do with it . 
  the ere also let in tons of tribes , and while some were trouble , they also benefited theem in a big way ( especially as additional soldiers against real invadors , such as the huns or the sassanids ) . 
  hell in fact it probably prevented big civil wars , as they went in , thrown out the corrupt politicians that did nothing that could be considered `` governmental work '' and they tried the best to their abilities to keep up the roman lifestyle , but alas to no avail without the ressources ( most barbaric kings even pledged allegiance to the roman empire ) . 
  i ake small localized conflicts over huge wars any time . 
  even the feared sacking of rome by the vandals was more like and organized `` tax collection '' than what we consider as sacking ( burning everything , killing everyone ) ... buuuut since they also took church property and said church was the guys writing history books , they naturally describe history . 
   he greatly improved the economy in only a few years time , he gave interest free loans to newly married to start a family and a home , for each child they would get 25 % of the loan become a gift . 
  hitler greatly supported respect for women as one of the highest virtues of society . 
  to be fair though : the only way this could all be payed for was by enslaving others and plundering their wealth . 
  without ww2 nazi germany would 've crashed and burned economically . 
  to be fair though : a smart phone is probably one of the best tools to have to make the journey ( gps for maps , internet for social media for communication and tips etc. 
  ) , so even if you do n't have lots of money you probably would scrape together as much money as you can just to get this `` tool '' . 
  english is not the official language of the eu though , so it should not be a requirement . 
  helpful ? 
  yes . 
  but not a requirement . 
  especially since the moment you make english the main language , you will devalue every other anguage within the eu , which is against the point of coexisting . 
  even if they 'd won : creating an empire is `` easy '' , keeping it is an entirely different matter , just look at the empire of alexander the great or the mongolian mpire . 
  history is full of empires that barely held more than a few generations . 
  who knows if hitler 's successors would have been able to gather the same support or fall into some kind of power struggle that would have torn it apart . 
  no they 're not . 
  they are the head of a specific asian faction within the un in terms of human rights ( and that only due to bi-yearly rotation ) . 
  and this position is completely observational , they have no power whatsoever . 
  because there 's more to running a country than the immigration policy ? 
  or you know , just let a police officer fly with the deportee and handcuff them if necessary ( also cuff their feet if they kick around ) . 
  bonus points for having to pay the damages you do , even if you are poor and never actually pay up , these damages are quite the salt in the wound ( additionally these outstanding payments would keep them from returning ) . 
  actually everyone in the government is saying that labelling everyone speaking concerns is a racists is fucking dumb . 
  the government wants to encourage discourse , and they are ( officially ) concerned over refugee critics redeiving threads on soial media . 
  however the immigration critics also have the problem that under them too many real nazis use their criticism as an opportunity for recruitment and encitement for violence , so for outsiders the critics and the nazis are the same deal ( additionally the immigration critics also do a terrible job of outing the nazis among them ) . 
  i mean the afd eventually had so many racists in them , that the party split in two , now the afd is a party only about anti-immigration while the founder created a new party focused around the economic aspects they originally started as ... they never were specifically anti-immigration , but their eceonomic model aligned with anti-immigration politics so they attracted a lot of racists . 
  also i define racists as those that say like : `` the syrians came for our money '' , `` the syrians are criminals '' , `` the syrains want to destroy our way of life '' ... in other words , as soon as you start generalising an entire populace and throw an entire world region into the same pot ( middle-class syrians are nothing like the agriciultural turks from anatolia that came to germany half a century ago ... that 's like putting rural romanians on the same level as londoners ) . 
  as soon as people pull all their knowledge about someone from their `` place of origin '' and their religion is when people become racists . 
  ( howeverthere is still a worlds difference between being concerned and being hostile to something . 
  i am concerned to all the refugees , but i am not hostile to the syrian ones , if anything i am hostile to the balkan refugees , especially since it always seems that they are the agitators of all these brawls happening lately . 
  free speech is not surpressed in any way , the critics just do a piss poor job at getting their point accross without just `` rambling incoherently '' . 
  it should be added that a lot of these people have a `` where the fuck are they ? '', 
  in the authoroties notes , so they either hide , or they simply went home without informing the authoroties ( which actually seems to be the majority ... numbers would n't support the opposite , as these hundreds of thousands could only life a criminal life ) . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i actually did both , i have an apprenticeship in informatics ( though not programmer , however others in my company did exactly that ) and am now in university . 
  you have no idea what programming rojects looks like if that 's what you say . 
  the majority of programmers does not design any algorithms whatsoever . 
  these algorithms are predetermined either by engineers , mathematicians or studies programmers . 
  they simply translate these algorithms into the code of choice . 
  i want to repeat : this is the vast majority of programmers . 
  they have no degree . 
  also the majority of software does n't require complex algoritms . 
  the majority are office management systems or simply website scripts . 
  which is why the swizz do n't have a big action hero , i guess . 
  i bet people said the same about christianity once , and look what happened ... 
  you bet your ass you arestill going to get shunned by your community , family and friends in many parts of poland if you get out of the church or convert . 
  no , that 's not how it works . 
  insults only work for personal attacks e.g. 
  `` you should just fucking die ! '', 
  attacks on something you believe in are not insults in the eye of the law . 
  privately organized in a non-private space ... 
  well , in a killers mind he is never the bad guys , but everyone else is . 
  * notified for eviction eviction is a lengthy process in germany that takes several months . 
  you ca n't just throw people out of the door , she still has a long time to get legal council and sue the town . 
  depends on .
