  same wage for same work , and the costs of living will even out on its own . 
  especially since the costs of living are different everywhere in germany ... by that logic every single state would need an own minimum wage . 
  the only reason east german workers are paid less is because the companies can get through with it . 
  there are also a lot of risks of simply going around minimum wage , which have to be tackled as well , or else it could become worse . 
  there is also a lot of beaurocratic new challenges minimum wage will introduce . 
  i want minimum wage as soon as possible , but i want it done right . 
  if everyone would earn about the same amount of money , the costs of living would be the same as well . 
  and what about people who work in munich but live in a town with much lower costs ? 
  we neither know if he ever killed anyone nor if he ever would have ( not every militant islamist becomes directly involved into combat or a suicide bomber ) . 
  also the article does n't even say if he was part of a terroristic organization ( it is unknown ) , it is only known that he went to syria to `` support the rebels '' ( and not all rebels are part of the taliban or alquaida ) but since he is dead now we may never find out . 
  it comes pretty much down to : being able to be who you really are , unless it hurts other people . 
  while it sucks for homosexual couples to wait 2 more years , i highly doubt that these 76 % will change their opinion in that time ... if anything equal marriage will just gain more supporters . 
  yeah because we 've all seen how much `` liberty '' , `` security '' and `` democracy '' recent military interventions got us . 
  also germany is n't officially allowed to send it 's army to foreign nations ... our constitution forbids it . 
  the bundeswehr only exists to defend german soil from enemy forces , meaning that , at best , military invention on foreign soil is only possible if either : a. ), 
  there is an immediate threat for germany b. ), 
  we have to defend a military ally from being attacked ( which is why we had to join in afgahnistan , as the u.s. said it was self defence ) . 
  to allow military interventions for other purposes we have to ive a central part of the constitution ( which describes the entire purpose of our military ) an overhaul ... and good luck with that . 
  also :  the fact that the holocaust was brought to an end by means of war , for instance , was simply forgotten . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  i do n't even know how to answer to that about how retarded that is !, 
  though the underpaid businesses are usually the ones that do n't produce and more in a service sector . 
  workers get paid relatively well here , as they are mostly highly qualified jobs , were even the lowest mechanic has a specialized 3 year apprenticeship before doing so , the typical mass producing worker has become quite rare nowadays . 
  [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/erwerbstaetigeundbeschaeftigungsstrukturdeutschland1997.png ) you see the break up of employees in the different sectors . 
  only the primary sector ( green ) and part of the secondary ( yellow ) can be considered your average worker . 
  the rest are employees in services . 
  in 2010 only 26.5 % of all working people were part of the primary and secondary sectors . 
  that means that paying workers more has next to no effect on the masses of tourism at all . 
  jobs that do n't really require an apprenticeship , such as a driver in logistics , postman etc. 
  those are the highly underpaid jobs . 
  especially since specialized workers are more and more in demand , they do n't really have to fear for their paycheck , there was a discussion a few years ago to get foreign workers ( temporarily ) to work in germany to fill the empty spots . 
  germany is still one of the countries were the most people go on vacation . 
  the aryans are a synonym for the indo-germanian people who wandered from india all the way to germany thousands of years ago . 
  idk to which grnrtic group the indo-germanians belong to . 
  fun fact : the law does n't exist anymore ( since 29.05.2013 ) as it was introduced as an emergency measure against bse . 
  the risk of bse is gone now , so the law is n't needed anymore . 
  please ... calling merkel thatcher is implying that she actually does something . 
  if anything then sch\u00e4uble ( our financial minister ) is the one responsible for austerity . 
  also austerity ** in combination ** with structural reforms bring a country back on it 's feet , you would call that consolidation then . 
  greece was great in the austerity part , because they can claim they were forced to do it ( which they were , to be fair ) . 
  but it does n't seem to look so hot in the reform part there ( and sadly reforms can take up to a decade and more to finally show effect ... a decade for which greece alone does n't have the money for , so it is austerity either way ) , and that 's something you ca n't blame germany for . 
  i guess the problem is that the public sector in greece was so inflated , that they scared away private companies which could catch the unemployed by expanding into fields which the public sector drops out of austerity measurements . 
  early ? 
  it 's only a month until election ( 22.09 ) !, 
  campaigns usually start about half a year before election ( latest 3 months before election ) . 
  also it cleaned up our cities ( and especially parks ) a lot , since this law is for pet bottles , plastic bottles , glass and cans . 
  i think that this law was a very major point in cleaning up our cities , without actually spending more in city-cleaning . 
  okay that 's a thing . 
  that they did n't extradict him ' 57 ... nazism was still very much in the head of people ... but after that , but hey ... that 's bavaria for you - . - . 
   the ruling party tried to sneak a last minute pre-summer break constitutional change but it 's coalition partners and the opposition botched it . 
  it was about allowing the prosecution of politically motivated crimes committed during the years of communist rule this is actually one of the reasons why the relationship between croatia and germany is ... difficult and why merkel refused to visit the celebrations of croatia 's joining to the eu , she sent some low diplomat instead , nit even our foreign minister was good enough , to the embarassment of the croatian government . 
  see , there happened several murders in germany where jugoslawian agents murdered dissidents who fled and lived in germany as german citizens . 
  germany demands the extradiction of these murderers , so that they can be brought to justice and appearantly , croatia still protects them . 
  i mean , us germans prosecuted ( and still prosecute ) nazis and sed members/stasi agents , our government expects the same from other ex-dictatures . 
  croatia may have a hard time in the eu if they do n't please germany in that regard . 
  here is a list of all assassinations by the jugoslawian state security administration on [ foreign soil . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_security_administration#eliminations.5b4.5d ), 
  what they know is that if you slaughter an unconcious pig in front of another , the other one wo n't notice it ( stress levels do not increase ) ... 
  however if the slaughtered pig squeals in pain , then it causes panic in all other pigs around ... also adrenaline makes the meat bad and decreases it 's quality ... so beside ethical concerns , slaughtering only stunned animals is also an economical concern . 
  i guess you did n't even read the article ... you know , if the human rights court decided 16 to 1 that there was a breach in human rights you can be damn sure that there was one . 
  i like how northern europe refers to beer as '' \u00d6l '' or '' \u00d8l '' which means `` oil '' in german . 
  so i guess `` ale '' is just an different way to say '' \u00d6l '' . 
  you can argue , that this was a temporary measure to catch this specific criminal , and as long as they delete all unnecessary data after his conviction it will be fine ( i think ) . 
  it is however an entirely different matter to monitor every citizen at all time because he could be a potential criminal and not even nail it down for a specific crime that happened and you wish to find out who did it . 
  `` fahrfrust '' or `` driving frustation '' would hit it best ( since we have the word `` fahrfreude '' , driving joy , which describes having fun while driving ) . 
  however frustration and rage are different ( though rage usually comes from frustration ) . 
  thing is the nsa prism thing is legal because of their patriotic act . 
  we do n't have spmething like that here ( yet ) . 
  so if we discover them doing it , it will immedeatly be illegal and has to be put on halt ( unlike the us where the nsa is probably still getting their data from prism as we speak ) . 
  also you forget that privacy concerns in germany are exceptionally high ( compared to the rest of the world ) . 
  : every database has to be used for it 's intended reason and for that reason only , exceptions are court orders , so abuse is less likely ( though i ca n't say it is impossible ) and germany still , as one of the only eu countries ( if not the only ) , still does n't have the collection of every internet connection for 6 or so months . 
  we had one but that was shelved by our constitutional court . 
  their reason was that if you treat every citizen like a potentional criminal , then that speaks of a severly disturbed relationship between government and population , a relationship which has no place in a democracy . 
  we do n't have a new ( constitution friendly ) law for that now , so germany could face a fine from the eu of 100 mio $ ... per day !, 
  ( fuck you too , eu ! ), 
  there are many things i do n't like about my home country ... but our constitutional right for privacy is one of the things i 'm proud of ... privacy scandals can and will still happen , but the backlash in our society will be much greater than in other countries . 
  also we are less willing to give up our privacy for `` security '' therefore limiting shit like prism in the first place . 
  not the same thing as the law was/is that this one can only be used on individuals after a court order . 
  the version our federal police used was shitty and unsafe so they pulled it , after the ccc reversed engineered it and found out that it could actually be used to plant false evidence on the suspects computer . 
  but even if they would use a safe and completly legal version : it would n't have been in the same degree as prism and tempora , especially since the bundestrojaner ( and the law behind it ) was made for the police and therefor suspects in our own country . 
  it also would n't have worked , as prism/tempora , because you would need to infect every single computer with that one . 
  and if you infect millions upon millions of people with that thing , it would have been only a matter of time until people would find out how to block it , rendering it useless ( even without the reverse engineering of the ccc ) . 
  yes it was a privacy/police boundry scandal , but it pales in comparison to both scale and illegitimy in comparison to prism/tempora . 
  is n't the point of a sniper not to be ( easily ) spotted ? 
  yeah , because keeping children away from sexual things help so much against teen pregnancies and stds . 
  / s e.g. 
  look [ here ] ( http://thesocietypages.org/socimages/files/2010/10/capture4.jpg ) , [ here ] ( http://www.whychurch.org.uk/images/charts/ch_teen_pregnancy.png ) or [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/ff/teenage_birth_rate_per_1000_women_15%e2%80%9319%2c_2000-09.svg/1000px-teenage_birth_rate_per_1000_women_15%e2%80%9319%2c_2000-09.svg.png ) , the more they leave their kids ignorant towards sexuality , the more likely it is for them to become pregnant early . 
  also do n't forget the shame behind adult people ( and singles ) who have to opt out of that , because they have to think of the kids they do n't have . 
  this form of censorship can also easily applied to political websites and blogs , whose opinions `` are n't suited '' for children or shit like that . 
  even if you work in english , you still need to speak german in the public . 
  ( at least for croceries and other stuff ) also speaking the langua ge of your host conutry would help against lonliness , as you can make friends easier . 
  the question is , wether an english work environment helps learning german ( because lower entry barrier and therefore you are more encouraged to move to a different country ) or hinders you , as you speak less german per day . 
  national socialism is just a name , it 's not even a real ideology ( as ideologies have scientific and philosophical model of eceonomy and society behind them ) . 
  ns was just a bunch of wild rambling and the nazis pretty much stole their party program and promises from all other parties ( important was that they get votes ) . 
  actually at one point the `` left '' leaning nazis ( as left as a nazi can even be ) questions the socialist aspects in the party , and why nothing the party does is socialist . 
  what did hitler do ? 
  he got rid of them . 
  the national socialist party was as socialist , as cow lasagne is actually made out of cow . 
  also politics have more than one dimensions ( left and right ) , there are also the liberal/autokrat dimension and the progressive/conservative dimension ( maybe even more ) . 
  so instead of positioning a party on a line , you have to post them at a single point in a three dimensional room to get their position accurately .
