  however you need to understand this as well : we germans have our apprenticeships , so payed internships would be in between them with neither all the pros of an apprenticeship for the apprentice nor with all the pros of a free internship for the employer making them useless in a certain way ... 
  i hate how often this very very important aspect about the german job culture ( it 's centuries old ... a seamless transition of the old master/apprentice/journeyman system ) is often forgotten or ignored , because not many countries have a comparable system , so they measure germany by their own standards . 
  forced labor ! = slavery because the most important facts are missing : your owner not only owns you , but all your decendants as well . 
  and they can do whatevre they want to you and your family legally ( rape , kill , torture and whatnot ) without punishment , just because they feel like it . 
  with most frced labor ( e.g. 
  a convict having to serve community work ) at least some sort of work regulation exists . 
  yes forced labor sucks , but putting it at the same level of slavery belittles slavery . 
  and then comes the nato as well ... even if lithuania would n't be in the nato ... other countries such as germany would be , which in result would trigger the entire nato to join ( meaning turkey , us and canada would join ) then after that the us could try to include the seato ( basically the pacific nato ) meaning that australia , new zealand , thailand etc. 
  would join as well . 
  relly any direct warfare of russia against a eu state could basically result in a wwiii scale war , with russia being pretty much alone against the rest of the world ( and china woould most likely stay neutral , as they would have nothing to gain , but only to lose by declaring war on the us and the eu ... theuir greatest trade partners and basically main source of income ) . 
  they are , but this lobby is so powerful and really good at hiding their evidence , but everyone knows they are a cartell . 
  reintroducing nuclear will grant another problem : it will enpower the energy cartell/lobby made up by [ rwe , eon , vattenfall and enbw ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5b/regelzonen_deutscher_%c3%9cbertragungsnetzbetreiber.jpg ) again , which lost a bit of influence because their `` stongest '' weapon was taken away from them ... smaller companies became more competitive that way . 
  so while in short term germany may be able to handle it 's energy problems that way , it wil be bad for consumers long term . 
  ( unless we compromise and let nuclear energy be completly state owned and operated or something ), 
  if it shows anything than that getting rid of nuclear energy had a rather small effect on actual production costs . 
  especially since renting is still extremly popular in germany , even if you can afford a house . 
  one of the reasons germany is doing so `` well '' is because it has still a working industry . 
  industry is n't so heavily subjected to markets/banks and bubbles ( at least not as heavily ) as other parts of the economy ( such as housing and services , everything with finances ) and is in conclusion a more stable form of economy , as long as you have access to ressources . 
  would be interesting to se a map with how much countries have risen/fallen in their rank ( and then make a map that combines both ) ... the us dropped 13 ( ! ), 
  ranks this year . 
  because nk allows * some * foreign journalists to work in their country ( although under serious control ) . 
  in eritrea all journalism is banned , there is only propaganda . 
  it was meant kind-of satirical ... some uk politicians actually blame the eu for the floods , because the eu appereantly cut their budget for flood-protection ... however that was entirely the decision of the uk government to cut this budget . 
  and my source is ( currently ) only in german . 
  though i could give you a shitty google [ translation ] ( http://translate.google.de/translate?sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=de&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tagesschau.de%2fausland%2fflut-briten100.html&amp;act=url ) . 
  because if they did they could n't blame the eu for the flood ( like some uk politicians do right now ) . 
  offered to take him in , not to pay the movement . 
  and if you neuter you still have to feed it , keep it healthy etc. 
  which stretches the zoo 's ressources , as well as neutered animals mean no offspring , the primary goal of a zoo . 
  however that begs the question why they even bothered breeding their giraffes if they had n't space for them anyways , unless it 's similar to breeding cattle : only a few males are needed , females are kept `` excess '' males are slaughtered . 
  because moving animals between zoos is very expensive ( especially for big animals like giraffes , you need special containers for those ) , and most zoos have to count every every dime three times to survive . 
  if the zoo would have the money to move it , it would have the money to keep it alive as well ... it had neither of those . 
  ( and other zoos probably would n't have paid for the move ... there really is n't a demand of giraffes in zoos , after all ... ), 
  germany has a similar system ... 
  however : these channels are still the ones with the most ( actually ) educational programming out there and compared to private channels ( at least in germany ) they still do some real journalism . 
  so i see public channels similar to the school system : i may be without children and i may not go to school anymore , but i still pay taxes for the school system , because a good education is good for the entire nation ... same goes for quality programming ( well our public channels have a lot of shit targeted for the elderly , but in comparison to private channels they still have the better originals in the whole ... bought series from other countries do n't really count ) , so that there is at least a standard for journalism in the country , no matter how shit private news corporations become . 
  however germany at least went to a new system which handles the payment a little bit more like a tax ... so the more money you have , the more you pay . 
  that at least makes it easier for the less wealthy . 
  but in the end a lot of news , or better `` news '' outlets are dependent on the industry for advertisments ( that 's how they actually make a profit , lot 's of readers only means that you can sell ad-space more expensive ) and i bet the industry sure as hell does n't want to leave the eu . 
  the eu was really angry with germany about that one , bet germany had the excuse of the reunification , which , no one doubts , is fucking expensive making the entire half of the nation was economically 40 years behind the other half . 
  ( afaik over 50 % of the entire german national debt can be directly attributed to the reunification process ) . 
  so that deficit was kind of inevitable . 
  though it could have been done much better leading to a way lower debt , we bprobably still would have gone over the 3 % ( although for a shorter period ) . 
  since the costs that caused this debt were n't directly dependend on `` bad economy '' ( at least in west germany ) . 
  and germany was still `` lucky '' enough to be one of the biggest net contributors to the eu . 
  it 's similar to debt you have to take after e.g. 
  a natural disaster strikes you , it is something pretty much outside your control . 
  now i ca n't really say if the `` free pass '' was justified or not , but germany at least had a reason why it was impossible for them to go under 3 % . 
  the piigs states on the ther hand were warned over and over again by economists for years that their lifestyle can not uphold their economy , and that their economy is often based on bubbles ( e.g. 
  spain and the housing bubble ) . 
  so here others say `` you should have seen this one coming and you did nothing to ( try to ) prevent it ! '', 
  and are in return less forgiving and harsher with them . 
  it 's simply because the younger generation prefers sweet stuff mix-drinks ( beer-cola etc. ), 
  and cocktails and such , with almost no taste of alcohol or straight out spirits and vodka were the alc is so strong it burns inside you ( the only important thing there is to pretty much get drunk as quick as possible , taste does n't really matter , at least from my experience ) . 
  it 's simply that `` normal '' beer is not in such high demand anymore . 
  if the purity las were the reason because german beer is falling , then why do n't the numbers of foreign beers ( which do not abide to these laws ) rise in the same rate ? 
  well the lawyers which sent the request referred to redtube as a `` tauschb\u00f6rse '' , meaning `` warez/torrent site like piratebay . 
  though it was the judges fault not to look into it further . 
  actually ... 
  the hated agenda 2010 , a packet of reforms and pretty much our austerity plan of the last decade , which introduced a lot of cuts and was our austerity plan pretty much saved germany in the crisis years and are now a big reason why germany is now doing so economically well . 
  merkel just is at the right time at the right place to earn the praise ( and the spd gets , rightfully , hated for introducing dumping wages with agenda 2010 ), 
  also our cartell guys regu \u00b4 lary investigate these companies , but never find solid proof . 
  but it is a well known secret that they make negeotiate their prices themselves . 
  that 's why i am mostly against `` nuclear '' . 
  without ( subsidied ) nuclear energy smaller ( and often greener ) companies are able to compete better against the big ones , which ultimately benefits the costumer even more than having nuclear energy , but enterly in the hands of a quasi-monopoly . 
  actually several studies and other investigations showed that nuclear energy ( in germany ) showed that for the costumer they did n't mnake energy cheaper . 
  at all . 
  the effect was simply that their profits got higher . 
  the prices for the costumers would be the same , wether nuclear exists or not ( unless the companies wanted to prove a point by artficially increasing prices , just like with nuclear energy ) . 
  yes , that 's why it is no wonder that even conservative/right wing people participate . 
  it 's less about the eu , but more about standing up against the big bully russia . 
  at least that 's what i think . 
  do you remember the time were sports was n't used for politics , propaganda and ideology ? 
  me , neither ... 
  does it mean native speakers or simply that they can russian ? 
  big difference between those two . 
  just because i can speak english relatively well does n't mean , that i want to join the uk/us . 
  even if it succeeds : croatia is part of the eu now , and the referendum wo n't do shit if the eu decides that this would be discrimination . 
  equal rights of homosexuals become more and more accespted within the eu , i bet that in a decade or so ( max . 
  20 years ) equal rights for homesexuals will be a eu agenda . 
  the referendum wo n't stop that , it will however slow the prgress down . 
  funny thing though : the spd and csu are the winners in the deal ( especially spd ) , even though the cdu was the winner o the election . 
  the reason is that the cdu had only one thing to advertise during the elections : merkel . 
  they had no concept and no plan for the future government . 
  the spd ( and csu ) did . 
  so even though the spd lost the election , they kind of won the coalition poker , they just wo n't lead the government . 
  though even on such shitty weather the energy output from the sun is massive , but ( current ) photolvoltaic can hold maybe a fraction of the energy that actually hits it . 
  also renewables are more than just solar ... 
  it should always be an even mix of solar , wind and maybe water , because if theres no wind , then the day is most likely sunny ... if it is cloudy , there is most likely wind . 
  well it 's not like people then have a choice to choose cheaper businesses , do they ? 
  however it becomes problematic with our seniors , who already have financial troubles , especially in the east , and they wo n't profit from minimum wage at all . 
  aah hamburg district court , the lapdog of all patent trolls and ip sharks . 
  even if he gets sentenced , there is a high chance a higher court would lift it . 
  the only problem i see is that he posted a din ... these are , similar to ieee or iso , standards , not laws , and are not exactly free to read about ( full ieee or iso texts cost money as well ) . 
  however since they are eu mandated would it make them laws ? 
  do they become automatically free then ? 
  or is it simply the eu saying : if you want to produce something , read up the standards , but you will have to pay for them yourself !, 
  and a lower minimum wage in the east would cement the differences in the standard of living for several more decades . 
  as of now the average earnings of an east german in public sector are [ 28 % lower than in the west and 40-35 % lower in the private sectors ] ( http://www.fr-online.de/arbeit---soziales/gehalt-lohnluecke-zwischen-ost-und-west-bleibt,1473632,24503920.html ) ... and i hardly believe that the average costs of living in the west are that much higher than in the east . 
  ( especially luxury and entertainment goods ... they always cost the same no matter where you are ) .
