  i can say it 's mostly a `` yes , but ... '' in other words : we bail you out only after seeing substential reforms . 
  but greece did n't even manage to do that . 
  meaning : if you 'd ask them to give them money right now you would get a huge `` no '' . 
  ... because you magically conjure goods out of your ass , especially in a nation with little natural resources and 150th out of 183 in freedom to do business . 
  yeah , facebook is weird that way and a lot of people are unaware of it . 
  too many people directly upload pictures of other websites to their gallery instead of hotlinking them , and then act surprised when i tell them that this is a copyright infringement . 
  linking is ok , uploading not . 
  alternatively you could do a public dropbox etc. 
  folder for your photos and link those to facebook . 
  you technically o not upload it to them in this case . 
  not for commercial use at least . 
  you may not sell image containing those ( without paying license fees ) . 
  devaluation for what ? 
  it 's not like switching to drachma will result in their debts switching to drachma , too . 
  they will still be in euro . 
  beaches , yes . 
  sand , no . 
  i mean , you can ask me for free , since it is still commonly used in german to either refer to a terroristic attack or an assassination . 
  but yeah , it 's bullshit to use a word ( or speak in a language ) the majority of the subreddit is unfamiliar with . 
  this is n't just a cultural thing but normal human behaviour . 
  the bigger the group the mor we want to shove responsibilities to someone else . 
  it requires great willpower for someone to break out and start , but when he/she does , finding help is rather easy , it 's like dominoes falling ... someone has to throw done the first piece for the chain reaction to start . 
   it 's a rather big house good for you , but not everyone has the luxury of privacy in his parents home and other forms of independence . 
  also : others will see you as dependent on your parents , unable to live on your own like a big child , no matter how good you have it . 
  dem tasty juice . 
  both as a way to earn more money ( so the state has more lft for pensions ) as well as geriatric care robots . 
  and while robots taking care of people seems `` heartless '' studies across the elderly came to the conclusion : if old people have the choice , they 'd rather have an individual caretaker 24/7 , but that 's impossible ( no matter how the demography looks like ) so they 'd much rather have a robot than constantly have ever changing strangers take care of them ( which also includes rather intimate and embarassing things e.g. 
  help on the toilet ) . 
  should n't it be the other way around ? 
  the music companies needing to provide evidence that it does hurt ... otherwise it 'd too easy to ban shit . 
  who knows what will happen in the long run . 
  i mean : depopulated areas also mean cheap housing prices , and seeing how living costs everywhere else in germany are exploding ... and it 's not like the big german cities can just `` build '' . 
  you need space to expand , space these cities do n't have ( as they are sorrounded by independend villages , these cities have no jurisdiction over them ) . 
  also : my city of birth ( schwerin ) has surprisingly amazing internet for a less than 100k city . 
  would be an amazing place to house an internet company , as you only need good connection speeds and low rents . 
  we have no idea what will happen in just 10 years . 
  we always try to project the status quo towards a long future , but especially in this modern world , that 's a pretty much useless thing to do . 
  while this specific example seems dumb ( free speech 'n all ) , i can also see where the court is coming from . 
  i mean : what about doxxing ? 
  death threats ? 
  bullying ? 
  all these things are part of `` user comments '' , but result in real life crimes . 
  now the question about this decision is : what defines a `` timely reaction '' for a website opeartor ? 
  peta ( as much as i hate them ) already warned ages ago that this specific elephant is a potential danger , as his confined containment leads to mental problems . 
  also : appearently someone `` helped '' the elephant to escape . 
  if that turns out to be true , that someone let him free , than this person can be charged ranging from negligent homocide to manslaughter . 
  there are probably ways to inflict horrible pain without leaving visible marks . 
  horrible parents can become quite inventive when it comes to torturing their own children . 
  like electroshocks . 
  so it seems kind of like a slippery slope . 
  actually he was n't . 
  he never got a ruling majority before become chancellor . 
  he was elected chancellor by the old , now pretty dement , president as an emergency measure . 
  only after that hitler was `` elected '' . 
  but that was more because he now had the power to change the rules of elections in his favor . 
  yeah , but you always buy a complete season , not single chapters . 
  nobody does anything because the eu thinks it would punish germany for being successful , which would set a bad precedent for other eu members . 
  i know that berlin was projected to have more than 10 million inhabitants back when a lot of infrastructure ( e.g. 
  sewer system ) was constructed . 
  it was thought that berlin would become the biggest city in europe . 
  however the two wws and 40 years of separation kind of destroyed it . 
  that 's why brlin has a problem that people actually use too little water to keep the water in the sewer system moving , so they have to use expensive ( and not really environmentally friendly ) chemicals to keep it clean . 
  a problem , sure . 
  but infinite population growth is the much greater one here . 
  and even if population stays stable the planet will hardly have enough ressources so everyone could live a comfortable life . 
  so we have to choose the lesser evil of them both . 
  seeing how she was n't originally the german candidate ... 
  the real one who won said it would be `` too much '' for him and bailed . 
  i bet each stakeholder in an initiative sends a short explanation to the responsible authority and they simply print it . 
  they may be limited in how much they can write . 
  i do n't think the government itself writes the positions of each group . 
  and what if they are citizens of the state ? 
  would be kind of easy for any government to say `` this dude totally a terrorist guys '' and take away all your rights as a citizen . 
  and that 's why you define the tasks of an apprenticeship closely and have a watchdog against the exploitation of apprentices . 
  in germany apprentices need to log everything they do , so the watchdog ( the ihk - chanmber of industry and trade ) can see that you 've learned everything reqquired at your place . 
  basically the ability to teach others is not a right but a privilege , that can taken away from any company . 
  if a company refuses to teach an apprentice the necessary skill or even refuses to send them to trade-school ( that oes parallel to the apprenticeship ) , they will lose their license for apprenticehip . 
  additionally apprentices have a special protection from getting fired . 
  they can only be fired for bad behaviour or within the 6 months `` testing period '' ( but they can also freely quit in that time ) ... after that the employer has to see the training through up until the very end ( even if they fail the final exam and have to repeat it ) . 
  now : hell no in 2115 : mabye ? 
  in 2215 : likely . 
  we needto get rid of the `` extrawurst '' ( all these exception ) for all the member states first , then we need united tax and wage system . 
  we have to ease into a united nation before we become it . 
  also a politically stable nation with more than one language is possible . 
  look at india ( development of society and cultural stability are different issues here ) . 
  do n't forget : even though the potential may not be as high as the rest of europe : the potential energy that can be harvested from the sun is still absolutely insane and can easily provide for all your needs ( that is : if you can save enough energy for the winter ) . 
  you just have to properly harvest it . 
  they still exist , but are not as loud as they used to . 
  especially since for now the iraq/afghanistan missions are over . 
  the biggest issue right now is about the spying and the police/big brother state that is the u.s. 
  it 's just not as popular in the mainstream right now , so it does n't get the same recognition . 
  add to this : left wing policies are all over in europe , iven in conservative led nations ( among these policies are : mandatory vacations , maternity leave , universal healthcare `` relatively '' strong unions etc. ), 
  and the outright refusal of the u.s. to adopt these ( among other international treaties such as the human right declaration , the ban on cluster bombs and land mines etc. ), 
  is still a huge point of criticism . 
  so yes : it 's still there , just not as loud and obnoxious as it used to . 
  it 's a bit more `` down to earth '' now . 
  depends on the point of view . 
  ecologically , the lower fertility rates are a blessing ( less humans using less resources ) . 
  it 's bad mostly for the elderly . 
  and i think this is a problem that can be solved .
