especially since china has nothing to fear from russia , if anything it should be the opposite . 
  china will never submit to anyone , espceially not after the century of shame and especially especcially not to a country weaker than them . 
  maybe because it does n't get warm enough in summer for the lakes to `` dry out '' ? 
  could be the more to the south the warmer summers ( and also warmer winters ) prevent lakes to form unless there is a constant influx of river water . 
  also the ownership of cats exploded , and they can do a surprising amount of damage on the local critter/bird population , especially since the density of cats is much higher than the natuiral density of predators could ever be in that area . . 
  that what teamwork 's about : you work together with others towards a certain goal , even if you individually have less influence , the efficiency boost in teamwork makes up for it ( all in all ) . 
  you imply that spain has no say in it 's own matters , which simply is n't true at all . 
  they simply ca n't use eu money as they like and have to do the best in their power not to become a burden . 
  individually making economic politics is no guarantee for success . 
  in the eu , if you succeed you may have less of your reward , as you have to share it ( on the other hand : other will share their successes with you as well ... eu money finances a lot of projects accross the eu ) , and if you fail others will help you . 
  on the other hand : if you work alone all your money belongs to you ... however if you fail no one will help you . 
  an economic crisis could by be worse by several magnitudes . 
  a lot of countries would now be much less successful without the eu , including spain , ireland and poland . 
  thinking spain/ireland would n't have been in a crisis without the eu is ignoring where the crisis comes from ( hint : it was neither the euro nor the eu ) and devaluing the currency a lot of people say is not a recipe to get rid of debts , it can even make things much worse ( master example : germany in the 1920s ) . 
  btw . 
  when the gdr produced something then the order of who got what was as the following : 1 . exported to the west ( because money ! ), 
  2 . exported to the ussr 3 . exported to the remaining warsaw pact nations 4 . exported to socialist nations outside the warsaw pact 5 . 
  for the gdr itself . 
  in other words : the inhabitants of the gdr produced for themselves last , and i could think poland was very similar . 
  so either the ussr was a blach hole were goods just disappeared , and/or the nations were so inefficient that they had to export the absolute majority to the west , just to stay liquid in budget . 
  could be the combat lines of an olfd battlefield were a stalemate happened or something ... to the front lines instead became the border . 
  the hero of / pol / it seems . 
  what i often find funny as a german : when our politicians talk about good education models they always say `` finland '' ... however germany once had a very similar model : back in the gdr . 
  so they could just say `` use the gdr model '' and at least ~ 16 mio . 
  would know what they 'd mean , as they have experienced it themselves ... bet hell forbid them to ever say something positive about the gdr . 
  well , it 's not like the ukrainean winter is your usual winter ... it does get into `` russian winter '' territory here . 
  while the drones may be able to operate during german/french/britian winter , ukraine is an entirely different thing , so obviously the devices were never tested for this . 
  ( especially since there actual region of operation would be the middle eastern area , were it 's much warmer than that ) . 
  also afghanistan is the only one were the army actually has a more military oriented mandate that could count as wars . 
  all these other missions are un humanitarian or observation missions . 
  or they made a proper call for proposals and choosing process . 
  the problem with those is that the public body ( in germany ) is legally forced to choose the cheapest bidder ( because taxes ) . 
  however due to that praxis a lot of bidders will simply give unrealistic numbers to be chosen . 
  once they have the contract and the project is underway `` unexpected '' costs will `` suddenly '' start to appear . 
  if the public body has more freedom in choosing the bidder , than you can bet that they would choose a more realistic one , and since his promises are n't ( as ) empty compared to the others you will get your project ( relatively ) in time and with ( almost ) no extra costs . 
  my dad works fpr schindler elevators & escelators , and this practise of `` only the cheapest bidder '' is the exact reason why they do n't participate in proposas for government funded projects anymore . 
   liberal and socialist ( compared to the rather conservative rest of the country ) is n't that generally the case with big-city inhabitants ? 
  i mean austria does n't really have a lot of big cities but the same rule applies to germany : all of bavaria is conservative as hell , except munich . 
  also germanies city-states ( berlin , bremen and hamburg ) are very strong in the `` red '' sector . 
  the majority of the time they are in the hands of the social-democrats . 
  the problem is that let 's say 51 % vote for independence and a few months later 2 % change their mind ( very likely as independence often brings years of economical hardships ) and want to go back to the uk again , what then ? 
  go back to the uk just like that ? 
  the majority needs to be strong enough to survive these short term sentiment changes . 
  define `` done '' . 
  you mean like duke nukem forever `` done '' ? 
  well ... it 's hochtief , no wonder with this company . 
  afaik this project was planned way before germany planned to halt it 's nuclear reactors . 
  these plans are made 20-25 years before their execution , simply because resettlement itself is so complicated and natural habitats and yadayada ... also the people will usually get money to leave , much more than what their homes are actually worth ( unless they play hard and poker too high , then the government can just take their property away ... but that 's just in theory , doing this would ensure riots and sabotage ) . 
  now . 
  this still means people are losing their homes , their heriatage and nature will be destroyed , something a `` little '' money can not replace . 
  but it 's still a better solution than what most people imagine right now , nor was it a very recent decision . 
  another factor : a lot of these villages are already dying ... the young people go away because there are no jobs and only the elderly stay . 
  one way or the other this would probably be the village 's last generation anyway . 
  this is also one of the reasons that makes a village a bulldozing candidate : bad future . 
  further read [ here ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/lausitzer_braunkohlerevier#umsiedlung ) but this wikipedia article is only available in german, 
  in the end no money = no soldiers . 
  however this is playing the long game and it may take time ukraine does n't have . 
  fun fact : the german secret service estimates that only about 0.1 % of muslims in germany are salafists ... and just being a salafist does n't automatically make you a jihadist ( but a symphatisant however ) . 
  and in this case i trust their estimate ... racial profiling is their job , it does n't matter to them how illegal or morally questionable it is . 
  sadly i have no written source right now ... 
  i heard that in an interview during a documentory an 9/11 and what happend in the muslim world in the last 13 years ... it was actually quite enlighting as it shows that most of the muslim world is fucking pissed at organizations such as is , al quaeda , taliban etc. 
  especially since wages also depends on stuff such as taxes and ( mandatory ) insurance both for you and your employer . 
  as long as these things are n't unified in the eu wages never will be as well . 
  i would n't just say that ... in the end it 's pure market demand and i think even a lot of swedes would like to listen to their favourite shows in swedish , if they had high quality dubs available to them . 
  the problem is simply : has las than 10 mio . 
  inhabitants while e.g. 
  german has about ~ 100 mio . 
  native speakers accross europe , while france and spain still have a lot of oversea territories or other countries where their language is spoken natively . 
  even if the english proficiency of the german speaking populus were on par with sweden : with so many people around you not only get a higher market pressure to dub , but you also have a much larger pool of talented voice actors to work with . 
  i mean i speak english fairly well , but if i have the choice between the english original and a ** great ** german dub , than i will choose the later and watch it in english after . 
  if the dub is just `` meh '' than of course it will be english . 
   it 's as if the onion formed an actual political party -- and actually got votes . 
  because that 's exactly what they are , the partei was founded as a `` practical '' arm of the satirical magaizine `` titanic '' . 
  nationalism is actually `` good '' if you are n't a united nation . 
  nationalism is e.g. 
  one of the reasons a lot of african countries get their shit together : they do n't just feel themselves as members of a tribe vs another tribe anymore but rather as members of their nation , meaning when they go voting they are now starting to vote for the more capable canditate rather than the candidate of the own tribe . 
  in hindsight ukraine probably should n't have given up on their own nuclear arsenal . 
  well ... let 's aggree on `` russia is most consistent '' . 
  too many russinas still love stalin , so they would take it as a compliment . 
  note that it says `` eu country '' ... what would the least trustworthy option be if any country would be possible ? 
  i think the us would probably dominate `` most arrogant '' while russia would probably dominate `` least trustworthy '' . 
  that woman has no principles , she does n't believe in anything other than what gets her elected . 
  the worst thing : it works . 
  my guess : upvoting this equals upvoting an isis propaganda video . 
  it would be enough to just post the news , showing the entire video however is both voyerism as well as spreading the isis propaganda ( exactly what isis wants ) . 
  except ukraine and the ukraineans living in the east . 
  thing is : the court ruled that links that are not relevant have to be removed , as in : if you are a person of public interest the link can stay . 
  google does n't have to remove these links , they are just overzealous in doing so and remove every little request ... either because they ca n't be bothered to properly test these requests if they fit into these criteria , or they delete everything to prove a point on how much they hate it . 
  also even if germany would ratify it : you can bet that our supreme court would shut it down in no time . 
  german judges are very proud about being an individual , free , state power . 
  ( so much that they give it in public sector headaches because they always want an ` extra sausage ' aka something different than the norm ) they will never let foreign courts , especially established by companies , take away their power ... the only reason they always listen to is the european court for human rights . 
  ( no , not the eu court ... or judges even disagree with them e.g. 
  when data-collection was still a guide line in the eu while it was shut down by our supreme court ) . 
  what i think : not everywhere in romania is internet access . 
  where internet is available at all , high speed connections work , as those areas with intenet are highly populated ones . 
  e.g : that 's why germany is so low ... the entire population is spread fairly `` even '' accross the nations , meaning a lot of people only have access to shitty village internet ( also meaning that a costly bandwith upgrade only reaches a few people , so the isps do n't really bother ) ... ... or in other words : the amount of germans living in `` big cities '' is actually relatively low . 
  most live in villages surrounding them . 
  it works in both directions : asians having problems getting to europe ( e.g. 
  for business ) and the asian countries would n't be happy about that . 
  that 's a nice way for russia to piss off their chinese `` friends '' .
