  they just do the austerity part ... but not the reform part . 
  that 's like building a house like you build it before with less material and hoping it does not crash ... while a new house design would work perfectly , even with less material . 
  you acttually can still study if you have worked for 5 years even without abitur ( which is required to study in the first place ) . 
  also as studying is relatively cheap , some companies even allow studying besides your job ( you get less payed though ) so you can study while you have your job . 
  and like i said : most jobs do not require a degree and neither everyone wants to be an engineer or doctor or is straight up not intelligent enough for that ... which i think makes the system even fairer , as people not smart enough for a degree ( i do not want to say they are stupid , but they will have problems following the stuff and in the end , will learn nothing and only waste precious years of their lifes ) can still get a relatively good job . 
  it also does not stop you from opening up your own business . 
  the netherlands and belgium too have minimum wages ( 1424/1415 $ as of 2011 compared to spain/greece with 863/748 $ ) and they do n't have an economical crisis . 
  no , it means that one half of your training is done at a special `` job-school '' , paid by tax money and the other half is done at your job . 
  apprentices do not get much money , maybe a fourth ( at best ) than an actual employee ( also you work less than a normal employee , as one half is done at school ) . 
  however the 3 years of training break the barrier for `` you need at least x years of experience befire applying ) , also it helps that not so many people need to go to university to get a decent job . 
  fyi born in east germany shortly after reunification and only moved to bremen 3y ago . 
  there is an apprenticeship for everything , hell even hair stylist is an apprenticeship . 
  the reason is also to get away from the trend to employ more people that way . 
  sure people can become unemployable , but not everyone working in a low income job , in the worst case 50 % of those in low income jobs will lose their jobs , but guess what : unemployed they will still get as much money as when they worked there . 
  the only reason they even work at these shitholes of ~ ~ slavery rings ~ ~ companies is , because they would lose there unemployment benefits if they do n't . 
  also ethically i think that companies who can only survive ( aka : metric fuckton of money for the ceos ) by exploiting their employees have no place in germany ( or any place in europe and the world ) and should not be allowed to exist . 
  however i like to think that low income jobs are not the only reason . 
  germany has a very unique system when it comes to the training of youths , especially for jobs too complex to do without experience , and too simple for an academic degree ( which actually is the fast majority of all jobs ) . 
  it is called [ `` dual education system '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_education_system ), 
  because humans are not slaves meant for nothing but work and should be able to actually live off from the money they earn . 
  what bullshit . 
  the reason germany is doing so well is because we already had ( and continue to have ) our phase of austerity and mainly our `` growth '' is supplied by a low income sector ... that chart proves nothing . 
  it only says that german unemployment goes down , which can be interpreted in a million different ways ( like i said : a low income job is technically employed , even though you ca n't sustain yourself without governemntal aid ), 
  yupp, 
  fear , hate , tits and the weather forecast . 
  every tabloid ever . 
  i guess most people have just read the headline and were like : `` but germany is evil !!!!!! 11 ! '', 
  just like the fast majority of flamewars . 
  yes of course i do ... you can bet that hollande etc. 
  do n't feel any different about cyprus , however that article was focused on merkel ... as somehow all articles seem to be . 
  they make it as if merkel is the only person who can decide anything there , just to have a scapegoat . 
  well , duh . 
  the cyprus ' government did n't really make a good job handling their crisis . 
  if i would have to decide wether or not to spend billions on cyprus , i would be pissed , too . 
  which wars ? 
  iraq , afghanistan or both ? 
  and why exactly ? 
  especially iraq , as both reasons to go to war with them were lies , there were no wmds and no ties to terrorists . 
  afghanistan was in america 's right to attack ... however i do n't think it was a good decision . 
  you ca n't beat terrorism with violence . 
  the invasion of iraq was a violation of international law and in no way justified . 
  csu would fit that description , they are very conservative . 
  it always looks like that austria has more trouble to deal with their nazi heirlom than germany , as the higher popularity of right populistic parties [ show ] ( http://dontyoubelievethehype.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/338797221.gif ) . 
  * you 're, 
  eritrea at last place ... 
  i have never even heard of that place . 
  question : what is the difference between a coup and a revolution ? 
  edit : a coup lead by huge protests i mean . 
  could say the same about contra eu propaganda ... it 's almost like this subreddit has different opinions or something . 
  even the great gulf spill barely hurt bp , so i would n't bet on it . 
  a dent , maybe , but cars mean more to people than just emissions especially in the emergent markets all over the world ( e.g. 
  india , china etc. ), 
  were all that matters is having a car of a specific brand . 
  hell in a lot of these countries bringing up this topic would probably result in a `` what are emissions ? '', 
  kind of answer . 
  or the school cherry picked the few who gave . 
  just like some school ban all peanuts when there 's that one kid with a peanut allergy . 
  stupider things have happened at schools . 
  well , they do n't receive social security ( yet ) . 
  so it 's more like a `` busywork with compensation '' i guess . 
  i mean it should probably be easy to distinguish fake from proper ones if as a migrant officer you now get to see so many of them . 
  there also got to be someone womewhere on this planet that can school our officials in how to distinguish them . 
  but : even for our own passports there are only few experts on forgery ( for the really good forges though , as they knw about every single security feature in detail , even the more hidden ones ) . 
  provided there is a decent eduation replacing it , such as apprenticeships . 
  but yeah , the heavy `` academization '' is actually a problem . 
  because if everyone needs a degree to get a decent job , then you either end up with huge unemployment , or the universities drop their standards so everyone can get one in result making everyone dumber ( e.g. 
  no child left behind in the us ) . 
  60 years is not really old . 
  especially not for statues . 
  i would actually say yes to a quota , but also say yes to centralized and commonly aggreed rules for all nations . 
  these rules have to come before the quota , this would put pressure on the rich countries to give into the demands of the poorer ones when it comes to haggling out the pointss of said aggreement . 
  these rules are not just for refugees , but for immigration into the nation and the eu as well , so that not a single country can just create a huge immigration issue for everyone by granting eu-citizenship to everyone . 
  in other words : a german lone wolf walk al\u00e1 `` all refugees are welcome '' would be highly punishable with hefty fines , as in germany would have to pay for all refugees in the other eu countries as well , as their statement made them come here in the fisrt place . 
  i mean even outside the current refugee crisis there is a constant stream of ( legitimate ) refugees , like political and religous refugees , into the eu and the eu should show unity in sharing this burden . 
  so in other words : solidarity and unity . 
  no individualism , either by white knighting or extreme blockage , is not allowed . 
  additionally it lowers the chances of refugees getting into the rich eu countries , making them overthink their journey . 
  it is not hipocritical to be open to people in need and being harsh to those that wish to exploit your generocity . 
  in germany definitions of settlements are as follows : * < 5000 : village * 5000-20 .000 : town * 20.000-100 .000 : city * 100.000-1 .000.000 : large city *  1.000.000 : metropolis though the actual definition for metropolis would be a place of significant economic and cultural value for a civilisation . 
  so a metropolis is usually the largest magnitute city of a certain area , not necessarily a city of millions . 
  alternatively a million-city does n't have to be a metropolis ( e.g. 
  these settlements in china that are only meant to house tons of people ... ), 
  also without plumbing and just a herd of disease waiting to happen ( cholera and so on ) . 
  the most recent article claims the substannce was `` 2-ce '' aka `` aquarust '' . 
  500 ad is repeating itsself . 
  this is great migration level of refugees . 
  germany and sweden are rome and isis are the huns in this scenario . 
  and no it was not migration that brought rome to it 's knees , in fact they prevented a bloody civil war by filling up the power vacuum the roman leaders created by their corruption and inactivity . 
  filling a power vacuum in this case can also mean conquest though . 
  no , but we do . 
  otherwise we would be hipocrites and our values would be worth fuckall . 
  one of the big reasons for additional instability is isis which is largely an american responsibility of their iraq invasion . 
  and where 's your source for that ? 
  you can play the blame game back and forth with no clear winner that way . 
  i 'd say before race it should be compared to wealth , because crime is mostly a wealth issue not a racial one . 
  and comparing crime rate between natives and immigrants would be like comparing rich to poor people . 
  you 'd have to compare poor natives to poor immigrants if you want to blame culture . 
  and your proof that it was the refugees throwing it away and not ssome guy posing the picture is ... ? 
  this can be real easy to fake . 
  also there were probably enough hungrarian asshats who posed as refugees and misused the charity to get free stuff .
