  constant population increase however is an unsolvable long . 
  decreasing population numbers can also lead to new business opportunities and a new distribution of wealth ( if the super rich do n't procreate , someone will get what 's left of their wealth ) . 
  i think in the long term population numbers will balance around a certain sustainable point and then fluctuate around that one . 
  at least in germany paid internships are n't usual , as we also have the apprenticeship . 
  so if you want to become a paid intern you become an apprentice . 
  an internship here is usually just for a few weeks and more of a `` first look '' into the business you may want to become an apprentice in later . 
  but in countries were internships are the only way to gaion job experience : yeah , these should be paid . 
  it 's an anarchist/extremist-left thing . 
  the `` rich '' have to be `` equalized '' to the `` lower classes '' by force . 
  the no-expo stuff is just their reason to burn other people 's stuff ... people like this are the perfect example for the horseshoe theory when it comes to political movements . 
  especially since they say `` immigrants '' and `` refugees '' in the same entence , even though they are quite different . 
  immigrants voluntarily leave their homes for `` greener pastures '' more or less permanently . 
  refugees have to leave their homes involuntarily due to a massive threat on their lives and look for refuge until they can return home . 
  that does n't mean that refugees ca n't turn into immigrants later on ( e.g. 
  the war/oppression is going on for so long , that they 've built a live in their refuge and their children have now grown up there and more connections to their refuge than their home country ) , but that does n't change the initial reason for leaving . 
  that 's also why i do n't trust these people with `` refugees bring crime '' , as these people have better things to do than antagonize themselves with the country that protects them , unless they reallyy have nothing to live from . 
  yes , but it is within germany , using german air space to launch it 's mission and that 's the controversity here . 
  germany should n't allow americans to use their airspace for executions without trail , based on bogus `` information '' . 
  though i wonder : would the fat rate in the us be lower if they would use `` real '' sugar and not this shitty-ass high-fructose corn syrup ? 
  for germany i can say that most muslims moved here in the 60-70s and now live here in several generations . 
  and back then germany did n't `` love '' muslims anymore than they loved anyone else e.g. 
  black people . 
  ( though germany specifically approached turkey both for their cheap labor and partly because the allies pressured them to do so ) in most cases you simply can not consider them immigrants anymore . 
  and while there is still a problem with lower class people refusing to integrate even 50 years after they moved to germany , most middle class muslims are fairly well integrated ( integrated , not assimilated , there is a big difference between those two ) . 
  to be fair : it is quite difficult to make such a game that simply does n't destrpy your cpu ... total war games are already cpu heavy , even with it 's `` low '' unit count ( at 10,000 units even higher end cpus will get into trouble , and that 's nothing compared to real battles ) add to this that battles have a chain of command , so that the supreme general does n't have to do anything himself ... you would need to make an ai that automatically follows a complex plan you design before the battle even starts , but can also dynamically react to changes . 
  i think when atheism is on the rise the religous groups feel threatened and in return become more extreme themselves . 
  the rise in religous extremism is more of a `` last bites of a dying animal '' than an actual `` unenligthment '' . 
  add to this that the increase difference between wealth and poverty leaves a lot of people behind that are now susceptible to extremists ( of any form ) . 
  alot of `` if you 're not with us , you 're against us '' mentality going on in here . 
  uff a little late but [ here ] ( http://www.forschungsgruppe.de/aktuelles/politbarometer/ ) you go ( german source , but they provide poll data for the german publicy owned channels . ), 
  i also have to correct myself downwards : it 's 87 % , not 89 % . 
  you mean `` concerned citizens '' a.k.a neo-nazis . 
  while it started with actual citizens the protests against him ( for supporting a home for reufugees in his village ) was more and more hijacked by neo-nazis who came from all over the place ( but not the atual village ) just to harras him . 
  officially he stepped down due to his heavy disappointment with the government that allows `` such a perversion of the right to protest '' as they allow them t protest in front of his private home and family ) and not e.g. 
  the town hall . 
  i mean as soon as he stepped down the protestors changed their route , as it was now not necessary . 
  this imo shows that the protests were aimed at him personally , as a threat , and not just because of the policies . 
  just an example : in a representative poll 89 % of germans were opposed to the u.s. ' plan to send more arms to ukraine . 
  most people do n't think about health care in the first place with their lifestyle , so it would change nothing anyways . 
  no one who is obese in america will stop being obese because it costs a lot in health care , but because being obese makes you feel like shit ( if they manage to turn it around ) . 
  same in europe : you do n't just start being unhealthy because others pay for it . 
  simply because you still have to feel like shit while going through treatment . 
  when being sick , costs are really just an afterthought for you . 
  in the end a public system makes helathcare cheaper for everyone , even if ( and that 's a big if ) people get `` lazier '' in terms of personal health . 
  because these big system have lots of negotiation power with the pharamcy industry . 
  such as : make us a deal who gets to provide the publicy funded cough drops for tens of millions of people . 
  no shit they will battle for the best prices and actually drop them ( as there is big competition for the biggest contracts ) , compared to a complete private health care system were they try to suck as much money from individuals as possible , as individuals ca n't negotiate prices . 
  there are assholes , just like in any society , but they are marginal in numbers and a non-issue as a whole . 
  ( e.g. 
  only 2-5 % of unemployed do not want to work at all and just live off the state ) . 
  i mean , they are called the `` dark ages '' not because everything was fucking miserable back then , but simply because we are `` in the dark '' of what happened then , due to the lack of written history . 
  the dark ages were basically the transitional period into the middle ages . 
  not straight up dictatorship , however the opposite of a rule of law is called `` despotism '' or autocracy ( though an autocracy can still have a rule of law , just a very harsh one ) , were the government does whatever it feels like . 
  in the ends it depends on the ideology , which can simply be explained as : is your ideology centered around physically ( or psycologically ) attack people ? 
  also , the kkk is ( officially ) banned , even in the us , so that 's like having someone continuing to work , even though he has ties to isis , because of free speech . 
  eh we have a friend living in switzerland who was shocked after visiting us about prices . 
  a cucumber here costs 50 cents , in switzerland about 2 euro . 
  they earn 2 times as much , but shit can cost 4 times as much and the rents are high , so they are not really richer . 
  add to this that it affected her approval ratings more negatively than the entire refugee crisis did . 
  her lowest approval due to refugee crisis , after several months , hit a low of 46 % in february/end of january and slowly rose again , just to crash below 46 % in just a week after the b\u00f6hmermann case . 
  the germans were divided in the case of refugees , but are pretty much united against merkel on the b\u00f6hmermann issue . 
  the refugee crisis damaged her reputation , this may kill it . 
  especially that the same division/unity on these issues can be found outside of germany as well . 
  also you can get a lot of animal proteins by milk and eggs . 
  meat is not a requirement . 
  living vegan however often can be a problem , as there are actually a lot of humans out there who can not digest all the stuff within plants and need animal proteins . 
  the iron in plants is bound in molecules that not all humans can break up . 
  a lot of humans need to get their iron via hemoglobin ( and thus from meat ) . 
  just because plants have certain nourishments in them , does n't mean that we humans can actually `` get '' to them . 
  they may be bound in a way that they are undigestable und in return useless to us . 
  also children need to eat meat and animal products as well to healthily grow up . 
  having your children be vegans is ill advised . 
  we are not omnivores because we can just `` choose '' to eat either plants or meat , but because we have to eat both plants and meat ( or meat supplements in the form of milk and eggs ) to stay consistently healthy . 
  a lack of vitamin b12 is something lots of vegans deal with . 
  ( and taking supplements to stay healthy kind of defeats the purpose of being a more healthy vegan ) . 
  yes you can live healthy as a vegan , but will be forced into a well planned diet . 
  being healthily vegan requires a bit more work than just `` not eating meat and other animal products '' , but a lot of dedication in choosing the right food . 
  but yeah , eating meat in moderation is always more healthy . 
  everything becomes dangerous if eaten too much of ( including fruits and vegetables ) . 
  only smoking while driving . 
  bremen ruled that finding said amount of weed in a car or traces of a past high in the blood is no basis for suspension . 
  it 's like suspending someone 's license if he has 0.01 pro-mill of alcohol in the blood ( unless he/she is a beginner ) or simply a bottle of beer somewhere in the car . 
  in general ( modern ) history often seems too `` anglocentric '' , which is perfectly portrait with the `` importance '' of the battle of waterloo . 
  waterloo is seen as the `` big battle '' that defeated napoleon , when it was actually the battle of leipzig two years prior in 1813 with over 600.000 participating troops compared to waterloo 's `` mere '' 190.000 troops , making the battle of leipzig the biggest battle in world history up until that point . 
  it was the battle of leipzig that crippled napoleon , waterloo was simply driving your spear into an already dying animal . 
  but since no brits participated in the battle of leipzig that one gets ignored by popular history . 
  there was actually a good comment defending her `` go '' for the prosecution : `` should angela merkel violate the independence of the court to protest erdogan 's constant violations of the independence of the court ? '', 
  i mean , in a certain way , the case is now out of her hands and in the hands of an independent court , that decides in the `` name of the people '' . 
  it 's not politicians that decide b\u00f6hmermann 's fate . 
  we live in a nation were the rule of law exists , after all . 
  how about albia ? 
  i actually think that due to the internet and globalization superpowers will soon cease to exist , as wealth ( and political influence ) will be less and less concentrated toward a single geographic location . 
  add to this that while shit is still fucked in some areas of the world , the world has never been safer from warfare , so military superpowers may also be a thing of the past . 
  i wonder how many of them are fighting for the kurds or other ( jihadist ) groups fighting against isis ? 
  i always wondered : why not adapt a different building style ? 
  americans still build `` european '' style houses in the desert , when arabian/african style huts would be much smarter , as they were developed with a `` natural '' ac in mind . 
  probably because it would cost much more than the standard american `` cardboard '' house . 
  not only that , but in the aftermath of 9/11 more people were taking the car than the plane for inland flights in the us , which heavily increased the rates of accidents ( long distance driving , after all ) and resulted in ~ 1.500 additional deaths due to accidents just one year after 9/11 ... over the years it may have been more than the actual attacks ( ~ 3.000 dead ) . 
  also this is just one source of casualties due to the fear resulting from 9/11 . 
  seeing this it 's likely to think that the fear of terrorism kills more people than the terrorist attack itself .
