  i wonder what would happen if every member tate of the uk would vota individually ? 
  would england be the only ones to leave ? 
  if yes , then leaving would create quite the rift between the individual members . 
  i know that the support in scotland is pretty huge , and it could be that the scots decide that eu is more important to them than the uk ... the last referendum was already pretty close . 
  county , not country . 
  it should be noted that these people , while they may have lived there for a long time , are illegal occupants and these houses still belong to the state that simply tolerated them . 
  they never owned these houses or payed any rent whatsoever . 
  if they are poor they could always have gone to the government to get themselves a `` proper '' place to live , as they are legally entitled to . 
  but they did n't . 
  this is simply something that can happen when you try to live off the grid : nobody takes care of you . 
  nobody is robbed from anything , as they never owned these places in the first place . 
  ok better example : would you like being tested for entrance if you travek from county to county ? 
  or city to city ? 
  housse is bad , because they are private entities . 
  counties and cities are not . 
  while eritrea is not war torn , it 's people suffer just as much . 
  image north korea times ten . 
  it 's fucking bad there . 
  you are allowed asylum , if staying in your home results in your death . 
  this can be the case both in dictatorships as well as war torn countries . 
  while i aggree , i guess it will mostly affect long distance/international trains , rather than the regional/intercity ones ... it would be financially infeasable . 
  it 's not that they do n't want to deport , but much rather that the system of deportation makes it difficult , because it 's the municipalities ( and partly the state ) that have to arrange the deportation and alsp pay for it . 
  federal money is outside of it . 
  that means that declined refugees in poorer municipalities will never be deported , since it 's simply not in their budget to do so and not important enough to reallocate millions for deportations alone . 
  federalism strikes aigain , yay !, 
   i cant blame them although it does go against freedom of press implying rt is actually free press . 
  i mean i am for freedom of press , but i am against the freedom of lying . 
  the press is supposed to bring out the truth , not change or surpress it . 
  if a press organ is caught lying or even endagers the life of a person ( e.g. 
  by reporting someones position in a live broadcast during a hostage situation or by bullying people into suicide ) then they should be held occountable the same way everyone else is . 
  being a journalist should n't give you special previliges beyond access to certain sites so you can do your job . 
  butthen they will still come ( because europe still has more `` opportunity '' and is safer than their homes ) , but in this case resolve to crime to survive . 
  if the big european successes are in jeopardy because of a temporary crisis , then what does it say about our society ? 
  the problem is n't schengen , but much rather the clusterfuck of european regulations incompatible with it ( e.g. 
  dublin ii , which is bullshit in the first place ) . 
  so instead of getting rid of schengen , maybe these regulations should be reformed ? 
  this aint the us m8 , you do n't just shoot people for entering your property here , not even in macedonia . 
  yeah , but that takes a while . 
  it sort of has ( historically ) , as to find homes for a big population you have to drain swamps or reroute rivers etc. 
  to create more land mass , leading to the disappearance of lots of lakes ( and the creation of new ones ) . 
  so the lakes in finland are probably in a more `` natural '' state than finland . 
  also : finland has more mountains and lakes create better in valleys than in flat land ( otherwise they much rather become creeks and rivers ) . 
   it means germany can leverage that strong economy to be able to impose other political ideas on the other members of the eu . 
  i disagree . 
  it would be worse the other way around . 
  with the eu there are tools that allows that no single nation becomes too powerful within europe . 
  with the eu germany has to convince the majority to get stuff done , while without it they can just strongarm it , giving others no other choice but to adapt . 
  for example : before the euro a lot of currencies in europe were effectively tied to the value of the deutsche mark ( dm ) , while they were independent currencies in theory , they were n't in practice . 
  if the dm went up , so did theirs and vice versa . 
  but the bundesbank ( german central bank ) only valued the dm for german interests , they did not care about the effects elsewhere . 
  now with the euro they are forced to value it in a way that is best for the most , germany does not dictate the currency the same way it did before anymore , it 's now a team effort . 
  80 's childrens programs were much , much darker than nowadays ( were everything has to be `` safe '' ) . 
  i mean the second oz movie also was from the 80 's ( the one with the wheelers ) and that shit was bizarre as hell . 
  it basically started with `` the neverending story '' that showed that a children 's movie can be both dark & serious while also be successful with the children . 
  justice in germany ( and europe ) is meant for resocialisation first and punisment second . 
  if punishment stands in the way of resolcialisation , the punishment will be lowered accordingly . 
  certain things : you ca n't punish them for crims they may have done in the organisation , unless you have solid proof . 
  so they can only be punished for the mere membership . 
  if this were the case , then you can collectively punish entire groups for the actions of some individuals , which sets a dangerous precedent , no matter how well meant it is . 
  if they can be charged with a specific murder , they will be . 
  additionally you do n't know how exactly they joined the organisation . 
  it should be said that the is is displayed as a `` rebel alliance '' and the west as the `` galactic empire '' for these youths . 
  they are first baited into syria and then forced to serve . 
  the more they were forced to do something ( the less voluntary it was ) the lesser their personal guilt ( just like you ca n't punish conscripts to the evils their nation did in a war ) . 
  the trail is also about finding out how voluntary their actions were , especially since one of those two 's personal defense is that he was baited as a humanitarian helper into syria and then `` kidnapped and forced to serve the is '' . 
  the majority of the rest of europe does support a [ harsh ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/2015-07-10/grexit3-3.png ) stance on greece though ... ( not shown : the very negative attitude of eastern europe against greece ), 
  it should be stated however , that the total amount of violent protestors were around 200 people , these 25 was just what they managed to arrest , we have no idea what nationality the other 175 had ... could be mostly greece as foreigners have less chances to run away from the police in a city they are not familiar with . 
  the market works best if there 's enough competition . 
  no regulaion : there is no competition because big business owns everything . 
  buttoo much regulation and you also have no competition , because the state owns everything of value and there is no reason to compete ( see socialism ) . 
  you have to strike a balnace between those two . 
  if the us is the extreme of too much freedom for companies , greek is the opposite of too little freedom ( for a not officially socialist nation ) . 
  neitehr extreme works . 
  he had 70 years to admit his crimes at any time . 
  age does n't protect from responsibility . 
  edit : also there is not statue of limitation on murder and war crimes ... basically everywhere that considers itself a civilized nation ( i mean if murder had one the show `` cold case '' could n't really exist now could n't it ? ), 
  this shit is actually one of the major reasons for greece 's terrible situation and is surprisingly ignored by many . 
  businesses are still the heap of tax income ( both in terms of employee 's income taxes , and the taxes on the profits ) ... ... granted they 'd actually have to collect those in the first place . 
  especially since the ease of doing business facilitates the competition on the free market . 
  if this is n't given , new companies have lots of troubles establishing themselves on the market ( all these new contracts , governmental permissions and all that stuff ) while bigger ones can deal with them , so monopolies are all you get . 
  no way any court would punish them though , as the german courts are highly defensive of the peoples privacy rights , so leaking any unlawful plans to decrease those would never be considered treason by them . 
   that 's just absurd . 
  with reforms and debt forgiveness greece would become one of the fastest rising economies in europe . 
  and the reason i should believe you is ... ? 
  however the greek people are not completly off the hook . 
  it 's easy to say they have no fault in it and all responsibility goes to the `` evil elite '' , while they partially do ... 
  i mean greeces tax collection rate is ~ 48 % ( meaning only 48 % of the possible tax revenue is actually collected ) ... a healthy economy has more than 90 % . 
  and the greek populace was very willing to participate there . 
  it 's like the us population is partly responsible for the 2008 crash . 
  ultimatively it was them who bought tons of stuff with rate-payments . 
  the banks did n't force them to do so , and while the banks lacked oversight , it was also the us populus with a lack financial responsibility that caused so many dirty credits to accumulate in the first place . 
  also greek is 150th out of 183 nation in ease to do business . 
  you can hardly blame businesses if greece has pretty much none . 
  or at least : greece has either small family businesses or big business , there is nothing in between in the private sector ( because of restrictions by the state , hence the 150th place ) and is thus replaced by the public sector . 
  and while the `` in between '' in terms of sice sounds rather vague , the middle sized companies are the most important ones to almost any healthy eceonomy . 
  in germany these companies employ about 80 % of all people in the private sector . 
  so in a certain way it 's the lack of capitalism ( or rather the lack of a competitive market ) that killed greece 's eceonomy . 
  thing is , the eu is not supposed to be firefighters , not even voluntarily ones . 
  it 's more like the insuarnce in this case : `` oh you burned your own house ? 
  well why should we give you money to rebuild it ? '',
