  your lawyer basically gets his money not from you , but from the person you are suing . 
  however since the cost of the court that has to be paid by the loser is also dictated by the court , that lawyer ca n't just make a price up . 
  the money lawyers get is usually a certain percentage of whatever money has to be handed out in the end . 
  so to stress again : you ca n't just hire expensive lawyers over here and automatically win because of that . 
  there is an important difference in bureaucracy however ( not just the legal definition of rape ) , as multiple rapes in most countries count as one case while every single occurrence of rape counts as it 's own crime in sweden . 
  this makes the swedish number explode due to rape in the household ( husband on wive , husband on children etc. 
  ) , which is the main source of rape ... basically everywhere . 
  so if a man rapes his wive 10 times it counts as 1 rape in germany , while it counts as 10 rapes in sweden . 
  this change of reporting correlates with the increased immigration making it look like immigration caused the explosion . 
  now i 'm not saying immigration did not lead to an increase , but it definitely lead to an explosion in the number of rapes . 
  i wonder how many of them are only total `` edgelords '' who think it 's cool ( with no political connection ) . 
  and how many are right-wings themselves acting as agitators . 
  not saying they are the majority , but never underestimate the lengths some people will go to to incite violence and hate . 
  but yeah , calling her a racist for that ai n't even `` liberalism '' or `` left-wing '' anymore , it 's ... 
  i do n't know what the hell to call this kind of idioty . 
  i mean all parties in germany , even the most `` progressive '' and `` left '' condemned the attackers as backwards and not belonging in germany . 
  this does make me think that these people threating her follow a different agenda with it , or do n't even know what the fuck they 're doing . 
  i mean we ca n't just indefinitely keep the corpses , otherwise cities would soon be 50 % graveyard or something or we 'd have to return to catacombs/necropoli . 
  i mean even with the limited time , the supply/demand of graves is so disproportionate , that cremation becomes more and more popular for a reason . 
  i mean , jews have their graves indefinitely , which results in jewish graveyards to become bigger and bigger hills over time . 
  but this tradition ca n't really be practiced here that well , because then every flood will wash up all the corpses ( which is n't an issue in the middle east , but a big issue in most of europe ) . 
  and ( mostly in the us ' case , but whatever ) even got rid of democracy in several places to install fascist overlords loyal to the west . 
  `` freedom '' is only important when it is your own . 
  the freedom of others never matters . 
  i mean , iran could now be a properly secular and industrialized nation , if the us would n't have installed the shah ( which in return led to the islamic revolution ) . 
  what 's the word for these kind of people ? 
  i mean , we got neo-nazis covered , but ( sadly ) no word for these fucks . 
  * he had an own flat afaik , it was not a the tent camps that have been set up recently . 
  * in a flat you have privacy * he ca n't be deported because no one knows where he comes from , you ca n't just deport someone to some random location, 
  poland is also taking money from germany via the eu , so we can continue this blame game forever . 
  they are not . 
  sa is simply `` chair of the united nations human rights council panel that appoints independent experts '' . 
  this position also rotates , so they 'd have gotten it one way or the other . 
  ... and why should the people using it care about that ? 
  you know how many books are published each month ? 
  if bestseller means that it appeared in the top 10 sold books somewhere at least once for at least one week , then it 's a metric that 90 % of books probably never pass . 
  also : the more guns there are in households , the more dangerous a burglary becomes , the more the thieves will arm themselves and be willing to shoot . 
  while a burglar in a mostly unarmed society is most likely to just run away when he runs into someone , he will now shoot everyone he sees , as to not be shot himself . 
  and as soon as someone has the drop on you , it does n't matter if your gun is in a locker or at your side , you are done either way . 
  now what if daimler is right ? 
  is the amount of greenhouse gasses produced by a coolant more important than the flammability in case of a crash ? 
  or would the court follow legislation blindly ? 
  or say it is just not enough ? 
  ( e.g. 
  minimal increased risk by far greater production of greenhouse gasses ) . 
  but switzerland only has 8 mio . 
  citizens . 
  the bigger the size the more complicated direct democracy and the logistics behind it becomes . 
  alternatively even if their crime may usually result in the death penalty , the requesting nation can still have them extradited by signing an agreement to not pursue the death penalty . 
  stubbornness and an idiotic concept of `` honor '' . 
  this shit could have gotten you like what ? 
  three bigmac 's . 
  three . 
  three that you are never going to eat because of the eu . 
  nevermind ... that 's probably a good thing . 
  you essentially have now banned the catholic church . 
  and with the recent split , the afd became even more of a nazi party . 
  so cooperation between them and established parties is now less likely than ever before . 
  if there 's anyone who could successfully invade russia in the winter , it 's finnland . 
  ... or the mongols . 
  boredom is hell of a motivator to do stupid shit for the flimsiest of reasons . 
  probably because it 's `` faster '' and `` safer '' ( at least it 'll be what the smugglers tell them ) . 
  add to this that a lot of european countries want to barge entry for every asylum seeker , legitimate or not . 
  so it 's kind of a `` first come , first serve '' mentality . 
  i wonder however if this `` brain drain '' is also a reason u.s. graduates have less chances finding a job . 
  due to their debts they need good income , but a european , who has next to no education debts , can do the same position for much less money in return . 
  well then , time to send in the [ heavy artillery ] ( http://www.canadianmanufacturing.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/vac-u-max-new-1050-continuous-duty-vacuum-cleaner.jpg ) . 
   refugees should stay in the first safe country . 
  that 's a can basis , no country is forced to deport people to the first safe country they arrive in , they can if they want without reprecussions , but it is still left to their own decision . 
   germany is blackmailing other countries with aid money . 
  it is actually illegal for the eu to help out greece in the first place . 
  aid is purely optional . 
  blindly following the eu rules here would actually force greece to go bankrupt . 
  a hypothesis would be that these people have an identity problem , as in : am i belgian or maroccan ? 
  ( which is not a problem for 1st generation : arrival : i am maroccan in a new country . 
  however the line blurs each generation ) if the answer is the latter , then they will try their hardest to not being belgian to seperate themselves and to confirm their assumed identity . 
  yes . 
  zdf , ard , the regionals , phoenix ( as it 's the one broadcasting the parlamentary sessions ) , kika ( though that is a cooperation between ard and zdf ) , arte ( funding split betwwen germany and france ) and 3sat ( funding split between germany , austria and switzerland ) all receive their funding from the `` tax '' . 
  hell , it seems like the ottoman empire was more secular than that , otherwise they would n't have raki in the first place . 
  blatant falsification of history , no matter how ridiculous it seems , was one of the reasons the nazis managed to gain power . 
  ( e.g. 
  the democratic movement caused germany to lose wwi , the ancient germans were better than the romans etc. ), 
  we wo n't do that a second time . 
  holocaust denial , by extend , is still hurting people as it 's used to incite violence against jews . 
  and you have to combat problems at it 's source , combating lies is part of it . 
  also , but that 's just me , there is nothing to discuss about facts , therefor it 's not an opinion . 
  thinking 1 +1 = 3 is not having a different opinion and giving you an f for that would n't be oppression , same for holocaust denial . 
  i know it 's against the entire world view of americans to punish people for words , but we do it for the greater good in this case . 
   and germany who most wants the uk in the union . 
  yeeeeah , no . 
  the german population is more indifferent and sick and tired of the uk always getting it 's `` extra sausage '' and demanding stuff while seemingly doing next to nothing of value within the eu ( outside of the money transfers ) . 
  the thing is that just yesterday the coalition , after lots of talking , finally came together with a plan for the crisis , but it looks like our minister of interior decided to take things into his own hands , as the resst of the government does not support him ( for now ) . 
  i mean there is always the good ` ol interrogation , wwhich would make wiretaping unnecessary . 
  and unlike in tv shows , police usually gets what they want without having to resort to torture . 
  yes , but how big is italy 's political influence in the eu compared to poland ? 
  poland is an important partner to eastern europe and poland may end up controlling ( or heavily influence ) that voting block . 
  well not if there is no throttling . 
  but once throttling starts and the demand for unthrottled traffic becomes high enough ... 
  ehh it becomes problematic when a giant fight und surpress start ups or worker 's rights/environmental movements . 
  but in this case giants fight other giants , so there is n't anything ironic about it .
