  well then do n't take the job ... they are doing what they are supposed to , nothing more . 
  and sometimes maybe there is a good reason that soldiers are getting shot at ... 
  well yes : just compare the words `` dutch '' vs `` deutsch '' . 
  as a german i actually can understand dutch a little , without ever having tp learn it . 
  if i break down the words i read to the sounds and speak their vocals shorter , then it 's pretty much german . 
  yep , the general population is n't very fond of russia ... it 's the politicians and managers who are all up russias ass , as they all have billion euro investments taken into russia , which they ( actually understandibly ) do n't want to see go down the drain . 
  well if there is one good thing about globalization : waging a war against an important trade partner ( which european conutries all are ) is as likely to devastate in an economic damage causing a national crash . 
  over are the times where war was waged to become richer ... even the us wars make them poorer , except for the military industrial complex of course ... but the european governments do n't rely is much on weapons for their economy as the us does , making such a case even less likely . 
  held by a gang with heavy weapons . 
  in a military conflict , how else do you go in and retake cities ( from a tactical point of view ) ? 
  all you can do is minimize civillian casualties , you can sadly never completly avoid them . 
  the only alternative would be a ground invasion ( and that would be even worse as gaza shows ) or letting rebels take away an area of your country ( and understandibly , ukraine doesn ' \u00c4t want that , no country wants . ), 
  also the way you word is sounds like the ukraine army is specifically targeting the civillian population , which i think is highly unlikely ( especially because there is probably still quite the number of ethnic ukrainians there ) . 
  you could also argue : why are the rebels submitting the civillians there to more suffering by refusing to give up a losing battle ? 
  while we ca n't exactly prove who it was , yet ( most evidence is circumstantial ) , the odds are against the speratists , especially because of one thing : the ukraine army has no aa deployed in the area , as the rebels do n't have any air force . 
  the rebels however do have aa deployed , as the are both attacked and managed to destroy several aircrafts of the ukraine army . 
  the most important ( circumstantial ) evidence against the seperatist : a leader of them was boasting how they shot down an ukraine transporter on facebook ... at the same time and the same place where mh17 was shot down . 
  ( was later removed by him ) also : the targeted sabotage of investigations by the rebels are fishy as fuck . 
  also amnesty international has complaints about both sides about war crimes such as torture and kidnapping , but the absolute majority of crimes are done by the rebels ( [ source ] ( http://www.amnesty.org/en/news/ukraine-mounting-evidence-abduction-and-torture-2014-07-11 ) ), 
  or maybe she 's simply so confident to be voted over and over again that she made a plan to properly go out of office when she feels like once shes still the chancellor at 80 + years . 
  but it also to note that a lot of the positive economics came from the red/green gov. 
  before her . 
  their policies were unpopular ( they basically did austerity while germany was in a boom and with a shitty welfare reform made dumping-ages possible in the first place ) but in the long run helped germany to prepare for the 2008 crash . 
  so the frame-work was n't really done by her gov. 
  they rather tweak a little around it . 
  maybe they simply could n't get together a sample size large enough to conduct the study ? 
  oh you can , in theory , do wild strikes ... you just do n't enjoy any protections of the state or union to get fired ( i mean : you do n't work when you are supposed to , which is one of a very few valid reasons in germany to fire someone on the spot ) , you do it on your own risk then . 
  wild strike is not illegal , it 's just unprotected . 
  add to this that germany has a culture of the `` betriebsrat '' ( company council ) , which exists in most companies ( it is a must in companies of a certain size actually ) and is elected every two years by the employees , and while the council has often no real power over anything they serve as an important platform of communication between employees and employer ( as they are also a station for complaints ) , and they do have a right to be listened to and to be informed about almost every decision within the company . 
  workers get paid by the union during a strike . 
  and our unions are enourmous ... only `` parts '' of a union ever strikes ( e.g. 
  the union `` igmetal '' is the union of pretty much everyone working in the metal to manufacture and maintenance sector ... from a coal miner to a car engineer to your escalator technician ) . 
  so the employer pretty much runs out of money befiore the union does . 
  a good thing about germany is that even striking is regulated : an union has to sit together with the employer ( or a group of them like a business branch ) and negotiate new employee contracts . 
  if that fails the union calls for a general assembly where the members decide wether or not to strike . 
  have to vote in favor for a strike for it to occur . 
  after they strike and put pressure on the employer they sit together again and negotiate , rinse and repeat until either less than 75 % vore for a strike or an aggreement is reached ( latter more often than former ) . 
  this makes wild strikes almost non-existent ( as employees on wild strikes do not enjoy any protection from the law in terms of getting fired , nor from the union in terms of getting money ) . 
  it also makes strikes more predictable in them happening ( only when contracts run out and new ones are negotiated ) as well as in their length . 
  i think a system like that makes investments safer , as i do n't have to fear a wild strike eating all the profits from nowhere . 
  russia is more unlikely than usa , even with the tainted relationships . 
  russia 's and germany 's values and morals are just too far apart from each other and even though the german industry did bilions of investments into the russian industry/infrastructure i think that there is still more money waiting in the us market . 
  i mean they are the `` human rights '' organisation . 
  and part of the human right says that every human , no matter where they were born or with whatever sex , religion etc. 
  have the same rights to the same chances for prosperity . 
  this also means that migration is a valid method to do this and not allowing people to migrate equals taking away their rights for equal chances of prosperity . 
  for amnesty human rights come first , everything else later ( duh ) . 
  i have to disaggree right now . 
  this data is from 2009-2011 . 
  most recent data ( 2012 ) has germany as the second most popular immigration target . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20140521/germany-second-most-popular-country-for-immigrants-oecd ), 
  what they wan na do is toll for everyone but less taxes for germans . 
  so effectively germans should n't pay more than they did before ( lol , as if that would actually happen ) , while giving a revenue source from foreigners . 
  oh they 've probably seen this . 
  but they had to weight this over the reights of thousands upon thousand of victims of online-bullying and the court decided that their rights are more important ( as it affects more people ) . 
  also the court left it open with data that is either `` not important '' meaning that things like news articles be the excemption . 
  however google simply takes the route of the least resistance and takes down everything on request ( either out of protest or cowardice of making an error ) . 
  just like they take down every song on youtube in germany because of the gema dispude , wether or not it would actually okay to make it available here in the first place . 
  but imo a veto should be done by more than one country alone . 
  one country would be able to block all progress and decisionmaking within the un rendering them even more useless . 
  alternatively there should be a way to overrule vetos e.g. 
  if nations vote on a veto and you have something like  80 % against the veto ( so a quite big majority ) or something . 
  because as it stands a few nations basically control the entire un ... it 's still rooted to deeply into the system of empires/superpowers . 
  a country is more than just the government . 
  and in terms of `` the people '' the relationship did indeed become more complicated ( after though i think the anti-american sentimentality is n't as high as it was during the beginning of the iraq war ) . 
  also germany has alot influental companies or other ngos that are pretty much pissed at both the nsa and the government about it . 
  also we have no idea who this so called `` official '' was . 
  member of the government ( very divided about nsa , both depending on stance within the party and ministry of government ) , the opposition ( everyone against nsa ) or an influential ngo . 
  ( former ) socialist nations in general seem to have a high women quota . 
  i think that 's because the former socialist countries made a big deal out of having women be both mothers and be able to pursue their carreers . 
  that 's why getting a kindergarten spot for your children is easy in eastern-germany ( because there are so many ) compared to western germany ( where it 's still relatively recent and in south-germany some parents are even considered `` bad '' because they have their children go to kindergarten ) . 
  i also wonder if that translates to companies between western and eastern germany ... however the problem : most companies that operate in eastern germany were bought/have their seat in western germany , so it 's questionable wether or not the `` philosophy '' survived . 
  but what of the procentual purchasing power of the countries in europe ? 
  if denmark has 140 % purchasing power , then they would be at the perfect average in terms of wealth in europe . 
  if they are indeed citizens of sweden , then they can not be taken away their citizenship , ever ( any time that happened in history someone decided to take someone elses citizenship away for whatever reason were n't good times ) . 
  however they should stand trial for the actions they commited there ( if at least being part of a terrorist organization is n't crime enough ) . 
  i mean : what do you do if someone goes to syria ... but not to fight but rather do humanitarian aid for refugees or simply try to find relatives that live there and lead them to safety ? 
  should they be banned as well ? 
  ehhh afaik it was n't really abolished , just suspended , so that the government can reintroduce it whenever they feel like . 
  well we sure can do it against `` piracy '' websites appearently . 
  but it has some serious rich supporters ... such as the m\u00fcller guy ( the joghurt company ) . 
  but in the end you are right : it wo n't do anything , especially in the internet age the neo-nazis have other ways to communicate rather than the party itself . 
  however in the other hand : if the evidence is absolutely clear that they plan to destroy democracy and persecute minorities , than the basic law demands them to be forbidden ( just like any other criminal has to be prosecuted ) for the sake of justice alone . 
  i think the important thing is to freeze/confiscate their assets that may be used ( currently ) to support criminal organizations . 
  ( you can bet that over a chain of supporters and shadow companies the nsu got money out of npd bank accounts ) . 
  the state does not directly control their programming ... in fact every politician that tried o do so in the past got found out and burned for it . 
  the reason why money for the broadcast is collected by the gez and not as taxes is specifically to take away direct state control in terms of budget ... the public broadcast channels regulate their own budgets . 
  the zdf chooses their intendants via election were there are in fact politicians , but only in part . 
  the ard is even more independent . 
  so in a way our public channels may be `` state '' owned , but are still independent from the government ... no ministry has control over it . 
  because austria brought germany nothing but misery twice in a row . 
  i do n't want to take chances for a third time . 
  as sad as it it : how many would die if a country has to completly default , leading to a complete breakdown of everything : pensions , savings , cut down in emergency services and law enforcment etc ? 
  recessions are normal in the economy . 
  though sometimes there are recessions that are so bad , that it takes more then a decade to recover come ( hence the term `` lost decade/generation '' ) ... that 's what basically greece is going through just now . 
  the thing about it : recessions are so regular ( same with lost decades ) that you can actually forsee them ... but nobody appearently wants to prepare for them . 
  just squeeze out enough money until recession hits . 
  maybe technocracy ? 
  basically you only get political influence in topics you are competent inand/or if they influence you directly . 
  so basically : family poiltics is n't done by old people who go by `` muh family values '' , but rather by prominent sociologists , teachers and ( actual ) experts in pedagogy ... parents have some competence of experience , but no competence in a deeper psychological level .
