   more informal and more flexible and essentially just a forum for diplomacy and a set of enforceable rules to facilitate easy trade so basically the council of europe then ? 
  well ifyou make a party centered around the top 1 % ... do n't be surprised if just 1 % are willing to vote for you . 
  since `` infinite '' germany is in the minimum bracket i would counter it with : there is a definite correlation between driver discipline and number of road deaths . 
  germany is very strct when it comes to what lane to drive on the autobahn , add to this that the drivers license exam is one of the most difficult in the world . 
  also : what are e.g. 
  the likeliness of things such as dui in each country as well ? 
  add to this , that deer hunting within the eu is ecologically necessary , as the human is pretty much the only predator for deer left in large parts of europe . 
  resulting in too many deers with too much damage in the environment . 
  the same claim can not be made with seals . 
  well how does it say : good and evil lie in the eye of the beholder ... and i think most people actually do think that this decision was good against an `` evil '' hunting practice . 
  nuclear power was never a lot to begin with ... germany had a relatively low number of nuclear power plants compared to france and there was almost never a situation were every single one of them was actually up and running , some of them were always turned off . 
  that 's the reason why we could put them offline to begin with : they were never a big factor anyway . 
  well as long as afd and npd steal each others voters wich in return leads to neither party in a parlament in germany ( though they may get into eu parlament ) then i have no problem with such a form of status quo . 
  a big reason for germany 's growth in the first quartal was the mild winter , since the building business could continue throughout the winter without any major halts in projects due to frost . 
  they had a rule once which only allowed artists to sing in ( one of ) their native languages ... guess what : the uk and ireland always won . 
  reintroducing that rule would lead to the exact ame thing , as english is the lowest common denominator of what people can understand ( and easy to understand lyrics are easy to `` sing along '' which in return leads to more votes ) . 
  see , this is what germany does well . 
  you only have to be a registered citizen of age in the city ( something anyone must be anyways ) and they will always send you your voting card automatically . 
  you never have to register for any vote ( unless you want to vote via mail ) . 
  and that 's the reason why electronic voting machines are still illegal in germany ( fun fact : it was the ccc that in a live presentation in court , that convinced our supreme court to do it ) . 
  the only way elecronic voting ever becomes legal is , if it becomes unhackable ( in other words : never ) . 
  that 's sure going to rsutle * someones * jimmies . 
  for the gdr ( ddr ) citizens a good example : the 1953 uprising and for the chzechs the `` prague spring '' ( especially that one ) were the ussr/russia really showed its true colors : the gdr/czechoslovakia were n't allies for the russians ... they were nothing but client states with no reasonable right on self determination . 
  and with your 1 . example : yes the gdr lived better than the russians , however if you got `` rich '' relatives in the west that regualy bring presents , added with ofte \u00b4 n being able to recieve free west radio/tv we could actually see how poor we actually were . 
  and from history germans knew : we can do better than that !, 
  we could live like that , too together as a whole family again , but the government ( which was ultimatively nothing but a puppet to the soviet overlords ) would n't let us !, 
  and that 's still the main problem with russia today : it does n't has allies , it does n't has equal partners ... it only has client states . 
  ( or at least that is what we recieve from putin ) . 
  to be as `` free '' , `` fair '' and `` correct '' as crimea i presume ... 
  they are n't a majority as they were in crimea ( if the crimean seperatists were a majority to begin with ) ... so they will go out of their way to make sure the vote goes in their favor . 
  especially : if the vote is successful they will be the `` liberators '' of their new country , if it fails , they will be trailed and punished as seperatists , rebels and terrorists ... so they have a high personal stake there as well . 
  huh , so they apperantly changed it again ... guess now people complained that their telphone vote does n't matter enough , as the jury was reintroduced because these blocks made the show into a farce . 
  because of the way the voting works ... every country gives out points ranging from 1 to 12 ( i think ) and can only give each `` category '' to each country once ... e.g. 
  the uk gives germany 7 points ... now germany ca n't recieve other `` categories '' of points from the uk anymore ... the last time i watched eurovision , televoting handet out the points from 1-9 , while the jury handet out the points from 10-12 ... so if every televoter in every country chooses e.g. 
  france it gets 9 points from very country ... however if every jury in every country chooses e.g. 
  austria then austria would win because they get all the  9 points . 
  i think in total yes , but since every country can only receive points once by another one means that the points that matter the most are given out by the jury ... so if country a is popular in televoting and country b popular for the jury , then country b would win by a landslide , as it always gets the highest points . 
  and that 's why it 's good that they reintroduced the jury to give out the highest points . 
  just because 60 % say they stand with the west , does n't mean that the other 40 % are automatically for putin ( that faction is rather small ) ... it 's just that a lot of people do n't want this crisis to escalate into a war and guess what : `` standing to the west , no matter what '' does indeed mean : you are for joining a war if one of your allies declare it . 
  and this last `` western value '' stuff was absolute bullshit in the first place ... what exactly are western values ? 
  how are they compromised by not wanting a full out war over something as parts of the ukraine ? 
  how do other countries ( our `` allies '' ) stand to western values ? 
  ( * cough * usa * cough * ) if germanies stance is against western values , then pretty much all our other allies lost their values a long time ago as well ... ... so stop using this fucking `` you are for or against us '' bullshit , as this is nothing but warmongering . 
  it 's the exact same thing bush said about germany when germany refused to join the iraq war . 
  and i thgink there is a difference between `` opinion '' and `` lying '' . 
  there is no reason whatsoever to think the holocaust never existed , other than to justify your own hatred , 100 % of the facts are against you , making every claim otherwise a simple lie . 
  if you could back up your denial with proof then yeah : should n't be banned ... but in this case it is impossible to provide any facts for your denial and ( intentional ) falsification of history is extremly dangerous ... it was one of the big reason the nazis became popular in the first place . 
  islam itself is a religion like every other that exist , and even it 's archaic rules are n't much different than other accepted religions ( e.g. 
  : judaism relies on the pretty violent old testament , but everybody only complains about theviolent parts in the koran ) . 
  the real threat is , of course , extremism . 
  however the people who join these extremists are often in a personal situation that makes them easy targets for these kind of groups ... so if they would n't join the extremists they would join groups such as e.g. 
  the neo-nazis , hell even extremist christians can be pretty violent to others . 
  so even if we get rid of the salafists : people will simply join different groups and all this shit is going to start all over again ... what we really need to do is make sure that people do n't become target for extremist groups in the first place , as well as having better integration for immigrants . 
  the parents may still be salafists assholes , but we have to make sure they children do n't become those . 
  another reason why i think islam is so `` violent '' right now : the heavy shift ( in the entire world ) away from religion towards atheism/secularity , especially in europe . 
  that makes conservatives accross all believes terrified , as lower religion means less and less power for religious authorities . 
  atheists also have the same morality as e.g. 
  christians which in return makes them scared to become obsolete as a moral instance . 
  so religious extzremism is currently nothing but the bites of a dying animal pushed into a corner . 
  mabe belgium was also less dependent on the financial sector than other countries ? 
  like i said : germany kept the crisis small by encouraging consumotion in germany itself ( remember `` abwrackpr\u00e4mie '' ? ), 
  as well as using this part-time working concept ... as lower exports mean lower productivity ( wjere the state also payed part of the then missing wages ) . 
  ties to china helped as well , as they did n't had a crisis and still imported german goods like crazy . 
  this lead to less companies getting broke due to the crisis , leading to an extremly quick recovery of exports once the banks of the world started to give out credits again . 
  because when other countries are in a financial crisis they do n't import as much as they used to . 
  germany felt that hasrhly , it was an actual crisis outside the banking sector , and only our business with china and things like temporarily working half-time with half-pay helped reducing it . 
  i guess the netherlands were n't as lucky as germany . 
  but europe is pretty crowded anyways . 
  a system like that can only sustain itself by constant growth of the population ( and all of them need jobs as well ) ... a system like that simply is n't sustainable . 
  you also have to know : childless people usually earn much more money than parents leading to them paying more into the pension funds as well . 
  europe does n't need more children , it needs a better way to deal with old people and to keep them healthy . 
  not really . 
  statistically a single year does n't make a trend and can ultimatevly be nothing but `` noise '' . 
  however in this case there is a good and logical reason for an increase ... but looking how low the total number of suicides is e.g. 
  551 men on a country with a pop . 
  of ~ 10 mio . 
  makes about 5 mio . 
  men ... so we have about 1 suicide per 9074 men ... germany 's suicide rate is about 3 times that high . 
  look [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) , the data may be older , but even with the increase greece will still rank rather low . 
  imagine a place were there is only 1 suicide per year ... however one year another persons offs himself : `` 100 % increase in suicides !, 
  people kill themselves like flies !!! '', 
  man why does it always seem to be france ? 
  they pressured germany into accepting the euro ( because the mark was too strong , leading to every other currency being dependent on a currency that is even less in their control than the euro ) , as well as accepting greece into the eu and eurozone . 
  i mean idealism is good in healthy potions but god dammit france ... serve yourself some realpolitics sometimes ok ? 
  it 's just as naive to think that they would n't do it , even if we had nuclear power . 
  the coal lobby is very strong in germany , it has always been , and afaik plans to raze these villages have been in place for years now ( since 2007 ) , long before germany got rid of nuclear power . 
  hel they are ' t even the first villages that have been razed for coal mining in that area ( four villages in the 80s , one in 2004 ) , the razing of these three new villages is planned for 2030-40 ... so there is at least still a chance for them to fight for their homes , however chances are slim , as these three villages only have about 900 people living in them ... not enough to challenge a business running in the billions ... and sadly they could n't get enough people for a petition in 2008 . 
  the last chance the people have : this year they will vote for a new regional parlament ... maybe they will see things differently . 
  better translation : 55 % think we should accept annexion , as putin/crimea wo n't back down either way . 
  ( i do n't btw , as the vote was n't free ... it was sorroundded by armed guards in a transparent box without an envelope for your vote ... so the guards could make sure you vote the `` right way '' ) 60 % believe the reactions from the west are correct and 34 % think the reactions are not justified . 
  to compare with a different german poll ( zdf-politbarometer ) , were about 49 % ( 41 % on the other side ) of the germans think that putin wo n't stop at crimea ( and with crimea russia had some kind of historical justification ... but not in east ukraine etc. ) . 
  53 % think that putin is a very high threat to the global peace ... however 77 % believe that increasing nato troops at the eastern eu borders is the wrong way . 
  no not really , the entire wall ( and gdr border in general ) had it 's strongest fortification faced to the gdr side . 
  as soon as gdr citizens managed to get to west berlin they would have gotten a western pass etc. 
  so they could be transferred to the federal republic with ease . 
  there was a small `` strip '' of autobahn between west berlin and the federal republic that was considered neutral ... any west berlin citizen could leave west berlin and go anywhere to west germany anytime they wanted ... they did n't had to ask the gdr authorities for that . 
  they were much more interested in keeping their people in than westerners out . 
  also china would lose more by siding with russia than siding with the us/europe . 
  so china would probably stay neutral . 
  especially since `` territioral integrity '' is very important for the chinese government .
