thanks for the link !, 
  here 's the relevant paragraph , no birthright citizenship : '' germany : an exception to the increasing restrictiveness toward birthright citizenship , germany , prior to 2000 , had its nationality law based entirely on jus sanguinis . 
  now , children born on or after 1 january 2000 to non-german parents acquire german citizenship at birth if at least one parent has a permanent residence permit ( and had this status for at least three years ) and the parent was residing in germany for at least eight years . '', 
  just to add , this does n't mean they do n't get residency . 
  they just do n't get citizenship . 
  they might still get long term residency as a result of children , bit the child and parents , then later they can apply for citizenship . 
  either way , these people do stay in germany for ever . 
  i 'm pretty sure anyone born in germany gets german citizenship . 
  therefore they ca n't kick the parents out , who get 18 year residence permits , essentially becoming german citizens themselves . 
  they just need to have a child then they can stay forover . 
  as soon as they arrive they have kids , then they get to stay forever . 
  these are all going to become german citizens , each and every one of them . 
  yeah this is it exactly . 
  it 's not about doing a christian thing , it 's making a demographic distinction to select migrants who statistically have a much lower chance of fucking things up in the future . 
  nice suggestion op !, 
  i 'm a dual citizen , and only having one flag paints a very incomplete picture of my situation . 
  four syllables instead of one ? 
  yeah i 'll go with `` at '' thank you . 
  `` klammeraffen '' is an absurd word . 
  at least he 's getting some work experience to put on his resume . 
  seems like a fair deal . 
  you sure know how to prove a point , mr. baguette . 
  itt : the french are assholes . 
  what do they put in the water there to make everyone so unfriendly and xenophobic ? 
  you do n't understand the world at all . 
  i 'm waiting for spherical coins to become a thing . 
  then i can carry them around like a bag of marbles . 
  i 'm struggling with allergies mostly . 
  but the weather is very pleasant right now . 
  i enjoy the occasional rain and wearing a light jacket . 
  really ? 
  i 'm sitting here still waiting for summer to start . 
  i 'm wearing two layers and a jacket . 
  i do originally come from hotter climes , so this all still feels like late winter/spring to me . 
  we had nice weather in berlin this weekend . 
  and it rained , which reduced the pollen in the air , which is good for people with allergies . 
  `` fancy-schmancy '' , that 's a great one :-) i love that expression . 
  in berlin you only hear english on the u-bahn on a friday and saturday night . 
  it 's wild . 
  even the germans are all speaking english to the italians , spanish , british , or whoever they met and partied with . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your question . 
  do you mean what is stopping european countries from guarding their borders and ` preventing ' the immigrants from reaching shore ? 
  the problem is that , as you say , europe has functional governments that do n't just drag the immigrant boats back out to the ocean to let them sink . 
  this is the quagmire , what do you do with these immigrants ? 
  you ca n't just sink and kill them . 
  you ca n't just air drop them back into africa . 
  you have to process them . 
  you need social workers to check their backgrounds , establish where they came from , what benefits their entitled to . 
  this takes time . 
  you need to house and feed them during this time . 
  the difference right now is that the instability on the shores of african countries on along the mediterranean has enabled economic immigrants to travel to europe by boat . 
  libya is completely destabilized , so there is no government controlling the shores . 
  most of the african immigrants are not ` refugees ' . 
  they are opportunists fro a range of african countries who have been sold the idea that they can walk into europe and be given money , a house , a job and a life . 
  the traffickers are like travel agents . 
  they make a lot of money from pitching the idea to many different africans that it will only cost them one boat ride to enter the land of milk and honey . 
  and now , conveniently , there is no government controlling the ocean borders of libya , so it 's being swarmed by the ` free market ' of traffickers . 
  this reminds me , i should go to the arbeitsamt and register as arbeitslos ... that might tip the scales a bit . 
  and i need wohngeld . 
  god i 'm poor . 
  are the chinese swimming in the sidewalks ? 
  honestly i 'm very sympathetic towards the refugees , even the criminals , i understand they come from a war torn part of the world where things are done in a different way and i hold no personal grudge against the guy who attacked my wife . 
  as to your question , i sensed it right away that he was a refugee , and i did n't want it to be so , i looked the guy up and down and imagined the hard life he has had losing his loved ones and travelling all these thousands of kilometers to seek refuge in germany and then he goes and comics a god damned crime . 
  my wife had tackled the guy and screamed for help from bystanders who called the cops and cuffed him . 
  they then proceeded to empty his pockets and he had a lot of stolen stuff , including drugs , and then they pulled out his refugee registration documents . 
  so that 's how i know he was a refugee . 
  honestly , are there any rational choices in german politics ? 
  i 'm going to vote this year and it seems the only choices are lunatics on both sides of the divide . 
  what i would like to see is people actually coming up with ideas to * solve the logistical problem * of the refugee crisis , instead of trying to solve the problem of german conflicted emotions * in response to the refugee crisis * . 
  i 'm no politician or strategist , but here are some ideas off the top of my head : make it clear that refugees will never be granted citizenship and will have to return to their homeland . 
  create un refugee shelters at the logical entry points to the eu , in bulgaria for example and at the syria turkey border , and put most resources into making these places safe and acceptable for long term stay , with schools , training , channel volunteers into this program etc. 
  one strike and you 're deported policy for misdemeanours . 
  and make this very clear to the migrants , that even a small infraction will lead to immediate deportation . 
  same here , my wife is now afraid to travel on the trains at night here on berlin since she was attacked and robbed by a refugee a couple weeks ago . 
  this is affecting our security and freedom . 
  instead of solving any problems , or saving any lives , we 've just imported the problem to ruin lives here . 
  there 's already a word for this , it 's called islam . 
  i disagree . 
  she needs to publicly admit that she made a mistake and then work to fix it . 
  you ca n't just break europe and run away from it . 
  the scandal is partly that german police are completely incompetent . 
  they have no idea how to handle real danger . 
   jesus founded his religion and was executed by the romans before he got a chance to spread his religion by violence . 
  just take a minute to think about how absurd this is . 
  you 're saying jesus was just as violent as muhammad even though there are zero documented instances of any violent actions by him ... simply because you and reza aslan think that eventually he would have resorted to violence . 
  he was in his mid thirties when he was crucified , plenty time to prove his character . 
  his character was one of non violence . 
  imagine if we prosecuted people in our legal system like this , because we imagine they might commit a crime in the future . 
  does that make any logical sense ? 
  you 've completely departed the fact based world when you try to claim that muhammad was a less violent person than jesus was . 
   since your claim holds an implicit claim that the current `` christian '' society in europe is somehow inherently less violent my claim that muhammad and therefore islam is violent in no whatsoever implies anything at all about christianity , let alone about `` current christian society in europe '' . 
  take a minute to think about this , seriously . 
  why pick a fight about such a logically absurd position that you surely can not be so ignorant of . 
  you 're the one who opened up a discussion of christianity and its comparison with islam , not me . 
  when i responded to this , your claims , i explained that one of the fundamental distinctions between christianity and islam is the inherent character of the purported prophet . 
  and you are not able to provide a single instance of jesus engaging in violence , let alone to the vast extent that muhammad was violent . 
  can you not at least acknowledge this , that muhammad was a more violent character than jesus ? 
  does it not logically follow that desciples/followers of a prophet would be more likely to tolerate or engage in behaviour that their prophet also engaged in ? 
  this is not complex logic , this is ( a ) ( b ) = ab . 
  in anticipation of your denial that muhammad was violent , i 've done your homework for you :  ibn ishaq writes that muhammad approved the beheading of some 600-900 individuals who surrendered unconditionally after a siege that lasted several weeks .
