   as a garment , it contradicts human dignity and any concept of equality . 
  i honestly agree with this - but again , if it is the woman 's choice to wear it , who exactly are you to decide for another human being what it means to be self-sufficient and self-assured in a society ? 
  if a punk ass left libertarian shows up tomorrow at your doorstep and tells you that wearing a suit means you 're a corporate slave , that capitalism contradicts the concept of equality for it empowers the capitalists at the top which are essentially robbing the masses etc. 
  - would n't you laugh in his face ? 
  if we lived in a society which compelled women to wear burqas , i 'd agree with your point . 
  but the fact that they choose to wear it despite not being compelled to , despite islam not being the widespread religion , despite there being equality for women with easy and fair legal ways to achieve that - tells me that , for whatever reason , they genuinely want to wear that . 
   the dispute over the burqa ban is in fact eminently political . 
  and at its core is the issue of how we should deal with the enemies of an open society . 
  yeah !, 
  we 're creating a free society by banning people 's right to wear a particular type of clothing that we do n't like !, 
  we are so not like those oppressive authoritarian muslim countries , bending to the collectivist will and hatred and enforcing it through laws targeting specific religious groups . 
  we have a good future ahead of us !, 
   and that means the burqa should be banned in germany . 
  just like polygamy , child marriage , and female genital mutilation but not male genital mutilation . 
  gods forbid we ban chopping a man 's penis without his consent because that would upset some religious groups . 
  concern for liberty and equality , my ass - you just hate muslims but you 're too afraid to admit it , so you hide behind laws and shallow justifications to ride the collectivist wind down the `` let 's piss off some muslims because we 're hurt '' lane . 
  a public school is different from a public beach . 
  there is a huge difference between ensuring secularism in places where children are educated and outright enforcing it in public places through authoritarian and discriminatory measures . 
   it 's particularly causing trouble for france now because it 's attempting to enforce french law on people who are very much not french . 
  wearing burkas does n't make you `` non-french '' no more than being protestant , black or hating wine does . 
  wearing burkas is not mutually exclusive with being a french citizen and is no way in opposition of integrating within the french community . 
  it 's hilarious to think that if the community rejects you solely on the grounds of wearing a burka then you should stop wearing it in order to `` integrate '' because the collective demands that you do so - and even so , it should n't be up to the state to forcefully get people to `` integrate '' nor should it expect for integration to happen as a result of a law . 
  hundreds of years ago , black people were considered `` not french '' . 
  does anyone have the audacity to suggest that perhaps we should restrict the word `` french '' to white-catholic people because people of other religion or color are n't really french and should n't be allowed to call themselves that because it would alter the makeup of their country ? 
  what european traditions you are referring to ? 
  anyone trying to make an argument about this over preserving whatever cultural heritage when it comes to a woman 's choice on what she is allowed to wear in public is disingenuous and outright stupid . 
  if anything , it 's against the european values to ban an outfit on absolutely no grounds other than misdirected emotional ones . 
  no , you 're not going to get rid of muslims if you ban burkinis and you 're not going to stop terrorism or prevent another terrorist attack by forbidding the veil in public . 
  the only thing you 're going to do is prove that the french state will side with bigots and cowards who need to hide their resentment behind oppressive laws , pretending it 's for their own good that they do so ; the one thing you are certain to achieve is going to be an easier way for terrorists to radicalize your population . 
   such an interpretation of eu law would promote hostility to people who show their religion through their clothing , and to the employers for whom they work . 
  it would legitimize the idea that these people and their employers are partisans . 
  this would be particularly harmful for muslims , who are the main victims of religious discrimination in europe . 
  on the contrary . 
  the manifestation of religious beliefs promotes hostility due to the way most religious beliefs are defined through their teachings . 
  allow me to explain with some simple logic tied to this person 's argument . 
  to quote from your argument  the expression of religion is an aspect of religion , as advocate-general kokott accepted . 
  do i really need to [ post a dozen of quotes ] ( http://skepticsannotatedbible.com/int/long.html ) taken from the bible , quran or torah which describe how each of their religious adherents should refer to the other religions ? 
  i am not saying here that every muslim hates christians because the quran says so or that every christian hates the jews because of what happened to jesus . 
  it is , however , undeniable that every single major religion carries , in its teachings , negative connotations addressed to the non-believers as core defining principles . 
  the point is this : if the mentality of `` our religion is true / better / brighter / etc. 
  and theirs is false / heresy / etc. '', 
  is embedded to each and every single major religion through numerous religious texts , then allowing for the expression of religion at the workplace through symbolic clothing will also directly carry a symbolic message of hostility , intolerance , bigotry ( and so forth ) for the other religions , as these principles are part of the religious teachings supported by the symbolic clothing regardless of whether or not the adherent practices or believes in them or not . 
  the other arguments in that article are complete bullshit . 
  to name a few :  it pretends that employers can decide there is a single `` neutral '' way that europeans behave and dress . 
  welcome to the western world - and yes , it 's called a dress code . 
  i 'm not going to go into the details of why employees have dress codes at the workplace but they have all the rights in the world to demand that from employers . 
   this would be particularly harmful for muslims , who are the main victims of religious discrimination in europe . 
  if you 're going to post statistics about how europeans view muslims in order to be subtle about correlating the banning of headscarves with islamophobia , can i also post statistics on muslims and terrorist attacks carried out in europe to subtly induce the idea that all muslims should be treated as potential terrorists ? 
   islam has been a european religion for 1,400 years , [ it was n't received that well i 'm afraid . 
  ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/vlad-tepes-woodcuts-vlad-tepes-143031147677-prince-of-walachia-called-picture-id541470809 )  should an employer be allowed to decide that `` neutrality '' of the work place requires workers to speak only one language ? 
  well , would n't it be retarded if you worked for customer 's service in finland but spoke in hungarian to the customers ? 
  would n't air traffic controlling be a blast if a guy working there started shouting directions in zulu ? 
  this article has so many stupid points . 
  isis is pressing a total war against the west with no rules , no limits , no concern for the loss of innocent lives , not even those of the same religion as theirs . 
  the west on the other hand is playing at war and they 're losing . 
  one cunt killed 70 people tonight and it will not mean a thing . 
  some bullshit security measures will be taken , we 're all going to feel sorry , the `` islam is not the cause of this last terrorist attack '' rhetoric will roll - and in one week 's time no one is going to give a shit . 
  if the west went on a total war against this cancerous isis shit , we 'd be done in a week . 
  how many innocents have to die before we realize that we ca n't be the good guys and win this war at the same time ? 
  gypsies taking slaves is [ such an irony ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_romania ) though . 
  this brexit move reminds me of some kind of spoiled brat in kindergarten who tells the teacher that * he wants to go play alone because his toys are brand new and so much better than other children 's toys * he does n't like playing games with others because he hates other children 's rules * he only cares about the community so long it benefits him those kids usually have fun on their own for a while and then they come begging back to be included in the group after some time . 
  if they want to be isolated i suggest we best give them that . 
  i 've lost one country - they 've lost 49 countries - fuck 'em and let them be . 
  i 'll provide the translation : '' ** panic in ploiesti : a young man dressed as an arab , with a turban over his head and a toy gun in his hand managed to get half of the police task force out in the streets ** ploiesti in an alert state , on the night of wednesday , after five attention seekers tried to mimic a terrorist attack downtown , in the area of caraiman . 
  the young teenagers were in a black bmw with a license plate from the county of bacau , and one of them was wearing a white cape with a turban over his head , and had a toy gun in his hand with which he would threaten the people passinng by around them . 
  witnesses stated that they would stop the car wherever they would see a large group of people gathered and , in plain english , would ask whether the people whether they could offer directions to a particular address . 
  to look more credible , they also pulled out a toy gun which , when activated , produces a very convincing sound of an authentic weapon while also producing a little smoke . 
  because it was dark and due to the context of the terrorist attacks in london , people did not realize it was a joke done in poor taste and have alerted the police . 
  a citizen called 112 and notified the police about several foreign citizens firing guns around ploiesti 's downtown area . 
  even more to add , the man stated that the bullet actually missed him and hit a car behind him . 
  within minutes the downtown area was filled with police cars , the main exists were blocked and the alarm was forwarded to the neighboring counties in order to prevent all cars with a bacau county number from escaping through the northern part of the country . 
  the `` terrorist '' filled bmw was identified and stopped in traffic after a movie-worthy car chase . 
  the attention seeking kids were taken out of the car , were placed on the ground and were also handcuffed . 
  they were taken to the police headquarters where they were interrogated . 
  they declared that they only wanted to make a joke and did n't think it could end up being anything serious about it . 
  a criminal case file has been issued for disturbing the public order and peace but due to the fact that 4 out of the 5 pranksters are underage , they are only going to be facing a fine . '', 
  up where ? 
  i remember a time when nearly every single poll was against a certain candidate who is now the president of the usa . 
  a major american figure making a fool out of herself by making historically inaccurate disturbing statements ? 
  that 's so unlike all the other americans i 've ever heard in my life . 
  and i really do n't see why anyone would disagree with this fine lady , because if you think about it : * 9/11 showed us that jet fuel can melt steel beams * sandy hook showed us semi-automatic rifles are still popular * isis showed us knives are sharp * vietnam proved the south always loses against the north and so forth - so why would anyone get offended ? 
  they 're just true statements , i 'm not siding with anybody . 
  i 'm really curious what people think of [ this thing ] ( https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-ygjsclizmem/txoosq9qdbi/aaaaaaaaaos/jopk2ojxewi/s1600/cladire+piata+revolutiei02.jpg ) we have here . 
  this is the hq of the architects ' union in romania and is a one of a kind building as far as i know . 
  i 'm no architect but would n't something like this be feasible on most buildings similar to this one ? 
  two times i had to be admitted into the emergency room at the hospital . 
  the first time was during my birth where the doctor who pulled me out broke my right arm . 
  the second time was when i was had to get an appendectomy , the doctor screwed up something during the operation and the thing blew inside me , having to go through 6 hours of operation , and then sit with a hole , a plastic bag and two tubes running out of me and hope the infection would go away . 
  both of them state hospitals , both of them `` bribed '' to do their work . 
  when you get admitted to your hospital , one of your first concerns is to get your family and friends there asap to have someone to bribe the nurses first and from then on , they 'll point you in the right direction . 
  those cunts `` know '' how much each person is to be bribed , from the surgeons and anesthetians down to the guardian at the front if you want to visit during hours you 'd otherwise not be permitted access into the building . 
  a better bed , a new change of sheets , more food in your plate , more painkillers , medicine sometimes ( because the hospital is almost always short on something ) , anything that would normally be part of a decent hospital in the west can probably be obtained here if you bribe someone . 
  i have a lot of friends in med-school here who told me how things go even there . 
  it 's a lot of ass-kissing , a lot of abuse and negligence hidden away , the methods and materials they have for studying are outdated , people know exactly who can be bribed to pass an exam there and there 's a lot of students who pass because of relations and strings their parents can pull . 
  i could n't believe things could be this bad until i actually talked to a former high-school colleague of mine who was a complete bimbo by all definitions , how she managed to pass into the third year of med school and she actually confessed her father stepped in for most of her exams because he 's a very good doctor somewhere and he knows most of them . 
  she told me many of her friends in her college group did the same . 
  many of them work hand in hand , favors for favors , this is how it was and how it sadly will be for another 1-2 generations at least . 
  you know what the hardest part of this is ? 
  that i 've met good and honest doctors in my life and sometimes i was treated well without having to bribe anyone , albeit few case those are indeed . 
  if all of them were crooked bastards , it would be easier for us to swallow that pill and just avoid them .
