  there are doctors who live with a god complex and think they are entitled to this kind of behavior , but then there 's doctors who are humble and do their job right . 
  the sad part is that , because the state pays them next to jack shit in this country ( we 're talking somewhere around 500 euros/month ) , people feel compelled to bribe them and most of the good doctors who graduate from school here go to work elsewhere in the eu to not have to deal with this system . 
  the ones who stay here are either too old to leave , too patriotic to care for themselves , or simply too bad or comfortable to be bothered . 
  as a result of most of these things , most of the youth now leans towards the economically right . 
  it sickens and angers me down to the core when i hear people say universal healthcare works and point to communist/former communist countries as an example . 
  it ca n't work when there 's corruption involved at this scale . 
  i hope people will learn from this . 
  i believe that what works for the swede does not necessarily work for the greek . 
  nothing wrong about either of those countries , but people across this continent have a different mindset , priorities and ways of doing things entirely . 
  my country is drowning in shit because of corrupt politicians who use welfare as leverage to get elected , i would want that to stop . 
  and maybe some other countries like the idea of welfare but only for certain categories of citizens . 
  not even americans have sorted out a balanced welfare system and each state has its own rules in regards to it , and those states are part of the same country . 
  convincing all europeans to agree on something like that is impossible . 
  i seriously think you 're either trolling us or you just have no idea what you are asking here . 
   why not with basic people 's needs ? 
  what counts as a basic need ? 
  who gets to receive this basic need , for how long and under what conditions ? 
   a common pension system and unemployed revenue system managed by eu institutions ? 
  how do you decide on a common revenue system for the eu when you have vastly different demographics , economies , taxes and so forth ? 
  what if some countries do n't want to become a welfare state ? 
   giving instantanely more resources for each nation but obviously will lead to small higher taxes to give to europe ( even though , this should lead to a more ballanced [ by income ] taxation ) . 
  what if some countries want to contribute more to their own citizens instead of the citizens from far away countries they have no stake in ? 
  what if some countries prosper more economically with a flat tax rather than taxation by income ? 
  how do you agree on a common tax in europe with so many vastly different industries and agreements in place on a local level ? 
   also a common sanitary system would be a great thing ( mostly because of the high level of service among the european nations ) that should lead to a better service quality for a lower price ( cooperation normally bring this result ) . 
  how do you implement this in countries where corruptions is rampart ? 
  how can you convince countries to a universal healthcare plan ? 
  what do you include in that healthcare plan anyway ? 
  how do you manage funding the hospitals across europe when they have vastly different needs , resources , quality and so forth ? 
  let me be the first romanian to say that taking your girlfriend to see pula is an amazing experience the first time you do it , unless of course it 's too cold outside . 
  do n't get your knickers in a knot mate , it 's just a report , not an opinion . 
  i 'm not calling him a hero nor am i calling him brave or anything you 've mentioned above . 
  sure he 's dumb and his english is pretty bad but it sure smells like you 're suffering from an inferiority complex of some sorts that you feel the need to distance yourself , a fellow romanian i reckon , from what he has done by explaining to us how stupid and `` irresponsible '' he was . 
  you do n't see brits getting pissed over the guy running with his pint in his hand , do you ? 
  as stupid and irresponsible as that might 've been for his own life , people can still laugh about it . 
  no one gives a damn about your respect and your anger simply comes across as misplaced frustration . 
  i honestly laughed about the whole incident . 
  a romanian guy asking his romanian colleague to bring him `` the hard stuff '' that 's under the table , the ancestral rolling pin passed down from generation to generation , the romanian equivalent of the mighty excalibur wielded by the last living sous-chef in the area , heir to the restaurant 's head chef throne . 
  those terrorists did n't stand a chance . 
  that is true , however i looked up other [ news sites ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/externe/ue/romanul-care-i-a-infruntat-pe-teroristi-i-am-dat-una-de-l-am-zapacit-736870 ) and they translated it as trashbins . 
  florin morariu , a romanian chef working in downtown london , managed to film scenes following the terrorist attack on saturday night and posted the video on facebook , relating about two terrorists stabbing several people on the street and allegedly hitting one of the terrorists with a basket ( i.e. 
  `` good people , god forsake us of what is happening here !, 
  two terrorists are cutting people on the street . 
  look what has happened here !, 
  how many they 've killed , brothers . 
  i was at work . 
  look at what they did to one of them . 
  i hit him over the head with it !, 
  i hit him with the basket over the head , i bet he did n't see that one coming . 
  go and bring me the stake !, 
  florin , that hard rolling pin under the table go and bring it here ! '', 
  while it is a decent gesture for the families of the victims it is absolutely degrading to hear her say :  we will not quit or operate in fear . 
  we wo n't let this divide us . 
  we wo n't let hate win . 
  it must look terribly confusing on the terrorist side of things . 
  if they can come into your country , bomb your youth and your response is `` let 's hold hands and sing songs together , no hate please . '', 
  do you think they 'll have second thoughts on bombing you again ? 
  it is insulting for the families of the future victims to maintain the stance which has facilitated this attack in the first place . 
  i 'm not saying you should lock yourself in the house in fear for the rest of your life , but fucks sake can you spare us the pc bullshit and just get mad for once ? 
  standing against the backlash against muslims is just part of the solution but how about you condemn islam , radicalization , the muslim culture which is holding their communities away from integration , how about you show some support for some more background checks on muslims in your country and so forth , you know - stand for some genuinely useful matters on the other side of the deal as well . 
  it has nothing to do with loving our parents or being lazy and comfortable with them being around , we just ca n't . 
  going to university is one thing , working minimum wage for about 300 euros a month when the rent is about 250 euros is another . 
  it might be a different case in italy and central europe though . 
  i 've no idea what wages are like there compared to the rents but it ca n't be that fucked up . 
  [ how is china comparable to 2/3 of europe ? 
  ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/videos/world/2017/01/02/timelapse-beijing-smog-sfc-orig.cnn/video/playlists/china-smog/ ) [ i really ] ( http://www.theepochtimes.com/n3/2031587-more-than-80-percent-of-chinas-groundwater-polluted/?expvar=004&amp;utm_expid=.5zxdwnfjshale_ipro6c5w.1&amp;utm_referrer=https%3a%2f%2fwww.google.ro%2f ) [ do n't ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coal_in_china ) [ get it ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jan/31/world-carbon-dioxide-emissions-country-data-co2 ) . 
  `` do n't even suggest islam had anything to do with it or the muslims might hop into another truck and drive it through the crowd again . '', 
  thanks left-wing rhetoric , i feel safe in your hands . 
  the polls lie about right-wing parties all the time . 
  it 's happened with trump , it 's happened with geert wilders and you have to be a fool to think it 's not happening with le pen . 
  the vote can swing either way . 
  i am sure someone will take the opportunity to say that this attack came to be due to the fact that le pen has caused a wave of muslim hatred in the country or something along the lines of that . 
  bran castle . 
  small shithole of a castle which has next to no connection with vampires or the likes . 
  first of all , i would advise you to learn [ how to spell ] ( http://grammarist.com/spelling/its-its/ ) in your native ( and likely only ) language before you come here to make a fool out of yourself . 
  second , i 'll try to wrestle a bit with your [ loaded question ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loaded_question ) as well as some of your replies i have read here , despite my better judgement to avoid that . 
  know that this post has an informative value and i have no desire to debate your frustrations any further . 
  as far as your policies go , we generally despise them and do not elect leaders who seek to uphold them . 
  the european left / right is very , very different from the american left / right . 
  controversial issues there ( abortions or gun control ) are pretty much resolved in most countries here , the eu is generally more opposed to military interventions , the us has more libertarian values than the eu , and so forth . 
  you know as well as i do that we have different priorities , lifestyles , and many other things and we 're not going to have an argument here over which ones is better . 
  if you 're wondering why small nations ( such as mine , romania ) have not opposed the u.s. - even more so , have participated in [ operation enduring freedom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/participants_in_operation_enduring_freedom#romania ) or accepted [ american anti-missile systems ] ( https://nato.mae.ro/en/romania-news/561 ) on their territory and so forth - is really not that difficult to understand . 
  while most people here disagree with your war and policies , we hate russia with an immense passion . 
  since we live right next to moldova and ukraine , and because we have had first-hand experience on how atrocious the russians are , anything we can do to : * prevent the kind of stuff from happening here * get easier visas to your country * roll with the cool western kids and maybe attract some foreign investors is good enough of a reason to continue doing that . 
  further more , i think the premise of your question is rather ignorant and self-centered - a recurrent theme i 've noticed among americans . 
  i know this might sound offensive to you , but when we elect our leader , foreign policy is just a small fraction of the discussion and where america is going to bomb next is even a smaller portion of that . 
  in short , given a choice between electing a person with an adequate internal policy who supports your warmongering nation and a person with a bad internal policy who opposes it , i would n't take the latter unless it meant nuclear war . 
  does the fact that my president does n't actively oppose the us invalidate my right to stand against american military intervention or policies ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  i hate many things about your culture and society in general but a lot of european nations ( particularly those in the east ) have far more important genuine issues to struggle with and we 're not that eager to throw our votes in with whoever is willing to make the most alarming , insane and dangerous statements on foreign policy - like you guys are doing trump . 
  it came from a person i was talking to over skype . 
  i also jokingly added that my country bordered narnia , although she got confused a bit because she had heard that they made a movie about it a while back so i had to cut the joke . 
  whether or not that had to do with the fact that she was from georgia or mississippi ( do n't recall ) i do n't know . 
  maybe it 's because it had something to do with communism so it 's got to be somewhere close to russia , and nk is close to russia as well so there goes the thought process . 
  she still did n't have a clue where the country was but nodded when i said `` transylvania '' because she probably heard something about vampires over there . 
  nowadays , whenever i get people like that i just tell them i 'm from transylvania or russia because it 's way easier to explain . 
  i 'm not going to be a hypocrite to expect people to know the capitals and everything . 
  the average european will laugh at the american for not knowing the capital of whatever random country but they themselves will be unable to tell you more than 5 american states with their respective capitals . 
  so long the person knows that : 1 ) my country is from europe and for the record , does n't border north korea . 
  2 ) europe is not a country ; also , the person should have some vague idea about its location .
