by all means : `` holders of serbian passports enormously discouraged from entering croatia . '', 
  to be fair , it 's all due to upcoming elections . 
  pm needs to appeal to huge nationalistic voter base who love nothing more than annoy former enemies in war . 
  sad , but true . 
  but , worth mentioning , opposing right wing coalition has named itself `` homeloving coalition '' and whole program seems to be `` back to 90 's '' and glorification of homeland war , while current pm and his coalition is tried to be portrayed as commie , red , socialist and possibly yugo nostalgic `` enemy '' sympathizer . 
  nationalism is unfortunately still pretty strong in croatia and many voters are deaf to anything else . 
  tactic was used in recent presidential campaign and it worked all to well . 
  pm is using this `` incident '' very much to his advantage , as he desperately needs to be seen as `` one of us '' . 
  hence , first war parade a few months back and now this show of teeth to serbia . 
  while truth is he is also hurting croatia economy , but voters are too dumb to care . 
  of course . 
  but still . 
  holders of serbian passports are not banned from entering croatia . 
  not true . 
  `` just '' vehicles . 
  errr ... let them go where they want to go and where they will be accepted ? 
  not citizens . 
  `` just '' vehicles . 
  also , and more importantly , distancing themselves from homeland war enemies , and reminding the `` homeloving coalition '' that left parties are also just as `` homeloving '' . 
  most countries do accept refugees / political asylum seekers or otherwise . 
  refugees can chose the country they want to flee to . 
  this has nothing to do with means of transportation , which can be illegal or not due circumstance , but asylum can be granted regardless and those people continue to live perfectly legal lives . 
  yes germany is accepting them , and slowing it down is for the benefit of everyone . 
  so , immigration laws do not apply for troubled neighboring countries only ? 
  what if there is more than one ? 
  what if country is an island ? 
  geographical adjacency has nothing to do with anything . 
  illegal alien is illegal , regardless of the country . 
  refugee status is same in all of the world . 
  you have no idea what are you talking about , sir . 
   a refugee can not choose where to go . 
  this is so wrong . 
  why the hell not ? 
  someone bombs your house , you save your life by jumping to neighbors lawn , and now you must stay there and ca n't choose where to go ? 
  and since you are `` safe '' there , you are not a refugee anymore , you are economic migrant looking for free money without registering . 
  they can choose best from all available options , and germany was an option for them !, 
   all of this chaos and back-and-forth is caused by germany 's two-faced politics . 
  i failed to see any germany fences/armies at their border . 
  while related flaws are : 1 . ), 
  house is not on fire . 
  whole eu has not accepted even close many people as turkey did . 
  even more so per capita or per area . 
  did turkey burned down ? 
  refugees are not water ( not even cats , no ) . 
  people . 
  scared , tired , desperate , wretched , people . 
  but here is one . 
  your house is destroyed by a mortar and fleeing for your life you jump to your neighbor 's lawn . 
  now you have to stay at your neighbors 's turf for the rest of your life , or you are just an economic migrant . 
  i think you misunderstand how government and internal affairs work . 
  showing a passport on your way in a country is just a tiny part of the control , and when you have thousands of people with kids in their hands literally running over fields it 's ok not to send a fucking army at them . 
  they are scared , cold , sick , tired and desperate . 
  you ca n't fucking shoot them because their papers are invalid somehow . 
  but it does not mean that country `` has collapsed and seized to function '' . 
  nobody is giving them a citizenship just yet . 
  they will all be registered one way or the other , especially if they have any desire of staying any time longer . 
  the notion of them not wanting to register is same as a parents not wanting to register their own kids upon birth . 
  why the hell not ? 
  i think v4 and all eu understand that greece needs border fixing , but we are talking about people already here and about fences between eu countries , which is ridiculous . 
  i still think that 's their best option . 
  alternatives being turkey or going back . 
  it 's not going to be a great life , but it will be a life . 
  peace , organized government and civilized society is what they want and they are not delusional about it . 
  and many still will be able tos tart a new life in europe , as so fucking many already did and there ist still plenty http://www.migration.gv.at/en/types-of-immigration/permanent-immigration-red-white-red-card/skilled-workers-in-shortage-occupations/shortage-occupations-list-2015.html, 
  well , ok , i did say syria and turkey . 
  north africa is another mess on it 's own . 
  well , we can all speculate about future . 
  either way , saying no to 2000 and building a fence still does n't solve a god damn thing , not even for hungary alone . 
   so it has to deal with them i never said that - totally wrong !, 
  whole point was hungary is not alone in this , and fencing or any `` sovereign '' decisions here are just not going to work . 
  just a reminder , greece is schengen and croatia is not !, 
  by all means please tell me what could our country do to protect your fucking schengen while schengen member countries let people in by far and wide ? 
  europeans need reality check . 
  no sane person wanted to leave syria or turkey , on foot , risk their lives on sea , just to live off german welfare in foreign land . 
  disguising , really ? 
  fake passports everywhere for $ 200 . 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  people risking their lives and their children lives , walking thousand miles , not willing to register just to magically apply to german welfare and live happily ever after . 
  shit people believe in . 
  well , refugees are here now , and hungary let them in among with the others . 
  right ? 
  it ca n't pretend refugees do n't concern it . 
  2000 is quota for hungary , and you can handle it easily . 
  building fences between eu countries is wrong way to deal with this . 
  so it has nothing to do with quotas given , it 's all about fear from some scenario in future ? 
  orban is just using the events to appear protective , no one in hungary is going to feel any of it . 
  gypsies are far more threatening that way , it 's all for show . 
  well this is hungary quota , hungary voted no for . 
  or is this all speech about some hypothetical scenario int the future ? 
  all this is just a show to score point on most primal nationalistic level on expense of poor and unfortunate . 
  nobody in hungary is going to feel a thing about this crisis . 
  we are talking about one time 2000 refugee quota . 
  you get 10 times that more roma every year . 
  what do you mean by accelerated ? 
   in the 2001 census only 190 046 ( 2 % ) called themselves roma , but experts and roma organisations estimate that there are between 450,000 and 1,000,000 roma living in hungary . 
  [ 80 ] [ 81 ] [ 82 ] [ 83 ] [ 84 ] since then , the size of the roma population has increased rapidly . 
  today every fifth or sixth newborn child belongs to the roma minority . 
  [ 85 ] based on current demographic trends , a 2006 estimate by central european management intelligence claims that the proportion of the roma population will double by 2050 , putting the percentage of its roma community at around 14-15 % of the country 's population . 
  [ 85 ] yea , 2000 refugees is going to quickly change the pattern of hungarian culture . 
  he talks about 2000 refugees quota that will `` quickly change cultural patterns in hungary '' .
