  fact is , it is discriminating and nothing is wrong with that . 
  well , she just does n't want to . 
   in all fairness , there is a difference , and i do n't see a problem in acknowledging it as such . 
  as in , not to be sexiest either , but there is a difference between man and woman too . 
  viva la difference !, 
  same rights and obligations should of course apply , but no need to use same word for man and woman . 
  in same way no need to play semantics with word marriage either . 
  people are using term `` gay marriage '' as it is , clearly discriminating it apart form just `` marriage '' . 
  i think it 's actually ok to keep traditional meaning of the word . 
  should also apply to `` divorce '' !, 
  i just wish i could see a scenario in the future where we do n't end up just like greece . 
  but budget and deficit is never a real issue or news for anyone here . 
  not while hooligans paint grass or president rearranging office . 
  even now , every single month we tax ourselves one pelje\u0161ac bridge worth of euros and send it to our foreign creditors . 
  every . 
  month !, 
  and we have been trying to build actual one for decades now . 
  and now we get some eu subsidy and it 's like the achievement of glorious nation of croatia . 
  i wish i could believe next goverment will fix this somehow , but i ca n't . 
  i lost hope . 
   hour of need hour seems to last 50 years . 
  and qe has just been done - ecb did it 's part and then some . 
  central banks are not there to fix deficits in budget . 
  prime minister does not control central banks !, 
  please stop pretending that taxes earned and spent are not 99 % of the issue here !, 
  please stop making this about debt , or euro value , or rates , or ecb or imf or germany or france or some other foreign factor that has nothing to do with greece . 
  this is greece 's public budget issue lightyears before anything else . 
  it 's inside greece problem that needs to be fixed by greece people within their own power and rights . 
  yea , creditors will get burned as well , so it 's is kinda their problem too . 
  just like me defaulting on my mortgage is both mine and bank 's problem . 
  bank may lose some money over me , but i lose much much more . 
  and sure i can also blame the central bank , interest rates , the lack of inflation , real estate market or of course the greedy deaf bank itself unwilling to cut me some slack . 
  greece got better treatment by any foreign financial entity in any way than any other country . 
  they just need to get their budget straight , nothing else is required . 
  yea , you are right , croatia 's debt is also soaring and i have no doubt we will end up in the same place in 30 years . 
  i do blame each and every our government for it , buying votes and social peace by taking money from our own children . 
  it will bite us in the ass , just as greece is feeling it now . 
  it 's clear as day where is the problem coming from , i do n't understand why would anyone try to make it something else . 
  it 's not hour of need caused by some natural catastrophe , it 's mandates and mandates of really really poor financial choices and bad long term management due to lack of any responsibility for growing debt or anything really that outlives single mandate . 
  as a fellow croat , of course i strongly disagree !, 
   can we have some efficient government now please ? 
  it seems like people from well governed state do n't want it , and all people from badly governed states do want it . 
  croatia included . 
  now you make them sound like an even more spoiled and tragically shortsighted narrow-minded teenager claiming the right to collect house insurance or her college money before she leaves . 
  that is neither under greek ownership or control and it 's most definitely not for government budget deficit fixing or debt repaying . 
  ecb has full right to do exactly what it is doing . 
  that 's exactly the deal all ez countries wanted , agreed , believe and still stick to . 
  but sure , they can take their share back as they leave ez . 
  clearly ez is the cause of all the problems and greece will immediately flourish once it leaves the house and lives on it 's own means . 
  this is my same point from beginning . 
  delusion about who is your friend and what the problem actually is . 
  as a croatian , with similarly incompetent indebted irresponsible government , paying double the interests on loans that greece currently does , i ca n't wait for greece to `` oxi '' out and spectacularly display a life lesson to the rest of us . 
  just a tip , we are not in ez , and having our own central bank or deflating our own currency does not solve anything really . 
  deflation of own currency is just another way of austerity and tax increase . 
  debt is in euros and it will stay that way . 
  im sorry what savings are you talking about ? 
  did greece deposit a few hundred billion euros somewhere at some point ? 
  from some goverment suficit over the years ? 
  maybe invested in germany stocks or bonds ? 
  i was under the impression that greece was in debt - as in opposite of having savings . 
  to be clear nobody is holding greece 's capital . 
  greece is holding foreign capital with little promise of returning it back . 
  my god , we are talking about delusion afterall !, 
  this does not seem true in economy . 
  easing and credits help recovery . 
  it 's going to be both harder and longer to recover without creditors and partners . 
  in my mind they have chosen harsher austerity and longer recovery period . 
  only good thing that can come out of this is some radical tax , finance and public spending ethic change , induced by something close to humanitarian crisis . 
  i ca n't stop thinking about greece behaving like irrational spoiled teenage kid , living under parent 's roof , eating from same table , constantly complaining about budget spending warnings and so called attacks at her dignity and freedoms before finally deciding to go living on her own , before reality hits her like a truck of bricks . 
  i think next five years would be incredibly harsh for greece , but apparently necessary to appreciate some basic facts of life and then returning to the same table with full understanding of earlier delusions . 
  i wish they were smart enough to avoid learning economics the hard way . 
  it 's like they feel they can vote themselves to be rich . 
  like austerity is something that one desires and chooses . 
  i just feel sad for what will their decisions will bring them . 
  eh , ex-spy croatian putin type . 
  emigrants actualy play a big part in our brilliant electoral process . 
  greece needs to grow its economy , beside some reforms . 
  hardly any country was able to that without loans . 
  oxi means no new loans they desperately need , how is that buying time ? 
  eg right now they wo n't get 26bn to pay 1.6 bn back . 
  if thats easier for them either term - great !, 
  and i do n't see the difference in just cutting paychecks and pensions in euros and converting it to something else and letting it slide . 
  again this is not ez/eu vote , it 's about creditors . 
  i think its a mistake to blame them and sever the relationship . 
  but its still only 4 % gdp to service it . 
  amd what you said your deficit is ? 
  even if your whole debt was magically deleted , greece is still going to have go through painful austerity . 
  your gdp , credit rating , expensive public sector and social care costs are not going anywhere . 
  debt is not the problem , your earning/spending ratio is . 
  you are literally blaming creditors for that which is absurd . 
  i mean germany has debt . 
  whose fault is it that germany does n't owe greece billions ? 
  i want you to vote `` no '' so you can experience what its like to live in a country without being able to make fresh loans . 
  austerity redefined . 
  debt servicing is around 4 % of gdp . 
  this is very far for `` unpayable '' . 
  shrinking gdp and deficit caused by expensive and sensitive public sector is what makes this the easy thing to stop paying for . 
  euros or drachmas , eu or alone , rating will stay , debt will stay , their gdp will stay and their current government budget will stay . 
  they may get those 4 % a year back , but they rating will get far worse . 
  and they have been loaning even more than that per year , so nothing will get better for them in any case .
