  i am not sure what creditors could do to `` help '' . 
  they can either interfere with spending and their sovereignty or not . 
  not interfering is hardly helping them . 
  and interfering is what has been screamed as a main problem . 
  today varoufakis declared `` eu forced greece to close banks '' . 
  eu ca n't do that , greece did that to protect own solvency and liquidity . 
  and then he called them `` terrorists '' . 
  while blaming them for not helping at the same time . 
  i do n't think this is going to work out . 
  well `` oxi '' can only bring them just more higher interest loans and i fail to see how will that help them . 
  i think they need `` oxi '' too , but for sole purpose to stop get credited at all.you are right about eu being bit surprised by this move , but it 's more like `` why would you shoot yourself in the foot '' surprised than `` we did n't think you had the balls '' surprised . 
  to be honest , no , not really . 
  i would guess that loans are about 4 % while deficit is over 10 % . 
  they have been cutting a lot trying to keep it down , hence the disapproval so deficit is lowered . 
  interest rates have been lowered as well , but even without debt economy shrunk which would be a cause for great dissatisfaction and worry . 
  i do n't think that the problem is disagreement as to where to put 4-5 % surplus if they had it ( debt repayment or some investments ) while everything else is great in the state . 
  it 's more like constant deficit for decades with debt and interest rates ever increasing and gdp falling . 
  i do n't think anyone knows what will happen exactly . 
  but it will be painful and it 's going to hurt . 
  leaving eu can only make things worse . 
  i 'm not sure there is a single country who did not benefit from the membership so i do n't see how leaving is going to help them exactly . 
  cutting the pensions/paychecks in half is going to happen and it 's going to be bad , be it euros or drachmas . 
  the credit rating is also really bad , be it in or out of eu . 
  i think their new government is just playing `` it 's not us , it 's them '' song but half of them already do n't believe it and another half will find out once they vote no . 
   unless the americans did some shit in the middle east i 'm trying to figure are you being sarcastic or genuine . 
  i think you got few things wrong . 
  eu ( germany and france most notably ) dont want and actually can not throw greece out of eu . 
  and greece will noy leave eu and not even eurozone . 
  and yes this ia not usoe with federal goverment which can influence budget of its federal states . 
  sharing currency without this is thought as biggest weakness of eu . 
  default does not mean debt is magically gone , it just means they failed to pay agreed payment . 
  they are part of this mess and have 280bn reasons to be so . 
  but its still incomparably smaller issue for eu then for greece . 
  germany lone has gdp around 4000bn . 
  greece has a problem far greater then the debt or servicing it . 
  with of without it they have huge deficit . 
  not to go into why that is ( poor economy mostly , but poor government , corruption , and just general living and spending above it 's means for long time ) but it is not the loan payments alone . 
  so one way or the other party is over for them , they will experience austerity one way or the other . 
  i feel getting back on the feet is easier with fresh loans but with smart investments . 
  i think austerity will hit them much harder without new loans at all . 
  but also think this went on for too long and its time to cut the gordian knot , swallow the bitter pill and smell the reality of balanced checkbook . 
  i am afraid only thing that greece will teach is herself and how to live within means and with smaller state budget . 
  and this is really good lesson and it 's a good thing and i wish more countries take notes too . 
  croatia and usa - economic superpowers . 
  i was wondering how come croatia is not first on the list . 
  we are not listed . 
  and not developed i guess . 
  totally agree . 
  no one should pray , claim god exists or show , exhibit or wear religious symbols . 
  it offends atheists feelings . 
  can we all agree that clothing articles are not mars rovers ? 
  no article should cost more than $ 5 . 
  shoes and handbags included . 
  man , my homeland seems to be turning to shit by day . 
  it 's not just economy , enterprise and public debt . 
  it 's everything , culture , art , science , education , healthcare , tolerance , morals , judicial , you name it . 
  i do not know a single person who does n't want or dream about leaving it . 
  our newest government seems to be just worst bunch of below average amateurs , and most people just do n't even care any more . 
  i do n't remember things being this depressive ever , and i do include communism and a fucking war . 
  people just do n't see things getting better in any scenario , and they are probably right . 
  well , you seemed to be more focused on me than on the subject anyway . 
  let 's agree to disagree then , i wish turkey and russia all the best . 
  yes . 
  and with russia too . 
  especially after allying against isis . 
  and no civil wars on the borders of surrounding countries either . 
  just peace , imports , exports and tourism all around . 
  they would be much better of with never ending war instead peace and losing a a powerful ally or two . 
  like turkey , no ? 
  just no . 
  airspace violations are not integrity violations . 
  airspace violations are done on daily bases all over the world . 
  http://news.yahoo.com/russia-plane-entered-israel-control-zone-syria-minister-101841440.html see ? 
  no planes shot down , no pilots dead , no country integrity violated , no crazy media coverage , no sanctions , no retributions , no accusations - just airspace business as usual . 
  so if you think that russia has suffered anything but completely negligible loss , you are wrong . 
  worth of a plane is probably being spent on bombs themselves per every hour . 
  and there are probably ten times more deaths by military traffic accidents in a month in russia alone . 
  really a mosquito bite . 
  russia did n't `` push their luck '' . 
  it was an oversight at best . 
  most likely just human navigation error or maybe even simple disregard . 
  there was no real benefit for russia to fly by as it there was no benefit to turkey to shoot them down . 
  but they did it anyway . 
  and now let 's just watch and see how things will change for russia because of the incident and how will they change for turkey , shall we ? 
  and then we can have another chat about if it was a mistake by turkey or not . 
  in my opinion the worth of missile to shot down the damn plane alone , while absolutely nothing was gained proves that it was a stupid thing to do . 
  but now just watch how it will reflect relations with turkey from absolutely everyone , most notably anti isis coalition , nato included . 
  look , russia is not violating turkey integrity and has nothing against turkmen as such and turkey was not forced , required or expected to do what it did . 
  of course you can argue , justify and defend turkey position , try to make things better by coming up with excuses , but while they are not completely unfounded - they hold little weight . 
  turkey overreacted . 
  and we all know that is secret goal of every country : to have never ending civil wars in neighboring countries and ruined relations with global superpowers . 
  i like how you switch between contexts to justify the act , while neither warrants turkey reactions . 
  like turkey shot it down because some airspace violation , but also turky must support turkmen , but turkey honestly has no idea who 's plane was it and do n't care . 
  like we could n't care less even if it was turkmenian or syrian or whatever . 
  russia is not at war with turkmen . 
  it 's isis , turkmen , turks , syrians or eskimos isis members . 
  and nobody is violating turkey integrity . 
  except maybe refugees . 
  and you look before you shoot at the plane and then you know . 
  seriously .
