  there are 300000 gypsies ( roma ) in hungary right now , which are hardly culturally integrated . 
  fencing hungary against all of it neighboring countries , while may be seen as treatment or solution of migration crisis for hungary is in reality neither , if hungary plans to stay in eu that is . 
  treatment is processing and accepting the ones who are here , and solution is fixing turkey/greece/mediterranean borders . 
  and that is exactly what merkel is doing now anyway . 
  edit : apparently there are more like close to million romas now , and `` every fifth or sixth newborn child belongs to the roma minority '' and `` proportion of the roma population will double by 2050 , putting the percentage of its roma community at around 14-15 % of the country 's population '' . 
  build a fence around that orban !, 
  he seems right and persuasive on many accounts , but one sounded really off to me . 
  does a nation really choose it 's culture by democratic voting process ? 
  he clearly puts it in that context . 
  either minorities want to integrate or they do n't . 
  either minorities multiply faster than majority or they do n't . 
  it does n't seem like something that 's voted on in parliament or referendum . 
  people of hungary can not really vote on their ethnicity percentages or their cultural patterns . 
  edit : apparently there are more like close to million romas now , and `` every fifth or sixth newborn child belongs to the roma minority '' and `` proportion of the roma population will double by 2050 , putting the percentage of its roma community at around 14-15 % of the country 's population '' . 
  maybe you should have a vote on that ? 
  or maybe build a fence around them ? 
  my guess : * we can take in a few thousands , more than that left only last year * they will probably move west asap anyway * they are supposedly rate a refugees * also , many still remember [ this ] ( http://www.total-croatia-news.com/media/k2/items/cache/f8f336d27957a1b2f13b2daec1d1b4b0_l.jpg ) * pm wants croatia to appear `` humane '' and suck up to merkel, 
  well nobody is getting the citizenship just jet . 
  nor for few years too either . 
  deportation as option is not going anywhere . 
  if they come to border crossing checkpoint willingly you mean ? 
  look , you ca n't fence and control the whole border . 
  even worse you do n't want violence and blood . 
  and they all , fake or not , are worth exactly the same . 
  seriously , they dont even need it to get around eu . 
  at same time you can bet welfare for syrians or anyone without legal status in germany will be under scrutiny . 
  other way being via croatia and then hungary again . 
  my point from beginning regarding `` thank god for orban '' article . 
  fence solved nothing . 
  surprise !, 
  you would n't . 
  see , they are not beggars , and while most may see them as such , they dont . 
  your house and town is destroyed and saving your neck you find yourself thousand miles away from anything and anyone you know . 
  your life as you knew it is over . 
  you are starting over , after being properly fucked in the ass . 
  you dont take any first beggars ca n't be choosers offer you get . 
  its your life and future at stake . 
  you fucking count all your available options , pick best one and take your chances !, 
  not very few . 
  and you cant both claim they want welfare and not to register , its ridiculous . 
  even if they wanted to stay in hungary which they do n't . 
  well your fence assisted illegals into croatia more than enough , thank you . 
  so naive to think you can build a fence and pretend its not hungary 's problem . 
  and orban is naive about it too . 
  they will get to germany , through hungary or not . 
  some help , some do the opposite . 
  i did n't say we are not transporting them where they wan na go . 
  jesus , they are free people , not packages . 
  ok . but what about honest hard working tax paying families who barely escaped their deaths and everything was taken and destroyed from them ? 
  not our problem , lets build a shitty fence and send armed forces at them ? 
  for fucks sake , they just want to pass through . 
  is it a train stopping fence ? 
   but seriously they are just passing through , both croatia and hungary . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  quarter already left croatia . 
  dude , they want to go to germany . 
  nobody is sending them . 
  you cant close a fucking country , ask us !, 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  we are not asking for your help to keep them out , what you did and we objected . 
  we are saying people are coming your way , we are letting them . 
  will you build a fence with croatia too ? 
  sure , make this about nationality if you want . 
  if you raise a fence , people will go around it , simple as that . 
  your part of border may be small and fencible , yay . 
  its not solving anything . 
  they are now coming in through croatia anyway . 
  slow down does not mean fraction . 
  one woman alone asked for asylum in croatia . 
  rest is now entering hungary . 
  no , why ? 
   just saying , `` thank god for orban '' and `` i dont know what would we do without him '' is silly . 
  guy parades a piece of wire to score points with conservatives , postponing the inevitable for a few days . 
  waste of money if anything , and reputation of hungary is at girl reporter level . 
  meanwhile croatia is welcoming and sending them to hungary anyway . 
  just saying . 
  and next one will include bosnia too !, 
  only about thousand km of fence there . 
  and then orban will have final ... sir , they are coming by the sea again ... come on , if us could n't hold off millions of mexicans ... 
  idea may be simple but math does n't work out . 
  you ca n't `` fence and guard '' the whole border . 
  its way too expensive . 
  controlling the points alone is expensive as it is . 
  if us ca n't do it , eastern european countries certainly ca n't . 
  unfortunately `` guarded borders '' are a myth . 
  edit : not to mention the checkpoints , people needed to run them . 
  and `` deportation '' of each one ? 
  you ca n't fence of the whole border . 
  migrants are entering hungary right this second from croatia . 
  orban has made himself look equally naive and inhumane on the outside , all for few nationalistic political points with his voters . 
  not a bad move as such , just saying . 
  it does n't work anywhere . 
  yoiu ca n't fence up hundreds of kms . 
  orban may have won a few nationalistic points , but little fence is useless as just as sad . 
  migrants are taking a day or two longer to go around a fence through croatia on they way north ? 
  how did that little fence change anything ? 
  no , croatia ca n't ( and also wo n't ) do the same . 
  even if we did , bosnia could n't and certainly would n't . 
  borders are miragge , and fence is just a statement . 
  buses ( if not trains lol ) of refugees are flowing into hungary right now as we smoke our pipes in this saloon .
