  eventually . 
  employ and tax ? 
  yea , look what ww2 migration did to us !, 
  well turkey is managing 1 500 000 . 
  lucky they are not eu . 
  was n't same angela recently explaining a little girl why she ca n't stay in germany ? 
  while she was crying ? 
  on live tv ? 
  fun fact : - the man is ex-mayor of our second largest city . 
  mayors in croatia are uncommonly elected directly by all eligible voters . 
  got ta love democracy . 
  germany is not overpopulated . 
  and neither is europe . 
  let 's stop pretending that whole germany is one big manhattan . 
  and is manhattan a bad place ? 
  it seems pretty valuable . 
  humans building cities is not bad thing . 
  suppose germany had another large city , that would be bad ? 
  we can talk cultural integration , and sharing same values , but numbers are not a bad thing . 
  its what economy strength is !, 
  are you saying that germany is overpopulated ? 
  or that only jobs in agricultural sector exist nowadays ? 
  just let them earn their living in peace and pay taxes . 
  i 'm pretty sure 99 % of them want only that . 
  people migrated from balkans during the war to munich , i do n't believe this is any different . 
  either way , every worker/consumer is a good thing for everybody . 
  unemployed and malevolent are the issue of course , but those are 1 ) minority and 2 ) can be both native born or not . 
  u.s. before ww2 and israel after it . 
  literally by millions . 
  human resources can be a good thing . 
  i would disagree , no offense . 
  i think math does not really add up . 
  population is declining , and people live longer . 
  and pension system is the one that is obsolete and engineered with ever growing populace as an assumption . 
  either are healthy adult humans valuable resources or they are not . 
  giving a man a shelter for a few months before he gets a job is nowhere near the cost of child birth , daycare , school , healthcare and education for 20 + years . 
  us would never be this powerful if there were n't for immigrants . 
  people who are willing to work and have a house , mortgage , car and family are the backbone of economic strength , social stability and secured future . 
  `` native '' or not . 
  it 's hard to `` reform '' when you have fixed unfavorable ratio of working/nonworking population . 
  by all means it 's cheaper to have workforce just appear on your doorstep . 
  but as we all know `` integration '' turned out to be somewhat difficult . 
  this actually sounds like worthwhile study . 
  you do n't think there is plenty of mortgaged employed working middle class muslim families ? 
  in almost every economic sector and skill level ? 
   we 're not going to save the world no matter how many refugees are accepted . 
  you just might . 
  germany is obviously making a stand while the whole world is watching . 
  this is not just some `` admirable lead by example '' attempt . 
  this is about defining in what kind of a world do we want to live in . 
  this is germany saying that race , nationality , religion are all bullshit when innocent human lives are at stake . 
  also , germany age demographics looks like shit , even literally . 
  you need all hands on deck to earn your pensions . 
  so it 's a win-win . 
  seriously ... i do n't recall seeing such depressive photograph for a long time . 
  the crutches are not helping either !, 
  would you rather have 6 millions unemployed and on government care ? 
  serious question . 
  i know demographics looks bad , but there are worse things than that . 
  not sure if this is such a bad thing . 
  :( if guy moves from village to city and gets employed , is that bad ? 
  if guy moves from wyoming to nyc and gets employed , is that bad ? 
  sure i wish i could work wherever i want , but it 's better to work somewhere than not at all . 
  except for us of course . 
  i clearly stated the difference and why one if it is very wrong and other is n't at all . 
  on the other hand you somehow failed to answer is having separate bathrooms sexually discriminating or not . 
  maybe you want to try steering conversation away from the topic again . 
   marriage has connotations that are quite important you mean like consisting of man and woman ? 
  or being able to conceive a child on their own ? 
  i am sure that marriage is not equal to a partnership in legal terms in many places , and that needs to be corrected . 
  but insisting that it absolutely has to be called `` marriage '' is like insisting that all women must be addressed as `` gentlemen '' . 
  because they have same rights as men so what 's the problem ? 
  or black people called white . 
  because they also have same rights so what 's the problem ? 
  because it 's not the same . 
  what 's wrong with it being different ? 
  what 's wrong with having different names to avoid confusion ? 
  point is , they do need to have same rights , but there is absolutely no need at all to bear same name . 
  no need to redefine existing , well established words just to make them more broad-term . 
  it does not make people feel weird , it makes them feel confused . 
  it is just semantics . 
  if it was n't , the term would itself would not be important at all . 
  and we are still talking about semantics and not discrimination itself at all . 
  what about men who want to wear short skirts in the schools and offices and other public places ? 
  or men who want get into club for free where only women do n't have to pay entrance fee . 
  are they being sexually discriminated against ? 
  you bet . 
  yes but she seems to . 
  i 'm sure they will have same rights , but wants it to be called differently since they are different . 
  i do n't think this should be an issue . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  its not one of three part , it does n't just happen , nobody needs scapegoat or feels uncomfortable except greece . 
  greece has some serious internal government policy issues and nothing will change until those are fixed . 
  compound interest has been around , and it 's not the cause of anyone 's woes . 
  they actually want equal rights and treatments . 
  i do n't believe there is a need to use exact term as i do n't believe there is a need for one member of the couple to wear skirt or be called a wife . 
  this is implying non existing differences and that why its wrong . 
  are you saying that its wrong to have separate mens and females toilets ? 
  or them having same urinals ? 
  surely thats discrimanting !,
