  it was a poor , uncalled for and treacherous decision and no one will pay for it more than turkey . 
  shoot first , ask questions later ? 
  and sincerely i doubt russia has a problem with turkmenian tribes that need su24 operations . 
  just ridiculous . 
  syria is a mess and no one gave a shit . 
  now russia took iniciative , backed by fucking everyone , even usaf , raf , faf and fucking luftwaffe and turkey is screaming it 's a ploy against turkmen living in syria ? 
  yea right , mate . 
  so you are shooting the guys who are shooting the guys who were shooting at you then ? 
  besides , are you saying that whatever someone ( syria no less ) did before should be used as precedent for all such international cases ? 
  forever ? 
  turkey made a mistake , both ethically and strategically . 
  it gained absolutely nothing with it , while lost quite a lot , world wide reputation/credibility wise and whatever oil commerce it had with syria and what was left of good relations with russia . 
  just dumb . 
  it 's because everyone knows that turkey was not under threat of being attacked from russians to had have to defend from . 
  and because the world is standing by russia side to deal with isis . 
  in all honesty i was under impression that while assad is bad news , isis is far far worse and even turkey should support russia in their fight in syria . 
  in that sense it really was a stab in the back . 
  yes , it was a split second decision , but it was completely unnecessary one . 
  sad one and definitely the wrong one . 
  i guess now turkey can finally rest easy and not suffer those devastating 17 seconds flybys over some mountain anymore . 
  well nobody but turkey sees this that way . 
  it should n't be allowed to fly over , no one is arguing that . 
  what we obviously disagree on is what should punishment and reaction be in such cases . 
  -- is your neighbor allowed to step on your lawn ? 
  -- can you shoot him if he does ? 
  -- hell , no !!!, 
  -- can you shoot him after he has already left your lawn for the sidewalk with other people around ? 
  that 's even worse , wtf is wrong with you ?!!, 
  -- even if he pissed on my lawn ? 
  -- still fucking no !, 
  did he pissed on your lawn ? 
  what was he doing on your lawn anyway ? 
  -- no , he did n't piss on my lawn . 
  he was fighting terrorist and went away quickly . 
  it is possible he was not even aware that he stepped on my lawn . 
  but i shot him . 
  because i have a right to protect myself . 
  should turkey be punished for violating syrias airspace in same way russia was for violating turkey 's ? 
  yes or no ? 
  first off , giving air space warnings to the force fighting isis is shameful in itself . 
  within the rights , but just douchy , when turkey should deal with isis itself given that they pose a threat to it . 
  if not dealing with it directly , then at least helping out the guys who do . 
  second giving warnings before violation even occurred is just ridiculous . 
  turkey has broadcast permissions over syria now ? 
  it was a threat even though no foul play occurred yet . 
  third and most worryingly , violations like this warrant an incident note in statistics , perhaps even an angry letter . 
  but in no fantasy land does it warrant a shooting it down and killing the pilot . 
  finally , all this would cover clean turkey airspace fired , hit and crash scenario . 
  this was far from it . 
  turkey missile entered and violated syrian airspace , and exploded in syrian airspace and caused a crash on syrian soil . 
  sending and detonating propelled armed sure-to-detonate fire and forget weapon over to other country is far far far bigger violation than a flyby . 
  just by this , turkey has made much bigger foul play then the one they are claiming to retribute . 
  but it does n't stop there . 
  it destroys an aircraft , gravely endangers the lives of pilots ( possibly killing them ) . 
  and as if that was n't enough they cause the aircraft to crash and explode somewhere in foreign land and possibly even cause civilian casualties of another country . 
  and this is the rule you feel is correct and just and everyone should apply ? 
  so it 's not about violation of air space ? 
  it 's about russia 's hidden fetish agenda to bomb some tribes because it 's fun ? 
  to be honest it 's not even turkey who is playing this . 
  this is us and uk acting under nato to a ) make things tough for russia and make them seem less effective and b ) keep the divide and instability in eu-russia relations and eu itself . 
  ( i imagine france is not supporting turkey 's actions as us/uk do ) . 
  i am afraid that this is not turkey vs. russia . 
  this is isis vs. rotw . 
  and turkey just helped the isis and sabotaged efforts to fight it . 
  so it is ok to launch missiles over other country ? 
  this is not violation of airspace ? 
  and btw . 
  i would guess less then 100 % . 
  look , let 's not make this a debate over if reaction was too extreme - it was . 
  it was done in us interest alone under nato flag . 
  nato and russia are fighting to destroy isis , this is bullshit . 
  just so you have some idea what are you talking about : https://i.imgur.com/ckh0vcx.jpg, 
  it was n't shot in turkey . 
  https://i.imgur.com/lkqmrbv.png ( source from bbc ), 
  missile lock or not , it 's still a violation of airspace . 
  just shows how ridiculous it is to shoot and kill for 17 seconds of traspassing while doing important and serious job . 
  it was hit in syria : https://i.imgur.com/lkqmrbv.png, 
  still air to air violated syrian airspace . 
  is penalty for airspace violation still death ? 
  this is exactly the same as shooting a guy for trespassing while you are fully aware he is there to fight your terrorist neighbor . 
  true colors shown by turkey . 
  invasion of turkey ? 
  you do know they are fighting terrorist in front of turkey 's front door ? 
  would you shoot a guy for trespassing while he is fighting a terrorist at your neighbors ? 
  also , please explain how turkey did not violate syrian airspace by firing missile over it ? 
  can russia fill your airspace with missiles ? 
  is this ok now ? 
  the truth is turkey has shown their true colors , rather dramatically . 
  instead of giving russia all support they need to get a job done , turkey is now literally , directly and for the first time openly helping terrorists . 
  how do you shoot down a jet over another country without violating an air space of that other country yourself ? 
  one apocalypse coming right up . 
  `` on the edge of reason '' by miroslav krleza ( 1938 ) https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/13162630-na-rubu-pameti cynicism , sarcasm , individualism , conformism , elitism , but above all hypocrisy of the society we live in . 
  it might as well be written yesterday . 
  so you have incompetent/narcissistic or malicious thieve to choose from . 
  how is that even on same level . 
  what if you picked your neighbor or colleague or whatever . 
  i can believe how people behave like it 's almost the same . 
  besides , karamarko or anyone from hdz is hardly `` competent '' . 
  he is number one unpopular politician since day one , ex spy , does n't know english , does n't want to debate , ca n't even remember his own program points , promotes nationalism and 90s war , and his team is the same from criminal days . 
  and he is still most likely our next prime minister with most voters .
