  orban and his little fence . 
  good luck fencing up the whole country . 
  unfortunately croatias border with serbia is much bigger . 
  but even if we could do the same , bosnias border is even bigger . 
  i 'm amazed how people in general are delussioned about how borders ( as opposed to border crossings ) are `` guarded '' . 
  there is no fencing hundreds of kilometers . 
  borders do not really exist except on map . 
  unless you bring on the army and are ready to shoot and kill , most of the countries are free to walk through . 
  orbans fence does nothing . 
  except shift perceptives of orban both inside and outside of the hungary . 
  nooo . . not the train !!!!!, 
  buses are fine though . 
  you ca n't both help the migration and prevent it . 
  also , orban is learning the hard way that one does not simply put fence around a country . 
  you can close crossings and build a few kms of fence but that 's about it . 
  unless you are ready to shoot and kill civilians , your country is pretty much a walk in a park . 
  some people still do n't get it . 
  but come to think of it , this illusion was important to maintain . 
  ok , here goes , prepare yourself ... 
  borders are not border crossings . 
  there is no way of `` fence up the border '' . 
  especially in 3 days . 
  there are no 100km fences , given perfect plains , and that 's the whole point . 
  you would need to shoot and kill and even that would n't work on this scale . 
  buses , trains , on foot , in a day or a year , they are going north , and neither hungary , croatia , austria , slovenia can stop them without civil casualties . 
  well , there is danube which is easier to control and monitor . 
  and if they reach vukovar , they will know for sure they are headed the wrong way and just give up . 
  yea , but that would mean the end of dark ages . 
  science . 
  brought to you by dogma . 
  so ... same as hungary ? 
  lol , good point !, 
  will danube do ? 
  oh gawd they even got our country code wrong . 
  luckily , we are forgotten from most charts . 
  i dont think they will be getting into croatia . 
  rivers and more policed borders . 
  maybe thousand or two quota we got from eu . 
  also not sure about belgrade bus station , i presume they are still flowing in from the east ? 
  but could be wrong , just guessing . 
  i like this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvk3kjf1d68 edit : i guess it was removed ... this is it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61kst5yixf0, 
  except they are not beggars but innocent victims who got robbed of everything they had . 
  im certain no ruler would be happy watching their own people leave . 
  syria is not giving anything . 
  really ? 
  all this because they broke littering laws in hungary ? 
  talking about see through tactics ... 
  arguably so . 
  but then again , not so much really once your hometown is pile of bricks . 
  one certainly could . 
  jesus , really ? 
  they got murdered , hurt , destroyed and living in pure hell for years now and you are calling them out for walking on autobahn ? 
  99 % of them just want to work , earn and have a normal life . 
  they are not feeling entitled to anything except freedom of movement and normal life . 
  there is nothing illegal with germany accepting those refugees . 
  merkel is not breaking any laws . 
  merkel noted more than once that everything germany is doing by accepting them is perfectly legal . 
  as is anyone who ever left his birthplace for a good paying job . 
  you will not build them houses and pay for services , food and cash for long time . 
  not even a fraction of a time and money you would pay for any native newborn . 
  either you believe they will start working and earning their wages , pay taxes and help your country grow like everyone else or you are just prejudiced/xenophobic/racist for some reason . 
  syria was actually pretty decent country , way more educated and `` talented '' than most poor post ww2 europeans . 
  as for africa , well eu ca n't certainly compare to us when it comes to `` talented people '' immigration of africans , can it ? 
  i dare you to say that us would be far better place today if there was n't black people in it . 
  truth is , race and nationality does n't matter . 
  culture does , but it changes and evolves . 
  look at it this way , if immigrating million people is bad , does that mean that emigrating a million is good ? 
  of course not . 
  people are resources and wealth . 
  ( do n't want to pull steve jobs here but hey . ), 
  it 's really hard to be pro-natal and argue immigrants are bad news without sounding racist . 
  wow , i did not know that . 
  i came to despise nationalism myself as i lost all faith in any just or warranted discrimination/generalization/prejudice based on it . 
  so there are just people and their beliefs and system of values which can hardly have a flag . 
  the way i see it there are people who believe in `` human rights '' above all other ( namely religious ) beliefs and people who do n't really . 
  that is true , but migrations from poor to rich regions are enormous . 
  in both numbers and distance . 
  probably cultural as well . 
  a million or two is not unlimited . 
  ask turkey . 
  and a lot of us citizen can trace to africa as well , so what ? 
  i thought us was proud of being multicultural melting pot ? 
  you think ny is a bad place because of `` dissimilar people '' ? 
  there is no really a way for you to make this argument without being racist/xenophobic , sorry . 
  if you do some research , you will find great need for employees in service and tourist sector . 
  yes , they are trying to encourage more kids , but it 's just not working out . 
  ( basically this : what pension fund is designed for and what it looks like . 
  http://flatrock.org.nz/static/frontpage/assets/money_politics_law/pqdweb.jpg ) i like how you are implying both that they are being given privileges by accepting them and giving them social benefits and that they are salves . 
  you are going to have to decide if you think refugees want this or not . 
  also you are saying that jsut to avoid `` paying little more '' they will gladly pay for accepting refugees ? 
  also by `` cynically '' you mean morally and humanly admirable and exemplary ? 
  there is nothing in this thread but xenophobia . 
  people are wealth and greatest resource a country can have . 
  i can assure you that there are plenty of low underclass who work for little money with average or above iq all around the world . 
  especially if we are talking about german little money . 
  i think she knows exactly what she is doing . 
  europe needs young cheap work force . 
  us and china are doing same thing for years . 
  yea germany is more social , but it will be a plus at the end . 
  immigrants will pay for themselves and then some .
