it 's a rare photo when berlusconi is the least evil one . 
  did someone say [ aesthetically displeasing german maps ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cc/map_of_the_holy_roman_empire,_1789_en.png ), 
  honestly , any other time i would have dismissed this headline . 
  it sounds too ridiculous to be real . 
  but * it is * trump , sooooo ... 
  i 'm not sure about from where the ira 's funding came from . 
  but almost all ideologically left-wing terrorist groups in the 70s and 80s were indeed funded directly or indirectly by the soviets . 
  raf , brigate rosse , pflp , grapo , all saw their activity die down after the fall of the communist bloc . 
   the one where people care more about security than freedom of religion . 
  you may think freedom of religion is an abstract concept because you may think that religion is an abstract concept , and that 's a valid belief ; but the freedom part of it is not abstract . 
  it 's what allows you to * not * believe in anything at all . 
  where does it end ? 
  you start banning religions wholesale and what 's next ? 
  free press , and unions , and the right to gather in groups , and certain political parties , etc. ? 
  should we ban the whole because of the actions of a few extremists ? 
  for example , should the west have banned socialists and communists outright , or any organization based on that ideology because of the actions of the red army faction or pflp during the 70s ? 
  and who determines what makes the people safe ? 
  the government ? 
  cause it certainly is n't the people . 
  the us and britain and even canada since 9/11 have shown how much civil liberties can be trampled on for the sake of `` security . '', 
  i 'm not in any way defending radicalism or the inability of european governments to curb the spread of violent islam . 
  i 'm just worried about people stating that this thing or that can be done away with without much thought . 
  and we would 've had those extra 47km too , if it was n't for those meddling ~ ~ kids ~ ~ un members . 
  would that also explain the crazy names ? 
  handshake-gate aside , what was most awkward about the photo op in the oval was that trump does n't even try to engage with merkel , make a comment to her , he does n't even turn his head in her direction once . 
  i know these photo ops are awkward in the best of times , but this one was particularly weird . 
  here 's a minute-long clip : https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/842774087734837249, 
   in what other country can you find as many small parties ? 
  israel , probably . 
  #calcio come at me, 
  tl ; dw : `` suck a dick , turkey . '', 
  very calm in his proclamations , very erudite . 
  got ta get an alliance with poland and hungary , use our galleys to block the strait and carpet siege their balkan holdings . 
  take what we need and then wait for their pretender rebels to start . 
  removing them from nato would be self-defeating . 
  we would be giving russia an ally in the mediterranean and weakening nato 's position fighting against enemies in the middle east . 
  incirlik is the largest nato base used against isis . 
  problem is , then turkey takes all the syrian refugees in turkey ( millions of them ) , including the dangerous extremists within that , and points them towards europe and tells them to begin walking . 
  and then we got ourselves another flood of migrants coming into the eu . 
  erdogan is too proudy gulen is now my best friend, 
  wait , the esteemed political scientists at 4chan were wrong ? 
  i am shocked !, 
  shocked , i tells you !, 
  he 's like trudeau 's less successful , less handsome brother . 
  like they say in sweden , `` inshalah '' ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  so it 's not fake allegations , it 's only misunderstanding of reality * ? 
  got it . 
  \\* also the other trademark move of trump idiots, 
   not sure he 's released a source yet ah , baseless allegations . 
  the trademark move of the trump idiots . 
  ooops . 
  fixed . 
  try selling to european voters that they 'll have to either a ) pay more taxes to fund military buildup ; or b ) have social programs cut so more tax euro goes into military buildup , and see how well that 's received . 
  the reason military buildups in europe do n't happen is because it 's damn hard , after 50 years relying on the united states , to explain it to your electorate when the justification is a ` what-if ' scenario . 
  doubly difficult when the existence of nato makes the counter-argument that `` the americans will protect us '' a cogent one . 
   she coldly responds `` it died when we died ... '' holy shit . 
  good results for vvd and d66 . 
  good voting , netherlands . 
  we do n't . 
  and to think my comment implied that italy sucks at everything is taking it the wrong way . 
  it was a humorous comment , not some grand statement on the state of italian institutions . 
  oh , sorry to the italian reddit police , pardon me from having emigrated abroad as a kid and being a little rusty on my italian . 
  i usually just use it conversations around the family , where we 're not too strict on the spelling . 
  also forgive me for being proud of the country where i 'm from , you cunt . 
  i checked your post history ( which i usually find is a pathetic thing to do , but i made an exception this time ) and this is your only comment , and with a account name like `` kekgodlikepepe '' i 'm not too sure you 're too proudly italian , solo un troll , un porco fascista , un stronzo . 
  also , fuck off , i live in canada , not america . 
  we 're . 
  first ? 
  holy shit , raggazzi , we 're first at something that is not pasta consumption or number of public services that are run the mafia . 
  i 'm proud . 
  are we still thinking he 's going to willingly leave at some point ? 
  dictators ( which he is on the verge of becoming ) do n't just step down . 
  there will be a referendum in 2027 to change the constitution to allow him to stand for another election , and it 'll pass with 90 % of the votes in favour . 
  then there will be another one , then another one . 
  or he just might forego presidential elections altogether . 
  now we 're talking !, 
  make \u00c7anakkale trojan again . 
  so , he is saying `` akp is not so nationalist , i am the true nationalist . 
  they will not get those 18 islands back , i will . '', 
  and then if somehow he got the presidency what would he do ? 
  would he also be a hypocrite or would he actually go through with his claims ? 
  if he does nothing he is as useless as the man who he is calling out , if he does something , he 'll start a war . 
  neither option 's really great , is it ? 
   stalinists in 2017 !? 
  like , i get run-of-the-mill communists , but stalinists ? 
  architecturally i 'm all for it . 
  modern architecture is just meh ... 
  that 's how you get people voting for harambe . 
  and then complaining about the result . 
  surely it would be orangegruppenf\u00fchrer ? 
  it 's cool , you guys can provide [ air support ] ( http://iawildlife.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/3-no-thanks-canada-geese.jpg ), 
  well , that makes it so much better . 
  it 's fine , it 's not as if last time russia and serbia got really chummy anything bad happened ... 
  breaking : the pacific ocean is big . 
  more at 11 . 
  real pizza fuck yeah !!, 
  they have beer , burgers , and boobs on their top bar . 
  we lose . 
  venice best maritime republic !,
