  game of thrones * is * filmed in ragusa , so ... 
  you mean hassels ? 
   russian people are more likely to be pro-usa than pro-iran/dprk , for even putin ca n't sell that shit w/o people scratching their heads . 
  sure , they might not like iran or dprk , but i think you 'd be surprised at the level of dislike for america in russia . 
  the line that us and its nato allies are responsible for russia 's economic woes is very resonant with the russian people , who are struggling the economically because , they see it , the fault of nato . 
  putin 's portrayal of world order resonates with a lot of russians , and i would be surprised if , when he dies , the administration that follows him is allowed to cozy up to the us , a-la yeltsin . 
  russians do n't have very good memories of those days . 
  young people especially , who have no memory of the hardships of the final decade of the soviet union , are some of putin 's biggest supporters , and they buy into his line of , basically , make russia great again , because putin plays into the stuff they do remember , like yeltsin the drunkard being laughed at by the rest of the world ; the turbulent economic situation in the 90s ; nato expansion into eastern europe ; nato interference in the yugoslav wars against serbia ; the creation of kosovo . 
  people do n't scratch their heads when putin blames their struggles on nato , because he is referencing thing that were very much real and can be very easily seen as harmful to russia . 
  the view that has been created in russia of america and nato is one of a global bully who sees russia as a weak and secondary power , and who wanted them to be basically just another country dependent on the us-led liberal democratic free-market world order . 
  what a lot of russians want most is to be considered a world power on par with the us , because from recent memory when they tried to get along , they got humiliated repeatedly . 
   should italy limit itself to only eating pasta and pizza and driving around on little scooters ? 
  i mean , yeah why not ? 
  if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
   every german that looks huge is actually just two or three germans stacked on top of each other . 
  that explains per mertesacker, 
  well , then obviously the cats are gulenist fifth-column deep-state agents trying to influence the nation 's politics . 
  obviously ... 
  people in estonia just out there fucking !, 
  the horn of africa part of that map is wrong . 
  somaliland and eritrea were italian colonies and ethiopia had been conquered by italy in 1936 . 
  the biggest difference between argentina and greece is that argentina had full control of its currency , and greece does n't . 
  so argentina had a level of flexibility that greece does not , chiefly it can not let the value of its currency float to match realities on the ground ; argentina did that , it suffered mightily for a few years , but then began recovering . 
  a large part of that was the debt restructuring in 2002 ( not 2004 ) , which it was able to negotiate unilaterally with the imf and bilaterally with its creditors , greece can not , since it is trapped within the ez . 
  greece and the ez will continue in this feedback loop until either there are radical ( and i mean truly radical ) reforms in how greece manages its internal finances or greece leaves the euro . 
  not even that . 
  this would be the kind of guy who would collaborate with the aliens so he could have a position in the new alien government . 
  a quisling through and through . 
  so you prefer someone wearing a nike jacket ( a direct product of indentured labour ) instead of a small cross pendant or a kippah ? 
  the former has no positive value to the world , while the others are symbols of what is to many sources of moral behaviour . 
  they 're mauling kids , ripping people 's arms off , and some , i assume , are good bears . 
  maginot line ai n't nothing to fuck with . 
  millions of people have been baptized and do n't follow the religion . 
  just because some guy in a frock poured some water on your forehead when you were a few weeks old does n't mean you 're suddenly a bible-thumper . 
  the actual act of baptism is irrelevant to the actual education ( or indoctrination , whichever you want to call it ) of the child into the religion . 
   the italian plague of 1629 -- 31 ravaged northern and central italy . 
  this epidemic , often referred to as the great plague of milan , claimed possibly one million lives , or about 25 % of the population . 
   population before and after the plague , selected cities :  city | population in 1630 | deaths by 1631 | percentage of population lost -- | -- | -- | -- verona | 54,000 | 33,000 | 61 % milan | 130,000 | 60,000 | 46 % venice | 140,000 | 46,000 | 33 % florence | 76,000 | 9,000 | 12 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1629%e2%80%9331_italian_plague https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/peste#la_peste_del_nord_italia_del_1630, 
  the dark ages , but now with nukes !, 
  `` these immigrants come here and take all our jobs , contribute nothing to society , only leech off us taxpayers . 
  i would know since i spend a lot of time on the internet cause i 'm unemployed . '', 
  this raises the question again of whether or not there should be any mention of what the monument park is there for . 
  if a person is visiting berlin and does n't take a tour or has any prior knowledge of the meaning of the place , they have zero way of knowing it is a holocaust memorial , there are no plaques , or symbols , or writing anywhere . 
  it is a very powerful monument when one knows what it represents , but for anyone who does n't , it 's simply a cool architectural space . 
  love how at the end you had to add '' / s '' just in case . 
  only if we can claim aliz\u00e9e . 
  feels , not reals . 
  third : two-rounds of voting . 
  the second after all the votes are counted , and le pen makes it into the second round is the second the french left and the ( non-fascist ) right shake hands and decide to vote for whichever one of their candidates remaining so they do n't elect marine le trump into the elys\u00e9e . 
  sure , it was never ukrainian except for those 60 years when it totally was ... 
  do n't forget the little green men . 
  because a nation-state without international recognition is not a state , and it does n't have international support for a whole host of things . 
  so they can go at it alone , but they are usually unable to join any of the benefits of being part of the international community . 
  : transnistria , abkhazia , somaliland , and northern cyprus . 
  i think the first problem is people getting their news through facebook . 
  also , do n't forget that to some brits , some of our more darker skinned southern european brethren might as well be arabs . 
  wooooo technocrats !, 
  almost every country 's politicians are on the most part from the middle - to upper-class . 
  it 's up to the people to choose the ones that best speak to them . 
  if the politicians are seen to be ineffective by the majority of the population , it is up to them to change them . 
  they never will because the apparatus to pass those reforms - the legislative - is broken as hell , which this referendum ( albeit imperfectly ) sought to change . 
  now italy 's stuck with the same system , a broken government until the next elections , and if m5s does get in power they will hit the same wall and likely fail just as much , especially given their outsider status and how entrenched politicians are on a national level . 
  and on we go , in a vicious circle . 
  he 's not . 
  he promised a bunch of lefty stuff to get elected and is already going back on a bunch of them and back to the traditional liberal party positions of sticking mostly in the centre without committing too much to the right or left in fear of pissing people off and in the process pissing everyone off . 
  i live in canada and a ton of people who voted for him are already pissed of at him for his decisions on the pipelines , on tpp , and on electoral reform . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  cnn probably already has the headlines ready to go : `` russia invades western ukraine . 
  nato to respond . '', 
   how do the two houses differ from each other currently ? 
  not at all , basically . 
  that 's the problem . 
  both houses have the same power , so laws gets stuck between them , bouncing back and forth for years on end . 
  renzi proposes that the upper house ( the senate ) becomes smaller , less powerful , and more tied to the regions by having its members come from regional councilors based on population ( e.g. 
  : lombardy gets 14 senators , friuli gets 2 ) . 
  there 's also the proposal that the winning party would always get a majority in the lower house ( chamber of deputies ) in order to facilitate the passing of laws . 
  some say this is potentially tyrannical . 
  one thing you have to keep in mind is that politics in italy is a constant fear of another authoritarian figure like mussolini , and so politics since 1945 have always been structured to give the government as limited power as possible . 
  problem is that it makes passing laws exceedingly difficult and causes the country to stagnate . 
  italy has been on a holding pattern for most of the 20th and now the 21st century simply because of that , all built on a fear that giving too much power to a single individual or party would lead to another dictator . 
  there 's some more proposals , you can read about all of them here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_constitutional_referendum,_2016#details_of_the_proposed_reform.5b9.5d, 
  looking at us now . 
  do n't fuck up , italy . 
  ^ ^ ^ we 're ^ ^ ^ gon na ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ up ... 
  denmark what is you doing ? 
  i never would 've thought !, 
  scouts say he 's a deadly shooter on the court . 
  ah , the rudy giuliani of the uk . 
  you got downvoted but you 're right , polls in the states are really bad at factoring in the ec . 
  most polls that were taken were done so at a national level and just showed `` how many people would vote for h , and how many for d '' . 
  in that sense , and using only that criteria ( how many americans will vote for each ) , the polls were , in a way , correct . 
  the more accurate predictors , like 538 , took state polls and pieced them together and weighed the ec values , and then came up with their predictions that trump had a roughly 1-in-4 chance of winning . 
  more like filthy visigoths . 
  the idea that backpackers spend no money is simply not true . 
  they do , but they spend in small businesses like small restaurants , little shops , etc. 
  what makes up for the fact that they spend less money than the comfortably rich is that there are a lot of backpackers in comparison to richer tourists . 
  another thing to keep in mind is that if a city lost backpackers a lot of smaller business would lose a lot of customers . 
  like i said above , richer tourists stick to richer areas of town , while backpackers are more egalitarian and seek out cheaper options to fit their budgets . 
  i 've backpacked a lot and have lived in cities where backpackers are a staple during the summer . 
  to say that they `` leech '' off of the city is wrong .
