[ ah , belgians and their homes . . ] ( http://uglybelgianhouses.tumblr.com/ ), 
  let 's call the continent groningen too while we 're at it . 
  `` groninger union '' sounds much better !, 
  i 'm a traditionalist , i prefer to hop along with some norwegian and danish chaps and go woman-hunting along the atlantic and the mediterranean . 
  groningen the city in groningen the province in groningen the country . 
  creativity and originality have never been your strong points . 
  ckii ? 
  no , that 's out of [ real life ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisian_kingdom ) . 
  we round up our german and danish cousins and get on with some good ol' fashioned raiding . 
  you 'll never work it out , so i propose we take the neutral road and go with it fryske ryk . 
  they already tried that once and now they 're stuck being governed by evil brusselian eurocrats . 
  i think the british solution would be to give flanders to france , wallonia to the netherlands , let germany anschluss luxembourg and to wait until wwiii breaks out . 
  why would we even want to stop the banter ? 
  it 's as hilarious as your government and your roads , ya beer-drinking silly-speaking fleming . 
  according to the ef epi , the average english proficiency in china is almost exactly the same as in france . 
  which is to say , rather unimpressive . 
  chinese is hardly what anyone could consider a ` useless ' language though , mandarin chinese is spoken by over a billion people and even in europe the ability to speak it is becoming increasingly more valuable as they continue to grow as an economic world power . 
   i do n't know anyone whose gpa did n't tank after returning from erasmus ` sup . 
  not by actual hard work though , my home university just required much harder work for good grades than the university i did my exchange at . 
   how would a relationship work when their proficiency in a common language ( english ) is not that good ? 
  what do you think people are going on an erasmus exchange for ? 
  yes ; because the dutch need fair competition during the ice skating competitions . 
  we need people like you in / r/cirkeltrek . 
  when we say our country is flat , we mean it is * flat * . 
  yep , i know . 
  i was just saying that as long as someone is willing to recruit dutch speakers and get an efficient mod team , i really do n't care if they are dutch themselves . 
  by doing your job as top moderator well and recruiting a reliable dutch-speaking moderator to deal with that for you . 
  top moderators are ideally managers of an efficient mod team and a good top mod should n't even have to deal with spam or insults . 
  i honestly do n't care if the top mod is n't dutch or even cares about the netherlands , as long as he does his job as a top moderator well . 
  not the case here . 
  do n't blame yourself , a mod should be able to handle criticism without having a complete meltdown and punishing the entire community because a few people were critical of his actions . 
  he can ban the people he does n't like . 
  instead he blocked the entire subreddit . 
  what ? 
  yeah , i could see wanting to keep things professional and strict and then he just had a complete meltdown . 
  well , / r/europe is not exactly an accurate representation of european affairs . 
  while you need people to answer questions , i 've set my diabolical plan in motion by asking a question instead . 
  * twirls mustache *, 
  you might have lost the war , but atleast you won the christmas football !, 
  there 's a swede out there who still fondly remembers the day he convinced an american tourist to light the g\u00e4vle goat on fire . 
  i read the entire google translated article thinking it would be from a french article only to realise afterwards that it was translated from dutch because of the word `` kutkind '' in the sidebar . 
  shit, 
  i personally do n't mind if foreign people use the name holland . 
  however if you 're dutch or belgian , i will think you 're a bit of an ignorant tosspot . 
  unless we 're talking soccer of course , because in soccer we 're all ignorant tosspots and we 're glad of it . 
   well my english ish not dat bad !, 
  i am frum de netterlandsh . 
  we once did fight the franks . 
  [ it did not end well . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irminsul#royal_frankish_annals ), 
  i dunno man , i think the franks would give the saxons a run for their money in that respect . 
  the only ostfriesischer place i 've been to is leer and i did n't hear anything besides german around me . 
  did n't try to speak frisian cause i figured why bother . 
  by the way , are n't the german and danish frisian dialects unintelligible to dutch frisian ? 
  i 've never heard it actually . . 
  that 's not a nice thing to say about alabamans . 
  groot vorst is obviously compensating for something . 
  i lose the frisian accent and put on my strongest hollandic accent whenever i 'm in belgium for the exact same reason . 
  i feel so safe thanks to the constant vigilance of our lesbians . 
  yeah , i would prefer that over the current situation . 
  either go full-on european federalisation , or going back to simpler economic trade unions . 
  not this awkward position full of small bureaucratic games to appease the self-interests of twenty different nations . 
  exactly , the way for the euro to work at its best would basically be increased european integration ; leading to more european control over economic policy and less fiscal diversity . 
  so it * is * possible . . but wether this is managable or desirable in the near future is debatable . 
   how can these be reconciled within the single currency ? 
  the usa has been using their dollar for over two centuries and it seems to be doing quite alright , and there are massive difference between local economies within the usa as well . 
  of course , that does come with political federalisation , a shared economical policy between different regions , and a cultural acceptance of the fact that some regions will have to pay for other regions . 
  which the euro is definitely missing . 
  jaywalking is a heinous crime against human decency and should be punishable by death through surstr\u00f6mmung . 
  and so begins the descent of your society into complete chaos . 
  before you know it , norwegians will start jaywalking and buying their butter from denmark . 
  either way it 's pretty clearly wrong . 
  then again it 's only dutchnews.nl , which is not exactly the prime of journalism . 
  their main goal is to deliver accessible and bite-size news from the netherlands to expatriates who do n't speak the language . 
  lucky for you guys that you do n't have any oil to liberate . 
  life is meaningless , nothing we can do about it now is time for vodka, 
  surprise itgietoan, 
  did you forget about the one that claimed all of britain was scotland ? 
  feels like home , but colder . 
  see , i agree completely with you , the eu could and should be used to obtain a more powerful position to solve those problems !, 
  however , the problem is that there are almost no eu governments which are interested in solving these problems . 
  most of them do not wish to address the real problems in the financial industry because of lobbying , are fine with nsa spying since they 've been doing it themselves too , and in general are content with their usa ally being the global powerhouse . 
  how is the eu supposed to provide a more powerful position for eu governments to solve problems when these eu governments are not interested in solving these problems ? 
   i do not like the overly passive approach with regard to the financial industry , and events have leeched trust from me . 
  are either of those things different for our own government though . . ? 
  i would really like switzerland to decide on the basic income . 
  an incredibly stable nation like that would prove the perfect example for wether the basic income idea will have potential or not . 
  if it does not work in switzerland , i honestly do n't see it working in many other countries . 
  but if it does , it might be a very good incentive for other countries to adopt a similar policy . . potentially leading us into a new , futuristic era . 
   our intuition tells us that the circumcision of baby boys is probably okay , at worst harmless and culturally very important to some religions , while the excision practised on baby girls in some cultures certainly is not okay . 
  oh that 's alright then, 
  ] ( http://calmingmanatee.com/img/manatee1.jpg ), 
  just so you know , you 're argueing with someone who subscribes to / r/theredpill . 
  it does go a bit against the grain of what you 're saying in your last paragraph . . but i honestly do not think there is a lot of hope for someone who reads / r/theredpill and thinks they 're making a valid point about how men and women should interact . 
  ca n't say i 'm too surprised !, 
  when i was in spain a few weeks ago , i saw shitloads of ads for english language courses . 
  hopefully it 'll strengthen their international position in the market !, 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  do you think the recent trend where the english are seen as the most eurosceptic people is in response to this immigration impulse ? 
  is the negative sentiment in britain only aimed towards the roma , or are ethnic poles and hungarians looked down on as well ?
