  there 's a fair amount of polish immigration to the netherlands here , but besides a bit of * deys took our jerbs * , people generally think of them as down-to-earth hard-working folk , not too different from ourselves if a bit simple . 
  yeah , that was always my biggest annoyance with quidditch in the books . 
  it was basically seeker vs. seeker unless one team was * horribly * bad compared to the rest of the team . 
   three chasers score goals worth 10 points each with a volleyball called the quaffle [ ... ] the snitch is worth 30 points and its capture ends the game . 
  how is harry going to save the match by an unexpected plot twist with a measly 30 points ? 
  seriously though , a 150 point snitch rule would 've been ridiculous . 
  buy finnish bread , because your children are weak and unworthy . 
  i could probably count the job opportunities in greater friesland for my field of expertise on one hand . 
  and all of them would be in groningen city . 
   although there are a handful of actual seperatists but big deal i 've actually thought about this and i 'm fairly sure that if friesland ever secedes , i 'll stick with my dutch nationality . . 
  i take it for granted that all the hollanders i work with accept my inherent superiority to them , but i try not to be an asshole about it , you know ? 
  common courtesy . 
  dialect continuums are definitely easier to work with than politicised languages , as being frisian i also live quite close to the point where dutch flows over into low german , and i would be seriously hard-pressed to find the point where there is a distinct seperation between the two languages . 
  this is also how frisian has shown itself to be an actual different language as it is not part of this dialect continuum . 
  even if they 're in a similar situation as dutch and low german , for the sake of intelligibility and for practical every day use in different nations , the scandinavian languages are quite distinct . 
  for linguistic analysis , there is not a big difference between a dialect and a language anyway . 
  so it 's better to refer to it as three languages and get on with our day in this case . 
  the only thing i would argue is that getting a standardised scandinavian spelling system would benefit you all . . but since norway ca n't even make up its mind about its own spelling i do n't see it happening . 
  smoking is deadly smoke is dealyk roken is dodelijk rauchen is t\u00f6glich, 
  one day the finns and the serbs will form an alliance . 
  that day shall be written in fire and blood . 
   yeah , those might not really realistically be three different languages . . 
  yes , so unlike the highly diverse and varied scandinavian languages . 
  the serbs are my favourite group of homicidal psychopaths in the entirety of history . 
  i 've seen french people speaking basque rather than spanish over the border in pays-basque , which is admittedly quite impressive in it 's own right . 
  i also know many ligurian italians are rather peeved that the french always ( correctly ) assume they speak french . 
  i figured it would be the same down the rest of the borders but i would be glad to be proven wrong !, 
   it is not for me to decide what other people want to do . 
  what ? 
  how did you go from `` you could be a motivational role model to people around you ! '', 
  to `` you should decide what the people around you should do '' ? 
   people have other preoccupations than learning english , like finding work etc. 
  even while they 're in school ? 
   why the fuck do you even care that people on the spanish border speak spanish or not ? 
  because you claimed that the french do not kowtow to the anglo world , and i was making the arguement that the french do not learn languages in general . 
  in case you forgot , we were having a discussion . 
   speaking a foreign language does n't make you a better person you know . 
  it 's just a skill . 
  some people prefer learning other skills . 
  that does n't make them idiots . 
  i never claimed any of that . 
  i 've only claimed that some french people refuse to learn other languages because of a haughty attitude about their own language . 
  why you assume i 'm calling them bad people or idiots is beyond me . 
   all the counties north of france have shit food and shit food culture . 
  that 's their problem and i do n't give a shit . 
  do they have an attitude problem because they only eat potatos and boiled meat ? 
  northern european cuisine in general is nothing fancy compared to the french cuisine . 
  but in case you have n't noticed , many northern european countries have adopted the french cuisine , and many others , in their restaurants and kitchens . 
  so no , that is not an attitude problem , as we have no problems eating food from other cultures , and most restaurants here actively try to advertise that they 're cooking from different cultures . 
  i would kindly ask you take a deep breath and ask yourself if you 're actually willing to engage in a meaningful conversation and possibly change my or your own mind , or if you want to continue angrily yelling at someone over the internet . 
  i think you 're confusing friesland with the dutch bible belt . . 
  except for the bit about cows . 
  god damn do we have a lot of cows . 
  i 'm definitely not argueing that french is anything but a culturally rich language !, 
  but i do n't see how that 's an excuse not to learn any other language . 
  also if we 're going to speak the most culturally rich language , we better get busy speaking latin again . 
  in fact , i 'd say that you can not fully appreciate your own language without knowing any other . 
  as i 've learned other languages like english , french and swedish , my appreciation for dutch and frisian has improved as well . 
   if i 'm french and writing in english , does 'n that mean i speak another language ? 
  then why defend the refusal of some of your countrymen to refuse to learn and use another language properly ? 
  you could be an excellent example to the people around you and should motivate them instead of enabling it . 
   regardless , it pisses me off when we seemingly have an `` attitude problem '' because we refuse to kowtow to the anglo-saxon world . 
  it 's not just english , just go to the border regions with spain and italy and see how many people have picked up those languages . 
  and the dutch and german language borders are even worse . 
   how many native english speakers speak another language ? 
  very few . 
   do they have an attitude rpoblem as well ? 
  yes , even moreso than the french . 
  just because they 're even worse does n't mean you ca n't have an attitude problem yourself . 
  have you ever entertained the notion of learning another language while still being proud of your own ? 
  or that you can preserve your language while also capable of speaking others ? 
   a defense mechanism for the fact that we suck at foreign languages . 
  it could very well be that , but i 've definitely experienced very haughty attitudes towards other foreign languages . 
  i 've heard people defend the low level of english in france because of `` the rich history in literature '' , `` higher complexity of the language '' , and the `` deeper poetic value '' of french . 
  mind you , those are not my words . . 
  i 'm sure that you and many of the people you associate with are absolutely not like this , and in fact most french people are n't . 
  but there is a definite subsection of your population , especially in the older generations , that does entertain such ideas . 
  and coming from a culture that highly prizes polyglotism , the echoes of these ideas are quite noticable to me . 
   france has historically imposed french not out of the idea that it 's on a higher cultural level , but for the sake of efficiency in communication . 
  i 'm not sure what your position is from your paragraph . 
  in all fairness i 'm dating a basque so i might have been exposed to a bit of a bias when it comes to that . 
  :p edit : [ this guy ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1q0j2g/english_proficiency_index_of_europe_3rd_edition/cd7ybvu ) is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  just a tip : if you 're argueing against the stereotype that the french are prideful assholes , it helps not to act like a prideful asshole ... 
  this is my completely anecdotal experience , so take that as you will . 
  i 'm quite the francophile with a french so , many french friends , and considerable time spent living in france with french people . 
  especially among the older generations there is a feeling that the french language is on some sort of higher cultural level than other languages and that it should be protected from corrupting influences . 
  this idea is also deeply rooted in the government which has historically done it 's very best to stamp out any other language but french in france , effectively removing most minority languages from the country . 
  even in modern times , institutions have imposed obligatory classes in french for university courses and the level of languages taught at schools is on a very low level on average . 
  that does n't mean that all french people are arrogant about their language . 
  i 've met many french people who would love to speak better english and never got the opportunity , many french people who are shy to speak english because they never got taught decent english , and many french people ashamed of the few people in france speaking english . 
  but it is a systemic problem , and one that is n't helped by the pride many other french people take in their language . 
  the glorious frisian influence on the netherlands of course ~ ~ ` murica ~ ~ frysl\u00c2n !, 
  i think you make the defining point here . 
  sometimes it 's all too easy for us who live in western europe to forget how little freedom the people in eastern europe had only a few decades ago , and that you are still in the process of breaking free of this . 
  my counterpoint ( gosh darn it do i like to play the devil 's advocate ) would be that before edward snowden released these documents , people did n't even know their privacy was breached . 
  and that we would have just gone on like we do now , spouting our secrets and privacy all over the internet behind an `` anonymous '' face , not knowing that our privacy was compromised and never facing the consequences . 
  but of course , that 's the entire point about this big reveal . 
  we know it now . 
  the gig is up . 
  and even if we did n't - the fact that our governments have the power to completely censor us if they stopped being secretive about it and started actually using this information against us ... truly is a dreadful thought .
