  very interesting and inspiring talk . 
  however , i have one question concerning his arguementation . 
  two very important points of him are the following : * we currently have little to no privacy from the us spying agencies * without freedom of speech or opinion , there can be no effective democracy . 
  these are very agreeable positions to take . 
  however , he ties the two points together by stating : * without privacy , there can be no freedom of expression or opinion and i 'm not sure if i completely follow that line of thinking . 
  will the lack of privacy on the internet make people any less outspoken than they were before the existence of the internet in the first place ? 
  and if governments are not acting on any opinions or expressions unless they are pertaining to wildly illegal acts , is the freedom of expression truly limited ? 
  could it not even be argued that this knowledge of this breach of privacy has made people less outspoken on the internet ? 
  note that i 'm not disagreeing with him , i just think his arguementation could be improved on this particular point . 
  just wondering , do you consider yourself a eurosceptic because you are against the ideal of a more united europe by definition , or because you are critical of the current form and practice of the eu ? 
   i 'll be amazed if anything usefull comes from this investigation . 
  from what i 've seen from people , all this debate has just made the actual racists even more convinced of their ideas because this stuff really pissed them off . 
  in america , that great melting pot of a country , the sinterklaas celebration was combined with the christmas celebration to create the santa claus figure . 
  but in the netherlands , the sinterklaas tradition has absolutely nothing to do with christmas , and we celebrate christmas and sinterklaas as two distinct events . 
  do you consider st. lucia to be a christmas celebration ? 
  and i would argue that a city can be dynamic while not losing it 's older appeal ; look at how amsterdam and copenhagen have embraced cycling and are in fact current models for american city development . 
  i 'm sure we can argue about this for days on end , but i 'm just trying to make you understand that all these arguements are completely subjective and not any more right or wrong than those of anyone else !, 
  you strongheaded finns sure know how to bite into a topic and not let go . 
  damn you and your sisu !, 
  to me , a true city needs to be dense and close . 
  it should show itself as it was while during it 's golden age , when it was a thriving hub of chaotic growth . 
  it should not heed modern infrastructure because it 's practical , or need unnecessary monuments to impress a populace . 
  and that 's my point ; your taste is very different from mine . 
  while you might feel that budapest is how a city should be like , it is far from the end all be all . 
  and neither are my thoughts on how a city should be like . 
  beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
  these are all cities as i have described , where people live and work . 
  i enjoy cozy , meandering cities like this . 
  i do n't enjoy cities such as budapest , paris , or barcelona . 
  i did n't like budapest too much either . 
  i personally like cities to have meandering alleyways , with small rivers or canals , and simple architectural styles ; they feel cozy and genuine to me . 
  budapest , with it 's broad , straight streets , neo-renaissance and modernist architecture and the huge danube river combined with it 's relatively poor maintenance just feels hopelessly spacious and pretentious to me . 
  there 's no arguing about taste . 
  the same goes for marketing something as french in europe though . 
  the amount of restaurants , coffeebars , or fashionable shops trying to appear french in europe is ridiculous , especially since the majority have glaring spelling mistakes !, 
  and if it 's your birthday , you bring the treats . 
  `` the people living in what is currently known as england '' just does n't roll of the tongue though , does it ? 
  that , and a high amount of `` oh , those foreign people do n't know any better anyway '' as well as `` i better show how friendly dutch people are ! '', 
  dating a foreign girl has taught me that dutch people are awful to other dutch people , but very friendly to foreigners . 
   politically neutral party without making any statements about the validity of their claims ; one of the main positions on their political agenda is departure of france from the eu . 
  that makes them the exact opposite of being a politically neutral party when it comes to analysing the eu by definition . 
  well , it 's clear what you should do at this point . 
  bang your driving license examinator . 
  i wish i could say it 's going any better over here . 
  i 'm not sure you can even call it a proper night out if you get up the next day and can legally drive a car . 
  did you know that swedish supermarkets ca n't sell anything over 3 % alcohol ? 
  got ta get your ass to the state-controlled liquor store . 
  which closes at 3pm on saturdays . 
  the times i 've spent trying desperately to get buzzed off 3 % beers still haunt me in my sleep . 
  man , you do n't want to know . 
  when i lived in sweden , at most bars you 'd have to pay more for heineken than for regular beers , which were already ~ $ 6 per glass . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  heineken was the choice for the more picky customer with money to spend . 
  try to wrap your head around that . 
  remember those good old times we had in britain ? 
  it 's been too long since we 've established any saxon kingdoms or imposed the danelaw there . 
  c'mon denmark why you got ta be this way, 
  sweet popcorn is a travesty . 
  i have very few principles and they are completely trivial but i stand by them . 
  that 's very interesting , thanks !, 
  i would have expected german culture to be the grand winner , based on the language similarities and our shared history . 
  was there any explanation as to these numbers ? 
  all i can think of is that the colonialist past of the dutch , french and british has shaped them in similar ways . 
  from what i 've understood from my french basque so , the basque language is still fairly common as a second language in the smaller villages and towns , spoken among families and friends , and taught in schools . 
  is that your impression of the situation too ? 
  because that would be similar to the situation of frisian . 
  so including these languages on this map might not necessarily mean that it 's the primary language spoken in these regions , but that the language is atleast preserved and alive there . 
  including breton seems a bit of a stretch even under this definition though . 
  i 'd expect nothing less from our favourite eastern neighbour country . 
  zwolle , so i 'd blame the bible belters instead . 
  many people have ` latent ' allergies , which means that while they do n't show allergic symptoms they do have antibodies against the particular allergen in their blood and are thus susceptible to developing the allergy given the correct environmental trigger . 
  it 's possible that the sudden increase in air pollution caused your lungs to become mildly inflamed , activating the allergenic cells and compounds in your body to give you your first case of hayfever . 
  dutch here , it just started raining again , now i 'm sad . 
  no no , we and our french friends always crash belgium 's football matches wearing germany 's flag . 
  it 's a real hoot . 
  tell that to the luxemburgers , they used this reasoning to secede !, 
   with the death of william iii , prince of orange , the legitimate male line of william the silent ( the second house of orange ) became extinct . 
  i figured that denying the eastern european heritage of americans and claims about direct descent from 6th century anglo-saxons would be too ridiculous to be taken serious by anyone . 
  but well , it 's always hard to tell satire from general ignorance on the internet , that 's true . 
  you 're actually completely correct about me being obsessed about genetics , though . 
  then again , it 's kind of expected of me as a researcher in microbiological genetics . 
  you do realise that i was being sarcastic . . right ? 
  i 'm also not completely sure what `` you people '' you 're referring to . 
  no , it must be because nobody in the us is of eastern european descent . 
  every us white can directly trace their heritage to the 6th century anglo-saxons invading britain . 
  i made the same mistake , but in reverse . 
  i was trying to get back to this small little village somewhere in friesland from the small city groningen and somehow ended up at the rotterdam/the hague airport . 
  in my hungover state , i was extremely confused until an very amused train driver got me on the right train back to the north . 
  mates still laugh about it . 
  i 'd like to believe the mods added gelderland flair just for you . 
  haha yeah , i wondered if someone was gon na pick up on that . 
   i would pick the flag of my province hello, 
   i think continental unification can offer a lot to the people of europe whilst still allowing for cultural preservation . 
  this best summarises my feelings about the eu . 
  i might not agree with it 's current form or policies , but i do feel idealistic about a unified europe . 
  '' * the whole of earth , is my motherland . 
  i am a citizen of the world , known to all and to all a stranger . 
  well , danish and frisian are supposed to be quite related . 
  you buggers even stole our little ~ ~ hearts ~ ~ ** leaves ** for your coats of arms !, 
  * stor * would be cool/tough , while * steur * would be a sturgeon .
