  i 'm not a historian so i ca n't really speak with a lot of credibility about the reasons for england becoming anglo-saxon while france did n't become frankish . 
  but if i had to speculate , i 'd say it 's because gaul had become thoroughly integrated in the roman empire , so when gaul was conquered by the franks it was relatively easy for the franks to simply settle the existing power structures , which functioned through the gallo-roman culture . 
  this was possibly facilitated even more because some of the frankish tribes came from the parts of germania which were conquered by the roman empire , so the franks may have already been somewhat accustomed to the latin language and the romance culture . 
  in contrast , britannia was more on the periphery of the roman empire and had been abandoned by the romans well before gaul . 
  the roman power structures there might have withered with much of the country falling back into tribal society . 
  the anglo-saxon tribes , which had also never been subject to the roman empire , did n't so much conquer tribal england as they simply settled there in a similar way as the earlier germanic tribes expanded from their homeland into the rest of germania . 
  archeological evidence is showing more and more that england was n't violently conquered , but that the integration of the romano-britons with the anglo-saxons might have been a relatively peaceful affair . 
  and how about the gallo-roman poet sidonius who was apparently disgusted by the practice of the burgundians of using rancid butter to style their hair :  why ... do you , catullinus , bid me compose a song dedicated to venus ... placed as i am among the long-haired hordes , having to endure germanic speech , praising often with a wry face the song of the gluttonous burgundian who spreads rancid butter on his hair ? 
  ... you do n't have a reek of garlic and foul onions discharged upon you at early morn from ten breakfasts , and you are not invaded before dawn ... by a crowd of giants . 
  the `` homeland '' of the earliest germanic tribes is indeed located around [ southern scandinavia and the north german plains ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/pre-roman_iron_age_%28map%29.png ) . 
  however , the germanic tribes had spread quite far beyond this homeland into the rest of germany , the low countries , and scandinavia , even to parts of eastern europe . 
  this gradual expansion of the germanic homeland happened in a very different way from the expansion that happened in the migration period , which is when they conquered and settled countries like england , france and iberia in a very short amount of time . 
  saying that germany succumbed to germanic languages is kind of funny , after all that 's where a lot of them came from !, 
  england is actually one of the few examples i can think of . 
  almost all of europe has at one point or another been conquered and settled by germanic tribes . 
  visigoths in iberia , lombards in italy , east-germanic tribes all over eastern europe , saxon and scandinavian rule over the baltic countries . . hell , the vandals conquered what is modern-day tunisia !, 
  thing is that the germanics were also very quick to adopt the local language , religion and culture . 
  only in a few cases did they force their own culture upon the conquered lands . 
  yep , we 'd say tsjerke and tsiis for church and cheese . 
  for children we say berne though , which is closer to the scandinavian languages and some english/scots dialects . 
  yes , especially since most of what we know was only written down by christians many centuries after the conversion . . 
  it 's interesting to read about the neo-pagan attempts to restore the religion , so little is certain or properly understood . 
  you 're right , apparently the west-germanics only attest frigg , while the north-germanics attest both frigg and freyja . 
  interesting !, 
  frigg is the anglo-saxon equivalent of freyja . 
  while the angles and jutes lived in regions that are now part of denmark , these tribes were west-germanic and the regions only turned north-germanic after the period of the v\u00f6lkerwanderung . 
  so it 's not really historically correct to speak of a mixing of norse and saxon mythology to form the anglo-saxon mythology ; the angles and saxons ( as well as the jutes and frisians ) were closely related tribes who practiced their own , mostly west-germanic , version of the germanic pagan faith . 
  although undoubtedly there was some influence from their close proximity to the north-germanic tribes !, 
  friesland is n't really incorrect , but we use both * sneon * and * saterdei * , the latter obviously being cognate to english * saturday * and dutch * zaterdag *, 
  we use * sneon * here in friesland , do we get a guest pass ? 
   one of them has to derive from the other . 
  not necessarily . 
  both the anglo-saxons and the norse were related germanic peoples , and both also practiced germanic paganism . 
  this was n't an organized or codified religion in any way , it was a tribal religion that was passed down as an oral tradition from the early proto-germanic tribes . 
  the mythology , rituals and interpretation associated with this religion thus likely differed quite a lot depending on the time , place , and tribe . 
  it 's not a case that the religion came from the goths to the norse to the anglo-saxons or some such way , all these peoples had their own version of this religion that was passed down to them from the early proto-germanic tribes . 
  the version we know best is the norse one , since these people were the last to lose their pagan religion to christianity . 
  even this known version was however passed on to us by christians , who wrote down the oral mythology of their ancestors several centuries after the religion was n't official anymore , so even then we are left with the question to what extent it accurately reflects the actual pagan religion as it was practiced in the early middle ages . . and yes , while the jutes and angles were anglo-saxon tribes which came from southern scandinavia , these tribes were also indisputably west-germanics of the ingvaeonic branch . 
  let 's face it , the only ones who * are n't * the descendants of steppe hordes are the basques . 
  stay inside and stay safe bro, 
  there was definitely shooting from the french police , it 's as of yet unclear if any shots came from whoever was driving the truck . 
   and when you gaze long into a void , the void also looks into you . 
  [ when people started calling us the orange void ] ( http://imgur.com/pac4x2e ), 
  [ when the romans have left the celtic lands undefended ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ivpjiii.png ), 
  the land that the ancient frisii lived in was left largely uninhabited for a century or two until it was repopulated during the anglo-saxon migrations though . 
  as milk is to cheese , english is to fries, 
  well , yeah . 
  but now imagine how he 'll get when it actually becomes reality . 
  a lot of people believe that people should ideally vote for the party that truly represents them and their interests , especially since we have a proportional system with an effective party threshold of only 0.67 % . 
  there is a very real chance that wilders will become the largest party in parliament , which would definitely be a victory for him . 
  at the very least he would be able to spend the following years constantly complaining about how the ruling coalition does n't represent the people . 
  wilders has gotten a lot of international recognition and attention for a long time now , so it 's not really ` new ' and i doubt it has had a large effect on dutch voters . 
  as far as there is an influence , it could just as well be argued that it 'd motivate people to get up and vote against him . 
  it 's the first major election in a western country since trump was elected president . 
  even if wilders is all but exempt from getting in government , an overwhelming victory or loss for him would be indicative of which direction the political winds are blowing right now -- were brexit and trump only the beginnings of a ` patriotic spring ' , or will people in other countries wake up the threat of populism ? 
  we 're the canary in the coal mine so to speak . 
  that said , the international media is definitely * way * overplaying the chances of wilders getting any power in the netherlands . 
  i guess it does n't really sell that wilders is likely to grow but still wo n't be in power . 
  neither . 
  76 seats are necessary to form a government . 
  pvv is currently polled at around ~ 20 seats , anything over 30 seats would be an incredible and unexpected win for wilders and would very likely make the pvv the biggest party in parliament . 
  that means he would still need to form a coalition with at least two other parties to form a government . 
  nearly all parties have explicitly ruled out the pvv as a coalition partner , the handful that did n't are not expected to be very large as they are fishing in the same pond as wilders . 
  the chance that wilders will be included in a coalition is very small , even if he turns out to do way better than expected . 
  yeah , they 've very purposefully and pretty successfully tried setting themselves up as the only alternative to pvv . 
  still many people will be voting for parties that are more in line with their ideology , if the polls turn out to be right we 'll have a lot of medium-size parties rather than a few large parties . 
  definitely !, 
  some people try to account for possible coalitions or to prevent another party from becoming the largest . 
  during this election some centre-left people are voting vvd simply so that the pvv wo n't become the largest party , or are voting for parties that are willing to enter a coalition with the vvd . 
  thanks for doing your democratic duty !, 
  the madness of a country where nobody lives or works more than 10 minutes away from a polling station , which are all opened from 07:30 til 21:00 , with usually no lines except during rush hour . 
  everyone who wants to vote has more than enough opportunity to do so . 
  while wilders certainly is far more ideological than trump and has paid dearly and unfairly for the path he has chosen , i do n't think you should discount how much of it is fueled by lust for power . 
  the way he 's set up his party , treats his party members , and uses the political leverage at his disposal ; all of it shows that he 's more interested in attaining power than forging a sustainable political movement that will have a lasting impact on dutch politics . 
  geert wilders is to mark rutte as tom van grieken is to bart de wever . 
  the coalition was headed by the vvd , and despite efforts of the pvda to steer policy towards the centre , it was for all intents and purposes a centre-right coalition . 
  the coalition has been fairly popular among centre-right and centrist voters , but you can imagine that it did n't sit particularly well with the centre-left pvda voters , many of whom have abandoned ship to parties like d66 , gl , sp , and even pvv . 
  you 've provided me with 3 old and irrelevant sources to the discussion , because none of them actually deal with the matter of what words are used most commonly in english . 
  you can keep on quoting them , that does n't make them relevant . 
  at the same time making you 're making declarations that go against pretty much all contemporary linguistics . 
  since you continue to project your own biases and actions with nary the slightest self-awareness , i 'm done with this discussion . 
  the first source is specifically aimed at clarity in business writing -- these were n't randomly selected letters , but business letters , and they did not include most common words from the analysis . 
  it was a specific investigation in prestige writing , not in a real simulation of everyday conversation and text . 
  your second source is , again , based on the contents of a dictionary , * not * on the use of words in texts or conversations . 
  contemporary researchers like paul nation and john algeo have done much more recent studies into word use in actual conversations and found that old english is still predominantly germanic at its core . 
  see ; learning vocabulary in another language and the origins and development of the english language . 
  english is and remains a germanic language . 
  the reason that people are ` hateful ' of the other idea is that it 's , well , simply wrong . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the amount of loanwords english has , but the simple fact is that they do n't constitute the core structure of the language . 
  it has nothing to do with hating or liking romance languages , and i have no idea why you would think that . 
  they are indeed beautiful in their own right , but english is not one of them . 
  fwiw : in your comment , 54 from 151 words ( not counting names ) are french/latin loanwords . 
  in my comment , 58 from 155 words are french/latin loanwords . 
  and both our comments have a much higher number of ` academic ' words than usual conversation does . 
  the data you linked to outright states that it is solely based on vocabulary , including words that are rarely used , and not on word use in text or conversation . 
  in fact , the very first paragraph of the wikipedia page you linked to states the following :  as a statistical rule , around 70 % of words in any text are anglo-saxon . 
  so uh . 
  yeah . 
  english does use predominantly germanic vocabulary . 
  thanks for sourcing it !,
