  this includes the people that are being outraged by this as much as whatever hypothetical religious minority that gets offended at the mention of the word easter . 
  and that they 're not going to change their products because they do n't want to participate in this pc nonsense that you are perpetuating . 
  good on them . 
  [ this is the product we 're talking about ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bq0cbnt.png ) . 
  see where it specifically mentions that they 're chocolate * easter * eggs in the description right under the product name ? 
  and that it mentions specifically that it includes a golden egg since this is their product meant for hide and seek ? 
  [ the hema website has an entire section dedicated to their easter products ] ( http://www.hema.nl/winkel/feest-en-cadeau/pasen/paassnoepgoed ) , a shitload of those has easter right in the product name . 
  and the easter imagery being plastered all the way over the packaging . 
  this has nothing to do with not offending people and is simply the name that hema has given to their chocolate easter eggs products to distinguish between the different sorts they offer , for well over a decade i might add . 
  stop being so oversensitive . 
  you 're as bad as the pc police . 
  no one is pissed off , there 's just some meaningless twitter outrage . 
  it 's also not true and just oversensitive twitter people complaining about society being oversensitive . 
  the product in particular is a special package including a big ` golden ' egg . 
  they 're called `` hiding chocolate eggs '' to distinguish them from their regular `` easter chocolate eggs '' product which is just meant to be eaten . 
  it even says they 're `` easter chocolate eggs to be hidden '' on the packaging under the product name , decorated completely in easter imagery . 
  the people complaining about the pc police are getting to be just as oversensitive . 
  gaze into the abyss and such . 
  we say krich instead of oorlog . 
  we 're quite proud that here in the netherlands we have some incredibly strict policies when it comes to antibiotics use and resistance containment , to the point where some even doubt the cost-effectiveness of these measures . 
  while they might cost a lot of money , they are at least effective , as we have some of the lowest rates of antibiotic resistance in europe as well as the lowest consumption of antibiotics per person . 
  however . . that does n't stop the misuse that happens all over the rest of the world , and bacteria do n't care about whatever arbitrary borders we humans have . 
  microbiologist here . 
  polymyxin , also known as colistin , is one of the last antibiotics we have available that still works against multidrug resistant gram-negative bacteria . 
  colistin is sometimes the last antibiotic that is still effective against gram-negative bacteria that carry other plasmids , such as * klebsiella pneumoniae * with ndm-1 , which can be resistant to pretty much anything else we have . 
  colistin has its own set of problems , including toxicity and high mutation frequencies , but was still an important antibiotic to use when nothing else was left available - there was no known plasmid that could confer resistance to colistin . 
  the discovery of the mcr-1 plasmid in china was very disconcerting . 
  plasmids are able to spread like wildfire , and the fact that there is now a plasmid that confers resistance to colistin means that even our very last antibiotic , only used in emergencies , is not safe anymore . 
  finding out that the plasmid is already present in europe shows exactly how fast plasmids can spread , and how big the problem is we 're facing . 
  we 're approaching a post-antibiotic world , and a lot of people do n't realize how serious that is . 
  a uti caused by the wrong bacterium can kill you . 
  a cold can develop into a lung infection , and if caused by the wrong bacterium , can kill you . 
  a scratch that was improperly disinfected , and became infected by the wrong bacterium . . can kill you . 
  and there 's nothing your physician can do but stand by and hope for the best , because there 's nothing left to do . 
  there 's a few possible treatments being developed against gram-negatives right now ; let 's hope they hurry up . 
  except that this * e. coli * is carrying this antibiotic resistance on a plasmid which is easily passed on to other dangerous pathogens , such as * k. pneumoniae * or * s. enterica * , and chances are very high it 's already happened at this point . 
  as a response to / u/chaetodon : while the ommelanden were n't directly controlled by the groningen city council , they were most certainly in the sphere of influence of the city . 
  there is a reason their name even back when was ` surrounding lands ' , there is no doubt to what they are supposed to be surrounding . 
  a lot has actually been written about how the ommelanden were struggling for centuries to remain free from the influence of the city of groningen , with some even maintaining a strong frisian identity for a long time . . a struggle which was eventually lost . 
  groningen might not have been in direct control of the ommelanden , but it still exerted an immense deal of power over these regions . 
   i do live in flanders . 
  do i think my problems are worse than that of the people in ethiopia ? 
  yes stopped reading here , content with your perception of belgium as the third-world country it really is . 
  after all , few things are as central to french values as the monarchy . 
  my opa smoked his whole life . 
  i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him , ` if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate , you have to stop immediately . ' . 
  tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake . 
  he gave it up immediately . 
  three years later he died of lung cancer . 
  it was really sad and destroyed me . 
  my mother said to me - ` do n't ever smoke . 
  please do n't put your family through what your opa put us through . '', 
  i agreed . 
  at 26 , i have never touched a cigarette . 
  i must say , i feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it , because your moderation gave me cancer anyway . 
  you were modded once for like 5 minutes and that was 15 minutes too long . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong , but i always understood that it was the flemish vote that kept the belgian king on the throne while the walloons wanted to establish a republic ? 
  of course that was back in 1950 , but still . 
  yeah , i was travelling around the c\u00f4te d'azur this summer . 
  monaco , nice , menton - the majority of people in restaurants , stores or just passersby i asked for directions spoke at least some very basic english . 
  crossed the border into italy , cities like ventimiglia , bordighera , and san remo , and i was better off using my broken french instead of english . 
  is correct . 
  no , you need more dairy for that . 
  source : i 'm dutch, 
  we all done goofed sometimes . 
  i quite like that charlemagne himself was such a multicultural character . 
  a bilingual germanic king whose tribe came from the low countries , whose family had been part of the gallo-roman administration for generations , who upheld both salian and roman law , who made important establishments for the vernacular romance or germanic languages , whose tribesmen spoke both early forms of dutch and high german . . a germanic warrior-king who honoured his tribe and ancestors , but equally a gallo-roman statesman who could mingle with the aristocracy . 
  truly the father of western europe . 
  i could almost forgive what he did to the saxons and frisians , 
  charlemagne definitely spoke a west germanic language , as he was noted to be multilingual in both the local romance language and the german vernacular . 
  in the words of einhard , his contemporary biographer :  charles had the gift of ready and fluent speech , and could express whatever he had to say with the utmost clearness . 
  he was not satisfied with command of his native language merely , but gave attention to the study of foreign ones , and in particular was such a master of latin that he could speak it as well as his native tongue ; but he could understand greek better than he could speak it . 
  -  he began a grammar of his native language . 
  he gave the months names in his own tongue , in place of the latin and barbarous names by which they were formerly known among the franks . 
  he likewise designated the winds by twelve appropriate names ; there were hardly more than four distinctive ones in use before . 
  he called january , wintarmanoth ; february , hornung ; march , lentzinmanoth ; april , ostarmanoth ; may , winnemanoth ; june , brachmanoth ; july , heuvimanoth ; august , aranmanoth ; september , witumanoth ; october , windumemanoth ; novemher , herbistmanoth ; december , heilagmanoth . 
  even when only considering the place in which a person was born , assigning charlemagne to belgium is very iffy to say the least . 
  his place of birth was unknown even to contemporaries and we might never get a solid answer , but it might very well have been in modern germany or even france . 
  if they wanted a carolingian , hell , * the * carolingian , who was undisputably born in current-day belgium they could have picked charles martel . 
  you 've got the 8th oldest government in europe at the moment , but many countries are much older than the time they adopted their current constitution . 
  sweden for example existed as a sovereign and defined country centuries before adopting a new section in their constitution in 1974 . 
  we tried a similar approach in ww2 , we flooded the german borders thinking we 'd outswamp the germans . 
  aaaaand then we remembered the luftwaffe . 
  gets you to go outside , daily exercise , connect with your local community . 
  sounds like a wholesome hobby . 
  not talking about your union :p, 
  i was just trying to give a positive spin to it , not sure he 's really all that happy with the increased power of the tories for his own country . 
  :p but i know quite a few hardline leftists here who are quite happy to see the uk gone from the eu and feel that the union now stands a greater chance to be steered/reformed to become more socialist . 
  he did effectively vote to remove a major neoliberal influence from the eu , in the true spirit of an internationalist marxist . 
  and in the view of the revolutionary marxist , by giving the tories an even bigger mandate on uk politics he might have hastened the coming of the revolution !, 
   2 at night so swedish , got ta close the club in time for a kebab , a shag , and still get a decent night 's sleep :p, 
  or the franks and the gallo-romans for that matter - by that time , some of the franks had been living under roman rule for centuries while still retaining their germanic identity quite strongly . 
  these would have been people dressed smartly in roman fashion , able to speak gallo-roman without an accent and as well-educated and literate as any other citizen of the roman empire ... but they 'd have been tall and physically imposing , with light hair and eyes , wearing their hair long and braided , growing mustaches and beards like their tribal brethren , ready to rise up and claim power once the roman empire fell . 
  a fascinating era . 
  if you 're interested in this topic , i 'd highly recommend the hardcore history podcast by dan carlin . 
  start out with his series death throes of the republic , which is about the end of the roman republic and the start of the roman empire , a topic which is interwoven with the many conflicts of the romans with the celts and the germanics . 
  of course the focus is on the romans themselves and their many wars and politics at the time , but that 's a fascinating subject of history by itself and really the first time in history that the germanics are really described . 
  after that series , there is a single stand-alone episode called thor 's angels , which focuses on the different germanic tribes and their conquests during and after the roman empire . 
  the picture i linked was the situation at the end of the bronze age and the start of the pre-roman iron age , around 500 bc . 
  by the end of the pre-roman iron age , the germanics had already settled all of [ magna germania ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0e/imperium_romanum_germania.png ) , and several germanic tribes had even been integrated into the roman empire ( the provinces of germania superior and germania inferior ) .
