  tell that to the west-flemish , 
  frisian and english would be two branches from the anglo-frisian languages , which are part of the west germanic languages . 
  * winks in frisian *, 
  yeah . 
  most ` academic ' words in english have french or latin roots , while the more basic and structural words in english are predominantly germanic . 
  my sentence actually had quite a lot of words from french compared to an everyday conversational sentence . 
  the claim about vocabulary also does n't take into account how often words are actually used in english : the vast majority of the most commonly spoken words in english are germanic in origin . 
  in the sentence i just wrote , 22 out of 32 words were germanic in origin . 
  you called ? 
  whenever i hear my hollandic colleagues pronounce anything in frisian like `` it ken net '' or `` it giet oan '' , well , let 's just say it 's a good thing there are no 2,15 m swords around my workplace, 
  one can only imagine how clusterfucked their politics would get if the german-speaking population would get equally important as the flemish and walloon populations, 
  the world is not yet ready for the glory that is magna frisia, 
  any day now ... redbad aliv in frysl\u00e2n, 
  maybe your futhark is n't that rusty , this is the futhorc variant which was used by the anglo-saxons and frisians  you were pretty close though !, 
  it actually says : [ ekum\u00e6dit ] it comes from an inscription on an 8th century frisian swordhandle which has been interpreted literally as `` i , unmaddened '' , probably a warrior 's boast of confidence . 
  always found it funny cause it sounds just like `` i 'm not even mad bro '' :d, 
  oh yeah , even in the bible belt the vaccination rate is well above 85 % . 
  with the new vaccine skepticism picking up though , who knows how long until the rest of the netherlands is down there as well . . 
  a dictionary definition is n't going to encompass the entirety of a complex political/social movement such as nationalism in one sentence . 
  nationalism , especially in the late 19 ^ th and early 20 ^ th century , often included the belief that all inhabitants of a country were supposed to speak one and the same language , and viewed dialects and minority languages as sources of internal division . 
  this resulted in government oppression of minority languages and dialects in many countries during this time , coming from the belief that these were ` wrong ' ways of speaking the language that needed to be corrected in order to unite the nation . 
  as such , dutch nationalism usually includes the view that frisian is only a dialect of dutch , and is just like the other dialects in the netherlands a ` wrong ' way of speaking dutch ( and requires correction ) . 
  it 's a form of nationalism that is pretty much only stated by people who look down on frisian and the various dialects in the netherlands . 
  pfft , we 're the ones that do n't speak a real language ? 
  dutch was n't even written in runes !, 
  buncha new kids on the block . 
  make no mistake , the bible belt reasons for refusing vaccinations are very different than the vaccine skepticism . 
  the people from the bible belt fully believe that vaccines do work , which is exactly why they refuse them - as hardcore predeterminist calvinists they believe that getting vaccinated is meddling with `` god 's plan '' . 
  they do n't think we sound cute when we 're speaking dutch , but they do when we 're trying to speak german . 
  nah man , do n't you realize ? 
  people are having internet flamewars about this small aspect of the tradition !, 
  there 's discussions on talkshows !, 
  the whole thing might as well be dead and buried by this point . 
  do n't mind all those families and communities celebrating it like any year before , with whatever flavour or colour or whatever pieten , the tradition is officially dead . 
  * vigorously salutes at fierljep pole *, 
  what utter nonsense to try and argue about someone 's personal tastes and interests . 
  would n't be able to call myself frisian if i did n't get to be pedantic about the hollanders once in a while though :p, 
  ehh we are n't nearly as raspy in the north as they are in the west , and oftentimes pronounce the `` g '' like in english, 
  i do n't think the `` h '' sound is particularly rough , although it 's true that they do n't have it in french, 
   which has a pretty rough ending not in west-flemish though, 
   the far right response to the terrorist threat never really happened here . 
  to be fair , the response was mostly quelled you have n-va in government already . 
  do n't get me wrong , they 're a far more preferable option than the far-right parties that have popped up in the rest of europe , but still , few other countries can boast having an openly nationalist party in government . 
  considering the ** vast ** majority of fines in the netherlands are for traffic incursions , it 's probably not far off . 
  8 million traffic fines just in 2016 !, 
  nor to get fined . 
  i got one for speeding 8 km/h two years ago , guess i 'm unfit to participate in society now . 
  the busses are just pretty shit in the historical inner city of groningen in my opinion . 
  they basically take up the entire road of the historical streets , are very noisy on cobblestone roads , and have only limited access to the inner city due to many streets being closed off from car and bus traffic to facilitate pedestrian and bike traffic . 
  while a subway system would be ideal , they are also very expensive to build and usually are n't worth it for medium-large cities like groningen . 
  the only places with subway systems in the netherlands are amsterdam and rotterdam/the hague , and even those are on the smaller end of the spectrum for subway systems . 
  a tramway system would be a happy intermediate . 
  they would be far more suited for the historical inner city of groningen than busses and would work very well together with the pedestrian and bike traffic there . 
  mind you , this is all my opinion , as i said many people in the city of groningen were quite passionately against it . 
  rotterdam has cleaned up rather well in the past decade though , to the point where it is quickly becoming a very popular destination to live for young adult dutch people , including people moving from amsterdam . 
  the effects of excessive tourism and housing prizes are beginning to show , and because of the interconnected infrastructure it is very doable to work in amsterdam while living outside of it . 
  i think the most important factor here is pragmatic : amsterdam has by far the strongest financial sector in the netherlands . 
   subway in groningen where is it ? 
  they actually planned to build a tramway system in groningen a decade ago which fell apart due to a number of issues , not in the least the population of the city itself being up in arms about it . 
  complete political shitshow right in the middle of the financial crisis as far as i can remember . 
  i think a tramsystem would have been a tremendous improvement over the bussystem that groningen currently has , and more fitting than a subway system given the size of the city . 
  oh haha , * woosh * !, 
  i thought you had some particularly vicious ticks up on the baltic coast or something . 
  when i was growing up , my parents had a long-haired cat with bright white hair ... basically a walking tick magnet . 
  everytime he went outside in spring he 'd be absolutely covered with ticks all over , poor thing . 
  almost scared to ask why . . 
   your massive balls from the nerves of steel or from the inflammation ? 
   ticks are really pretty easy to remove though if you know what you 're doing . 
  i 'm no hero , i 'm just a guy with a tick on his balls and a set of pincers . 
  oh man , i had the opposite reaction . 
  i wanted it fucked off there as quick as humanly possible so i grabbed pincers and yoinked that sob off with extreme prejudice . 
  i picked that one up back home in friesland so at least i had that going for me . 
  the thought of getting lyme 's disease in my balls was also quite a lot of fun . 
  i 've had one crawl up all the way up to the unmentionables once . 
  nasty creepy-crawlies . 
  what a tragedy that would be * twirls mustache *, 
  but where are you guys cycling to if it 's not towards your latest booty call ? 
  there 's not even a full-on cycling traffic jam ? 
  where 's the rest of the people ? 
  it 's true , denmark really is the only other country that even comes remotely close to having acceptable biking infrastructure ... but biking is still not as completely ingrained within the society and culture as it is here from what i 've seen . 
  yeah you 're completely right , it should be ` wo ' , friday afternoons are n't my jig . 
  :p german is also one of the only germanic languages that does n't follow the obviously related where/waar/w \u00ear / hvor/var form so i got confused there . 
  and it 's funny how you scandi 's just completely stopped conjugating your verbs for different pronouns . 
  easy to learn at least , so i do n't mind !, 
  and yeah , i knew that it was n't exactly * ein * but rather something similar to definite * die * , but i wanted to emphasise the similarities . 
  `` where is the swede ? '', 
  and `` danish devil '' hvor = wo er = like english * are * , possibly related to german * art * svensken = ein schwede dansk = d\u00e4nisch ( d ) j\u00e4vel = teufel it 's fairly clear to me , but frisian has quite some scandinavian influences which probably makes it a bit easier . 
   where does this meme/joke come from ? 
  denmark probably . 
   more seriously , if i 'm correct the danes noticed that whenever there was a post with something positive about sweden on international online places like r/europe , the comment section would be full of swedes patting themselves on the shoulder . 
  so the danes started cheekily commenting `` hvor er svensken ??? '', 
  on every post where sweden did n't do so well and there were no swedish commenters to be found . 
  and as such things goes , it ended up developing into a meme of its own . 
  it 's also kind of a counterreaction to the * danskj\u00e4vel * meme that swedes used whenever denmark was brought up . 
  it 's kind of similar to the finnish-dutch rivalry that developed here on r/europe . 
  the dutchies noticed that on a lot of international rankings finland ends up either 1 rank above or below the netherlands , so they started jokingly commenting that the first thing they had to check on any international ranking was if finland was above or below us ... which ended up forming a meme rivalry . 
  no worries cowboy , not the first time a dutch-danish alliance took on the swedes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_%c3%96land ), 
  germans usually really like the dutch accent in german thanks to herman van veen !, 
  nah , just a riff on the [ what would jesus do ?
