  to describe tough/chewy , we would say * taai * . 
  warempel !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4h7vw0fv-ce ), 
  i was trying to say `` cool horse '' by mixing it with frisian . 
  considering the grandeur of the sturgeon horse , i think i succeeded . 
  :( ps : perkele sisu omenajuoma, 
  dat is flaamsk dan ? 
  melting pot , toch ? 
  i 'm dutch frisian . 
  call me a hollander and i 'll give you a very stern frown . 
  then i 'll go sulk in a corner somewhere . 
  according to the wikipedia statistics , the least religious province in the netherlands would be groningen ( 25 % ) , and the most religious province would be limburg ( 85 % ) . 
  so you 're both completely right and completely wrong in condemning the other netherlands !, 
  is that before or after you fall through the ice even though i told you [ * it ken net * ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_btmvpjql4 ) ? 
  frisian high five !, 
  if you guys ever end up joining the netherlands , you can join us in talking shit about * them hollanders * and being pretentious about our regional identities . 
  i always figured jupiler and beerenburg goes well together . 
  while you are completely correct that there is a huge language continuum between all the german and dutch dialects , you are wrong about platdiets being the same as platd\u00fc\u00fctsch ; these are two different groups of dialects . 
  you ca n't be blamed , given the confusing similarity of the names . 
   platdiets derives from franconian dialects , as can be seen here : http://i.imgur.com/wvdbiki.jpg however , platd\u00fc\u00fctsch derives from low saxon dialects , as can be seen here : http://i.imgur.com/mwfrlhg.jpg, 
  i feel united with my fellow europeans because of our many similarities and i enjoy the banter with my fellow europeans about our many differences . 
  an important addition to this is that the polls on dutch politics often show much more extremes than any actual elections . 
  people will gladly express an extreme opinion when they are not satisfied , but when it 's time to vote people stick to moderate parties . 
  an example during the last elections is when the socialist party ( sp ) votes halved between the pre-election polls and the actual election , and instead all went to the labour party ( pvda ) instead . 
  well , as the joke goes : when cheese is starting to smell bad , a dutchman will throw it out , a frenchman will tell you it 's haute cuisine . 
  this is how i feel about the word * waschmaschiner\u00fccklaufventil * . 
  you should hear us pronounce * garage * , * garderobe * or * gala * . 
  as someone who lives quite far from the border , belgians have a really funny accent teehee . 
  interesting juxtaposition in my reddit subscriptions with the top / r/bestof post : [ lucilletwo explains why gmo food should n't be vilified just because monsanto is . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/skeptic/comments/1fcghm/gmo_truthers_need_to_be_kicked_out_of_the/ca93jv5 ) definitely not a fan of monsanto and their business tactics , but i do feel that certain gmos can be beneficial to agriculture and can even limit chemical pollution . 
  it 's not as if all domesticated plants and animals are n't already heavily genetically altered after thousands of years of human selection . 
  some researchers in wageningen university have started an old fashioned breeding programme to get the same genetically modified cows as they have in america - the same thing , but with a much bigger time and resource investment . 
  just goes to show that in the end it comes down to the same thing , but people will happily accept one and not the other . 
  but i do know my cultures , and i 've lived in both scandinavia as finland . 
  and now i 'm off to find my bed , woltrost my kweade freon !, 
  dismissing a uralic culture that has been governed for centuries by scandinavians and closely associated with the baltics as being culturally slavic is hilarious . 
  you do n't know much about finnish culture , do you ? 
  i find it quite interesting how close scots * fower * is to frisian * fjouwer * . 
  `` the voices keep telling me i 'm literally hitler '', 
  / u/jebusgobson did n't have any mental health to begin with so that should n't be a problem . 
  as for the first two questions ; those are hotly debated by experts and really , no one knows for sure . 
  indo-european languages are spoken natively in iran , afghanistan , pakistan , and india . 
  you could also argue that the manner in which european colonialism spread the indo-european languages to places like south america mirrors the way in which the indo-european languages came to europe in the first place . 
  there 's still considerable debate about the location but yes , wherever the proto-indo-europeans were living originally you would find a gradual spread of their genetics . 
  there 's been a few haplotypes suggested which seem to be more frequent in more or less those areas where indo-european languages are spoke . 
  but even for most of those you 'll find that they are nearly absent by the time you reach atlantic europe . 
  most of the genetics there derive from the pre-indo-european neolithic populations and even a significant amount from the hunter-gatherers that lived there before them , something most pronounced in the basques according to a study posted today on / r/europe by coincidence . 
  the spread of indo-european is more a cultural one than a genetic one . 
  the current paradigm holds that indo-european speaking peoples would migrate to a new area and subjugate and mix with the local population . 
  this new population would be a mix between the two peoples genetically . 
  however , culturally they would be indo-european . 
  this new indo-european population would then migrate to a new area where the same pattern would take place . 
  the full spread of indo-european culture took thousands of years and by the time it reached the atlantic coast , or on it 's opposite side the bay of bengal , the genetic impact of the original indo-europeans would have been rather insubstantial . 
  hanging out with atlantis, 
   our days of the week are named after norse gods germanic gods , since you got 'em through the anglo-saxons . 
  and the rest might as well count for any country on either the north sea or the baltic sea !, 
  them vikings got around . 
  so basically ... estonia nordik ? 
   but still i \u00b4 d reject that study with my personal observations ah yes , i 'd accept anything from the peer-reviewed journal of personal observations as truth , their scientific standards are rigorous . 
  one of the greats , right along with the prestigious journal of something someone once told me in a bar . 
  this is why i follow the [ white spelling ] ( https://nl.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/witte_spelling#witte_spelling ) of dutch rather than the green spelling . 
  karbydsjitte you mean , 
  new year 's up north is really just about the most gezellig you can get !, 
  my village does carbidschieten in a field halfway to the next village , where they will also be doing it nearby . 
  and then they 'll always try to outdo eachother : bigger , louder , further and more !, 
  this mostly happens in the frisian and low saxon parts of the country , i always assumed it also happened across the german border . 
  three pictures of a man and a woman and a final picture of a man and a sheep ... * implications *, 
  i 'd like to know the last time you ate escargots and grenouille !, 
  do n't bully the [ alot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/snrjasv.png ) please , it 's a noble beast . 
  all you need to completely convince me is a picture that looks like the shire !, 
  speaking as a frisian , the mentality , lifestyle and attitude of northwest germans feels much more relatable to me than those of the flemish . 
  communication is direct and straightforward , the cuisine is simple and nutritious and nothing more , in communities the scandinavian law of jante applies , there 's little respect for hierarchies , any kind of extravagance at all is generally looked down on , and attitudes are stoic and dry . 
  to be fair , i find the northwest germans to be closer to us in those respects than we are to the dutch brabantians and limburgers . 
  i should also mention that 's why i love the southern netherlands and flanders , our common language allows me to explore your lovely culture and discover all our small similarities and dissimilarities , 
  for me too , to be honest . 
  as a frisian i feel closer to northwest germans and the danes than to the flemish , in terms of lifestyle , attitude and mentality . 
  i do love that we share a language with flanders which allows me to explore and interact with their culture . 
  exactly why i should remember it !, 
  oooh i 'll have to remember that one, 
  the low lands just would n't be the same if we were n't all making fun of eachother , ya griffo sallander :d, 
  to be completely fair , we 'll also gladly back up the belgians when it comes to hollander bashing . 
  that 's the spirit , those french fries wo n't salt themselves !, 
  you already do n't have your own language - now you 're telling me the belgians do n't even have their own jokes ? 
  flembots sure are a lot more effective than putinbots, 
  hello fellow netherlanders , how do you do ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  what in the fuck is the point of that parallel lane ? 
  my co-workers are filing an official complaint for inappropriate behaviour against me . 
  i 'll do it just to be on the safe side, 
  will something bad happen if i do n't ? 
  am i supposed to reply to each of these comments ? 
  is that why you replied 4 times ? 
  what is this wizardry ? 
  on my way to flanders with a hacksaw as we speak . 
  hope you 're not too attached to your limbs / u/jebusgobson !, 
  and if you are , not for long anyway . 
  burn it with fire, 
  they salty . 
  flanders was n't part of the kingdom last time i checked , except for a small part in zeeland . . in fact , the belgian constitution has barred the dutch royal family from having any public function !, 
  i 'm germanic protestant , i go about my sex in an orderly manner without any unnecessary joy . 
  \\ # 2 as part of the low saxon dialects .
