  well then poland has the best/worst neighbours . 
  i would report that shit in seconds if i saw my neighbour doing it . 
  doubt it . 
  it 's extremely risky to burn trash after eu . 
  there are actual inspections and the fines are hefty . 
  also if you know someone who is doing that all you have to do is call the firemen and tell them a rough location . 
  natural gas , yes . 
  if it burns well you get co2 and h2o . 
  natural gas is n't that common though , most places which have it are definitely using it , it 's very low maitenance , very clean and very cheap . 
  the air is n't as good in poland because of coal burning , but this is people heating their homes , the weather is really cold so all the shit stays low and you get massive amounts of smog . 
  no way they do that . 
  it 's nearly impossible to burn trash these days without getting fined in hours . 
  it 's just firewood and coal . 
  really cold weather means everything stays on the ground and you get that . 
  i doubt these results . 
  http://www.compareyourcountry.org/pisa/country/ltu they show our performance literally just jumping of a cliff . 
  does n't make sense . 
   average performance refers to all 15-year-old students also i doubt that claim . 
  all 15 year old students ? 
  yeah , right . 
  it 's from here . 
  http://mapijoziai.lt/lietuvos-zemelapiai/lenku-tautine-mazuma-lietuvoje/ the map i took is the poles who 's native language is still polish . 
  people who know how to speak polish or have polish blood should n't be used in a map marking the use of a language . 
  just in my opinion . 
  most people know how to speak russian and english in lithuania , should be marking that as well in that case . 
  oh well that makes sense , feels even worse now . 
  yes , in hopes that they actually got liberated , not taken over by germans instead . 
  why the f did africa get so many rocks ? 
  old map . 
   as you said , it has no momentum . 
  why , you would think germans would love to build another wall in their country ? 
  was n't it good back then ? 
  compared to a dictator like putin sure . 
  it 's not going to happen as long as eu exists . 
  and if it does n't mother russia will likely give us love again . 
  we do co-operate quite a bit though . 
  oil prices fell with euro . 
  which is why fuel/plastics cost the same or less than it did before euro fell . 
  from a perspective of a european that is . 
  also they overdid it on lithuania . 
  polish language does not go that far north . 
  if there is a will there is a way . 
  yeah , but then the boss will have to settle for a vw touareg instead of a range rover . 
  it 's not a decision you take lightly . 
  games = media/entertainment . 
  means people use/watch them 24/7 means there has to be someone responsible 24/7 . 
  can enforce it , but there will still have to be someone working at the time you do n't . 
  i do n't know . 
  there is n't really a simple way to do it , but i bet someone could find a way . 
  and now english is mandatory . 
  unless you 're a special snowflake and somehow find a way to opt out . 
  there is no 15th century lithuanian text . 
  the first ever was in 1503 . http://lietuvos.istorija.net/lituanistica/tevemusu1503.htm and it 's pretty clearly lithuanian , just different letters since no alphabet was formed back then , a lot of polish influence in that department . 
  yet . 
  i do n't know why people ignore the fact that uk is still in eu as of this moment . 
  i doubt it . 
  people always assume the people handling these things are complete retards who struggle to tie their shoes , yet often do n't understand how radiation works at all . 
  it 's crazy that people still think radiation instantly kills everything . 
  the fucking universe is radioactive . 
  did the west form ussr back then ? 
  did the west invade georgia and ukraine recently ? 
  russia does enough by itself . 
  they do n't make as much as poland . 
  it 's just their power is shittier . 
  the amount of russian propaganda that is in the air gets to some people . 
  not to mention for example latvia and estonia have large russian minorities . 
  no , the german public decided to get rid of nuclear energy . 
  merkel just went with the flow to get the support up . 
  it 's okay though , france will build some to sell you power . 
  it 's clean relative to other methods . 
  he never said it 's perfectly clean . 
  he said it 's cleanest . 
  governments fucking up , what else is new ? 
  it 's not like the finnish government is made up out of nuclear scientists . 
  looks like 1 euro to me . 
  have you forgotten about what drives on the road ? 
  how about sand on glass ? 
  have you tried that ? 
  it does n't work on so many levels beyond the angle . 
  even elon musk , the pioneer when it comes to renewables is laughing at the retarded solar roads . 
  this is not new technology . 
  we know solar panels work best pointing at the sun . 
  laying them flat on the ground does n't work nearly as well . 
  the research is done . 
   just 510 years ( excluding interest ) and it will pay for itself !!, 
  amazing !, 
  kickstart that !, 
   the record low temperature  the lowest natural temperature ever directly recorded at ground level on earth is \u2212 89.2 \u00b0 c ( \u2212 128.6 \u00b0 f ; 184.0 k ) , which was at the soviet vostok station in antarctica , on july 21 , 1983 . 
  analysis of satellite data indicated a probable temperature of around \u2212 93.2 \u00b0 c ( \u2212 135.8 \u00b0 f ; 180.0 k ) , in east antarctica , on august 10 , 2010 ; however , this reading was not confirmed by ground measurements . 
  it 's still dumb , no matter how hard you try to make it work . 
  honorary muslim then . 
  i saw her neck . 
  am i now a sinner ? 
  i fucking hate raisins ? 
  or whatever dried shit is ruining the other one . 
  yeah as jargon or swear words . 
  it 's like saying you speak english because you know the word fuck . 
  russian minority is much smaller in lithuania . 
  so that 's that . 
  young people barely speak russian anymore over here .
