  he wrote in polish because it was a better language at the time just like we write in english on reddit , more people understand it . 
  he considered himself polish-lithuanian . 
  he thought of lithuania as his motherland , but polish language and polish nationality at the time were more comfortable to use . 
  i do n't see how that 's had to understand for you . 
  poles born around vilnius still consider themselves polish to this day even though it 's not been poland there . 
  for a while ... 
  well it was a commonwealth at the time so lines were blurry . 
  but his lineage was lithuanian and he spoke of lithuania as his fatherland . 
  polish nationality was just seen as `` higher class '' or just cooler at the time . 
  also written lithuanian was very immature so no wonders he wrote in polish . 
  very slow . 
  finnish are also slow . 
   '' - why are finnish rally drivers so good ? '', 
   '' - well you know , by the time they move their feet on the brake pedal ... '', 
   lithuania - they try to steal mickiewicz gente lithuanus , natione polonus `` lithuania , my fatherland !, 
  you are like health . '''', 
  i use oriflame ones since my mother is a dealer , they work well . 
  school is easy and decently informative . 
  universities are hard and the programs change literally every year to accommodate for new learning strategies and stuff . 
  basically a huge experiment , also everything feels rushed . 
  in engineering studies at least . 
  1993-1997 we signed agreements to demilitarize all our borders . 
  never needed visas for latvia and i think poland ( ca n't remember ) , still need them for belarus and russia . 
  not much has changed , except there are no huge lines anymore at the border . 
  good . . ? 
  i mean , it gets cold and rainy/snowy . 
  but we have potatoes all winter . 
  hm , i think here you do n't have to have a license for anything if you do n't plan on selling . 
  if you want 20000 chickens and you do n't want to sell the eggs/meat no one cares . 
  it 's good enough that i do n't think about it . 
  if i need help i go to a hospital without thinking what i have in my bank account . 
  we have a cat named `` kitten '' or katukas in our language , he was supposed to be tiger , but that did n't take . 
  http://www.thenewamerican.com/tech/environment/item/22221-documentary-climate-hustle-exposes-global-warming-con-job do n't read if you value your brain cells , but since you 're on reddit you probably will, 
   it is a sales tax , but only on certain items . 
  you would pay 20 % on luxury items ( televisions ) , but basics are 0 % ( bread ) . 
  this is built into the price of the product when you buy it . 
  businesses can claim the vat back if they make purchases for business reasons . 
  i know that , but you did n't include it in the answer, 
   you would pay 20 % on luxury items ( televisions ) , but basics are 0 % ( bread ) . 
  depends on the country, 
  uuh , japan is kind of responsible for that too . 
  when someone is holding a gun to your head you should n't yell `` shoot '', 
  in lithuania pickpocketing is borderline unheard of . 
  it happens in extremely large crowds , having a jacket with inner pockets pretty much removes all chances of that happening . 
  and i think pickpocketing is classed as assault here so thieves do n't even want to attempt it , risky and people do n't have anything valuable anyway . 
  the only times i hear someone stole something is when a person leaves stuff some place too open , like a cafe when they go to the bathroom . 
  there are also waaaay too many cameras everywhere . 
  i personally forgot the last time i heard someone got pickpocketed . 
  when i think about canada i do n't think about big cities at all . 
  but toronto and montreal are the first ones i can think of . 
  vancouver is only really known because of the olympics , no idea how big it really is . 
  they call lorries trucks , pickup trucks trucks and actual trucks trucks , slightly confusing for everyone . 
  neither is vilnius then . 
  kaunas at least has some main roads near it and a way to go around the city . 
  vilnius is like a big village . 
  actually we either have 3 cities or 0 . 
  because 3 of them are the same size . 
  it 's not a war zone if that 's what you are asking . 
  it 's sad and people are definitely not doing business as usual , but there is n't army patrolling on the streets or drones flying overhead . 
  english will always work everywhere except on the streets , on the streets sometimes you can run into someone who do n't speak english . 
  yes , however that type of communism did n't exist . 
  communism is idealism , it just ca n't work , it has never worked . 
  communism in ussr was a dictatorship with another title . 
  countries like china are only `` communist '' , they are n't really though are they , pretty much nothing is communist about china other than insane government control , but that 's almost a dictatorship . 
  actually many other countries do n't like the quotas either , they are not refusing to take them , they do n't want the ones that eu forces to go there . 
  we actually have a refugee center in lithuania and refugees do n't even want to come here . 
  post-soviet countries were freshly out of ussr and ready for change , they took a while to meet every requirement . 
  but they are also quite small which made it easier . 
  try changing turkey to fit into europe , it will take you a while . 
  english . 
  and it 's becoming even more popular , basically every young person can speak it because it 's taught since kindergarten . 
  i can easily see in 40 + years most people being fluent in english throughout europe . 
  where do you want to go ? 
  what language do you want to study in ? 
  which club plays hockey for us in olympics ? 
  i do n't think it 's a club now is it ? 
  it 's a whole another team made up of people from that country . 
  that is what national football team is . 
  clubs can have players of any nationality . 
  i hate coloured tattoo 's because i know how impossible it is to remove colour . 
  full black ones which are n't made from solid black blocks i do n't mind . 
  i also find the green/black prison style ones ugly as hell . 
  and tattoo 's are not american . 
  i hate analog clocks . 
  i speak in 24 hour time too . 
  i think it 's 2 % for every currency . 
  ca n't tell you why . 
  1 ) yes . 
  2 ) no , uk is not schengen , you need a schengen country visa to get into schengen , after that you can move around as much as you like . 
  definitely not . 
  just some louder voices on the right . 
  the clients are n't illegal in most countries , they are illegal in germany afaik . 
  torrents are not illegal in lithuania , illegal files on torrents are illegal . 
  [ monika linkyt\u0117 - po dangum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2kgqv0hx7o ) lyrics [ make no sense ] ( http://lyricstranslate.com/en/po-dangum-under-sky.html ) by the way so you can listen to it the same as we do . 
  it 's not popular , but we do have a couple good boxers , olympic games worthy . 
  most people will move out of there if it does . 
  but good luck . 
  no , it never was any higher . 
  the 80 % win they keep shouting about had no turnout , only supporters came to actually vote , that referendum is useless . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_self-determination_referendum,_2014 and they allowed everyone to vote , so it 's also illegal .
