  actually increasing spending . 
  trees have roots that dig deep into the ground to collect all the moisture . 
  also the area of the roof is probably enough for two trees not hundred . 
  newly planted trees need like buckets of water every day . 
  read falls as fails . 
  now i feel bad . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://www.webtoons.com/en/comedy/bluechair/ep-59-busy-work/viewer?title_no=199&amp;episode_no=61 ), 
  who cares , no one is going to get punished by this . 
  what are you going to do sue everyone who posts a link ? 
  still , when planning a building you have to calculate the pipes for the amount of people that are going to live in the building . 
  flow rates and shit ... 
  yeah , right , that might sound nice on a leaflet . 
  they pump it for sure . 
  you can even see the pumps in the plans . 
  however the costs would n't be high , residential buildings use tons of water anyway , especially during mornings and evenings . 
  https://twistedsifter.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/bosco-verticale-vertical-forest-residential-towers-by-boeri-studio-milan-italy-5.jpg?w=800&amp;h=566 you can water the plants mid-day when water demands are low . 
  i 've read what i posted , you did n't . 
   it was , however , retained by some members of the minor nobility , especially in the samogitian region . 
  this is the only mention of samogitia and this is nobility in samogitia , not small villages in samogitia . 
  yes , lithuanian revival did happen because of severe polonization of lithuania during the commonwealth . 
  we know that . 
  but then your imagination is running rampant when you say that lithuanian is basically a made up language no one spoke . 
  that does n't happen in the reality that we live in . 
  yes . 
  russians did n't ban lithuanian language ... 
  confirmed delusional . 
  most words that were `` removed '' were russian since lithuania was part of russian empire . 
  that 's also why standardized lithuanian had prussian lithuanian influences , that 's where lithuanian rebels printed texts to smuggle into lithuania . 
  if lithuanian was n't spoken why would russians ban it ? 
  by the way you 're making this sound it looks like lithuanian language is the most successful artificially created language in the world , we should probably look into that further . 
   the first book published in print in the lithuanian language was lutheran catechism of martynas ma\u017evydas in 1547 . 
  other milestone publications included daniel klein 's grammar in 1653 , a publication of the bible in 1735 , and the first work of imaginative literature , kristijonas donelaitis ' metai ( the seasons ) , in 1818 . 
  during the years of the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , which lasted from 1569 to 1781 , the polish language gained ground as the written lingua franca of greater lithuania , although the prussian areas of lithuania minor continued to issue publications in lithuanian . 
  [ 5 ]  at the beginning of the 19th century , use of the lithuanian language was largely limited to lithuanian rural areas , apart from its use in prussia ; it was , however , retained by some members of the minor nobility , especially in the samogitian region . 
  several factors contributed to its subsequent revival : the language drew attention from scholars of the emerging science of comparative linguistics ; after the abolition of serfdom in the russian empire in 1861 , social mobility increased , and lithuanian intellectuals arose from the ranks of the rural populace ; and language became associated with identity in lithuania , as elsewhere across europe . 
  [ 6 ] within the catholic church , the barriers that had earlier prevented commoners from entering the priesthood were eased . 
  a closer relationship developed between the educated clergy , who were increasingly of ethnic lithuanian stock , and their parishioners , including a sympathy with their wish to use the lithuanian language . 
  [ 7 ] the emerging national movement sought to distance itself from both polish and russian influences , and the use of the lithuanian language was seen as an important aspect of this movement . 
  [ 8 ]  according to the bibliographer vaclovas bir\u017ei\u0161ka , between 1800 and 1864 , when the press ban was enacted , 926 book titles were published in the lithuanian language using its latin alphabet . 
  [ 9 ] the orthography of the language was not standardized ; this problem was used by the russian authorities as a rationale for the change to cyrillic . 
  [ 10 ] there you go , short summary . 
  polish almost killed lithuanian language , but not quite . 
   and yes , a lot of the language was basically made-up or ` reconstructed ' from old documents because noone spoke that way . 
  no it was n't . 
  lithuanian was standardized by jonas jablonskis in 19th century based on western auk\u0161taitian , because it was his native dialect and prussian lithuanian ( no samogitian involved ) , we even know that he removed many loans that were running rampant during those times . 
  it 's very easy to disprove your imaginations since it 's recent history , quite well documented . 
  samogitian is so wildly different from lithuanian even today most lithuanians ca n't understand it . 
  you 're just making shit up and feeling good about it . 
  and it was n't revived from anything first ever texts of lithuanian come in southern auk\u0161taitian dialect which is spoken around ... kaunas . 
   cities like wilno or kowno were predominantly polish-speaking yes and lithuanian was just preserved magically , it traveled through time without being spoken and emerged after 1993 . 
  polish sounding words ? 
  we literally still have the first lithuanian book ever written and it still sounds lithuanian . 
  it was printed using a polish press so some letters are polish , yes . 
  yes . 
  nobility did n't speak lithuanian because it was n't written and defined . 
  people in lithuania proper ( where grand duchy began and current one is ) spoke lithuanian . 
  the only reason ruthenian was used is because lithuanians could n't write and could n't communicate within the massive country that it became . 
  official language . 
  lithuanian was n't written until 16th century , would be hard to use that as an official language do n't you think ? 
  it has the name , the language and the place . 
  hand-waving begins . 
  for centuries when ? 
  during the commonwealth ? 
  during the commonwealth it was the capital of lithuania . 
  surprise surprise . 
   grand duchy of lithuania was part of poland . 
  literally never . 
  yes for 20 years out of 693 . 
  who cares if she knew who he is ? 
  he started this hate campaign sponsored by kremlin with their nice ribbons . 
  winter is coming . 
  the only reason why there is any hate of poles is the recent actions of polish minority in lithuania . 
  you can thank waldemar tomaszewski personally that you did n't get laid . 
  nothing to do with any complex . 
  hijacking vilnius for whole 20 years and then pretending it 's polish . 
  how can a fully islamic country be allies with usa ? 
  they just like the green dollar and black metal . 
  interesting that this comes from renault when their dci engines are pretty much the only thing that you see on the street . 
  vw has been selling many tsi , fsi and tfsi engines though . 
  not having to give any of that back to uk helps . 
  non eu schengen members are already in schengen so do they need to enter ? 
  india and china are also experiencing this only africa remains on massive growth . 
  pretty much no developed country reaches 2.1 and i personally do n't even think we should . 
  humans wo n't go extinct , but a decreased population would n't do much harm , it would probably even be better . 
  and yes that means when we get old we wo n't be able to all get lambos and yachts . 
  we have plenty , just not that many people in general . 
  how is youth unemployment connected to any of this ? 
  also it 's not 1200 ad anymore we do n't need workforce `` after a major disaster '' we just do n't need it ever . 
  does n't help one bit . 
  what is a normal biological impulse in this case ? 
  you used so many words that mean nothing to me . 
  clearly they have adjusted since population is decreasing in europe . 
  yes , it has worked that way , but now we do n't actually need more people for anything . 
  ten people can farm food for thousands nowadays . 
  so yes , system is not quite set up to handle more old people than young people , but that 's what 's going to happen for a while now until it settles down . 
  very good . 
  people need children , but want financial security before having them . 
  which is perfectly reasonable and italy is n't doing well on that front . 
  italy takes longer to make children since it 's harder for young people to find jobs .
