  not to mention poles in lithuania do n't need polish signs , to be a lithuanian citizen you need to know how to speak lithuanian , it 's a requirement . 
  it 's okay tomaszewski will run out of steam eventually . 
  no they wo n't . 
  functional street signs will stay in only one language , this is just a gesture . 
  i knew i would find that comment here , haha . 
  if they were really running away from taliban they would n't try to barge their way into the countries that pay more , they would stay where it 's safe . 
  i say deport everyone in calais jungle too , clearly not a refugee . 
  [ new ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1a/supranational_european_bodies-en.svg ), 
  let 's just be friends with russia instead , that worked so well many times before !, 
  we used to have that , not anymore . 
  in tiny stores maybe , not in any chain store though , i have paid 1 euro and some cents many times with a card . 
  surprise !, 
  again !, 
  clearly speeding is not what kills even if campaigns keep shouting that . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/transport/road_safety/pdf/observatory/historical_evol_popul.pdf latvian police are extremely strict when it comes to speeding and yet they keep dying . 
  it 's clearly the road quality , markings and safe intersections . 
  not speed . 
  why do n't you go in summer or spring ? 
  autumn and winter just do these things . 
  move factories to france in that case . 
  it 's mostly assembly anyway . 
  yes . 
  but it 's japanese/french . 
  and we buy plenty of nissans . 
  24 months in lithuania . 
  new car 36 months . 
  bam it 's autumn . 
  yeah , well , hindsight ... 
  ice cold baby, 
  lol retail box, 
  it 's because of gog.com, 
  also a lot of the time the camera picks up the driver . 
  my father actually saw his speeding photo , it was clear enough for a passport . 
  dead and unborn are also way different . 
  it 's even better to be born as a wanted child though . 
  in most cases waaaay better . 
  abortion helps future children a lot . 
  unwanted children being born is what reaaaally does n't help anyone . 
  seat is a vw . 
  your seat ibiza ca n't reach 90km/h ? 
  should n't be on the road with that . 
  up to 10 : warning 10 to 20 : 11-28 eur fine 20 to 30 : 28-86 eur fine 30 to 40 : 115-173 eur fine , for unexperienced drivers also loss of driving license for 3-6 months 40 to 50 : 173-231 eur fine , for unexperienced drivers 6-12 months penalty 50 + : 289-434 eur fine , experienced drivers penalty 1-6 months of no license , for unexperienced drivers 12-18 months , if no drivers license the fine is 434-724 eur . 
  it 's very loosely based on that . 
  ayyy lmao, 
  that 's a problem in more countries than poland , it should be the other way around if it was based on reason . 
  i think you forgot how skilled religious people are at being hypocrites . 
  same thing happens in lithuania . 
   but i always wondered how do these people justify appointing themselves as the deciders that babies get to live , instead of mothers . 
  imaginary moral high ground . 
  good thing comments like these are n't more common or we would have more `` problems '' than that . 
  also clearly abortion control does n't help poland one bit , we slay babies left and right and still have better birth rates . 
  aerodynamic buildings are very important , they slow down the spin of the planet less . 
  what about it ? 
  radio waves were first predicted in 1867 and 1887 first demonstrated . 
  this quote is after the idea already existed . 
  the problem is breakthroughs . 
  late 1800s and early 1900s had many of them and you ca n't imagine those . 
  no one could imagine a mobile phone in mid 1800s . 
  we did n't even know what radio waves were and what to eat them with . 
   being unable to envisage our own future a hundred years from now what ? 
  please . 
  do you not watch sci-fi ? 
  can you speak any other language than spanish or english ? 
  if you can speak english well i would try ireland . 
  i mean , it 's exactly like you said . 
   what kind of store are you gon na be if you do n't have something people wants ? 
  that is completely true , however some products can be replaced and some ca n't be and that 's where the `` pressure '' as you called it ca n't be applied . 
  maxima ca n't strongarm carslberg into selling them beer for less money because they need the exact type of beer they sell . 
  those prices depend on what carslberg wants . 
  they can however strongarm a small farmer who sells vegetables , because there are other farmers who sell the same vegetables . 
  those prices depend on what maxima wants . 
   what kind of store are you gon na be if you do n't have something people wants ? 
  norfa as i said if the producer has the product store absolutely needs they have the leverage , examples : beer , cigarettes , milk , bread . 
  if you 're selling potato 2x market price store has the leverage . 
  what do you mean ? 
  smaller stores can do the exact same thing , they just do n't have the same market share to leverage . 
  small stores can not buy if they do n't like the price , they are n't forced to buy things at prices they do n't like . 
  it 's free market . 
  the only reason big supermarkets can `` force '' lower prices is because if they say `` we wo n't buy from you '' no one will . 
  this problem only concerns small farmers/producers anyway , big farms/factories can do the same thing big supermarkets can , they have more leverage . 
  for example : look at lithuanian beer price , it 's astronomical and the profits stores get is tiny . 
  why is that ? 
  breweries have the leverage in that exchange . 
  rimi was norwegian , ica bought them , but did n't rename baltic region stores . 
  it 's a fine clusterfuck . 
  actually according to wiki rimi baltic was created with kesko/ica , no idea anymore . 
  500 of no currency ? 
   ( university professor big time business man in one of his lecture mentioned how they are pushing locals to sell products to their supermarkets at very very low price or else they wo n't be buying it ) every store in the world does that . 
  that picture is banned in poland i 'm sure . 
  poland ? 
  does it actually get worse during the winter now ? 
  i normally just cook plain rice and do stuff with it later so it works for me . 
  poland champion . 
  i like the separated bags , no measuring required . 
  judicial independence is based on opinion survey . 
  budget is also a survey . 
  their methodology is all a joke . 
  i think it 's hilarious . 
  they actually saved too much had to fill in the gap with a bs purchase . 
  normally it 's the other way around .
