  the concept is pretty simple , but for it to happen stuff has to become catastrophic . 
  basically rising co2 levels trap the heat inside and makes more co2 in the process , when this process culminates there is so much co2 in the atmosphere that heat gets reflected away from the planet instead of getting inside and trapped which results in rapid cooling = ice age . 
  of course they ca n't test this shit out , but it theoretically can happen and we think some ice ages happened that way . 
  wait you mean the bag of blood wo n't have a big sign saying gay on it ? 
  also why is it only gay men ? 
  gay women were fine ? 
  i would guess more people flying that way . 
  less pollution = less fuel = less taxes . 
  there has to be a financial reason to upgrade planes . 
  they cost millions of euros . 
  millions . 
  you do n't just change them every two years . 
  two of our largest breweries are missing . 
  so it 's a problem that no one buys out the land and creates big farms . 
  small farmer with one cow will never do well in this market . 
  bots are probably on strike, 
  donald trump influence . 
  why is farming bad in romania ? 
  they have land , no ? 
  it 's hard to do normal economy when putin ( i refuse to say government , it 's a dictatorship in every possible definition ) bans shit for no reason . 
  russians were always doing worse in ussr than latvia or lithuania , but they still think ussr was awesome and we ( baltics ) destroyed it . 
  and i 'm dutch , i 'm left handed though , german feels backwards to me . 
  no not really . 
  [ but it is like a mini desert . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=neringa&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmigmnd-sj3yaivp_xych0fcglm&amp;biw=1484&amp;bih=966#tbm=isch&amp;q=curonian+spit ), 
  yes and you keep going further and further and you get to a point where it 's just insane . 
  65 year old for pension and average life for men is 68 here . 
  3 years of retirement . 
  ( i know it 's not exactly how that works , but it 's still insane ), 
  that works too , but the problem is that klaip\u0117da also likes to get away from lithuania once in a while . 
  raising retirement age really does n't improve that much , it just makes people who are not fit for the job have to work because they ca n't afford to retire . 
  lithuania was the last country in europe to convert . 
  i vote we go back to pagan gods , those stories are way better . 
  well , i mean . 
  of course it 's only an official statement . 
  you ca n't just go and change a mind of a whole country that was attacked by catholics for centuries to convert into catholics overnight . 
  not to mention in lithuania most sacred places were actually destroyed so that people would lose their gathering places . 
  but that does n't really improve faith in god does it ? 
  i am actually surprised anyone kept the belief at all in our country . 
  data in imperial units is not beautiful . 
  litva is lithuania in russian so that one wo n't win any polls . 
  litua/littua or lituania also sound much closer . 
  vilnius is now in belarus , man we can never keep the damn capital we built to be a capital as our capital . 
  should have just stayed with kaunas as capital . 
  when battle of grunwald happened samogitia was n't even under control of grand duchy of lithuania , it was invaded by teutonic order , so them not being baptized is also pretty much their fault . 
  well , when battle of grunwald happened lithuanians were already catholic too , it 's more like song that pumps you up for murdering invaders . 
  apartment doors vary because they were changed by people . 
  normally it 's outwards , most logical . 
  some houses have doors that open inwards , but that 's pretty rare in my experience . 
  it 's a 2 euro coin ... rip karma, 
  katowice is one of the best cs events . 
  you did n't read the wiki page i linked i take it . 
  separatism is a type of terrorism . 
  one of the types of rebellion is terrorism . 
  armed rebels are terrorists once they start terrorizing , like taking over regions of the country . 
  [ like i said , from ukraine 's point of view , yes it does make them terrorists , they overtook regions of the country with armed forces . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism#types ), 
  from ukraine 's point of view they are terrorists . 
  but ... but ... the karma ... 
  and armed rebels are treated as terrorists by almost every government on this planet , i do n't understand your point . 
  it 's more like they realized there is nothing they can do about it anymore . 
  conflict in ukraine is frozen so is the discussion . 
  well i 'm trying to be politically correct since this subreddit has quite a few russians lurking around and they would point out how i am against russia because i am lithuanian and salty and russia had nothing to do with what happened here . 
  armed protesters are n't a threat in your opinion ? 
  they are threatening peace of others , which is terrorism . 
  especially in a country where automatic rifles are not legal to carry , seeing all those ak 's just does n't seem right to me . 
  no people because like i said we never brought any guns so launching air strikes against people who are n't armed did n't seem right even to the ussr probably . 
  i did n't say anything about ukraine ? 
  i said separatists are retarded for acting like terrorists . 
  ukraine actually handled it about as well as i would expect someone to . 
  you obviously disagree . 
  please elaborate , what good do you think can come to a region that got completely devastated by war . 
  what did the region gain ? 
  well first of all we did n't arm ourselves like separatists in ukraine did so we were n't a threat and did n't force ussr to respond with arms . 
  pro-russian separatists immediately started as terrorists not protesters . 
  the only things we did were protests and ussr still attacked the protesters , they actually managed to bring tanks in . 
  history 2/10 , please come again . 
  i said this type of separatism . 
  we did n't kill people to get out of ussr and we did n't have to blow up buildings either . 
  ~ 3 euro for lunch menu , more of less depending on the place . 
  coffee varies a ton . 
  some places it 's cents some places 3 euros for a cup . 
  this type of separatism is like shitting into your own pants and then sitting down . 
  absolutely no good can come from this . 
  got rekt by latvia . 
  today was not a good day . 
  you win . 
  more photos . 
  http://www.delfi.lt/news/daily/lithuania/kapines-nuklojo-geles-ir-zvakes.d?id=69445948 contributing to global warming one candle at a time !, 
  biomass is still needed because we need to get rid of waste , ca n't have massive ass landfills everywhere . 
  we will need to burn some biomass anyway , just need to capture co2 . 
  solar is still inefficient , we can make them way more efficient , that 's why we need to develop it , i did n't say buy solar panels , i said invest into them , develop . 
  wind is definitely overrated . 
  we have pretty much reached the peek of wind turbines in efficiency and it 's still laughable amount of energy . 
  not to mention it 's the least predictable one , also loud and ugly so we put it away from cities which makes use lose energy during transit . 
  invest into solar , biomass and nuclear . 
  mining every ore is just as nasty for health , radioactivity is the least of miner 's problems . 
  it used to be a huge problem when prisoners mined with no protection at all , it 's not anymore . 
  we also need way less of it . 
  no , estonia only has two cities .
