  uh , birds ? 
  pretty sure everyone has birds . 
  they are technically richer than us , but most of their money is borrowed . 
  was it raining ? 
  it 's hard because by leaving the country that takes them they lose every benefit they were provided . 
  they got food , housing and did n't even need to work for it . 
  it 's not bad , but it can be if you get sick or financial crisis hits . 
  it 's just one more thing to worry about . 
  also it means people try to live above what they can actually afford . 
  for now . 
  emigration and migration should be less common in the year 2050 and 2100 because we should be much closer when it comes to earnings . 
  the mass produced palm oil is very cheap and mostly comes from countries which do not have sanctions against russia . 
  here the cheese product is a little over 4 euros and actual cheese is around 6 . 
  yes , but russia is extremely uneven in their income so their stats are pretty worthless . 
  people in moscow/saint petersburg basically live in a different country . 
  which makes it not cheese . 
  no it 's not ? 
  lithuania is like 4-5 thousand up on latvia and you ca n't tell if you tried . 
  what about gdp per capita ppp ? 
  kernav\u0117 was the largest settlement in the lithuanian part at the time though , would make some sense . 
  surprising because netherlands are in the eu . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/societal_attitudes_toward_homosexuality#association_with_child_abuse_and_pedophilia when u do n't know who to blame , just blame soviet russia . 
  hits most of the time . 
  gays will rape your children do n't you know . 
  so , the thing i take from this is that smuggling food into russia is now a viable method to make money . 
  seems rough . 
  oh , so it is lithuanian ? 
  even so selita or rasa would be the first ones that come to my mind . 
  frisco is pretty much non-existent at the time . 
  and the logo is definitely not that . 
  what the fuck is frisco ? 
  when i google it the logo is from friscotexas.gov . 
  we have a drink called frisco , but it 's made by coca-cola . 
  yeah , but intensive printing of books in lithuanian did help save whatever there was left before it all went to shit . 
  majority of those tanks are relics . 
  they probably run , but not all that impressive in a battle . 
  this ban likely is what saved the language in the first place . 
  lithuanian was being swallowed up by polish and russian and this ban basically revived the language since it became a thing rebels were interested in . 
  new buildings are starting to pop up as well . 
  i hope it 's not just another bubble . 
  my father used to get paid overtime all the time , but then ministry of labour decided that milk truck drivers work too many hours so the company had to change the hours to show the correct amount and now he does n't get paid overtime because the ministry does n't allow it . 
  real hours have n't changed because cows do n't listen to ministry of labour . 
  that 's life . 
  good thing i buy lithuanian tomatoes then . 
  support local mafia . 
  you have to remember people who do that every day get good at it . 
  what kind of a job takes two hours ? 
  you can reassemble the whole phone bit by bit in an hour tops . 
  same with a laptop . 
  apple repair centers simply are n't allowed to repair most things , they need to send it in to apple . 
  the gain is in the numbers . 
  renegeration and helping out the engine while the turbo is spinning up saves fuel . 
  to be fair priuses are fairly bulletproof , they are used as taxis after all , run well over half a million kilometers . 
  not much different compared to a normal petrol car , apart from being ugly . 
  i3 still has regenerative breaking and all that . 
  cars are getting more complex and that 's actually true for both pure fossil fuel cars , hybrids and fully electric . 
  apple is going to pour millions of dollars to find all the gaps in this law . 
  simply do n't see all the companies that are built on eu and spain staying in a state that has no trade agreements . 
  even uk is predicted to take a hit , but that is a massive country compared to what catalonia would be . 
  edit : let 's not forget spanish people living in catalonia would be likely to jump ship . 
  it would take years to join even if they did n't . 
  years of collapsing economy . 
  they think their catalan government is going to be so much better than the spanish one . 
  old story . 
  why are you asking me that . 
  it 's probably drinkable it just tastes bad and it 's not enjoyable . 
  i drink bottled water because tap water tastes pretty bad in my apartment kaunas for some reason , maybe old pipes . 
  but i use it when it needs to be boiled , then it 's fine . 
  massive amounts of minerals settle down if you boil it though . 
  the systems before it relied on slave labour or serf labour and plunder . 
  sure we can go back to that if you wish . 
  future is future , when capitalism is not sustainable anymore then and only then you can expect changes . 
  working system ? 
  where does it exist beyond this text ? 
  which is way too long to read by the way . 
  well if you just oppose something without providing an alternative you look like an idiot just saying . 
  with your parties maybe you could vote for another party . 
  when it comes to capitalism you ca n't fucking find another system that works anywhere to even begin thinking about it . 
  but then his own comment would get even more downvotes . 
  i do n't think he will . 
  it was also official language because the other language did n't have a writing system . 
  how will you oppose it ? 
  ban people including yourself to own property and do business ? 
  what a great plan look at these great examples we have of it always working . 
  there is no fucking alternative . 
  it 's like opposing breathing . 
  my guess is you care too much . 
  i go to the store to buy something i need/want and the price is a secondary thing . 
  it 's close enough . 
  the same statistic that you mentioned that says poland is 60 % of eu average says lithuania is 78 % and germany is 106 % . 
  so lithuania is apparently the same as germany , but not the same as poland . 
  food prices is just a non-issue now , no one is starving . 
  how can you not support capitalism . 
  it 's not like there is a choice in the matter . 
  some things like meat and alcohol especially now are indeed cheaper . 
  but this happens everywhere in the eu . 
  danes go to germany , germans go to poland . 
  it was just hyped up , but if you do n't live close to the border it makes no sense . 
  you buy ahead when it 's a sale for non-perishables and other things do n't really matter . 
  food prices is a complete non-issue .
