  who cares , we just need to spend the 2 % . 
  got to buy something other than spoons . 
  that 's the sad reality , you advertise your product as it is , someone is going to lie a little and they will sell more . 
  so everyone lies a little . 
  that 's advertising not cheating . 
  350 million pounds to nhs bus was a neoplan . 
  nah , dacia is veeeery profitable . 
  you should be happy you have it . 
  it 's like your own personal samsung . 
  expensive to us locals . 
  profits go to renault tho . 
  a whole loaf and a slice ? 
  rich . 
  it 's the most insane thing when you hear `` we need more babies to improve economy '' when there are n't enough jobs for current millennials already . 
  i did . 
  there is no graph . 
  there is flow of electricity and production . 
  on flow of electricity you can also clearly see we import nothing from poland . 
  there is no export graph . 
  there is just an arrow of 734mw leading to lithuania straight from sweden . 
  and sweden does n't make that much thermal . 
  we do n't make any nuclear , we do import a lot of it . 
  http://i.imgur.com/zmhomqg.png sweden does n't make enough thermal power to export . 
  41 % of our electricity is from sweden . 
  so yeah ... http://l24.lt/en/economy/item/137432-lithuania-s-electricity-market-prices-rise-on-the-first-heat-wave-in-june, 
   fruits are from multi-year plants . 
  yes like tomatoes . 
  it 's sad how little we can actually do about these jungles without being called hitler or stalin . 
  we have gypsies selling hard drugs in one of these jungles near vilnius and they just never go away no matter what is being done . 
  these people could easily live anywhere in europe , but instead they choose to live like homeless people just to get into uk . 
  this thread just seems very out of place at this moment . 
  i guess if you have a secret recipe or preference you can make it yourself , but not many people have the will to do that . 
  it 's more the fact that less people grow their own food . 
  if you were to buy stuff to prepare for winter you might as well buy the already prepared thing . 
  just the basic things normally . 
  some pickles , some tomatoes . 
  not as much anymore since stores are open in the winter . 
  i also like cherry kompot . 
  it 's fun eating cherries marinated in sugar . 
  tomato is a fruit . 
  potato all winter . 
  summer potatoes are n't very good for cepelinai so when autumn comes cepelinai season begins . 
  also sauerkraut in various forms . 
  why ? 
  summer is over no point in going there during off-season . 
  depends on the sect i guess . 
   simple definition of religion  : the belief in a god or in a group of gods  : an organized system of beliefs , ceremonies , and rules used to worship a god or a group of gods  : an interest , a belief , or an activity that is very important to a person or group i guess you can pull everything in if you really really try . 
   all religions are bad they certainly do n't contribute much good , especially abrahamic ones, 
  buddhism is different since they do n't really care about the god figure . 
  hard to even call it a religion . 
  fundies do n't read the book . 
  you would n't think cuz he was a very good butcher . 
  these guys are literally making money just by being edgy in real life instead of the internet . 
  that 's 2016 . 
  we mostly buy from sweden . 
  which mostly burns nuclear power . 
  some back and forth between poland and lithuania does happen to cover demand holes and business . 
  do n't blame us for poland burning coal . 
  and we did n't choose to close down the nuclear power plant , we were asked to . 
  love the high tech cardboard in the 3rd pic . 
  much cheaper in lithuania . 
  probably partially covered by health insurance . 
  also known as : `` help court i 'm not rich enough '', 
  i do n't think they understood what people were outraged by . 
  that 's new . 
  guess that 's a good sign ? 
  you just pay for it up front . 
  that 's the contract . 
  yeah , but this wo n't help the situation . 
  why would shareholders be trying to put vw under ? 
  oh we have a vacation home now . 
  you could probably buy a castle for what you pay for rent . 
  yes because all priests are/were believers . 
  wait a minute ... 
  key word : village . 
   his beliefs are that neither rape nor a dangerous pregnancy justifies abortion . 
  why does this idiot have any say in this . 
  lithuania is cheaper than germany , also nobody cares and you can almost get by with polish only in vilnius . 
  poland pls staph you 're doing things wrong . 
  or just bad paint job . 
  this is far from accepting , this is accepting the application . 
  like employer reading your cv before hiring . 
  turkey 's application was also accepted , but they could n't be further from eu . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/enlargement/countries/check-current-status/index_en.htm croatia took 9 years to join . 
  we took 5 years to join . 
  [ vehicles fit for 2015 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6svzfhn4ng ), 
  why the s ? 
  as far as he know he actually was . 
  yeah , but simpsons episode was about trump actually becoming one , not just running for it . 
  it did n't seem likely then , it does now . 
  and the writers always say they get the ideas by thinking of the most ridiculous thing that could happen . 
  like trump becoming a president of the us . 
  which are what ? 
   how the average russian is going to handle being quite a bit worse off than the average pole in the coming years . 
  that was already the case for a while . 
  russians living in moscow and saint petersburg are n't average . 
  how and why the fuck does estonia keep getting so far away . 
  working age people do n't have the time to sit at slot machines or just ca n't be bothered , pensioners have all the time in the world . 
  no they win too , unless they are n't finnish . 
  why not , everyone 's a winner .
