  or do you mean how can she leave ? 
  she gets invited by her husband . 
  my uncle is a lithuanian , his wife is russian , she ca n't leave unless he invites her or she buys a vacation abroad , vacation in turkey does n't count too . 
  it 's faaar from free movement . 
  because it used to be like that during ussr times . 
  it would n't be that way anymore if they were n't acting like they still are the same russia . 
  yep . 
  russia is not responsible for invading ukraine or georgia , banning imports from eu or any other things . 
  this is evil nato and us expansion . 
  i mean , to a european this sounds like a joke . 
  russians however swallow this up . 
  when i read the title i was like just now ? 
  honestly , lithuania had high unemployment rate because people straight up cheated the system and worked illegally while getting compensation money . 
  the law was now changed so you only get 3 months of support and you have to keep a job for a while to even qualify to get those 3 months , so waaaay less people can afford to cheat the system . 
  almost everyone i knew who was cheating has a permanent job now since it 's not viable anymore . 
  so it 's not that bad over here . 
  you can get a job easily , if you are capable of working . 
  stores always need people with no skills , truck drivers are always needed . 
  well crimea is currently not a country or a region , it 's a grey area , just like it is on the map . 
  i 'm not really surprised they do n't touch the region . 
  and china would n't take netflix if they gave it to them for free , 
  almost vegan, 
  which one ? 
  hehe . 
  they are both decent . 
  domantas is tearing shit up in ncaa at the moment , he did n't get much play time in eurobasket . 
  how many eggs do you eat ? 
  it would , but this is n't a disease or a condition . 
  http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/cryophile http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/cryophilic, 
  yes . 
  around that . 
  probably more . 
  my father takes 4 boiled eggs to work , he works for two days and then has two free days so ~ 8 eggs a week only for him , but then he eats eggs at home too . 
  boiled egg is only around 70 calories , people somehow think eggs are like steaks . 
  boban marjanovi\u0107 has identical stats and looks similar . 
  he has a basketball school and he is the president of lithuanian basketball federation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_basketball_federation http://www.saboniocentras.lt/, 
  there is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boban_marjanovi%c4%87 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kristaps_porzi%c5%86%c4%a3is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tibor_plei%c3%9f https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walter_tavares just sabonis was exceptional for his size , his passes were godlike . 
  when you see him pass it looks like hes is playing handball not basketball . 
  kind of sad he came into nba so late in his career , not many people saw his golden days . 
  to anyone who wants to know more about sabonis i recommend a documentary the other dream team , you can watch it on youtube , a great movie . 
  my aunt works in the hospital , the amount of those `` healthy '' people that later have pneumonia is pretty sad . 
  they do n't tell you that in the booklet . 
  the only time you could dive into freezing water is after a hot sauna . 
  i still put my eggs in the fridge since it 's the only place that 's consistently dark and cold . 
  but my family keeps them in a closet leading to the basement if we get a big pack of eggs . 
  ( 48 pack ? 
  i think ) i do n't think it makes a difference since they still are okay for like a good month , there is no way you do n't use eggs in a month . 
  just do it , the more people going by baltics the better , hehe . 
  well it is not too bad . 
  if the pain was unbearable you would n't have to wait . 
  if you need some serious help you go to private clinics . 
  you go to state run hospitals only if 1 . 
  you are poor/old . 
  need some bullshit note for your work/school/cops / drivers license . 
  get in an emergency . 
  waiting times are crazy . 
  need to see a family doctor ? 
  well better schedule an appointment two weeks in advance . 
  you get there on time ? 
  wait an hour of four for the doctor to actually accept you . 
  did not make an appointment or you are sick and need a doctor asap ? 
  get in the common line with 10 to 20 pensioners and be ready to wait for the better part of the day . 
  most people choose private clinics if they have a choice . 
  you pay out of the pocket , but there are no bribes , the people care about you and there is toilet paper in the toilets . 
  there is an initiative for people to be able to use their mandatory insurance money in private clinics ( you have to pay health insurance every month , but you can only redeem it in state owned clinics ) , but it keeps getting shut down by our leftie government . 
  strange thing is , that when you calculate the costs private clinics can do the same procedures better and cheaper than state owned clinics . 
  i very much disagree . 
  waiting times are crazy only if you need a procedure that 's extremely uncommon . 
  seeing a family doctor is very easy , you just do n't have to pick the busiest ones of all the doctors . 
  got sick and need to see the doctor for a quick prescription ? 
  come near the end of work hours and tell the receptionist that you are just coming for a quick check , nurses that take the cards recognize it and you do n't have to wait in front of 20 pensioners , they cut you in between or take your card and prescribe something just by your quick description of symptoms . 
  if you have high temperature you do n't have to wait in line either , you get priority . 
  people choose private clinics because we are n't that poor and it is actually faster somewhat , but do n't tell me ** most ** people do that , if they did there would be no lines . 
  paying higher taxes is very much worth it for universal healthcare , if you complain about small things like that then you clearly have n't felt the good things that come from it . 
  think about how you never hear people complain paying massive loans because they got sick or hurt , that 's because we have it . 
  the only thing i do privately is dental work , because it 's cheap enough and definitely faster . 
  also probably higher quality than free , since more skilled specialists work privately . 
  that 's how we manage to keep our good life expectancy numbers in the baltics / s, 
  who makes these numbers up , how does 20 cents per mb make sense to anyone ? 
  lowest temperature ever recorded in finland is -51.5 , heh . 
  yeah that 's not a big deal , the whole planet is radioactive anyway and decaying over millions of years . 
  atmosphere is much easier to damage , we already see the damage we caused . 
  ya my system does n't care about some browser plugin, 
  ublock takes care of ads . 
  chernobyl was old and it was handled like complete shit , but still , people are afraid of the nuke , not a couple of puffs . 
  but it 's not that kind of explosion which people are afraid of . 
  in school 1-5 classes can stay at home if it 's -20 c and 6-12 classes can stay at home if it 's -25 c. 
  if i remember correctly . 
  it ca n't explode , it 's not a nuke . 
  that 's why they say a reactor meltdown , not an explosion . 
  drones are cool things . 
  yeah , but the amount of nuclear waste is tiny in comparison . 
  it works and the other program that i tried did n't work as well , so whatever . 
  how about storage of used up coal ? 
  there is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay more of it and it 's radioactive too . 
  not to mention insane amounts of co2 . 
  because general population are idiots . 
  the joke is that japan is actually restarting their reactors already . 
  swedes and norwegians understand each other somewhat as far as i know .
