  there are propositions constantly , but our politicians have no balls . 
  if it happened no one would give a fuck here . 
  it would be in papers for two days and then everyone would just forget . 
  i wish we moved forward too in this regard ... 
  the same cuts are going down . 
  i have n't ever seen premium cuts in the first place so i ca n't compare them to anything . 
  that 's exactly what i mean , lithuanians do n't buy the cheapest stuff normally . 
  except when they go to poland , then everything goes apparently . 
  do n't bread makers like come with recipes you can make in them ? 
  i also have no idea how a bread maker would go about making rye bread , it takes a while for it to ferment . 
  biggest problem with linux remains the fact that there are way too many distros and barely any computers run linux out of the box . 
  manufacturers often choose to include dos instead of linux ... 
  yeah , i know linux is slow . 
  but seriously , i heard they are making installers for linux soon . 
  which would be hilarious since they spent 15 years fighting against windows style complete installers . 
  yes . 
  but how about manufacturer 's software for copying and scanning ? 
  no linux versions . 
  so yes , the printer would work at it 's basic functionality . 
  that 's why linux is starting to copy windows . 
  but it 's still not going to happen , the drivers are trash , software support is trash . 
  80 % of printers do n't work for shit with linux , how can you use that for business . 
  i mean , i do n't know anyone who would buy some cheap beer because no one i know drinks beer just because of drinking it , you either drink it to enjoy it or not at all . 
  if you want the cheap beer why not settle for the plastic bottles stuff ? 
  also by that reasoning shelves should be full of simple rice and macaroni that fly off the shelves there ... oh they are ... and it costs the same ... 
  is n't a thing as in no one is buying it . 
  that 's why it 's expensive . 
  beef prices are actually going down lately because we started to produce more . 
  that explains why the map is so messed up, 
  incredibly hard to compare . 
  you can find cold smoked a.r. 
  sausage for 6eur/kg and 13eur/kg . 
  even the simplest meats vary in price wildly . 
  but the same thing is happening everywhere . 
  even in poland supermarkets have the same prices , they just battle in the lower end market more and there are more lower end stores . 
  same thing here for a.r. 
  unless you count spices . 
  by definition a.r. 
  sausage has to use meat or fat , mechanically separated meat is not allowed , any substitutes are not allowed . 
  sale campaigns obviously have less of a markup and they make up for it in bulk , but having sales with a loss would just be straight retarded . 
  i still do n't understand your point though . 
  they do n't have a cartel , it 's just that the suppliers are the same on almost all goods and they copy the competition so as to not get left out . 
  if maxima sells bananas at 99 cents iki has to do that too or all of their bananas will just sit there . 
  oh you mean they can buy more because they have higher salaries . 
  well that 's obvious . 
  it 's not related to prices though , it 's just their salaries are higher . 
  you have to understand eu has this thing called common market , the prices are the same everywhere with some variation . 
  wages are n't the same . 
  why do n't you complain about how more expensive services or prepared food are in the uk though ? 
  can you buy a kebab for 2 pounds in london ? 
  groceries in uk cheaper than we have ? 
  are you high ? 
  you have insider knowledge on markup ? 
  or just making shit up ? 
  beef is n't a thing here . 
  no one buys it and it expires in no time so carrying it can be a big loss for the seller , that 's why it 's expensive . 
  beer is n't a necessity , but that 's just because you would n't buy some german beer for the same price . 
  you pay asking price for lithuanian because you want it . 
  if everyone started buying the cheap german one the prices would drop . 
  poland will always be cheaper around that much because of their different currency and taxes . 
  and as you said italy and germany same prices . 
  which countries have noticeably lower prices than we do ? 
  germany ? 
  france ? 
  same prices , all depends on what is on sale that day . 
  not like lithuanians ever buy anything that is n't on sale . 
  we do n't want to increase corporate taxes , we neeeeed business to move forward . 
  and no one has any property worth taxing . 
  vat is good , it 's a percentage , richer people buy more expensive things they pay more vat , it balances out . 
  * also vat brings in money from people who work outside of our country and we have plenty of those . 
  vat is fine . 
  60 % income tax is not going to fly . 
  [ mostly just reduced rates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe ) , but we do taxing differently than america . 
  we do n't `` do our taxes '' at the end of the year . 
  income tax and vat covers it . 
  that 's just bullshit and you 're lying . 
  2.90 eur you ca n't buy bread and some sausage ? 
  0.5 kg bread loaf is 82 cents https://www.barbora.lt/produktai/tamsi-rugine-raikyta-vilniaus-duona-500-g?uzklausa=duona cold smoked sausage 2.60 https://www.barbora.lt/produktai/saltai-rukytas-klasikinis-saliamis-a-r-200-g and there are cheaper versions of both of these things . 
  i was spending 50-60lt when shopping now i spend 15-20 eur . 
  yeah , truck drivers are lithuanian and polish across europe , warehouse workers are lithuanian and polish ... well you get the point . 
  pretty much taxes and different , often lower quality produce . 
  everyone always shouts how meat is cheaper , i mean yeah , remove 16 % of taxes it will get cheaper here too . 
  not the case in lithuania , maxima is as good as you can get , if it 's xx or xxx size . 
  if it 's x size anything goes of course because that 's like village type maxima . 
  i guess they do n't really care about making their brand in other countries just pocket the money . 
  does n't make any sense . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i paid more than 1 euro for 10 eggs , you do n't need to buy some stupid branded eggs . 
  or 1.49 eur for rice ? 
  what ? 
  milk is 66c average in all stores . 
  could n't be bothered to look further because it 's bs . 
  also how the fuck do you compare cheese ? 
  there is good cheese for 6-7 eur and there is cheese product for 4 eur and there is shitty cheese for 5 eur . 
  which one are you picking . 
  yes , but you might have forgotten that the market is the same . 
  why would someone sell a loaf of bread here for 50c when you can sell the same one in germany for 1 eur ? 
  maxima , iki , rimi , norfa , aibe plenty of stores , no cartel , normal prices , delusional people . 
  pretty much nothing is related to euro . 
  it 's related to rising wages and reduced export to russia . 
  our prices are n't any different when compared to other western countries .
