  there are many different tests which test many different things . 
  online tests are mostly raven tests , which are accurate enough , but do n't really tell anything . 
  basic income is enough to live . 
  alaska thing is basically just candy . 
  the fact that the interwar conflict was even a thing definitely contributed to removal of poles . 
  if poles just gave the territory they took back from russians to lithuania during interwar period i doubt the expulsion would have happened , even if it did it would n't have been on the same scale . 
  where did i deny anything ? 
  vilnius was n't inhabited by lithuanians just because russia took it over . 
  actually poles claiming it as their own sparked a movement which led to separation of lithuanian and polish cultures and made lithuanians move back to vilnius after russia took it . 
  we will build a dome and poland will pay for it . 
  they do n't come . 
  in 1931 vilnius was poland . 
  before that it was mostly jews and polish nobility ( which included lithuanian nobility who turned polish ) . 
  and before that it was russia . 
  two surnames which do n't look polish in the whole top 10 list . 
  it 's because during our mingling with poland many people in lithuania did n't even have a surname , so why not pick from existing ones . 
   spanish are dying out , plain and simple , your population will decline , your average age will rise until you fully disappear from the earth without changes . 
  might as well predict the end of the world by the next monday . 
  would hold more weight . 
  do you seriously believe the whole population of spain is going to dissapear just because they are having less babies ? 
  you should have ended the post with the next centuries . 
  then maybe it would have some weight . 
  edit : actually even centuries would be too little . 
  in a thousand years maybe their population would decrease to a couple million . 
  but predicting what happens in a thousand years is a little difficult . 
  dying out would be completely seizing to exist . 
  that is not what is happening and it 's unlikely that could ever happen . 
  population of the whole planet should be decreasing if they manage to solve their problems . 
  it 's just the backwards of industrial revolution , we do n't need as many people on the globe anymore . 
  no they are n't dying out . 
  it 's just that there were far too many people born after the war and they lived longer than ever . 
  spanish are dying out and they population is rising , it 's just magic really . 
  and it was 3 40 years ago , so even if so , less people will be left over after the old people die out overall . 
  the problem is n't going to increase , it just wo n't solve itself in the next 20 years . 
  it will take 50 . 
  it 's counted as births per women in the current year . 
  so no they do n't already count . 
  they counted 30-50 years ago when the birth rate of spain was high . 
  they will rise relatively since old women still count as women , but do n't have babies . 
  what amount of public spending should pensions be ? 
  not to mention , it does n't have to be sustainable . 
  like he said , it will stabilize , so it has to be endurable . 
  that would be a funny joke , but some people actually believe there should be stars there . 
  you can see some stars when the iss is on the dark side of the earth , around 2:05, 
  well there you go , you answered your own question . 
  the answer is no . 
  yes , lovely turnout . 
  when is the referendum again ? 
  yes they do . 
  i mean , they pay you to go there ... 
  it sounds like a particular story involving candy and a vehicle . 
  and you see all . 
  living in norway . 
  experiencing american agression in mcdonald 's . 
  `` communism '' was a title chosen by russians to make their invasion sound less alarming . 
  why do you prefer the russian flavour ? 
  i personally prefer the american . 
  my parents compared the two for me . 
  which is agressive because ? 
  i 'm sure your iphone is n't going to deport your family to alaska . 
  which you never saw , russian aggression was visible to europeans . 
  it still is actually . 
  i know everyone likes horde , but i 'm sure alliance are n't all that bad . 
  it 's like there are 2 free spots and 200 people working in that job position so 2/202 * 100 = 0.99 . 
  greece is just on another level . 
  also people who ran away right after ussr count in that . 
  rural regions do n't really have students who recently finished studies . 
  mostly just old people who do n't need to work anymore or drunks who do n't want to work . 
  the question is if they ca n't get a job that fits their profession or any job at all . 
  over here in lithuania getting a job is basically just walking into any store and telling them you want to work . 
  yup , trains blow over here . 
  or suck ? 
  trump does clean up good, 
  yes . 
  back to front would look like this http://image.prntscr.com/image/38b4d26a38724cc6844c3ae39757d968.png it 's upside down , unless the flag has flipped image on the other side , dunno how uk flag works . 
  yes , but the part where you tie the flag to the pole is on the wrong side . 
  so it is upside down . 
  i mean , it 's not like erdogan does n't have any support . 
  the posters on the windows are not posted by erdogan . 
  i can forgive the bad jokes on the date , but early , just no . 
  early april 's fools jokes just do n't work . 
  even then , latvia somehow gets in the other row when our countries are basically the same . 
  china in the same graph as us . 
  yeah ... 
  somehow i think that index is not quite as reliable . 
  the way he talks does not make the point easy to understand . 
  it just hammers the strong words . 
  he has the famous speech no one understands after all . 
  no he does n't . 
  just read his twitter for a minute he will bring your iq below average real quick . 
  he also speaks like a 12 year old , which could mean he is a genius or ... 
  if r/russia was more active it would be one of the worst subs on the website competing with r/the _ donald, 
  \u0160vyturys ekstra is the champion http://www.lithuanianbeer.co.uk/svyturys-ekstra-wins-a-gold-medal-at-world-beer-cup-2012/ kalnapilis i would guess gets the second place http://www.kalnapilis.lt/beer they have an english page . 
  and third place i would give to volfas engelman http://www.volfasengelman.lt/bravoras/en/products/beer/ if you want to drink piss utenos is for you http://www.utenosalus.lt/paragauk/ that 's pretty much it . 
  yes and then the other half are russians . 
  everyone knows eeeestonians live on the web . 
  revolting, 
  it 's either impressive or funny or pop . 
  fusedmarc is neither . 
  welp , we need to send minedas then , easy win .
