  it will take a while for things to get back to normal after they leave , even if they join with a norway type deal . 
  we would be voting every day before breakfast, 
  he was n't appointed , he was elected by european parliament 422 votes out of 729 . 
  nobody voted is straight up false . 
  so indirectly elected . 
  what . 
  downvotes show the disagreement, 
  norway is n't in eu , but they do everything eu tells them to do anyway . 
  that 's why the exhibit is grumpy . 
  which country elects finance minister ? 
  yes . 
  give weed . 
  yes , you found one exception , a small one too . 
  ca n't have single market unless you follow eu rules . 
  no one has that exception and uk is n't that special . 
  free trade without free movement is n't going to happen . 
  they are resellers , different thing completely . 
  so it will be even more of a hit to eu , but uk wo n't have shit . 
  if trade was to stop overnight . 
  also , is that russia after sanctions or before ? 
  you said eu needs uk more than uk needs eu , simply false . 
  they both need each other , but if you cut the ties in a day uk would literally starve . 
  explain how did eu survive russian sanctions then ? 
  and did manage to find replacement buyers . 
  also i do n't expect trade between eu and uk to stop completely . 
  i just ca n't imagine import surplus ever being good , especially if it 's large . 
  also 6th largest as of today , hehehe . 
  i do n't think you understand that selling things means you have things to sell , if uk is n't going to buy them someone else will , for less maybe , but if uk does n't buy it they wo n't have it , at all . 
  they need imports more than eu needs to export . 
  your bargain is backwards . 
  no they do n't . 
  simply means they will have to sell in other places . 
  sanctions on russia also stopped trade , but eu was hardly hit . 
  since when is import surplus good for any country ? 
  i guess germany is doing terribly now with all those exports . 
  yes , exactly , eu sells more to uk , therefore uk needs eu more , good point . 
  that 's completely different than uniting eu , moving capitals , changing names . 
  not going to happen . 
  if eu unites you will still have the same borders ( or the same lack of borders ), 
  merkel was strongly against brexit . 
  just wondering , is reddit not blocked in china ? 
   unelected masters in bruxellese not again with this meme, 
  it plunges on leave vote , ca n't imagine what will happen once uk actually states that it is leaving . 
  it is very dependant . 
  after all they are in europe and they joined it because uk was n't doing well outside . 
  good because that would be stupid . 
  so they want to be in eu but have no say in it . 
  i never said 50 % were deported . 
  he said nazi 's had a plan of exterminating 50 % , russians were already exterminating , just no one was sure how many they will take . 
  taxes are oppression ? 
  jeez , i guess all of the west is oppressed . 
  poor tax dodging greeks . 
   you people do n't care for each other as europeans ( greece , germany ) what does that mean ? 
  germany bailed greece out . 
  deportations sure looked like extermination at that point , just decided to use people as slaves before throwing out . 
  gulag was certainly a death sentence . 
  [ well , uh ... ] ( http://static.nautil.us/267_eda80a3d5b344bc40f3bc04f65b7a357.jpg ), 
  economists agree with what obama said . 
  most countries will hold on with trade deals until uk sorts things out with the rest of europe . 
  why ? 
  many grazing animals have pupils like that . 
  can literally see behind themselves . 
  you never know . 
  how about a pressure cooker ? 
  you can try . 
  logic is that you bite the hand that 's holding you . 
  if another hand catches you , you bite that one . 
  russians actually did that . 
  not sure what their plan was . 
   on the side of the nazis ... choosing one conqueror over another . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend but not really . 
  nazis did help in the beginning , but then they realized they fucked up and were n't actually on the same side . 
   unlike estonia and latvia where the germans conscripted the local population into military formations within waffen-ss , lithuania never had its own waffen-ss division . 
  in 1944 the nazi authorities had created an ill-equipped but 20,000-strong `` lithuanian territorial defense force '' under general povilas plechavi\u010dius to combat soviet partisans led by antanas snie\u010dkus . 
  the germans , however , quickly came to see this force as a nationalist threat to their occupation regime . 
  the senior staff were arrested on may 15 , 1944 , with general plechavi\u010dius being deported to the concentration camp in salaspils , latvia . 
  however , approximately half of the remaining forces formed guerrilla units and dissolved into the countryside in preparation for partisan operations against the red army as the eastern front approached . 
  simply no match , but they did try https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_partisans, 
  that 's not too bad . 
  would have expected more . 
  does it taste good ? 
   dumb logic . 
  as expected . 
   ** they do n't dislike how it 's run . 
  **  ** hence why no government wants to leave . 
  **  is that too hard for you to understand ? 
  uk government does n't want to leave . 
  their pm is campaigning remain . 
  why do n't we ? 
  yes , china/india have boomed during that . 
  not surprising . 
  yes , but they still have free movement and can enter schengen just have to cross the border . 
  getting into schengen would need the paperwork . 
  that 's the point they are making . 
  rewatch the video . 
  security of the country is not for average person to figure out . 
  last top gear episode was alright in my opinion . 
  felt less awkward . 
  my guess is they felt bad about giving them a word with siesiems at the end . 
  every rainbow is more than half a circle .
