  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian_war ), 
  lithuania did n't exist at all in 1917 . 
  what do you mean , you posted the picture that explained it clearly . 
  russia has had us occupied all the time while finns were gaining ground . 
  it should be rather impressive how far ahead we managed to get of russia in between wars . 
  well , duh . 
  russia has had us occupied then too , we only broke out between wars so still in ruins only 20 or so years to recover . 
  baltic states were the richest in ussr though and are the richest out of the ones that left ussr too . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/09/-sp-profiles-post-soviet-states is n't even close . 
  there is an arrow at the bottom of the screen , you can click it . 
  you can also click those small circles on the side of the screen or you can tab to them and press enter . 
  that username tho, 
  iiiiiiiiiiiiisland ? 
  how the hell does a carpet survive that . 
  ` lahe ' means ` cool ' . 
  that guy who posted it has had an account for 7 years and all he said is ` cool ' . 
  russian cigarettes are nasty though , noticeably worse . 
  it 's winter , not that many activities during winter . 
  why not islaaaaaaaaaaaaand ? 
  except this is n't news really . 
  not really since most other countries do not live underwater so driving is easier . 
  netherlands and belgium look infected . 
  but we would get dat weed, 
  couple of reasons would be : more than one person using the internet in the household , you have a desktop pc , you want to watch 4k youtube with no loading . 
  finally australia is getting fiber . 
  i never understood why it was so hard in the first place , you live like in two cities down there . 
  there is no such thing as guaranteed speed . 
  if you say up to 100 you better fucking deliver 100 99 % of the time because there are 3 or 4 more isps waiting behind the door for you to buy from them . 
  competition is fierce and that 's why it 's so cheap and fast . 
  we really do . 
  everyone calls it olandija in non formal speech . 
  just like everyone calls uk anglija ( or london for giggles ) . 
  everyone in that video is so sad . 
  it 's not like it happened yesterday : /, 
  also russian was n't the main language in the baltics . 
  at least not in the 80s . 
  ha , well , were n't hard to get , but still cost like 5 years of your salary . 
  australia of europe . 
  yes , 80s is when boom happened . 
  i never said they were bad , they were actually better feature wise , i said quality dropped , from tanks to normal fridges . 
  my grandma had minsk fridge that actually outlasted her . 
  i am talking about clothes . 
  used cars or new cars ? 
  used cars did n't need a permit . 
  my family had many cars too , but only one new . 
  there were some imported goods from the west , so smugglers mostly smuggled those things that were legally imported too . 
  that way it was impossible to tell clearly . 
  so he bought used cars then . 
  used cars were n't hard to get . 
  new ones were hard . 
  because they were straight up redrawn from the west . 
  you have to keep an image for the rest of the world after all . 
  yes , but you said lines , petrov said `` lines '' . 
  you confused me . 
  baltics ussr elite . 
  that 's not even a line then :d, 
  they had this magazine called soviet union woman ( tarybin\u0117 moteris ) , they had a section for `` soviet style '' . 
  which were full of blatant copies of how western women dressed at the time , of course you could n't buy those things anywhere , they were just shown there . 
  it really is n't . 
  just feminists became so crazy recently people started calling them out on it and now everyone is sexist . 
  in terms of food best line was from the back of the store . 
  ~ ~ most new ladas . 
  this is a 70 's car we are talking about . ~ ~ nevermind , it has front disks . 
  but they are awful . 
  i have driven it . 
  it 's not fun at all . 
  no power , hard to steer , all four drum brakes suck so much you have to start braking two hours before you decide you want to stop . 
  it 's a great pain . 
  no power steering and the wheel is so thin it cuts through your arms . 
  i prefer the impreza we have that my dad drives in local autocross club . 
  way better . 
  i 'm not old enough , but my parents are . 
  some things were really overbuilt since there was no such thing as profits so they lasted a long time , even to this day . 
  others were awful quality because technology just was n't there . 
  for example refurbished car tyres barely lasted one season ( new ones either were impossible to find at all or were extremely expensive ) , with very little driving , you can imagine people did n't drive 30k in one year back then . 
  some clothes were really high quality , others were awful . 
  there were no fridges even in stores , not even talking about homes , so icecream only was available when an icecream truck visited . 
  near the end of ussr fridges and stuff became more available , but quality dropped too since people were actually allowed to sell stuff for profit . 
  oh it works , it 's road legal and has insurance . 
  but the amount of fuel it consumes makes it not fun . 
  also no winter tyres . 
  they gave allowances , you just had to wait , the waiting line was so long you basically had to be a worker that had priority or something to get it in a reasonable amount of time . 
  in my whole family that i know only one person bought a new lada , she was teaching russian language in school . 
  we still have that same lada today , no one drives it , but it 's there . 
  yeah and now there is no equality at all . 
  women are chained in our kitchens . 
  strange , i guess they were talking shit to me then . 
  disclaimer : you can only buy a car if you apply for an allowance a year up front and your car will be delivered about 5 years after you bought it . 
  i agree . 
  it 's stupid as hell , especially because hashtags are n't at all popular here . 
  they are only used as a joke . 
  it 's not like russia is some unstable 3rd world country or ran by dictatorship , they should have worked out a travel agreement long time ago . 
  this type of neglect feels very much like an attempt to restrict travel to me . 
  no it was n't . 
  i just followed up the links with additional info . 
  that 's exactly the point , russia is still messed up when it comes to travelling . 
  i never compared it to soviet union . 
  yes , a normal visa , which you ca n't get without an invitation or vacation plans , that 's not a normal visa . 
  normal visa should be possible to get without any reason . 
  has a store which sells second hand clothes and works there too .
