  slav-squatting is not a meme , it 's real, 
  it 's fake nude, 
  also the difference is massive . 
  you use more fuel , they wear more quickly , the noise is unbearable . 
  but i guess if you only drive to and from work 10km a day it does n't really matter . 
  actually he is correct . 
  the only english speaking countries in eu are currently uk and ireland so one of the official languages of eu is british english . 
  we should be typing tyres . 
  you can hear the difference between non-studded winter tyres and summer tyres too , they howl once you get up to speed because of the amount of angular grooves . 
  but that 's only really heard inside the car . 
  i mean , have you seen malta 's performance ? 
  i wish you made it less shit though . 
  it 's okay , but could have been better . 
  when does grass even have time to grow in finland ? 
  oh yeah , studs do too , but much less . 
  studded tyres suck if you drive long distances at high speeds , it 's just pain for your head . 
  nah that 's a summer tyre for sure . 
  something bridgestone , since i can see bridgestone logo on the winter one , probably older model , but looks very similar to this one . 
  http://www.bridgestonetire.com/tire/dueler-hp-sport?t=1463501394987 https://www.google.lt/search?q=bridgestone+all+season&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=965&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjd3q2i6ohmahxckcwkhffpclmq_auibigb nothing similar on the all season, 
  you really can . 
  a new winter tyre has massive grooves , way deeper than new summer tyres . 
  also the pattern is often much more pronounced . 
  mostly the difference is in rubber , winter tyres are softer so they reach the working temperature faster . 
  https://i.ytimg.com/vi/5dk1oattx8y/maxresdefault.jpg this is a pretty good image . 
  the audi video also shows how the patterning works . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlmwf5wr-us all these things are amazing in winter , but winter tyres would barely hold up a season in the summer because of the design , while summer tyres would suck for a long time in the winter . 
  yeah , but all-seasons are below average in the summer too . 
  chains limit speed , take time , damage roads . 
  only used in extreme hills and stuff . 
  drowned in their own poop , the pipe to the baltic sea clogged . 
  lithuania is n't that hilly , but the population is very spread out and we have many narrow small roads . 
  also we really do have snow for a couple months . 
  scooters have cvt not automatic . 
   round somewhat  black somewhat  hold air somewhat, 
  they are mandatory , but m+s all season tyres are allowed which means first week there is snow you can expect every intersection to have a crash on it . 
  lithuania : putin , merkel , obama , kim jong-un , lukashenko . 
  you can always unreddit . 
  yeah , you stole their football players . 
  lietuvi\u0173 , like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_25ruwrt2gs, 
  vlkk is what is going to kill lithuanian language in the long run . 
  that 's not true at all . 
   kuku radio a radio station ? 
  almost like lithuanian grammar , very simple and very few exceptions . 
   the aborted fetuses looks like a little child with their hands , heads being cut off . 
  full of blood , it 's very gross and sad if you could imagine this fetus had in his gene programmed his life , hobby and love . 
  that 's veeery far into development . 
   had in his gene programmed his life , hobby and love . 
  and that 's just ridiculous  they do n't always work . 
  also if i 'm not mistaken these are illegal in poland . 
  does n't matter if they do n't always work , that 's why there are professionals called doctors who can test if it worked or not . 
  abortion is illegal in poland so i would imagine . 
  there are after night pills and there are the real stuff pills . 
  i do n't really know how a live fetus looks either , i imagine pretty gross . 
   abortion can be carried out only if the fetus is big enough to be found and killed . 
  well you just proved yourself to be clueless . 
  if you ca n't even see the fetus abortion is by far the easiest , just some pills . 
  if it 's all in percentages it would work okay-ish , you could make it work . 
  well , tesla powerwall is going to beat the lg chem unit in price/capacity . 
  this nissan thing is just crap . 
  that 's terrible . 
  lg chem has been making a larger capacity one for less for a long time now . 
  surprisingly water does n't treat burns very well . 
  except we would like to buy the same things as you do . 
  a phone costs the same , a computer costs the same , a car costs the same . 
  the only things that are differently priced are local things like housing and food ( somewhat ) . 
  i 've been on fire twice hanging near a bbq already so that 's not the best example for me . 
  the barrel of fire still seems silly af . 
  especially with slippery water and beer involved . 
  not massive ones like that . 
  the tiny bubbles that form around the vessel you are boiling water on happen are because the surface of the vessel is at or above boiling temperature so thin layer of water starts to boil around the edge . 
  if you were to mix it a little bit the bubbles would disappear . 
  lol . 
  that only happens when the water is near a boil , you would n't want that in a jacuzzi . 
  basically twitch chat tutorial . 
  that 's what i got from all that video . 
  they show it 's 30c , bubbles are from the yellow hose . 
  how exactly does a barrel of logs on fire cause bubbles ? 
  i see a hose which is probably run by a compressor , now that would cause some bubbles , not to mention there are clear shots of the fire burning with no bubbles . 
  what is the fire for , do people not have hot water taps in netherlands ? 
  how is uk giving 12 points to lithuania ? 
  it 's a second largest minority , it gets 3rd place in voting , how surprising is that ? 
  yes . 
  second largest minority . 
  first largest is sweden . 
  so let 's see how finland voted . 
  ukraine 2 . 
  sweden 3 . 
  russia surprising, 
  except there was no 1 jury , there were 42 juries . 
  hitting groin is banned , heel kicks to kidney area are banned , kicking grounded opponent is banned , attacking back of the head is banned . 
  ufc has even more rules . 
  most of russias votes come from russian emigrants in other countries , also not a fair vote for the song . 
  you think finns or lithuanians or georgians love russia so much to give 8 points each ? 
  if you hate corruption you would love russia . 
  wait ... 
  no i 'm not confusing anything . 
  mma is n't without rules . 
  true russians live abroad . 
  it is known . 
  that 's why mma has a billion rules about where and how you can kick .
