  especially when we baltics get locked from eu and are forced to play games in russian servers . 
  recent examples dirty bomb and black desert online . 
  those companies are blocking eu countries from playing in eu servers . 
  retarded . 
  i get shipping and selling things , slightly more complicated , but online game ? 
  give me a break . 
  everyone hates roma . 
  for a reason . 
  romanians get hurt because of that . 
  arabs equals muslims equals isis ( i mean it 's a poll , what do you expect ) . 
  old people still think jews are communists because the propaganda was pointing at that and it still sticks around to this day . 
  then holocaust happened and sure it was awful , but jews kept playing victims for too long after ww2 so it backfired into more hate . 
  it 's not really hate anymore . 
  it 's more like `` i do n't care about your shit go away '' . 
  look at the dislike bar not the like bar . 
  okay that 's just the most retarded thing i have read on the internet today . 
  let 's just do the cold war again, 
  you are too poor for estonia though . 
  the further you move electricity the more of it you lose . 
  also it 's not per-country basis . 
  electricity trading is common place . 
  baltics are buying many electricities from sweden and finland . 
   now you 're just refusing to consider any alternatives . 
  no , i 'm not , i am looking at it realistically , if you want industry to do something there has to be an advantage of some kind . 
  sure there are businesses that try to go green like elon musk with his gigafactory , but you have to realize how much money they are losing by doing so . 
  ( also building it in a desert with shitload of sun ), 
  swiss flag is square . 
  it 's just how they roll . 
   trade over larger areas are you kidding on that one ? 
  the market is as global as it 's going to get . 
   solar panels go on roofs never going to be enough and just going to be hella expensive . 
  you ca n't force industry to switch towards solar by demanding everyone to put panels on their roof , or you can subsidize ( billions of moneys ) , but then again , unreliability of solar will require storage and you will still have to produce electricity in fossil/nuclear plants to not have downtime . 
  energy storage is not viable yet , there is no method that can store energy . 
  define harmful ? 
  harmful if swallowed ? 
  or harmful if 1000m under ground ? 
  it looks like you take a lot of pictures for top gear with those filters . 
  yes , they also fish a lot . 
  iceland does n't do anything else other than smelting aluminum and it 's still not in the top 10 . 
   according to statistics iceland the total electricity consumption was 7,958 gwh in 2002 , 11,480 gwh in 2007 , and 17,068 gwh in 2012 . http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/electricity_production,_consumption_and_market_overview, 
  `` all those '' they do run a considerable amount , but ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_aluminium_production, 
  i do n't really buy smoked sausage , but sure . 
  i prefer dried and that 's higher quality in maxima , most of the time . 
  maxima sells meat pretty cheap too . 
  i often see 1.99 eur chicken from vp and kp and chicken legs are always around 1.99 . 
  not to mention vacuum packed pork for around 2.5-3 eur all the time . 
  fuel is the same price . 
  yeah , so ? 
  i checked the prices , best deal for chicken was around 1.5 euro in poland , my local cesta has chicken for 1.99 all the time and often has sales for 1.59-1 .69 . 
  how much chicken do you need to buy for it to be worth the trip ? 
  then you ca n't carry enough stuff to be worth even the time of going there . 
  it 's a bullshitstorm . 
  save 10 % on food spend 50 % more on fuel . 
  lithuania is n't far , hehe, 
  there are no viable ways at the moment and that 's why they are n't used . 
  there are plenty of ideas of course , compress air , move water , use batteries ( lol ) , but those ideas are n't in practice , to get industry to move towards something as big as that it will take you another two decades of choking on coal . 
  norway 's industry is not comparable to poland or germany . 
  also they have a shitload of rivers . 
  it 's not viable . 
  we already use this method , far too little power can be stored this way . 
  same thousands of people are working on nuclear , but that 's somehow ignored because they are all incompetent for some reason . 
  waste only needs safeguarding for two decades later it 's pretty much as dangerous as the uranium you dug up from the same mine in the first place . 
  yes it is . 
  but germans decided to shut down good power plants so yeah . 
   outstrips available funds by $ 120bn  the sum breaks down into $ 123bn for the decommissioning of old reactors that 's like driving with a hole in your petrol tank and complaining to the manufacturer that your car is n't efficient . 
  issue with renewables is not peak power output . 
  issue is consistency . 
  gas turbines are needed for peak now since you ca n't adjust every big power plant to meet demand . 
  if we try to switch to fully renewables with gas turbines the gas turbines will need to run 24/7 . 
  simple ? 
  can you propose a simple way to store energy ? 
  because industry needs to keep going when there is no sun and wind . 
  also look how much space you would need to take up with solar powers to compete with coal and nuclear . 
  until you start choking on smog like china and poland . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  just every single renewable except water is unreliable , water is not powerful enough for industry not to mention how many rivers you would have to destroy to get more power . 
  solar needs huge farms is unreliable , wind needs huge farms and is even more unreliable . 
  industry needs reliability , sometimes even 24/7 power . 
  we could maybe move all eu 's industry to iceland and use geothermal power . 
  i am not talking about chernobyl though ? 
  i said what could eu learn from fukushima . 
  we learned a shitload from chernobyl that 's why current gen reactors pretty much function on their own . 
   people also said that after tsjernobyl , that it could n't happen in capitalist countries , only by communist fuckups . 
  it has n't happened yet ? 
  fukushima was caused by a massive natural disaster that did far more damage than the actual nuclear plant malfunction . 
  elaborate ? 
  renewables ca n't make enough power for industry and if we switch to electric vehicles we will need even more power . 
  what could eu possibly learn from fukushima , no earthquakes and no tsunamis here . 
  germany maybe noticed how idiotic the shut down of every plant was and thats about it . 
  and women made it mandatory ? 
  i do n't smoke things from my cleaning closet , that 's the main difference i can see . 
  yes , other than prices increasing and wages staying the same it 's pretty much the same . 
  fine for not doing so is 2-8 eur . 
  but the discussion to get this removed happens like every year . 
  since its kinda stupid . 
  all baltic countries have similar festivals . 
  old people remember not better living conditions , but being younger , that 's what they are nostalgic towards . 
  it 's also how canadians like their fries . 
  growing up poor is not the cause . 
  education is free for everyone .
