  how are people making 750 euro living in poverty ? 
  what kind of definition of poverty do you have ? 
  only one car and apartment ? 
  not enough money for a summer home ? 
  young people will always make less than the average in every country ever . 
  and we are n't talking about specialists and people with skills . 
  we are talking about people in poverty . 
  found an apartment in vilnius for 250 in 5 seconds . 
  650 is barely above minimum wage now . 
  you know minimum is 380 ? 
  also we are n't fucking talking about skilled workers like doctors . 
  if you 're a fucking doctor of course you 're going to make more in other countries . 
  sure . 
  look where there are larger factories or farms . 
  they always need workers with no skills to do something . 
  if you 're making minimal wage in vilnius you do n't have much to lose . 
  as if you move to sweden and you 're suddenly going to make enough to live in the capital city . 
  you 're going to live in a room with 3 more people and pretend it 's better . 
  having no money for your hobby means shitty life but it 's not poverty . 
  not to mention if you 're making minimal wage for a long time you should consider getting some kind of skills or qualifications . 
  ( unless you chose to become a teacher ), 
  you are calculating in major city prices . 
  if you ca n't get a normal job and live on a minimal wage in the apartment in a major city , sell it and move to smaller cities . 
  you are not supposed to be able to live in the major city if you make minimal wage . 
  it 's supposed to guarantee the minimum required living conditions . 
  which it does . 
  minimal wage in a small city or village is plenty of money to live . 
  if you 're working for a minimal wage in the capital and pay all your money for rent you 're doing the life thing wrong . 
   everyone working for minimum wage is living in poverty . 
  according to mrbla . 
  wait so every emigrant was living in poverty now as well ? 
  that you imagined . 
  in poverty . 
  many . 
  working people . 
  imaginary statistics ? 
  they are n't . 
  at least it does n't count . 
  do n't rent an apartment in the capital if you 're getting mimimum wage . 
  it 's not possible to be in poverty while working even on minimum wage . 
  you mean people at risk of poverty . 
  not bad . 
  and then norfa beat them at their own game . 
  the hype died off . 
  it was strong in the first days since the prices were made very low . 
  we do n't have a word for benevolent . 
  might be that others do n't too . 
  same does n't load for me either . 
  still mostly a can on wheels . 
  comparing mondeo with other vehicles in class it 's clearly the cheapest inside . 
  especially the sound dampening . 
  most people just assume the moscow area is russia . 
  which is similar to europe . 
   there is no turning back from this i ca n't even take you seriously with statements like these . 
   the middle class has to bear most of the tax burden , the rich pay shit , the poor pay more than in developed countries . 
  that 's how it is in every free market country . 
  rich can pay people to find a way to not pay taxes . 
  in your imagination it seems that people living off pensions are starving in the streets . 
  the boat is n't sinking , the holes just have n't all been fixed yet after ussr made it full of holes . 
  our economy is still no match for the west and that 's why people are leaving . 
   it seems that there 's not much of a democracy as well . 
  we elected idiots by voting for idiots , it seems that it works well enough . 
  so do many , which exactly ? 
  rt is not a public broadcaster , it 's completely under government control . 
  you ca n't even compare the two . 
  my great-uncle who watches only russian news . 
  those muricans are invading us . 
  usa does n't really care about licenses . 
  i think the supreme court ruled that you do n't actually need a license to drive . 
  https://wearechange.org/u-s-supreme-court-says-no-license-necessary-to-drive-automobile-on-public-highwaysstreets/ if you do n't need a license to drive how can they ban you from driving after being caught drunk . 
  lithuanians were never forced away , at least in the history that exists for that region . 
  if he has alternate history somewhere then okay . 
   a 2004 analysis of mtdna in a lithuanian population revealed that lithuanians are close to both indo-european and uralic-speaking populations of northern europe . 
  y-chromosome snp haplogroup analysis showed lithuanians to be closest to balts , russians , belarusians and finnish people . 
  autosomal snp analysis situates lithuanians most proximal to latvians , followed by the east slavs , furthermore , all slavic peoples and germans are situated more proximal to lithuanians than finns and northern russians . 
  [ 30 ] zero asian, 
  even a brand new dacia is still about 8000 euros completely bare of any comfort and most people do n't buy a car for even 8000 . 
  5000 is the upper limit . 
  yes , of course . 
  it 's always not that . 
  it 's some other thing . 
  if you google torrents and go to torrentfreak result `` top 10 of the most popular torrent sites '' it 's top 3 . 
  i think it 's getting enough advertisement . 
  rarbg is good now . 
  you would have to leave about now . 
  before any attack happens . 
  and you never would . 
  being a part of nato is n't a public decision afaik . 
  who cares what they think ? 
  if russia attacks a nato country they pretty much have to come . 
  sprats is definitely from the baltic sea . 
  it adds to the flavour . 
  `` known from the gospel '' yeah , i 'm gon na have to dismiss that since gospel does n't seem all that reliable . 
  but yeah it 's a religious thing that makes little sense . 
  we like fish . 
  herring , mackerel , sprats , tuna , salmon , carp , everything goes . 
  also some religious people ca n't eat meat on some days apparently and fish does n't count . 
  do n't ask me why that 's the case . 
  no you would n't be fine . 
  russians publish online games .
