  it 's much clearer if you stick to one way of writting it . 
  either 06-11-2016 or 2016-11-06 , the standard currently is the latter one . 
  the government is the people , norway and germany are n't dictatorships . 
  religion explanation makes sense , they are the legendary cock blockers . 
   businesses do n't really care as other countries show that business only gets spread out to 7 days and there is not more money to be made . 
  they would only have to hire more people and pay them sunday premiums . 
  if it was n't profitable they would n't be open on sundays . 
  workers have the right to not work in a general store . 
  my father is a milk truck driver , he has to wake up at 5am on a sunday in the middle of the winter and drive hundreds of kilometers to collect the morning milk from cows , maybe we should outlaw cows from making milk on sundays . 
  hah , a joke about americans being stupid from an american , the irony . 
  the way he wrote the date is stupid as well . 
  adopt iso people , get with the times . 
  is it against the law in germany and norway ? 
  in my opinion if stores find it profitable to work on sundays and people go on sundays what is the fucking problem ? 
  especially if it 's a law , who the fuck are you to cock block businesses like that . 
  it 's 14 in germany . 
  not really . 
  every company in the world does this to some extent . 
  yeah , because that has a chance of happening . 
  this is not star trek . 
  another person not realizing how well germany is doing in the grand scheme of things . 
  do n't blame refugees entirely on merkel . 
  edit : woops apparently he is not even german . 
  we got snow over here in roki\u0161kis , not much , but some . 
  yes they care , his job is probably not reliant on being in the office all day . 
  or it 's his office . 
  the thing with catholic church is that there is no escape button . 
  you get christened by your parents and you 're christian for life . 
  depends on the year . 
  it 's rare to get that much snow , more often it 's wet snow that does n't last through the day . 
  tl ; dr : you can easily understand which region the speaker is from if they are n't trying to hide it . 
  you can even tell the city they 're from sometimes . 
  ( people from marijampol\u0117 , \u0160iauliai , ignalina , paneve\u017eys all have very distinct dialect ) samogitians almost never speak samogitian unless it 's in their own family . 
  but even when they try to speak `` standard lithuanian '' some words come out differently . 
  did n't feel like it since you mentioned just standing there . 
  so you did n't do the changing then ? 
  it 's still legal to drive on summer tires till 11th of november here ( or 10th ) . 
  so a week , but i changed mine few weeks ago . 
  snow is all nice to look at until it starts melting and then you only see what 's below your feet because you 're avoiding puddles and then snow becomes nasty real quick . 
  pagan traditions are way older than 609ad . 
  i still do n't understand why pope has any say in anything , what are his qualifications ? 
  he 's just an older than average priest . 
  why would you make a separate post, 
  chemical weapons are too nasty ? 
  lychees are rare here as well , but we do eat them when they 're in season . 
  mango is also very good . 
  this is a pagan tradition in the first place . 
  it 's the boring version of halloween . 
  also used to be pagan , but church stamped their stamp and now it 's called all saints ' day instead . 
  e does n't work on your keyboard ? 
  i bet someone tried it . 
  it would n't make much of a difference than just drinking it and drinking is way easier , especially once you get drunk . 
  also once you go down that low you start drinking shit that is n't close to pure ethanol ( like shitty perfume , yes people did that ) and injecting shit is n't very safe even for drugies . 
  i thought it was a giant mountain ? 
  yeah , but norway is grey and switzerland is white . 
  clearly some discrimination is going on . 
  we must . 
  caffeine as well . 
  well done , europe is a better place without all those hard drugs floating around the streets . 
  that 's just money things and old wealthy men outnumber old wealthy women . 
  voting for a female just because she is a female is sexist as well . 
  the only thing that matters is if the person is fit for the job . 
  sounds more elaborate than the flat earth conspiracies , but i guess it could work . 
  you would need to start from childhood i think . 
  trump 's parents must be clinton shills . 
  what was rigged for clinton ? 
  the debates where trump made half of the world laugh with the things he said ? 
  it was so close before the debates . 
  not saying clinton is any better , i think they are both awful , especially for a country where president holds that much power . 
  but hey , main brexiters also did n't say many things that made sense and all proved to be complete douchebags by jumping ship as soon as they won . 
   just saying it makes it that much sweeter hearing people like you cry because your globalist dream without independent sovereign states will soon come crashing down . 
  a trump presidency will also make it that much sweeter . 
  nice prediction . 
  where did you pull that one from ? 
  trump winning is getting more unlikely than brexit vote ever was , what will you say if hillary wins ? 
  potato , pork , bacon , onion , sour cream . 
  it 's the making process that makes the dish , not the ingredients . 
  nothing should be green on a plate with cepelinai . 
  it 's blasphemy . 
  i agree , i just said huffpost probably thought it 's just dumplings . 
  yep , i agree . 
  cepelinai is also not very interesting . 
  i would make \u0160altibar\u0161\u010diai the first one , but it 's too weird for muricans , i bet . 
  well there we go , something resembling a dish . 
  pierogi is just dumplings though , different slightly , but most of the world eats dumpings of some sort . 
  this list focuses on things that are more unique . 
  they get to use more delicate and more ingredients overall like herbs and fresh vegetables , the colder it is the more basic it gets because fresh things do n't keep as long . 
  if you notice the colder regions it 's all stews and meat dishes . 
  not to say the colder regions do n't cook more interesting dishes in the summer , just that it 's no surprise the cold season dishes became national dishes . 
  you do n't have any fish dishes ? 
  close to the sea , big ports ? 
  good thing they did n't use the awful picture that is on wikipedia . 
  ~ ~ i do n't get how it 's still not changed . ~ ~ edit : nevermind , it has changed . 
  i mean this abomination https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:cepelinai_sauce.jpg, 
  gee that 's late . 
  only paksas would have tried , but he did n't last very long . 
  i do n't think people on the left are the ones who like russia . 
  trump and trump supporters think russia did n't do nuthin . 
  atleast not all of them . 
  was before adidas was a thing in russia .
