  competition will drive price down eventually . 
  unless you mean why would n't all the markets collude and keep selling at the same huge profits margins . 
  then nothing . 
  except the laws that are in place to protect against artificial price inflation . 
  they do n't pay vat . 
  you pay vat . 
  why would they keep profit margins the same ? 
  that 's how free market operates . 
  competition . 
  vat is added after everyone has already made profit . 
  if you mean that sellers would try to milk more profit out of it then yes , maybe . 
  but assuming they keep the same profit margins the prices would go down . 
  because the competitor store next to it will lower the price and they wo n't sell as much . 
  https://www.lidl.lt/lt/akcijos-36.htm?articleid=237 if anything it 's cheap . 
  what ? 
  it directly impacts the price for the consumer . 
  you pay vat . 
  not the seller . 
  it only appears to be this way outside lithuania . 
  write complaints 24/7 . 
  maxima already has cheese months . 
  plenty of cheeses . 
  vikonda many years ago . 
  there was a ton of hype , a concert at the opening with fireworks and stuff . 
  and then it died . 
  well , check back in a year to see how it looks when it 's not brand new . 
  this particular one is in klaip\u0117da , germans like visiting there . 
  and if it 's dead by then i 'm sure akropolis in klaip\u0117da will survive , that location is hard to beat . 
  yes , definitely not the front . 
  tell them to fix rimi over here instead of putting `` this product is unavailable '' stickers everywhere you look . 
  also ica frozen pizzas - not a fan . 
  rimi is n't the shit store as much as it 's unpredictable . 
  my local rimi is total crap , but a bigger one further away is okay . 
   the lidl in the pics looks really big/spacious though well lidl opened only large stores in main cities so far so that 's expected . 
  no such word . 
  the whole advert traslates into : `` join us . 
  something impressive is coming . '', 
  also has a sport club/school . 
  at the moment yes . 
  but it 's hard to tell , it might be just an opening sale to attract people . 
  well latvian is fucked what can you do . 
  but i can figure out a latvian menu at a restaurant most of the time . 
  nothing free . 
  but many things cheaper . 
  will have to see if this stays after the opening week . 
  bottle return at the front of the store is always a mistake . 
  they get that nasty old beer smell in no time . 
  `` join us '' is the actual translation . 
  for those wondering . 
   they have for example an american week where they sell stuff you do n't cant find in europe that easily , like twinkies and salisbury stakes . 
  this week is french week , here 's an online brochure that they spam all the apartment buildings with . 
  that 's nice , hopefully they do that here too . 
  people watching the people are just waiting . 
  the security bottle-necked the entrance so there is no trampling inside they only let in a set amount of people at a time . 
  maxima , rimi . 
  maxima , rimi and iki are supermakets that offer slightly above average service , like prepared salads , locally baked breads , meat sections . 
  norfa is the budget place where everything is piled straight from the truck and it 's cheap . 
  agreed . 
  real baltic . 
  lidl would n't be able to compete with maxima , rimi and iki if they did n't try to offer similar service . 
  norfa is already seen as the budget villagers option . 
  until they run out of countries . 
  nah , this is just profit `` tumbling '' , they fixed the issues which cost money . 
  volkswagen is just too good for market to care about some emissions scandal . 
  but it really was . 
  or what are you saying ? 
  do you know how nascar was born ? 
  alcohol was criminalized many times already , it did n't have a very good effect . 
  more illegal things , more illegal money , less taxes . 
  you mean everyone is a druggie like in netherlands now ? 
   all they do is support hardcore drug dealers with the way the law is agreed , weed should n't be illegal . 
  it 's illegal , but having up to 5g of canabbis gives you the minimum fine so basically anyone who has any sense does n't have much to worry about . 
  you still do n't have black desert online , have to play on russian servers with russian language , no choice of language . 
  the client is all in russian too . 
  it 's just glorious . 
  or korean servers , can play on korean servers . 
  nasa does n't enjoy canceling projects . 
  us congress likes doing that for them . 
  on no server . 
  latvia and lithuania are blocked , estonia is n't . 
  just to make things make less sense . 
  yes . 
  and i ca n't play black desert online or dirty bomb on european servers even if i live in lithuania . 
  yeah it 's warm and sunny now , good time . 
  edit : two letters ... 
  they are n't blowing , but they certainly are fundamentalists , just because their beliefs are more or less harmless does n't mean they are n't fundamentalists . 
  mormons and amish, 
  try hotspot shield free vpn plugin , good speeds , at least for me , 
  netflix is n't a country , it has the right to deny service to countries because copyright laws and all that ( which is bullshit , but whatever ) vpn 's for users would have to be blocked by germany itself , which is n't going to happen . 
  youtube itself could block vpn 's , but google even if a little strange sometimes is n't actually retarded . 
  sure they can . 
  chrome hotspot shield free vpn plugin works really well with good speeds , i use it sometimes . 
  does n't have uk location sadly , so i ca n't see some of blocked uk content . 
  well he still proposed a dictatorship since he claims it would be ruled by one-two people . 
  so you propose a dictatorship ? 
  strange that . 
  i meant poland , but ... okay ... 
  imported strawberries are the cheapest here . 
  the polish ones . 
  but they do n't get to the north for as cheap so it 's a fierce competition between local and polish ones for the price .
