  that 's like trying to sell religion , bloody annoying . 
  but they never promised to turn us into sweden in their campaign . 
  i think a lot of people did want them to win . 
  a few of my friends voted for them , for reasons i did n't understand . 
  i do n't think anyone is expecting them to turn us into sweden . 
  you go 55 in the city and get a fine ? 
  not a race . 
  it would have been even higher if weather was n't shit and lrls did n't fuck up massively just before the election . 
  how it 's made gets approval of the manufacturer and they often show the old processes , before upgrading or cut sensitive parts out . 
  first one is a useless article . 
  greenpeace are almost terrorists . 
  so one link worth reading . 
  but that one does n't say anything about effects on human life , just the amount of pesticides used as a whole . 
  except most reports and data do n't say anything about pesticide poisoning . 
  no i was n't . 
  that 's why i do n't assume everything is a conspiracy to kill me . 
   gues who is determining if the amount is `` acceptable '' or not . 
  evil governments and nazi scientists and big corporations ? 
  but we know the effect pesticides have on our bodies , we can test for those . 
  that 's just how you imagine they do it . 
  so close to ptt not making it . 
  would have been pretty good results if they got less votes . 
  i do n't see why gmo 's could ever be a health concern , we eat all kinds of shit and there is n't more shit in gmo 's than there is in normal plants . 
  the main issue i personally see with gmo 's is environmental . 
  they could mutate and spread too far for us to control destroying other plants . 
  but then again we already have plants like that . 
  people do n't understand what it is and what it means , but avoid it like the plague . 
  pretty normal human behaviour i would say . 
  at this point china is about as communist as germany is nazi . 
  it 's a dictatorship , but there is nothing communist about it . 
   uk economy flourishing in june the average economist thought gdp would grow by 1.8 pc in 2016 , a forecast which was slashed in the wake of the 23 june referendum . 
  but since then the country has proved resilient , so economists now anticipate growth of 1.9 pc for 2016 . 
  strange flourishing . 
  especially when gbp is doing so well . 
  is n't yellow and red orange ? 
  yes . 
  so it 's both . 
  static discharge is thousands of volts and we do n't die . 
  bar battery is hundreds of amps and we do n't die . 
  ussr was far from communism as well , but it took the name . 
  they want to try communism this time . 
  350a at 100 volts will not kill you . 
  it will hurt like hell . 
  but wo n't kill . 
  at 1000 volts even 1a will most likely kill you . 
  hell , battery in your car has 500-800a starting current and you can hold the wires with your hands . 
   ampere is the dangerous thing though , not the volts . 
  no , it 's the combination . 
  stop spreading this misleading meme . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdf2nhfxvzg the only thing that 's true in that statement is that yes , 100-200ma would kill you if you apply that directly to your heart . 
  to get any sort of current to your heart you need hundreds of volts though . 
  defibrilators work at 300-500 volts for example . 
  that 's also why us wall socket is n't very dangerous , eu one is dangerous , they are both 15amps . 
  350 a means that cable is 1000 volts , scary . 
  still ca n't zap you through the air , but i think the gap would be sizeable in rain/humid air ? 
  no it wo n't . 
  you will only start to see effects once most of the people drive electric cars . 
  i mean , who does n't run ssd as their main drive , it 's 2016 people . 
  torrentz2.eu checks most torrent sites . 
  i just bought wr1043nd for my 300mbit internet , it 's cheap and worth it . 
  pretty much any recent 7200rpm drive can save at above 125mb/s which is gigabit . 
  can someone explain ? 
  i am far too dumb on this subject . 
  what do you mean former , they put the queen on their money . 
  another reason for lower birthrates . 
  making out with smokers , not the best . 
  because we will never reach the planets that could have advanced life . 
  voyager took two years . 
  europa is not a planet . 
  i think bacteria is too likely , look what kind of animals live on earth in caves with no oxygen and no light . 
  imagine all the sharks without eyes in europa 's oceans . 
  if we actually found life in europa it would be incredible and sad at the same time . 
  free-range has it 's own problems . 
  remember bird flu ? 
  i like the idea of small farmers too , however everyone ca n't be a small farmer . 
  like i said , the only way small farmers can survive at all is if they transition to organic and free range local market business , which wo n't bring them treasures and again you can only sell so many free range chickens . 
  worth more does n't mean stronger . 
  this is correct . 
  way too many small farmers who can not keep the costs as low as the big ones and keep crying . 
  you can only sell so many organic gluten and range free chickens . 
  no shit . 
  uae and saudi in top 5 . 
  kek . 
  they ( the government ) are citizens same as you , you just elected them to help you ( the citizen ) live . 
  and they ( the government ) are n't always in the government . 
  not entirely ... 
  millions stay at home ignoring thousands . 
  france is in nato . 
  define practiced . 
  priests were present in many photos with hitler . 
  why would an atheist dictator need priests ? 
  only 55 countries in the list . 
  i think renault needs a 1.8-2 engine , because they do n't have one at the moment . 
  talisman/espace with 1.6 160hp is not very agile , especially limiting if you want to tow something . 
   if belarus wants to execute for crimes like those , then i see no problem . 
  dictatorship , which means their justice system can not be trusted by any means . 
  especially not while sober . 
  big controversy with this one . 
  people talk the shooter is actually involved with the smugglers , helped them escape by shooting the dog and pretended to shoot it because of self defense knowing he would get away because his brother is in seimas . 
  yep , that 's uk laws or just illegal .
