  global warming predicts wild weather , not just warmer . 
  exactly . 
  no one has 0 . 
  also it 's wrong , because japan is at 200 % . 
  in the world ? 
  wait so we jumped from the bottom of the pile to the top in 2 years ? 
  pickled mushrooms , onion , sour cream so simple , so good . 
  it 's easier for the west to read so the language might become more recognizable . 
  also do n't need special keyboards . 
  it is . 
  [ bela is russian for white . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.lt/?hl=lt&amp;tab=wt&amp;authuser=0#ru/en/bela ), 
  well you refresh dictators once in a while , belarus has gone a bit stale . 
   apart from this , when was the last time belarus was called a dictatorship in the media ? 
  well after a while it 's unnecessary to keep repeating things . 
  yes , because of massive money being dropped by the governments into renewables . 
  wind turbines are among the least reliable power sources and their efficiency is pretty much maximum theoretical so there is nothing to improve on . 
  wind turbines are terrible , everyone knows that , improving over them is n't hard . 
  but it 's fucking hard to build on the ocean , capacity factor and capacity do n't matter if it 's expensive as fuck . 
  cool , it probably makes enough power for a lightbulb . 
  short term effect, 
  here it 's only raining . 
  sure he does . 
  but diplomas have weight . 
  this school 's diploma is basically just saying that he has the ability to turn up to 50 % of classes and come to some tests . 
  i mean , everyone can finish one without trying . 
  it does n't say much . 
  or you can learn the same thing from a university and have a chance of getting that job . 
  yes , but they would be even cheaper in poland . 
  yeah this is school for people who are unable to finish school . 
  can gypsies be considered a race ? 
  can amish be considered a race ? 
  racism is a discrimination because of race . 
  jew is not a race , muslim is not a race . 
  neither of those are races, 
  what does this have to do with a race ? 
  i mean that should be expected . 
  [ eng/ru keyboard laptops are sold here . 
  lettuce and macaroni ? 
  they will probably switch to usb type c 3.0 since lightning is only 2.0 , slow . 
  it 's value added tax , if digital stuff has value you can add to it, 
  teo smart tv, 
  you do n't know about that , i plan to live forever , going to be made out of plastic . 
  no , some people have declared where they live . 
  it 's not about liking it , but there is an option and when you pay for a service options are nice . 
  you can pick if you want english , russian or lithuanian sound and subtitles or not . 
  all your choice . 
  well i do n't know then , maybe my brain is confused . 
  i remember daredevil was delayed so i just torrented it even when i had netflix free trial . 
  temporary residents do n't count  population 0 permanent residents ( 2015 ) [ 2 ] c. 5,000 temporary residents  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antarctica, 
  uninhabited . 
  netflix blows really . 
  we have a local service for the same amount of money which gets us many tv channels with 2 weeks of recorded footage you can watch at any time and movie renting for reasonable price . 
  not to mention the movies you rent are translated to lithuanian and russian , where netflix only offers english , which just does n't work here . 
  the most annoying thing is that we do n't even get neflix 's own shows in our country , that 's just fucked up . 
  for one century not centuries . 
  and even then so what ? 
  the baltic culture was clearly different throughout those times . 
  just because russia had the power to keep us occupied and oppressed does n't make us russian . 
  because eu is a dream for us so far . 
  brainwashing works really well when people you brainwash are satisfied . 
  suuure , the problem with gypsies is slavery that happened hundreds of years ago ... 
  this is our beautiful dump https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92kkir8cpfu, 
  you fucked up, 
  they reduced the time you can stay unemployed and get paid from 6 months to 3 , also now if you are unemployed and looking for a job you can be called in to be a social worker at any time . 
  so people do n't sit on life support anymore since its more annoying . 
  damn we are improving pretty fast . 
  those social support changes doing wurk . 
  also bosnia wowzers . 
  i was joking, 
  governments lie, 
  find one and we definitely will, 
  well it 's hard to tell if you would or not since we do n't have a song in the first place . 
  but i am tired of generic pop we send lately , you hear it on the radio and not even notice . 
  at least we had a good run . 
  well `` only '' was an exaggeration , i like those too much . 
  but we certainly have a lot of talent there . 
  can try to get in with some lithuanian rap/hip-hop track with english chorus . 
  worth a go in my opinion . 
  and what about coloured people ? 
  this just does n't end !, 
  we need to send a rapper , the only good artists we have are rapping . 
  one for women , one for men , one for old women , one for old men , one for girls , one for boys , one for middle-age men , one for middle-age women, 
  discrimination towards men . 
  lithuania will have many tiny houses soon too . 
  there was a law passed that made building houses under 80m ^ 2 much easier so now it 's like a whole another market , you can buy a house for about the same price as an apartment . 
  second is bullshit once again . 
  russia is a dictatorship . 
  when did we start accepting dictatorships ? 
  what ? 
  i like lettuce , but give it to me uncut , then it 's not messy . 
  i hate it still . 
  lettuce should n't be cut . 
  shredded lettuce is the most annoying thing ever . 
  i would never use it shredded at home . 
  does anyone even live on the mountain over there ? 
  suomi have no hills either only puddles and swamps . 
  then the wood is useful because of it 's buoyancy . 
  very hipster, 
  just looks .
