  i 'm not saying people do n't go to them , but compare the amount of restaurants . 
  hesburger is full of people too . 
  but mcdonald 's is terribly integrated . 
  hesburger swept the floor with them . 
  i have not dared to taste it . 
  just cola is as low as i will ever go . 
  that 's domestic , that 's like saying rimi cola is similar to coca-cola . 
  you are right , we do n't have a single starbucks https://www.google.lt/maps/search/starbucks/@44.8143616,11.3071545,4z, 
  witcher 3 is poland , lithuania is pretty close to poland so similar looks . 
  poland is too saint for deadpool, 
  yeah like us states are all the same or german 's federations are all the same . 
  they are different . 
  ehh , it 's still a dictatorship , better ties wo n't be coming before they elect an actual government . 
  i guess it will be better for the people , a little . 
  potato is perfectly healthy , boiled potato is full of vitamins and nutrients , way better than pasta . 
  we do n't eat fries every day . 
  it 's basically our rice . 
  are they cost effective though ? 
  15 % from 0 is still 0, 
  [ here is a list . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/act_of_the_re-establishment_of_the_state_of_lithuania ) yes , months , many other european countries only recognized us when russia already let us go . 
  only iceland , denmark and slovenia had the balls . 
  at least we are consistent , right ? 
  huh ? 
  i do n't agree with that . 
  iraq was n't stable when us went in , ukraine was , they were actually recovering , now they got set back a decade . 
  for now . 
  the reasons are unclear . 
  it was most likely to stabilise the countries for easier trading . 
  but it obviously did n't work at all so now who knows what the plan was . 
  however you ca n't compare iraq to ukraine . 
  ukraine was a stable country before russian aggression . 
  they only wanted to move towards europe in trade . 
  can i ask if you think georgian war was also russia being nice to others ? 
  we were once , then ussr fell, 
  except usa did n't take the iraq and libya and called them theirs , they only tried to extinguish terrorist groups , the fact that others formed is not really a fault of usa , but just shows more clearly how fucked up things were there in the first place . 
  as far as i know ukraine did n't really have terrorist groups before russia went in to form and support them . 
  they were always friend , they government not very much because we betrayed their russian buddy . 
  cared very much you mean , i am pretty sure many of them care , but they also gave up . 
  there are more centers of europe than countries in europe , tbh . 
  and through geographical definitions we are actually northern . 
  we are higher up north than denmark which is also northern . 
  through history we are eastern because of mother russia, 
  northern breh , trust wikipedia, 
  i do n't know any places in nyc , but i know you can get a 1 $ slice of pizza there . 
  there are many ways to check age . 
  especially on a living person . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a con by con refugees . 
  government just does n't care enough to check since they have more things to worry about . 
  allegedly ? 
  i thought we knew he stabbed her , just do n't know the age . 
  chitlins is more like the actual butthole , not as much intestines . 
  so yes , v\u0117darai is basically potato sausage , delicious . 
  uncleaned maybe ... we do n't use uncleaned ones . 
  do you know how poop tastes ? 
  no pay though , money drives people crazy . 
  we have to build a wall for refugees so they do n't escape our camp . 
  mcd 's is bad here too . 
  but their fries taste better . 
  but you ca n't do that with milk , i am telling you . 
  there is nothing to raise the price on . 
  if they wanted 50 % profit on milk it would cost 1 eur . 
  it 's an everyday product though so people will come every day to buy it so you do n't need to have profits on it , you can sell other things with a profit . 
  here it 's basically spamming cheeseburgers . 
  one two three four five . 
  everything else is a side dish . 
  i do enjoy the tortilla wraps though , probably the most enjoyable thing for me . 
  with simple milk there is basically no profit there for anyone . 
  they buy it from farms in lithuania , latvia , estonia for 30-40 cents , take all the fucking way to factory , process it , package it and sell it for 60 . 
  not to mention it has shelf life of a week so if you do n't sell it 's basically pouring money on the ground . 
  that 's why uht milk is more expensive , it 's not because of the processing , it 's because you can make profits on it since it does n't go bad in two days or so . 
  recently milk prices dropped a ton because of russia things , but no stress , they just made more cheese to export , so local milk prices really did n't get a chance to change much . 
  exactly , milk prices are high because milk is an exceptionally wasteful thing to produce , it 's basically selling raw product and you sell so little of it . 
  my father actually works in roki\u0161kio s\u016bris and honestly roki\u0161kio s\u016bris would n't even make milk if they could . 
  making milk products that have short shelf life and require minimal production , basically selling raw material is not cost efficient , our market is too small . 
  if they could they would make cheese only and export all of it , but they keep making milk to keep the quotas and keep the brand name visible . 
  bread is also the same thing , it 's made from crops we would ** gladly ** sell to western europe instead , but we have to eat bread , maybe we should stop eating bread and just switch to rice only ? 
  how about you compare products which we are n't exporting as much like meat ? 
  why do you think polish meat is always cheaper ? 
  and then you got us just chillin ' all happy about everything . 
  * as happy as we can get before killing ourselves, 
  but they are n't the same or higher . 
  they are smaller most of the time . 
  it 's also pretty much the same market so they should be similar , we buy the same vegetables from spain and stuff from poland people in western europe buy , why do you think prices should be different ? 
  maxima also probably imports way more cheap stuff from poland than iki or rimi added together so i do n't see what you are complaining about here . 
  definitely better maximas then haha . 
  maxima here is better quality and pretty much the same prices as rimi . 
  like i said i think rimi is going to die or have to downsize . 
  well , in kaunas norfa is fine really , they have potatoes , sometimes two different kinds . 
  not sure . 
  but we definitely could into nordic investments . 
  norfa has no selection , you basically buy what you get there , ca n't plan for shit . 
  sometimes you go there to buy some dark bread and they only have white bread . 
  it 's worse than some village stores . 
  they opened a large norfa in roki\u0161kis which was intended to fight xx maxima , it was fine the first two weeks , but then we went there again after like a month and it was back to bad old norfa style . 
  on a sunday there was basically no selection of bread , milk produce or vegetables . 
  like wtf . 
  they had no potatoes . 
  not one single potato in a large store .
