  no one knows how good they actually are yet in real life . 
  nothing from volvo even competed with audi a6 before ... let 's not even forget that a6 is not the highest end audi car even . 
   our test car was a range-topping inscription model , and its interior quality was superb -- easily on a par with the bmw 5 series ' and ** not far off the audi a6 's . 
  ** http://www.whatcar.com/news/2016-volvo-v90-d5-awd-review/ i really do n't understand who 's ass you are pulling this information from . 
  yeah , but it all ends up hanging on gathering and production in the end . 
  if you have n't noticed the wealthiest and most stable countries in the world have either abundant natural resources or extremely advanced manufacturing . 
  no it could n't be solved with a higher birth rate , higher birth rate would actually increase the problem . 
  we do n't mine coal anymore and we do n't have factories anymore , our farms are run by 20 people . 
  high population just means more people without jobs . 
  why not ? 
  our population is steady too . 
  birth rates are matching death rates . 
  the only thing that 's happening is people leaving , which is not a birth rate problem . 
  was hitler right ? 
  audi is a different segment altogether it 's only competing directly with bmw and mercedes . 
  volvo does n't have 6 cylinder engines . 
  not to mention honda does n't make a sedan in europe , toyota avensis is n't well reviewed . 
  skoda superb , skoda octavia , vw passat are top reviewed cars , i do n't know where you 're getting this information . 
  even after the scandal vw is comfortably on top http://europe.autonews.com/article/20160812/ane/160819950/vw-brand-suffers-most-as-car-sales-fall-2-in-europes-top-5-markets, 
  used car market is barely alive , it 's very slow now basically only there for locals , it used to boil when we exported cars further east , we do n't anymore . 
  and even that , wages slowly increasing , cheap cars improving not long until average person can actually afford new dacias and stuff . 
  their population is holding steady even with all the emigration that 's been going on in the last decade , what are you complaining about ? 
  this thinking that a country is doing bad if population is n't growing needs to go away soon or our world is definitely going to be a huge dumpster even in our lifetimes . 
  yeah so you live in a different market than i do . 
  in my country 250k for a car is pretty much just starting it 's life . 
  there is warranty and after warranty it still does quite well . 
  the new engines do n't use the stupid unit injectors anymore . 
  so they will last . 
  ( except the 1,4 petrol , that one has an expiration date ) but honestly , for working people it does n't matter since companies do n't keep cars for long after warranty and for people who buy personal cars it also does n't matter since they do n't drive nearly as much . 
  you do n't have anything to worry about until you hit at least 300k km . 
  what about volkswagen ? 
  they cheated the tests , cars are still great for consumers . 
  there is too much milk in europe , you can scramble all you want . 
  we are n't exporting baby formula though . 
  we sell cheese . 
  lactose intolerance needs more thousands of years to decrease though , it 's not all about toxicity . 
  but yes , our dairy products will probably be much higher quality than the ones they have locally , but i do n't think that we will be able to sell at the same price . 
  all milk is real milk , at least here . 
  the idea people have that it 's made from a powder is about as believable as the one that the earth is flat . 
  3.5 is really unpopular in lithuania actually . 
  most popular is 2 % . 
  latvian ice cream is great . 
  love the taste of pols . 
  [ dairy is n't popular because asians are very lactose intolerant . 
  cool , now dairy farmers might actually become needed again . 
  if russia eases up before 2030 then the tunnel will suck , but if russia is still the same then the tunnel will work well . 
  finland is almost an island at the moment since driving all the way through sweden is just not efficient in any way . 
   thats about 1500 euro per person for both the fins and the estonians only to pay for this tunnel . 
  so , tell me , why should these people pay this much money for a tunnel they do n't need ? 
  why are you assuming people do n't need this or want this ? 
  research has been going on for 15 years so clearly there is constant interest . 
  also that 's not how paying for things like this works . 
  the tunnel will pay for itself in the long run . 
  8 million people per year , but that number will increase once tunnel exists , obviously . 
   what does finland produce that needs to be shipped by such a fast train connection . 
  people, 
  oh there is plenty of propaganda today , but a lot of it is in russia as well , after all russia still censors media in 2016 . 
  the poll is easy to explain . 
  ussr separated itself too far from the west , everything good they did defeating germany was then undone during cold war since they made themselves into villains . 
  well that means you are n't jewish . 
  [ both obnoxious . 
  i do n't have one that i prefer at the moment , they all post too much useless information , like which celebrity i 've never heard of was on the beach and which star formation will give you the most fortune if you pray to it . 
  he lives in estonia , no one knows where he is actually from . 
  they also have an ad on radio of barrack obama talking about how good 15min is for reporting during summer . 
  it 's obviously not obama , just sound cut from all his speeches like one of those music videos . 
  ca n't find it though . 
  15min is slowly becoming the worst newspaper and it rose to the top being decent . 
  it 's now almost lithuanian buzzfeed . 
  wait latvia did n't get a single medal ? 
  wot . 
  midsummer is pagan . 
  st. john 's is just added on top to make these holidays `` approved '' by the church . 
  same thing with easter and christmas , they are all adopted by the church . 
  except you are n't killing a child , you are stopping him from being born . 
  do you remember how the life was before you were born ? 
  then who is getting hurt ? 
  you people always forget one thing , mother is risking her life having a child , if she does n't want to risk her life why are you forcing her . 
   lietuvie\u0161i jeb v\u0113sturiski lei\u0161i ( no sen\u0101 pa\u0161nosaukuma lei\u010diai ) from wikipedia , i guess you do n't need a translation . 
   after this particular study time you will reach `` speaking 3 : general professional proficiency in speaking ( s3 ) '' and `` reading 3 : general professional proficiency in reading ( r3 ) '' it does n't claim to be the time for fluent . 
   ilr level 3 -- professional working proficiency [ edit ] professional working proficiency is rated 3 on the scale . 
  level 3 is what is usually used to measure how many people in the world know a given language . 
  a person at this level is described as follows :  able to speak the language with sufficient structural accuracy and vocabulary to participate effectively in most conversations on practical , social , and professional topics  can discuss particular interests and special fields of competence with reasonable ease  has comprehension which is quite complete for a normal rate of speech  has a general vocabulary which is broad enough that he or she rarely has to search for a word  has an accent which may be obviously foreign ; has a good control of grammar ; and whose errors virtually never interfere with understanding and rarely disturb the native speaker . 
  obviously it depends what the speakers native language is . 
  stock up , haha . 
  do you know a single lithuanian who actually saved up anything in the uk or scandinavia ? 
  the only people who make anything and bring back are the seasonal workers who live in war like conditions for two months and eat bread with water . 
  those who live and work outside of lithuania permanently wo n't have money to bring back . 
  1989 9.4 % of people in lithuania were russian with 4m population , now it 's 5.8 % with 2.8 m. 
  it 's a sizeable amount . 
  if janis is plucking turkeys in ireland legally he is employed . 
  it 's not bad anymore . 
  if you have the skills you can live comfortably in lithuania . 
  unskilled workers however do n't make much here so they prefer to make more in a factory in the uk even if they spend more living there as well . 
  many of them were russians and they left shortly after independence , now our borders opened up and many left searching for a better life . 
  many of them were russians . 
   have you seen a sharp decline in alcoholics or homeless in lithuanian city streets ? 
  yes . 
  in my home town i can finally walk at night and not be scared . 
  was n't like this 10 years ago . 
  from my own experience most people who emigrated are idiots anyway so not a big loss .
