  this is absolute bullshit , but even if it was true , what existence would such a life be ? 
  how can anyone be complacent knowing that they 're essentially welfare leeches who need help from their master for their entire lives ? 
  such a situation would need to be remedied immediately , since no self respecting person could live such a parasitic existence that also sounds extremely trolly . 
  what kind of philosophical nonsense is this ? 
  who in this world does n't depend on someone for support of some sort ? 
  that 's how humans function . 
  north korea is the only example you could use of an independent country . 
  but it is taking donations so the people do n't starve to death and rellies on china for shielding from usa . 
  so what you 're saying is that estonia did the uk thing . 
  joined a union with the main goal to make a state and now wants to backtrack . 
  or at least you want to . 
   you 're right , it is n't , if it was even remotely good we would n't have replaced our own currency , and we certainly would n't have joined the eu . 
  much work to do !, 
  estonians voted to join eu . 
  that 's not entirely about your government . 
  currency replacement also did a lot of good for estonia i do n't know what exactly you see wrong with it . 
  yes . 
  they definitely do . 
  but a lot of those camps do n't last the whole summer , it 's a few weeks at most . 
  every system ever is flawed . 
  eu is unique , you ca n't expect system so massive to just be perfect . 
  your own government is n't near perfect i bet . 
  now imagine 28 governments added up . 
  eu works incredibly well for what it is . 
  we just switched and i pretty much never hear it . 
  yeah , it 's not exactly a lot of parking . 
  it 's enough if you update it , but still not a lot . 
  i do n't know why would the politics change when it came to your commieblocks . 
  i doubt serbians had 1-2 cars per apartment when they were built . 
  a lot of parking lul ? 
  they were built at a time no one had cars . 
  parking is severely lacking . 
  taxes depend on the country . 
  but inside eu there is obviously no tax or even a check . 
  it just moves like it would inside your own country . 
  depends on the doctor . 
  i went to a surgeon twice this past half year and both times i had to wait less than a week . 
  some can take a month or more . 
  jurmala is closer . 
  at palanga you need to step over people to get to the water . 
  at jurmala you can find a spot metres away from anyone . 
  no one sane should go to palanga . 
  potato pancakes . 
  i hate them . 
  oil soaked potatoes . 
  so much worse than french fries , but people enjoy them for some reason . 
  they do absolutely nothing other than accompany the president to events or work their own job that is unrelated . 
  bland . 
  in kaunas where i spend most of my time i ca n't tell . 
  there are all kinds of tourists . 
  but in roki\u0161kis it 's mostly latvians just hanging out shopping since it 's so close to the border . 
  most countries in the west do n't have a thing called street dogs or at least try not to . 
  same here . 
  it 's top 1 and 2 in two of the most popular radio stations . 
  to muslims dogs are similar to pigs , avoid contact . 
  vilnius airport is closed for renovation from 07-14 to 08-17 . 
  if you 're going during that time you will need to fly from kaunas . 
  the guy said he gets 19 mpg . 
  honda fit would work . 
  tell me one thing a golf could n't do . 
  big enough . 
  way better than 19mpg . 
  or a yaris https://www.toyota.com/yaris/, 
  if delivery is all you do you should probably invest into a car suited for it . 
  you could have a deactivated one probably . 
  why would you deliver pizzas in a sedan . 
  and a mid-sized one as well . 
  cars that do delivery here are the tinniest possible . 
  up ! / polo , twingo , yaris . 
  it 's a german thing that 's why it 's in germany . 
  we are pro-eu already no need to rally . 
  what about the blood sucking monsters ? 
  that would n't be fair use and your plan would be cancelled . 
  you need to read fair use . 
  the amount you can talk outside of romania would still be limited you need to spend time in romania to meet the fair use . 
  they definitely do exist . 
  but most of the larger malls do n't have them . 
  if you want new adidas shoes that are `` fresh '' as in from that season it will be like 100 + euros . 
  like i said . 
  in outlets maybe . 
  compare prices in normal stores . 
  you can get crocs in maxima on sale for like 20 euros . 
  no you ca n't . 
  unless you 're talking outlet stores or some shit . 
  not that adidas trainers are any different . 
  both are quality shoes . 
  i have crocs and they do n't show any wear at all . 
  not to mention the comfort compared to those plastic copies is just on another level . 
  and they feel awful to wear . 
  you can get the basic real ones on sale for like 30 euro . 
  they make good shashlik ? 
  yes , unless they nuke us . 
  then no . 
  yeah . 
  when putin dies , because let 's be honest he is going to win again . 
  and again . 
  and again . 
  then about 15 years later we can start having this discussion . 
  basically an attempt . 
  i guess we can count that .
