  nothing makes me proud of europe , it 's just a continent . 
  european union is a great demonstration on how people can indeed live together and work towards the greater good . 
  and then spain would say fuck you and veto it . 
  that looks like dried bread from the picture alone . 
  fuck that . 
  electronics come from the same places . 
  vegetables/fruits mostly from where it 's warmer . 
  spain for example . 
  netherlands make good tomatoes though . 
  meat is either local or polish . 
  beer local . 
  water local . 
  too healthy to be a snack though . 
  more oil is required . 
  if you want the boring oven method then might as well buy the premade version . 
   poland stronk brought civilisation fuck no , they brought religion , that 's the opposite . 
   but if it helps you sleep better ... 
  i sleep fine as it is . 
  i 'm actually all for the vote , even for independence . 
  i think it 's a stupid thing to do for catalonia to leave , but i 'm not going to try and stop them . 
  just that many of them on reddit think spain is worse than ussr was , so i 'm a little skeptical on that matter . 
  i was n't going to say this . 
  but now that we come to the reliability question . . catalan polling agency has a poll that supports independence ?? 
  no way, 
  in votes . 
  which polls are polling . 
  the votes . 
  he won the election , but lost in votes . 
  that 's not how it works though . 
  also even the ones who said they will go only 43.3 % want to vote yes , why would you decide that the ones that withheld would also go with yes . 
  the layout we use if you switch to lithuanian the numbers do n't exist anymore , so you do n't need the modifier key . 
  you use the numpad or key combination to use numbers if your keyboard does n't have the numpad . 
   48.5 % oppose independence  although the ceo 's opinion polls do not usually include questions on the referendum , they do typically ask respondents for their stance on independence . 
  and in this instance the ` no ' option has increased marginally . 
  48.5 % of catalans are against independence , two percent higher than in december 2017 ( 2016 ? ) . 
  meanwhile , those in favour remain stable at around 44 % , a similar percentage to the number who say they would vote for independence in a referendum . 
  it 's strange to me that latvian qwerty layout doubles up the most commonly used keys . 
  interesting . 
  according ceo polls independence would lose . 
  http://www.ara.cat/en/ceo-catalans-would-unilateral-referendum_0_1769223142.html guess you have different polls . 
  after the last elections my patriotism took a hit . 
  latvian keyboard is so strange . 
  in lithuanian layout our arbitrary letters are moved towards the number row so if you have a full keyboard ( with numpad ) you lose nothing . 
  http://www.chrismary.com/languagekeyboard/layouts/lithuanian_keyboard.jpg http://www.chrismary.com/languagekeyboard/layouts/latvian_qwerty_keyboard.jpg for symbols on the number row which are used rarely we do shift + alt . 
  or you can do it the real way which is to fry the bread in oil . 
  number one is definitely ant kalno m\u016brai . 
  unless your list is n't in order . 
  i was born in 93 and every year we have more money , less crime , more opportunities to go places . 
  crime is very apparent to me . 
  in my small town it used to be that walking around during the middle of the night was just asking to get robbed . 
  parking in a parking lot without a streetlamp was just asking to get your car stolen . 
  compared to now when i do n't even have an alarm in my car . 
  after joining eu the police really cleaned up the streets . 
  even the trust in the police went from something like 30 % to 70 %, 
  i was born in 93 and my mom called me the diaper generation . 
  it probably helped that my father was working as a car carrier trailer driver at the time . 
  he would stuff plenty of diapers in the cars he was bringing . 
   historically : mostly with poland and belarus ( something like ~ 500 years of common history i believe ) . 
  let 's not forget the lovely russia . 
  even though we do n't share as much history with them their invasion was the most recent one . 
  a lot of things are still left over from that . 
  yeah , so you do n't speak the standard dialect . 
  there is not a city , but a region and it 's not quite the region , it 's more of a mix . 
  but generally it is thought to be the region of suvalkai . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suvalkija#language i guess it was the least russian and polish at the time . 
  a lot of the groundwork was also done by just one guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jonas_jablonskis also pretty much no one speaks the standard lithuanian except news channels . 
  but every dialect except samogitian is similar enough . 
  oh i do n't expect any apocalypse to come from it . 
  just population is still increasing and climate change is starting to show now already . 
  when you have over a billion people 2.5 birth rate is not very low either . 
  yes , it should indeed , but if it takes half a century we will get to 11 billion . 
  india still has 2.5 birth rate . 
  africa is booming as well . 
  it 's not just living longer . 
  by 2050 we will have 10 billion people . 
  yes , but it works the way we do it . 
  do it in india and africa . 
  when we figure that out we can figure out the replacement rate . 
  trust me humanity will not go extinct by not making enough kids . 
  lead by example, 
  no , we should help africa and asia decrease birth rate . 
  we do n't need 11 billion people on earth . 
  waldemar tomaszewski saga , it 's too long to explain , short stylized version : guy thinks poles are superior race and lithuanians suck so he takes all the russian help he can get to turn vilnius back into poland . 
  / s or is it, 
  depends on the region , in most of lithuania everyone is basically lithuanian by default . 
  in some regions ( one really ) you can get greeted in russian when you come to a store checkout . 
  also the conflict between poles and lithuanians is basically as bad as it has ever been and it was all done by one man . 
  yes , at 16 years old . 
  so basically just do n't go anywhere where it would be difficult for your parents to help you out if you need it . 
  look at which economies are similar . 
  baltics ( estonia included ) , poland , portugal , spain , romania . 
  you can probably get english studies anywhere out of these . 
  lgbt rights , some more weed . 
  at least for my country . 
  really do n't care about what is written on there either . 
  whatever you propose still gets chewed up in the end , like obamacare , a good idea that got turned into a trainwreck by the opposition . 
  i want to see what they actually manage to do . 
  who won did n't really bother me . 
  but the election process and the candidates really showed to me how awful the democratic process in usa is . 
  the fact that it 's not possible to run as an independent and a party can sabotage one of their own candidates is just scary .
