  in lithuania we have exactly what eu recommends . 
  their extensive network is n't that extensive . 
  https://www.flixbus.com/bus-routes#/map also i do n't quite get it , if say i want to go from warsaw to barcelona does every bus hop count towards the 5 trips ? 
  much harder to make a meme out of than what poland managed to do . 
  but i 'm sure someone will manage . 
  how much faster do you need ? 
  that makes them even worse . 
  wow . 
  what winter ? 
  so it 's not a secret then . 
  strange . 
  it 's a hybrid system . 
  there are 141 seats in seimas . 
  parties compete for 70 seats and then share them according to the percentage of votes they get . 
  they have lists people can shape by voting for 5 of their favourites . 
  and there are 71 voting regions each one has different candidates competing against each other , they can be a party member or not . 
  if they fail their single-mandate run and do n't get the votes they can still get the seat if they make the cut in the party list . 
  then seimas is formed from those 141 . 
  imperial units being called freedom units . 
  oh the irony . 
  which is what exactly . 
  there are n't many of them because if there are too many they ca n't survive the slow days since not many people visit overall . 
  it 's a luxury to go to bar in lithuania . 
  as if more restrictions would ever do anything . 
  what we need is cultural change on drinking , less sitting next to a store slamming a plastic bottle , more visiting bars and enjoying the time . 
  that will never happen with current wages . 
  that 's just great, 
  greens/peasants are anti-booze , conservatives have the anti-abortion nuts . 
  which does n't help since they got the votes too . 
  it 's okay businesses will seize to exist at this rate . 
  unknown restrictions . 
  i remember poles were complaining lithuanian exam was too hard so our minister of education increased the hours of lithuanian they get , good solution . 
   educational restrictions for our schools in whole lithuania what ? 
   ban on our surnames no such thing . 
  we just type it in lithuanian on lithuanian documents so we could spell it on lithuanian documents . 
  what is wrong in alytus ? 
  are you getting paid for this or what ? 
  an autopilot is a system used to control the trajectory of a vehicle without constant ` hands-on ' control by a human operator being required . 
  autopilots do not replace a human operator , but assist them in controlling the vehicle . 
  autopilots have evolved significantly over time , from early autopilots that merely held an attitude to modern autopilots capable of performing automated landings under the supervision of a pilot . 
  not autonomous . 
  downvoted for quoting autopilot 's description , that 's reddit . 
  oh so it 's a name issue then . 
  you should tell apple to stop calling their devices apples since they are clearly not apples . 
  again , never claimed to be autonomous . 
  you think , but it clearly is . 
  the current system can be fooled with your knee or something touching the wheel because it just senses tension on the wheel . 
  that 's why we love our own poles so much more than poles in poland . 
  they do . 
  lithuania is religious , religious people are taught that suicide is the biggest sin , so yeah that translates . 
  think of it as assisted cruise control instead of complete autopilot . 
  then it works better than any other intelligent cruise control . 
  they do though , they say you must keep hands on the steering wheel and be ready to take control . 
  yes , it 's exactly like a beta software that tesla wants you to test . 
  and many people enjoy it . 
  except tesla always keeps repeating that you must be alert at all times and requires you to keep control at all times . 
  they never claimed the autopilot is without faults . 
  we hate everyone , seems correct . 
  trucks also get regulated and replaced often , truck fleets are often few years old only . 
  it 's sad that they steal so much when their salary is already 5 times the average of the country . 
  so greedy . 
  but you are n't defending at that point , you caught him . 
  that would be an execution . 
  if you kill them you 're no better . 
  oh sure , no one is in debt in usa and no one has ever donated their last money to some church when it promised great returns . 
  damage , i think graffiti is also vandalism, 
  it 's an engineering marvel . 
  sagrada familia is a curvy relic . 
  it 's just due to birth rates , yea . 
  due to birth rates , yea . 
  who would be killing them if is fighters are helping ? 
  so no damage , but he asked what 's the penalty of throwing items , like if you just decided to throw items , that would be vandalism , with no damage . 
  well it 's uae . 
  not surprising . 
  they 're like serfs , get paid and technically be `` free '' , but poor . 
   penalties for vandalism  the three factors surrounding penalties and punishment for vandalism include , the damage inflicted , costs of repair , and the amount of disruption caused . 
  smaller acts of vandalism make up the majority of these crimes and are dealt with in the magistrates court . 
   the maximum penalty for vandalism that costs less than # 5,000 to repair is three months imprisonment or a fine of # 2,500 . 
  if damage is more than # 5,000 , the maximum punishment is six months imprisonment or a fine of # 5,000 . 
  yes i get it . 
  but the number is n't increasing , there is no need for moooore churches , especially huge ones like that . 
  75 % do not . 
  nah , burj khalifa is monolith , concrete poured in place . 
  it 's actually why it took so long , they could only pour it during the night because the days were too hot . 
  plus it was built by samsung so no slaves . 
   eastern orthodoxy is the largest religious denomination in romania , numbering 16,307,004 according to the 2011 census , or 81.04 % of the population . 
  the rate of church attendance is , however , significantly lower . 
  according to a poll conducted by inscop in july 2015 , 37.8 % of romanians who declare themselves to be religious go to church only on major holidays , 25.4 % once a week ( especially on sunday ) , 18.9 % once a month , 10.2 % once a year or less , 3.4 % say they do not go to church , 2.7 % a few times a week , and only 0.9 % say they go to church daily . 
  burj khalifa took 5 years . 
  islam is not growing . 
  they just count everyone who is born in islamic countries instantly . 
  look at `` islam is growing '' sources , they are all islamic media . 
  no one else has made a report on that . 
   western special forces - 14 % netherlands blew up themselves to frame russia . 
  i get rebuilding ones that got destroyed or something . 
  but building more ? 
  religion is n't growing anymore . 
  yes , but gdl is not current belarus any more than current lithuania , after all , we have the language , both capitals and samogitians . 
  the ticket probably costs around the same as well . 
  burn more coal,
