  literally . 
  gdp did n't fall that much because of sanctions , oil crashed . 
  russia gdp 2014 - 2030 , 2016 - 1326 belarus 2014 - 76 , 2016 - 54 ukraine 2014 - 131 , 2016 - 90 latvia gdp 2014 - 31 , 2016 - 27 dunno about that german brain drain , but i think you 're still better off . 
  yes actually , they are amazing improvements when you look at ukraine , belarus or russia in comparison . 
  everyone is agnostic when it comes to religion , the ones who claim not to be are delusional . 
  that 's why agnostic alone does n't tell us anything . 
  why is there porn on russian facebook ? 
  but that 's also banned i think . 
  literally shitting in their own yard . 
  okay atleast the road quality is 5 , that 's adequate . 
  `` alcohol is bad for you '' that would n't even be that much of a lie . 
  you do n't have that either . 
  probably not seen as a terrible career choice in the society . 
  lithuanian prince became a king of poland and had to change his name and speak polish , embrace polish culture and encourage others to do the same . 
  yep , that 's multi-cultural right there . 
   the lithuanian grand duke jogaila was offered the polish crown and became w\u0142adys\u0142aw ii jagie\u0142\u0142o ( reigned 1386 -- 1434 ) . 
  this marked the beginning of the gradual , voluntary polonization of the lithuanian nobility . 
  jagie\u0142\u0142o built many churches in pagan lithuanian land and provided them generously with estates , gave out the lands and positions to the catholics , settled the cities and villages and granted the biggest cities and towns magdeburg rights . 
  the ruthenian nobility was also freed from many payment obligations and their rights were equalized with those of the polish nobility . 
  [ again , same paragraph you did n't read . 
  ] ( http://image.prntscr.com/image/f6015247b3b54fee871851f9f62fd9a1.png ) this is being brought up as an issue not as a great thing . 
  being a pole you 're also very educated on current stance of poland when it comes to multi-culturalism , very supportive . 
  i never said people were being treated badly . 
  not once . 
  i said you were a peasant , because only peasants spoke lithuanian . 
  i do n't know how peasants were treated . 
  also that 's not a successful multi-cultural society if one group is severely disadvantaged and excluded . 
  and denmark . 
  lies ? 
  your argument was that commonwealth was multicultural , i showed you that it was n't . 
  it was either polish or excluded from culture . 
  and then you ran away . 
  yeah , nobility all spoke polish , peasants spoke lithuanian , surely it 's just because of convenience . 
  how obnoxious can you get . 
  but hey , this is the internet , you do n't have to act like a normal human being . 
  have a shitty day . 
  this is not science , this is reddit . 
  [ but there you go . 
  wiki is not the source , it 's just a simplified summary from other sources , which are at the bottom of the wiki . 
  i 'm not up for debates with people who deny history , especially as your flair says polish , should already know these things . 
  i can read , you can read , but you have no comprehension , the shunning was implied . 
   such a view is widely considered applicable to the times of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ( 1569 -- 1795 ) when the ruthenian and lithuanian upper classes were drawn towards the more westernized polish culture and ** the political and financial benefits of such a transition , as well as , sometimes , by the administrative pressure exerted on their own cultural institutions , primarily the orthodox church . 
  ** but then again you would rather ignore the evidence to support your argument with none . 
  very strong position . 
  never said it is n't . 
  i just said it has n't worked yet . 
  me personally i do n't really like the idea of trying to make it work since that does n't seem to do any good either . 
  top quality denial . 
   polonization can be seen as an example of cultural assimilation . 
  such a view is widely considered applicable to the times of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth ( 1569 -- 1795 ) when the ruthenian and lithuanian upper classes were drawn towards the more westernized polish culture and the political and financial benefits of such a transition , as well as , sometimes , by the administrative pressure exerted on their own cultural institutions , primarily the orthodox church . 
  the conversion to the roman catholic ( and to a lesser extent , protestant ) faith was often the single most important part of the process . 
  for ruthenians of that time , being polish culturally and roman catholic by religion was almost the same . 
  this aspect of polonization that led to the diminishing of the orthodox church was the part that was most resented by the belarusian and ukrainian masses . 
  in contrast the lithuanians , who were mostly catholic , were in danger of losing their cultural identity as a nation , but that did not become evident for the wide masses of lithuanians until the lithuanian national renaissance in the middle of the 19th century . 
  persecution ? 
  who said that was the case . 
  i said you spoke polish or you were seen as a peasant , which is exactly what is described there . 
  no one jailed you for being peasant . 
  however nobility does n't fancy being seen as peasants so they assimilated , which is the opposite of multi-cultural . 
  yeah , so , nothing . 
  great job . 
  you did it , changed the world . 
  yeah there was no multiculturalism in commonwealth , you were either going full pole or full peasant . 
  speaking lithuanian was seen as low . 
  actually history has all the answers , multi-culturalism has n't worked yet . 
  if it starts it will make the news . 
  western porn propaganda wo n't penetrate russian walls now . 
  well there is another factor , fossil fuel is going to run out eventually . 
  farming fuel is closer to carbon neutral than digging up old stuff and burning it . 
  but yes , i understand your point . 
  we can do hybrids with ethanol and as batteries/engines improve the litres per km will be tiny . 
  might be possible to farm the fuel instead of burning oil . 
   is there any law that protects you by not getting fired by using you paid vacation days ? 
  you have to use the days . 
  not using them is risky for the employer . 
  of course you rarely get to choose when to use paid vacation , you can take unpaid vacation with little reasoning though . 
   do you have to have a certain amount of seniority on your job ? 
  only really matters in some fields . 
  for example , my dad is a driver for a milk production company so since cows produce way more milk during summer there is almost no way he gets vacation during summer , no problem getting vacation days in the fall or winter though . 
   ( i do n't know if part-time exist in europe ) whats the deal if you have a part-time job ? 
  do you get half of paid vacation leave ? 
  part time job does not reduce the days of vacation at least in lithuania . 
  no i only had them like twice . 
  oh , did n't know you could buy peanut butter cups in europe , probably the only good usa sweet . 
  guess no one asked him . 
  but then it 's most likely meaning seven since all other 6 days are just numbers and he wrote them as such as well . 
  would be strange if one day is somehow different . 
  it 's because they do n't plan , they just do it . 
  who even does that . 
  if you say it many times over it sounds like sek again anyway . 
  yes . 
  it 's because sepmadienis makes no sense . 
  the word sekmadienis was actually made by jonas jablonskis when lithuanian language was being standardized . 
  yeah , but it would n't make any sense if that was broadband or fiber . 
  is that mobile data ? 
  4 harbor boats , 4 patrol , 4 mine countermeasures . 
  it 's not percentages , netherlands are small . 
  of course we have ships . 
  12 to be exact . 
  cool .
