  they stood in a chain for around 15-20minutes , but the event took quite a while , as you can imagine many people , much to talk about . 
  symbolically . 
  no it 's because you tried to do math with imperial units . 
  40075km  40075000m , lets make the arm span 1.50 m so you do n't have to make it fingers grip only  26716666.7 people or 26,72 million . 
  or take the current world record which is 1000km with 5million people and you get 200million people that way . 
  that 's correct , in order for current to be strong enough to impact many people first few would die . 
  i agree . 
  military parades - we do n't need . 
  airshows - we do n't need . 
  until they can actually handle them safely . 
  somewhat , but baltics did recover the fastest economically too , so those stats do correlate , but are n't necessarily the main cause . 
  well that is certainly something . 
  lithuania was the first to declare independence . 
  followed by estonia and latvia and then armenia . 
  most others only declared sovereignty . 
  [ what was the direct impact . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_way#aftermath ), 
  well obviously they did , we got out did n't we ? 
  it 's likely he wo n't even receive a penalty . 
  there is no evidence that he ever did anything with that room . 
  maybe he just likes to lie in childrens beds in dead silence . 
  it is n't in russian ones either . 
  well you coulnd ' t just buy a car by walking into a store you had to be allowed or you had to buy a used one , it was pretty much yours , but still controlled . 
  and you could n't buy a bus , there were no allowances for that . 
  except if you had a huge family , then you could get an allowance to buy a [ raf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/riga_autobus_factory ), 
  everything was state owned , communism , remember ? 
  [ last year it was an anniversary too . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eahwsl6lyky ) [ also higher quality song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lusfxolc8lu ), 
  so is putin . 
  russia does n't quite understand democracy yet , not that i blame them , they never got a chance . 
  eh , that happens , that 's why you never read only one paper . 
   i mean their hostility forward russia is disproportionated . 
  well ... 
  i do n't know . 
   they even started some kind articles `` gilyn \u012f rusij\u0105 '' series about russia province . 
  according it all russians outside moscow and st. peterburg is drunk , retarded and happy about it . 
  well russia has insane amounts of people living under poverty line compared to any western country so i do n't know how justified that is saying it 's like most eastern european countries , those are actually better off . 
   they always trying show russia from negative side . 
  when has russia ever had a positive side ? 
  delfi is conservative and most of their articles about russia are actually not very negative towards russia . 
  15min however straight up laughs at russian failures . 
  because wikipedia has propaganda edited out of it , not in it . 
  ( generally , rogue edits happen ), 
  15min . lt is very liberal and draws out many comments of people who are not . 
  delfi.lt is more conservative they just avoid topics that could cause discussion . 
  others i do n't read . 
  latvian is like lithuanian jargon on steroids . 
  for example they use gr\u016bst for push while gr\u016bsti jargon for us and stumti is clean , there are more examples of this , i just ca n't think of more . 
  also staltbriedis in latvian means deer while briedis in lithuanian means moose , but elnias in lithuanian is deer , while alnis in latvian is moose . 
  sounds like a massive mix up 1000 years ago to me . 
  [ soviet deportations from lithuania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_deportations_from_lithuania ), 
  huh ? 
  well ... ( * you do n't have to tell them those things , sounds like we did nothing * ) you know , we did a little more , we made a chain . 
  we rekt ussr ? 
  what can i say , netherlands sounds funny in lithuanian , also too long . 
  i am sorry , but we never call netherlands netherlands , it 's just holland . 
  it 's like england and uk . 
  same thing . 
  in the baltics some cooperatives are tiny producers which make only products for use in daily market , like milk , kefir and sourcream . 
  major players however only buy milk . 
  if they do n't know where poland is i would just walk away and stop talking to them . 
  actually northern europe . 
  no it is n't , it 's part of the uk . 
  muricans , i know you are not very good at geography , but atleast google it . 
  above poland . 
  we know chicken and egg both come at the same time , so i guess your question is answered . 
  supermarkets do n't dictate prices . 
  milk processing companies do . 
  ussr did it and it spilled over to every country that was in ussr . 
  after we left ussr equipment was still in good condition and free so we used it , now it stuck , even though equipment is all new we still use bags . 
  and honestly milk in bags makes sense , it 's cheap for consumers and it takes up less space and it uses very little material which can also be recycled . 
  milk no , but we export cheese . 
  lithuania actually exports cheese to new zealand , which is slightly funny . 
  canada does it too . 
  well that 's good to know . 
  1l bag is about 0.60 $ . 
  i think it was 0.57 , i was in store today , ca n't remember already . 
  according to this page average price for milk on sale is 0.60 http://www.produktukainos.lt/?mid=93 and since i pretty much never buy stuff like milk that 's not on sale ( it 's the same estonian cow anyway ) it 's around 0.60 . 
  and lithuanian farmers are complaning , because they work alone with small farms . 
  latvian and estonian farmers sell their milk to the same company ( roki\u0161kio s\u016bris in this example ) and they do n't complain because they earn profit which is enough for them . 
  source : my dad works at roki\u0161kio s\u016bris . 
  estonia is pretty much in one huge co-op when it comes to milk production , if they wanted higher prices all they would ever have to do is negotiate a deal . 
  lithuanian farmers ca n't do shit because they are n't in a co-op . 
  you ca n't control the prices though , unless we want to start communism again . 
  the farmers can riot all they want the only way prices will ever increase is if they stop selling at a low price . 
  if big farms and co-op 's can work at those low prices that means it 's fine for them . 
  i do n't get who is complaining , we still have milk , so someone obviously still sells the milk at those prices and they are fine , once those people stop selling it and the prices will increase , because there will be an actual demand for the product . 
  like i said , it 's what people get used to . 
  scandinavia almost never comes up without finland , denmark and iceland . 
  some person slipped called them scandinavia and it stuck , because nordics is almost never used actually . 
  tbh the time i started visiting this subreddit is the first time i have ever heard sweden and denmark had something going on between them , sorry about that . 
  i did n't say anything negative about them though , i said something negative about the term that defines your country too :p, 
  because scandinavia is a useless term at the moment , it 's not even geographically logical since denmark is not on the same peninsula , nordics = scandinavia in everyone 's mind by now . 
  relax mate , if eesti join nordics we will sneak in too , ca n't leave best buds behind , right ? 
  then you will get along with younger and middle age estonians just fine . 
  russians however have no desire to learn any language other than russian either and estonia has many russians , especially in tallinn : estonians 225,777 54.56 % / russians 151,122 36.52 % / ukrainians 11,794 2.85 % / belarusians 6,173 1.49 % source : wikimagicpedia, 
  you get a lawyer for free if you ca n't afford one . 
  no court in lithuania has the right to leave anyone homeless , it just ca n't be done . 
  could you live a normal life after such a childhood ? 
  no , you will probably be damaged .
