  that 's fucked . 
   because rimi is fucking horrible and nobody wants to shop there . 
  but apparently it 's still doing well in the baltics . 
  it blows really . 
  my local tiny ikiukas has better selection of stuff than rimi . 
  and the rimi branded stuff is just nasty . 
  only the largest rimi 's are okay , but then again i would go to maxima 10 times of out 10 if it was in the same location . 
  i believe that two stores will get damaged by the arrival of lidl in lithuania and they will be norfa and rimi . 
  norfa will try to play the `` lithuanian store '' card , but there is no way they will hold up to lidl . 
  maxima is just too good to even care about lidl , they just never fuck up for me . 
  unlike other stores . 
  well that was the plan for a while now . 
  what do you want to trust ? 
  russians ? 
  they will say there were none at all . 
  yep . 
  suicides , homicides , same thing really , same causes . 
  oh i know there was no city , but it was built in lithuania , even at the time . 
  ussr was a `` union '' not a country . 
  visaginas was always ** in ** lithuania . 
  just because it 's population was mostly russian technicians and their families who kept the power plant in check does n't make it a russian city that became a part of lithuania . 
  it was always in there . 
  which russian city is part of lithuania ? 
  as an additional bonus you can take a ride on a ship to it , it 's pretty fun http://www.llbm.lt/index.php?lang=1&amp;sid=298, 
  lietuvos liaudies buities muziejus ( lithuanian folk everyday life ? 
  museum ) it 's an open-air ethnographic museum . 
  it 's pretty cool http://www.llbm.lt/eng/about_us/ i do n't know if it 's the best . 
  i probably have n't been to the best . 
  that 's why it 's in fucking quotes ? 
  that 's why posh is in quotes ? 
  many countries do n't have aristocrats anymore . 
  `` posh '' lithuanian is pretty much perfect general lithuanian which is taught in schools and stuff . 
  it 's `` posh '' because it 's derived from more than one pronunciations and people rarely speak like that . 
  kids ask for pancakes and coffee as tradition , but many people are too lazy to make pancakes so they have to substitute for candy . 
  what do you mean early , we want spring/summer as soon as possible . 
  okay , we do n't use horses much anymore , did n't know that . 
  we have a saying : `` calm like a belgian '' , probably needs changing . 
  we were late to that party . 
  we need more sharks ? 
  i live in kaunas alone on 150 eur a month , i do n't pay rent or bills with that , but i do n't save on food , buy a movie ticket or two . 
  i imagine you can live in a small city with 300 eur no problem . 
  it 's very rare to get paid minimum salary though , only no skill or no experience workers get paid minimum ( students mostly ) and not for long , you ca n't maintain people with just the minimum . 
  `` doctors '' ? 
  the prices of services are going up , but that 's a given since people providing services are earning more and more . 
  things have n't increased in price at all . 
  i personally use bananas as my measurement system . 
  if bananas go below 1 euro in the summer that means prices are still the same . 
  so much sea and so little people you basically have all the beach to yourself . 
  soviet one best one , do n't you know ? 
  estonia hates us ? 
  wot . 
  [ not very skilled with taking photos or uploading them on the internet though . 
  well , we had to have a system to determine if they are refugees and we had to have a system of spreading them around . 
  we had neither . 
  that 's why it 's so bad now . 
  yup , we should n't have let a single one of them in or at least do n't let them all go to two countries and sit there on life support . 
  yes , we will let all of them in and move to middle east so we can get to all that rich oil, 
  belarus ai n't joining shit while it 's still a dictatorship there :(, 
  curling is awesome to watch in the olympics . 
  every other time however , meh . 
  about as popular as football is , so pretty good . 
  estonia is fairy tales and magic . 
  [ same ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/00/kaunas.laisves_statula._2007-04-06.jpg/800px-kaunas.laisves_statula._2007-04-06.jpg ) latvia rekt us here . 
  it 's pretty hard to sustain a family with only one working individual though so ... 
  he knows . 
  or it 's changing back to how it was . 
  if there is a massive amount of snow then it will fall no matter how frozen it is . 
  these buildings can hold incredible amounts of weight on their roofs . 
  it 's removed mostly to avoid killer snow . 
  that 's mostly a concern for wooden buildings , these can handle more than enough snow before it falls down by it 's own weight . 
  you remove it so it does n't fall down when you do n't want it to , like for example when someone is on the ground under the roof . 
  how about deportations . 
  so many people died in siberia . 
  the only reason it went so well is because russia itself was doing incredibly poorly at that time . 
  russians themselves were protesting , the whole union was falling apart , there was nothing that could hold it together anymore . 
  for evil plans to work you need to have at least some support from general population . 
  empty food stores should be more shocking , but it is n't because people find it hard to even imagine . 
  interesting fact : there were no such things as bananas . 
  ever . 
  well . 
  okay . 
  they deviated very far apart then . 
  you are the champion of picking on words . 
  your picture clearly shows that it did . 
  roots are the same , obviously . 
  i agree , but archaic is a word that does n't come to my head english not being my first language and all that . 
  old covers it up . 
  i could say it separated from slavic languages long time ago ? 
  well , lithuanian is one of the oldest languages from proto-baltic-slavic languages so the only comparisons you can find are often quite deep . 
  simple conspiracy theories are n't enough anymore , we already have conspiracies about conspiracy theories . 
  you must go deeper . 
  some criminals are quite intelligent so i do n't know about anyone, 
  finland had autonomy , lithuania did not . 
  you are probably confusing later ussr with russian empire . 
  he probably posts lahe every once in a while and deletes it . 
  waiting for that perfect opportunity . 
  yes , but you clearly understand that we did n't have shit during that period . 
  finland existed as a country . 
  we were a state of russian empire , just separated , no military , no government , no laws , no currency , no budget . 
  [ poland did n't help either .
