  i had a couple of russians tell me that baltics are not countries , could n't figure out what are they , but they made it clear that they are not countries . 
  meh , that 's not the main problem , human waste is organic so it does n't completely destroy the whole sea . 
  you mean france and spain spew out industrial waste into mediterranean ? 
  yes , but one half of the globe is russia and another is n't . 
  you can pick which way you want to go . 
  sure there is , globes have two halves . 
  half way and the wrong way . 
  moose , mooses , meese , english language at work . 
  what do you mean weak atheist , that 's straight up atheist and that 's it . 
  you do n't believe the story , need proof , that 's every atheist on the planet . 
  if talking about younger generation , very . 
  that 's going to cost . 
  but they are norwegian so , whatever . 
  church was and still is a way to get money out of people . 
  here in lithuania you want to have your dead relatives name mentioned before prayers ? 
  30 euro . 
  you want the whole mass to be dedicated to them ? 
  60 euro . 
  you want a priest to come and bless the grave ? 
  30 euro and you have to take the priest to the grave and back . 
  you want to marry in the church ? 
  60 euro . 
  these prices are actually printed on a poster . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  my close relative was divorced and apparently you can still marry in the church after you divorce , you just have to pay 300 euro and wait a year . 
  that made me laugh and then cry inside . 
  oh russia , how do you manage to be so funny and extremely sad at the same time . 
  not at all . 
  it 's a trade-off . 
  i think we would think about it . 
  even if we open borders they will keep them closed and tell everyone how awful we are . 
  sounds good to me . 
  we would move to the other side of the globe if we could . 
  so both major russian cities , how unexpected . 
  he can retire if he wants , but i know he never will , that 's not what dictators do , so there is only one solution , death . 
  man i hope putin will die before 2042 . 
  that 's way too long to have putin for . 
  in soviet russia ... 
  you mean kaliningrad . 
  did you know that kaliningrad still has no waste treatments plants and dumps everything straight into the baltic sea ? 
  how nasty is that . 
  yes , it 's mostly for contraband . 
  in which case it 's not all that pointless . 
  just needs some more barbed wire and a couple of miniguns . 
  you go guys . 
  also less gold, 
  ask them . 
  also personal experience . 
  dogs are like toddlers , you have to constantly take care of them . 
  yeah , that could work , a little close to russia tho . 
  you mean most people in eu do n't like danes ? 
  way to go guys . 
  yeah well , we will be taking them in . 
  i still do n't see your point . 
  1 ) we need to reduce world 's population not increase it . 
  2 ) same as above . 
  3 ) exists in more countries than norway , they just have no resources 4 ) bullshit , that is your choice , if you force it you are stalin 5 ) same as above 6 ) ridiculous , north korea 7 ) north korea 8 ) ussr 9 ) crazy vegan 10 ) sure why not , but give support to people who ca n't afford it 11 ) most people do n't like dogs , including me 12 ) like people do n't travel already 13 ) north korea 14 ) wtf , sources please 15 ) north korea 16 ) north korea, 
  we are taking them in , they do n't come . 
  christians too , but some of them are crazy enough for me to stay away . 
  really unpopular opinion , because religion constantly tries to ridicule those who are irreligious , why ca n't it be fair ? 
  we talk shit , they talk shit . 
  baltics would move their land over to antarctica if russia joined eu . 
  i do n't like danes because they do n't like eu for no reason . 
  \u0160vedai , yes . 
  i mean there is no point for them to leave , of course it would n't be the same if they left , it would be big change . 
  british people would n't even notice something happened to be honest , i do n't see what would change for them , they have no euro , they are n't in schengen . 
  it 's pointless because we can never do anything right in the first place and need to keep fixing it . 
  if we could build an actual 200km/h + train it would n't be pointless , it would be great . 
  same thing happened with via baltica road , we could n't just do it right in the first place and make it 4 lane 100km/h + all the way , it 's now a stupid 2 lane road with 70km/h speed limits all over the place . 
  whoever is planning these projects needs to be fired . 
  the problem will exist with any type of suits , because you ca n't get that stuff of you without washing really well , which as you might imagine is pretty hard to do . 
  the only real way we could maybe avoid this is if we had suits like those new nasa z-2 suits which you would dock to the outside and never bring inside , just jump in and go . 
  [ like that . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/suitport_testing_-_z1.jpg/800px-suitport_testing_-_z1.jpg ), 
  except you 're somehow trying to justify one of them by comparing to another . 
  both situations are awful and are comparable . 
  just like isis and sa . 
   murderer who shoots their victim and a murderer who slowly tortures their victim to death are equally bad ? 
  yes . 
  the end result is that they are a murderer . 
  i do n't . 
  circumstances are . 
  method no . 
  why do you assume saudi arabia does n't torture who they execute ? 
  do you have any evidence of that ? 
  the method being different does n't really change anything . 
  and again , saudi arabia has to keep up appearances , isis just does whatever they thing is `` right '' . 
  you asked when was the last time . 
  you can see it happens pretty often . 
  they have to keep up images after all . 
  are n't they giving up everything we gave to them ? 
  pretty sure they ca n't even legally work in any of the countries they run to . 
  why do you think they can ? 
  self torture, 
  it 's low compared to the west , but high compared to the rest of lithuania . 
  rent and apartment prices mostly , then food . 
  it 's small because it 's supposed to be fashionable and high class , not for most people . 
  this is vilnius , they do make that . 
  even more than than on average . 
  so most people do indeed make that .
