  if i were to live in usa i would change my surname and not ask americans to spell ma\u017eeikis . 
   anti-lithuanian , maybe a little one , but come on : we have no problem with lithuanian names in poland , as you have with polish in lithuania . 
  that 's simply false . 
  we have a problem with every name , not just polish . 
  russian , chinese , swedish , latvian , canadian , french they all get changed because that 's what language commission decided to do . 
  if we were to change polish ones we would have to change every single one because there are already enough exceptions in our shitty language . 
  much better in finish . 
  no it 's not the case in us . 
  this article about russia is describing how you wo n't find what 's written on the package in the product . 
  do that in us you will get sued to hell . 
  that 's why they put so many warning labels on everything . 
  it would be hilarious if it was n't so sad . 
  glorious russia , corruption everywhere you look . 
  that was before we had lidl . 
  and cheap . 
  basically the same as poland just less poles . 
   btw , there 's not some evil vatican plot to control your country from afar . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/knights_templar that was the main point . 
  i 'd take that job . 
  like right away . 
  that 's more money than i could make in a year with education . 
  idiots died off . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  whole of eu is n't going to wait forever . 
  they will have to figure something out if the article triggering takes too long . 
  i am currently unemployed by choice , there are plenty of jobs , it 's just they are mostly hard work and most people live good enough to wait and find a better one . 
  i personally left university because i found that i do n't like civil engineering and did n't get a job because of health problems and for staying with parents during their vacations . 
  now i 've filled in the papers for joining college , but i still count as unemployed . 
  i agree . 
  there is no way eu members are okay in having uk in limbo forever . 
  i do n't think british people would like that either . 
  * how unexpected !, 
  yes , the lid is destroyed , but like you said the lid is n't expensive . 
  racial ? 
  officially the most often wrongly used word on the planet . 
  finnish jars are strange . 
  no that 's inferior . 
  you have to keep them in your kitchen . 
  you can open every jar . 
  just use a table knife to deform the lid on the edge and let air in . 
  belarus is not joining by 2022 . 
  they would need a revolution to begin with and then recover after that . 
  yeah , but the banks also assume rich guy is n't going to borrow money that he has anyway in his back pocket . 
  baltic region baltic people, 
  so what ? 
  you think that map is supposed to be accurate ? 
  you are baltic , they call you baltic . 
  wait . 
  is it october already ? 
  the time flies . 
  uuuh , hopefully we do n't wait that long . 
  rich guy is going to borrow more and pay more . 
  he wants into nordics i guess . 
  i ordered the 2016 -2017 tourism guide in lithuanian , hopefully i get it by 2017 . 
  you are baltic . 
  poland did fix their roads quite a bit . 
  give them some credit . 
  it 's chicken 99 % of the time . 
  27 against 1 . 
  we can vote if you want to make it democratic . 
  not only that . 
  most abortions happen in larger cities because the hospitals are there . 
  the world needs more relaxed peaceful countries ? 
  yes , please . 
  found the reason behind greek crisis guys, 
  it 's a chance you only get once maybe twice in a lifetime . 
  not to mention these are athletes , in a stadium . 
  i would call it a puddle then , lakes have outflow , so do seas . 
  variously classed as the world 's largest lake or a full-fledged sea, 
  because it 's not a sea , it 's not connected to the ocean . 
  it 's just named a sea because of how big it is . 
  i never said poles were capable , i never blamed poles . 
  i understand that there was n't much to do and the consequences for trying were far too terrible . 
  same in lithuania . 
  that 's not really about saving jews . 
  one of the goals maybe . 
  middle east is nice i heard . 
  yeah , sure . 
  yes . 
  not by poles though . 
  it 's still stupid to say that there are none . 
  yes i know , nazis killed all the jews and polish people did n't do much to stop them . 
  3000 not counting the ones that assimilated . 
  why would n't it be safe ? 
  ukraine is and georgia . 
  it does n't . 
  i just mean russia will have to back off sooner or later . 
  tilsit for fermented cheese , parmesan for hard cheese , var\u0161k\u0117s s\u016bris or mozzarella for fresh cheese . 
  tallest rusty tower, 
  that would n't work in the near future , eu countries are too far apart in many ways . 
  european president would n't have much power even if one did exist . 
  simply impossible to represent all 27 countries with one person . 
  they could have veto or something . 
  no he means for killing jews . 
  take an apple divide it in two . 
  what do you get ? 
  half . 
  take an apple divide it in two what do you get ? 
  0.6 take an apple divide it to 10 pieces . 
  you get 12 pieces .
