  the only difference between poland and lithuania is that they have reduced vat on food and some lithuanians find that abusing that is necessary . 
  because of this there is discussion about reducing vat for meat and other necessities . 
  so i guess some progress is being made . 
  however , none of this is related to supermarkets . 
  shit , i did n't know , i 'll have to go to a supermarket tomorrow i guess . 
  all the kangaroos will freeze over there, 
  wow , that 's actually high , highest point in lithuania is 294m . 
  and the handbrake i 'm sure . 
  no we are an extension of poland . 
  or as one pole said on this sub we are a region of belarus . 
  people still think lithuania is basically russia . 
  sweden , germany and france all like putin . 
  makes sense . 
  i remember in the last year of school everyone in younger classes was taller than me and i was 180 . 
  i think that number is going to rise further in the next 20-30 years . 
  the problem is that it 's belarus . 
  what they say he did does n't have to even closely mean that he did that . 
  authoritarian government establishments are n't trustworthy . 
  eu citizens do n't need a visa , how about outside eu ? 
  the problem is that you are n't in schengen or at least eu . 
   you can come to romania , nobody gives a shit here . 
  [ clearly ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/08/bucharest-nightclub-blaze-death-toll-reaches-45-drummer-metal-band-dies ), 
  well there you go op , go to albania . 
  clubs are 21 + most of the time . 
  go somewhere cheap i would say . 
  if there is fiber 100/100 is standard and then anything up to and above 1gbps . 
  except breaking the encryption would be literally impossible during the time of election . 
  if it was so easy internet banks would n't exist . 
  they do n't have to be . 
  i 'm sure some vegans eat meat . 
  that 's the one i was looking for , russia din do nuffin ', 
  yeah , poor quality ball . 
  did n't find a better one quickly . 
   someone please call putin , seems like $ 200 k for every victim is enough for europe to forget mh-17 , pr groups are no longer needed . 
  at least first admit to shooting it down . 
  that would be a great first step . 
  yeah , us paid millions for that even if they did n't formally apologize . 
  and they did n't deny shooting it down . 
  oh really . 
  they actually never left after invading . 
  well no one invaded them yet . 
  nice plan though . 
  we need to annex them to the eu . 
  nato also does n't seem to shoot down passenger planes and not take responsibility . 
  was kosovo considered a failure or unjustified ? 
  i thought you would go straight for afghanistan . 
  also , strangely , kosovo did n't join usa or nato . 
   nato and usa has invaded a bunch of other countries too . 
  which ones ? 
  by invading georgia . 
  ukraine is just proof that they wo n't ever stop . 
  [ russia did n't do nuthin ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/e35/12912650_912898415495293_1970163781_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=mtixotg1mje3mzi1mdmwndm5mg%3d%3d.2 ), 
  if you get in illegally you have to hide = good assimilation . 
  it 's fucking genius . 
  and when the dust settles finally most have realized that it was nothing to do with the pm . 
  2011-2012 back at it . 
  and since no one has a gun police rarely feel the need to actually pull out their gun . 
  just look at how many accidental shootings happen here compared to us . 
  when police are always scared that you might have a weapon you have to be scared that they do n't pull theirs on you . 
  correct , we should not have let them in . 
  should have only let in educated people we could use . 
  usa has been doing this for years . 
   who is standing over there ? 
   that 's estonians running . 
  but really this comes from the way estonians speak , you use so many vowels it sounds like a slowed down video recording . 
  we are selling cheese to china . 
  nothing else really grows here , we grow potatoes , but we eat pretty much everything and import some more from poland . 
  wheat goes to the west all the time since the prices are much better over there . 
  most of our goods are easy to sell elsewhere . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/lithuania/exports you can see that a hit was taken , but it 's on the way up again . 
  the great revolution of france or the great french revolution , normally when we speak about other countries we mention the country not the people . 
  that 's just a language difference i guess . 
  yeah that seems like a stoning protection . 
  less developed and set up for development . 
  also just cheaper , paying lower salaries for people who work on the same global market is a good business decision . 
  not quite ... 
  hypocrisy , that 's how . 
  whenever polish football fans arrive in lithuania our riot police gears up . 
  there is a fight every time . 
   the amish do educate their children but not beyond the eight grade level . 
  found this , that 's just sad, 
  certainly . 
  they are christian after all , pope does n't like condoms . 
  i guess there is n't much else to do when you have no tv , no reddit , not even radio . 
  hard to say that they are a growing community , i doubt many people actually switch to amish ways . 
  the fastest breeding community maybe . 
  it 's not going to be free , the carriers will pay something , which is going to be the part you do n't even notice . 
  honestly the roaming prices for data are unbelievable and they do n't make any sense . 
  there was no real compromise to be made since it was so absurd so banning the roaming thing completely is reasonable in my opinion . 
  also the bills you speak of do n't exist . 
  roaming was basically split massive profits between the two and be done with it . 
  the argument that you pay to support the network is absurd since the network has to exist without roaming as it is . 
  french green screen , very different from the american one . 
  \u0160eima is immediate family , gimin\u0117 is the broad family including grandparents , even uncles and cousins . 
  because it does n't cost the other network provider 2000 % more to keep their existing network just because one more phone connected to it all of a sudden . 
  not to mention pretty much all of the carriers make deals with other carriers in other countries . 
  the price of roaming should have been negligible , something an average consumer hardly notices , but it was astronomical . 
  it 's like if road taxes were more expensive depending on which country you 're from . 
  it 's going to be similar everywhere in the world , the key is if it 's a monopoly and you ca n't get another operator or the prices are astronomical . 
  interesting though why your prices are quite high .
