  small event is what jonas noreika did alone . 
  no one is denying holocaust in lithuania . 
  it happened , everyone knows it did , everyone knows lithuanians were involved in that as well . 
  hint : more than hitler . 
  it 's not hard to twist small events like that in any direction when they were happening 70 years ago , plenty of propaganda pieces from both sides to cherry pick . 
  one side says jonas noreika was a nazi another says he was anti-nazi , hard to tell who is right at this point . 
   lithuanian nazies are institutionalized national heroes . 
  they are n't . 
  they were n't named today , you mean unchanged since then ? 
  oh no , a small group of people demonstrating something you do n't like . 
  that 's what happens when a country is free . 
  how are they celebrated ? 
  pretty much all of those are relics and no one is celebrating anything . 
  what a retarded thing to say . 
  * probably . 
  no , riga sprats is cancerogenic . 
  irrational fear is a great way to move your country forward . 
  you wo n't build a nuclear reactor belarus , latvia and poland will , you will sit there with nothing still taking the same risk , genius move . 
  we do gradually and steadily increase investment , but we will still need nuclear to fill the holes until someone makes a massive breaktrough in energy storage for solar/wind to work for industry , industry needs reliable power , solar and wind both suck at that , biomass is not enough . 
  6 % is 1/16th , we are clear on that , right ? 
  6 % is fairly well ? 
  yes , germany gets very little . 
  no , independence was expensive , but it 's future proofing and a good political move at that , i had no problems with it . 
  but there are no green options in lithuania . 
  we already use hydro , kaunas hydro power plant is not enough to power kaunas alone and it already murders the whole ecosystem of the river . 
  we have no sun and our coast is way too small to get any useable wind power . 
  the only viable options become burning shit . 
  we already do burn shit , but our plants are outdated and will not be able to operate without more expensive upgrades and even after upgrades we will still be burning shit . 
  you do n't want coal , you do n't want nuclear , there is nothing left . 
  so you 're pro nothing , let 's go back to dark ages instead . 
  how about jobs , money and not choking on coal reasons ? 
  those `` issues '' you are talking about are accounted by the industry and nuclear remains the only real option if you need a lot of power . 
  so no reason ? 
  just no ? 
  exactly what i mean , no reason , just stupidity . 
  as for relatives i 'm sure everyone has relatives who died during many things . 
  i have relatives who died in siberia , should we refuse to have trains in lithuania ? 
  why ? 
  we do n't have those afaik and earthquakes over here could n't knock over a card house . 
  yes , burning shit is cheap , but a terrible idea in the long run . 
  thank the swedes for putting us on their backs too . 
  yes , but that also means you ca n't just believe that it was n't at all their fault . 
  if anything it 's most likely everyones fault . 
  and if you read further i clarify which part of lithuanians are stupid . 
  and since the majority wins voting means the majority is stupid . 
  the opposition had no argument orther than omg chernobyl , that 's not an opinion , that 's stupid and inconsiderate . 
  lithuania was almost being gifted a nuclear reactor , you fucking take that and smile . 
  did you vote against the new nuclear reactor ? 
  then you 're stupid . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  if you did n't it does n't touch you . 
  i have the right , i am of the same ethnicity . 
  when it comes to things like nuclear power general public is very stupid . 
  just say chernobyl and they vote no . 
  most people do n't even understand how radiation works . 
  yeah , we make potato dishes out of potato . 
  yes , english fans are known for just having a nice time , russian too . 
  no , lithuanians are stupid , we had a chance to build a new reactor , but it was driven down by stupid lithuanians . 
  does n't mean they were n't upgraded while in service . 
  there was a defense , the tsunami was larger than they expected . 
  that was even before chernobyl , since then the reactors have gone through many generations . 
  well , even then the tsunami was much worse than fukushima accident on overall scale . 
  even if fukushima is ranked on the same scale as chernobyl it 's hard to compare the two . 
  fukushima did n't happen because of stupidity , it happened because of a tsunami . 
  and it 's not even that bad . 
  what large scale nuclear disaster did americans have ? 
  germany is quite ignorant when it comes to nuclear power too . 
  at least seems that way . 
  yes , lithuania is overreacting ,, 
  how is this propaganda ? 
  are they telling you to become gay ? 
  * according to some meme page, 
  germany has no place to put their waste because they halted all of their power plants while they were operational . 
  most repositories are still under contruction . 
  good job sweden . 
  good thing we built that wire under the sea , no balls to build nuclear reactor , but at least we can buy from sweden . 
  antibiotics is a european invention , first rocket to space - european . 
  also control of the world ? 
  us was a colony , of europe ... 
  so , you just keep believing . 
  at least he resigned, 
  communism was a dictatorship . 
  yeah , but the shore was guarded , they used to plough beaches in the eveninng to be able to see footprints in the morning . 
  at least that 's why my father told me , he was stationed in riga while in army . 
  i did read it again , it sounds like you 're saying mafia controlling areas with millions of people is no big deal . 
  just saying , you seem to be acting like having mafia is no big deal . 
  both in the same shithole . 
  one turd being slightly cleaner does n't mean much . 
  we , uh , do n't have mafia . 
  at least not large mafia , there are criminals everywhere of course . 
  it just happens to be one of the longest words we have . 
  there is a new longer one , but it 's just not as nice . 
  yeah , it runs android . 
  yeah good luck with that, 
  misleading title, 
  they can do wing assisted jumping like chickens do . 
  yeah that seems normal to us , but it 's not normal to pronounce each letter how it 's written to anyone else . 
  dow https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7qat7iygws, 
  so you like forests, 
  or ireland,
