  still not as bad as things are in usa . 
  no it was n't . 
  it used ruthenian because , again , lithuanian language was not written , lithuanians were tribes . 
  it 's very hard to use a language you ca n't write in to write documents and letters . 
  it 's also no surprise lithuanians adopted polish so quick . 
  it 's hard to learn how to write and speak lithuanian if there are no teachers . 
  poland formed much earlier and adopted christianity which gave them scholars who helped form a written language . 
  building churches in 2016, 
  i know they did still , how is belarus suddenly lithuania ? 
  lithuania was a group of lithuanian tribes united exactly where lithuania is now . 
  grand duchy of lithuania was formed exactly where lithuania is now . 
  it just expanded into belarus and ukraine . 
  according to some of the poles in this sub commonwealth was basically poland and vilnius was the second capital of poland . 
  yeah so ? 
  ruthenia is belarus now , lithuania is still in the same pagan place it was . 
  how the fuck did belarus magically become lithuania ? 
  lithuanian language was n't a thing back then , it was n't written , was n't taught , everyone in higher classes basically had to speak polish , it was going extinct . 
  no doubt if commonwealth did n't collapse it would just have became poland . 
  what ? 
  lithuania is the mongolia in that context . 
  and belarus is china . 
  commonwealth was majority polish and some `` polish '' not surprising . 
   yes , wilno was capital of gdl . 
  but successor of gdl is belarus . 
  not modern lithuania . 
  in what way ? 
  it 's not in the place where gdl formed , it does n't have the capital , it does n't have the old capital , it does n't include samogitians which played a massive part in gdl history . 
  they do n't even speak lithuanian . 
  belarus is kievan rus ' , gdl just absorbed it through many battles . 
   well that 's an oversimplification . 
  you could say the same about lithuanians wanting to forcibly incorporate a crushingly majority-polish city ( both ethnically and linguistically ) into their national state . 
  except that the particular city was the capital of lithuania all the time during the commonwealth . 
  just because poles fancied to live in the second capital of the commonwealth does n't just justify stealing it after commonwealth got destroyed . 
  you literally just described russia the way it is now . 
  feels like it yea . 
  the boat itself looks fine to me , but then i think that it 's going to be used in australian water and it gets worse . 
  taliban wing cracked me up . 
  lsdp was pushing every party to sign a document to agree to push same sex marriage , euthanasia and abortions and ts-lkd denied it very very hard . 
  so yes , lsdp is pushing same sex marriage , not shouting it as loud as liberals , but they are , which is a good strategy , imo , they get more votes from old people . 
  ( pdf download http://www3.lrs.lt/pls/inter/w5_show?p_r=5545&amp;p_d=158047&amp;p_k=1 ), 
  usa in general is n't as cold . 
  http://i.imgur.com/o2xqv.png https://i.redd.it/jjv1yg2mg99x.jpg canada is closer to what we have in europe . 
  how is ts-lkd ok ? 
  the only party to propose abortion banning also is always campaigning against same sex-marriage . 
  they are terrible . 
  lsdp might be ex-communists , but they have some common sense ( ha ), 
  it 's dark , it 's cold , you drink coffee to wake up . 
  poland is big, 
  sure , i would have even kept it if it had ac , but no ac and driving long distances was just something i could n't handle . 
  traded it into a more problematic laguna 2 , but at least it 's more comfortable when it works . 
  clio does n't break because there is n't much to break . 
  i had one as well . 
  airbus builds it and france launches it . 
  very much french . 
  yes , recently they did improve . 
  renault at this point is just as reliable as any other . 
  peugeot/citroen not quite there afaik , but also much better than before . 
  french rockets more reliable than cars apparently . 
  they did n't sign this . 
  ( http://www3.lrs.lt/pls/inter/w5_show?p_r=5545&amp;p_d=158047&amp;p_k=1 it 's a pdf download do n't freak out ), 
  honorary baltic and honorary nordic , never fit in , feelsbadman . 
  i would vote for liberals , but ts-lkd is dangerously strong at the moment and i do n't want them anywhere near me . 
  i think lsdp is still going to be first . 
  i 'm going to have to vote for them just to save us from peasants and religious people . 
  it 's not very european either . 
  thanks . 
  slow crash . 
  cut grass i guess . 
  87-91 model years . 
  still a can on wheels . 
  we had one and crashed one . 
  go to the local market and look around  old people still have some . 
  radioactive waste is n't nearly as bad as people make it out to be . 
  it sounds scary , but it 's certainly less scary than what is happening in poland or china . 
  audi 80 is currently one of the leading murderers in lithuania . 
  it used to be a good car in the 80 's , but nowadays it 's just a can with wheels . 
  poor = cheap potato . 
  funnily enough , last week there was a sale for potato in like every store , iki , maxima , lidl . 
  we bought two 25kg bags from maxima 0.13 eur/kg . 
  this week is banana week , ~ 0.66 eur/kg in many stores . 
   the parties shall endeavour , in the framework of their legal system , including , where appropriate , agreements with other states , and taking into account their specific conditions, 
  take a nationalist pole , sprinkle in some kremlin , add some support and you get this . 
  they speak two languages like you said . 
  the streets were built in lithuania and they have lithuanian names , just because they were renamed for two decades to polish does n't really help your argument . 
  minority rights do n't include bilingual signs . 
  they do n't need them , the signs serve no purpose , they introduce confusion . 
  human rights have absolutely nothing to do with this , it 's local policy . 
  i know what you 're talking about , i 'm telling you there is absolutely no logical reason to have them . 
  you can have them as a gesture , like we just did , but when it comes to function it 's not helpful . 
  yes , except the streets are in lithuania and most of these signs are directional . 
  we have those too . 
  straight off of google maps . 
  streets are n't bilingual , they do n't speak . 
  it 's a marking , for everyone . 
  yes , after tomaszewski started stirring things up , literally no one cared before , not even poles in vilnius cared . 
  also what rights ? 
  street signs are n't for minorities alone , they are for everyone . 
  locals , tourists , minorities , majorities . 
  no , it 's just tomaszewski . 
  polish nation literally gave no fucks about this until he came around .
