  the numbers are skewed because russian was mandatory only 20 and a bit years ago . 
  we buy everything from sweden . 
  and maybe a miracle happens and we do actually build a nuclear power plant . 
  but i doubt it 's going to happen with peasants in seimas . 
  you can get by with russian in major cities . 
  only need to learn basic lithuanian phrases . 
  and if you 're young you can tackle the language as well . 
  not that i 'm proposing you go here . 
  you might kill yourself . 
  the system you use still makes no sense . 
  it ignored thousands of people 's votes . 
  they got up in the morning , dressed up , stood in line for a good while , voted and then were ignored . 
  democracy . 
  cigarettes are the worst thing ever , they smell so bad . 
  e-cigs i do n't mind as much . 
  or weed , weed is fine as well , it has a smell , but it does n't smell nasty to me . 
  please stop smoking people . 
  very good . 
  we got the boat ( hehe ) already . 
  our politicians are slowly slowly slowly starting to push the topic . 
  but the situation is sticky since our constitution needs to be changed . 
  why ? 
  pretty sure she does n't even tweet , someone else runs that . 
  our president does n't really have that much power ... 
  weakling . 
  cool . 
  it 's not always a real tree over here . 
   if your home had just been bombed , what would you want the rest of the world to do ? 
  normally that would lead to war that ends in some way and when the dust settles rest of the world helps rebuild . 
  this situation is clearly different since the war is not normal . 
  would you want us to help them rebuild and then bomb them again ? 
  it 's okay almost no one understands what they 're saying anyway . 
  that christmas tree looks pretty basic . 
  expected more from riga . 
  but it 's cute , real tree ? 
  yes , so what ? 
  they retired their rockets to save money and use the cheap option . 
  we ca n't go to the moon either anymore . 
  saturn v is retired . 
  it 's really not that much effort photoshop is really good at it . 
  but probably yeah , he hunted for a more empty time . 
  you can edit the people out . 
  especially in long exposure photos . 
  common technique . 
  there is n't no social safety . 
  but there is far more pressure . 
  the way they use their credit cards and take mortgage loans , student loans is not on par compared to what happens in europe . 
  it 's because people ca n't afford to not work . 
  in europe people without work get far more support . 
  no , they patched potholes every year , which is normal . 
  but now they are doing the whole sections of the road with new safety islands n shit . 
  they just started , the main roads got the first treatment obviously . 
  i do n't know when you last visited , but with the new mayor kaunas is fixing road everywhere . 
  star trek universe here we come . 
  if the small road is good and you drive fast the percentage of accidents is still low . 
  you wo n't be able to eliminate all accidents no matter what you do . 
  i 'm just saying good roads is the only thing that makes the most impact to the death statistics . 
  people die falling on the stairs , it 's natural that some are going to die when driving , no matter how slow the speed limit or how good the road . 
  speed limits only work if people who drive pay attention to them . 
  good road infrastructure is far more important . 
  germany is a great example . 
  they have so many good highways so people are n't on such a rush on the small country roads , because they know they can catch up on time when they drive on the highway . 
  in my country there is one highway and all the roads are shitty , so if you drove according to the speed limit it would take you as long to drive half the distance you could cover in germany . 
  roads and signs reduce accidents the most . 
  it 's not speed , it 's not drunk drivers that kill , it 's shitty road that does n't get cleaned in winter or has zero visibility at night . 
  i would n't call them fascist , but fox news does get pretty nasty sometimes . 
  is n't the sun like fox news of the uk ? 
  bullets and bombs grow on trees, 
  how is latvia ahead , what is this , not fair . 
  ussr had plenty of brown people from the asian side of russia . 
  theoretically that 's already a thing . 
  labas rytas ( morning ) , laba diena ( any time of the day ) , labas vakaras ( evening ) would be the formal versions , just labas is n't enough and sveikas/sveiki is not at all okay in a formal setting . 
  i got my plan as a temporary offer , but when it ended operator gave me the choice to extend it for two more years . 
  yeah , it 's not for a casual user . 
  better get one of the limited ones for affordable prices . 
  15 eur would be nice . 
  ( or higher wages ), 
  our government being us . 
  i pay 7.82 eur for 5gb and unlimited calls/texts . 
  last years was impressive as well . 
  explain yourselves latvians, 
  just to add to what you 're saying , radiation has not been a big issue for a while there , it 's just the contaminated shit laying around everywhere . 
  but you do n't eat cepelinai , what is wrong with you . 
  the evenings are dark as well . 
  do n't ruin the meme, 
  also the lack of traction when it rains is amazing . 
  good thing this one looks like it 's a very slow car or just pedestrian street . 
  it might since people in the north are dead inside . 
  it 's a carousel ... 
   borsch not an english word so . 
   also spelled borsch , borsht , or bortsch , comes from yiddish \u05d1\u05d0\u05b8\u05e8\u05e9\u05d8 ( borsht ) we say `` bar\u0161\u010diai '', 
  for a dictatorship belarus is actually pretty nice . 
  they have borscht . 
  that 's commonwealth . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/crown_of_the_polish_kingdom_in_1635.png that 's poland . 
  latex is expensive even these days, 
  you could still couple them together , but like i said , no shielding back then . 
  understandable . 
  also good material for creepy movies . 
  i bet they still had shovels .
