  bricks are the most expensive way to build anything these days . 
  try building a brick house . 
  the cost is not the material , it 's the work . 
  it 's time consuming as hell and if you start going a few stories up it 's also material heavy since you need to build thick walls and inner walls to support the weight . 
  brick houses are very good though , their age basically does n't matter . 
  just dress them up from the outside , new roof and you have a great house . 
  it 's not possible to build old national architecture anymore . 
  you just wo n't get good enough economy ratings and stuff . 
  also as soon as you start building something out of bricks or concrete the price skyrockets . 
  it 's not about what you want . 
  they do n't all have to be that , but that is the best option at the time . 
  those houses are not typical for the region , [ they are shacks that ca n't be torn down because people are n't willing to move out and no one is willing to pay them enough money for the land ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.6977867,25.2751684,3a,75y,23.19h,88.39t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sty53madwihtdmlpciwdq6a!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=lt&amp;authuser=0 ) , yet . 
  [ these are the more typical houses ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.7056019,25.2542185,3a,75y,351.3h,80.35t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sv68w-k324epm-xdrpehdsq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=lt&amp;authuser=0 ) some old , some already restored , some just good enough . 
  glass and metal is the best material at this time . 
  architecture is shaped by that . 
  you ca n't build a tower out of bricks and even if you could it would cost a fortune . 
  needs more jpeg, 
  of course it 's simplistic . 
  you want me to write a book in a reddit comment ? 
  but generally , an average citizen does n't have much to say about eu . 
  we just tested that . 
  brexiters screamed all sorts of things of which none were even true . 
  eu makes life more comfortable . 
  that 's all that really matters to the majority of the population . 
  the only countries that do n't like the eu are either extremely lucky and well-off without it or extremely fucked and think it 's the eu 's fault . 
  you just did that . 
  but no , opinion holds no ground , you can call it whatever you want . 
  beliefs are the same , they have no value . 
  beliefs and opinions are fine until they start to touch someone 's life , then they become nasty and unproductive . 
   what 's the end game for the country ? 
  same as any other western country at the moment , people from poorer countries immigrate and keep the amount of people working at a reasonable amount . 
  also population getting older is not a big deal anymore . 
  we do n't use manual labour nearly as much and it 's still declining . 
  making more children would only hurt latvia in the long run , more people with no jobs . 
  why do you have this assumption that latvians are poor ? 
  most of the population lives a comfortable life with no debt , housing paid in full and has all the social security you would ever need . 
  things like working half of your life to pay for education or house are not normal in latvia and they sound average for an american . 
  edit : also latvians get paid vacations , people in us only get them if their employer is a human being . 
  no , lithuanians are all locked up in their houses and apartments waiting to commit suicide . 
  we have homeless people , addicts , alcoholics wandering on the streets , but who does n't . 
   there are some issues and some countries are not too friendly i wonder why, 
  it 's not cold yet . 
   lithuania was much more civilised than i expected . 
  ouch, 
  yeah , this year is strange so far , in more ways than one . 
  did n't catch on in 3 years , do n't see why it would ever . 
  that sub is just dead . 
  this sub has 1 million users , is n't very fast . 
  that one has 3000 users ... 
  do n't want to ruin it for you , but very often all the snow melts before christmas and it starts raining during holidays . 
  i answered the normal citizen question two times now . 
  i responded  gigafactory 1 is supposed to double the world production of batteries once it 's complete . 
  double the production will mean lower prices . 
  most of the cost is batteries . 
  and clearly people in richer countries can indeed afford that . 
  anyone who buys bmw , mercedes , audi can afford the tesla . 
  mercedes c class has sold 150k units , same price as tesla 3 audi a4 130k units , same price as tesla 3 bmw 3 series 120k units , same story . 
  yeah , but an average person does n't buy a car in one year . 
  5 years is more reasonable . 
  and again , it 's a luxury car . 
  it does n't make any sense for an average person to buy tesla 3 . 
  or an octavia if you want something bigger . 
  it definitely did , last winter it did n't start snowing normally until january . 
  and the winter before i do n't even remember cleaning snow off my car . 
  winter barely started and it feels like there was already more snow than in the last two winters combined . 
  tell that to norwegians who bought tesla model s like it was a golf . 
  that is the whole strategy of tesla , going down and down until everyone has an ev . 
  their first car was a two-seat roadster used the profits to build their next car , then luxury sedan , then luxury suv , now they are realeasing luxury compact car . 
  chevy makes bolt which is basically a tesla 3 already . 
  and it 's going to be rebranded into opel ampera-e for europe in 2017 . 
  gigafactory 1 is supposed to double the world production of batteries once it 's complete . 
  double the production will mean lower prices . 
  most of the cost is batteries . 
  also 45k is n't that much . 
  people in richer eu countries can afford that . 
  and other companies are starting to join in . 
  opel ampera-e is expected to be 33k euros . 
  they were starting to pretend that they became a democracy as well , but then putin became an eternal president somehow . 
   i get why people may want to show off their support of the motherland when they go abroad . 
  so wear a flag , not a face of your glorious leader . 
  brexit will be even more of a shit show now for uk since us is unpredictable as well . 
  it 's not over yet , but trump has 99.9 % chance to win at this moment . 
  edit : aaaand it 's over , he won . 
  yes , because a country with one million people can match one with 300 million if it just spends enough money . 
  tea , coffee , water, 
  the fuck does mcdonalds have to do with people buying coke ? 
  they sell other drinks . 
  why not just make the bar fucking shorter lmao . 
  i mean how stupid can a multi-million dollar company get these days . 
  unless this is disguised marketing , make it into the news with retardation . 
  i swear most of t_d are just trolls , they do n't really care if trump wins , they would just find it hilarious if he did . 
  nato would n't dissolve if us just said `` we are leaving '' there would be even more incentive to keep nato . 
  eu elections are far more boring , it 's less of a show and it takes much less time and money . 
  us elections is like eurovision for us . 
  potato is quite possibly the least important factor in the price of crisps . 
  potatoes are incredibly cheap . 
  how many times in a row can she take the seat ? 
  or is it unlimited ? 
  i disagree with that argument completely . 
  if there was a social consensus that it 's unnecessary then the stores would n't gain anything from being open on sundays and would close on sundays , it 's not profitable to run a store with no customers .
