  our president is a woman and yet our ministers are still mostly male , only social security , education and agriculture ministers are women . 
  ( sectors which have a fair amount of women specialists already ) does n't really mean anything . 
  also would be interesting to know how many russian soldiers were on vacation over there at the time . 
  who cares . 
  as long as everyone is qualified it can be 25 women and 1 man or backwards or an even mix , should n't matter one bit . 
  well that 's what they say , old people start acting like kids again, 
  exactly , they never denied shooting it down , they had their version of the circumstances , but never actually denied doing it . 
  fuck ups will happen , but at least admit that you fucked up . 
  yeah , austrian people got together and decided to vote down the nationalists . 
  that 's how it works right ? 
  like on reddit ? 
  yes , and nuclear reactors ca n't explode by design , exactly . 
  yes , they can actually explode . 
  they want a bomb , but nuclear reactors are bad, 
  i expected it to be electric with that name . 
  also it does n't look all that sexy , is it going to be cheap ? 
  support for police has increased dramatically in lithuania and i think the show farai had quite a bit to do with it . 
  it 's just so good , almost the only thing left that 's worth watching on tv , not that you need tv to watch , every episode is online . 
  it 's fucking hilarious when people try to bribe police now that policemen get a bonus salary for turning in people who bribe . 
  i do , but there is some backlash , like with everything else . 
  no one would buy ones without double hinges though , it 's just too good . 
  they are n't shitty , for the price they are superb and since windows are regulated by the building code , at least here , they serve their purpose 100 % . 
  the better ones are based on the same principle , use the same glass packets inside , but have wooden construction , which is better , but way more expensive . 
  this feels like the 2007-08 consequence . 
  but even then , how do you not estimate the job before taking it . 
  how can you fail at something like that , there are so many examples on how to do it . 
  ever since the `` golden '' toilet scandal over here our politicians are trying to avoid making it into headlines . 
  that 's how it always goes , hehe, 
  oh i am aware , but most news i do n't care enough to read further . 
  that 's backwards , white people have lost that pigmentation to adapt to less sunlight . 
  like the room just a little more fucked up and real . 
  the skin cancer and sun correlation is not even close to smoking and lungs . 
  tfw you do n't get the reference, 
  i do n't really read newspapers past headlines on stuff that does n't really matter to me . 
  it is , but you still get plenty of uv . 
  you can get drivers arm even if you do n't open the window . 
  stereotypes do n't exist without a reason, 
  melanoma is localized , vitamin d needs surface area . 
  also like i said before it 's not a direct correlation between sunlight amount and skin cancer . 
  you can get melanoma in places that get no sun . 
  you mean they all live in basements ? 
  they do n't wear that thing at home i 'm pretty sure . 
  or she will because her skin is n't used to the sun . 
  norway has skin cancer rates higher than many african countries . 
  and let 's not forget , that 's the doctors fault, 
  dream job of doing nothing . 
  [ well , in many cities metro does n't have drivers . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_automated_urban_metro_subway_systems ) helsinki included apparently , driver closes the door , hehe . 
  score does n't tell the story , russians scored first 3 minutes in and then got crushed . 
  does metro have drivers ? 
  lidl already said that most things wo n't be cheaper , only some . 
  are nuts and beans made in russia too ? 
  good thing there is no border amiright ? 
  you ca n't reason with these people . 
   lithuanian farmers give away milk during a protest over the fixed prices that producers receive . 
  denmark is extremely expensive , that 's pretty well known . 
  you even have some silly taxes after vat over there , or at least i got charged a shit ton when i was visiting . 
  600g 4,28 $ in this store . 
  nutella is n't russian though . 
  i 'm not saying that the court can do anything . 
   nothing that really ties russian federation to the scene of the crime . 
  other than the weapon used, 
   russia will be again in the spotlight as unlawful tyrant . 
  which it is . 
  seems pointless , russia will just not show up to court . 
  add enough sugar to anything it will taste okay, 
  who told you that ? 
  can you quote it ? 
  it has that mad max vibe to it , some people love it . 
  yeah , it 's a by-product like marmite/vegemite , not for everyones taste . 
  this feels very much like a spring thing to me . 
  and i just looked outside , it looks like spring too . 
  about to end ? 
  are n't you a little in a hurry ? 
  still 3 years to go . 
  what can you do in lithuania . 
  people literally browse 15min . lt here just to make anti-gay comments on articles about gay people . 
  / just kidding and not really . 
  i mean , why else would straight people even read articles about gay people ? 
  ~ ~ taking couple photos is awkward ~ ~ taking photos is awkward, 
  we might need to pick up speed on that and she does n't seem like she is ready to make waves . 
  they were only peoples, 
  eslalit , like benelux . 
  you should see nida/neringa some time , it 's amazing . 
  germans love it . 
  italy strong ? 
  not compared to lithuania . 
  serbia is strong , but it was a really close game . 
  every year up to 2015 our lineup was solid , 2015 one was flaky at best , that 's what i 'm calling a fluke , not arguing about the other years . 
  just look at those games and how they played . 
  also look at how easy our group was . 
  you ca n't tell me you think our last years run was n't a fluke . 
  even if shit happens big you can still breathe !, 
  it 's like magic . 
  because by random chance south ossetia wants to join russia now . 
  and invaded themselves later . 
  we have one too , hehe http://www.investlithuania.com/, 
  yeah , that 's the point though , our mobile carriers have larger prices than normal stores . 
  for example s7 edge is currently 819 on every carrier page and you pay 820-850 in two years on contract for it , not including the price of the plan . 
  while you can easily find the same phone for 720 in other store and buy it in 10-24 payments with 0 % price increase , it 's just a better deal .
