  engines are renault . 
  interiors are pretty much older renault . 
  ( http://images.parkers.bauercdn.com/pagefiles/199202/main-interior/renault-clio-231009 - ( 40 ) . jpg https://i.ytimg.com/vi/cehejmjpe7i/maxresdefault.jpg ) parts that are hidden actually have renault badges on them . 
  they are assembled by dacia . 
  and then dacias are even called renault in some markets . 
   as it increases the risk of developing cancer , and young children are the most vulnerable . 
  which one is it  as of 2016 it is still not clear whether acrylamide consumption affects people 's risk of developing cancer . 
  estonia , hahaha . 
  it 's not so bad on a diet either . 
  the 400g ones have like 600 kcal , nothing insane . 
  ca n't blame the guy for writting his titles like that , it works . 
  his old videos have normal titles and obviously not nearly as many views . 
  like he said , native ads also users that visit share content , even if they themselves do n't see ads . 
  you still have to make it . 
  so like i said you want lidl to sell a prepackaged you in the store ? 
  also i doubt you can make food for 4 days for 3-4 euros . 
  did n't know italy was that cheap . 
  it 's fucking premade food . 
  you want lidl to sell a vacuum sealed italian and ingriedients for people who want to buy cheap lunch ? 
  it 's lasagne , it 's premade lasagne , but it 's still lasagne . 
  so it 's lasagne for everyone else in the world except italians . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  if the grapes are fermented and safe to drink then it 's wine . 
  what ? 
  it 's pasta sandwiched by a meat sauce and topped with cheese . 
  i 'm not saying it 's good , but it does fit the definition of lasagne . 
  how is it not lasagne ? 
  poor is not poverty . 
  poverty is when you lack basic needs . 
   no they 're not strange , going to poland saves people money , that 's logical . 
  i does n't . 
  unless they have free transport and their time is also free . 
   lithuania is not ahead , open your eyes . 
  not ahead in terms of what ? 
   acceptable level is when working people can take care of their children pay for housing and have enough to eat . 
  if simply put - no reason to emigrate . 
  so it 's acceptable now . 
   estonia ? 
  lithuania ca n't beat estonia , they 're too far away already . 
  far away from what . 
  according to imf we are ahead and going to get further ahead . 
   while poland has higher salaries lithuanians go there for shopping . 
  it only shows how bad situation in lithuania is . 
  yes . 
  lithuanians are strange , they would rather spend more money and give it to poles too . 
   reach at least an acceptable level . 
  what is that ? 
  economics is the only thing that can change without a new generation growing up . 
  or two . 
  people were leaving from 1991 to today and it has n't changed . 
  and it 's never going to . 
  not in at least 20 years . 
   what countries with similar economies ? 
  romania , latvia ... and that 's all i think . 
  poland , portugal , hungary , estonia , slovenia , slovakia , greece . 
  romania is way behind still , with croatia . 
  helpful graph , was just posted on this sub http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:volume_indices_of_gdp_and_aic_per_capita,_2015_ ( eu-28 % 3d100 ) _ december.png also you ca n't beat poland in raw numbers , not sure how you would do percentages on emigration . 
  there is no actual `` problem '' . 
  lithuania is doing better than ever and it 's still improving every day . 
  poverty problems are n't worse than in similar economies , neither is emigration . 
  people will always leave in hopes for better life . 
  that 's not going to change by whining . 
  yeah , but it 's not 2x . 
  and for groceries it does n't really matter since all of eu has similar prices . 
  what you 're describing just does n't exist . 
  but then you think all of lithuania lives in poverty . 
  well i was talking about poverty because some guy explained that everyone in lithuania is starving and wearing clothes that were passed down for generations . 
  i do n't know why you even started with doctors . 
   sweeping floors in other countries buys them houses/apartments and cars so it 's a clever decision going there . 
  dreamworld . 
  so you 're suggesting they actually do lie about how much they make and hide it from the world . 
  so you 're suggesting poland and estonia are both lying about their wages and pay way more than they say they do . 
  estonians make 30-40 % more than we do . 
  and they pay more than we do . 
   then why there are jobs which pay minimum wage in major cities ? 
  for students or people who have no skills while they are getting them . 
  if employers could n't get people for minimal wage they would increase the wages . 
   besides there are only major cities left . 
  living in a small city you 're doomed to work for minimum wage and have no hope to improve . 
  so again no logic . 
  have you been outside of vilnius , ever ? 
   but do n't worry , people have a solution - evacuation . 
  sure . 
  to rural cities or sweeping the same floors in other countries . 
  why are you comparing sweden to lithuania all of a sudden ? 
  sweden is rich . 
  actually rich . 
  compared to the world rich . 
  it 's not like lithuanian economy is going to fucking grow 400 % overnight . 
   there are louds of people with university degrees yeah , i said skills or qualifications . 
  shitty degree does n't bring in money . 
  we have a lot of `` managers '' . 
  correct . 
  doctors and teachers are getting a little fucked . 
  but they are n't in poverty . 
  doctor wages are going up quite fast though and steady . 
  http://www.santa.lt/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=868&amp;itemid=439 teachers not so much . 
  that 's not how poverty works . 
  you eat , you have a roof , probably a car and you 're healthy . 
  that 's not poverty .
