  premature birth is still a birth ? 
  it 's not about biology in this case . 
  we are talking about human rights . 
  drinking in public is illegal . 
  being drunk in public is not illegal in lithuania , but it 's discouraged since everyone has the right to deny service to drunk people . 
  being drugged in public is not illegal since it 's implied that you ca n't have drugs in the first place . 
  we do , actually we should give less . 
  at least in lithuania . 
  most people that get help here are leeches , thankfully changes are coming in to our social system , slowly . 
  doing drugs is illegal since it 's illegal to possess them , impossible to get to do part without having them first . 
  it is legal to drink alchohol while pregnant , just really stupid ( or not , many researchers ) doing drugs is illegal either way in most western countries . 
  once again you are forgetting that condoms break , contraceptions fail, 
  not a child . 
  it 's a child when it 's born , quite an important distinction . 
  if you want to make that illegal why not lock up all the women that have unsuccessful pregnancies ? 
  that 's like murder right ? 
  e-cig fluid says to avoid contact with skin , but smoking it is completely fine apparently , no skin on the inside . 
  sure , but not everything , you ca n't treat everything with placebo, 
  savage, 
  maybe it saw the bottom edge and tried to jump over it ? 
  3 photos stitched together ( or more ) in photoshop, 
  for a kitten it always is, 
  random cat in the middle of nowhere ? 
  sure when the summer is coming you can come to our freezing lands . 
  the article says  the study concludes that latvia loses 13.16 % to 19.24 % of its gross domestic product annually , or eur 3.4 billion to eur 5.08 billion . 
  so cheap cuz so poor, 
  small companies . 
  large companies are mostly clean , of course there still are problems like overtime not being paid or vacations not given . 
  in lithuania corruption is mostly tax scam ( paying in envelopes , company directors working on minimum wages ) so i would guess it 's similar in latvia . 
  depends on who you compare baltics to . 
  what 's with the quotation marks ? 
  they would take up all the top 20 , heheh . 
  wot . 
  black market potato, 
  which part of which point is a problem in your eyes ? 
  less people on this planet or less people in that rocky square patch of land ? 
  cancer has rights !, 
  when a child is conceived it 's technically a part of a woman 's body . 
  so it is their property . 
  that 's why the law is like that in all of the normal countries , when the child is born it gains all his rights that second , when it 's inside the mother mother has all the control . 
  there is a limit on abortion in months not because it would be illegal to kill the fetus at that point , but it 's too likely to kill the mother at that point . 
  edit : gramur, 
  or pee ? 
  yes when you pee sometimes sperm comes out there too , overflow . 
  or not do anything at all since it lives only 74 days . 
  they ca n't afford contraception and gamble ? 
  texas is biiiig . 
  and big things are hard to describe with one word . 
  russians most likely do n't use other contraception or condoms since their aids rates are astronomical . 
  in the west many women use long term contraception and do n't need to have abortions , that 's why the rates are lower in the west . 
  well , lithuanians are shopping in poland , polish will be buying stuff from lithuania , we got you guys , 
  it seems everyone has been . 
  it is independent technically . 
  also they technically vote for their president . 
  it 's a stupid idea . 
  unnecessary censorship . 
  how has no one noticed this yet . 
  moderate christian is pretty much `` i think there is a god '' at this point . 
  everything else is just too blurry . 
  sharia law and moderation do n't seem compatible . 
  tupperware is all the rage now http://images59.fotki.com/v683/photos/5/1112345/7306391/100_4038-vi.jpg, 
  we are fighting another war already and we would have to side with the bad guys to fight isis in that coalition . 
  when russia backs the fuck out of ukraine then we will join . 
  lithuania makes it pretty clear i would say . 
  how are they not taken out by all the bombing us and russia did ? 
  you would think that would be a worthwhile target . 
  chernobyl did n't cause 0 deaths . 
  a couple hundred response team members died quickly after massive exposure and later a couple thousand people from cancer . 
  no one said chernobyl was without a loss . 
  it 's the most tragic accident and failure ever . 
  that 's why we learned so much from it and it 's near impossible for that to happen ever again . 
   the tsunami destroyed the power infrastructure , i.e. 
  power lines , batteries , emergency diesel generators and switchgear . 
  i do n't doubt that people are able to destroy such things as well . 
  yeah , but it 's not possible to do with a couple of bombs . 
  you basically need to bombard the plant and even then it will probably be fine . 
  also remember that tsunami which damaged fukushima was caused by an earthquake that happened closer to another reactor in onagawa and that one was completely fine and all safety measures worked perfectly . 
  so they would blow up a road or something ? 
  they are relocated because japan can relocate them . 
  fyi there are people living in chernobyl exclusion zone . 
  not to mention it was a tsunami . 
  i doubt isis can summon tsunamis yet . 
  no one said we are going to war alone . 
  we were the least affected by these attacks . 
  our president basically says she would agree to support war by now . 
  do n't need fighter jets . 
  isis has none either . 
  fighter jets fight other jets . 
  do you mean bombers ? 
   behavioral or mental pattern that causes either suffering or a poor ability to function in ordinary life . 
   cultural and religious beliefs as well as social norms should be taken into account when making a diagnosis . 
  pretty sure they qualify . 
  all of them have a mental illness . 
  it takes some special thinking to become a terrorist . 
   he how about you ? 
  our president wants war . 
   lithuanian president dalia grybauskait\u0117 expressed her disappointment in europe 's `` naive '' reaction to terrorism and called for a war on terrorism . 
  english ( paywall , hopefully someone has the subscription and can copy it ) : http://en.delfi.lt/eu/grybauskaite-calls-for-war-on-terrorism-in-wake-of-brussels-attacks.d?id=70787382 lithuanian : http://www.15min.lt/naujiena/aktualu/lietuva/dalia-grybauskaite-i-teroristu-vykdoma-kara-turi-buti-atsakyta-karu-56-600511, 
  monika is not polish , it 's international name . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monika_ ( given_name ) many people returned from siberia , many different reasons why .
