  in english too and in russian and french and german, 
  which is unrelated to his intelligence in any way, 
  well some of them need some kind of government in the first place , democracy is a later stage . 
  russia 2006 5.0 + russia 2015 3.31 yep , that 's putin, 
  not that old and in his shape all i can say is , good luck guys . 
   modern democracy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index http://i.imgur.com/peekswn.png, 
  well she is a `` star '' and did porn . 
  you add those together ... terrible taste , but i do n't judge, 
  brandy and wine is not enough anymore for those drunk french i guess . 
  pope and mafia edit : / s ? 
  guys ? 
  whatever, 
  well that 's both security and them not having enough money . 
  same here , i just do n't remember the limits . 
  you can , just have to start on the young . 
  the longer you wait the harder it will be . 
   but to rob actual bank ? 
  so old-fashioned . 
  banks do n't have that much money these days . 
  you would have to rob a central bank or an exchange and even then . 
  in a small bank they would n't have much to steal . 
  in 15000 population city bank i had to order money to exchange , needed like 500 us dollars , they did n't have that many . 
  they can get transferred to netherlands . 
  oh i know that russia has private media and i also know that some networks get persecuted , that 's still control . 
  west is n't all that free either , you ca n't print some things . 
  but it 's nowhere near as bad . 
  ads should fit the design of the website , like if the general theme of the website is blue ads should be blue tone as well . 
  should n't be hard for google to do , just allow devs to pick a general colour of ads and make advertisers create different colour schemes for them . 
  the worst thing is ads that play sound once you mouse over them . 
  freaks me the fuck out . 
  most of the west ? 
  there are government media networks , but you can print and show whatever the fuck you want . 
  and many of those government media networks are not controlled by the government only funded , like bbc . 
  just the fact that russia has government controlled media is enough for me . 
  and they admit it like it 's not big deal . 
  ca n't imagine how it would be if they did n't leave . 
  not at that time , people did n't buy books at those times like now , they had to be given them to read at all and once again , books were more punishable than booze, 
  well books did n't bring much profit and were more illegal than booze . 
  so i would say it was still pretty heroic to try and smuggle them . 
  and it 's free so you are n't pirating *, 
  many lithuanians live in uk . 
  if they leave eu many of them might leave uk . 
  yep , coal is killer , in more ways than one . 
   but we got ta find a way to lower emigration asap or we 'll soon sing `` two million '' . 
  highly unlikely , our economy is growing and it 's becoming more and more useless to emigrate for money soon we will have to deal with immigration instead of emigration, 
  fukushima actually still has 0 deaths on the counter . 
  compared to the tsunami which caused the accident in the first place 19,000 +, 
  natural gas is the cheapest and most effective way for heating , but it 's not available everywhere . 
  heating of water for cities is mostly done in huge plants with biomass or coal still . 
  wood is common for private houses . 
  in recent times however geothermal heating is gaining ground , basically a backwards fridge . 
  so that 's mostly electricity , expensive to implement , but requires basically 0 maintenance and care . 
  the costs come down close to what you would pay for logs . 
  except you do n't need to bother with logs ( which is a pain in the ass ) . 
  it 's more thanks to general public who are idiots, 
  i think we will get there in another 25 . 
  but i am optimistic about it . 
  whatapp is used , but messenger is dominating . 
  that 's true . 
  but engineers can use the footage too if something fails , it 's not * entirely * useless . 
  experiments should n't count tho , not fair . 
  nah , they have a computer graphic to fill in the voids while it 's out of signal . 
  are we counting tests ? 
  or missions ? 
  do tests count ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_falcon_9_and_falcon_heavy_launches or are you talking about the experimental landings ? 
  it 's still veeeeery slow for radio waves . 
  the concern is globe obstructing the signal once it gets over the horizon , but they explained how they do that too . 
  spacex only exploded once . 
  i would say that 's pretty good record for a new company . 
  500m/s has nothing on signal though , that 's snail speed for radio waves . 
  the distance is a concern , but you can have directional antenna following the aircraft , it 's not that hard since you manage to point a camera at it , even commercial wi-fi antennas do 20-30km distances . 
  ( not saying they use wi-fi ) imagine what you can do with some real money . 
  sure , but rockets not exploding is everyday stuff by now . 
  a hd stream is still pretty rare and that 's why it 's nice to see . 
  it looks live , unless their cgi is better than what hollywood has currently , works real-time . 
  space x manages ? 
  yeah , pr is nice . 
  no cam on rocket , sad . 
  oh well , at least it took off fine . 
  united states is a federal republic . 
  ussr was a union of countries , it was n't one country , there still were borders and border control . 
  ( my father was smuggling eggs to latvia ), 
  oh i agree with that . 
  but walking out of the prison should n't be easy . 
  and for doing so the penalty should be more severe than you got in the first place so there is no reward . 
  prisons should be unpleasant though , that 's the whole point, 
  still pretty funny , 10 %, 
  and then one entire generation in shackles . 
  almost two . 
  ussr was n't a country . 
  the `` union '' part kinda gives it away . 
  there were borders before schengen . 
  no visas though , only passport control . 
  a balt ? 
  balts ? 
  atheism and agnosticism are two completely different things . 
  atheists do n't believe in a single proposed god . 
  agnostics claim that there is no evidence supporting either . 
  you can be agnostic atheist ( no evidence , reject all gods ) which is the most common .
