  well first of all if greece was n't in eurozone they would n't have been able to get as much debt in the first place . 
  so yes , it 's somewhat eurozone fault , still mostly their own . 
  uhm , there was ? 
  in both of those . 
  that would just mean we would be forced to restructure . 
  countries that have euro do n't really want to get rid of it . 
  well , they are the ones that fucked up the most in the first place so recovering takes time . 
  our unemployment rate is at it 's lowest in the last 5 years . 
  still not as good as it was during the golden age of 2007 , but much better than 2011 . 
  i 'm sorry latvia , i will try to suicide less so people remember you at all . 
  and the second one is probably monika \u0160al\u010di\u016bt\u0117 ... 
  wind is shit to be honest . 
  it 's big , ugly , loud and unreliable . 
  what do you want netherlands to do ? 
  burn their flowers ? 
  perfect example of how religion works , no one knows what they believe in anymore , but still claim they believe in something . 
  some vaccines only work for a short time , some work for a lifetime . 
   there a vaccins which contain mercury and lead . 
  why do you believe that is bad for you ? 
  do you have any proof ? 
  or do you believe the same doctors on another scientific fact ? 
  not to mention many childhood diseases caught later on are much worse and more likely to kill you . 
  yes , i know , but they can go from 1 year old . 
   most children become ill after they receive a vaccin !, 
  that 's the point . 
   and sadly often children die from receiving a vaccin . 
  straight up bullshit . 
  mandatory is hard to sell , by putting in this little bump most people will vaccinate their kids anyway and there is no fuss . 
  most side effects are minor , discomfort level . 
  severe side effects are very rare and well known http://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/vac-gen/side-effects.htm people that have severe reactions are the ones who need herd immunity . 
  no , kids can go to kindergarten from 1 year old in lithuania , up until school . 
  kids can go to kindergarten from 1 year old here . 
  we have so called `` lullaby '' groups . 
  year 5-6 is called pre-school . 
  troll on reddit and chill , for 8 years . 
  the key to successful trolling is to not fully commit . 
  this was an example of bad trolling . 
  that was rejected , so this was a fallback plan . 
  it 's written in the article . 
  a law that makes sense . 
  that 's so rare now . 
  slowly , yes . 
  but then again , russians that stayed since the 90s act like they came yesterday , still speaking only russian and knowing two estonian words . 
  i remember latvian fuel to be less expensive for a while now , i do n't really know though . 
  and yes , prices definitely vary . 
  why are you getting down voted , that was the first thing that came to my mind too . 
  has been below 1 euro for a while here . 
  as you can see we still beat latvians by a long shot on that front . 
  was not aware . 
  about the same , but latvia is always super chill about everything . 
  they have plenty of russians though . 
  what 's with the lions , not like you ever had lions over there . 
  russian language must dumb you down a lot then , my personal research here . 
  i said before , professional army is where it 's at . 
  did n't have allies at the time , did n't have much of an army , were n't much of a country either . 
  hard to compare . 
  the easiest and the least painful way to do that would be to run away for a little . 
  europe is n't that large . 
  well , exactly , lithuania should n't , but they did . 
  they even decided that calling emigrants is okay . 
  it 's just idiotic the way they did it . 
  does finland call people who have finished university and have a day job or a family to military service ? 
  looking at our history we really do n't need any army at all , we ca n't win anything anyway . 
  i personally would just run away if there was war and i would n't feel even slightly ashamed . 
  no piece of clay is worth my life . 
  why do you take the largest countries ? 
  and france is indeed the smartest , why not employ your army to do everyday things when there is no war , gendarmerie sounds like a brilliant idea , would work great for smaller countries . 
  you can train reserve without conscription , which pretty much every european country does . 
  that 's not a 2015 ( almost 2016 ) reason . 
  we will never have credible defense of our own , even if all our capable men went into military service we would n't have half of what russia has actively serving . 
  we just ca n't give up careers in the smart world to play some make believe war game . 
  professional army is where it 's at for a tiny country like ours , that 's why we still have it , just the random conscription is being random . 
  no it is n't . 
  religion on the other hand can definitely be !, 
  and that 's legal for some reason . 
  it also ruins people 's careers and lives since they decided that pulling people who have finished university and have a job and kids makes sense . 
  that was all over the news , however no one saved those couple of men . 
  why not call people who have no education , are n't working and have no families ? 
  if we were in war i would understand the call for the military too . 
  it 's not that time though . 
  and canada is just cool , similar climate . 
  no , but many people will gladly start singing o canada if mandatory conscription ever comes . 
  we recently had mandatory conscription reinstated in lithuania , which is a joke , but gladly first round of invites got filled up with mostly volunteers . 
  it 's just stupid to restart mandatory army service in 2015 , especially because the only reason our private army lacks troops is because the salary is a joke . 
  why not increase the salary a little and be done with it . 
  renovation is going full swing at the moment . 
  2016 promised even more buildings to be renovated . 
  as far as i know most companies that work in that sphere have no downtime during summer . 
  oh please . 
  people were hunted for decorating christmas trees . 
  exactly . 
  people were threats in a system all about people . 
  makes sense . 
  soviets did the dictatorship part wrong , how can there be a glorious leader in communism . 
  yeah , from first hand experience . 
  why do you think stalin and lenin killed millions of people ? 
  because they were n't communist enough ? 
  soviet union was n't communism it was a brutal form of dictatorship dressed up as communism for the rest of the world . 
  it was north korea on a bigger scale . 
  there is no such thing as balanced military power .
