  polish people in poland however are fine . 
  pickled beets * , the ones with boiled beets are awful . 
  the cherry-picked one ? 
  in that case i like it too , you can always find some nano diamonds in a pile of coal . 
  what culture ... 
  to me russian sounds like swearing all the time . 
  i guess you do n't hear it often enough . 
  italian however sounds great . 
  kaunas-lithuania/poland border construction is actually almost done . 
  scheduled finish is 2015-12 . 
  do n't know about poland side to warsaw though . 
  mostly because it goes straight up , not like everything curvy that now exists . 
  yes , the eu ca n't really force anything , it can only ask nicely and if asking nicely does n't work it can try asking not nicely , but that requires most eu countries to be very supportive too . 
  it 's a true union where members are expected to work together willingly . 
  it 's mostly people who can see how messed up russia is . 
  i do n't think that 's very funny personally . 
  hey i think our flag looks very african and cool . 
  also burma borrowed it so it must be pretty good , right ? 
  a dictator . 
  it 's not even a debate anymore . 
  true, 
  they did n't get to endanger anyone , got caught before taking off . 
  he will never step down and he is not a president . 
  numbers are way higher than they are in reality . 
  this was probably polled in vilnius or something . 
  also the numbers will drop drastically now that russian is only selected as third language if you want to learn it at older ages . 
  english is taught in kindergarten . 
  i 'm 22 ca n't understand almost anything and i took some classes . 
  nothing is forcing them to accept anything , they could even deny russian passports from russia if they wanted to . 
  these got denied because they are not even considered legal yet as crimea is still not considered russian territory internationally . 
  [ palanga in lithuania . 
  it gets pretty wild when it 's not late . 
  russian propaganda is hard to believe if you only hear it sometimes . 
  it 's more like ash just short a. 
  hard to find a short video with just a\u0161 , but this will do https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8udtzqyu4a, 
  all baltic states recently switched and they are all up towards the top , because we do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  works really well for us . 
  40-50 is better than 50-60 ? 
  this is not european at all . 
  you can see similar videos about cows and pigs , but when i visited farms with no actual visits set up just because i could walk in there was nothing even close to that in farms that work by european standards . 
  milk cows even have padded beds in farms and there is music playing . 
  vw america is made in mexico so it 's vw mexico :d, 
  you probably do n't have wikipedia in russia . 
  or wikipedia is seen as western propaganda . 
  that putin inviting lithuanians to go to russia is like satire . 
  lithuanians leave for a better life not worse also 3.5 to 1.4 million people ? 
  what kind of propaganda style data is that . 
  lithuanian beer is good , we just do n't really have our own versions of it only small spins on existing types of beers . 
  i remember that , but you still let putin take control of everything now so it really does n't help your current image in my mind . 
  if you kept fighting like that maybe there would n't be conflicts in ukraine or georgia . 
  many men die at very young due to all kinds of causes ( alcohol , drugs , carelessness , stupidity ) and bring the statistic way down . 
  also high stress that no one takes care of . 
  also men are too proud to complain about their health and constantly die in their 50 's because they neglect their health , heart disease mostly . 
  i would prefer horse please . 
  it 's not russian though , history seems to come from germany 's side into eastern europe , russia got it last . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quark_ ( dairy_product ) we have var\u0161k\u0117s s\u016bris as we call it registered as cultural heritage i think , not sure about it . 
  well germany also invaded our territories , but we do n't have anything against german people , it 's more about how russia acts now not about what it used to do . 
  bans on goods , constant terrorism in surrounding countries . 
  phobia is an irrational fear , what we feel for russia seems pretty rational to me . 
  try using a soft drink for cleaning . 
  good luck cleaning up the sugar afterwards . 
  can we stop with this bullshit already ... you can use orange juice for cleaning too , but you do n't because there are cleaners which do n't leave everything sticky after , same with cola . 
  humans ca n't drink stuff that is not acidic or neutral because of our stomach acid , everything we drink is acidic , even mineral water . 
  so yeah , please stop with the bullshit . 
  we have 3 different types of coca cola in lithuania . 
  hesburger servers one type , completely different taste . 
  then there is normal coca-cola which is in cans/0 .5 l/1 .25 l/2l bottles and then there is abnormal 1.5 l cola , which is slightly different from the other two , no idea why . 
  i do n't tolerate isreal , i do n't even recognise them as a country , if since you create yourself you are always in war you are not worthy to be called a country . 
  it would have completely ended the conflict ? 
  like instantly ? 
  you are right , it 's not practical for poland to join the euro at the moment because you have extremely strong economy on your own and having your own currency can be helpful in many ways . 
  man russia is so ... 
  they are just so fucking annoying with their cold wars . 
  you would think someone would start saying something , but no ... 
  not kidding , just was n't aware . 
  i have heard about some bombings in russia , was n't aware they were religious , thought it 's more political . 
  i would n't go to russia even if they did n't have hardcore muslims . 
  that makes it worse . 
  nope . 
  1st degree burns are the weakest . 
  barely touch the skin . 
  2nd degree burns almost get through the skin . 
  3rd degree burns touch the flesh and there is the 4th degree which is not classified , but still used in some cases , which is when burns touch the bone . 
  but russia does n't count as a western country so muslims do n't really attack it , or i have n't heard about any attacks . 
  yup . 
  our countries do n't have many people who pickpocket because most people do n't have anything in their pockets . 
  :d murder is a country wide scandal and rare . 
  well it 's more like in a list , 1 is closer to the top in dangerousness . 
  otherwise the scale would make no sense , what would you measure ? 
  likeness of an attack in percentages or wut . 
  the lower the number the worse it is mate . 
  more red - more bad should be the instant indicator . 
  otherwise called map of muslim population in europe . 
  russia does n't count cuz it 's just russia . 
  they have 31000 people and an area of 61km squared , it 's more like they have no one to put in prison . 
  we have a terrible problem with gypsy people in vilnius , they have occupied a village type area and they keep trafficking drugs and whenever we try to touch them they start playing minority card . 
  http://www.truelithuania.com/tag/gypsy-crime-in-lithuania however those who have integrated into society no one minds , we have a semi-famous singer rad\u017ei https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/rad%c5%bei_aleksandrovi%c4%8dius newspaper tag for romani http://www.15min.lt/zyme/cigonai pretty much all articles on crime . 
  so yeah . 
  lithuania does n't want greece to leave . 
  we just had a poll in our biggest news website and votes were for them to stay .
