  a little strange , like they could n't be bothered to research like two more countries . 
  it 's easier to do when you are at rock bottom , we used to do that too 10 years ago . 
  only christmas eve ( k\u016b\u010dios ) , during christmas we consume way too much of everything . 
  that 's only the case with unfiltered white led light . 
  you do n't have to use unfiltered white daylight led lamps for street lighting . 
  i did n't make it , do n't complain to me . 
  roads leading to capitals of countries . 
  more efficiency !, 
  yeah , does n't look very led to me . 
  light pollution . 
  way more realistic . 
  what stupidity , burning fossil or even green fuel is still burning fuel . 
  bad enough we use petrol and diesel now , so we should start using fuel to farm crops and then use more fuel to farm crops again to get more fuel ? 
  if we try to burn oils as fuel emissions will get even worse . 
  oh then you are fine . 
  rich enough to buy a tesla . 
  electric engine is already the most effective engine , the losses are mostly in charging and discharging batteries . 
  lithium is finite , so is petrol and diesel ... 
  this is talking about city centers . 
  nato we , yes , i know , russians have the right to be annoying and they exercise it . 
  that 's why they do n't get much love . 
   sometimes, 
  * russian military plane . 
  how does that justify flying with transponder turned off ? 
  then why turn off your transponder ? 
  if you are training respond to calls , tell your flight path and you are free to go . 
  with transponder turned off it 's an intimidation tactic , not training exercise . 
  which is why we have to send jets to follow them every single time . 
   so what do you suggest , russia not flying over the baltic sea anymore because it 's ` needlessly aggressive ' ? 
  yes . 
  why does russia need to fly around the baltic sea with military planes ? 
  reasonable date . 
  okay then . 
  well then fix it . 
  wtf . 
  no , i have visited farms . 
  it 's just not possible to get by with animal abuse in europe if you want to be any kind of player in the market . 
  you get inspected by the government and the people you sell to , which means inspection after inspection after inspection . 
  if you have two pigs sure you can be a total douche-bag , but that 's not representative of the market . 
  not in big farms then , big farms are inspected and monitored way too closely to slip by with animal abuse . 
  animals in europe are not treated horrifyingly , do n't watch american facebook videos . 
  maybe , but i know for sure that milk is tested and if there is even a trace of antibiotics that milk is done for , they can only make milk protein out of it , then samples get tracked to farmer and farmer gets a nice juicy fine . 
  any dose of antibiotics instantly ruins milk , so milk cows ca n't get those , unless they get sick , but then they do n't give milk with other cows . 
  do n't need antibiotics for potato . 
  solar panels are really not that green . 
  we should start building a dome over europe [ or it will be like in fifth element soon , we will all live above the smog . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/beijing-smog-red-alert-issued-schools-and-businesses-to-completely-shut-down-as-chinese-capital-a6763286.html ), 
  birth rates in asia and africa help . 
  they are n't , the dynamic range of camera that took this image is fucking disgusting . 
  it ca n't capture the detail that 's in the shade . 
  the quality is too bad to showcase . 
  and the instagram filter does n't help anyone . 
  windows are n't the most efficient , but those buildings out of glass are using many different layers of glass/air to help with losses , also they create a greenhouse effect which helps capture heat . 
  they also save electricity during daytime . 
  every corner of the building is adding to surface area without adding more space inside , which makes it wasteful . 
  i will draw for you in paint so you can imagine better . 
  [ here . 
  [ let me point out all the energy wasting nightmares . 
  islam is a race ? 
  and since fucking when are there no extremists in asia ? 
  have you not followed the attacks on russia ? 
  do you know who commits those ? 
  except you are backwards there . 
  christians claim something exists , i do n't believe them , they ca n't prove it . 
  it 's impossible for them to be correct , i am a neutral here . 
  yes , i blame all christians for westboro church shit . 
  but that 's just me . 
  in my opinion if you believe retarded shit you ca n't tell someone else their retarded shit is more retarded . 
   ( why are buildings deisgned after 1918 have to look like a shoe box ? ), 
  energy efficiency . 
  to elaborate , corners are engineers nightmare when it comes to energy efficiency . 
   my point is , the moderate muslims do n't follow the book literally ; just like the catholic church created an extensive exegesis that has evolved over time , so has the shiite ulama ; however , the ones who stick to solo scriptura interpretations of the qur ` an and hadith are the wahhabis , who , coincidentally , are in alliance with the us and uk . 
  the sheer amount of people who do follow the book literally is still scary as fuck , it 's like catholic church pre-reformation and islamic reformation is nowhere to be seen even if they have millions of `` moderate '' muslims , somewhere . 
   did you even know that no two countries on earth practice the same sharia law , since everyone has their own interpretation ( tafsir ) about it ? 
  hence why you get isis and saudi arabia , which are the equivalent of islamic calvinists going around condemning everyone to hell , while you have the moderate shiites or sufis who do n't bother anyone and just want to be left alone . 
  i never said anything about practicing . 
  i said support . 
  they see what 's happening in isis and saudi arabia and there still is support for it not only in those countries . 
   laughable . 
  as i said above , would you even know what constitutes shariah law ? 
  because not even most islamic scholars agree on this . 
  yes , they do n't agree if you cut of the right hand or left hand or head in some places . 
  i have checked . 
   again , you 're confusing islam with sola scriptura tafsir interpretations of both the qur ` an and hadith ; just like the catholic church does n't condone stoning in any capacity , neither do shiites condone most of the crazy shit like women and men being forced to separate at all times , or women not being allowed to drive . 
  also to that , reformed catholic chruch  again , you 're confusing islam with sola scriptura tafsir interpretations of both the qur ` an and hadith ; just like the catholic church does n't condone stoning in any capacity , neither do shiites condone most of the crazy shit like women and men being forced to separate at all times , or women not being allowed to drive . 
   my point is , the moderate muslims do n't follow the book literally ; just like the catholic church created an extensive exegesis that has evolved over time , so has the shiite ulama ; however , the ones who stick to solo scriptura interpretations of the qur ` an and hadith are the wahhabis , who , coincidentally , are in alliance with the us and uk . 
  exactly why i do n't even want to talk about this , you immediately jump to the famous interpretations excuse , when it 's actually literally written on there , no need for interpreting . 
  the only ones who interpret are the moderates and peaceful muslims , by then are they really muslim anymore , why associate yourself with crazy fucks . 
  it was a direct response so i did n't feel the need to . 
  a couple of years ago when they started rusting and looking like trash . 
  it is in the link . 
  it 's a percentage of muslims in that region . 
  so it 's taken with a webcam then , because it 's terrible , [ i realized that i was in klaip\u0117da this summer , this is what i got , just snapping a random picture passing by , not trying to win any contest . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sfuuzyo.jpg ) it 's not quite morning , 11:50 2015-08-07, 
  ask yourself why do people like you still try to defend islam using it 's different denominations and then admit that extremists are actually just following the book literally . 
  it 's funny how hollywood movies talk about terrorists as if they are using some twisted interpretations of quran , when you know it 's actually not interpretation at all . 
  that is exactly what op ment , people like you liberals , defending islam when it 's clearly at fault . 
  two words for you sir . 
  sharia law . 
  as long as support for sharia law exists islam is a threat to any western country period and it exists .
