] ( http://www.mcd.lt/lt/find-restaurants ) and latvia with estonia are fat . 
  yes . 
  retardedness of people goes down a couple points every time . 
  tbh 24/7 alchohol stores were stupid , glad they are gone . 
  no , they can turn you around with their car like they do in usa . 
  idiotic . 
  not for people to decide the type of reactor , proffessionals know what should be built where . 
  you ca n't debate with general public on these types of projects , they are extremely uninformed on the subject . 
  the way this project was planned we should have just shut up and took it , it was pretty much gifted to us . 
  also alternative power can not be compared to nuclear power , it 's just not on the same level , especially in lithuania . 
  it only competes in countries like norway where they have more rivers than roads . 
  yes it is . 
  we were planning a 1350 mwe reactor . 
  which we would be sharing with latvia , estonia , poland and maybe belarus . 
  we did n't throw away any plans , we had a fucking referendum and cunts voted against it . 
  now we ca n't do anything ... 
  need another referendum ... 
  hopefully not . 
  maybe we get through their idiot brains in 20 years . 
  ( doubt it ) oh well , poland is building some finally , we can buy from them . 
  nevermind , i just read that poland is also delaying it 's nuclear powerplant . 
  stupid cunts everywhere . 
  does n't change the fact that i think they are cunts and i doubt it because they got cunts to vote against it anyway . 
  our nuclear power plant was planned small and would n't change much , other than the fact that we could finally get rid of our stupid old polluting power plants . 
  ~ ~ it is copper . 
  http://g.diena.lt/03/06/265f6e.jpg~~ nevermind , that 's some kind of planning image . 
  it 's not copper . 
  [ pic ] ( http://www.tv3.lt/usi/662x442/3/da/e3/5e/dae35ed6b87dad8ce49a77d5a06a33f5.jpg?v=4.0.2.80&amp;t=cr&amp;s=662x442&amp;m=3&amp;f=/uploads/uarticles/leadphotos/0e/45/5b/94/0e455b94ced7c5f296e9de93dc5c1008.jpg ), 
  yes , please sweden build more nuclear plants , because we in lithuania ca n't overcome stupid cunts who voted against building one and would rather pay twice and burn coal to make electricity . 
  someone even made a campaign trying to say that if we build a nuclear power plant we are planning for a second chernobyl , i almost killed myself that day . 
  great opportunity for netherlands to get flooded . 
  they do n't ? 
  you have no idea how nato works ... we ask america to help us , they do n't want anything from us other than sometimes upgrading our equipment and having joined training , which is beneficial . 
  if america decides to go to war they do n't get to say come with me . 
  they can only ask . 
  if america is attacked then we would have to help , like that ever happens . 
  but they already do fight wars in other countries . 
  unless you mean being forced to do so , which i doubt anyone is . 
  why would anyone be against nato , what is there to lose . 
  why racist , races have nothing to do with any of those questions . 
  we have n't , but with nato we are heading that way , everyone under nato umbrella does n't feel threatened and i doubt there is someone who does n't like it . 
  ( of course there is , this is the internet ), 
  probably because eu is trying to get away from the stupid wars that have never ever brought anyone anything good . 
  why not ? 
  pretty sure if eu ever unites we will have to elect a main goverment . 
  not that it will happen anytime soon . 
  many countries from nato fought in those wars . 
  also nato is dealing with somali pirates . 
  they will because they are in nato anyway . 
  maintaining your own military could be seen as self defence if you want to leave eu though . 
  yes . 
  removing milk quotas is killing small shitty farmers with their two cows because they ca n't produce milk at the same low price a farmer with 1000 cows can . 
  it 's poland , their sport fans like to fight , i imagine they like to fight overall . 
  they removed milk quotas , so farmers started riots . 
  even though everyone wanted milk quotas removed and it was planned a long time ago . 
  it probably could . 
  but if they joined spain they would still have infrastructure , money , goverment and recognition . 
  if catalonia declares independence no eu country will recognise it , they will have no money , no real goverment . 
  one generation of people will be doomed to deal with consequences of separation , atleast one generation . 
  but he did n't do that ... 
  all of the security checks cost like half of the money i think . 
  actually sounds about right . 
  you ca n't give shit away if you are a business . 
  sometimes even when we in lithuania have some kind of deal where you win something from a store of a gas station you still have to pay 1 cent for it so they do n't have to pay gift taxes . 
  because it 's not on the list . 
  it 's below 1 % like you said . 
  lowest two countries are above 1 % . 
  in lithuania we have 34 % , but the thing is , that basically means everyone in the city has it . 
  we just have a lot of people living in private houses where getting fiber is complicated . 
  also there is internet over cable which is generally 100mbit/10mbit . 
  and some people have that . 
  dsl is 8-20mbit . 
  and we also get 98 % of advertised speed . 
  no country had pre-existing fiber . 
  broadband was pre-existing . 
  we just switched to fiber fully without trying to keep broadband alive and milk it for every cent . 
  http://mapsontheweb.zoom-maps.com/image/81871973583 our fiber network . 
  germany has it 's problems with internet . 
  many factors involved . 
  afaik they have too many providers and are too divided so they ca n't get infrastructure updated , many small companies do n't colaborate to expand fiber and stuff . 
  in lithuania for example pretty much every single strand of fiber is owned by one company which also gets some funds from our goverment , that 's why our coverage is so good . 
  41 too many . 
  i was driving around europe with my father quite a few years back , he was also a truck driver . 
  also your truck drivers talk really loud in public places , from my personal experience . 
  netherlands , denmark , uk , ireland , sweden , norway , lithuania , iceland, 
  they strike a lot . 
  yeah so russia and poland is also tiny by your standards because your group is even bigger than ours . 
  we each get a branch and you share one with 4 others . 
  also by this graph it almost makes it seem that lithuanian and latvian is not related , it should be baltic < lithuanian , latvian . 
  also lithuanian language has almost no slavic roots and somehow it shows that too . 
  well space stuff is really hard for small countries alone , now that we are in eu it 's much easier to cooperate and get funds for missions . 
  our president has the last word he/she can veto if something seimas ( parliament ) / prime minister decides goes against his/her ideas , but mostly our president is a representative for our international relations , that 's why our current president is really occupied with trying to help ukraine repel russia . 
  she was even named person of the year 2014 in ukraine . 
  our two time president valdas adamkus still has 74 % even though he is now 88 years old , retired and dealing with cancer not even working anymore . 
  our current president is also around 70 % though it changes from time to time . 
  it 's not because of sanctions lol . 
  it was because quotas were removed . 
  big farms and co-ops are still doing fine and they are not rioting one tiny bit . 
  because they are selling at low prices which they can operate at . 
  i know that rokiskio suris in lithuania bought all the milk that was overflowing because of eu sanctions and just made more cheese which they will sell later , but that did n't reduce the prices one bit .
