  however autonomous trains could in theory be much safer , even if more expensive . 
  81 % and 34 years , what exactly were they aiming for with this type of manipulation of statistics ? 
  percentage is n't round , years are n't round , neither one seems very shocking . 
  i do n't get why they picked these numbers . 
  a320 is old as balls . 
  we have autonomous cars , we have metro , we have drones , we have mars landers , yes we can make trains run on rails without people . 
  please stop trying to tell me there is no such technology . 
  oh , that would be stupid , we do n't even have trams . 
  i do n't have a metro , i mean we as humans . 
  also not all that useful in day to day life . 
  i am sure one could learn it easily . 
  i remember at least two accidents from the top of my head when trains went of the rails because machinist feel asleep on a corner and went too fast , why does that keep happening ? 
  how are there not hard coded speed limits on corners , surely a couple of sensors before the limited speed zone are n't that complicated . 
  still , trains should be automated , it might be hard and all that , but they should be . 
  they are on rails for fucks sake , how do cars manage to drive on a road with 500 random drivers around them and trains ca n't do that on rails ? 
  like i said , i would prefer that everyone would speak english instead . 
  maybe i wo n't see the time people finally drop native languages . 
  i 'll wait 50 years until , hopefully , everyone speaks english . 
  truth be told , i would prefer to be able to speak with everyone on the planet instead of knowing a language 2 million people speak and then having some kind of pride over it . 
  not to take anything away from you , since you clearly speak english you can do what you want , we can keep languages as relics of our history . 
  oh please . 
  i do fine with english . 
  and i understand enough latvian to not order something i do n't like in restaurants . 
  like you would learn our shitty language , even i do n't want to learn my language . 
  [ just one last thing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matrixism ), 
   there is such a thing as a theist who does n't believe in any religion because no proof exists . 
  that 's impossible in my mind , if you want to believe in a god you still have to have at least one of them picked out of the bunch and since all of them come from religions , you believe in one of those religions , you might not follow them , but you believe the story . 
  unless you mean personal god , but even then those are still mostly based on existing ones . 
  i doubt a lot of atheists go beyond not believing , need a source on that . 
  most of the ones i know of can seem that way because they reject the existing `` proof '' and claim that biblical god really does n't exist , but that does n't make them convinced there is n't any higher power at all , they just are convinced there is n't one from that exact book . 
  you know what , let 's wrap this up . 
  enough learning for this month for me . 
  yes , less precise , only needs to stop once and can have quite a bit of slack . 
  seriously though , humans have no place on trains , they just cause accidents . 
  you can have a human that has control over emergency brakes , but does n't touch anything normally . 
   trains ca n't stop within line of sight . 
  exactly , you do n't need to tell apart anything , human would n't even see that cardboard box anyway , he is useless . 
  and a small child would die inside the tunnel anyway , so hitting him is okay . 
  it 's a train . 
  we have metro that drives 24/7 on it 's own , stopping every 2 minutes too . 
  well , i can say that we just joined and i have been to latvia and estonia three times since . 
  it 's worth it . 
  really do n't care enough about the politics of euro , it 's damn comfortable to me and it 's worth it . 
  going to latvia now is as simple as waking up in the morning and you 're off . 
  actually they are not redundant , i refer you to this [ nice picture . 
  ] ( http://actok.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/agnostic+v+gnostic+v+atheist+v+theist.png ) they are complimentary . 
  you clearly have n't actually read any material before you started this discussion with me or when i asked you to read atleast wikipedia . 
  it 's actually interesting how you manage to pick on words and terminology without looking up what it actually means . 
  well europe also had a lot of cars that drove on petrol , but prices hit a certain point and diesel engines improved so it just did n't make sense anymore . 
  diesel is more expensive to maintain though so if you do n't drive long distances petrol is still a nice choice , there are plenty of small cars that use petrol , but larger ones no so much . 
  nah , you just have cheaper petrol in comparison . 
  yeah , no . 
  humans are useless at high speeds compared to machines . 
  trains should all be automated , pretty much every accident that happens with trains nowadays is human error , why not avoid that . 
  we have airplanes that can fly by themselves and cars that can drive themselves , but something on rails ca n't be self-driving ? 
  joke . 
  or wait until they realize that making diesel fit the regulations is too hard and we all drive petrol cars again . 
  are they self driving though ? 
  if they are n't , why are n't they ? 
  i mean it 's vw , they still make nice cars . 
  people ca n't see and feel the emissions so they did n't even notice anything change . 
  exactly , atheists reserve the possibility of belief if proof is provided , why not ? 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with that , actually that 's exactly it . 
  but there is zero proof at the moment . 
  notice the lack of what ? 
  are you picking on words ? 
  do you seriously not understand that quote ? 
  it does n't oppose anything i wrote . 
  atheists do n't believe in any religion there is because there is no proof . 
  how is `` an atheist disbelieves in god '' different , it 's just focused on god of the bible , because that 's the main topic . 
  you said atheism is believing , that 's pretty much gg right there . 
  not breathing is a type of breathing . 
  no actually , atheism is not believing . 
  a lack of belief . 
  agnostic is someone who does n't know and does n't pick a side at all because there is no proof . 
  atheist is someone who does n't believe in any proposed religion because there is no proof . 
  according to the philosopher william l. rowe : `` in the popular sense of the term , an agnostic is someone who neither believes nor disbelieves in the existence of god , while a theist believes that god exists , an atheist disbelieves in god '' . 
  first sentences in wikipedia man , educate yourself . 
  i was joking about evidence for other gods , they are all the same . 
  actually i would say there is more evidence for other gods . 
  zeus for example , the story has less loose ends and we can actually somewhat imagine how he looks like because we have statues from that time . 
  yes , not believing in religions is definitely a religion now . 
  that 's the shittiest argument believers made ever and somehow it still makes sense to someone . 
  me not having a tv makes me a frequent tv watcher by that example . 
  yes , and we joined ussr on our own . 
  if eu collapses maybe . 
  so like ... all the time ? 
  sick bait mate , like you do n't . 
  you could even talk to each other if you tried really hard , we could n't really , if we did n't know the language . 
  not really . 
  a lot of atheists are convinced there is n't a ** bible ** god because the evidence just does n't exist . 
  they are mostly trying to talk to people who claim that there is proof for bible god . 
  no one can disprove some sort of higher power because no one even makes claims that something like that exists in the first place , you might be confusing that . 
  i also believe religion has no place in our world anymore . 
  at least not the current ones as they are old age stories that are extremely outdated and flawed . 
  i understand the feeling of community , but you can have feeling of community with a book club . 
  they are old . 
  young people do n't work for those salaries , so when old teachers start to die off salaries will increase on their own . 
  not a country tho .
