  could you live a life after this with a home ? 
  yes you could , there are enough foundations to help . 
  i have not seen a single homeless person in my life who did n't look drunk , did n't smell of alcohol or was completely mental , by which case you can live in a hospital . 
  it 's the freaking exceptions to the rule . 
  lithuanian has more exceptions than rules . 
  english is pretty straight forward . 
  no trust me , when your native language is lithuanian english looks like kindergarten math . 
  if you know how to speak russian go ahead . 
  english is the language that makes sense in it 's rules and the way it is spoken . 
  i like english . 
  i like italian when i hear it , but i would never learn it . 
  in lithuania you can not get kicked out in the streets even if you have millions of money in debt . 
  you can declare personal bankruptcy , then you will be taken care of , if you had a house you will have to sell it , you will be given a modest apartment to live in and your salary will be limited by court , everything you earn over the limit will be taken away , but nothing under it and this continues for a court set limit of years , after those years pass your debt is actually forgiven completely and you can start over , you current apartment stays with you and you get to keep your job . 
  so no , you ca n't borrow your way into the streets . 
  the only way this can happen is if you are drunk or a drug addict and you seriously do n't give a shit about anything in life . 
  if it happens to me then i failed . 
  there is nothing to be sympathetic about . 
  do n't borrow money from mafia is your advice i could find in this post . 
  but generally if banks do n't give you loans you are already doing something wrong . 
  vilnius ... you ca n't live on pension in a fucking capital . 
  pensions depend on what you did in life , but they are plenty and if you live alone , if your family has died or something you get plenty of compensations too . 
  forgot drunks , but yeah , same thing in lithuania , you can easily not be homeless here , social help is massive , you can get an apartment , if you do n't have a job you are paid more than enough to keep an apartment in a small town . 
  not a capital of course , but if you move to a small town do n't do shit other than required hours of social work , like sweeping streets , you can pretty much live a normal life . 
  but most homeless people are either drunks or junkies who do n't want to live a normal life , they would prefer to drink till they die . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( http://www.wageindicator.org/main/salary/minimum-wage/germany ), 
  well , op did write under a picture `` as you can see our country is very democratic '' looks pretty sarcastic to me . 
  belarus has a `` president '' not a president . 
  lukashenko is just a dictator like putin is in russia , even though they keep calling them presidents because dictator sounds bad . 
  it 's where it should be . 
  it is unbelievable though . 
  we have maps in schools and google has one too . 
  [ how do you even live there ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cd0qqcs.png ) do you all buy [ these ? 
  ] ( http://www.highsnobiety.com/files/2013/04/volkswagen-aqua-hovercraft-concept-by-yuhan-zhang-01.jpg ), 
  i am so sorry about that . 
  it 's probably our flag , so bright and colourful . 
  belarus got owned too . 
  polish stereotype food is pieriogi , not cold soup . 
  some polish dinners call cold soup lithuanian cold soup which should give you a hint where it 's actually a stereotype . 
  we eat it every other day during summer . 
  cepelinai with sour cream , bacon and onion sauce is a classic , you do n't just go around changing classics . 
  [ pic ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/43/dd/c3/43ddc3d2475458f71884099f467a341a.jpg ) that green thing on top is blasphemy by the way , nothing can be green on a plate with cepelinai . 
  but your kroppkaka definitely looks like cepelinai , just too round . 
  it 's just - is , everything before - is is irrelevant . 
  lithuanians really do n't like to be called russian . 
  now you will know . 
  especially if you ever go there . 
  well you can see that males in baltic states also live very short , among the lowest life expectancy . 
  many causes . 
  stress , negligence , drinking , generally being stupid . 
  they are n't acting up though . 
  i doubt you would treat them this nice if they started acting superior and refused to learn how to speak polish . 
  polish people acting superior while being in a minority is something that 's acceptable i guess . 
  i mean , not that you have experience with dealing with minorities . 
  having none . 
  who am i to tell them how they should live ? 
  i am not telling them anything , i am just trying to explain to you why lithuanians find polish people in vilnius repulsive . 
  the joke you tried to make in the ending of your last argument is exactly how polish people try to act in lithuania , trying to come out superior and making 85 % of the population hate them . 
  your point was that people living there were polish , now you admit that they were lithuanian just adopted to polish culture because of the influence from poland . 
  whatever , my original point still stands too , they live in lithuania for a while now , they should start integrating into the culture not splitting apart further . 
  you still insist on this . 
  it was never the point of this discussion . 
  polish culture was pilled on lithuania for centuries because they were `` more educated '' and that led to poles moving to lithuania immigrating and those immigrants being wealthier actually tried to make peasants speak polish , which led to more polish speaking people in the area , they also got polish surnames , even though they were n't born in poland or polish families . 
  that led to lithuanians actually starting to take serious measures during the interwar period to return the lands into lithuanian by baning polish language and schools , you might say this was uncalled for , but you might also immagine how people of lithuania felt slowly getting overtaken by poland with no opposition . 
  polish immigration into lithuania was actually the one that took it way too far . 
  we should be happy our relationship actually returned to a decent standing this fast . 
  i do n't want them to dissappear . 
  i want them to be closer to the country they live in not the country they are from . 
  there are many russians in the surrounding area where i live now and i used to live where there were many russians before . 
  however russians do n't greet you in russian in lithuania . 
  they only politely ask in lithuanian if you do speak russian and then move on if you do n't . 
  and that is just one example of my personal experiences . 
  russians managed to fit in while still keeping their traditions how are poles unable to do . 
  of course this is n't about all poles , i personally know a few polish people who are lithuanians first because they live here . 
  this whole issue exists not only in vilnius , you might have noticed how people in uk or sweden dislike muslim immigrants who take over and try to push towards control . 
  minorities can always gain ground by adapting and making people see why they are right not by starting to riot , that just looks like betrayal of the country . 
  how are we not ? 
  the only reason all this current conflict happened is because of their unwillingness to integrate into the society over many years . 
  is the fact that you are asked to know how to speak lithuanian to be a citizen of lithuania some kind of awful thing ? 
  i do n't see how that is because many countries require you to know the language . 
  how about asking for road signs in polish , maybe we should put russian on there too because overall in lithuania there are definitely more russian speaking people . 
  can you seriously point out an example where polish people in lithuania were mistreated ? 
  or are you of the opinion that integrating into the society of which you are a part of is not actually a good thing . 
  they are immigrants , most of the poles that came to vilnius were doing so during poland-lithuania commonwealth , that however does not make them native inhabitants . 
  they were a minority for the longest time before all of the wars and overtakes happened . 
  you did n't take it nowadays , we did n't take it nowadays . 
  the switching happened over the most messed up time period in all of history . 
  however we managed to get it back , i do n't understand why you insist on still acting like it 's yours , it literally holds no value to you . 
  we have it now and it atleast holds historic value to us . 
  we had it for much longer since the overtake , you had it for 20 years , lithuanians left , we had it for 70 years since , polish people stayed and keep being annoying . 
  vilnius is literally a city built to be the capital of lithuania . 
  it always was throughout history . 
  and you had it for 20 years , while we had it for almost 700 years , does it make it yours that you scavenged and overtook the city in the aftermath of a massive war ? 
  yes you had it for 20 years and it was yours before we took it back . 
  but , we had it for much longer then and now , still does n't make it ours ? 
  i do n't follow your logic . 
  you mean when vilnius was stolen by poland because of messed up shit that happened during world wars ? 
  it was our capital before those 100 years ago , actually it was our capital ever since the city existed , for almost 700 years . 
  polish minority in lithuania is truly annoying , it 's mostly the fact that they do n't want to integrate into the society , but want every benefit anyway .
