  [ audimas ] ( https://www.audimas.com/en ) is the only one that i know . 
  cyprus is in the eu so it 's an exception i would guess . 
  i think that 's one of the main reasons why women shop second hand so much . 
  i as a man know for sure that my worn out clothes are only good as rags after i 'm done with them , no one would buy that . 
  and it 's the case with most male clothes i find in second hand stores , i think the ones that are n't completely trashed are either from people who died or the clothes just did n't fit well and there was no way to return . 
  they are interesting because they are different so people might stare a little , but other than that no one cares . 
  pretty sure independence day was n't a documentary , so yes . 
   it will happen . 
  now it 's about damage control . 
  more like , it 's happening . 
  it 's going to happen would mean something changes in a day . 
  i do n't have a tv . 
  but it 's uncommon . 
  most people do have one , they do n't necessarily watch it , but most do have one . 
  normally some are painted on saturday for decoration and we make fresh ones to eat on sunday . 
  and by painting we normally mean the onion skin method . 
  eat eggs and paint eggs and maybe the kids will roll eggs . 
  eat . 
  eggs . 
  no , twitter is not a thing . 
  facebook . 
  it just got renewed here and i think it 's absurd . 
  it came because our professional military did n't get paid enough . 
  just pay the people instead of mandatory service . 
  i do n't have a tv , but i think viasat sport baltic is the best/only one . 
  they do f1 , motogp , uefa and euroleague . 
   and i think this compromise has been almost achieved in poland by not letting mother control what goes on in her body ? 
  even contraception is a difficult topic in poland , which is just awful . 
   most people belonging to a stateless nation , despite lacking their own nation state , nonetheless hold citizenship in one or more countries , in some cases effectively as second-class citizens . 
  it just is n't . 
  it does n't have the rights humans have . 
  edit : even in poland . 
  is there a non-citizen on earth ? 
  would be hard to find one i would guess . 
   women are n't the ones mutilated in an abortion . 
  depends on the abortion . 
  also they can be mutilated in child birth , even killed . 
   we should just make murder legal for everyone , since we would n't want to limit murder just for kids . 
  that would be agephobic , no ? 
   no , murder is illegal , but for it to count as murder you have to kill a human , which fetus is n't . 
   you ca n't deem someone as inhuman just because of what stage of development they 're at . 
  you can . 
  and we do . 
  it 's logical and it 's the law . 
   yes , when you were growing up your life was also dependant on your mother . 
  that did n't give her the option to kill you . 
  when you 're born you become a citizen and that 's when the option to kill dissapears . 
  actually it dissapears a bit before because the abortion would be risking the mothers life so doctors wo n't do it . 
  it 's not a kid . 
  it does n't have rights , it 's life depends on the mother . 
  therefore the mother has the choice . 
  also what do suicides have to do with anything ? 
  do you want to ban those as well ? 
  russian with some nonsense inbetween . 
  telling women what to do with their bodies is even older . 
  you guys should ban masturbating . 
  and ignoring the rights of living women makes you a stone age country . 
  it 's so bad i hope you do n't see it . 
  no i mean our current infrastructure that deals with nuclear waste is doing it 's own thing just fine . 
  you 're making it a problem , when it is n't a problem currently . 
  it 's a thing that we know about . 
  your examples go from chernobyl to some minor problem which was n't a problem since it was solved before doing any damage . 
  it 's like avoiding flying on a plane because it might just crash . 
  it 's a known manageable risk to avoid one known extremely difficult to manage risk . 
  renewable stuff still needs to be made . 
  your glorious solar panels that you 're putting on your german roof are made in china next to a power plant burning coal . 
  it 's not economical in a sense that the current methods are still sufficient without investing into new infrastructure . 
   ever heard of groundwater ?!, 
  there are reasons why we have some extreme laws protecting it from pollution . 
  every heard of geology ? 
  you 're literally going from chernobyl to groundwater pollution , one in a million mistake plus one in a million mistake equals something bad . 
  right . 
  it was better since it was n't organized . 
   problems with storing nuclear waste . 
  you have to find a secure location where you can store the waste for the next ~ 100.000 years . 
  we would still deal with it , if the neanderthals had nuclear energy . 
  it 's practically impossible to find that storage area . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's just not economical at this point since it 's not needed yet . 
  it costs a lot of money and the current methods of keeping it are still good enough . 
  not to mention the nuclear waste does n't just naturally spread all over and kill people left and right . 
  and also no , if neanderthals had nuclear energy all we would have is low level waste , which is n't at all difficult to store . 
  for example you can put it back where you found the uranium in the first place . 
  literally ran away from a wolf into a bear . 
  by what ? 
   however i think the consequences of a nuclear disaster are far too risky even the worst handled nuclear disaster ever was n't so bad . 
  you would have to intentionally disrupt everything that we have learned to prevent that for similar result . 
  not to mention the amount of nuclear disasters is basically non-existent . 
  fossil fuels kill people every day . 
  the stupidest part of what germany did was close fully operational plants in one day . 
  that 's stupid , very stupid . 
  they should have phased them out overtime as the fuel runs out or plants need refurbishments to keep going . 
  just throwing the plants away in one day did far more damage than keeping them operational . 
  then what is burning fossil fuels ? 
  strangling yourself to death ? 
  nuclear power is cutting your own flesh ? 
   for example i 'm glad germany discontinued its use of nuclear energy that 's stupid, 
  what makes me the least ashamed is our improvement as a country over the years . 
  second part ? 
  europe or european union ?
