  capital tallinn and tartu , that 's why the other dot is so low . 
  * i 'm joking of course *, 
  [ we have koops . 
  amish of europe . 
  way more drug selling though . 
  edit : [ removed ], 
  attracted to politicians ? 
  estonian-russian women are strange . 
  that 's just no traffic lights . 
  might as well build a wall in the middle of that intersection , similar effect . 
  watering , stops dust from flying all over the place and makes it accumulate near sidewalks so then you can sweep it up . 
  no idea why they are parked in the middle of the city though , just russia things ? 
  drive a little earlier or a little later for a change , you will find a gap eventually . 
  that too . 
  nyc metro area has almost 8 times more people than lithuania as a whole . 
  vilnius only has 542,664 people as of 2015 . 
  [ it 's a paradox , moon near horizon always looks huge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moon_illusion ) also [ that 's nothing , look at this one . 
  ] ( http://www.spaceweather.com/swpod2011/20mar11/paco-bellido1.jpg ), 
  that 's nothing for most cities , i do n't understand this picture . 
  unless you mean the moon , the moon looks cool . 
  well , just a historic regional park . 
  a legend says that stalins pipe was on the desk when the borders were being drawn and no one dared to move it , but that sounds like a joke to me . 
  a more reasonable version is that the local community actually asked ussr leaders to be joined to lithuania . 
  and when lithuania `` joined '' ussr they did that . 
  [ this one ? 
  just a cute ribbon ... 
  yeah , well . 
  he has some friends , they voted did n't they . 
  waldemar tomaszewski is openly supporting kremlin propaganda too , you just ca n't make that many friends in lithuania that way . 
  minority itself was all fine until waldemar tomaszewski came along and stirred up all the conflict . 
  now it 's not so fine anymore . 
  and we do n't dislike poles . 
  we do n't like those lithuanian-poles that only want conflict and make unrealistic demands . 
  yes , the lovely minority action and the cause of all the conflicts with polish minority all thanks to their glorious leader . 
  they are just lovely . 
  i think it 's great that they merged . 
  at least some people will maybe notice what they are actually trying to do over there . 
  oh wow , liberals actually won something . 
  that 's rare . 
  well actually , this is based more on a person anyway less on the party . 
  so like i said , it 's a lithuania problem not his or estonia problem . 
  how can you expect someone to pay vat on company vehicles , i did n't even know we did that , now i am surprised any company in lithuania has vehicles at all . 
  that 's bs . 
  he still has to pay taxes in estonia , really nothing can be avoided here . 
  if taxes in estonia are lower then maybe he saves something or maybe insurance is cheaper . 
  but that 's just smart for him and good for estonia . 
  that 's why kaunas is finally fixing it 's roads . 
  pretty much every main road got new asphalt , he needs to drive his ferrari around . 
  people are not complaining . 
  city mayor is the owner of one of the largest companies in lithuania , i am not surprised at all that he is driving a ferrari . 
  he has 80 companies in total that are in 18 different countries so he has cars registered in many different countries too . 
  his family cars are registered in lithuania because they spend the most time in lithuania . 
  my great-uncle watches russian channels all the time and he actually believes most of the propaganda . 
  i ca n't be near him , my brain boils . 
  like always , extremely interesting , but very badly documented history of our culture , it 's hard to even dig up enough evidence to make a documentary about curonians , all we know is that they were fierce and had a couple of wars and alliances with vikings . 
  that 's of course because they had no writing at all that that time . 
  it 's also interesting that most evidence of curonians comes from scandinavians themselves , but not that surprising , like i said before , no writing thing kinda sucked . 
  people who voted russia are trolling the poll , there is no way someone genuinely thinks russia is friendly to lithuania . 
  ( ofc there is a way , but i refuse to believe in those people ) . 
  whatever it was it 's great for the people . 
  roaming is a pain in the ass , especially for data . 
  well russians are worse , but that 's not really something i feel comfortable going on . 
  in my eyes we are the worst . 
  canada , obvious choice in my opinion . 
  russia was aggressive against georgia and our president was standing up for them , since then she kept good relations with them . 
  and in general we have this image that georgians are our buddies , far away neighbors . 
  georgians love lithuania , we love you back georgians < 3, 
  yeah , but that rule has exceptions , like lgbt people , women that need abortions , stem cell research . 
  yeah , like estonia . 
  poland is too religious for liberal parties . 
  pretty much everything that liberals push is against what religious people believe . 
  potato brown, 
  it 's baltic sea tho . 
  you are both lost . 
  germany is lost too . 
  it 's not really people in positions of power who decided to keep the tri-colour , our people like it too , it 's easy to reproduce and dress up like it and it 's really visible . 
  [ our basketball fans bring both anyways . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/lithuania_and_historical_vytis_flags_during_eurobasket_2011.jpg ), 
  tea with milk too , just so much britain in one picture . 
  gib away you mean , wilno was only polish for 20 years mate . 
  that 's [ jogaila symbol ] ( https://www.pinterest.com/pin/392024342539981246/ ) , he was grand duchy of lithuania and king of poland at the same time and he was the one who brought christianity into lithuania . 
  i guess double cross is because of two countries . 
  no idea . 
  also like neiodas said teutonic order was not a peaceful organization , they had lost their ways and christian poland had to kick their ass together with already christian lithuania to end their spread . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_grunwald if you think teutonic order was trying to spread christianity they were actually not doing that anymore at that time . 
  trees modeled themselves after the flag . 
  our current flag is basically just colours someone decided to pick . 
  our real old flag is actually [ this ] ( http://gs.delfi.lt/images/pix/file58697823_fe3271ad.jpg ) , but it was decided to keep the tri-colour because it 's easier to reproduce , re-size and stuff . 
  austrian flag when it 's cloudy you mean . 
  lithuanian flag autumn , estonian flag winter . 
  oh i know it is , but it 's corruptness normally does n't show up on newspapers like that . 
  how did they get into russia in the first place , they need visas to go to russia too and why not stay there . 
  nice price . 
  me and my classmates just flew kaunas-copenhagen-kaunas for 10 euro , was pretty fun too , recommend it . 
  these cheap travels are killing it . 
  i know where you got that idea from guys . 
  i know . 
  every time i watch this video at 0:25 i hear `` yank people are coming back to the country ... '' it just never goes away . 
  that 's mostly because there is no financial need to develop a fully autonomous airplane . 
  but planes can land themselves , there is absolutely nothing that could stop them from taking off themselves , other than the fact that it is n't needed .
