  it 's niche , i do n't like it , judging by youtube ratings a lot of people do n't either . 
  eurovision is a popularity song contest . 
  why would you go see what it is , i told you it 's cruel, 
  it 's awful . 
  i actually had to pull up the lyrics because i could n't understand what she was singing and even then i still could n't understand what the song was about . 
   i expect that to be repaid by eurovision points !, 
  that is just cruel , asking someone to vote for that ... 
  i hope we go out before the finals so less people see the abomination we are sending . 
  pretty sure it was a livestream, 
  are you trying to prove his point or joking, 
  sure . 
  they have above half a billion in revenue . 
  i 'm sure their profits could cover that . 
  i would suggest trying georgia this year , cheap , nice , georgians love eu a little bit now . 
  why the f would france ever leave . 
  sure , but economics can make life suck real bad . 
  pretty exact number as well . 
  ca n't beat idiots with anything . 
  that 's why you need to help non-idiots . 
  we will go down and down and down . 
  the roads are getting fixed , stupid intersections sorted out , more clear signs and markings . 
  the speed limits and speed cameras are n't the things doing it , even though our goverment wants to believe that . 
  as long as you do n't drink borjomi after latvian sprats you should live i think . 
  but it 's poison , your government said so . 
  we are talking raw meat here . 
  but yeah , everything is from abroad here too , mostly germany and poland . 
  yes , but that 's the point . 
  that is the whole strategy of lidl , beat the competition at the very lowest tier . 
  getjar is so old it was a thing when nokia was big . 
  like 10 years ago . 
  dunno , i bought fresh meat from lidl a few times now and it was perfectly fine . 
  if it 's packaged it 's most likely the packaging gas that stinks , not the meat . 
  of course it 's comparable , it 's still a food store , but they do n't sell premium anything , it 's just lidl branded cheap things for cheap . 
  i dunno about the meat products , the stuff we get in lidl here is quite good , mostly from germany . 
  the cereal i would n't buy since the branded good stuff is n't expensive at all . 
  lidl is supposed to be cheap , it 's the store of cheap everything . 
  i think they use everything . 
  very much doubt that . 
  maybe for express shipping . 
  https://www.dpd.com/de/versandmoeglichkeiten/unser_versandangebot/internationaler_versand if amazon uses dpd , they drive . 
  pretty sure they drive on the same road since it takes 5-7 working days for finland and 5-7 to lithuania . 
  i doubt they to go finland through sweden , they might , but i doubt it . 
  also does n't amazon just use dpd or something like that ? 
  it actually makes me mad . 
  finland gets free shipping for things above 39 eur , lithuania does n't . 
  lithuania is closer to germany amazon what the fuck, 
  `` made in eu '' is basically equal to `` made in poland '' , at least in lithuania . 
  ooh . 
  i just got it now . 
  first movie was a long time ago . 
  of course there are . 
  nasa johnson posts some of the best shots . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/nasa2explore/albums if you want raws you go to here https://eol.jsc.nasa.gov/searchphotos/showqueryresults-cooliris.pl?results=latest_iss_imagery but there are so many images here i do n't think one person has ever seen them all . 
  wait why are you getting that many upvotes, 
  they lose consciousness very quickly . 
  gassing is painless with the right type of gas . 
  well they should n't survive the gassing . 
  clearly . 
  yes , exactly why diesel is better , you need less of it . 
  no we wo n't . 
  we wo n't be buying new cars for at least 10 more years . 
  old car pretty much has to be diesel because there are n't many petrol ones to choose from , not to mention the petrol prices . 
  this is a homogay subreddit . 
  about russians thinking all of the west likes taking it in the butt from anyone ? 
  yes , because linear trends happen all the time in the real word . 
  that is because real russians do n't like visiting western homogay subreddits . 
   as i said before , you ca n't undo 20 years of demographic damage with a couple of years of higher fertility . 
  demographics do n't work like that . 
  but we do n't need more people , likely will never need more people ever again . 
  is it better to have old people + young people with no jobs on support or just old people ? 
  plenty of russian pee and poop to balance it out . 
  not at all what happened . 
  hitler was religious . 
  stalin wanted people to see him as a god , so the other one got in the way . 
  it 's not the same as just not believing in gods . 
  also if we total up all the religion inspired kills i 'm sure they are way ahead . 
  i do n't quite see the amazement . 
  there were singers in wheelchairs before but at least they could sing without slurring . 
  uk was not , but then they could get cheaper workforce to even it out . 
  none of the top economies in eu were net receivers , that 's the point . 
  but like i said , i doubt that among all the chaos farmers will get all the funding they had before . 
  it will be a nightmare for them , the uncertainty of it all . 
  that 's why i said replace those instantly . 
  i am sure they can work it out in time . 
  let 's not forget the eu support that is given to agriculture , i doubt uk will have money to replace those instantly . 
  it will magically destroy wages . 
  no way the economy does n't crash . 
  then comes swiss cheese . 
  well first of all it screams at you . 
  secondly it 's not the most effective or the lightest or anything best . 
  and it screams at you while doing the same thing others can . 
  is it the strange dirt on the background or the flags or the strange hairline ? 
  yeah , the languages mixed because of the region , but they are different from the roots . 
  no relation to slavic other than some loan words . 
  yep , no thanks czechs . 
  the guy is irish . 
  well shit , maybe sprinkle some in the baltic sea , i 'll go fishing . 
  because australians like to watch it . 
  ( we do n't know why ) but we know why australia joined . 
  now they complain that they have to study too much when learning both polish and lithuanian , which is also funny .
