  however small farmers really felt the impact of quotas being removed since they can not produce at low prices big co-ops can . 
  can they finally shut up with the protests . 
  we finally get a free market , small shitty suppliers get pushed out and now they riot , they should have expected this and adapted , joined co-ops because the date was set long time ago . 
  brown does n't blend into towns . 
  it 's just for middle east i am pretty sure . 
  they think *, 
  netherlands cuz weed and they speak english . 
  beautiful . 
  norway is like one big mountain , 5m rise would n't touch one sheep . 
  they have more money than where you come from . 
  well what do you want us to do ? 
  send in the expendables ? 
  like i said , not by any definition we are n't . 
  if that is your personal belief then fine . 
  but technically we are in northern europe by any standard of measurement . 
  there is nothing to increase pensions from ... and there really is no need for that , people complain about heating and apartment maintaining costs and they still live in kaunas or vilnius , what the fuck do you live in the most expensive places for , sell your aparment , move away from the city and your pension will be more than enough . 
  i got this from what i see . 
  my own cousin had free food in school when her mom has a business selling flowers in a city centre and her father was working in construction ( illegally obviously ) , you can say what the fuck you want but i am sure you do n't survive in a city centre selling flowers if you make less than 200 eur a month . 
  also i know not one , but many people who work illegally and get social benefits , you know what their income officially is ? 
  yes , below poverty line . 
  but they drive bmw 's and have houses . 
  there are plenty of chances to get a job , but it wo n't be as good as not paying 40 % taxes from your income . 
  the system is being abused so the stats look awful . 
  also many business owners pay in so called envelopes so they show that you make minimum wage and they give you the other half illegally , we even had campaigns trying to eliminate this practice , but of course one campaign wo n't solve this . 
  people here do n't understand that if you do n't pay taxes you do n't really gain anything overall . 
  say what ? 
  where did you get that from . 
  our stats are disgustingly skewed because many small business owners hide their income and we still have many people living in small villages where just getting the financial support the country provides is more than enough and they do n't see a point of getting off their asses and getting a job . 
  just recently we had changes to our unemployment rules so our social system gets scammed less , but it still gets scammed a ton . 
  people get social support and work as illegals even when they live in the same country . 
  it 's hard to get these bad habits out of people and we are working towards it , 24 years was n't quite enough yet , we probably need two more decades . 
  yeah , well you see polish point of view . 
  they stole our lands for 20 years we stole them back for 20 years , it 's their land forever now . 
  it has been allowed , you can put your own sign on your own house with your own money . 
  the ban was a leftover from old times which is now removed . 
  all of the countries are stacked straight up . 
  also we are about the same distance away from north pole as denmark is and we are closer to the west than latvia or estonia . 
  there we go you called us retard , really helpful and exactly how poles act here . 
  you do know that never helps and always make it worse ? 
  ( just like for poles in lithuania ) like i said i would be ** for ** bilingual names , except polish hissy fits are making them impossible too . 
  well obviously you do because lithuania is in eu . 
  so was latvia just recently , they just passed a solution for bilingual names , in latvian and original . 
  we did n't because that was n't actually proposed by anyone . 
  we are trying to be special because our language is special and unique to us . 
  some of lithuanians who are of polish descent . 
  if they took polish citizenship they would n't be required to do that . 
   bilingual signs aren ' `` hissy fits '' but standard procedure in areas with ethnic/national minorities . 
  in some countries . 
  and lithuanians do n't want that . 
  the other 90 % of people do n't want bilingual signs for many reasons . 
   you know , maybe if you did n't dismiss lithuanian poles ' and call their concerns as hissy fiymts , they would n't be pro-russian today . 
  if they see russia as some kind of holy grail they are free to move over . 
  all of the complaints they have are about lithuanian culture , they do n't want to be lithuanian yet they want lithuanian citizenship and they want to live in lithuania . 
  poles are n't required to make their names lithuanian either . 
  if you are a polish citizen you can have your name in polish letters on pretty much any document . 
  if you want to be lithuanian citizen your name will have to become lithuanian . 
  old language , extremely tight rules for modernizing it , original names were proposed many times before the polish hissy fit and voted against . 
  it applies to everyone else too , russians , chinese , latvians . 
  poles are not an exception here . 
  they do n't . 
  our pronounciation rules are different and we write how we pronounce . 
  if we wrote in polish alphabet we would not know how to pronounce it properly without learning polish pronounciation rules . 
  bilingual signs is not some kind of magical invention and it 's a complete hissy fit from poles . 
  having street signs with two languages would just confuse tourists and be a waste of money from the budget . 
  also if we ever were to have bilingual signs they would be in lithuanian and english . 
  names on ids was discussed many times before the hissy fit and it was decided that it has to stay that way to preserve our language pronounciation rules . 
  poles also completely ruined their changes in having bilingual names in ids which could be possible , but they decided to go with original name only proposition and now they ca n't propose anything for a few years because it got shut down . 
  and yet they still act like they moved in yesterday . 
  russians who are our second biggest minority actually do n't refuse to learn lithuanian and most of them actually go to lithuanian schools and not because it 's the only one available , it 's just better education and you get to learn lithuanian as your first language since you will be living here anyway . 
  lithuanian pronuncation is completely different though and it 's very apparent . 
  we still have enough polish schools . 
  having enough schools is not the problem here . 
  i do n't even know why it 's being spoken about . 
  ministry of education did not want more subjects in lithuanian , poles started it , they were complaining about a hard lithuanian exam , so ministry decided that having more subjects taught in lithuanian would help with that , now they complain again . 
  what actions . 
  they were mad they could n't pass the lithuanian exam , so our ministry of education added more lithuanian hours to help with that . 
  now they complain that they have too much lithuanian even though they were complaining they had not enough before . 
  if you explain what is wrong with trying to help students and giving them more hours of the subject they are struggling with then i will agree with you . 
  sounds like a mental problem . 
  i had streptococcus pyogenes infection ( [ we call it rose disease here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/erysipelas ) ) in my leg 4 times . 
  so now i sometimes feel like my leg is hurting even though it 's completely normal and if anything like grass touches my leg i freak the fuck out . 
  also because that infection causes your leg to swell and heat up i always feel like that foot is warmer than the other one . 
  observer members of nordic council for 24 years now i would say we are becoming slightly nordic too . 
  oh , most people do n't get vaccinated against that here . 
  unless they go to the forest often , since you need to renew it . 
  in my whole family only my grandmother and grandfather are vaccinated . 
  not by any standards though . 
  we are northern on the map , it 's just the eastern name stuck cuz eastern was the underdeveloped side and we were underdeveloped . 
  well he is lucky it 's not tick-borne encephalitis , lyme is like a joke compared to that abomination . 
  yes , white is casual . 
  like i said my mom likes white better . 
  rose is white with some red leftovers . 
  i prefer white alone . 
  well that 's slightly offensive . 
  unless you do n't call georgia georgia , then it 's okay . 
  my mom ? 
  also : cold wine = white , room temp wine = red . 
  if you live by those rules you can consume equal amounts of both . 
  yeh , but size does n't mean everything it 's what you do with it . 
  idk , it just seems that we are further ahead since ussr .
