  i can book an apointment with a gastroenterologist from my house in underwear right now . 
  it 's a very busy profession it seems so i would have to wait a month . 
  that 's if er did n't help me , because in most cases when i had problems they did . 
  not quite . 
  the first opinion poll was 61-39 . 
  after the campaign ended the estimate was 65-35 . 
  are you going to the family doctor or gastroenterologist ? 
  when booking an apointment how many hospitals and doctors did you check ? 
  and what country are you from . 
  3 months seems extremely unlikely to me . 
  uh , go to the er ? 
  you know you can just walk in there , right ? 
  and it 's why a lot of people in usa do n't get help when they need it , scared of getting a bill . 
  not at all . 
  if you have a specific problem you go to a specific doctor and then the wait is a couple days at most , if you want to go to your family doctor for some other reason you might have to wait a couple of weeks . 
  not to mention you can go to any public hospital you want , there are always open slots somewhere . 
  i would imagine more than half of r/the _ donald subscribers are just trolls feeding the other half which are idiots . 
  they are still going on about `` macron leaks '' which have been proven to be fake and this is an upvoted comment https://www.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/69rrxr/france_vote_turnout_calculation_at_5pm_653_min/dh8uzzb/ if that is n't trolling i do n't know what is . 
  it 's not going to last . 
  we 've reached +20 this weekend . 
  did n't know latvian anthem was so religious . 
  uk has a fake double-decker bus stand https://www.15min.lt/galerija/maisto-muge-gedimino-prospekte-24773#galerija/24773/466240, 
  no explanation ? 
  in lithuanian it 's continuing the bird theme . 
  april - pigeon , may - common cuckoo , because it starts singing at this time . 
   ... by arguing about something that the majority of the eu 's population would never have to deal with either way ? 
  extremely rarely are politicians studying politics , most often they come from other fields into politics later in life , that means learning obscure languages later in life . 
  it 's unneccesary burden , it 's just plain stupid . 
   yeah but no country would send a non-english speaker , so that means it 's still easier to get into the eu parliament from an english-speaking country , because you wo n't have to learn any language . 
  that is a nicely retarded argument since it 's exactly what is the case currently . 
  i do n't see what would change . 
   you are literally arguing that speakers of certain language should be privileged and have an easier time with the eu . 
  no , i am arguing that the majority of eu population should have an easier time in the eu . 
  sure , it 's someone 's native language , big deal , representatives of eu still come from all the countries . 
   making laws is already ridiculously slow , so who gives a shit . 
  it 's not we have a quota for how many laws to pass , now do we ? 
  ridiculous argument once again . 
  `` making cars is already slow why not remove all the robots from factories and return to hand assembly '' . 
  it 's 2017 . 
  the world is going to speak one language eventually , there is no stopping it . 
  just making ridiculous sidesteps is n't going to help anyone . 
  so you want to slow down the process of making laws for no reason . 
  none of your arguments make any sense other than your imaginary `` it would be kool '' . 
  fuck if we are going to use a non existing language let 's do klingon . 
  did what you just wrote make sense in your head or you did n't read what you typed ? 
  honestly , latin is dead , you wo n't revive it and no one in their right mind would choose it for eu legal language . 
  did you forget the part where people still have to learn that language ? 
  actually learn it to a point where they are fluent since it 's laws they are writting , misinterpretations are not an option . 
   what if china booms even more than it already did and mandarin makes english obsolete ? 
  impossible to see why it would . 
  not to mention chinese people speak more english than ever . 
  it 's still a huge waste of money and that would make the job of bureaucrats harder for no reason , it 's stupid in every way you look at it . 
  no it 's not needed . 
  it 's again , illogical to choose a language majority of people do n't speak . 
  english already is the unofficial secondary language of the eu , of the world even . 
  no it would be a logical move . 
  for a closer union one language is logical . 
  yes , write official documents in a dead language and then translate . 
  brilliant way to waste millions of euros . 
  if an official language of the eu is chosen then it has to be the one used as the basis and translated to all the other ones . 
  not only would that mean majority of population would be able to read and understand the original documents , but it would also be cheaper since you would n't need to train people to speak dead languages for no reason . 
  that 's not an argument against reusability . 
  soon , it 's not even in testing soon . 
  reusability is only a thing that drives the cost down , ariane is worth the cost as things are since it 's so reliable . 
  it also carries much heavier payload than f9 . 
  no direct power . 
  mostly by putting plaques on walls . 
  we have snow for about half a year , ground is n't very suitable . 
  very simple . 
  us politics are a lot about profits . 
  maternity leave is not profitable for employers . 
  i do n't find him at all funny . 
  my mom told me not to laugh at stupid people . 
   insects in your food is nothing you would normally like . 
  unless you like chocolate . 
  no they are n't . 
  bus drivers are in the minority , you only need so many . 
  and for every store with 10 cashiers you have more than 100 managers from more than 100 companies trying to sell their product in that store and all those 100 companies have 100 accountants who deal with 100 bankers . 
  you 're focusing on the minority yourself , majority of population in finland has a profession . 
  both like to censor things . 
   can you imagine most of lithuanian news papers to be owned by poles and serve you anti-lithuanian articles daily ? 
  they would simply lose all of the marketshare . 
  i do n't see how that could happen . 
  that 's not the problem for free press though . 
  are poles not allowed to have their own press ? 
  if that was the case then it 's a problem . 
  it does n't really matter what he calls it since this is about the freedom of the press . 
  what 's with italy , poland and hungary ? 
  everything that is in soup form and has beets in it is borscht , not that hard to understand the concept . 
  even ? 
  china is a communist-ish dictatorship . 
  they block all kinds of things . 
  dumb , since our elections are about as representative as it gets . 
  but then again people elect dumb people and then are somehow surprised that they are dumb . 
  cashiers and bus drivers will always make the lower end . 
  it 's a low skill job . 
  median salary goes to smaller managers , engineers , builders/repair men . 
  things that need education or skills or both . 
  it 's not for flow . 
  it 's a loan from ancient languages .
