  then if you want to play online you play with russians . 
  on russians servers . 
  in russian language . 
  i ca n't speak russian . 
  rallying between those stages . 
  who could have guessed . 
  it will level off everywhere . 
  china has similar birthrates to europe now , a couple of decades and they will start declining . 
  then india will follow and then if africa ever becomes less of a shithole they will have a decreasing population as well . 
  it 's predicted the world will never reach 12 billion . 
  it will start dropping eventually . 
  this thing did n't pass over here . 
  the court decided it was an invasion of rights . 
  stupid people be stupiding . 
  it depends on how you imagine obesity . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obesity#/media/file:obesity_%26_bmi.png if you take an average 180cm male in the netherlands they are obese above 98kg . 
  one whole point . 
  how will we ever recover from such a blow . 
  hanging myself tonight . 
  japanese eat rice . 
  it 's just that they care about portion sizes more . 
  yeah , nowhere near the 77 % . 
  but definitely more people believe in god here , mostly because they do n't question it very much . 
  the teaching does n't help though , suicides through the roof . 
  that 's the problem with catholic church . 
  they sign you up when you ca n't even speak yet . 
  similar to islam . 
  easy way to boost numbers , i 'll give them that . 
  the country is only homophobic in the newspaper comments and politics . 
  literally nothing else . 
  i see gay people all the time in public and no one cares . 
  most of those already died out . 
  they mostly drink the cheapest available beer and spirits . 
  exactly . 
  the idea to sell beer in smaller bottles and forbid high alcohol content by just adding pure alcohol into beer , those were good ideas . 
  banning alcohol in festivals and restricting hours further does n't do anything . 
  you have n't been to the countryside . 
  real countryside . 
  some people drink whatever they can get . 
  but most of them are going to die off soon . 
  is gbp predicted to hold after uk actually leaves ? 
  nokia released new phones . 
  it correlates . 
  confirmed . 
  at sea , that 's cheating . 
  measure around krakow or warsaw . 
  they did n't measure poland , heheheheheh . 
  we buy power from sweden and it becomes cheaper after crossing the sea . 
  swedes should build a loop to reduce the price . 
  older people do not really know if they did n't look into it . 
  they learned soviet economy . 
  prices never change , any change means you will starve . 
  only to a point . 
  to make it more comfortable for people . 
  i live on a set amount i get from my parents and i spend the same amount still so prices either have n't increased or i 'm magic . 
  mostly because salaries increase at the same speed . 
  that 's normal . 
  but people are extremely good at crying over here . 
  because you only see the european part of russia . 
  china has been doing better than russia for a while now . 
  there is simply no way driving 400 km and working a whole day saves me enough money to make up for it . 
  they would have to give me the groceries for free and fuel for half of the cost . 
  i have been to poland , there is n't much difference in price , only if you buy the cheapest crap on polish shelves , which i never even do in lithuania , because it 's crappy . 
   refuel there also fuel is literally the same price in poland . 
  let me try and break this down to you . 
   restaurants , same products , location cost , equipment cost , little difference left to make up in the wage . 
  little difference in price  cappucino , same thing . 
  coffee machines cost the same , coffee costs the same , milk costs more . 
  little difference in the profits to make up for the wage difference . 
   milk , agriculture subsidies , germany has way more subsidies on agriculture so they basically pay for the milk before it even hits the shelf . 
  not to mention , the fuel price is the same , equipment price is the same and our milk manufacturers export a lot of stuff so why would they sell for less in local market , it 's not good business . 
   beer is a strange one , but it 's also easy to explain , there is cheap , good ** german ** beer in our lithuanian stores , but people choose to buy more expensive lithuanian beer , so the demand is higher and they gauge the customers . 
   fitness club , that one is strange to me , guessing less people use fitness clubs and they have to make the prices higher to stay afloat . 
  but this one i do n't know . 
   internet . 
  our infrastructure was basically laid by mostly taxes so we paid for a lot of the internet before even using it , that 's why it 's cheaper . 
  milk situation . 
   potatoes and onions , here there is basically no cost in the produce so all you pay is services , that 's why the salary and price gap is what you want it to be . 
  there you go , makes perfect sense if you think about it . 
   you save money driving from vilnius to poland and back to purchase products from poland than buying them in lithuania ... you do n't . 
  the only product that people point out is cheaper is meat . 
  and it 's cheaper because there is only 5 % vat on meat in poland . 
  everything else costs about the same . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  the salaries of everyone are higher that 's why the services cost more . 
  paying waiters and bartenders massive salaries means the beer costs a lot to others . 
  how is that a bad thing ? 
  the less cutting you need to do the better . 
   i have no clue who owns kaufland . 
  sounds german . 
  they have bloomed , just way shittier . 
  reliable summer at least . 
  you can still get some summer if you 're lucky . 
  but only reliable month is july . 
  might have confused something with exit estimates . 
  there were and you linked the graph yourself . 
  interesting . 
  here ever since the booking website was introduced you can go straight to the specialist you think you need . 
  why do you need a referral ? 
  seems like your system is broken a little bit .
