  i hope i did n't offend you , heh . 
  i think positive image came from our political support and stuff , our president is really passionate and concerned with countries that were in ussr and she really developed good contacts with most of them . 
  georgia are our buddies . 
  we always support you like our little bro . 
  but your mineral water is too expensive . 
   after we vote to leave how many votes do you need ? 
  i imagine 50/50 is not even close to enough . 
   so did or did not soviet troops murder the 13 lithuanian citizens ? 
  yes they did , the troops might have been lithuanian , but army was soviet and you know what happens if you do n't follow orders in soviet army , you go in the same pile . 
   does not the russian federation deny this happened ? 
  they deny everything , not surprised if they deny this . 
   russian-lithuanians are probably the most integrated minority in lithuania . 
  one of the examples of how russian they are from my personal experience . 
  my dad 's russian friend bought a phone from a store with a discount and he was talking with another russian next to a car showing of the phone . 
  they go like `` oh , nice phone , metal , looks solid '' `` yeah , it 's nice '' `` yeah , but there is no lithuanian language '' my dad is like `` you are both russian what do you need lithuanian for . '', 
  they look at us surprised then go `` oh yeah , right russian is on there '', 
  why are you smiling . 
  is this one of those vilnius is in poland smiles ? 
  just so you know vu existed before it was poland there . 
  i think i actually expected that . 
  i am not fighting . 
  vu is best for studies like medicine , languages , law ( hah ) , programming . 
  it has no engineering studies at all though . 
  moscow sauron university, 
  vu is definitely the best . 
  but ktu is also really good and ca n't be dismissed because it focuses in different fields than vu . 
  ( * ktu has free wi-fi on whole campus too , vu does n't :( * ), 
  it is , when it 's winter mostly . 
  when the weather is good it 's definitely chav central . 
  nida is like on a whole another level compared to palanga . 
  no do n't do that please . 
  we like our latvian beaches clean and empty of people ... and to ourselves . 
  my point is that you need to cover even more of land like that . 
  like uhm let me see . 
  17 times more than you already have covered . 
  i am not trolling . 
  currently solar power is incredibly inefficient especially in europe . 
  the only reason it 's being built is because goverments give huge benefits for people who build them . 
  in lithuania you could literally take a loan , build a huge field of solar panels , sell power to the grid and you would pay back the loan in 5 years . 
  because our goverment bought solar power at incredibly high prices for no reason . 
  it 's now removed because many people abused this . 
  some farmers built solar panels on their farm houses , sold the electricity they made with solar panels and bought power from the grid because it was 50 times or something like that cheaper , that was a huge fail . 
  and it ca n't even power itself . 
  6 % of germany 's total power in solar is 80 % of world 's solar energy ? 
  just proves my point on how bad solar is . 
  [ all of this landscape completely destroyed and you get 6 % of your power . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solar_power_in_germany#/media/file:krugh%c3%bctte_luftaufnahme_parabel.jpg ), 
   the colors show a three-year average of solar irradiance , including nights and cloud coverage . 
  no it 's not . 
  that is a map of how much sun an area gets , how does that change in 9 years ? 
  russians in lithuania actually cause 0 problems . 
  polish people cause some , but they are mild annoyances and not big issues . 
  you might be thinking about latvia here . 
  how about we grow up and stop playing war instead ? 
  yes we should build more . 
  the more we build the more people will blow up , people who want to do the blowing up included . 
  no i 'm just kidding . 
  chernobyl was a freak accident that happened because of old tech and ca n't happen again . 
  fukushima was bad , but at the same time a weighted risk . 
  japan is a bad place to build nuclear reactors , but they need them . 
  if you look by deaths alone coal and wood has killed way more people than nuclear power ever did . 
  never say never . 
  2018 planned service ? 
  no , we should buy less tanks and build some houses . 
  that 's why i said we need to think what to do about that . 
  i sure as hell would n't want that to happen . 
  if you immigrate you should also integrate . 
  yes . 
  solar panels are a viable option , once we figure out how to make them cheaper . 
  but nuclear will always have to be a backup since it 's far more reliable . 
  wind turbines are useless ... 
  they already have pretty much reached their peak efficiency , they are the least reliable , even worse than solar panels , they are huge , they make noise , they ruin landscape . 
  solar panels are definitely better than wind turbines that 's for sure . 
  that would be impossible because it gets dark and cloudy in australia too . 
  who are we ? 
  i think we should take more immigrants . 
  as long as we make sure they do n't start their sharia law bullshit here or create cultural neighbourhoods . 
  i should clarify i mean lithuania as we . 
  not sweden or germany . 
  yes , that ship is impressive . 
  also expensive . 
  i thought they turned that ship into a laboratory or something ? 
  solar panels are not for europe though http://physics.ucsd.edu/do-the-math/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/solar_land_area.png, 
  yea . 
  all those panels probably power a fridge onboard . 
  knowing how efficient solar power is . 
  if trump wins the election my hand will get stuck in my face from the facepalm that will happen . 
  have you been bird poop ? 
  cute little ducks have the same one . 
  as far as i know it 's mostly healthy fully grown males . 
  i might be wrong . 
  wow they are getting fancy . 
  we probably need to cut military spending again . 
  because you have no evidence . 
  you provided a nice link of church of norway in which it says that church of norway has been separated from state . 
  which country are you from . 
  you seem to be speaking from experience which you do n't have . 
  read the legal status in your own link please . 
  so what ? 
  i did read them .
