  we might catch up in the 22nd . 
  if no wars happen . 
  it 's not moving the goal posts it 's fucking the same thing , beating a person that is close to you . 
  and by your tone it 's okay to beat a person that can not leave you . 
  you 're talking like a rapist . 
  wives are n't independent either . 
  we should beat out wives , yes ? 
  and that is exactly what the law that was passed did . 
  it made children have equal rights as adults . 
  poland is n't very interested in equal rights , the concept must be difficult . 
  yes . 
  they are considered minors . 
  how is it different than hitting an adult ? 
  why are minors lesser beings ? 
  lower tier of lifeform ? 
  children are far more vulnerable than adults and it 's not okay to use any violence against any adult . 
   a spanking on the bottom is beating now ? 
  really ? 
  yes . 
  when was n't it ? 
  the question you have to ask . 
  is it okay to spank an adult without consent ? 
  why the fuck are kids different ? 
  beating unruly kids will just make them more fucked up . 
  we might have soil , but no sun . 
  give us like 20 more years away from russia . 
  the old people have n't died out yet . 
  only applies to sugar free gummies . 
  compared to what people ate thousands of years ago this is basically sterile . 
  germans know all about the curonian spit . 
  in the summer it feels like every other person is german . 
  it 's the thing that makes the clouds brighter . 
  it 's cloudy , gloomy and most importantly the sun starts rising early . 
  it 's definitely summer . 
  latvian is a drunk lithuanian , ca n't speak normally , mostly uses jargon and russian words . 
  it 's basically the same thing . 
  margin of error . 
  ca n't tell in any way so why does it matter . 
  poland has higher wages , so does estonia , our gdp lead is quite meaningless to the people . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  hippie . 
  emo would be black . 
  why future , money was always needed , that 's why it was created . 
  agreed , not enough dog tax . 
  twitter is extremely unpopular in lithuania . 
  most of the people i know do n't even have an account . 
  there are plenty of wet places around rivers and lakes without even going to the river and the lake . 
  people simply go to the cities to do procedures . 
  the map looks like city districts https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/lietuvos_administracinis_suskirstymas https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/administrative_divisions_of_lithuania#/media/file:municipalities_in_lithuania.png, 
  that 's recently . 
  because they joined eu only recently , when joining you have to not be in a hole . 
  or you lie like greece and then fuck over an entire generation . 
  nothing happens , the country is empty , therefore it 's free space , therefore people will come back . 
  your imaginary scenario that the country becomes empty is just laughable . 
  not to mention , latvia already has half the people we have and it 's still a country . 
  so by your calculations we should still be a country in 30 years at this rate . 
  actually the old fucks are the ones ruining the situation for young people . 
  look at our teachers , they are all old fucks because they are n't forced to leave the spots for younger people . 
  in 2016 our economy was doing better than ever . 
  some experts even say it did better than before 2007-2008 crisis . 
  one of the businessmen quoted said it forced them to look for new business partners and they actually found better deals . 
  when russia was a thing they did n't even look for any other partners . 
  we fucking love the sanctions , please make more of them . 
  amazon eu should be a thing by now . 
  seriously . 
  they can supply the whole wasteland of usa and ca n't launch a eu wide site ? 
  maybe it 's anti-competition laws . 
  people have more kids the lower their living standard is , because kids bring in money when they grow up . 
  you do have to pay vat when you order from us . 
  at least in lithuania . 
  okay so eating dog food might seem like a joke or something , but to be fair every single thing pets eat humans can eat . 
  dog food is taste tested by humans . 
  because dogs ca n't give consent . 
  there are 7 billion human monkeys on earth . 
  maybe we should focus on increasing the living standards instead of more poor shitty life living people . 
  it 's not scary at all it 's a retarded thing to worry about , the only impact it has is economical because less young people support the old . 
  but in terms of countries ceasing to exist it 's just a completely retarded thing to say . 
  yes . 
  and in 1000 years no one will live in lithuania , it will be completely abandoned like chernobyl . 
  also his comment about `` not a single politician mentions it '' that 's the one thing the elected party does n't fucking shut up about . 
  if eu fails mother russia hugs us like they are hugging ukraine . 
  the only way we could avoid that would be to beg someone to invade us before them . 
  that 's exactly what it is , because it was set up in the age where families had 6 kids and it was seen as completely fine . 
  i also think 0 gain is perfect . 
  a little loss is fine as well , sure the economy suffers for now , but the planet might not be doomed in the long run . 
  we have one big one too https://www.tripadvisor.com/attraction_review-g274948-d284411-reviews-rumsiskes_open_air_museum-kaunas_kaunas_county.html english translation is poor , but good enough to get the info http://www.llbm.lt/en/category/news/, 
  gray is fine , as long as it looks clean and fresh . 
  then gray is just minimalist . 
  if it 's a dirty gray then it looks very dull . 
  apartment blocks do n't look so bad after renovation . 
  not long to go until it all looks nice . 
  what reliable renewables could france use that they are n't already using ? 
  considering . 
  also , the problem seems to be that they need more power . 
  which makes it even more against the point of closing nuclear reactors . 
  devil is the good guy in the story , so he might not have been . 
  just a normal friday in finland . 
  it 's cheaper than estonian . 
  restaurants and those kegs all around touristy areas in the summer . 
  his accent is a joke in itself .
