  having a national church does n't mean anything like i said before . 
  they have no authority over any law that concerns the lifes of people . 
  they ca n't do anything . 
  it 's symbolic . 
  your point on counter reformation is valid , but that was 500 years ago . 
  since then religion has even less power . 
  it 's mostly symbolic like queens or kings . 
  national churches are left-overs in most european countries and have no power over any decisions that can impact the life of people . 
  you only read the titles did n't you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity#protestant_reformation_and_counter-reformation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity#post-enlightenment, 
  european christians . 
  still pretty bad, 
  they ca n't win . 
  that is right . 
  the only reason christianity is still accepted in the west is because we had a revolution that completely nulified all of the religions power . 
  before revolution church had too much power in controlling the society and it would not survive in the society we live in . 
  islam had no revolution yet , they still have laws and religion defining each other which we know from experience is never a good thing . 
  as you can see on this map lithuanians are not aware of this event . 
  but we do n't have much of a coastline so whatever . 
  yes . 
  if he was level with the impact the shockwave and shrapnel would probably kill him at that distance like i said . 
  was n't close at all to his trench is what i meant to say in my last post . 
  it 's our 19th century folk outfit . 
  sadly , that never happens . 
  russian dollar is just as green . 
  flames from explosions do n't do much damage , it 's the shockwave and shrapnel , but he was in the pit so shockwave probably passed over-head and the camera can survive that , especially because it looks like it was a camcorder or a phone , they have no moving parts that can be disturbed by the blast . 
  longer video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=css7l0yr17k you can see the actual shell was n't that close at all . 
  yep , god would definitely be a funny guy . 
  i imagine it would be like chatting with mafia , you say something wrong rest in not peace . 
  do n't want to be like them ? 
  jk see it just ruins it . 
  jk ruined it, 
  someone ca n't count . 
  another newspaper actually could count and did write 76 . 
  no it 's not . 
  oxygen just gets depleted . 
  both things happen at about the same time , but since we use oxygen in our body we expel less co2 than we use oxygen . 
  no , co does that , co overtakes oxygen , co2 is straight up poisonous to us . 
  co2 turns into acid in our bloodstream and when there is too much of it we die . 
  it 's not quite the same . 
  co2 poisoning is when there is too much co2 , lack of oxygen is just when blood does n't get saturated enough . 
  co2 poisoning is quite dramatic and it involves heavy breathing , compulsions . 
  lack of oxygen is much more silent and deadly , you just fall asleep . 
  also co2 does n't bind to hemoglobin like co does . 
  i think it 's unlikely that it was co2 buildup . 
  i think it 's more likely that it was lack of oxygen , then everyone would just fall asleep slowly . 
  and there were 50 people stacked in there most people would n't notice the weakness that comes from slowly depleting oxygen . 
  higher than latvias for sure . 
  you prefer war , people starving and all of the other horrible stuff that is going on now ? 
  not further populate , just even things out . 
  i agree . 
  eu population is stable , the tiny decline is meaningless since it fluctuates . 
  if economy takes a dive we have less kids because kids is not how you make money in eu . 
  but estonia is not overpopulated . 
  it has two cities and a couple of small towns . 
  it might be perfectly populated , but not over . 
  baltics could take more people , but it 's cold and russia is close and we earn shit money . 
  europe is overpopulated in some areas , in others it 's a tundra . 
   we behave like a pacifist planet from star trek . 
  yeah , estonia can ask for pretty much anything at the moment , money wise . 
  russia will never join the eu either . 
  eu gives cancer remember ? 
  woah , estonians call themselves slow now ? 
   absolut is n't fancy , it 's only like 15 $ more than double than an average good vodka anyways . 
  is sobieski considered trash in poland ? 
  i loved sobieski black dragon , it 's not really vodka , but a great drink , have n't bought any of it recently though . 
  not to mention many other european brands have factories in poland and also make or atleast bottle cosmetics in poland . 
  go latvijas balzams , riga balzams makes a great additive for tea and cakes , also that bottle is really unique . 
  we buy oriflame products for years now , bang for the buck . 
  of course you need to find someone to sell it to you since it is n't in stores . 
  what exactly were you buying before ? 
  just interested . 
  because then it would be restrictions like in soviet russia . 
  these are bans because the products are cancerous and toxic . 
  propaganda , that 's how it works . 
  http://www.vouchery.cz/akcni-letaky/detail/29138/penny-slunecnicovy-olej-1l/ same thing in a different bottle or http://shop.freeoneshop.com/alkoholicke-napoje/lihoviny/stumbras-vodka-40-0-5l/i51706-c911, 
  actually , most western cars are assembled in russia for russian markets , so you do n't have to deal with import fees . 
  [ lithuanian gold vodka is the most popular in lithuania ] ( http://vodka.underthelabel.com/l/577/lithuanian-gold ) or absolut if you are feeling fancy . 
  we also buy polish sobieski . 
  did you watch the whole video or just first minute ? 
  she converted from islam to christianity and loves christ . 
  from one bullshit to another . 
  russian vodka is considered sub par in lithuania . 
  it 's mostly because we just do n't like russia and we also make our own vodka . 
  stopped long time ago . 
  the moment they attacked ukraine . 
  atleast i did . 
  bible is just as bad . 
  and most christians also have n't read it . 
  there are no bears in lithuania except the ones that wander from belarus . 
  wolves do n't attack humans and we have like 200 of them in the whole country . 
  lynx is also endangered , i have n't seen one in my life yet . 
  adders are rarely even lethal actually . 
  and since it 's pretty much the only poisonous snake in europe getting an antidote is fairly simple : snake bit me . 
  done . 
  also not an insect . 
  in my language arachnids are voragyviai , which is literally spider animal . 
   the term is derived from the greek word \u1f00\u03c1\u03ac\u03c7\u03bd\u03b7 ( ar\u00e1chn\u0113 ) , meaning `` spider '' . 
  spiders , not insects, 
  wolves are not dangerous , they are afraid of humans .
