  the world starts looking fucked up really fast though , more each day . 
  to the point where you do n't give a shit anymore and do n't vote at all . 
  how does voting far right help with any of those things ? 
  there is no research data that i can find , but it 's what newspapers write after voting and that 's what i hear from around me . 
  i found a delfi article , but that 's about as good as nothing . 
  not the case in lithuania . 
  young people mostly vote either for the most popular party or left . 
  my friends all voted left ... that 's probably because we still have obvious inequality and we want weed to be legal . 
  also rich and qualified people mostly vote left here too , which is pretty funny , heh ? 
  it kinda is . 
  our folk is rebuilt or preserved pagan songs . 
  or songs that were inspired by pagan songs . 
  well , we do share some words or some words have just similar meaning even without being the same . 
  for example you say gr\u016bst for push , when for us gr\u016bsti is grind , but can mean push , only in a really violent way . 
  it 's pretty funny walking around in latvia where doors ask to grind them . 
  gang in english ? 
  if that 's what you are asking . 
  push harder . 
  the only thing we can do . 
  eventually , maybe in the next couple of hundred years they will grow up . 
  exactly , russians are acting like idiots and we should let them . 
  very good idea . 
  yes , i 'm not denying the fact that lithuanians participated in those events . 
  it was still nazi propaganda and enforcement that lead to holocaust . 
  [ like i said , they were clearly spinning the hate of russians onto jews , this poster is very clear . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/0/0e/nazi_lithuanian_poster.jpg ), 
  same in poland . 
  the problem was you could n't do much to help them , whoever tried to help was met with the same fate ... 
  i 'm not saying there was n't some support from the society , it probably was n't hard to turn around hate on russia towards jews via propaganda and gullible people swallowed it up . 
  was n't fully our fault there . 
  many lithuanians were trying to save jews . 
  beautiful . 
  funny how it 's still alnis in an ancient song , latvians kept that word , we did n't . 
  most popular christmas songs here are just translated english songs , so i 'm not even going to give them credit . 
  i personally like [ agn\u0117 - balta \u017eiema ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nofebf6cn60 ) and [ marijonas mikutavi\u010dius - velnias , man patinka kal\u0117dos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtz7lstsu2i ) at least these are somewhat original . 
  still pop . 
  pretty much , tax dodging rampant , taxes had to go up , people need to pay taxes now , no one is able to pay taxes anymore . 
  latvia is amazing , it 's so quiet and there is so much sea line . 
  you can drive to the coast pretty much anywhere you want and go swimming . 
  it 's so empty and calm . 
  even main beaches are nearly empty earlier in the mornings . 
  no , i just gave up , because this is reddit and no one ever reaches a conclusion until someone quits anyway . 
  `` voluntarily '' , peasants did n't have much choice , 
  yep , little actual ties , a city built to be the capital of lithuania has little actual ties to lithuania . 
  the fact that lithuania was heavily polonized during commonwealth period does n't take away it 's capital , i 'm sorry , it just does n't . 
  that 's like saying all baltics are russian now because they were in ussr . 
  the only time poland actually had vilnius is when they took it by force from russia for about 20 years . 
  that 's the exact same reason vilnius was restored to be in lithuania during and after soviet union , it 's a historical capital of lithuania , it has been capital of lithuania for a looooooong ass time . 
  yes , many lithuanians took polish names and citizenships in the capital because it was seen as prestige . 
  polonization of lithuania was really heavy . 
  that is what i already said . 
  it was still the capital of lithuania all that time . 
  i mean , even today you can see many lithuanians with polish names , back from when they changed their surnames . 
  4th most popular surname in lithuania is stankevi\u010dius , clearly polish in origin . 
  renault were the first manufacturer to make all their cars 5 star rated . 
  but then rating got changed . 
  and tbh renault is n't seen as bad , peugeot is taking all the heat . 
  [ renault even made this glorious video to promote 5 star rating . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkboawwij6k ), 
  20 + , which is about as much as military grade quad-copters offer . 
  military does n't have magic batteries and engines  they actually often use way older tech that has been tested a ton , that 's why all the military cameras are so crap . 
  cheap is good , that 's why i am driving a 2003 renault laguna , cheapest 5 star safety rated car i can get , heheh . 
  french engineering , if it works enough , it 's good enough . 
  during the summer it 's not dark early , sun barely goes down at all . 
  why do you assume religious rules are going to make sense ? 
  they wo n't . 
  knowing the prices governments buy stuff at it 's probably like two drones . 
  [ originally it was a gothic style building . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/town_hall,_vilnius )  the town hall in vilnius was mentioned for the first time in 1432 . 
  initially it was a gothic style building , and has since been reconstructed many times . 
  the current vilnius town hall was rebuilt in neoclassical style according to the design by laurynas gucevi\u010dius in 1799 . 
  it has remained unchanged since then . 
  its gothic cellars have been preserved and may be visited . 
  it has been rebuilt so many times can you really tell what style it is anymore ? 
  :d it was n't meant to be russian imperial style , originally intended to be gothic . 
  the problem now is that polish minority is acting up with their kremlin puppy leader . 
  and yes , polish culture was overtaking lithuanian culture and that created some backlash from lithuanians after wars ended . 
  you have to take into account the fact that lithuanians were being heavily polonized during commonwealth and took on polish citizenship left and right and vilnius being the capital of course it 's mostly where polish people moved in and lithuanians moved out , it still was n't poland though . 
  also looking at those stats vilnius was n't even polish , it was jewish . 
  russians did n't have much influence to these buildings it 's mostly west , we do have quite a lot of soviet era buildings now though . 
  vilnius was only polish for 20 years , where do you get this ownership . 
  well , it 's not completely . 
  we managed to save some of them ... and i do n't understand why people have this idea that we hate them or something . 
  really no one hates anyone anymore and does n't judge . 
  they just do n't come to live here as much anymore since we are n't that rich and stuff . 
  depends on the region , like everywhere else . 
  next to the sea and in dzukija region water is n't the best ( yes , i know that some bottled water comes from dzukija , but it 's processed from highly salty/iron heavy water ) so if you want to drink it it 's not the most tasty , it 's not poisoned or anything . 
  i used to live in roki\u0161kis tap water was great , moved to kaunas , i ca n't drink it , it just tastes wrong . 
  a\u010di\u016b is the perfect word to be on a euro coin . 
  why do n't we use guillotine as a symbol anywhere . 
  it 's way cooler than a cross and more humane . 
  what does upside down torture device symbolize ? 
  what happened ? 
  i am so out of loop , i thought poland was doing fine . 
  not really . 
  you mean mulled wine . 
  sometimes we drink some of that . 
  but it 's not really for the purpose of drinking alcohol more like just warm tasty drink . 
  we never drink . 
  it 's a religious thing , even though i 'm not religious .
