  but yes , many died there too . 
  we actually have people going there every summer to fix the graveyards where exiles were buried . 
  it 's called `` mission sibir '' . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7zqftq3yho no subtitles sadly . 
  russia running out of vodka confirmed . 
  in psychiatric wards . 
  well these people are slightly lucky that they kept them together as a family . 
  that must have helped . 
  only because we eat them all, 
  russians stealing your people from the border . 
  temperature, 
  it 's purplish blue ? 
  hey , it 's good to make fun of yourself , then some people actually notice that they are acting stupid . 
  more beaches ? 
  also it 's a percentage of population , latvia has less population . 
  lithuania is scary for people i guess . 
  saying is not enough . 
  look at muslim countries and their anti human behavior . 
  how about we start at saudi arabia ? 
  or uae ? 
   i agree with you that i do n't like the muslim faith , but you ca n't just shut out people dying in a war . 
  well if someone is capable of doing something you do n't like when believing the same shit you believe it calls for reconsidering . 
  christians had protestant reformation which not only formed protestant church , but also significantly changed catholic church . 
  we had terrorists for like forever now and i still do n't see a single muslim leader taking actions against extremists . 
  all i see is `` we are n't like that '' . 
  also every single time i see or hear `` islam is peace '' i gag . 
  it never was so far . 
  yeah like counting the actual people who commit the act in eu alone is enough . 
  it 's hard for them to get in so that 's why there are so few in eu . 
  look at turkey or everywhere else in the world we do n't see on our news . 
  because they are n't french . 
  really ? 
  it 's the same one with off as a tv channel . 
  well , i 'm trying it out recently and it 's been going okay so far . 
  i think we use `` vairalazd\u0117 '' now . 
  linksmakotis is used for penis now . 
  because it 's hilarious . 
  everywhere tourists go english is good . 
  restaurants , hotels , campings , information centres . 
  on the streets younger people do , in stores you do n't need to speak . 
  safety is all good , just general caution , like everywhere else , in big events there are pickpocket attempts . 
  and leaving things in the open is slightly risky . 
  it 's mostly just stealing if something happens . 
  jo is just as common if not more common than taip , however taip is the `` correct '' one . 
  http://konsultacijos.vlkk.lt/lit/105572 it 's actually `` unusable '', 
  well they will have to leave if uk leaves eu . 
  that 's one of the reasons they stayed in the first place , they did n't want to leave eu by separating . 
  how is milka different ? 
  our milka is manufactured in germany so you would think ... 
  i think latvia is underrated as fuck . 
  500km of beach and it 's so calm . 
  if you just want to chill near the sea it 's amazing . 
  nope , that 's why it 's a good deal . 
  heat helps with rheumatic pain , at least for a little while . 
  beaches do n't have healing effects . 
  cancer effects however ... 
  that 's why we have all our taxes on consumption and labour . 
  people who work in those factories get paid and buy shit again . 
  hip replacement is n't urgent if you planned it and it 's pretty damn evident when you need one . 
  my grandmother had hip replacement surgery , yes there was a line . 
  like a year , but it was n't urgent for her . 
  i 've never heard about cancer patients being refused urgent care . 
  as you can see in usa private health insurance sucks even harder since most people are unable to afford anything . 
  monopoly means at least it 's cheap even if a little worse quality . 
  i expanded on the last sentence . 
  but that 's true , you need money in this case . 
  all of our doctors are running away to countries which pay more , that 's why you have to wait in line for years . 
  there are no doctors . 
   for a specialist you sometimes need to wait a fucking year . 
  you obviously have too many people and do n't pay enough of your taxes . 
  pay 18 % and then you will have enough specialists to not wait in queue . 
  we also pay 9 % , but consulting takes no time . 
  operations take time . 
  public dentists do suck , but only because private ones are really cheap for what they offer . 
  cavities are basically free to take care of and everything else is really cheap for the amount of work put in . 
  not to mention public dentists existing drive prices waaay down . 
  imagine a dentist trying to charge you 100 eur for a cavity . 
  you would stand up and walk away and get it done for free . 
  you mean bad , but not urgent . 
  yeah , you do n't need insurance until something happens . 
  fuck insurance . 
  wait, 
  well . 
  then you need a law that says you need to clarify what you put on . 
  we have that in lithuania . 
  our hesburger has to type `` hamburger with cheese product '' on the menu . 
  or had to , i do n't remember if they started using real cheese recently, 
  oh yeah they know . 
  latvian president is pagan . 
  pagan gods feature in fairy tales a lot . 
  well if you look at france or czech republic our old generation is quite religious . 
  i do n't know about all of them . 
  but some i know said it 's symbolic to them . 
  like playing dress up . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romuva_ ( religion ), 
  https://mjr.lt/index.html we are laughing because it 's symbolic . 
  more of a respect to our ancestors than the actual god . 
  sadly , yes . 
  for some reason lithuania became quite religious . 
  probably the ban on religion was what pushed many people towards it .
