  they are higher in germany , but not much . 
  i looked it up . 
  it 's not at all the same . 
  it 's expensive as hell for some reason , but not the same . 
  t-mobile gives 8gb for 999 , o2 5gb , vodafone 4gb . 
  are those prices high or low compared to other countries ? 
  internet over here costs the same from every operator as well , but it 's peanuts for every single one too . 
  it does in most cases . 
  only usa can have blatant colluding between corporations and get away with it . 
  7.82 eur with 5gb in lithuania . 
  it 's the cheapest plan . 
  telia for example is 12.95 for 4gb . 
  interesting . 
  over here nothing changed at all , yet . 
  also telia was doing the no roaming thing for scandinavia/baltics for a while now . 
  did every operator do that or just your operator ? 
  roaming was 100 % scam . 
  it 's pure profit for providers . 
  the prices will sort themselves out via competition like always , in the end we will just not be scammed as much when we roam . 
  not to mention the comfort of knowing you can call whenever you want and browse whenever you want . 
  london is the most dense in population and it brings in the most money per population . 
  london makes the most money . 
  math ? 
  wait so you are saying london has the most people and makes the most per capita and it still makes less ? 
  i do n't follow your math . 
  okay ? 
   have they made cannabis legal where you are ? 
  i wish . 
   if scotland chose to leave why ca n't we spend the money elsewhere ? 
  because it 's not how it works . 
  regions with most of the economy often support more rural regions . 
  that 's what happens in every country . 
  and if scotland just left the money woulnd ' t just happen to appear out of thin air , those billions come from a billion sources ( that 's why your number is 8-15 , very accurate ) , just like that magical nhs money . 
  that was the stupidest thing i have read on reddit today . 
  london keeps the whole uk afloat , should london consired leaving the uk ? 
  russia is n't giving up . 
  and they did n't bother to move the dotted line because that would be effort . 
  the measured speed is also reduced here . 
  it 's to remove any error that might happen . 
  that 's just strange . 
  that does n't count . 
  unless they had a divorce . 
  actually it is . 
  http://neringa.lt/go.php/neringa87198 neringa only has the city district . 
  city `` center '' is nida . 
  no you might as well look it up and then say what 's wrong . 
  look up neringa on a map . 
  or google it . 
  neringa is the city that covers most of kur\u0161i\u0173 nerija . 
  it 's a 50km long city . 
  juodkrant\u0117 is in it . 
  every lith has n't even seen the sea . 
  doubt that everyone has been to neringa . 
  a thing that does n't exist ? 
  not much else you can do . 
  plants ruin buildings though , especially the ones that cling on them . 
  these look more like simple bushes so maybe not so bad . 
  it 's not average anywhere , but reporters could easily have it . 
  not to mention there are often reporters from other countries visiting during such events . 
   it also makes it way more difficult to take photos all you need is a sony a7s ii . 
  eat all the borscht . 
  i assumed he just missed an e. why not just type cis countries ? 
  it 's a thing . 
  so what ? 
  that 's after ussr tho . 
  what is a core ussr country . 
  russia , capitalism , yes . 
  at this rate it will only take about a thousand years !, 
  i 'm sure you will enjoy seeing that . 
  i think it 's because he thinks if people call them baltic that means they are somehow related to latvia and lithuania in every way possible . 
  like balkans all speak one language and eat one type of food and all look the same . 
  eh , 3 letters mixed up , triggered . 
  he still gets triggered when people call them baltic even . 
  it 's just him , he gets triggered every time someone calls estonia baltic . 
  which it is . 
  never had any good luck to begin with . 
  or they could have allied with lithuanians . 
  at the time germans left poles in vilnius region were n't defending from soviets , they were defending from lithuania . 
  lithuanian government was actually in vilnius and had to evacuate when germans left . 
   well , the ones who forgot were the very inhabitants of the city in question , because they were the ones who organized city 's administration and military groups under the polish flag when the german control ended . 
  exactly . 
  polish army still came and decided it was okay . 
  like i said , polish people forgot . 
   yeah , a war that ended with ... soviets ceding part of a territory they conquered from poland to lithuania . 
  the war ended by lithuania losing in 1920 and poland taking control of vilnius for 18 years . 
  my point is that it was lithuania from 1323 to 1915 and then someone forgot . 
  soviets were never allies , they were occupants , just because during the independence movement some things lined up with one side or the orther does n't make allies . 
  lithuanian-soviet war was happening at the same time as lithuanian-polish one . 
  it 's just that army sucked compared to those two massive countries . 
  yes . 
  a massive clusterfuck . 
  like i said instead of working with lithuania poles decided to just say fuck everyone . 
  but that probably helped lithuania preserve their culture more since they realised there are no friends around . 
  it was controlled by poland after the war with lithuania , yes . 
  interwar period was a massive clusterfuck as it is and poles decided to screw over their neighbours instead of working together . 
  not to mention poles had vilnius just because germans took it from russia . 
  this would be funny if it was n't real . 
  it 's age adjusted as in 100 iq is the average for 15 year olds and 24 year olds , but even if you get 100 at 15 it does n't mean that if you 're 24 your iq will be average among all the 24 year olds . 
  iq does change with age . 
  iq is inaccurate in general .
