   catalonia wants to be a republic , respect it and abolish the monarchy then they might stay . 
  there is no point in ignoring the wishes of the people . 
  and let 's be honest , the whole monarchy business , be it in spain or the uk , is a joke . 
  not all of them ? 
  recent polls show that it 's 50/50 split , lesser half on the supporting side . 
  yes . 
  catalonian economy is strongest in spain . 
  if they leave it all goes down to shit . 
  they wo n't get into eu , no eu country will recognise them , they will have no currency , no money to support themselves . 
  it will go down to shit . 
  still stupid . 
  also you ca n't use torrents i think . 
  yes . 
  catalan people deserve to be screwed over economically for the next 30 years or so . 
  yay . 
  germany has the most internet restrictions in eu too . 
  they ban vevo on youtube , it 's crazy . 
  in lithuania you could get free studies and very cheap housing , but not if you are n't a citizen . 
  i would definitely go to baltics or poland for cheap studies , we are n't that scary and trust me it 's cheap here , compared to any other eu country . 
  estonia is very english friendly . 
  well what do you want to put it on . 
  they litterally want to have laws written based on islam 's teachings . 
  it 's all on islam . 
  pope has no power he can babble anything he wants , but it 's the people who decide in the end . 
  mostly things with confirmed sources , yes . 
  stupid question to be honest . 
  i live in the same space you do , the internet . 
  personal experience is limited , which i am happy about , but i do n't need personal experience to hate the idea . 
  it 's not racist . 
  religion is not a race , it 's a system of beliefs . 
  which can be annoying and in western world where i live in you can say whatever you want about someone 's beliefs . 
  of course somehow religion is magical and it does n't apply to that and now i am racist . 
  i do n't like christian religion too , am i racist against white people too ? 
  i am racist about my parents then too . 
  i am also racist about vegans because i do n't like how they whine . 
  also racist about climate change deniers . 
  so many damn races in this world . 
  muslims , not brown people . 
  it has nothing to do with brown people europe is not racist . 
  educated people from india or israel are not whined about . 
  muslims however bring over their extremely restrictive culture and try to force it on others which is extremely annoying to everyone around them . 
  yeah well in parks it 's not quite legal anywhere , you ca n't even walk on grass in most parks . 
  just google wild camping country name and try to find some info . 
  that 's about all the advice i can give you . 
  if i were you i would consider sleeping in a car , much easier to get away with . 
  unless you do n't have an estate or a van between you two . 
  in france wild camping is kinda legal i think . 
  in germany it 's definitely not legal and you can get kicked by police in the middle of the night . 
  kaunas is also tolerant since there are many students from abroad and basketball teams had black players for a while now . 
  mostly it 's just curiosity . 
  \u017del\u0117 refers to the thing that has gelatin in it . 
  if you call it wrong ... 
  uogien\u0117 is not solid , it 's thick , also uogien\u0117 includes berries themselves , but not like jam or jelly . 
  drebu\u010diai is the right word http://www.sezoninevirtuve.lt/raudonuju-serbentu-drebuciai/ it 's just really uncommon , my mom used to make some , but other than that it 's rare . 
  jell-o is called \u017eel\u0117 ... 
  yes we do have jam and jelly in lithuania . 
  we call jam `` d\u017eemas '' and jelly `` drebu\u010diai '' . 
  jelly is rare though and most stuff that is made from only juices is called `` d\u017eemas '' anyway . 
  easy to do propaganda when people are killing themselves to get out of middle east . 
   there are lots of muslims in the city i live in . 
  none of them have bombed anyone else . 
  and they 're generally just ... perfectly ordinary people . 
  yeah well most bombers are ordinary people , non ordinary ones get locked up too fast . 
  vast majority my ass . 
  there are millions of people believing the stupid sharia law , if there were n't there would n't be scandals in uk and sweden . 
  bombs . 
  their religious leaders support the bombs and they keep believing that shit . 
  christians atleast made like 2000 different churches to justify their religions downfalls . 
  there might be some nice muslim people , but i do n't feel comfortable taking that chance . 
  i personally am afraid of muslims , because obvious . 
  everyone else does n't matter to me . 
  all i see is speculation and no actual facts . 
  what does merkel have to do with what is happening in the ukraine ? 
  or refugees ? 
  expensive though . 
  from spain you could go through southern france to italy to balkans by bus and that would be quite fun and cheaper i would imagine . 
  there are probably even trips that are pre-planned for you so you do n't have to do the planning yourself . 
  balkans are closer to spain . 
  he/she is here for only six months for going to northern countries seems quite far . 
  where are you actually studying at ? 
  we do n't have mansions in lithuania . 
  my university has some rich people , but honestly they do n't act rich and tone it down with others . 
  i doubt you will run into problems of that type . 
  business school is where all the kids of rich people go in lithuania because studying anything related to business is a dead end for most working class lithuanians so that 's probably why you feel poor . 
   is the minimum passing grade a 6 on a 1-10 scale ? 
  how hard is it to get a 6/passing grade for a subject you have difficulty with here in the eu ? 
  in school it 's 4 in universities and colleges it 's 5 . 
  it 's not hard to get a 5 , you get many tries and professors help you if you are terrible . 
  you can also cheat in most places , but that can backfire . 
   what can you do to deal with tough classes , like in the us they have study hall , teacher 's assistants , office hours , etc. 
  i do n't know what they have in the eu . 
  you can find a private tutor , many colleges and universities have professors staying after hours where you can go ask questions and that 's free too . 
  ask other students that are struggling what they do , do n't be afraid . 
  also if you get a lot of homework and you do n't think you can handle it all just find someone who can do it for you there are teachers and students even online doing this , pay them , it 's not expensive and can really bail you out . 
   social/economic stuff - how do you deal with everyone being wealthy ( ier ) ? 
  just in all aspects i guess , ca n't really phrase it well . 
  just do n't be ashamed of it . 
  if you do n't have money just say you do n't have money , people understand that , being broke as a student is completely normal . 
  you do n't need to go to every party . 
  do n't play the rich kid and no one will expect you to be rich .
