  it just keeps ramping up until someone decides they have enough it always works like that . 
  we have thousands of years of documented history apparently that 's not enough yet . 
  yes because that worked well in the past . 
  hate opus . 
  wait what . 
  you have national anthem play on tv on regular basis ? 
  also sometimes some interesting small band plays good music live . 
  it 's just what tv needs to be in those 3 hours . 
  and they changed hosts , but transition was so seamless i barely noticed anything changed . 
  you ca n't reason with these people . 
  quiz show , news , news , news , old movie , shitty tv series , sometimes religion , sometimes a concert of some sort . 
  and lots of cringe . 
  very good morning show though . 
  from 6 to 9 in the morning . 
  and overall it 's probably the best tv channel . 
  no ads . 
  nope , but i still think we would win that war . 
  how do you survive with so many different myths , how many lies do you have to make up cover up all the bases ? 
  i mean , most countries struggle with one . 
  at least they could have covered up the evidence of deleting one country better . 
  it 's pretty obvious there is one missing . 
  lithuania probably did n't even fit on the putin chart so they removed it . 
  still copied , but with more effort , a better example for sure . 
  fueeeel is cheaaaap compared to rocket , about 100 times cheaper . 
  not to mention space x design is simple , simple is very good when it comes to massively complicated things . 
  people voted no because they are afraid of nuclear reactors after what happened in chernobyl , that was a russian plant , people will be even more afraid of russian reactors . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  not to mention , buying small stuff from russia never flies , buying a nuclear reactor from russia , that 's just not happening . 
  except that 's a western design . 
  a fiat ... 
  i will stop typing now . 
  no , you do n't understand , if we ca n't push a japanese reactor there is no way we are pushing actual chernobylv23 . 
   the disruptive force represented in new sector entrant spacex , forced arianespace to cut workforce , and focus on cost-cutting , to decrease costs to remain competitive against the new low-cost entrant in the launch sector . 
  according to one arianespace managing director , '' `` it 's quite clear there 's a very significant challenge coming from spacex , '' he said . 
  `` therefore things have to change ... and the whole european industry is being restructured , consolidated , rationalised and streamlined . 
  fuel is never a problem though , the spacecraft itself far outweighs the cost of fuel , spacex solution lands and needs minimal refurbishing , this project discards most of the rocket , needs a complete rebuild . 
  and no they are n't years ahead , they are actually not even on the market , while space x is doing real flights . 
  and will be doing for ** 10 years ** before airbus even plans to enter the market . 
  no thanks . 
  because of people screaming chernobyl . 
  give nuclear reactor pls . 
  france ? 
  excuse me ? 
  space x recovers the whole first stage and with falcon heavy they plan on recovering all 3 booster rockets . 
  this thing already looks updated and it does n't even exist . 
  edit : [ falcon heavy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ca6x4qbpom ) outdated my ass . 
  what always boggles my mind is where do they pull these numbers out of , if you know who is dodging how much taxes where the fuck is the penalty ? 
  i think it favours those without money more . 
  if you do n't have the money you do n't use the elevator , if you have to pay a monthly fee you ca n't avoid the cost so it hurts you even more . 
  and in most other countries you just pay a set fee for a month of `` maintenance '' it 's just different way of collecting taxes , if you do n't use it you do n't have to pay for it . 
  what is so strange about it . 
  is that a joke too ? 
  we do n't do the shitting one , but dark bread and fizzy water are everyday things . 
  it asks me to fork it on github, 
  yo if i was a bus driver in the city and people said thank you to me every stop i would go insane . 
  maybe after a long trip that 's fine . 
  saying hello or making eye contact with a nod is fine though . 
  well , i still like euros . 
  and looking at those projections of our economy that does n't look too bad either . 
  skin colour is not a problem either , just many people have n't seen a person with different skin colour so it 's interesting . 
  i mean i had kids in my school who have n't seen the sea , it 's 200km away . 
  culture is another question and this is definitely where problems can arise . 
  lol 'd at that one . 
  oh this definitely played in lithuania . 
  also [ sel - neduok man jokio \u0161anso ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhqs0gs4pfk ) , but i personally do n't get it at all . 
  it 's fine before sel himself starts singing , then it goes downhill . 
  we have space too . 
  but no one comes to our wasteland . 
  [ i see what you did there ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w1zeljf.gifv ), 
  [ well , we can get pretty weird . 
  ] ( http://www.granex.net/site/gallery/3252/energy_saulegrazos.jpg ), 
  i support your economy by buying your sunflower seeds , they are really good . 
  no , it is winter solstice first and it 's christmas as well , [ the later was glued on winter solstice . 
  ] ( http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/christ-is-born ), 
  what do you mean unnecessary , this is russia we are talking about . 
  nuclear weapons are scary , means they are good to scare people with . 
  baltics did have higher quality of life than russia in ussr too . 
  we just have n't recovered yet after the escape . 
  true . 
  and many others . 
  i do n't have a tv . 
  true , prices did increase even on domestic goods . 
  you can buy more things that russia itself produces , everything imported does n't work that way . 
  probably facebook numbers do look like that after a quick google though . 
  2015 was a massive downfall , how unexpected . 
   under islamic law all children born to male muslims are automatically muslim . 
  we follow islamic law ? 
  obama 's father was n't a muslim either . 
  opening military positions for women does n't mean they get those positions . 
  black lives matter is not a terrorist group and it 's pretty obvious why obama felt the need to support them . 
  there are always extremists in movements , that 's just the reality of it . 
  the fast and furious thing does n't even look related to obama . 
  the fact that it happened when obama was a president does n't make him at fault . 
  especially because it started 2006 . 
  forbes article does n't mention obama once . 
  it 's just idiotic to blame the president for everything that happens . 
  yeah he armed mexican drug cartels so he could ban weapons . 
  damn muslim obama am i right ? 
  everything you said is basically paranoid conspiracy theory . 
   obama has spent almost 8 years destroying america from within that shit always cracks me up and then it puts me down because i realize people actually think like that,
