  but he was doing things to improve the city from day 1 of being elected . 
  i think majority of people before the elections were worried he is n't going to fix things average person cares about since he is a millionaire , but now i think he would get re-elected again and again . 
  what the fuck why is matijo\u0161aitis so low . 
  he 's fixing everything in kaunas . 
  if one happens it will end in days . 
  north korea is all bark at this point , they do n't even have any real allies , china would n't go to war with usa for them . 
  the only reason war does n't end at this point is because north korea is holding their own people hostage . 
  ledai is plural as is . 
  even greece managed to get something . 
  damn you guys got robbed by yourselves . 
  even if something happens in the next generation it 's not going to take a few years , it 's going to take decades . 
   that can change in just a few years . 
  no it ca n't . 
  you would need to wait for a whole new generation of people to get anywhere with a massive change like that . 
  even english would take a decade to settle in . 
  lukas is just a very basic name that 's also one of the saint 's names so grandmothers like it . 
  it 's actually decreasing in popularity http://image.prntscr.com/image/639e161ceedb479d91ec27d5a91a32d8.png l\u0117ja is definitely on the rise though . 
  most likely it 's because you do n't make sense . 
  accentuation slightly different . 
  in sentences it does n't really matter since it 's easy to tell which one it is , hard to mix up the two . 
   the locative differs , here , only in the stress pattern : in the locative , the form vaike is stressed on the ending : vaik\u00e8 , in the vocative , it is stressed on the root : vaike !, 
  yeah , so they take different places ? 
  it would be d\u017eeimsas if you were to do that . 
  but there are no rules as to how far you have to take it . 
  nowadays it 's being done less and less since more and more people know how to pronounce english names as is , the ending is only changed to make sense in the language . 
   jamesas would imply it being pronounced / jam\u02b2esas / , would n't it ? 
  it would , but it wo n't be if person reading knows how to pronounce english names . 
  like i said you can get away not changing the name at all , it just sounds very awkward when speaking lithuanian . 
  sophia/sofia and sophie/sofie are different names . 
  if you type yonaitis in google translate ( english ) it reads exactly how you would say jonaitis in lithuania . 
  unitas does n't sound at all like jonaitis to me even though it says it 's a phonetic transliteration . 
  sudeikis lucked out it sounds exactly the same in english . 
  jonaitis would be just similar to yonaitis . 
  unitas is not lithuanian at all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johnny_unitas are you related to him ? 
  there is no such thing over here so , yes . 
  also it 's just the word . 
  \u017dydras is just another way to say gay now . 
  we are n't hating the colour , you can wear pink or teal or whatever . 
  are you sure they did n't change it themselves ? 
  people do that so others do n't have to struggle getting their name right . 
  it sort of did mean that a while ago , but lithuania suffers from a case of mild/medium homophobia so it does n't now . 
   does lithuanian have personal pronouns ? 
  oh yes . 
  aka old name . 
  yes . 
  we even `` lithuanize '' other names like lebronas jamesas , because it sounds very wrong if we do n't when speaking lithuanian . 
  that makes him an honorary lithuanian . 
  he is not at all retired . 
  pickup truck with a covered bed is literally just a shitty van . 
  not fuel efficient because 4 wheel drive and huge . 
  31m2 alone . 
  studying at the moment . 
  yellowstone too . 
  banklink is the best . 
  you get linked to your own bank , log in and the payment is instant . 
  and cheap . 
  white stork . 
  i do n't really care about storks . 
  people with huge yards dig ponds . 
  do n't need to take as much care of it and during summer it 's warm enough . 
  we have access to the sea . 
  no sharks in it . 
  if we do it that way we would be fine with it . 
  yeah , but it 's castrated . 
  spain is just letting it die on it 's own , if you fight it too hard it might spring back . 
  like most other countries in the west . 
  price is similar compared to us . 
  that 's the thing with our language . 
  if you can say the alphabet you can say the words . 
  americans struggle to say \u017e ( zh ) turns into sh , io sound and long e 's . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pobeyjotuaq but in general it 's not about the sounds they struggle to say it 's just that they have learned to pronounce letters themselves differently . 
  since in lithuanian every letter is read as it is written , while they sometimes snap into pronouncing it like it 's english . 
  moana was pretty good . 
  why ? 
  o is next to i, 
  did you google it before asking here ? 
  which one are we talking about now ? 
  wolverine ca n't come back from the dead anymore . 
  he used to be able to in few of the first comics . 
  deadpool literally ca n't die . 
  he was cursed to eternal life by thanos . 
  i think he removed the curse , but only very recently and i 'm not sure if that was in the main story of some spin-off . 
  it used to be chebureki , but now it 's below mediocre kebabs . 
  aka we do n't have that . 
  there are a couple of places i 've never been in . 
  so , no . 
  not really . 
  the third one is stupid as well . 
  as if majority of europeans know what american cities are like . 
  i have an old plan for just 7.82 eur which is : unlimited calls/sms + 5gb data . 
  however , since the roaming changes i will probably be forced to change once my plan ends next year and then it will be ~ 11-12 eur for similar plan . 
  that is indeed philosophical nonsense . 
  i do n't know what i expected . 
  but the thing is majority of estonian population still remembers soviet times . 
  the life in estonia is better than it has ever been and that life is in eu . 
  what you are proposing is to drop a good thing for some dream of an utopia . 
  essentially `` eu is necessary '' is a fact from a mind of an estonian , because there has never been anything better before it . 
   much like how you 're expected to believe that the earth is round . 
  now i ca n't tell if you 're trolling  they think that we absolutely need the eu to survive , they believe that everyone would become impoverished if we left the eu .
