  it all depends on the observer . 
  why ? 
  when has the west been so peaceful and had so little corruption ever ? 
  what system exactly are you trying to go back to ? 
  well you can print them yourself , no copyright . 
  it 's an advertisement for their full product , you can buy their full vpn if you like . 
  but it works well as a plugin . 
  yup , but they need more power to do anything and people oppose more power to the eu and then complain that eu does n't do enough . 
  ca n't watch in lithuania . 
  hotspot shield free vpn plugin works well . 
  i know what freedom of movement is . 
  uk still has borders and controls them . 
  it just let 's eu citizens in , which it most likely will do anyway once it leaves eu . 
  it can , if it has a reason . 
  how is it not ? 
  you check everyone . 
  you control . 
  you can , with a reason . 
  it is . 
  it 's just an agreement that has been made . 
  there are other countries on the planet that do n't require a visa for eu citizen , do they not control their borders ? 
  i know it is . 
  uk still controls their borders . 
  they check even eu passports . 
  schengen countries do n't control anything . 
  the name comes from the french spelling of the mythological character ariadne . 
  goddess of vegetation , mazes , paths , fertility , wine , labyrinths , snakes , and passion, 
  usd went up after the crisis , not gbp went down . 
  cad , aud all went down compared to usd , but not compared to gbp . 
  but it does . 
  have you never seen what schengen looks like ? 
  either trolling or paranoid . 
  gay couples can already adopt in normal countries and it works just fine , even better since there are less people growing up on social support . 
  they are n't celebrating anything , they are demanding equal rights . 
  you seem very educated on the subject . 
  greece is not finland , finland is just unlucky with russia , greece is messed up by itself , it needs actual rebuilding of the economy , finland only needs to figure out trade again , which they are already doing . 
  you can . 
  but what would you be demanding ? 
  it 's the first time nothing happened during such event in lithuania . 
  so nothing in this case is very good news . 
  well , my native language is very different too . 
  yay , some good news for a change . 
  every language is a challenge , english is only easier because it has been somewhat simplified and it 's everywhere so you sharpen your skills every day . 
  i do n't think it would be `` impossible '' if you can learn english . 
  lithuanian is hard for me too , but i do n't see why german would be so difficult . 
  own os is a terrible way to go . 
  if you want to make money just give customers as stock as possible android and good hardware . 
  look at motorola . 
  taking a stock os and modifying it to suit your needs is also the cheapest and the most reliable option . 
  developing os , getting app developers to jump on board needs massive investments that might never pay off . 
  finland will recover , i do n't see why it would n't . 
  it 's just an example of what happens when your trading partner is cut off . 
  like what would happen to uk if they left eu . 
  you can speak english , why is german impossible . 
  i 'm not sure you 're thinking of the right people . 
  we are n't finns . 
  sweet emotional sith lord . 
  immoral ( is covered under 1 , but he expands on that ), 
  well to get the funding you need to first figure out how much funding you need . 
  in my opinion tunnel is a very good idea , would close the nordics/baltic loop without having to leave eu . 
  ferry is too slow ... 
  useless to you ? 
  is the project ready ? 
  lithuania had 0 say in ussr , in a real federation things are different . 
  maybe , but they have n't started yet . 
  there is still clear distinction between states and even then , usa states do n't have thousands of years of history and traditions to keep . 
  we do and we would . 
  lithuania was pretty clear as lithuania even in ussr and it did n't join willingly into that . 
  not soon . 
  germany changed , or at least pretended that they changed . 
  russia is still the same . 
  i still do n't get how your country 's identity is at risk . 
  usa has been federal for a long time and they still have very clear states . 
  eu states would be even more pronounced . 
  it likely will . 
  scotland voting to leave uk had a lot to do with not wanting to leave eu . 
  but if uk leaves eu ... 
  gtfo of georgia too . 
  will take a thousand years . 
  baltics would n't agree to any union with russia for at least a couple generations . 
  beautiful example of the specimen that is voting leave , please if you take photos do n't use the flash . 
  up next we have a trump voter ... 
  there is always more to do . 
  poland is still burning coal . 
  maybe it was like that because it was your second one ? 
  also education of the country is measured in average population not on individuals so if most of the country has a bachelor 's degree it gets the stats up . 
  it 's a lot . 
  you do n't go just for shopping of course . 
  it 's a long trip and a large ferry . 
  klaip\u0117da is nice , curionian spit is worth the visit , just go during summer so you can force yourself into the sea as well . 
  there is n't much to do for a long time though a weekend trip or so should be enough . 
  if you want to go for a longer time then travelling along the coast to ventspils , kolka , riga would probably be nice . 
  could return to sweden from riga . 
  stockholm to tallinn also takes a long time . 
  driving is obviously faster , just saying if you want to take a ferry it 's another route . 
  karlshamn - klaip\u0117da for orther half of sweden . 
  latvians are close to us even if they do n't profess love to us . 
  when movie ad is more popular than the movie . 
  they were killed by nazis with lithuanian nationalists . 
  even nazi propaganda posters which linked jews with stalin remain to this day , hard to revise that .
