  explain that to the kids . 
  i mean . 
  yes i guess . 
  but a system where 1/2 is 0.6 and 1/10 a twelfth makes little sense in real life scenarios . 
  also again adding and subtracting 0 's for unit conversion . 
  in base 12 it 's much harder even if you were born taught to do it that way . 
  it 's out of circulation , but you can still exchange them for euros in latvian central bank forever ( as long as latvia is in eurozone ) it 's done this way so if your grandmother dies and you find 3000 lats in a sock you can still get useable currency out of that . 
  yeah . 
  but if you start adding and subtracting fractions everything is so messed up . 
  and with metric you can go down and down and down with units . 
  millimeters micrometers nanometers ... 
  yeah . 
  but it is retarded if you think about it a little longer . 
  1/10 is a twelfth in base 12 . 
  base 12 is not better for unit conversion . 
  there is only so far you can go when your brain just freezes . 
  with base 10 you just have to add or remove 0 's as long as you want . 
  not to mention decimals . 
  those things are useful . 
  how is it better for woodworking . 
  you can have an inch and that 's it . 
  in metric you have millimeters . 
  people eat that ? 
  that 's a russian joke about rubles . 
  but hey it fits . 
  also imperial system is tied to metric anyway . 
  yard is defined as 0.9144 meters so it 's tied to metric . 
  pound is defined as 0.45359237 kilograms so it 's tied to metric . 
  and imperial system is not kept up at all , it all depends on metric for unit keeping . 
  ( in other words it 's dead ), 
  it 's not ugly , it 's impressive . 
  not quite last . 
  there is russia too . 
  yeah , recently fees were added if you want to withdraw large amounts of cash , to reduce the amount of paper money used . 
  you get around 500 euro free per month ( depends on the bank ) and if you want to get more you pay 0.3-0 .6 % of what you take out ( depends on the bank ), 
   - our presidents have had pretty bad ratings , it 's been getting worse and worse in the past decades . 
  ( i think that 's also the case in many other countries ) . 
  nope . 
  our president is good . 
  mad is a good deterrent . 
  nato holds similar power even if it 's not perfect in its structure . 
  we did n't . 
  after joining the eu however everything changed . 
  co-operation with other eu countries helped clean the streets . 
  what we did have however were willing to do stuff politicians . 
  not many , but clearly enough . 
  norway should pretty much be in eu already , but explaining that to norwegians is hard . 
  well you can go to the bank for a couple of grand . 
  the fees that you get if you take out that much cash also suck , at least here . 
  atm 's in lithuania only have up to 50 's . 
  i use around a tb normally . 
  `` borrowing '' movies/tv shows , youtube , twitch . 
  12 $ for 100/100, 
  the great tsar putin, 
  before we entered eu there were lines kilometers long at the borders . 
  yeah . 
  because fishing with better equipment helped fishermen a little . 
  ( a lot ) so that 's why regulations came in . 
  income is pretty bad . 
  but as income increases prices will increase too . 
  also killer medicine , inedible candy and fake cigarettes . 
  our prices are fine . 
  sure . 
  stable ? 
  when was it ever ? 
  but russia is hurting just as much . 
  finland will outlast them at this pace . 
  would n't worry about that . 
  we should elect army officials too now . 
  genius . 
  might have to adopt electronic voting for that though or we would be waiting in line all our free time . 
  i do n't think unemployment statistics count those who are n't looking for a job . 
  might be wrong though . 
  when we had litas we used to pay in dollars then in euros . 
  at least when it came to big purchases like houses or cars . 
  it 's a culture thing i think . 
  yeah . 
  talking always worked with russia . 
  you talk they invade . 
  you talk more they invade more . 
  but talking is good . 
  not that long actually . 
  farming is a result/cause of civilization , oldest civilizations are like 10,000 bc old . 
  for evolutionary standards of time like 1 minute for you . 
  raw meat is not horrible idea for your digestive system , it 's just parasites you have to worry about . 
  raw fish is fine in most cases . 
  raw beef is mostly fine , some exceptions apply . 
  i 'm just saying , we are omnivorous in a sense , we can eat plants , but meat is a way easier way to sustain ourselves . 
  same way bears do n't eat berries during salmon migration . 
  exactly , we eat fruits , seeds , because we ca n't sustain ourselves on greens alone . 
  or we eat meat , it was much easier back in the day . 
  you want to grow crops you have to take care of them , water them , guard them from pests . 
  or you could just let a chicken run around your garden for a while and eat it later . 
  no i 'm not . 
  we ca n't eat greens to sustain ourselves . 
  need sugars or fats which greens do n't have . 
  well ... we kind suck at eating greens tbh . 
  raw meat ? 
  no problem . 
  raw greens ?
