  no they did n't ask for more hours , they complained that lithuanian exam was too hard , so education minister decided that they need more hours so it 's easier . 
  which was actually hilarious and well done . 
  there are native russians in lithuania and latvia , you think russian language would ever get recognised ? 
  the history makes it so that it will probably never happen . 
  no there is n't . 
  polish schools teach polish to poles . 
  english is taught from kindergarten and russian is almost dead when it comes to third language , german/french is catching up . 
  what problem is it ? 
  cuz it 's cold and wet . 
  i do n't think the development will ever die unless it 's a complete flop . 
  but then our simulations are so advanced at this point i do n't see why it would be a complete flop . 
  of course it 's been delayed , it 's a huge project involving many countries . 
  a push to 100 % renewables would also be delayed . 
  who would pay for that ? 
  if they dream of 2050 let 's do 2080 in real time . 
   operation from 2044 , electricity generation demonstration 2048 for demo , so we might , indeed , have fusion by 2050 . 
  of course you need to do 2048 + real life so let 's say we might have fusion by 2060 . 
  it 's a dream at this point . 
  even fossil fuel is n't 100 % reliable , with renewables you increase the chance of something failing even more , industry is reliant on constant power at this point . 
  maybe . 
  we might even have fusion by then . 
   ca n't wait for the day we get 100 % of our energy from renewables . 
  what method are you proposing ? 
  makes sense . 
  well , that 's how pr articles work . 
  all of them . 
  polish, 
  was n't as much stealing , at the time poles wanted to give us the whole language we just did n't take it . 
  it 's what you are proposing . 
  so every night the industry crashes to a hault and every morning it 's maintenance until the night . 
  very efficient , never going to run out of jobs that way . 
  and then the sun goes down and what do we do ? 
  of course . 
  that works too , sort of . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr-mcmtisfa sounds nothing like \u0117 \u00e4 sounds like we say e , it only gets that sound in words and then it 's more confusing . 
  but we do n't add as to everything and you use it as well . 
  hard to get that joke . 
  yes and that 's dumb . 
  \u0116 sounds like e just harder . 
  nothing like a at all and they write it as a with two dots . 
  our language is fucked up enough already why do you want to fuck it up more . 
  people still think mobile phones give you cancer , but smoking does n't . 
  uh , what, 
  just saying , copying a less baltic country seems strange . 
  a is not e, 
  just 40 light-years . 
  well , at the moment coal is killing far more people and making more co2 . 
  why would you try to be latvian , they are the least baltic out of all two baltics . 
  they are functional , multiple letters are not functional . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_declension it 's an awful system to learn , but if you know how it works it 's quite efficient , you can tell a whole lot with just one word . 
   i am going to eat = a\u0161 valgysiu , he is going to eat = jis valgys, 
  that would be adding another letter for y , why would you do that . 
  now that you said that , yeah . 
  according to wikipedia there was a difference back then . 
  so we need to delete one . 
  how surprising , is n't it ? 
  since lithuanian writting is quite a new thing they had to make up some new letters to tidy up the writting . 
  \u0105 is basically aaa , \u0119 is eee , \u0117 is hard e , \u012f is iii , \u0173 is uuu , \u016b is hard u , \u010d is ch , \u0161 is sh , \u017e is zh . 
  we do it so our writting does n't look estonian . 
  everything on that map . 
  trace means it 's a non issue . 
  pubs are not popular because going out is not popular in small cities , the salaries are too small . 
  small cities might have what people call `` spit-houses '' , shitty pubs where they sell cheap shitty alcohol for alcoholics . 
  then it would be a village and not a town . 
  it adds up to page loading too . 
  if every page is 50ms slower to load 20 pages and it 's a second . 
  what is 20 pages when browsing reddit ? 
  it 's nice in the summer . 
  not much of that summer , but it 's nice . 
  yes . 
  they occur because a kid either wants something or does n't want something . 
  you can bargain or just make your position clear and wait . 
  all the time in the world when it comes to parenting . 
  the kids bargain too if they feel like they ca n't win anymore . 
  nothing i just gave up on trying to explain anything to you , if that 's what you think is a decent thing to do . 
  the parent is filming the kid . 
  that 's your ideal parent i guess . 
  yes . 
  i was a kid myself . 
  i did that . 
  my parents just walked away . 
  and then what do i do ? 
  i got nothing . 
  like i said . 
  your kids are not normal . 
  probably too much physical abuse . 
  tantrum mode is give me attention mode . 
  you just have to not throw a tantrum yourself . 
  your kids are somehow far more advanced than most other kids . 
  `` no , they do n't '' it 's the instinct of young animals to follow their parent . 
  they do that from when they start walking . 
  if the kid is so developed that it can figure out that staying behind will force their parent to do something then using the magic words will work wonders . 
  and if you are n't capable of doing that there are professionals that can help you . 
  yes . 
  so what ? 
  since they ca n't understand talking they will somehow understand violence against them ? 
  what are you even talking about . 
  what kind of a kid would stay alone in a store ? 
  especially a small one . 
  kids follow their parents .
