  also no shielding because no plastic . 
  i get how this happened . 
  my uncle lived in russia for like 20 years after ussr fell . 
  ( strange circumstances , he was missing for all that time ) he came back to lithuania recently and was driving us to the store , he slowed down before taking a green light , that 's how he learned to drive in russia . 
  yep . 
  older cars are killers at the moment . 
  surprise , poorer countries have worse road infrastructure . 
  then we learned we do n't need that many wires and we can bury most of them . 
  baud\u017eiauninkas is a serf , one of the types of peasants, 
  i know , i 'm saying there is no word for valstietis in english . 
  countryman i guess , but that 's a car . 
  because it just means person from the countryside in lithuanian , there is no such word in english . 
  villager ? 
  it 's better to not drive , not climb ladders , not climb stairs , not breathe . 
  neither do i , but they themselves voted on that so , whatever . 
  hm , that 's early . 
  we 're only starting these things next weekend . 
  yeah , at least you got that going for you . 
  i heard erasmus is more like a vacation anyway , the studying part is n't that important :d, 
  why would you go to lithuania on erasmus , that 's like moving out to the apartment next to your parents . 
  no , it 's peasant , they called themselves peasant why do you try to take that away from them ? 
  found the alcoholic !, 
  oh i know they did n't actually ban discounts , just advertising them . 
  would members of seimas do that during their lunch ? 
  why would n't it be serious ? 
  first move . 
  was the ban on alcohol discounts also from them ? 
  with a-gps you do n't get good enough accuracy ? 
  it might be your device . 
  gps does depend on the device the most . 
  notebookcheck.net does review gps accuracy in their written reviews . 
  not only does n't it matter to consumers , it will be regulated anyway . 
  it 's pointless to be honest . 
  for consumers accuracy does n't matter much and that 's all that galileo delivers . 
  maybe slowly you can expect some devices to support all 3 , but there is n't going to be a rush . 
  i agree with latvia . 
  chilling on their empty beaches feels very good . 
  trustworthy sources . 
  anyway , your friends are douchebags for giving bribes to police , so that 's nice to know . 
  romania is king . 
  it 's easier to do when you 're starting from lower . 
  well then you do n't know what you 're talking about or you are talking about some very lucky relative who found the one corrupt cop . 
  they are not . 
  i do n't know where you live , but in lithuania bribes to the police are very not common . 
  at least for petty offenses . 
  maybe you might bribe someone to not charge you with murder with huge stacks of money , but not for speeding . 
  is that a risk you want to take ? 
  if you have a smaller offense just pay the small fine . 
  fine for bribery is not small . 
  also if the policeman gets caught taking a bribe he can actually serve time . 
  up to 5 years . 
  it 's not worth for them to risk taking it . 
  ever . 
  it will come eventually . 
  romania is fighting corruption hard at the moment . 
  we had to as well when we joined eu , the mindset of younger people is different and it changes eventually . 
  bribing police these days is like saying `` fine me more '' , better not do it . 
  unless you try to bribe them with insane amounts of money , which might work , but then why not pay the fine you got in the first place instead . 
  it 's high over here , but most people just pay them because they 're old and used to it . 
  like for example bribing doctors , i 've never bribed any doctor ever and got all the services without any problems , been to hospitals many times and had many doctor visits . 
  but older people give bribes in hopes it will make doctor treat them better and stuff . 
  the one part i know where bribing does anything is kindergarten slots . 
  kindergarten in big cities are full to the brim so people do bribe those who can give them a slot . 
  latvian roads are shit as well , but they were fixing a lot of them last year . 
  not that i blame them , it 's hard to build roads in the swampy areas . 
  we have some shitty roads in swamps as well . 
  it does n't look like an awful render of metro from a game 10 years ago in real life ? 
  those rocks are so fake looking wtf . 
  he said he hates the world we live in . 
  which means he gets that it 's way more fucked than it should be . 
  that 's not naive , it 's hopeful . 
  they are n't planning to make plastic for roads . 
  they will be using plastic that was already used for something else . 
  they wo n't even talk about melting it . 
  which makes it way less energy intensive . 
  but using it in roads is dumb on another point . 
  asphalt is the most recycled thing on earth , not much new material is needed . 
  just because a person has hope for humanity does n't mean he needs help . 
  sure reality is different , it 's fucked . 
  but i see where he is coming from . 
  for example the recent events in ukraine just make me sick . 
  they do . 
  http://www.trakaimuziejus.lt/pilies-ekspozicija and if you visit 17-18 of june you get to see more . 
  you can visit it , i 've been , you get to climb the tower and the park around the school is nice . 
  for lithuanians , this trip is highly recommended http://www.guliveriokeliones.lt/autobusu/kelione/panemunes-pilys-lietuvos-venecija https://www.700.lt/kelione/panemunes-ir-pamario-izymybes-lietuvos-venecija.html well worth the money and time . 
  would n't really recommend for non-locals unless you travel with a lithuanian who can translate things , not very suited for those who do n't speak lithuanian . 
  after the last election we should be mostly orange . 
  he said kids live with ukrainians and belarusians and learn russian faster . 
  is he saying we should plant lithuanian families in with other refugees to help them learn lithuanian ? 
  also rukla is not the part where they are integrated , it 's a half-way house . 
  all we can do is provide courses of lithuaniam and give them material to study , if they learn russian on their own good for them . 
  you are 100 % correct . 
  all except one of the funerals i 've been to have been `` heart disease '' . 
  one was brain cancer because it was diagnosed , others just old people falling asleep or falling and hitting their head . 
  no one does autopsies unless there is suspicion of crime . 
   did you know that in rukla the refugees were not given a single lithuanian language lesson ? 
  yeah , right . 
  every single one is getting language lessons . 
  190 hours for adults , schools for kids . 
  yeah , grey/brown is our colour scheme .
