  bears , moose and boars can attack humans . 
  moose , boars . 
  because they are big and they can attack you and if you hit one with a car you get rekt . 
  also ticks . 
  china stronk, 
  well it 's just a russian teacher . 
  teachers do n't get paid much , so basically if you speak russian somewhat you can be a teacher . 
  i had a retarded russian teacher too , that 's why i ca n't speak any russian . 
   [ the winter is coming ] ( http://www.adweek.com/prnewser/wp-content/uploads/sites/8/2015/04/sean-bean.jpg ), 
   anarcho-communism is a thing . 
  is it ? 
  or is it just a dream someone had ? 
  i am talking about what actually has happened or still is happening . 
  if we talk about dreams then maybe i could have united earth like in star trek ? 
  sorry , but it reminds me of old russian cartoons . 
  move to lithuania and live for years to become a citizen * . 
  but yes amazing plan . 
  ( it 's easier to just change the name ), 
  well it is . 
  we spell names in lithuanian every day and we add the endings every day . 
  even for russian , english , chinese , arabic , basically any name , polish names are not an exception . 
  it 's a tradition that causes no actual problems to anyone . 
  you can make arguments all day how polish people are oppressed by lithuanians not spelling their names `` right '' , it 's still a lithuanian passport . 
  like i said , ** i hope we get to the point where we have both original and lithuanian spelling on passports ** , however now it 's not likely to happen for a while because of the conflict , lithuanians feel opposed and i doubt they would agree to that . 
   because lithuanians are apparently unable to recognize foreign names as foreign . 
  of course we recognize foreign names as foreign , however sometimes spelling names with unknown spelling rules can sound incredibly bad , hearing english people read lithuanian names is cringe every time . 
   you guys just really seem to be stuck two centuries ago on this particular issue , that 's all . 
  this particular issue does n't cause any problems in reality though . 
  people with foreign names are allowed to write their foreign names no one cares . 
  the only time this issue is an issue is in legal documents . 
  and like i said , if you want to become a lithuanian citizen you should n't have a problem people spelling your name in lithuanian since you will hear it every day spelled like that . 
  you do n't get it do you . 
  no goverment will ever give up control fully , there is a reason dictators still exist . 
  communism never existed and it 's not likely it ever can . 
   for me , the whole concept just seems so exotic , alien and out of place in a supposedly modern , normal european country . 
  sick insults we actually have rules for spelling names , you know why ? 
  because perfectly normal names like jon carter would be read in lithuanian and sound like yon tsarter . 
  so we make it lithuanian and it becomes d\u017eonas karteris and then atleast the pronounciation is similar , adding endings is an oldie and it 's considered tradition aswell . 
  also just so you know there were proposals to get rid of this name translation , but it stuck because lithuanian is considered an old language with it 's own quirks and people want it to stay old . 
  uhm , okay . 
  except it never happened that way and it does n't look like that will ever happen . 
  the fact that poland allows it has nothing to do with what lithuanian passport allows . 
  we preserve our alphabet and spelling by having names actually spelled in lithuanian in lithuanian passport . 
  i would agree that we could have main name in lithuanian and a remark somewhere with the * actual * name , but that is n't what polish minority demanded . 
  the only thing we are not doing is having polish names in a lithuanian passport . 
  and there is a reason lithuanians do n't want to grant any more rights than necessary . 
  they still remember polinization of lithuania . 
  estonia is on the fast track though . 
  lithuania is n't far behind in growth , but estonia still seems more ahead . 
  i do n't think we have . 
  we had awful relations with polish minority , that 's for sure . 
  expected . 
  estonia is doing better than we are at the moment . 
  they got so deep into the propaganda it became a reality . 
  as far as i know there is no communism that is implemented successfully . 
  in china which there still atleast is communism everything is goverment controlled ... sure they relaxed the control , but it still is incredibly strict . 
  it is n't and it never was . 
  i do n't see anything funny with that . 
  whatever you heard in russian propaganda is not quite true . 
  lithuania really does have around 2.5 million lithuanians and did have them at that time . 
  population was higher by russians that came , but not much . 
   incompatible with the white christian european values we have in the eu that is quite possibly the most racist comment that you can make against racism . 
  also religion has nothing to do with it . 
   germany 's eastern states played host to almost half of the country 's racist acts of violence last year , ** as well as a large proportion of right-wing extremist crimes ** are you going to claim that non-religious are also mostly right-wing too ? 
  lithuanian was not always along side russian , it was banned even books were banned , that 's when we had a famous book smuggling action . 
  there is a good free movie on this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxc3ntkawo4 lithuanian was allowed only in the latest invasion when apparently we `` joined '' ussr . 
  in communism that was ever implemented you had no way to oppose the system , if you have an opinion you are an enemy , you will be locked up , killed or deported to uninhabited regions , if lucky . 
  because of this many people were killed and locked up and deported . 
  we have [ these ] ( http://www.baldunamai.lt/18880-5199-large/lankytoju-kede-iso-eko-oda.jpg ) pretty much everywhere so atleast it 's the same every time . 
  no it was n't . 
  for professional drivers it has . 
  it used to be 0.4 normally 0.2 for professionals and new drivers . 
  now it 's 0.00 for professionals . 
  exactly , if it shows 0.01-0 .02 it still counts as 0 because of device innacuracy . 
  because they are the same arguments , the problem is that baltics did n't have the recognition you have from spain now . 
  we were not an autonomous region and our culture was actually banned . 
  you could n't leave ussr if you wanted to , you had to be allowed , we were not free like you are , we were slaves . 
   this constitution recognized the existence of multiple national communities within the spanish state , which proposed the division of the country into autonomous communities . 
  the first general elections in 1977 restored a provisional generalitat , headed by josep tarradellas and including representatives of the various leading forces of the time . 
  in 1979 , the statute of autonomy was finally approved delegating more automomy in matters of education and culture than the 1932 statute , but less in terms of the systems of justice and public order . 
  in it , catalonia is defined as a `` nationality '' , catalan is recognized as catalonia 's own language , and became co-official with spanish . 
  you are an official minority with your language preserved . 
  spain completely recognizes and accepts you . 
  you are rioting trying to break away from a nation that accepts your culture and supports you . 
  lithuania , latvia and estonia did n't have that . 
  our culture was banned throughout history with russian invasions and we could n't leave ussr legally , it was not allowed . 
  slightly different ? 
  you do know a thousand years ago samogitians and lithuanians pretty much did n't understand each other , right ? 
  now they have an accent , then they had a language . 
  catalan and spanish is pretty much exactly like samogitian and lithuanian in sense of language , just did n't merge together as smoothly . 
  well then that 's good , that 's what i would expect to see . 
  catalans and spanish should be best buds though , that would make them stronger than ever . 
  of course it is n't correct , i just explained how i see it . 
  they have no reason to seperate whatsoever . 
  yeah , it really sounds incredibly funny to read catalan posts ... 
  it would be like samogitians trying to become independant from lithuania . 
  no one ever occupied catalonia and no one ever forced catalonia to do anything , they have zero arguments for trying to separate at the moment and yet for some reason they feel victims , of nothing . 
  i completely understand scotland trying to leave uk , which even they did n't . 
  but catalonia does n't have anything to leave for . 
  their main current argument is that spanish people hate them , but reality of it is , spanish people only hate catalans now , because they want to separate , implying that spanish people are inferior ...
