  we do n't have a tank , that might be why we are n't included . 
   oh you 're not british , so we ca n't put you into a british prison . 
  why would that be the case ? 
  norway . 
  country that has enough money for me and the next next generation . 
  28 % every week is insanely high . 
  vpn is easier . 
  but still should n't happen . 
  are you sure ? 
  because germany censors games , for example wolfenstein has all the nazi symbols removed and even their name changed . 
  coins last longer . 
  cheap banknotes wear out too fast . 
  same here . 
  it 's a completely normal law which makes sense . 
  the only believe part is the newest attempt of making religion relevant . 
  they ditched their laws , they are ditching their traditions and now ditching their holy book too . 
  if there is nothing left to follow it 's hard to advocate against it . 
  they are n't banned , selling or displaying in public is banned . 
  we do n't have to censor content like germans do . 
  also you can have soviet/nazi symbols in a museum or at home . 
  we do n't really have crazy laws , but there are some silly ones . 
  you can only have alcohol in a car if it 's in the trunk . 
  you must raise a flag during national holidays , if you do n't you will get fined . 
  in schools ? 
  yes , please . 
  volkswagen is the largest car manufacturer in the world and they already make ev 's and hybrids ... 
  train is good if you want to travel far , bus is good for sightseeing since they visit more areas . 
  i would n't buy a pass if you want to go sightseeing , just buy tickets wherever you feel like going . 
  make a plan ahead of time and check local bus prices . 
  there are also bus tours you can buy which have the whole trip planned , might be a little more expensive , but still affordable and you do n't have to plan anything . 
  check your local travel agencies for deals . 
  at least we have agencies with good deals , do n't know about croatia . 
   jwst will be in a lagrange point and if something fail , it could n't be fixed . 
  it could , but it would probably be cheaper to make another telescope . 
  til norway has rainforests . 
  owned by carlsberg . 
  rimi is a sub-brand of ica . 
  well , we care less about russia now that we are in eu and nato . 
  but they sent us f-22 's . 
  maybe people are n't aware . 
  well latvians have more russians closer to them , not that surprising . 
  well they are good at hiding their fetishes . 
  but glass is n't comfortable for small breweries , it 's hard to use and expensive . 
  unless you bring your own bottle , that 's possible here . 
  many latvian words sound peasanty to us . 
  they write `` gr\u016bst '' on doors for `` push '' . 
  our local breweries sell in plastic bottles . 
  i had this nice pizza place like right next to my building . 
  the only such place in my close proximity and they just closed . 
  sad panda . 
  is he though ? 
  this one is suspicious . 
  depends on which one you go to . 
  but many different eating establishments . 
  with beer . 
  we mostly buy brandy . 
  [ alita xo for the most part . 
  ] ( http://www.alita.lt/en/produkcija/brandy-alita/#alita-brandy-xo ) it 's a french brandy just bottled in lithuania , do n't ask me why that makes sense , but it 's pretty good in my personal opinion . 
  on the same note , [ we also make cheese in italy ] ( http://rokiskio.com/en/cheese/top-menu/hard-chesse-grand/chesse/hard-cheese-grand-description-2.html ) and then package it in lithuania . 
  something to do with local bacteria i guess . 
  nah mate , if you want fun you go to akropolis . 
  lidl is precious nutrition and life . 
  polandball flair . 
  i 'm looking at the logo . 
  good to know though . 
  so you only have small maximas ? 
  exactly the comment i was looking for . 
  yeah . 
  feels very much like opening sale prices . 
  yes . 
  they are . 
  also `` storming '' . 
  well the prices are n't two times higher , for meat it 's about vat difference if you compare . 
  and i 'm not arguing for vat decrease . 
  it 's pointless , you will have to collect the same taxes in another place anyway . 
  because blue , yellow and red are their colours ? 
  i 'm just guessing . 
  and then there is a lady already complaining that the prices are basically the same in delfi video . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  if it 's a good beer the delivery method does n't change much . 
  kfc does n't count , it 's basically non-existent . 
  three places ... 
  in two cities ... also kfc is boring it 's just fried chicken . 
  give chipotle or something . 
  yes . 
  and no one is going to buy it . 
  unless they collude with every store in lithuania and latvia and poland to set the same price . 
  because i do n't live in a theoretical world and that 's how the market works . 
  if you try to sell something for 3.63 and the competitor next door is selling the same thing for 3.00 most customers will buy the cheaper one . 
  so your attempt at making larger profit wo n't work . 
   you underestimate how much a market makes from selling also what is that supposed to mean ? 
  maxima in 2015 had a revenue of 2.683 billion euro , profit was 77 millions . 
  are you saying markets are free to collude and ramp up the prices to whatever they feel like ? 
  as far as i know that is illegal . 
  vat does have something to do with that . 
  if the meat has a production cost of 2.5 eur and market sells it for .5 eur profit , you add vat on top of that . 
  you remove vat market still sells it at 0.5 eur profit . 
  end customer pays less . 
   are you saying they 're colluding now , and will stop colluding after vat is lowered ? 
  they are n't .
