  glad we did the internet thing right already . 
  they need to re-limit that to schengen at best . 
  going back to the country you came from should remove your refugee status . 
   refugees can leave the country for 21 days a year , but are not obliged to say where they are going . 
  what is that for ? 
  it has . 
  just let kids be kids . 
  they have a whole life of short breaks ahead of them . 
  summers at grandparents or running around with friends are n't going to last forever . 
  coincidence obviously , who would n't invest in a salt mine , the market is literally worldwide . 
  yes , the genius move , flood the market in hopes of increasing the price . 
  similar story here . 
  oh look milk prices going down , why not make more of it . 
  there is too much milk , that 's why the price is so low . 
  yeah that 's definitely wrong . 
  the number is 773,800 tonnes in 2015 . https://www.stat.ee/277462 unless that 's thousands of tonnes in half a year , then that makes sense . 
  we do n't need more milk you idiots , protesting wo n't make people drink more milk . 
  you 're the ones blocking it . 
  canada does n't introduce visa-free travel for eu because of bulgaria and romania . 
  yeah that does n't compare . 
  health minister could be drunk , smoking in mcdonalds and it still would n't damage his image as much as this should . 
  key word should . 
  the guy will probably be back in some other `` important '' money grab position once he figures out who ratted and deals with them . 
  if only they had double the battery as an option for that price premium . 
  lukashenko is pretty relaxed for a dictator so not much headlines to be made . 
  can we stop this meme , mom ? 
  greece , black market , yep , makes sense . 
  how do greeks afford to smoke so much ? 
  sure . 
  but then it would already be a nice move to let them leave spain , i do n't know if they 'd be ready for two good moves in one day . 
  they have no other choice ? 
  be lucky if spain plays nice and accepts them into eu after they leave . 
  many places have realized that youtubers are good publicity . 
  people get attached to their favorite youtubers so if they recommend some place or some thing people feel like it 's their friend recommending them stuff . 
  much more powerful than an ad on tv that everyone mutes anyway . 
  edit : by the way louvre is free for eu citizens up to 26 years old , good deal . 
  yes there are side effects . 
  that 's why everyone should vaccinate , so the people who ca n't get vaccines because of allergies or severe side effects get protected by the herd . 
  this is reddit , someone is going to repost this picture as `` kaliningrad is a cold place '' i 'm trying to make that chance lower . 
  it 's not , just russia average is broken . 
  denmark is in this weird spot surrounded by water pretty much . 
  it 's almost an island . 
  literally half of british do n't want to leave the eu . 
  half . 
  also i do n't understand that map . 
  is it the party which won ? 
  does spain even have a government at the moment ? 
   and of course this idea is not working . 
  it has never worked . 
  it 's as artificial as plastic . 
  it worked for united states . 
  yes , they clearly want spain to be united under spanish nationality . 
  that clearly is n't working because of nationalistic movements in some regions . 
  so it 's just political . 
  you hate the government of your country , stand in line . 
  it 's literally hundreds of countries long . 
  point me out one country that was completely happy with their government ever . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/pew-research-global-satisfaction-map-2014-2 look at that . 
  spanish do n't like spanish government either . 
  you guys should make friends . 
   the constitution is based on the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation , the common and indivisible homeland of all spaniards , ** and recognizes and guarantees the right to autonomy of the nationalities and regions which make it up and the solidarity among all of them . 
  ** literally in the constitution . 
  what more could you possibly want . 
  i mean , good luck . 
  since spain has no government at the moment this is your best chance . 
  just if you lose please shut up finally and help make spain as a whole a better place for catalan people instead of ruining spain and catalonia with your constant protesting . 
  clearly does . 
  catalonia is an autonomous region and argonese , astur , leonese , basque , catalan , galician and occitan are all recognised as regional languages . 
  unless you mean they want your passport to say that you 're from spain , but you are from spain so i do n't know . 
  i just do n't like people who ca n't appreciate their situation . 
  catalonia is as free as a nation can get , you can leave go anywhere , you can come back , you can live/work anywhere in the eu , you can speak your own language , you can teach your language . 
  boohoo you pay some taxes to support spain . 
  let 's leave spain , eu , border up and sit around sucking our own fingers instead . 
  sure . 
  it can be a nation . 
  spain has many of those . 
  why not split all of them up . 
  scotland is a country , flanders not a country , catalonia not a country . 
  oh please , if you really want to leave spain i would n't oppose you one bit . 
  but the polls are 50/50 all the time , losing lately . 
  catalonia has n't been a country in 400 years . 
  that 's a little different compared to ussr invasion . 
   despite how harmful the independence thing is supposed to be . 
  it is n't independent though . 
  the only thing independence would do is ruin this progress . 
  free propaganda for free people, 
   catalannewsagency.com, 
  youtube is blocked ? 
  ryanair serves people with the cheapest flights and has indirectly reduced cost of flights of other airlines by a lot . 
  so they probably did more good than any other airline . 
  no they ca n't be . 
  altruistic companies are also called bankrupt . 
  the point of ryanair is that they do n't go to most popular destinations , that 's why they 're cheaper . 
  not surprising if you look for flights into popular airports you do n't find cheap flights . 
  yes , but still not very high . 
  like i said , most apartment buildings have to pump water , water towers are mostly relics at this point . 
  i think that 's backwards . 
  i think it makes it worse . 
  if i ever go to my nearby tiny iki store ** in the morning ** most males in their 50 's buy plastic bottles of cheap , high alcohol % beer . 
  we are n't cutting our military .
