  also older phones fall in price muuuuuuch faster in other stores compared to carrier stores . 
  carriers still want 499 for lg g4 where as in electronic stores it 's down to 350 already . 
  it 's not free here . 
  you pay more or at the very best the same amount as you would just buying them up front . 
  if you want to save it 's best to find the phone on sale somewhere , if you do n't have enough money to buy up front you can get a lease for 1/2 years to pay it out . 
  it 's also becoming quite common to import chinese brands like xiaomi and meizu . 
  europeans do n't really buy phones on contract that often , at least not where i 'm from . 
  no , you do n't have to do that . 
  have main transponder transmit normally , but also connect it to others , if the main goes down every other one goes crazy , you see debris you find debris . 
  so , we need more transponders . 
  like 4 per plane should do it do n't you think ? 
  but the real question is , why ca n't the black box use the same thing flight-radar uses ? 
  i mean , it 's real-time . 
  it should have enough time to sense it 's been in an accident and start blasting info while it 's falling down from flight altitude . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  no , that was the war part , russia never left south ossetia and abkhazia , they are still there . 
  georgia . 
   i only remember ukraine . 
  okay , short memory , that explains everything . 
  you should start writing things down . 
  actually baltics were the `` rich '' countries of ussr . 
  good , so strange that you forgot . 
  i mean , most people here still lived under ussr . 
  they remember everything . 
  there were no bananas , can you imagine that ? 
  no bananas . 
  my grandpa does n't even like eating bananas because he did n't grow up ever having one . 
  the first one he had was when he was already 40 + years old . 
  wait you were oppressed by austria for generations ? 
  i missed out on that . 
  to everyone 's surprise yes . 
  doubt we can do it again in a long time . 
  we got extremely lucky group and then against first two opponents we barely won when it should have been easy , then barely beat serbia by some miracle and got second . 
  that run was just so much luck . 
  world championship with one country attending . 
  tough competition . 
  also it just does n't make any sense , why not just play basketball ? 
  damn , that hurts, 
  we do n't play hockey very much either . 
  we played basketball pretty much all the time in school . 
  canadians betraying their french heritage . 
  lithuania is n't performing that well in basketball lately either , but our points from the past still pull us up . 
  black box should have gps and locator beacons and stuff , it 's just shitty obviously because they struggle to find it all the time . 
  nokia battery life was n't good , it 's just that you did n't use it as much as you use phones now . 
  if you want battery life xiaomi redmi 3 is the prime option now . 
  5inch 720p phone with 4100mah battery . 
  does n't work on us bands though . 
  not really . 
  microsoft bailed nokia out after their fuckups . 
  htc will pull out . 
  htc 10 is nice , vive is superb . 
  now they only need to fix their value segment offerings . 
  bad value . 
  xperia z phones are nice all around , but they excelled at nothing and wanted a price premium . 
  also terrible distribution , hard to get in usa . 
  and they just killed of z series completely . 
  man , those planes really need more robust trackers . 
  you just became part of the problem , sad part that most of your points are still true even if you tried to make them satire . 
  ya , it 's plastic , look up scratch test . 
  because estonia does n't have planes that could serve this purpose ? 
  that 's not true at all  traditional sicilian pizza is often thick crusted and rectangular, 
  well then fuck us military too . 
  for consistency . 
  well others somehow manage to do it . 
  it 's probably one of those rolling ovens like in factories . 
  well unannounced flights with transponders off are n't polite . 
  there is more traffic in the air . 
  good thing reddit does n't need that tower . 
  sure , except massive amount of reports of glass cracking without even a reason, 
  we were good at killing people back in the day, 
  well designed glass and aluminum phones are just as reliable . 
  plastic phones should last shock better in theory , but plastic body gives while glass does n't and glass is going to be the first to give . 
  sapphire glass cracks just as easily if not easier . 
  it 's just a little more scratch resistant . 
  yes , my htc evo survived 3 years as well . 
  lg g2 fell twice , second time was lethal . 
  it 's just random . 
  well , drop it from high enough is what i meant . 
  and even then , under right conditions it breaks from a slight fall . 
  it 's glass . 
  still glass . 
  my lg g2 has gorilla glass and it was smashed to bits once already . 
  not happening . 
  glass will always break once you drop it . 
  did n't know that . 
  many of them go to england to study for a while . 
  to stay consistent . 
  why would you teach both if you want consistency ? 
  that 's backwards . 
  also it does make sense . 
  our teachers qualify in england , not united states , much closer , cheaper . 
  we were only taught british english . 
  and it 's not weird to use american english spelling ? 
  or do you just want to do frankenenglish instead ? 
  it 's not about how you speak , it 's how you type . 
  you do n't have to speak with a british accent to type correctly . 
  it 's not even government stuff either , just correct spelling . 
  vi mait as vel taip laik dis den if ve dont cer, 
  that 's what i thought when i was a kid . 
  ca n't quite figure out if it 's real either .
