  if you visit you can buy it in powder form and make some in 24 hours http://www.klingai.lt/gerimai-743.html, 
  check statistics from germany . 
  during heavy use they import from france . 
  well then all you need to do is sign up for swimming lessons in a pool . 
  good instructors will know how to make a rock swim . 
  oh it 's supposed to be a timeline , i get it now . 
  and turkey is christian . 
  the page is too well made i guess . 
  it should be a pdf file with an exclamation mark in the title of it to be believable . 
  like this one he linked http://www.nirs.org/wp-content/uploads/radwaste/atreactorstorage/drycaskfactsheet07152004.pdf, 
  okay , mr. german . 
  and ? 
  i do n't get the point of this argument . 
  more people fucked up , that means what ? 
  sure , i 'm not educated . 
  neither are you since all you care about is a leaky container somewhere you do n't know where which caused some damage you do n't know about or did it ? 
  renewable energy can not match the demand and the only reliable type of renewables is hydro , which completely destroys the environment beyond recognition and is still not even close to powerful enough . 
  yes , we know germany fucked up the storage . 
  and still it 's not even close to a disaster . 
  coal mining and burning is a disaster . 
  nuclear power is never going to dissapear . 
  the only thing that can replace it is fusion and it 's only theoretical at this point . 
  also nuclear power does solve the problems with coal , that 's why most countries are using it . 
  except china , which is dying on coal emissions , poland which is dying on coal emissions and germany who buy a shitload of power from france who make it ... in nuclear power plants . 
  you wo n't need water if you suffocate either . 
  yeah , exactly , women rarely have low body fat percentage and if they do it 's very unhealthy . 
  and the platform . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's czech manufacturing . 
  everything under a skoda car is basically a vw . 
  not to say it 's bad . 
  skoda is definitely better in my eyes compared to vw , value is unbeatable . 
  current superb model is sexy as hell . 
  that 's an illegal picture right there , unless you got permission . 
  i would have been done a long time ago , but the first response was unsatisfactory . 
  are you choking or laughing ? 
  it 's hard to tell these days . 
  that was a joke . 
  did you use a smog filter on your camera ? 
  because you tense up . 
  you have to relax to float . 
  chicken is basically a t-rex . 
  same , it 's not nearly deep enough i ca n't even float in my bathtub . 
  what ? 
  mercator projection keeps the shapes intact . 
  that 's the whole point of that projection , to represent the shapes as closely as possible to what it looks like on the globe . 
  that 's why you can just scale it up and down . 
  it is . 
  mercator projection distorts the size of countries while maintaining direction and shapes of countries . 
  nope , it 's perfectly fine . 
  going out of bounds is n't the sites fault , it 's your fault . 
  it 's the same shape as on every map . 
  the city that is in that appendix asked to be in lithuania so when cccp was drawing the border they added them . 
  https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/dieveni%c5%a1k%c4%97s also one road being hard to look over makes no sense at all . 
  one road should be easier to look over . 
  they . 
  the soviet person in you is speaking . 
  they is you . 
  unless you are n't capable of voting . 
  land or a borehole . 
  if you have a house it 's quite likely you have a yard . 
  obviously it 's not feasible in the middle of the city . 
  clearly it works for us since our pollution levels even when it hits -30 are still tolerable and not 800 % above the norm . 
  it 's not the most expensive . 
  the installation is the most expensive , but the maintenance is literally zero and the electricity bill is similar size to what firewood was + you do n't have to haul logs . 
  we invested into something to save money and time later since we had to replace our old system anyway it was a great choice for us , did most of the work ourselves it cost about 10k eur at the time ( 35000 lt ) . 
  not to mention the comfort . 
  i 'd rather have hot water 365 days of the year and not have to worry about leaving home during winter instead of a 5 year old audi and buy an older renault instead . 
  you save where you should and spend it where it 's actually important . 
  it 's just soviet mentality . 
  if you can break laws and get away with it just do it and let everyone else do it . 
  it 's stupid and nasty behavior . 
  not something i will ever tolerate . 
  rich poor - two parents earning average wage and a student . 
  clearly . 
  interesting . 
  people with that attitude just neck themselves over here . 
  snitch ? 
  thats the ex-soviet mentality right there . 
  the government does n't make laws to abuse the people anymore in poland , you do n't have to break laws to get by anymore . 
  the government of poland is the polish people . 
  therefore them burning trash is only hurting you them and everyone else , not the soviets . 
  disgusting to let people commit crimes just because it 's not directly hurting you ( it is , but not immediately ) . 
  you would probably let thieves into your neighbors house since it 's not hurting you , right ? 
  call the police every day of the week and on the weekends . 
  trust me something will change if it costs 50 eur every day to burn trash . 
  no it actually all happens in poland . 
  sweden does n't burn any in comparison . 
  please . 
  if you ca n't afford to heat a house move to a fucking apartment . 
  if you have a house expect to spend more on heating . 
  120 eur every day , that 's pretty expensive . 
  i 'm from lithuania , not even rich myself . 
  poor people galore . 
  i do n't care how poor you are you ca n't stab me on the street . 
  i would n't do that in the first place because i 'm not trying to kill myself . 
  we used to use firewood , never burned trash ever only paper and only if it was n't the plastic kind of paper . 
  now we use geothermal because it 's easier on our back . 
  even easier to report that then . 
  you have to be seriously high on plastic fumes to let your neighbours kill you with their trash .
