  of course there are a few skilled workers and specialists , but not that many . 
  well , it will stop eventually . 
  more people are coming to our country lately . 
  better everyday . 
  yes . 
  but the difference being is that we already paid for that in our education and specialisation and now you decide you want to learn new things . 
  that 's paying twice . 
  it still costs money . 
  yeah , windows is n't hard either and yet people fuck up all the time . 
  it professionals are n't being discussed here . 
  this only affects people who have minimal training since we are talking about goverment jobs . 
   many government institutions still use that !, 
  yes !, 
  exactly what i mean !, 
  people hate change . 
  linux is massive change . 
  yes , training can be set up , but then you are n't saving any money so it 's absolutely pointless and sets up unnecessary problems . 
  it 's widely known and libreoffice and word can not like each others formats . 
  they are loving short term short sighted savings that come from switching . 
  os cost is the least of your problems . 
  the costs come from training and support . 
  linux training via education does n't exist . 
  you will need additional courses . 
  libreoffice training via education does n't exist . 
  you will need additional courses . 
  support for linux is abysmal , you will need new companies to set up and invest money into them for their skills to develop . 
  if you want to switch you need to start switching from schools and do a slow transition , not like this . 
  why would n't she serve a full term ? 
  yes . 
  but family members do n't have to weigh their own health when deciding . 
  not to mention unwanted children are pretty much always going to be detrimental to the society . 
  no , but your life depends on someone else . 
  that 's why family members get to decide to end life support and that 's why moms should be able to decide as well . 
  because of our laws ? 
  and common sense ? 
  what are you trying to argue here . 
  they do n't rely on their mother for life support at that point . 
  with not killing people ? 
  killing people is not beneficial to society . 
  terminating unwanted children is . 
   since medically there is a point where risk of ~ ~ abortion ~ ~ reverse cesarean birth is too great for mothers life doctors simply wo n't do it at that point . 
  once it 's born it becomes it 's own person and then the same laws apply . 
  normally we do n't kill people . 
  it 's not really that complex in my book , the woman is risking her life having a baby , she can choose not to do it . 
  since medically there is a point where risk of abortion is too great for mothers life doctors simply wo n't do it at that point . 
  there you go , settled naturally . 
  well , all countries bordering baltic sea can be called baltic . 
  just because someone decided to group people around the baltic sea into smaller groups again does n't mean the bigger group is incorrect . 
  i know that . 
  but i also understand why people would call you baltic , which is why i linked that . 
  no , bestonia is ahead of the curve , no religion = no crosses , nordics will catch up some day . 
  mostly iceland and other nordic countries , since that was the inspiration for skyrim landscapes . 
  boris is not an estonian though , he just lives in estonia , because true slavs do n't live in slavic countries . 
  just like real russians do n't live in russia . 
  it actually increased massively in the last decade . 
  like what ? 
  name one thing . 
  news just in - russians are still nasty . 
  machines are very good when working on a constant and never changing plan . 
  for road work you would need a self adjusting robot which is still a few years from being viable . 
  both are beliefs with no basis on reality . 
  one is relatively harmless other not so harmless , but they are based on the same concept of religion which is `` believe and do n't question it '' or `` faith '', 
  you really think you can think of some magical machine that replaces all the humans in the industry then invent it and make money . 
  all religions have to believe in something with no basis in reality . 
  and you ca n't argue it away with logic if you did there would already be no religions . 
  you should try doing road work and see how those people do not efficient lazy work . 
  you would probably increase their salary afterwards . 
  then you will pay more for machines , same for people who fix those machines and have to support more people without jobs . 
  people dismiss knowledge to suit their beliefs . 
  there still are creationist christians to this day . 
  we also know there was no giant flood or adam and eve and yet ... 
  catholics did plenty of shit before reforms . 
  islam just did n't have any reforms yet . 
  the most important thing about asphalt that it 's not tough , it 's plastic , that 's why it can take all these loads and still be useable . 
  not to mention it 's one of the most recycled materials on the planet . 
  you pay for the machines and workers , not the material . 
  yep , also if you die they will probably eat you , so nothing goes to waste . 
  just copy estonia like we do . 
  smoke = particles = very little . 
  carbon dioxide will have an effect , but not that much , over the course of the year that is . 
   the storng eu members bully the weaker ones . 
  read : the strong eu members bully the ones who lied about being strong , repeatedly . 
  then bail them out . 
  it was overwhelmingly likely to happen , it 's now becoming very unlikely . 
  pretty sure free visas are n't going to happen after this . 
  or in the next 20 years . 
  legends, 
  soviet union was n't russia . 
  not to mention , integration did happen , everyone from that time speaks russian well . 
  you try talking to a pole in vilnius in lithuanian now . 
  yeah it 's so it does n't stick together . 
  why ? 
  are you saying they are forced to live in lithuania and we do n't let them leave ? 
  if you want a polish name , polish language move to ... poland . 
  you 're acting like supporting different cultures in a country has ever been beneficial to the society . 
   they are living there for generations . 
  exactly what i mean . 
  they should n't be poles anymore , they are born in and live in lithuania . 
  or the poles should maybe start integrating after decades of living here . 
  me personally i 'm pro integrating .
