  lithuanians just want greece to suck it up and stop crying loudly mostly . 
  that 's true . 
  but why is europe worse than russia or belarus ? 
  russia does n't seem to have best standing with their constant conflicts . 
  why not ? 
  we have democracy you have dictatorship . 
  our politicians are diplomats . 
  so you prefer dictators to diplomats . 
  i voted for her because i trust her to not mess anything up . 
  i do n't expect big things , but smooth sailing and she does deliver on that . 
  there are already trains going to vilnius from kaunas , you would just have to take another one . 
  like you did n't know that :d latvians call you igaunija for some reason . 
  finland is suomija in lithuanian and somija in latvian . 
  great video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7x-rgfd0yk, 
  yes , it 's better not to rely on what should be and change something that can be . 
  oh , that might be the case , i am sorry . 
  what the fuck is that measurement . 
  from a german too . 
  it looks like normal 1.5-2l bottle yep . 
  so we do n't give police guns and they have nothing be responsible about . 
  but since in usa guns are free for everyone to carry around and own police ca n't drop guns on even simple patrols . 
  you have guns they have guns . 
  europeans do n't have guns , police do n't have guns , who will shoot more people . 
  i personally just facepalmed and got interested , it will be interesting to live through one of the first world countries potentially going to hell . 
  russia would probably see this as an opportunity to show how awful europe is . 
  us would n't touch this topic . 
  they wasted more than a quarter though and cut just recently . 
  we just started to get back on track after our cuts . 
  especially because estonia , latvia and lithuania all cut their belts and joined euro in good financial standing , giving money to greeks after they show that they do n't want to cut spending just feels wrong . 
  for baltic countries atleast . 
  that 's hilarious , are they are made with cnc machines and electrical tools ? 
  you did n't do shit in this case . 
  iceland was the hero . 
  polish football fans , ca n't expect much . 
  diesel trains ? 
  also trains are too slow for fast spoiling goods sadly . 
  they are too slow to load/unload , we still use trucks for all of that . 
  wind and water does n't really help move stuff , yet ... trucks , tractors burn diesel , refrigerated trucks even more diesel ... 
  if you move the food vast distances the problem is again energy . 
  can afford to pay for the logistics , but i doubt they would like to choke on smog like china does . 
  also the first statement is n't true in the first place . 
  canada does n't have much farm land , it just has uninhabited land . 
  you need 10x more food if you have 10x more people , good luck with that . 
  seems outdated , we do have euro for a good year now . 
  why did latvia stop speaking russian , heheheheheheeheheheheh . 
  you do n't have to be an evolutionary dead-end to reduce population of earth . 
  1 kid for each couple would nicely cut the population or at least bring it to a stop like it did in china . 
  also yes , automation will reduce the need for man power even further which means even more unemployment . 
  unemployment certainly does n't pay pensions . 
  i mean , it is a baltic country , like i said it 's right by the baltic sea , but i think the question is why do they identify with us as baltics together . 
  that 's what i think at least . 
  oh i get that , but what results pop up first is what interests me . 
  what happens if you just press enter without a suggestion ? 
  why is estonia a baltic country ? 
  good question actually . 
  no reason ( other than it 's right by the baltic sea ) , just all three small baltic countries buddied up to get out of ussr and still have n't split apart , basically like benelux , french should know all about benelux . 
  so important, 
  they are n't on the same scale as the ones in the us, 
  how can there be no suggestions at all ? 
  google slipping . 
  not in the eu , kek, 
  mmm ... polish strawberries ... 
  what can armies even do these days ? 
  just chill and stay crisp during practice . 
  doubt ww3 is ever happening , no one wants a full blown war ever again . 
  the only reason i 'm bringing up ww3 is because pretty much half the world is in nato , attack against them would never happen without two large opposing sides . 
  pretty obvious answer . 
  belarus scary :d, 
  we do n't like poland , germany does n't like poles . 
  ruff neighbourhood . 
  some late news . 
  they were stopped by police on the autbahn a short way inside the border , but they were allowed to continue after their passports were checked . 
  police said they were not full gang members , but `` sympathisers and relatives '' . 
  well , it 's not them making it , the main members had visas denied . 
  well they did n't make it last year . 
   because it 's a region in modern belarus . 
  what ? 
  it 's a region in modern lithuania  lithuania was also region of poland . 
   and during commonwealth when poland became a unitary state lithuania was also just a region . 
  that was a clusterfuck that got immediately destroyed, 
  can you explain i do n't understand . 
  belarus did n't exist , lithuania did , lithuania was a region of belarus . 
  what , how , i do n't ... 
  in what way ? 
  how can lithuania be a historical region of a country that did n't even exist for the longest time, 
  but it is n't . 
  or was n't . 
  yes , but i 'm still not getting where you pulled the lithuania a state of belarus thing from . 
  but lithuanians did exist . 
  around the region of current lithuania . 
  not belarus . 
  you called lithuania a geographical region of belarus , belarus did n't even exist till 1919, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4e/kievan-rus-1015-1113-%28en%29.png/800px-kievan-rus-1015-1113-%28en%29.png 11th century map, 
  if that was the case lithuanian language would have completely died out . 
  it was a mixture of all kinds of cultures because of many wars . 
  germans still do n't know who is who until today either . 
  same thing in lithuania . 
  it was . 
  it was the capital since 1323 vaguelly ( not much data ) and officially all the time throughout commonwealth ... 1569-1793  another fact is that it was grand duchy of lithuania , not lithuania , those are two different countries in different times and not really related . 
  that is true , the name is the same though .
