  good luck with that . 
  that 's why vegans eat so many beans and nuts and fruits . 
  humans are n't cows . 
  choice-free days, 
  all other countries did n't have the best economy lately either . 
  canada is 2nd , but they are n't doing that well with oil crashing . 
  meh , just drink more vodka on top . 
  should thank window wash makers , that 's how we cut our future health care spendings . 
  another western nazi jew ranking system making shit up against glorious russia / s, 
  easyjet has the same idea , they would prefer not to fly at all if their prices increased because of large airport fees . 
  that 's why budget airlines do n't fly to main airports and instead fly to less popular ones . 
  less flights , ryanair has that appeal to many people who would n't fly at all if not ryanair prices . 
  different class of airline . 
  budget airlines do n't compete with premium airlines . 
  yeah , so they just wo n't fly at all instead , ryanair is too big for uk to mess with, 
  who does n't like free coffee ? 
  i imagine it 's pretty hard to work out a trade deal when you do n't know what is going to happen tomorrow . 
  in what way is that impossible ? 
  electronics are mostly imports so they are sold in usd and the same price across eu . 
  only things made locally can reflect lower wages . 
  i 'm not talking about canada , uk ca n't make trade deals on their own while they are in eu , they have to leave first . 
  except you ca n't . 
  because uk has n't left yet, 
  that is the idea of eu , make all the countries similar wealth wise . 
  just because there were hiccups does n't mean the plan is gone . 
   dalia grybauskait\u00e9 i know nothing about her surprisingly she is one of the best presidents we ever had and she came after valdas adamkus so the shoes to fill were huge as well . 
  i am scared we do n't find 3 good presidents in a row , although linas antanas linkevi\u010dius looks good for the next president . 
   n. farage wants to trade . 
  wait a minute . 
  what will people in britain or brits working in eu institutions say ? 
  do they care only about trade , or is it about every aspect of one 's life - education , science , social insurances , wages , pensions ? 
   today 's statement of his - about how we will just trade and that 's it - in truth raises a question , did he or did he not fall from the moon . 
  we are planning to go to hel this or next year , looks very interesting . 
  yes on everything, 
  they should n't get replaced , but secondary language for every citizen should be chosen and taught from a very young age . 
  she ca n't cook , but she can be cooked . 
  everyone has different preferences . 
   some have top gear not for long at this rate . 
  which would keep the states diverse as well . 
  i do n't get this paranoia that culture is going to dissappear overnight . 
  then again , we had experience with ussr and our culture survived . 
  this is talking about new routes and expansion , why would anyone sane be expanding into a market that might shrink massively ? 
  but you can bet that amount will go down if you get rid of free movement . 
  that 's why they are n't investing and instead holding back to see what 's what . 
  . . leaving has n't started yet . 
  i think cameron made another mistake trying to stay until october . 
  he should have stepped down immediately and left the leavers deal with it . 
  and wales . 
  sure mate . 
  sure . 
  small settlements do n't get city rights , wroc\u0142aw had theirs in 1214 . 
  and it was of polish origins at the time . 
  there literally was n't a thing called germany when wroc\u0142aw was founded . 
  yup , this is the original https://vimeo.com/92179785 edit : remember to downvote the original source , in true reddit fashion, 
  uncertainty is just as bad for trade . 
  not much can happen , but the people who currently are trying to be nice to uk might change their mind . 
  merkel included . 
  does n't look like eu is going to be waiting that long . 
  you can expect more articles to read on tuesday . 
  male performance problems , not uncommon . 
  i mean sure . 
  there will always be people like that . 
  eu leaders are not trying to punish uk , but they want uk to make up their mind asap . 
  former ministers . 
  17 % seems much lower than 83 % to me . 
  i might be mistaken though . 
  eu is losing when uk is in limbo too . 
  eu is very very nice and does n't have much power in this situation , but you can be certain they wo n't let uk sit in limbo for `` as long as it likes '' . 
  eu countries are no pushovers even compared to the `` mighty '' uk . 
  yeah , sure . 
  free vacation for everyone !, 
  literally sitting next to merkel in the photo . 
  relevant enough already . 
  hopefully we give them the boot before everything goes to shit . 
  these articles will continue when uk will be going down the toilet after they leave to bring the spirits up . 
  usa politics are great and work incredibly well , no corruption at all and the whole country is extremely satisfied . 
  wait ... 
  why . 
  eu is voluntary , as shown by brexit . 
  well ... 
  the badge . 
  glorious british industry . 
  well then ... 
  only the car part afaik, 
  seems more accurate than the other ones . 
  a320 does n't use rolls royce engines . 
  a380 can use rolls or engine alliance so yeah . 
  i think you 're slightly overestimating the need for rolls royce engines . 
  what are you loling about ? 
  nothing has changed yet , uk only said they will leave . 
  they are still in eu , still have all the trade treaties and free movement . 
  once they actually leave is when you can expect actual economy drop , this was just preemptive caution . 
  it 's just what i noticed in my own country . 
  every village that was previously left behind to rot now has eu signs everywhere and everything is looking better than in the main cities , it used to be backwards before eu . 
  goverment focuses on profitable areas , rural areas and not densely populated areas get left out , eu fills the gaps . 
  well , actual leaving has n't started yet . 
  does n't make sense . 
  you represent the side you 're on . 
  uk sitting in limbo is no good for anyone . 
  while fucking up their economy in the process .
