  also our conservatives just wish they could tear gas protestors , they do n't actually do it . 
  personally i doubt that , if anything they 'll have learned the lessons of the arab spring , screw the lid down harder and push out more bribes . 
  if you look at history autocracies and dictatorships are at their most vulnerable when they begin to liberalise , most of them have learnt that lesson . 
  also if you are interested there is a book out that came out a few years ago called * the dictators learning curve * which covers the new modes and methods of control coming into play . 
  it 's a good read , you should give it a try . 
  they are indeed absolute monarchies and they are pretty damned oppressive . 
  jordan is also a monarchy with a pretty notorious security service , would you accuse them of dictatorship though ? 
  there is a qualatative difference in the character of rule between the autocracies of the gulf states and the pan-arab socialist dictatorships . 
  which boils down mostly to the methods of control . 
  for example until relatively recently stability and security in the gulf states was maintained through the judicious use of oil money to fund a generous social system , thus keeping the population happy . 
  it is only recently and in response to some pretty heavy provocations that they have begun using the mass violence which has characterised the arab dictatorships for decades . 
  it 's the difference between the silk glove and the mailed fist . 
  they 're both pretty reprehensible but until recently one was very much preferable to the other in terms of bodycount . 
  monarchies are not dictatorships , it 's a subtle difference but it matters . 
  plus you are forgetting the north african nations which are either in anarchy or have transitioned towards democracy . 
  also turkey may not be particularly demcratic at the moment but erdo\u011fan is n't a dictator ... * yet *, 
  they * did * have many dictators . 
  most of them are gone now and what is left is a vaccum . 
  that 's not what i said and you know it . 
  the current russian regime follows the pattern of classically authoritarian countries which maintain a democratic facade . 
  they need threats to focus the population on in order to justify their existence domestically , this is common knowledge in the field . 
  it started with the chechens and now it 's back to being all about nato . 
  europe ceasing to defend itself would n't matter because they would just manufacture another threat ( as they are accused of doing with the apartment bombings ) . 
  what i am talking about is actually effectively engaging russian propaganda as we did in the cold war in order to counter the narrative that putin is pushing . 
  thats not me you 're quoting mate . 
  also they may be well compensated for their time but if they 're still not making enough to make ends meet then they are underemployed and should not be counted the same way as fully employed persons . 
  that 's a fair point but the fact remains that whilst they are playing with nuclear fire so to speak it 's no where near the same levels we got to with able archer and the like . 
  que ? 
  i meant that they 've specifically accused the us with flying reconnaissance flights without transponder and even whined about it diplomatically quite recently if i remember correctly . 
  i do not support putin , his regime or their disregard for the rule of law . 
  however this kind of sabre rattling is just something that states do , particularly the former ussr and nato . 
  it is to be expected and unless shots are fired it 's really not news worthy . 
  riiiight . 
  well considering that one of those people you claim to admire ran at the last election with a platform similar to trumps ( protectionist , anti migration etc if not quite as rock stupid fiscally ) and the other plays a raging buffoon , again like mr trump , what exactly is it you like about them ? 
  because you pretty much just said you 'd vote for someone that both of them would run in opposition against instead . 
  long story short that external threat is the key to the united russia 's electoral success and the excuse for domestic oppression . 
  it does n't matter if the threat is real or not , only that it is perceived to be real and if that perception is removed then putin 's internal control will be much harder to maintain . 
  let me guess , you 're voting for trump are n't you ? 
  remember they 've accused the americans of doing the same thing . 
  frankly i would n't be surprised if it were all a game of tit for tat dick waving . 
  but are they working minimum hours ? 
  not all zero hour contracts are minimum wage . 
  the americans could have gotten a little excited and decided that latvia needs some extra freedom . 
  i mean look at them , they do n't even have potato . 
  that swiss lab clearly did a good job then ... 
  side note about your hypothesis on quality . 
  migrants tend to come from countries within the sphere of the host nations former colonial influence . 
  this has relevance because the former colonies of the british empire are generally doing better economically than the former colonies of the french republic , most of which were in north and west africa . 
  this can be seen in other areas , for example in australia we are currently experiencing an influx of somalian and south sudanese refugees from the conflicts in those countries . 
  these populations have been linked to higher crime rates and incidents of racism in the areas they have been introduced in . 
  whilst there has n't been enough research done to make a conclusion i 'd hypothesize that this is caused by a ) the relative poverty and lawlessness of those areas and b ) the racism they are experiencing by being the first major group of african immigrants in australia , which has previously only really experienced asian and mediterranean ( i.e. 
  countries with more established law and order etc ) immigration in large numbers . 
  pretty sure they were on tourist visas off the top of my head , not actual migrants . 
  keep in mind that this is a reletively new post 9/11 phenomenon in the uk and even australia , both of which had large muslim populations before then . 
  for example when i was growing up in the uk muslim extremism was n't an issue ( in fact the real ira were considered a much bigger threat ) but after 9/11 and the iraq war kicking off that turned on its head . 
  why ? 
  well first off an entire section of the population now became objects if fear and derision . 
  secondly , bush launched his ridiculous war and when it turned out to be completely unjustified it was then easy to paint the west as slaughtering arabs for no good reason . 
  prior to these events in both the uk pakistani community and the australian lebanese community religious conservatism and the following extremism were extremely minor fringe elements , only really becoming prominent societal issues in the last 20 years . 
  the people that vote presumably get up early for the love broadcast . 
  earlier this year i think and yeah it was pretty excellent , though as a melbournian i 'm glad that flinders st station is n't a giant fish . 
  i 'm originally from the uk , i still find it weird . 
  wiki says nz/uk production . 
  it 's playing again on sbs tonight , it 's a government funded broadcaster which i shit you not was founded as `` ethnic television '' back in 1979 . 
  it 's actually got a really good on demand service which plays a lot of european tv and film . 
  if you 're interested it 's not region locked . 
  for additional australian culture check out [ wizards of aus ] ( https://youtu.be/yv3dednxn4o ) for um ... weirdness . 
  it 's weirdly and inexplicably popular down here . 
  which after emigrating from the uk i just find bizarre . 
  because it 's even weird to us that we 're in it . 
  noooooo , please do n't the sbs crowd will get even weirder if you encourage them . 
  not if you want the pentagon to lend you the shiny toys and soldiers as extras . 
  if you take that assistance then you are contractually obliged to portray the us military in a certain light and sometimes provide the military with a measure of editorial control . 
  a good example is the recent marvel films where the pentagon pulled out of providing hardware for captain america : winter soldier after reportedly realizing that shield was a multinational rather than a us agency . 
  it also portrayed a us senator as the bad guy . 
  and would n't that be fun ... 
  and people genuinely confused as to why our mob are in eurovision . 
  also america and the uk apparently these days, 
  you 're well on your way to annexing all backpacker hostels though . 
  i 'd be surprised if he was . 
  daesh 's main focus seems to be winning the military struggle in the middle east ( it 's a requirement of their ideology ) . 
  as such their recruitment efforts tend to be geared towards getting fighters into syria and iraq rather than getting them out to attack the west or funding and training lone wolves/cells . 
  in fact that kind of complex model of external support appears to be pretty vulnerable to the security services , where as lone nutters are much harder to track . 
  which appears to be why aq attacks were much less common than isis ones have been . 
  eh from what we know so far i 'd hazard a guess that he did n't have access to the resources to practice . 
  hence stealing the lorry instead of buying one . 
  well honestly driving a lorry is quite hard , thankfully the prat probably did n't realise that . 
  hgv 's are bloody hard to drive and the hijacker probably did n't know how . 
  keep in mind this is the top gear crowd but [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/xke029a8bys ) video demonstrates that driving a lorry is a lot hard than you 'd think . 
  that 's more of a domestic problem in china with uighur separatists and christian groups like eastern lightning . 
  unfortunately , this ultimately is how the west will turn into israel at this rate . 
  so wait ... who are we a colony of now ? 
  if you compare say the [ romanian crime rate ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_romania ) ( seeing as there was so much anxiety about it relatively recently ) to the [ us crime rate ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_the_united_states ) they compare favourably . 
  with the us suffering a comparable or higher rate of violent crime and murder across the entire union , with rate going up considerably in areas of lower socio economic development . 
  similarly the general crime rate in [ greece ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_greece ) is even lower , with a murder rate of 1.7 per 100,000 as compared to the us 4.9 and romanian 4.5 disclaimer : wiki used for quick and dirty sources . 
  should have used a picture of a wheat field for the uk, 
  ha [ it 's winter here ] ( http://www.bom.gov.au/nt/forecasts/darwin.shtml ) . 
  so glad i live in melbourne ( which ironically is actually hotter in summer ), 
  this is why my country has a huge expanse of nothing in the middle . 
  like walking around with a hair dryer in your face .
