  - `` purple possum '' was the rainbow code for vx gas . 
  - and `` blue bunny '' was a ten kiloton nuclear mine . 
  not that it excuses it but this kind of incident is far less prevalent than it used to be even thirty years ago . 
  what with eta , various ira splinter groups and the red army faction on the offensive police officers in europe used to be killed far more often than they are today . 
  personally i think we should remember and be thankful for that as well . 
  see the bottom comments on this post for tinfoil hat wearing details . 
  it 'll end up being either be broadmoor or belmarsh . 
  neither are pleasant , but that 's consequences for you . 
  tentative agreement here . 
  i doubt it was his only reason , people are far more complex than that , even and especially the mentally ill . 
  it 's entirely possible that the accused was also holding a grudge over his treatment or mental health policy , we just do n't know . 
  that said though his statements to the court thus far do seem to point towards a far right anti-eu agenda . 
  we 'll just have to see how it all pans out before we get the full picture . 
  add to this that accused appears to be a britain first supporter anyway rather than a ukip ` er . 
  so did a lot of people , amoungst other things the various anarchists cookbooks were very well distributed . 
  did everyone that ever read that go out and manufacture napalm to bbq their political opponents though ? 
  no they did n't , or at least i certainly did n't . 
  that 's not to say that the brexit debate was the only factor which drove this man to violence . 
  in fact i very much doubt that , people are far more complex than that , even mentally ill ones . 
  however going off the reports from the court it definitely seems likely that it was a contributing or even triggering factor in his actions . 
  things that make you see red if you 're a mentally ill extremist - expanded edition . 
  buddhist extremists - muslims hindu extremists - muslims and people eating beef . 
  jewish extremists - muslims and meddling foreign aid workers . 
  christian extremists - muslims , homosexuals and abortionists . 
  islamic extremists - apostate muslims who do not conform to their specific interpretation of the holy texts , infidels , homosexuals and music . 
  scientologist extremists - tom cruises ex wives , people who say mean things about them and the bbc . 
  also the colour red , various phases of the moon , how one forms the sign of the cross , the ethnicity on ones identity card and finally whether one wears glasses or not . 
  basically none of these are acceptable reasons to kill people but damn there has been a lot of hatin ' on muslims lately . 
  ( note for the oblivious , yes this is meant to be tongue in cheek ), 
  yep , but if you 're a neo nazi with a history of mental health problems then a massive debate on immigration and europe is pretty much garuanteed to make you see red . 
  so yeah , he may have held some pretty extreme views before but it seems plausible that the brexit debate was the trigger that pushed him to violence . 
  unfortunately the guy appears to be a bit of a loon so i doubt he 'd understand that argument or the distinction you 're making . 
  it 'll certainly be interesting to see what the court psychiatric evaluation brings up , not that it helps anyone now . 
  that 's what his neighbors have said , perhaps he just did n't talk about politics to them ? 
  others are claiming that the guy was a member of pro-apartheid groups and a general nut . 
  basically what i 'm saying is that it 's too early to tell and that we should all just have a chill pill and wait for the results of the inevitable inquest . 
  all will out in the end . 
  yeah seeing as they based their marching uniforms and party structure on the loyalist paramilitaries in ni and have been known to drive around london in armoured landovers to scare people in migrant neighborhoods , they are at the very least damaging to the political discourse in britain . 
  at worst they 're fucking dangerously unhinged . 
  to be fair the sheep do outnumber them about six to one . 
  hence [ this delightful film ] ( https://youtu.be/9-exkym5xqy ), 
  but they 'll be dead , we wo n't be ( ha , who would waste a nuke on australia ! ), 
  and all their bunkers will be full of spiders ... 
  i do n't see a problem here . 
   ... so that is why australia was in the eurovision . 
  yeah that 's pretty confusing to us as well . 
  then you sir need to do more traveling . 
  i 've experienced more negativity towards my englishness in australia than anywhere i 've been in europe , including france . 
  which seems to be the universal experience amoungst my expat friends . 
  hell i had a woman down here tell me to `` fuck off an go back to where you came from '' down here over my accent and i 'm a fucking 5 ' 11 '' white male citizen . 
  which was part of an argument over a parking spot of all things . 
   i 'm not sure that 's a great reason for personal insults . 
  welcome to day to day conversation and poltical discourse in the colonies . 
   my political opinion ? 
  i 've voted to remain ... good on you , so why are you talking all this bollocks about the euro 's hating us ( when they clearly do not , as evidenced by the number who want to come and dozens of opinion polls wanting us to stay ) ? 
  because your attitude ( boo hoo everyone hates us , europe sucks waaah ) is probably the biggest thing wrong with britain at the moment and is completely divorced from reality . 
  you need a dose of reality colonial style and i will give it to you , cheerfully . 
  this is n't a disagreement . 
  your political opinion in this thread has been objectively refuted by dozens of economists and policy experts . 
  what is left is mass delusion and the rest of us are left watching the car crash in horror . 
  funny because i read [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4nupzy/cameron_ill_pull_uk_out_of_the_single_market/d47fbm2 ) yesterday which says otherwise . 
  seriously my flair may say australia but i was born and bred in kent . 
  here i am telling you that you 're full of shit mate , this sub is plenty welcoming to the english and so are european 's in general . 
  so pull your head out of your arse and go smell the roses chum . 
  anti-brexit = / = anti-english . 
  besides this is a british referendum ( as in the whole uk ) not an english one , even if most of the leave crowd are a bunch of little englanders themselves . 
  he also said that he would shirt front putin and look how well that turned out . 
  nope , we 're pretty explicitly excluded by the text of [ the north atlantic treaty ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm ), 
   indeed maybe it does n't , i personally have no idea what the term means , it sounds very abstract and subjective with a capacity to fit in practically speaking almost any domestic condition with the law enforcement mechanism in place . 
  ** police state ** * noun * a totalitarian state controlled by a political police force that secretly supervises the citizens ' activities . 
   intuitively it sounds as something describing a society where police is wielding * excessive amount of power * thus is free to enforce [ lawless ] will onto the public via lethal means without any legal consequences . 
  and in most cases russian police is rather pacified , very few carry firearms and usually have no more than sticks and handcuffs for tools of subjugation . 
  protestors who have been on the opposite end of an omon crackdown would disagree as to your argument about the pacivity of the russian police . 
  as to the lawless use of force check out the various accusations against the fsb in regards to journalists both foreign and domestic . 
  also see the methods used by the kadyrov 's in chechnya . 
   there 's a law in place which regulates specifically such public acts . 
  whether it 's right or wrong is for the public to decide , but considering that the regulation takes place on the legislative level , it 's quite literally the opposite of arbitrary . 
  this is fair , though the fact that such prejudice is written into law is not an argument for its ethical validity . 
   factual reference would be due . 
  all i know is that prior to the explosion some residents saw a group of men , dressed in regular outfits , carrying bags with unknown content in the basement . 
  i 'm not sure how one could identify those men as being members of exactly that particular federal agency though , maybe you could shed some light on it , given that you claim to have proper knowledge . 
  [ cbc timeline ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/fifth/m/blog/september-1999-russian-apartment-bombings-timeline ) two suspects were arrested by the local militia , both presented fsb credentials and were released on orders from moscow , their presence at the crime scene was never adequately explained . 
  this is a part of the public record . 
   i try not to pay much attention to the internal eu matters as that appears to be none of by business , unless it directly involves my own nation state . 
  in rus there 's more than enough issues as is . 
  yup , there are lots of issues hence the accusations of human rights abuses and the institution of a police state . 
  the eu for the most part had removed such abuses . 
  yep , totally . 
  we can have the sasr sneak funnel webs into their toilets , that 'll sort them . 
  hell it goes further than that even within individual countries . 
  if you come down here around anzac day you 'd get the impression that the gallipoli offensive was some sort of massively important theatre of war run exclusively by aussies and new zealanders . 
  there is very little mention of the thousands of french and british troops present and it 's significance as a part of the war is blown waaay out of proportion . 
  it was basically a side show with strategic delusions of grandeur but do n't try to tell a properly patriotic aussie that down the pub or you might get punched in the face . 
  behold our terrible power !, 
  look upon it and weep !, 
  whilst i go and get you a cup of tea love ... 
   but theres no pressing need because we have the anglo atlantic superpower sandwich sphere of protection around us . 
  this is now officially my favorite sentence on / r/europe, 
  the argument that the russian authorities are weirdly leniant on people who try to torch government buildings does not prove that the russian federation is not a police state and that countries who are harsh on arsonists are police states . 
  everyone agrees that arson is bad , the disagreement lies in the russian authorities arbitrary supression of people who express non traditional gender identities .
