  also whilst we 're at it why do n't we mention all the opposition journalists who get bumped off on a regular basis and the fsb agents who got caught planting bombs under apartment buildings . 
  do n't see that happening in the eu do you ? 
  google suggestions are based upon number of searches . 
  presumably poland knows why they allegedly `` hate russia '' ( presumably something to do with centuries of tsarist rule , followed by the molotov-ribbentrop pact and the communist purges ) so the fact that people are searching that in huge numbers says more about the people doing the searching than poles . 
  i realize that war and peace is russian , but this is ridiculous ... 
  eh there are exceptions . 
  aussies in general are rather fond of [ gough whitlam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gough_whitlam ) , for some more obscure choices i 'm actually quite partial to the writings of [ doc evatt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h._v._evatt ) the first president of the un general assembly and [ gareth evans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gareth_evans_ ( politician \\ ) ) the ex foreign minster who helped develop r2p . 
  honestly , i do believe there are some politicians out there actually worth believing in . 
  you 've just got to find them . 
  and getting rarer by the day . 
  sounds like you might enjoy [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca4rgzd2xn8 ) . 
  basically it sounds like it would be the australian version of d\u00e9sintox but with more of an advertising focus ( also comedy ) . 
  there about eight seasons of it on youtube so if you 're bored give it a go . 
   and god damn , you 're spotting an italian flag , and you 're talking about corruption lol ? 
  when was the last time you went out on the street and did something in your life in your country ? 
  now when was the last time it earned you some money and you got to keep every penny of it - taxes ? 
  what the hell seriously you got mobs powerful to the point where they can boycott trash collection and force the government to ease up laws so they can make some more money , and you 're saying some other country is corrupt ? 
  your ex-prime minister openly launched orgy parties with prostitutes and drugs inviting other leaders and business people for how many years ? . 
  you guys invented the whole mafia thing , what the hell , you 're talking about corruption , mamma mia ?!, 
  irish flag . 
  that 's an irish tricolour , if you 're going to rant at least get it right . 
  yeah ... being entertained is one thing , taking the time to post a three hundred word rebuttal is another thing entirely . 
  edit : oh and another thousand words for / u/banevoision , jesus you must be very entertained . 
  found the anglophile . 
  side note , you may enjoy [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asvf4dqddds ) which amusingly enough given the current situation is actually a speech by david cameron . 
  to be fair ( or rather unfair ) your user name is probably going to garner a lot of downvotes from the nationalist crowd regardless of what you say . 
  eh omon does n't really stop russian football hooligans back home either . 
  generally they are the kind of skinhead tosser that * likes * a good punch on with the riot squad . 
  for example [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/football/2013/dec/19/football-violence-view-around-world ) from 2013 is talking about russia putting new laws in place to halt expected domestic hooliganism in 2018 . 
  if you do n't care then why are you posting on / r/europe ? 
  i like the imagery , it 'd make a great / r/polandball comic . 
  no doubt he was playing to the backbenches as well , probably in the hopes of warding off boris ... 
  but look how well that 's played out for him . 
  good question . 
  i ca n't find the actual law but the electoral commissions guidance says that it is illegal to put a false statement about * another candidate * on your electoral material , does n't say anything about straight up lying about anything else . 
  perhaps ask / r/legaladviceuk for a better answer ? 
  i do n't think so , my money is on it being a cynical vote grab . 
  `` i 've got a brilliant plan , we 'll manipulate these idiots into voting for us instead of farange by throwning them a bone . 
  there 's no way that anyone would * actually * vote to leave the eu , it 'll kill the economy . 
  right !, 
  that 's the ticket , now back to the whiskey and cigars chum ! '', 
  except now they ca n't unring the bell . 
  events have overtaken them and there are a large number of people out there who 've swallowed the fearmongering propaganda hook line and sinker . 
  thus the prime minister and his party are being hoist upon their own petard and i sit here weeping for the future of my birthplace . 
  karma 's a bitch . 
  oh the irony . 
  the fact that this has come about in large part because of his own posturing to woo the tabloids and eurosceptic voters during the last election is both sad and kinda hilarious . 
  you know what they say , be careful what you wish for , you just might get it . 
  i 'm glad that you have so much faith in your fellow citizens but considering the current state of corruption in your country ( despite the really impressive work of dna ) i fear that it might be misguided . 
  i really do hope that i 'm wrong though . 
  romania does n't have a monopoly on formidable intelligence services . 
  there are a plethora of spies all over the world and none of them have been able to eliminate organised crime . 
  at best they can prune it back a bit . 
  as for guns , unfortunately if terrorists can get kalashnikovs into paris from eastern europe then criminals can certainly get them into bucharest . 
  gun laws and anti gun culture or no . 
  fair enough , but that 'll change it always does . 
  especially with the favorable economic trajectory romania is on . 
  seriously if i were the romanian police i 'd have a keen eye out for the russian and albanian mobs , they 're well organised/armed and they do n't fuck around . 
  i know , i have the video saved to favorites, 
  that may change rather quickly , i suspect transnational organised crime will see this as an opportunity to expand . 
  i do n't think these guys were being arrested for eating a succulent chinese meal though  edit : also icac is a good start but nsw police could probably learn a thing or two from dna, 
   your point is meaningless . 
  the un is a first world organisation , receiving money from first world countries - including australia . 
  why ca n't it provide a condition better than what it condemns ? 
  as i pointed out one is a relatively purpose built detention facility , one the australian government actively prevents ngo 's from monitoring . 
  the other is a refugee camp on the fringes of a warzone dealing with tens of thousands of people . 
  they are quite literally apples and oranges , the fact that the conditions are comparable is appalling full stop . 
  also the people in zaatari are there because they are fleeing for their lives , the people in nauru are there because we put them there . 
  see the difference ? 
   it is ridiculous to say that the same treatment is a breach of human rights somewhere and is okay somewhere else . 
  are we not all human ? 
  yes we are , so perhaps the australian government should start treating asylum seekers like people , not prisoners . 
   in case if you mean that people actively boarding boats from java deserve a better life than people rotting in zaatari , i have no more word to say to you . 
  yeah , they all deserve to be processed under the rules of the refugee convention . 
  if they are n't refugee then they get deported , if they destroy their documents and ca n't get new ones issued by unhcr then they get deported . 
   well ecuador accepts asylum seekers from australia , do you think it was a good idea to send them back to australia ? 
  if you are talking about julian assange then yes , if they send him back to australia he wo n't be harmed . 
  he might be charged by the courts and extradited but then that 's the risk he chose when he sponsored espionage activity . 
  no body anywhere is claiming that would be a human rights violation . 
  one is an emergency housing and transit camp built to accommodate people immediately fleeing a warzone who have nowhere else to go . 
  it is by its very nature a temporary and basic crisis response . 
  the other is a purpose built facility built by a first world nation ( one `` with boundless plains to share '' ) in a third world nations on the other side of the world from the conflict they are fleeing . 
  the fact that the conditions in the two are comparable in terms of violence , mental health outcomes and services is pretty damn disgraceful . 
  hell australia accepts refugees fleeing png , do you think it was a good idea to send other refugees back there ? 
  nauru is n't an active warzone so that is n't exactly comparable . 
  in fact i think you 'll find that there are n't many unhcr administered idp camps in syria , they 're mostly in the surrounding countries and those camps definitely are comparable to nauru . 
  the camps on nauru are also exceedingly unpleasant and we 've had then un specifically tell us that the pacific solution ( unfortunate name ) is a direct breach of australia 's human rights obligations . 
  actually i 'm british , i just live down here . 
  also champ here missed the very much implied / s tag so yeah * shrug *, 
  opinions are free , as are jokes . 
  this ones on you . 
  did n't you not see that gif the other day ? 
  our spiders do n't fly , they ambush you in the toilet instead . 
  seriously though , come visit melbourne and i 'll buy you a beer or something ( if you can drink that is ) . 
  i promise no one will try to crack your skull open for political reasons ... random fights at the pub however i take no responsibility for . 
  i dunno , i guess all the venomous wildlife here makes up for the lack of venomous police crackdowns . 
  greece can still afford to have authorities ? 
  well that 's because they are both right wing proto facist movements . 
  the only real difference is the culture that each group is claiming to defend . 
  come stay down here , plenty of turks in oz and the diaspora here is actually pretty chill .
