  eh there was a good 30 odd percent of registered voters who did n't bother to turn up . 
  more than enough to potentially swing it either way . 
  what i want to know though is why ? 
  seriously for something this huge who the hell is too lazy to turn up for a yes/no vote . 
   the political and economic meltdown will be ~ ~ entertaining ~ ~ horrifying to watch . 
  ftfy it 's going to be a trainwreck . 
  remember this when the inevitable recession hits friend . 
  shitposting ignorant aussies , no huge surprise there ... 
  nah this was just your usual ignorant partisan demanding retribution for people disagreeing with `` his team '' . 
  you get that type everywhere . 
  indeed , you ca n't really blame other people for it hurting when you punch yourself in the face when they already said `` hey , do n't punch yourself in the face '' . 
  yup !, 
  several million people are about to get a very abrupt lesson on the realities of international business , trade negotiation , tariffs and non tariff barriers to trade . 
  this will not be over quickly , they will not enjoy it . 
  already had this argument on facebook of all places about the nissan thing a couple of days ago . 
  people were calling for an `` investigation into nissan 's undemocratic interference '' ... * facepalm *, 
  i was planning on coming home next year , but fuck that now . 
  give it six months and it 'll be like coming out of a hangover at the company christmas party . 
  `` oh god what the fuck did i do ? 
  oh shit do i still have a job ? '', 
  they really do n't have a say in the matter though . 
  snp has an uncontested majority in the scottish assembly and this is a clearly not what they voted for anymore . 
  i was actually planning to move back to the uk if the vote came in remain ... now yeah , not going to happen . 
  also the fact that it is a fairly remote island chain and has some of the strictest gun control laws in the us anyway does n't hurt . 
  no kidding , seriously sometimes i think a lot of the worlds problems would be solved if we still allowed duels ... 
  what you are talking about is cognative dissonance , the subconscious rejection of contradictory data based upon ones emotional connection to existing beliefs . 
  yes it is a pretty strong tendancy , but recent research shows that long term exposure to differing views and compelling evidence eventually overcomes that barrier and changes minds . 
  exposure to either self affirmative stimulus or baseless negativity just reinforces that tendancy though . 
  so by frankly being a bit of a dick you are doing far more harm than good . 
  tldr ; constructive dialogue is psychologically more useful than name calling . 
  that 's irrelevant to his point though and content free insults like that will just harden his belief , just like it does when any other kind of hardliner . 
  i 'll be awake for the overnight portion of it anyway so i 'd be happy to give it a go . 
  sorry , twas about 2am when i wrote that . 
  whatever floats your boat mate . 
  wow , you do n't have any clue as to how the legal system works do you ? 
  a sentence is the type and length of punishment that a convicted person can receive . 
  for example 25 years containment , with provision for renewal when this time expires as brievik was sentenced . 
  note that i said containment , not solitary confinement . 
  his sentence did not specify how he was to be housed , that the authorities decided to house him on his own with no outside contact was considered an * additional * and * illegal * punishment . 
  that is not minutiae , that is the law . 
  i also did nothing of the sort . 
  the court ruled that they could n't keep him in permanent solitary confinement , a recognised form of serious psychological tortured . 
  you are suggesting that because he 's a killer it 's fine for him to be treated as such and that the court is being leniant upon him for ruling otherwise . 
  that is bullshit and would be illegal for someone to be treated as such under the laws of the united kingdom anyway regardless of eu law . 
  so you are suggesting that we should sink to his level and punish him in kind ? 
  that 's not how our society works and it would n't fly in the british courts either . 
  [ actually they are ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/britain_first ) , they just do n't have any seats . 
  not necessarily , he could just be a greedy fucker with no conscience . 
  it takes all sorts . 
  yes ... because they were keeping him in perpetual solitary confinement in his own separate wing with no opportunity for socialisation . 
  something her majesties prison service would not allow anyway , solitary is an internal punishment not a sentence . 
  all the court did was order that he court have the occasional visitor and be moved to general population , where he may even get stabbed for his trouble . 
  not that there are many stabbings in swedish prison , but they 've hardly done the man a favour and he wo n't be getting out any earlier . 
  please explain how you think the european court of human rights would have anything to do with the sentencing of a political assassin ? 
  the european convention on human rights says nothing about being leniant to murderers . 
  a person can be mentally ill and a terrorist , the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  yeah i 'm not going to spend two and a half grand and a whole day of my life on an aeroplane to come see a bunch of retrograde unionist and nationalist morons hash out their historical grievances through ritualistic dick waving and counter dick waving . 
  seriously we 're all europeans , we 've been killing each other for fucking hundreds of years . 
  nobody gives a fuck , just get on with your lives in peace and have a pint like a normal person . 
  hey !, 
  prison colonies have standards too you know !, 
  funny i visited family over there last year and it seemed pretty damn peaceful to me . 
  did n't see a single soldier on patrol either . 
  yep , none of that is stopping you guys having a referendum of your own . 
  mate , you need to buy and read [ * eichmann in jerusalem * by hannah arendt ] ( https://www.amazon.com/eichmann-jerusalem-banality-penguin-classics/dp/0143039881 ) and learn about the concept of the banality of evil . 
  perfectly normal and sane human beings are quite capable of doing truly horrific things . 
  in fact that makes them far more dangerous than lunatics because the truly insane by definition lack the power to be truly destructive . 
  it 's called being polite and it 's an artform . 
  it 's also one of the atributes which used to define a person as `` civilised '' , something you have failed to grasp quite spectacularly in this thread . 
  do n't speak ill of the dead troll boy . 
  it 's impolite and makes you look like a prize plonker . 
  yes , that 's because trying to change society based upon ones belief in a particular religious code is an inherantly political act . 
  thus religious terrorism still fits that definition . 
  if you believe that then your history teacher did you a severe diservice . 
  happens to the best of us mate . 
  i 'd put forward that it is an excellent argument for increasing mental health funding to the nhs . 
  she 's fine , it 's not a crime for the queen to sleep with the queens consort , she ca n't be disloyal to herself . 
  it is to have an affair with the crown princes spouse though , so anyone having fantasies about kate middleton better knock it off . 
  you have an interesting way of showing it . 
  you do realise that psni puts loyalists in jail these days as well do n't you ? 
  it 's not like the bad old days when the ulster constabulary gave precisely no fucks . 
  also as we 've seen the uk is totally fine with plebiscites on independence these days , if you chaps want to have one then you should go ahead . 
  somehow i do n't think a nice valium suppository is an effective cure for fringe ideology . 
  the old bailey is the central crown court where this is being held , the high court of justice is actually a separate court which deals with business , civil and family matters refered to it by the magistrates court . 
  there is also a further court of appeal and the supreme court of the united kingdom . 
  so ... 30 % of the voting public at the last general election then . 
  careful , the russian 's might think you 're threatening kaliningrad , 
  disloyalty to the crown . 
  specifically levying war against the realm , attempting to assassinate the monarch or having sex with prince phillip . 
  [ wiki source for the lazy ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_treason_in_the_united_kingdom ), 
  could be worse , you could live in ibiza and get it all year round . 
  par for the course . 
  that guy is playing to his audience , they just happen to be the lunatic fringe . 
  hell i would n't be surprised if he did n't believe half the nonsense he spouts , it 's just what his subscribers expect at this point . 
  major or notorious criminal trials in britain and wales are held at the old bailey in london in an effort to ensure the fairness and impartiality of the judgement . 
  they have been doing so [ since 1856 . 
  ] ( http://www.legalsecretaryjournal.com/?q=the_criminal_court_structure_of_england_and_wales ), 
  eh once you realise that brisbane began life as the secure housing unit for the prison that was the entire continent of australia it all becomes relative . 
  more fun british military terms . 
  - `` buckets of instant sunshine '' was the raf slang for nukes in the fifties .
