  they also hate instability . 
   nothing about being tired of all experts . 
  except all the pro remain experts ( so basically all of them ) that they were complaining about being `` wrong '' were in fact right about a leave result sending the economy straight down the plug hole . 
  so ... every day ? 
  whatever you do do n't try to convince people of this whilst travelling on the tube . 
  the disapproving stares will reduce you to ashes in mere moments . 
   optimism is great ... have you ever actually * been * to britain ? 
  i 'm pretty sure optimism is high treason and has been since thatcher was in power . 
  plan ? 
  there is a plan ... 
  honest !, 
  it 's not like any of you lot have ever properly worked a day in your lives anyway , what do you know about plans eh ? 
  there are plenty of backpacker bars around here i 'm sure i can make that happen ... well might have to use an impersonator though , steve smells a bit these days . 
  okay then on a scale of `` vote leave because you 're an ignorant so and so '' to `` going for a nice swim in the river up in darwin '' how much of an oxygen theif are you ? 
  sure there is . 
  put a freshly poured pint underneath a box held up by a stick and just wait ... 
  because if you look at the exit polls most of the people who voted leave are already retired or in comfortable positions . 
  they were n't thinking about the job market when they made their decision . 
  eh cromwell also made important contributions to the science of warfare by creating the new model army . 
  it was hardly a unique innovation however . 
  he also was what we today would call a genocidal totalitarian dictator running a single party military junta . 
  hardly a figure to be proud of . 
  and this makes fucking the irish up the ass without consent morally okay because ... ? 
  you and me both mate . 
  yeah ... pretty sure they are going out of their minds right now . 
  bloody scotsmen !, 
  with their incomprehensible accents and rationality !, 
  it 's not me playing but it gets so bad that the game assasinates him in the end . 
  take from that what you will . 
  beer sounds good , lets all just get drunk and forget this shit ever happened . 
  [ it varies ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/supermajority ) , but yeah doing huge changes like this through a simple majority ends up in clusterfucks like this . 
  i do n't think the europeans would accept it at this point . 
  i 'm also kind of amazed that they did n't run this referendum as a super majority , the country is so split that people are going to be pissed off at each other for years . 
  the party room has to vote on it . 
  that is indeed her magic power , she can only do it once though . 
  fyi i 'm dyslexic , if you think this is bad you should have seen me trying to spell check my undergrad thesis . 
  hegemonous ... that 's the one . 
  less blood more cultural uniformity . 
  edit : nope that 's not right either . 
  homogeneous !, 
  got there in the end . 
  ironically with all the inbreeding between the monarchies europe was almost as united back then as it is now . 
  self inflicted . 
  i 'm really having trouble deciding which of those options is worse . 
  that 's what i meant , not sure how i got that typo in there . 
  fun fact , in times of tension they get forward deployed to the indian border under local control as a check for indian conventional superiority . 
  forward deployed means they can be overrun , local control means the commander can then freak out and launch before he loses the opportunity . 
  sweet dreams . 
  prove me wrong . 
  you were n't before ? 
  what was the line in borgen ? 
  `` in brussels no one can hear you scream '', 
  leave response : `` we 'll just trade with the commonwealth instead ! '', 
  i find this hilarious because no they bloody wo n't . 
  - australia 's economy is restructuring after the end of the mining boom and we buy our stuff cheaper from our asian neighbors . 
  - nz 's has been subsisting on the lotr films , skiing and bungee jumping for years - canada is busy selling stuff to the yanks - the yanks are still mildly fucked from the last downturn/political almost as crazy - south africa is mega fucked , has been for years . 
  - most of west africa wo n't be importing anything for decades . 
  - india is busy competing with the chinese and do n't import expensive goods from the uk . 
  - finally all the various islands do n't have the population to make a dent in the hole eu trade will make . 
  edit : i forgot pakistan !, 
  pakistan is n't so much a country anymore as a collection of warring factions and a nuclear weapons program . 
  good luck exporting to them . 
  trade war maybe , actual war ? 
  no fucking chance mate . 
  the swiss were never members , per capita they 're rich and they have a much more hemogenous population . 
  basically they can get away with that shit . 
  the uk has none of those advantages and at this point anything that happens to their economy and/or union is going to be self inflicted . 
  i 'd be wary of that if i were you . 
  if you guys vote for it then by all means do it but keep in mind that the loyalist paramilitaries ( well whatever is left of them ) * will * kick up a collosal stink about it . 
  my guess is that it would n't be anywhere near as bad as the troubles , no bastard anywhere would support them . 
  that does n't mean it would n't be messy though , so yeah be prepared . 
  this is annoyingly and infuriatingly true . 
  true , unfortunately that was always going to happen if they voted to leave because voting leave was fundamentally an irrational decision . 
  the market however likes to run on rational choice theory and it 's failed them ( and me ) here miserably . 
  yup , and guess who 'll suffer the most for it ? 
  18-25 year olds who voted against brexit . 
  the retiries do n't give a damn , it 's not like they need jobs . 
  edit : typo , wrote for instead of against . 
  indeed , this wo n't be global but it 's certainly going to hurt the brits in the long run . 
  that said it 'll be interesting if the value of the pound collapses enough to keep manufacturing viable . 
  sure but then the eu can turn around and say `` hey , we told you not to punch yourself in the face , but did you listen to us ? 
  nope '' . 
   why not ? 
  your money will be worth a lot more yes it will be , but i only have so much and i 'm going to have to earn more . 
  which will be difficult with the job market up shit creek when the multinationals start pulling out . 
   and it 'll take years before article 50 is applied sure , [ it 's just everything else that will go to hell in a hand basket straight away ] ( https://youtu.be/ustypbked8y )  * and * you 'll get a visa just like your parents could to travel round europe that 'll just be an inconvenient pain in the arse , but that 's neither here nor there . 
   * and * it 's time the commonwealth started trading like we used too . 
  really ? 
  is it ? 
  because if you had n't noticed ( seeing as you 're still spouting that line i bet you did n't ) we are n't exactly in amazing shape down here either mate . 
  australia 's mining boom is dying off so we 're in a transitional down scaling period as we move towards a much deeper service based economy for the first time in our history . 
  we 're also already busy trading with our asian neighbors who are much closer and cheaper . 
  nz is fucked up , has been for years . 
  the only thing really keeping it afloat are the tourist dollars . 
  canada is busy trading with the yanks whose economy is still fucked from the last go around . 
  india sells to you , you do n't sell to india . 
  south africa is so fucked up its not funny , so are the west african former colonies . 
  then there are all the islands which collectively make up the roughly the population of wales . 
  seriously mate , wake up and smell the roses . 
  the british empire is dead and the commonwealth can not save you .
