because of course the finnish dude has a sauna . 
  that 's a fair argument but this is a geopolitical now , not domestic , which is where i personally disagree with those voters . 
  i understand their arguments but in the long term they 've gone in a thoroughly short sighted direction , which is their perogative . 
  for a start lets go with defending the principles of liberal democracy . 
  also maintaining an international order based upon the rule of law and westphalian sovereignty against a despotic kleptocrasy which believes only in the principle of `` might makes right '' . 
  i bet they just love doing joint manoeuvre 's with the royal navy ... 
  kinda the opposite , it 's more that they get to shirk all responsibility because no one would be mad enough to invade the alps under sustained machine gun and artillery fire from concealed and fortified positions . 
  to be fair some of the more remote places down here still run on generators . 
  i 've never tried deer but roo is pretty gamey and lean so that 'd make sense . 
  yep , all the real roo 's are `` sleeping '' by the side of the highway . 
  it 's even the same in australia , the remote communities out in the bush are an entirely different world when compared to the urban coastlines . 
  no just a dyslexic one . 
  this is rotherham not rotterdam . 
  the maximum sentence for rape in the uk is life imprisonment . 
  well they do n't `` own '' rotherham anymore . 
  they wo n't even own their own toothbrush until they 're old now . 
  good riddens . 
  the [ mclibel case ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v58kk4r26yk ) probably had more than a little to do with it as well . 
  no some of them definitely took it that far . 
  the counter argument was n't so much about ignoring it , rather it was about glorifying colonial accomplishments and minimising the nature of the things done to the indigenous population . 
  it 's pretty egregious . 
  yep , it 's pretty bad . 
  to put it in context though it was n't all one way , there were many retribution attacks against settlers which were a form of collective punishment as a part of traditional law . 
  to the settlers though these just seemed to be random attacks and thought it was just savagery , thus perpetuating the cycle of violence . 
  basically it turned into an undeclared guerilla war , though the states input was minimal . 
  it 's midnight here so i 'm not going to look up the quotes but check out the `` history wars '' during the john howard years and you 'll find some juicy stuff . 
  there is an entire right wing think tank called [ quadrant ] ( https://quadrant.org.au/ ) down here that is dedicated to this kind of nonsense amongst other crap . 
  i assure you that it is not satire and those crackpots were once taken very seriously by the australian government . 
  i 'm saying that i 've seen plenty of people make that argument about the british empire and the colonies . 
  some of those people are elected representatives . 
  hate to tell you but the british empire participated or facilitated in plenty of those down here , mass poisonings were common and the entire indigenous population of tasmania was hunted into extinction . 
  very little of which is acknowledged by the successor governments down here . 
  more than a few massacres of civilians in india as well , plus the concentration camps during the mao mao rebellion and the boer wars . 
  i agree in some ways and disagree in others . 
  the empire was all well and good if you were a white settler , but for the indigenous people 's down here , in the us , india , china and elsewhere it was fucking disastrous . 
  and i say that as a british expat who lives in a settler colony . 
  beirut it still considerably worse than paris , do n't kid yourself about that . 
  sure but what came before napoleon and gave him his opportunity to seize power ? 
  the terror and the excesses of the committee of public safety . 
  also what followed him gaining that power ? 
  the napoleonic wars , arguably the first truly global conflict . 
  i mean i think the napoleonic code and a lot of his other policies were great ideas but we ca n't forget that it was also an incredibly bloody time . 
  the perception has changed , not the reality . 
  yes , because throwing a coup d'etat and instituting a junta always calms things down , reduces violence and reestablishes the rule of law . 
  especially in france . 
  / s history , you should learn from it . 
  spring is starting down here , hope you guys are enjoying the weather :p, 
  damn tasmanian migrants !, 
  on the bright side that 's some good mining territory , maybe your economy will start looking up ? 
  up north it 's more likely to be salties and box jellyfish munching on them . 
  poor esti , ca n't even into queensland . 
  eh i 'm planning on doing a tour of central and eastern europe on my honeymoon so if you buy me a beer and show me around i 'll say even more nice things , 
   all of the people of australia could shoot camels all day and it would not make a dent in the camel population there , which is now the largest in the world , bigger than the african/middle eastern population . 
  please note the sincerely lack of fucks we give about that . 
  hell we round the little blighters up and ship them back to the middle east for a profit . 
  now if you were talking about cane toads you 'd have a point but no you picked camels . 
  also your argument centres around the hunting of invasive and pest animals , none of which anyone here in australia or in romania seems to have a problem with . 
  bears and wolves however * are not * invasive species , they are apex predators native to europe which have an existing defined place in the eco system ( ironically population control ) , which is n't true of camels , rabbit and toads in an australian eco system that lacks apex predators . 
  in short hunting them as pests on an industrial scale to control the population is just flat out unnecessary and if i did n't know better i 'd say that they should be shipping the excess wolves down here instead . 
  in the article it says they are setting up a [ special unit of the gendarmerie ] ( https://youtu.be/o41macrxepq ) to deal with animals deemed dangerous or which cause damage to live stock . 
  presumably that policy will include wildlife habitat monitoring and forestry as well because it would n't make much sense without it . 
  just for spam bots . 
  hunting deer is one thing , hunting big game as big business is another thing entirely ( particularly when there has been several high profile corruption arrests connected to the hunting industry and quotas in romania ) . 
  especially when you are talking about large predators which have been already been hunted to extinction in most of europe . 
  basically they are n't banning this because it 's uncivilized , they 're banning it because it 's a corrupting influence . 
  which makes sense in a country which is in an ongoing struggle with such influences . 
  no , but it 's certainly promising . 
  not strictly true whilst there is n't a pan european police force in a traditional role , [ europol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europol ) is a thing but it 's a support organisation and criminal intelligence agency . 
  there is also the [ european gendarmerie force ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_gendarmerie_force ) , which is a multinational military police intervention force intended for peacekeeping , peace enforcement , training and post conflict warcrime investigation . 
  alternatively those of us from somewhat more progressive countries with more effective welfare states , functional public education systems and an aversion to mandatory minimum sentences for minor drug crimes will probably wo n't have to deal with that problem . 
  why ? 
  because crime is a social phenomena . 
  in particular it is a function of socio-economic deprivation , the othering of individuals and of entire ethnic groups ( yes , i hear the `` inner city population '' racial dog whistle ) and a state that tackles the symptoms of crime as if it were a military campaign . 
  all of which is counter productive and does n't address the root social causes which make being a criminal an attractive or mandatory lifestyle choice . 
  blowback is a bitch . 
  i 've been consistently impressed with romania over the last few years . 
  actions like this , their serious crackdown on corruption , the response to the uk 's fears of mass migration and progressive business policies have been frankly excellent . 
  they 've got a nice steep growth curve too , good on you romania . 
  um what was the plan there ? 
  just park the car in the sun and wait for the gas cannisters to pop by themselves ? 
  you can come hang out in oz . 
  we 'll email your parents and tell them you 're engaged to some german backpacker or something to so they do n't hunt you down . 
  napoleon actually introduced them way back when . 
  apparently he and josephine had a [ thing for australian wild life . 
  ] ( http://www.thecultureconcept.com/napoleon-bonaparte-notable-australian-connections ), 
  [ ours is also blue and has kangaroo and an emu on it ] ( http://japantravelmate.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/my-australian-passport-cover.jpg ) . 
  i 'd be pretty surprised if they messed that up . 
  did a ravening hoard of stone eagles ever win a mechanized war ? 
  did n't think so . 
  actually i know someone who used to work for prince phillip at cambridge university and who is an almost retired viccar now , who voted leave . 
  not everyone who voted leave was a member of the disenfranchised working class . 
  also as a side note he 's severely regretting it now because of the economic fallout that i told him was going to hit . 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/0dosmkwrabi ) is what i was referring to and to respond to your point there was no false pretense involved in the uk 's eu membership . 
  joining an international organisation for the nations own self interest is as transparent as you get even if you disagree with the success of that strategy . 
  the will of the people have us brexit under false pretenses so you may want to refine that opinion . 
  also seeing as work places are private businesses at the moment you are perfectly free to start your own based on democratic principles . 
  works for the chinese . 
  / s seriously though , from your posts on here you seem to lack a basic understanding of how the world works . 
  maybe go out and educate yourself and then we can have a civil conversation . 
  thats what the markets do , they speculate .
