  the people before the ingrian finns were the izhorians and votics ( also finnic people ) . 
  * they [ lost some land ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/finnish_areas_ceded_in_1944.png ) to the soviets after losing the winter war . 
  * they are the country with the [ highest percent of people that would willingly fight for their country ] ( https://i.redd.it/nk1uzja3wvby.png ) in europe . 
  * the north of their country ( like in the rest of fennoscandia ) is sparsely populated and the historical homeland of the lapp people . 
  the northern part of the country was n't considered part of finland ( \u00d6sterland ) when finland was part of sweden . 
  * the finnish ethnicity is defined by the finnics that lived under the borders of finland that were part of sweden proper . 
  since estonians and veps ( among other finnics ) were n't part of sweden proper , they did n't end being considered ethnic finns . 
  * the swedish-speaking finns of finland speak swedish as a first language rather than finnish despite considering themselves ethnic finns rather than ethnic swedes . 
  they are a very influential minority , and because of them , swedish is mandatory in finnish schools . 
  they are the majority in the \u00c5land islands region of finland . 
  * saunas are very popular there . 
  * they have the best education system in the world . 
  finland has much harder qualifications than in other countries to become a teacher , kids start school at 7 , and they refer to their teachers by their first names . 
  * the brown bear is its national animal . 
  * nokia is from there . 
  * their president 's dog is pretty popular cause he always brings it with himself everywhere . 
  https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/864436162567471104 http://www.jpost.com/israel-news/politics-and-diplomacy/report-israeli-intel-officials-furious-over-trump-leak-to-russians-492290, 
  as i mentioned earlier , gay sex does not mean homosexual identity . 
  the wikipedia article does not go into much detail on what happened there . 
  so this is some info that comes up when searching two spirit :  american indian/first nations/native american persons who have attributes of both men and women , have distinct gender and social roles in their tribes , and are often involved with mystical rituals ( shamans ) . 
  their dress is usually mixture of men 's and women 's articles and they are seen as a separate or third gender . 
  the term `` two-spirit '' is usually considered to specific to the zuni tribe . 
  similar identity labels vary by tribe and include `` one-spirit '' and `` wintke . '' [ source ] ( http://ejce.berkeley.edu/geneq/resources/lgbtq-resources/definition-terms ) its basically just described as a third gender . 
  yes , third gender folk have sex drives so some engaged in `` gay sex '' , but it does not prove a homosexual identity existed . 
  even if cis people engaged in gay sex , it is not proof of a sexual orientation . 
  did they have a specific word for someone that identified as a homosexual ? 
  what was it ? 
  that refers to intersex . 
  there are 2 million rohingyas . 
  bangladesh has only taken less than a quarter of the total population despite being right next door to them . 
  pakistan and ksa together have taken about a million . 
  then other countries like malaysia , etc. 
  have also taken a few . 
  taking in 95 % + of the rohingyas from myanmar would end the whole conflict and suffering . 
  considering that india took in * millions * of economic migrants from bd , it would n't hurt bd to show some compassion and help end the rohingya conflict by taking them back . 
  the rohingyas do n't even have citizenship in myanmar whereas they would in their native bangladesh . 
  can you tell us more about him ? 
  does pis give out classified info and collude against poland 's interests ? 
  the bangladeshi government makes 0 effort to monitor their citizens leaving for other places such as europe , india , etc. 
  in large swathes yet put in full effort to stopping and refusing rohingya refugees ( they have taken some but only a small amount ) . 
  bangladesh refuses to take actual rohingya refugees from myanmar ( rohingyas are of bangladeshi origin ) yet want to mass migrate to europe even though their country is n't a war zone . 
   i do n't think they know anatolia used to be settled by other people than turks what are you basing this off of ? 
  this guy wants to become mod but deletes his account ... 
  okay , read the second part of my comment as well . 
  there is no gay gene . 
  what 's wrong with marriage in general ? 
  arthur rimbaud was not gay . 
  some pro-lgbt folk just say he was gay cause of some lines in his poem that he wrote with verlaine . 
  the lines in the poem do not allude to his sexuality but are i guess a bit romantic in nature . 
  i have n't read those lines but its not agreed upon by most people that rimbaud was gay . 
  at the time of writing it , verlaine already had a wife . 
  rimbaud also later on went to marry vitalie cuif and had a son with her . 
  -- anyways , i do think it might have been possible for a select few gay individuals to have existed in the 19th century since the term homosexual was invented back then ( 1869 to be specific ) , but i just gave that date because i have never heard of a homosexual from that time period . 
  regardless , it is an undeniable fact that homosexuals and homosexual civil unions are a relatively recent thing . 
  there 's a reason why no society in all of existence did not have gay marriages or even gay unions as a concept historically . 
  no languages also had a word for homosexual until recently . 
  in historical texts , the act is referenced rather than the sexuality . 
  for example , religious folk use the bible and qur ` an to condemn homosexuality , even though those books never say the sexual identity is wrong . 
  back then , since the concept of sexual identity did not exist , so only gay acts were referenced in those books . 
   just because they did n't say `` i 'm here '' does n't mean they were n't there . 
  many engaged in `` gay acts '' ( with boys ) , but none engaged in exclusively gay acts or in gay acts with adult males . 
  any idea why ? 
   if they came out they would be ostracised and in a lot of countries put in jail . 
  then how do you explain alexander , socrates , mahmud ghazni , etc ? 
   and there are historical figures from before 20th century that certainly were n't hetero . 
  `` hetero '' is not a sexuality . 
  the concept of sexuality is a pseudoscience and a modern day western liberal invention . 
  * all * historical figures were attracted to the opposite sex and married/had sex with the opposite sex . 
  if you can name one that was not attracted to the opposite sex , be my guest . 
  he 's right mostly . 
  gays only started appearing after the 20th century . 
  [ now , one-fifth of millennials identify as lgbt . 
  ] ( https://www.episcopalcafe.com/one-fifth-of-millennials-openly-identify-as-lgbtq/ ), 
  which country are you from ? 
   because god told me so people were always against gay sex ( which historically was between a man and a young boy ) . 
  the concept of homosexual identity and homosexual marriage is a recent western liberal thing . 
  what was her reaction ? 
  ancient greece did not have homosexuals . 
  it had straight men that molested underage boys , not anybody that identified as gay . 
  homosexual marriage/civil union never happened in any culture before pre-modern times . 
  homosexuals were n't a thing in pre-modern times . 
  having boy toys \u2260 having a homosexual identity . 
  in ancient greece , they only had boy toys ( which would be considered pdeophilia today ) , not actual homosexuals . 
  their homeland is turkey not the altai mountains . 
  czechia barely have any me refugees . 
  nobody is stopping you from taking in ukrainians . 
  this is chromosomal dna which makes up something like 0.0001 % of your dna . 
  if you want to see how nordic you are genetically , then you 'd have to look at autosomal dna . 
  many are outdated . 
  no , this is chromosomal dna , not autosomal dna . 
  pretty much . 
  you get two sets of haplogroups - y-dna ( which is what this map is likely about ) and mtdna ( mitochondrial dna ) . 
  you get the former from your paternal lineage and the latter from your maternal lineage . 
  your haplogroup will only contain something like 0.0001 % of your genotype ( so it wo n't influence your looks ) . 
  basically knowing your y-dna means that you know the y-dna of your great-great - ( x20 ) grandfather . 
  and knowing his y-dna gives an insight onto where your family lineage came from . 
  if you want to know whether you are x % northern euro , x % west asian , x % british-irish , etc. 
  then you would have to look at autosomal dna . 
  the map in the op is chromosomal dna . 
  what 's so special about those countries ?
