  on an unrelated note , is your username how to say `` onetwothree '' in your language ? 
   neither were poland , nrd or hungary . 
  did i say they were ? 
   what does it mean ? 
  i 'm risking a bit , since it might be something dumb , but any based on `` shit '' word , must have very deep meaning . 
  it basically means someone who is politically incorrect . 
  eastern culture is just more shitlordy . 
  this is n't because of the ussr , especially considering the czech republic was never part of it in the first place . 
  that too . 
  i just specified women because that 's what everyone in this thread was discussing . 
  women should never be hit unless they 're legitimately threatening your life . 
  this behavior is disgusting . 
   first , the latest poll made by the nationalist pro-independence governement of catalonia shows 50 % of catalans do n't want independence , whilst 42 % are for it . 
  that 's not a majority to me . 
  this [ 2013 poll ] ( http://www.participa2014.cat/resultats/dades/ca/escr-tot-resum.html ) says that ~ 80 % want independence though . 
  not at all , a large amount of ie people are assimilated non-ie people . 
  it was confirmed that bulgars were turks before assimilating in europe . 
  what is n't confirmed is whether the original bulgars were iranic or turkic . 
  ` dwa ' in pashto by the way . 
  lusitanians do n't even reach galicia . 
  this is n't even being discouraged . 
  and then people wonder why far-right parties are on the rise ... 
  the furthest they should go is calling themselves nordic . 
  calling estonia `` scandinavian '' is just really nonsensical and facepalm worthy . 
  people will actually think estonia is scandinavian now because of what that company did . 
  bigotry . 
  i meant how did op arrive at the number 1750 . 
  the number of finnish fighters abroad is 70 yet he scaled it to 1750 . 
  1750 out of how much ? 
  he 's clearly doing it on a per capita basis , but i 'm wondering what the numbers exactly represent . 
  there were much more than 34 albanians that went to fight abroad for example . 
  for finland , that 's 1750 muslims joining foreign fighters out of how many ? 
  i never said westerners were all ungrateful scavengers for not assimilating , stop strawmanning . 
  i just said assimilation is n't necessary for westerners in the arabian gulf . 
  the typical clueless op claimed it was , so i corrected him . 
  also , what you said about menas applies to you eastern europeans as well to a lesser degree . 
  i 'm not taking away from the responsibility of the muslim criminals when i say this , but europeans should stop acting immature and importing anything with a pulse . 
  there is no example of a country that takes in such a large amount of low class migrants all at once and they have a low crime rate . 
  the arab countries ' importation of westerners is pretty responsible , western europe 's is n't . 
  some countries in europe like the central european nations and portugal have a sane policy of importing foreigners , but germany and sweden are on crack . 
  i never claimed muslims in the west are better than westerners in arabia . 
  the op claimed that not assimilating in arabia would be a hindrance , and all i said was that was n't true since none of the westerners there are assimilated . 
   if i 'd emigrate i would n't want to be `` the other '' , the odd one out , i would want to be part of the society . 
  the number of westerners that actually live abroad and are not `` the other '' , as in they assimilate into the local culture , is less than the number of times you have commented on this thread . 
  of course , there are many excuses for why that happens , but that 's besides the point . 
   you can justify not wanting to integrate all you want but the point is that not caring about local culture is barely an issue there . 
  nitpicking certain laws like not being allowed to sell pork or not having easter holidays does n't change that . 
  the ignorant op claimed you have to have a knowledge of the local culture and language there to survive when the opposite is much closer to the truth . 
  even though i think they should try to learn the language , you 're right about the main reason why they do n't ( although they do n't either try to learn the local language in east asia either where they are mostly low wage esl teachers ) . 
  however , this was what the op said :  imagine us being dropped in to saudi or qatar with nothing and no understanding of the culture or language and then try to live . 
  all i 'm saying is the above is not true . 
  i never claimed that westerners were all ungrateful scavengers . 
  actually , virtually every westerner in southwest asia does just that . 
  there are just a few exceptions to stuff you ca n't do there like drinking alcohol in public , having lgbt pride parades , selling pork , etc. 
  but for the most part , it is n't that different . 
  also , these laws vary by country . 
  you can justify not wanting to integrate all you want but the point is that not caring about local culture is barely an issue there . 
  nitpicking certain laws like not being allowed to sell pork or not having easter holidays does n't change that . 
  the ignorant op claimed you have to have a knowledge of the local culture and language there to survive when the opposite is much closer to the truth . 
  no , but you certainly do n't need to be integrated into their society . 
  by a lot , i just meant that they are over represented in crime , unlike westerners abroad . 
  this varies by country of course . 
  i think everyone should try to assimilate abroad to some degree , at least learning the local language , and this includes westerners . 
  you ca n't sell pork or complain about easter ( christians are too irrelevant of a minority for that , it 'd be like muslims complaining about ramadan holidays in dresden ) afaik , but you could do the other stuff in some countries that are not saudi arabia such as the uae . 
  either way , the point was that you do not need to be assimilated into arab/muslim culture in order to get along fine there . 
  this was what the op said :  imagine us being dropped in to saudi or qatar with nothing and no understanding of the culture or language and then try to live . 
  in such a situation , you 'd be perfectly fine . 
  since 99.999 % of westerners in the arabian gulf have 0 understanding of arab culture/language . 
  oh , you were talking about working as an air hostess ? 
  i thought you just meant being a regular passenger . 
  either way , that one law does n't negate my argument that westerners care more about the current temperature in malawi than learning arabic or anything else remotely connected to the local culture . 
  i never either claimed westerners should all become muslims and wear burqas in order to integrate , just that westerners living in arab countries are usually no different to the ones living in the west . 
  besides , saudi arabia is just one country . 
  there are * zero * countries where westerners give a damn about local culture . 
  the most they 'll do is eat local ethnic food once a while , and even that 's pushing it for them . 
  i just mentioned that because there are lots of complaints regarding muslims committing crime ( most of which are local crimes not motivated by theology ) , a category in which they are over-represented , but not nearly as much complaints regarding westerners living in west asia or other muslim regions . 
  no , i 'm not saying that . 
  there are many muslims here in the us that are well assimilated . 
  it 's largely a class issue with obviously a cultural undertone as well . 
  westerners never assimilate or try to adopt the culture or language of their host nation under any circumstances though , regardless of whether the country is muslim or not . 
   in saudi arabia non-muslim women are n't even allowed to disembark the plane if they do n't put on a face covering . 
  proof of this law ? 
  westerners in east asia often live there for 10 + years yet can barely speak a lick of the native language . 
  they are mostly esl teachers . 
  i see no reason why they 'd bother to learn arabic in the arabian gulf countries if they do n't do so anywhere else and there is n't even pressure for them to assimilate . 
  the only way they 'd learn arabic is * maybe * if they were raised there since childhood . 
  even a lot of non-westerners are n't assimilated , just more so than westerners . 
  anyways , the op said that he would n't even be able to get by in arabia without immersed in the culture . 
  needing to know arabic or not is besides the point , although it 's common courtesy to at least make an attempt at respecting the local culture . 
  i doubt the westerners would even if they were granted citizenship . 
  non-arab asians and africans often learn arabic despite not having citizenship . 
  the number of westerners living in east asia that bother to learn the language is minuscule to non-existent . 
  so if they wo n't learnt the language in east asia , why would west asia be any different ? 
  the ones in the uae were both men and women , they seem to be straight but i never asked them . 
  i spoke to arabs from saudi arabia , qatar , and oman ; and they told me they never met a westerner that spoke arabic or did anything that resembled arab culture . 
  the migrants from africa and other parts of asia mostly spoke arabic though . 
  you 'd probably be fine in qatar or saudi arabia . 
  i 've been to the arabian gulf and i 've never met a single westerner that remotely respects the culture or bothers to learn the language . 
  most of the westerners there are peaceful though unlike a lot of muslims in western countries , that 's the most significant difference . 
  that difference is mostly because of class though .
