  interesting , i would have guessed it to be somewhere in south italy . 
  and not because nazism is a bigoted hateful ideology at its core ? 
  texas is not the most `` redneck region '' of the us . 
  that would probably be either mississippi or alabama . 
  texas is maybe usa 's bavaria , but usa 's most redneck region would maybe be more equivalent to east germany ( which i 've heard is the most illiberal part of german ) , especially mecklenburg-vorpommern if we want to be more specific since it has the lowest gdp per capita & most distinctive dialect in eg . 
  bavaria is the richest ( or one of the richest ) region of germany and the us `` redneck regions '' are seen as the opposite of that . 
  do protestants take the same religion classes as catholics ? 
  apparently , its used in [ tons of languages ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/gora ) . 
  when i say `` pure german '' , i meant that modern hannoverish is closest to shg i.e. 
  it sounds the most like shg and it has the least `` accent '' . 
  its the most typical type of german whereas other german dialects have more of an `` accent '' . 
  here are random germans with the same views as mine on hannoverish ( in case you think i 'm making up stuff ) : [ 1 ] ( https://www.quora.com/it-is-often-said-that-people-in-hannover-speak-the-purest-german-whatever-that-means-where-does-that-come-from-historically ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.quora.com/why-is-the-colloquial-language-spoken-in-hannover-so-similar-to-pure-standard-german-while-in-the-other-regions-of-northern-germany-dialects-so-called-missingsch-of-standard-german-have-developed ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.antimoon.com/forum/t9487.htm ), 
  many germans have told me that hannoverish is closest to standard high german . 
  by `` purest '' , i meant that it has the least `` dialect/accent '' . 
   hannover only stood out because the local low german had died out quicker than in other areas . 
  where are you getting that from ? 
  why would it die out quickly there ? 
  what 's so special about hannover ? 
  low saxon died out there after the high german spoken there ( mostly by higher class folk ) was chosen to become standard high german . 
  then after decades of enforcing shg , saxon died out in many parts of north germany ( including hannover ) . 
  hannover was chosen cause it was in the middle of germany so it was closest to a `` neutral '' dialect and also had the least foreign influence . 
   as the other user has pointed out , prague german used to be considered `` the purest '' german as well when i say `` pure german '' , i meant that hannoverish is closest to sgh . 
  hannoverish is referred to as the purest dialect of german for a reason . 
  it was chosen as the standard form cause it was in the middle of germany . 
  everybody knows that low saxon was the native language of hannover but high german ( lutheran 's german ) was also spoken for religious reasons and its the base of modern standard high german . 
  also , a german guy explained this to me in another similar thread i made , / u/springinberlin . 
  i heard it was based on the dubrovnik dialect . 
  it was based off the dialect of hannover , ( which adopted it as the standard form cause of martin luther ) but its not a native dialect of hannover which was originally a low saxon speaking city . 
  do n't worry , its just slang . 
  it may go away soon and slang without a single foreign word is inevitable . 
  on the bright side , words like these will never make it to the standardized register of the language . 
  i 'm from ny and we did n't have religious clubs in high school , although we do have them in college . 
   it 's a german language with a lot of influence from romance languages . 
  revolting . 
  some might agree with that . 
  see / r/anglish . 
  dumb question , but orange and brown skin only come as a result of fake tans , right ? 
  okay . 
  so the acceptable age gap for dating is the same as the us then ? 
  so its not weird for a 22 yo to date a 14 yo ? 
  what is the largest acceptable age gap there ? 
  it definitely was in the new world and iberia ( my first link mentions spain ) . 
  i 'm pretty confident it was in the rest of europe as well since i do n't see why it would be restricted to france 's boundaries . 
  i do n't have sources on me that specify each european country though , maybe they do at the history subs . 
  [ this link mentions it was a thing in ancient greece and rome . 
  ] ( http://barefacedtruth.com/2012/01/25/cosmetics-through-history-part-2-dark-ages-to-mid-20th-century/ ) and in case you were n't specifying europe , it was very common in asia and north africa as well . 
   in europe , pale skin was likewise a sign of privilege , and when the upper classes went out riding on horseback , they applied lotions made of violet and rose oils to protect their skin from the sun . 
   fair skin remained highly valued in europe . 
  during the reign of louis xiv ( 1638-1715 ) , members of the sun king 's royal court strove for a flaw - less , white complexion . 
  fashionable french society avoided the sun , and also used skin-whitening cosmetics to help conceal scars that were so common in an era when diseases like smallpox left the skin covered in blemishes and pockmarks . 
   by the end of the 17th century , french doctors , concerned about the long-term effects of harmful mercury and lead-based cosmetics , successfully campaigned for the outlawing of these toxic ingredients . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.skincancer.org/prevention/tanning/tale-of-tanning ) is just one source . 
  its citations are listed at the bottom . 
  -- [ in victorian england , women intentionally got tuberculosis to become even paler ( although they did not know about the harms of tuberculosis back then )  ( http://www.smithsonianmag.com/science-nature/how-tuberculosis-shaped-victorian-fashion-180959029/ )  among the upper class , one of the ways people judged a woman 's predisposition to tuberculosis was by her attractiveness , days says . 
  `` that 's because tuberculosis enhances those things that are already established as beautiful in women , '' she explains , such as the thinness and pale skin that result from weight loss and the lack of appetite caused by the disease . 
  -- i thought this was common knowledge . 
  i 've also read about women in the us in the 1800 's wearing gloves and carrying umbrellas to avoid the sun . 
  no , they do n't look irish . 
  i just thought it might have been a more of a western cultural thing rather than a pan-white people thing . 
  in the past , pale skin was prized over tan skin among white people , but then the cultural phenomenon of prizing tan skin over pale skin started in western europe & the anglosphere ( as recently as the 1920s ) so i was wondering how widespread that attitude was in eastern europe . 
  women want to be tall ? 
  i would have thought the opposite . 
  the confederate flag has been argued as racist , but it has a long tradition of being used by southerners as a symbol of their identity , even some ( a tiny minority albeit ) black southerners use it . 
  [ most southerners say it represents southern pride . 
  ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/02/politics/confederate-flag-poll-racism-southern-pride/ ) the reason a lot of folk say its racist is because of its origins . 
  it was first created as northern virginia 's battle flag , a group of militants whose sole objective was to divide the union so that slavery could continue in the south . 
  so the argument that its racist stems from the fact that it started out as a representation of a pro-slavery group and that waving the flag is tacit approval of slavery since its origins are racist and its symbolism can never go away . 
  the argument that its not racist is that its been used for well over a century now in the south and most southerners do n't approve of slavery anymore and its become so associated with the south that its a symbol of their identity . 
  its a complicated argument but the people that wave the flag do n't view it to have the same meaning that it originally did ( although many people that wave the flag are racists ) . 
  most americans do n't view sanders as a communist , only a minority do . 
  many people were against sanders cause his proposals sounded unrealistic . 
  and democratic socialism is n't really shunned , just the communism/socialism in the places i mentioned . 
  there is n't much to see beyond nyc . 
  what did she do in wales ? 
   not being able to place countries on a map same applies to europeans though . 
  i mean , yeah , norwegians can place sweden on a map , but can you guys place gambia on a map ? 
   knowing nothing about europe or the world . 
  i agree that we should have more emphasis on globak history here , but i do n't think europeans are that different . 
  how much do norwegians know about tajikistan ? 
   the `` we are # 1 '' mentality and restraint to learn about anyone else . 
  this mostly comes from our global might as a superpower and usa being the center of global politics . 
  but i agree that kind of attitude is a bit arrogant . 
   not speaking more than one language fluently too is just sad . 
  its mandatory to take language courses starting from middle school and highly encouraged later on . 
  the reason most americans do n't speak any language other than english is because english is the global longua franca so its not necessary to do . 
  that 's why most folk from countries in the anglosphere are monolingual . 
   really loud about their faith , everyone is shoving their christianity down others throat . 
  i see later in your comment you were referring to southern/midwestern states . 
  i have never been there so i wo n't argue with that . 
   all they know of history is us history . 
  addressed above , and i agree it is a bit unfortunate . 
   how right wing fundamentalists in usa are only considered republicans , not mentally ill . tbf , every country has right-wingers . 
  and there are liberals do consider them mentally ill or a hate group . 
   how the southern flag is on cars in the south its used to represent southern culture . 
   how racism is still relevant in usa . 
  can you name one diverse country where it is n't relevant ? 
  ( maybe brazil is an exception to some degree )  how `` 420 '' is an important political movement to you . 
  agreed . 
   how obnoxiously patriotic people are and the fact that patriotism is a good thing in usa too . 
  agreed mostly on this too .
