  the european part was redundant . 
  life quality is not based on gdp but based on gdp * per capita * . 
  and getae ( in the southeast ) . 
  yes , there are those types of euro-americans that overexaggerate the faintest connection with europe , but they are often very mixed and very rare . 
  most do n't put any emphasis on distant ancestry . 
  the people that have little connection to the region they claim descent from are usually of germanic descent since the dutch , germans , and scandinavians came a long time ago . 
  so the only real connection some euro-americans have with them is blood ( to a degree ) and maybe surnames . 
  although americans of british descent do n't go around calling themselves as such , they do have quite a lot in common with britain in terms of culture/genetics , so why is it a big deal if they mention it ? 
  they are the reason that the us is part of the anglosphere afterall . 
  here in ny , there are quite a few people of recent irish and italian descent . 
  the part i live in is mostly italian and the italian-americans here eat italian food , are genetically italian , have italian given names/surnames , associate with other italian-americans , may speak with traces of an italian accent , may visit family in italy , and sometimes even speak italian fluently . 
  so why is it an issue if they identify as italian ? 
  there are also a couple of irish here that identify as straight-up irish even though their family has been here for a while . 
  some even support ireland against usa in football/soccer matches . 
  although from my experience , there are very few americans of german , british , or scandinavian descent that identify with those parts of europe unless they are having a discussion on ancestry . 
  yes , but the protestants are not ethnic irish ( they consider themselves british & trace their ancestry to there ) and do not support a united ireland ( with a few exceptions ) . 
  since the flag is used to represent ethnic irish people and often a symbol of irish cultural heritage , orange does n't seem necessary . 
  but its your people 's flag , so if you guys consider protestant brits to be part of ireland 's identity , then that 's just your viewpoint i guess . 
  the orange stands for protestant brits . 
  you 're okay with representing a foreign people in your flag ? 
  should n't the irish flag be quintessentially irish like sinn f\u00e9in 's flag ? 
  the country is named after that region . 
  bohemia is called \u010cechy in czech . 
  moravia is just a historical region , the people living in moravia are mostly ethnic czech ( bohemian ) . 
  according to this unsourced paragraph on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkars ) , the alans were pushed down south by timur :  during the 14th century , alania was destroyed by timur . 
  many of the alans , cumans , and kipchaks migrated westward into europe . 
  timur 's incursion into the north caucasus introduced the remainder to islam . 
  also , does the name balkar come from bulgar ? 
  are caucasian avars and pannonian avars the same ? 
  so basically , the vast majority of sarmatians migrated with the huns to europe . 
  a minority was leftover in the steppe and they got pushed into caucasia by the turks ? 
  but there was no large scale slaughter of sarmatians/alans by the turks though ? 
  who were the people that displaced the sarmatians ? 
  were they pechenegs and kipchaks ? 
  i ca n't find any references to battles or anything between them when searching online . 
  scythians came from central asia . 
  i assumed that it was uralic before they came due the russian steppe 's proximity to uralic regions . 
  who did the golden horde displace in the russian steppes when they turkified the area ? 
  before the sarmatians and turko-mongols conquered the russian steppe , was n't it uralic ? 
  oh right , my bad . 
  they were the successors to the golden horde and lived in most of that region . 
  they are n't entirely wiped out but their states are much smaller now . 
  the region you 're pretty much describing is the russian steppe and some portion of land north of it . 
  that region used to be iranic ( sarmatian ) and before that was likely uralic since iranics were invaders from central asia . 
  north of the russian steppe and west of tatarstan were uralic . 
  volga tatars are kipchakified chuvash ( bulgars ) . 
  the mari people refer to volga tatars as * suas * , which is a cognate to chuvash . 
  the suas/suvar/chuvash were a subgroup of the bulgars ( oghur turks ) . 
  the modern day chuvash people are referred to as * suasenmari * by the mari people , which means `` chuvashified mari '' . 
  nowadays though , volga tatars call themselves * tatar * although that is not what they historically called themselves . 
  tatar is a name given to them by the russians who called all turkic groups * tatar * which is why there are different types of `` tatars '' . 
  the word * q\u0131r\u0131mli * just means `` crimean '' in turkish . 
  not true . 
  between kazan and crimea are mostly historically uralic lands like that of the mari , udmurt , mordov , etc. 
  then south of those lands is where the caucasus begins . 
  the modern definition of tatar is not the same as the historic definition of tatar . 
  historically , the term tatar applied to all turkics in general , and at times even included tungusics and mongolics . 
  so the reason why they were historically relevant is because historically the word tatar referred to a much broader group of people . 
  silesians are a polish subgroup . 
  its possible the dutch - i\u00eb suffix comes from latin but it sounded like the english - y suffix to me . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/-ia http://www.dictionary.com/browse/-ia, 
  why does the region moravia exist ? 
  most people in moravia are bohemian ( ethnic czech ) . 
  moravians are just around 5 % of the country 's population . 
  they should change moravia 's name to eastern bohemia ( since most people there are ethnic czech/bohemian ) or divide it up or change the name to something else . 
  slovaks are the ethnic continuity of the moravians and barely any moravians live in the czech republic anymore . 
  the country could be called bohemia and the region could be called bohemia proper . 
  in croatia , they have a region inside called croatia which is the exact name as the country in both english and croatian . 
  tsjechi\u00eb would be czechy in english , not czechia . 
  the * - ia * suffix is latin , and english is the only germanic language that uses it . 
  bohemia and czechia are basically the same thing though . 
  bohemia is just the english name . 
  in czech , bohemia is called \u010cechy . 
  ethnic czechs and bohemians are the same thing . 
  west asian , not south asian . 
  do you think they can `` basquify '' the south of navarre ? 
  like based on birthrates and stuff . 
  what do basques in navarre think about merging their land with the basque country ? 
  there 's also a theory that the name hrvatska came from a place called harauti ( arachosia in english ) in modern day afghanistan/pakistan . 
  interestingly enough , there 's also a theory of tying the name serb to the sarban people ( ethnic pashtun subgroup in afghanistan/pakistan ) . 
  this theory states that the original serb and croat people went to poland and then travelled from poland to the balkans . 
  the theory is only in regards to the originator of the names croat/serb rather than any cultural/genetic legacy . 
  just curious , why ? 
  not in a million years . 
  same in spanish . 
  it sounds weird to me though . 
  i would just like to change the name of the whole country . 
  or maybe we could unite with canada and continue under canada 's name while keeping the capital at washington dc . 
  some proposed names for usa were columbia , alleghany , freedonia , and usonia . 
  i personally like alleghany ( with usonia coming in at second ) . 
  what is the name of said politician ? 
  he was forced to ? 
  these names are both german and germanic . 
  okay thanks . 
  how do you pronounce the < ll  in * llamas * by the way ? 
  yeah , i was n't naming only old fashioned names , just generally names of germanic origin . 
  karl , heinrich ( henry ) , hans , emmerich , adele , william , bernard , adelheid , alfred , frederick , albert , herbert , ernest , frank , ludwig ( luis ) , gerald . 
  and the north sea as well ? 
  do n't forget the north sea :p, 
  i think you may be confusing the scottish dialect of english with the scots language , which is very much a minority tongue .
