  there is no such thing as a pure-bred anything , we 're all mixes of this and that , but some of us are white , some of us are asian , some of us are black , and then some of us are mixes of those as well . 
  whatever `` german '' refers to here : ethnic groups : german 91.5 % , turkish 2.4 % , other 6.1 % ( made up largely of greek , italian , polish , russian , serbo-croatian , spanish ) https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/gm.html also , earlier you mentioned ethnic turks to distinguish them from turkish citizens . 
  if ethnic turks exist , then why do n't ethnic germans exist ? 
   you can be racist against a mexican the same way you can be racist against any single person on earth : by discriminating them on the basis of race . 
  discriminating because they are mexican is xenophobia , which is n't racism , but is not to be supported at all . 
  race is n't a scientific concept . 
  racism is basically just discrimination based on how someone looks or their cultural heritage . 
  there is a clear look and cultural stereotypes associated with mexicans , turks , etc. 
  as a whole that makes discrimination against them fall into the category of racism . 
  if we were to take the definition of race literally then anti-arab and anti-mena discrimination is n't either racism since arab/mena are n't `` races '' ( caucasoid , negroid , mongoloid ) . 
   it 's not really that hard considering it 's a bloody group on facebook so settings can very easily be propped up for that usage . 
  this was a ban against turkey and turkey does not automatically equal ethnic turks just like ethnicity does not dictate who you are . 
  i am hella darker than the people in france and yet check my passport , i 'm french . 
  tell me how he 's supposed to ban every single ethnic turk ? 
  he 'd have to censor people with turkish names which takes a while to do . 
  just flat out banning people from turkey is much easier than banning ethnic turks . 
   yes ? 
  i mean , i 'm sorry to be the bringer of the great gong of the truth but germans are mixed when it comes to race . 
  it 's xenophobia and should not be tolerated but it is n't racism . 
  german designates a person that follows a certain type of lifestyle and identifies and follows a certain culture , regardless of race since germans tend to care a lot less about ethnic appearance and more about individual behaviour ; hence why americans that say `` oh i 'm german/irish/french , my grandfather was from [ city/country ] '' make nearly all europeans cringe . 
  this is just being blind . 
  when people call germans `` nazis '' its obvious they mean ethnic germans . 
  not everything has to be spelled out . 
   no , for me the basis is behaviour . 
  an ethnic turk born and raised to , let 's say , french culture and standards in france , is not turkish , it 's french . 
  people that tend to hate turks hate them for ethnic reasons rather than for the citizenship they hold . 
  this reminds me of the obviously racist trump supports saying that mexican is n't a race so they ca n't be racist against mexicans after calling them a barrage of insulting stereotypes . 
   yet he did not ban turkish citizens from germany did he ? 
  he banned people in turkey in general , whereas if he wanted to ban turkish people then he could very easily start cross checking names and focus on that . 
  no , he could n't `` easily '' start cross-checking names . 
  it is 100x harder to ban turkish people by looking up every turkish name in existence than to simply ban their country . 
  his basis for banning turkey is negative experience with ethnic turks . 
  if there was some way he could ban ethnic turks in europe , i 'm sure he would . 
  kurds are similar to turks in looks , culture , and to a lesser degree stereotypes . 
  do you really think his sole basis of defining a turk is based on whether they have turkish citizenship ? 
  he is more likely to prefer ethnic armenians living in turkey ( whatver tiny minority is left ) over ethnic turks living in germany . 
  his banning of turkish citizens is based on his negative stereotyping of ethnic turks , and he could care less if a few kurds get caught in the crossfire . 
  so you believe that calling germans `` nazi '' as a form if cheap insult has nothinf to do with racism since the term german denotes a citizenship ? 
  i think the manager who denied you access was racist for denying turks ( although they have that right ) , however you overreacted a bit towards a person that did n't even make the discriminatory rules in the first place . 
  she was not the one that made the rules or anything so she should n't have been called racist . 
  it was just the company she works for , not her herself . 
   it is n't racism since this discrimination is not based on race , it really is just based on nationality . 
  this is just splitting hairs to avoid the racism accusation . 
  there is a certain look and stereotype associated with the people of turkey , who are mostly ethnic turks . 
  its clear the negative impression of the person denying turks access from joining their group was based off of experience with ethnic turks . 
  by your logic , saying mexicans/germans/spaniards / etc. 
  are xyz is not either racist because they are all nationalities . 
  i can understand people not considering turkey or maybe even russia to not be part of europe , but besides those two there are still many non-eu countries that are definitely part of europe . 
  if them leaving the eu is why you do n't want to go there , then why is england worse than non-eu countries in europe ? 
  why england ? 
  then ask in french ? 
  by ethnic austrian , i assume he 's referring to the germanic people of austria . 
  what 'd he say ? 
  i 'm from new york as well and most people i know refer to obama as black and there was big talk about how he was going to be the first black president back in 2008 . 
  but really anti-gay societies tend to not allow the existence of gay bars in the first place . 
  i expected poland to be one of those places where they would n't allow the construction of a gay bar to begin with . 
  between neighboring countries , there are n't much differences but i was talking about we as a whole vs ee as a whole . 
   people in the east are the same as the people the west , easterners just earn less money . 
  it 's not a different world . 
  there are also significant cultural differences and social attitudes . 
   i remember one guy on / r/polska saying how he 'll laugh from behind the fence when they put my kind in auschwitz again , i wish i was joking . 
  are most people in that sub pro-lgbt or anti-lgbt ? 
   there are gay clubs in every major city that 's very surprising to me . 
  would not have expected that from poland . 
   my explanation is very misleading as i skipped several decades . 
  so was your explanation still correct ? 
   you seem to know a lot about medieval history . 
  are you a student ? 
  i 'm a student , but not studying history . 
  i just know this stuff cause i have some free time :p you might find [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/43r9bg/states_of_germany_divided_along_ethnic_lines/ ) interesting . 
   anyway , i 'm from neddersassen . 
  that 's why i want my name back . 
  :-d oh , at least you guys have * sachsen * in your name . 
  imagine being from a state in north germany other than niedersachsen or sachsen-anhalt . 
  most north germans from a state that does n't have * sachsen * in its name are n't even aware of their saxon identity . 
  left wing . 
  which liberal party performed the best ? 
  damn , did n't think right-wingers would be like that in the netherlands as well : / its sad there is less awareness over how big a deal climate change is . 
  yeah , i am aware of the saxony situation . 
  i made some posts in / r/germany about saxony as well . 
  i was just wondering if that 's what you were referencing . 
  thanks for the additional detail though , was n't aware of the title transfer . 
  i thought saxony simply inherited the name due to being named as such . 
  afaik , the people that gave saxony its name was the ascanian ( anhalt ) dynasty from north germany ? 
  there 's a similar conundrum with the people of franconia ( north bavaria ) calling themselves franks when they 're of allemanic descent and only recently became known as franks . 
  the people of upper saxony are actually of thuring descent and speak the thuringish dialect so it would end this whole confusion if it were merged into thuringia . 
  the people of southern saxony-anhalt are also of thuringish descent and speak the same dislect , so same could be done with that region . 
  if * niederdeutsch/plattdeutsch * was called * s\u00e4chsisch * instead , then it would help consolidate the identity of north germans as ethnic saxons , but north germans do n't seem to be interested in any of that . 
  which state are you from in germany btw ? 
  what 's the worst they could do ? 
  not even kosovo ? 
   and most importantly gib back our name . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  how did you guys lose it to ukraine ? 
  how do you say finnic and finnish in estonian ? 
  what about stuff like english movies/shows or anime ? 
  are they dubbed/subbed in minority languages ? 
   we are baltic-finns how acknowledged is it by estonians that they are finns ? 
  do any estonians consider themselves a finnish subgroup ? 
  what about nrw ?
