  but the left 's chaotic immigration policies have turned muslims into europe 's new jews . 
  all muslims should vote for those parties . 
  the left does not hate muslims like the right does but this uncontrolled migration of muslims to europe ( irrespective of they 're refugees or not ) creates hatred towards muslims in europe . 
  most brits are non-religious christians . 
  it would make more sense to look at christian countries where people actually believe in christianity and are n't christian in name only . 
  the difference is that a woman 's sex is biologically pre-determined whereas homosexuality is a result of environmental factors . 
  this is why there are so many cases of genetically identical twins where one twin is gay and the other is n't . 
  actually many non-abrahamics are against homosexuality . 
  joking ? 
  cause he was n't . 
   also , this poll is biased towards moderate muslims because only those who have been approved for immigration to the uk . 
  except british muslims are not really more `` moderate '' than the groups you listed . 
  there are very few groups of muslims more conservative than them . 
  tibetan buddhism is against it . 
  the western bloc-eastern bloc division is the most accurate way to culturally divide europe in half ( with the exception of greece which is culturally eastern european/balkanish ) . 
  really , you/they chose light gray ? 
  could n't think of a worse color to overlay on top of white . 
  ukraine would n't allow a referendum in the first place , fair or unfair . 
  i 'm not saying what i think but what others think . 
  the concept of a muslim state is much more foreign to western europeans than to eastern europeans . 
   in his book the clinton tapes : wrestling history with the president from 2009 , historian and author taylor branch , a friend of u.s. president bill clinton , made public more than 70 recorded sessions with the president during his presidency from 1993 through 2001 . 
  [ 99 ] [ 100 ] according to a session taped on 14 october 1993 , it is stated that :  clinton said u.s. allies in europe blocked proposals to adjust or remove the embargo . 
  they justified their opposition on plausible humanitarian grounds , arguing that more arms would only fuel the bloodshed , ** but privately , said the president , key allies objected that an independent bosnia would be `` unnatural '' as the only muslim nation in europe . 
  he said they favored the embargo precisely because it locked in bosnia 's disadvantage . 
  ** [ . . ] when i expressed shock at such cynicism , reminiscent of the blind-eye diplomacy regarding the plight of europe 's jews during world war ii , president clinton only shrugged . 
  he said ** president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand of france had been especially blunt in saying that bosnia did not belong , and that british officials also spoke of a painful but realistic restoration of christian europe . 
  ** against britain and france , he said , german chancellor helmut kohl among others had supported moves to reconsider the united nations arms embargo , failing in part because germany did not hold a seat on the u.n. security council . 
   * -- taylor branch , the clinton tapes : wrestling history with the president [ 101 ] * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_war people are becoming more and more anti-muslim in europe because of middle eastern muslim immigrants and this translates to a general anti-muslim view in geopolitics as well . 
  i do n't think this is rational , but it is what it is . 
  albanian and bosnian muslims have n't done anything wrong in europe , but the ongoing general negative sentiment towards muslim does n't make exceptions for them because they have religious affiliation with middle easterners , who they do n't like . 
  its stupid but that 's the way some europeans from a christian background see muslims . 
  if you notice a lot of the anti-muslim people , they seem to have a heavy bias towards christians against muslims in all cases even if the different cases have no connections . 
  they blindly support russia against chechnya , philippines against the moros , serbia against bosnia , etc. 
  all because they do n't like muslims . 
  it does n't make sense to link non-interconnected groups together like that but when you really dislike a group ( muslims in this case ) , then you think like that . 
  even when bosnia was gaining independence , there were many european christians that were really pissed off because the thought of a muslim state in europe was unbearable since islam was much more foreign to europe than christianity . 
  why does n't croatia have a republic within bosnia like the serbs do ? 
  that sounds like a completely baseless theory . 
  its most likely a variety of factors such as peer pressure , cheap price , it helps them relax , etc. 
  thanks . 
  where does `` tans '' come from ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/2tevu4/why_do_irish_republicans_refer_to_the_british_as/ ) is some info i found on / r/askhistorians . 
  you 're thinking of a different hun . 
  there 's the hun you referenced and then there 's [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/huns ) . 
  yes , taig and tadgh are the same thing . 
  actually , its not a term of endearment . 
  i 've heard the irish use it as a slur towards the brits similar to how some brits use * taig * as a slur towards the irish . 
  i 'm guessing since the english invaded ireland , the word hun is just used to signal that they are invaders similar to the huns that invaded europe . 
  why do some irish call the english huns ? 
  where does that come from ? 
  poland was involved in stuff like the invasion of iraq and afghanistan but only had a supporting role at best . 
  its very misleading to color so many countries red and makes the map uninteresting imo . 
  true , but the difference is n't nearly as stark with we countries . 
  why is estonia head and heels above the rest of eastern europe/ex-ussr nations ? 
  although not shown on the map , mongolia also invaded poland . 
  the source is qantara , who are a muslim site that only focus on muslim issues . 
  i did n't think any women wore bikinis back then , interesting . 
  but it still was n't the norm since western clothing were a recent thing . 
  the blonde woman in your second photo is peg podlich who was a tourist from arizona , not an afghan local . 
  and you do n't have to be so butthurt to downvote every single comment that disagrees with your worldview . 
  paging / u/marmulak . 
  he knows this topic in more detail . 
  those are communist propaganda posters representing only a minority of afghanistan 's upper class elite . 
  it was certainly more progressive back then than it is now , no denying that , but it was n't anything like the west . 
  wearing western clothes does n't mean they would wear bikinis at beaches . 
  i can understand armenia and azerbaijan since they are neighbors with a somewhat similar culture but kazakhstan is nothing like azerbaijan , except it speaks turkic . 
  women in afghanistan never went to the beach in bikinis . 
  how would one confuse kazakhstan and azerbaijan ? 
  thanks , helps to keep your mind open on what goes on in other countries . 
  why do the arabs from ceuta and melilla feel fiercely spanish ? 
  there is nothing wrong with them wanting independence , but little to no bavarians want it . 
  this is just lazy journalism trying to make an issue out of nothing . 
  the name of the country would be baiern ( old spelling of bayern ) not `` austro-bavaria '' . 
  austrians already call their dialect/language `` bairisch '' . 
  the name austria just means `` eastern realm '' and was never an ethnic descriptor like bairisch was . 
  baiern originally included bavarian-speaking areas not currently part of bavaria such as austria ( excluding vorarlberg ) and south tyrol . 
  why is this so highly upvoted ? 
  bavarian separatism is n't even a movement with any sort of momentum in germany . 
  no german really even talks about it in the real world . 
  what was the name of the terrorist attack ? 
  are you referring to when shias stormed mecca in 1987 ? 
  the rise of sunni islamism started in the 70 's with saudi based/funded preachers not some terrorist attack . 
  its the same for almost every foreign nationality in western european countries . 
  why did n't that become a thing ? 
  i 've heard much more . 
  [ this article ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20151021040040/http://www.greenpointpl.com/ukrainski-swiat-w-polsce-mieszka-400-tys-ukraincow/ ) says around half a million . 
  it says ~ 67 % are against africa/me immigration but around ~ 40 % are against ukrainian immigration . 
  so most are against african/me immigration but not against ukrainian immigration . 
  i never said there was a contradiction . 
  two-thirds said that poland should n't accept refugees from the middle east and africa . 
  the ones that accept refugees mostly just accept refugees from ukraine . 
  seems like this is a touchy subject for you or something since you 've downvoted every one of my posts . 
  if upper german is a set of dialects , then germans from germany should be able to understand swiss german but they ca n't . 
  upper german is not a single language . 
  ethnologue and all linguists consider it a separate language . 
  you can ask bavarians yourself or watch the video i linked to see how stark the difference is . 
  no , bavarian is a very distinct language and not mutually intelligible with german for the most part . 
  allemanic ( `` swiss german '' ) is not mutually intelligible with standard german so swiss germans have to switch to standard german when speaking with germany germans since germany germans do n't understand allemanic . 
  the saying that `` language is just a dialect with an army & navy '' is not meant to be taken literally . 
  its just a joke saying that the only way a language is officially recognized is when it has government ( `` army & navy '' ) influence .
