  they had a war with / r/uk ? 
  where did you hear that ? 
  they 've had it for longer than anyone else in the region . 
  the first people to settle there were serbs in the 6th century . 
  the argument was n't `` which migrants do you prefer '' . 
  the guy was singling out muslims as some unique immigrant problem to the west even though you always hear complaints about christian immigrants . 
  even though muslims may be the worst batch of immigrants , that does n't mean there are n't a lot of issues with christian immigrants . 
  the romas & blacks ( who are mostly christian ) are frequently brought up as a problem . 
  a significant portion of brexit voters voted to leave the eu to stop eastern european immigration . 
  so yes , although christian immigrants are overall preferable , its not a case of simply : muslim = bad , christian = good , because there are a lot of complaints against christian migrants . 
  it was the other user that brought up christians . 
  the initial argument was that non-muslim immigrants are n't bad and muslims immigrants are , to which another user responded by saying that christians ca n't be bad simply because they do n't do specific crimes . 
  so i simply pointed out some christians that can be bad or at least are commonly seen in a very negative light ( even if they are n't as bad as muslims ) . 
  scotland is n't an independent country though . 
  the uk would need to surrender for that , not scotland . 
  the result of round 1 a few days ago was inconclusive , so a round 2 needed to be held . 
  i was n't talking about beheadings or bombing train stations . 
  this is what the other guy said originally :  i do n't mind that , as long as it 's more constructive than rather broader definition of bad migrant = muslim and good migrant = non muslim or something of the sort . 
  i was simply talking about some christians being seen as bad migrants . 
  the beheadings and bombs were a straw man made by another user , not the original argument . 
   romanian roma ? 
  commonly form criminal gangs and do really nasty stuff . 
  so there you go proving my point , christian immigrants can have a negative influence as well . 
  they 're probably not neo-nazis , but to resort to doing that just to get under someone 's skin does at least make you racist to a significant degree . 
  most us citizens do n't even know serbia exists . 
  the government does n't represent the population . 
  the way the voting is set up is flawed too . 
  the system makes sure that either a republican or democrat will get elected . 
  so if you support the green party , then voting for them is unrealistic . 
  i would not call the us a full democracy until parties other than the big two can compete . 
  straw man . 
  people complain about christian immigrants all the time , but when they talk about them then they are referred to as mexican/black/gypsy / etc. 
  rather than their religion . 
  fixed . 
  i do n't think it does , but according to the same stats that say that sweden has a higher rape than moldova , ukraine , albania , etc. 
  ; those same stats will have sweden above third world countries as well due to how poorly the rapes are recorded there and how differently rape is recorded in sweden . 
  rape capital of europe only ? 
  not the whole world ? 
  do you have a source on them being yugoslavians ? 
  at least the people from the us are much more social and make much better food . 
  you 're acting like religious reasons are the * only * reason muslims will ever riot which is bs . 
  these are rural areas in the asian & caucasian part of the ~ ~ soviet union ~ ~ russian empire . 
  how do you know how much these rural regions changed in the past 100 years ? 
  i 'd bet there are still many places like that in rural parts of ex-soviet asia and the caucasus today . 
  how should we change the economic setup so that this is no longer a worry ? 
  what about usa ? 
   the world is overpopulated . 
  europe is n't . 
  in fact , declining birth rates are a big worry in europe . 
  slovenia is culturally more central european but is sometimes grouped with the balkans cause they speak south slavic and cause they were part of yugoslavia . 
  most of slovenia is geographically part of the balkans too like you said . 
  greece is culturally a balkan ( southeast euro ) country but since the cold war era , its been more associated with southwest europe ( iberia-italy ) . 
  there was an east-west division in the southern half of europe dating to before byzantium . 
  the west consisted of iberia , italy , and sometimes even parts of france . 
  the east was albania , greece , serbia , bulgaria , etc. 
  this division existed after byzantium ( eastern rome ) got destroyed and continued into the ottoman era . 
  then when the cold war occurred , greece started to be more associated with the west simply due to not being communist . 
  before that , it was always considered se europe . 
  the balkans is seen as the most backwards part of europe , so many want to distance themselves from it but greek history , food , etc. 
  is closer to bulgaria , albania , & serbia than to italy & iberia . 
  actually croatia is the best in the balkans . 
  whatever it is , trying to shoehorn islam into literally every single bad thing involving muslims is dumb and wrong . 
  why did tito want to keep kosovo albanian ? 
   yeah it 's not related to islam when they have riots in malmo about wanting to kill jews , because the non-muslim swedes agree with them on that and think israel should be destroyed too . 
  til its impossible for muslims to riot about anything that is n't centered around islam . 
  iran has been doing all that stuff in neighboring countries that it wants to influence , not in eastern europe . 
  most romanians have 0 idea that iran has done any of the stuff you listed , so it does n't make sense for them to choose iran even if what you said is true . 
  its just not something on their minds whereas russia is on their minds and they view russia as a country much more likely to threaten romania ( and eastern europe in general ) than iran , especially after what russia did in ukraine and its close ties with moldova and the whole transnistria issue . 
  as another romanian user here said , most romanians ca n't even tell the difference between iran and iraq , so how is the average romanian supposed to know about about all the shady stuff iran does ? 
  russia is going to be on their minds much more . 
  iran has horrible laws , but i think what / u/verylateish is saying is that from a romanian pov , they are n't a threat to world peace . 
  somalia also has backward laws , but do you think that they 're a threat to world peace ? 
  same with iran and romania . 
  iran is n't threatening romania so they do n't view them as big a threat as say israel might . 
  israel is on there . 
  syria is not even close to being a threat to * world * peace though . 
  they would likely still be the same . 
  the us is also a stable country , seeing someone as a threat does not mean that they must be unstable . 
  even after the soviet war ended in afghanistan , pakistan continued to support the taliban and try to keep them in power . 
  not part of serbia proper but they were inhabited by ethnic serbs and many serbs were very upset when those lands and serbia became separate countries . 
  i heard before slovakia joined the eu , there was a lot of noise regarding hungarians . 
  how did that get settled after you joined the eu ? 
  the new world is an exception . 
  which parts are those ? 
  which treaty is that ? 
  how come serbia did n't flood kosovo with serb migrants during the time it controlled kosovo like it did with voyvodina ? 
   i think overall serbia should n't be compared to turkey or russia . 
  why not turkey ? 
  turkey is n't invading any countries either . 
  russia is in its own category . 
  hungarians in the south . 
  revenge for what ? 
  albanians from albania are non-religious , but i 've heard that the albanians from fyrom and kosovo are kinda religious ( not super religious ofc ) . 
  southern states do n't want to leave the us . 
  according to polls , 68 % of albanians favor a merger while 75 % of kosovars do . 
  a lot of serbia 's historical legacy/heritage is based in kosovo , so to serbs , losing kosovo would be like losing a part of their history/identity . 
  it also hurts serbia 's territorial integrity . 
  they recently lost ethnic serb regions in bosnia and montenegro , and they did n't heal from that pain before losing kosovo . 
  why did n't albania try to annex kosovo rather than let it function as its independent country ? 
  afterall , 75 % of kosovars want to join albania .
