  yes , almost . 
  and do you know why ? 
  to distinguish from the people living in north azerbaijan cause they did n't consider people from north of the aras river to be the same as them . 
  the land south of the aras river is a continuity of atropatene and has had that name for over 2,000 years . 
  in contrast to the republic of azerbaijan that has only had that name for only a mere 100 years . 
  okay , then i guess this does n't apply to you specifically since your family is tabriz . 
  i was talking about north azerbaijan ( roa ) . 
  roa was called albania before the 20th century . 
  can you show me a single map that refers to the modern day roa as azerbaijan from before the year 1900 ? 
  i can find maps that refer to it as albania/shirvan but not as azerbaijan . 
  all oghuz languages ( except turkmen ) are part of a single dialect continuum . 
  the only difference is that the oghuz speakers of anatolia are sunni ( mostly ) whereas the ones in in roa and iran are shia ( mostly ) . 
  the udi language spoken in roa is proof of roa 's albanian/lezgic heritage . 
   historically speaking , the territory in the caucasus that lies to the north of the aras river , was never called azerbaijan until the year 1918 . 
  giving it this name created difficulties in the first half of the 20th century and in the succeeding years , and these can not be ignored . 
  history , as well as the works of ancient geographers and islamic writers bear witness to the fact that the land to the north of the aras river , which is now known as azerbaijan , was known before as albania ( alban ) . 
  classical writers , such as strabon and others , called this region albania , armenian , or alvanak ( aghvanak ) , while iranians called it aran . 
  aliyov , a historian in the former soviet azerbaijan , in his article `` sources relating the ancient history of caucasus 's albania '' , wrote that in the parthian era , the eastern part of the caucasus was called `` ardan '' . 
  greek materials referred to this place as `` albania '' . 
  barthold , the famous soviet scholar , believed that in the islamic era and , according to arabic sources , this name has taken the forms of `` al-ran '' or `` aran '' , which probably is a transformation of the ancient parthian name `` ardan '' . 
  [ source ] ( http://kavehfarrokh.com/persianate-civilizations/azarbaijan-arran-modern-republic-of-azarbaijan/professor-enayatollah-reza-arran-the-real-name-of-the-republic-of-azarbaijan/ ), 
  you northerners only started calling yourselves azerbaijani in 1918 to try to lay claim on the azerbaijan region of iran . 
  anatolian-turks also speak the same language . 
  so colonizing ireland and large swathes of asia , africa , and america had nothing to do with british nationalism i suppose ? 
  why would an independent england have nazi style nationalism suddenly when so many other independent countries like sweden and the netherlands do n't ? 
  how is england any different to sweden or the netherlands ? 
  i disagree . 
  we 're all part of the anglosphere and the anglosphere is a region of its own . 
  we could go over to the british isles and communicate in the same language with them . 
  we also have a much closer history with the british isles and are more aware of what 's happening there than in say poland or italy . 
  why ? 
  no prob . 
  btw , i forgot to add that azerbaijan was named after a median ruler named athurpat ( his name is * atropates * in greek ) and the kingdom 's name was athurpatakan ( * media atropatene * in greek ) . 
  if you look up atropatene , then it will show that the kingdom roughly corresponds to the territory of modern day iranian azberbaijan . 
  also , this means the talysh language is basically a direct descendant of the ancient median language . 
  because they both refer to their ethnicity by the same name ( azerbaijani ) . 
  i personally do n't consider them both the same ethnicity though , and i have met some iranian azeris that have the same views as me cause they know about the name change ( although they probably represent a small minority of iranian-azeris since most are unaware of the name change but just saying that i have met some iranian-azeris like that ) . 
  he said that cause he did n't want them to leave iran . 
  albania 's name was changed to azerbaijan only in the early 20th century by the pan-turkist party musavat . 
  can you show me a single map from before the year 1900 that refers to north azerbaijan as azerbaijan ? 
  it was called albania/shirvan then . 
  the pre-turkic language of roa ( republic of azerbaijan ) was c. albanian/lezgic and the udi language spoken in central roa is a modern day remnant of it . 
  albania was its name for centuries and all old maps refer to it as that . 
  iranic azerbaijani was not spoken there ( except in the modern talysh lands in the extreme south of roa ) . 
  it was called arran in persian . 
  [ here ] ( http://kavehfarrokh.com/persianate-civilizations/azarbaijan-arran-modern-republic-of-azarbaijan/professor-enayatollah-reza-arran-the-real-name-of-the-republic-of-azarbaijan/ ) is a comprehensive and well-sourced page that talks about the name change in great detail . 
  south azeris are turkified iranians whereas north azeris are turkified albanians . 
  i agree with you on western iraqis . 
  i am educated on it . 
  north azeris are n't part of it . 
  they are a turkified people descended from caucasian albanians and artificially changed their name to azerbaijan only in the 19th century to lay claim to the real azerbaijan which is in iran . 
  iranian azeris are part of the iranian family but the ones from the north are not . 
  armenia and georgia were also part of iran . 
  are they also iranian ? 
  that only applies to iranian azeris . 
  north azerbaijan has always been part of the caucasus . 
  they are n't from the iranian family . 
   i 'd argue armenia , georgia , and azerbaijan are all european geographically none of them are part of europe geographically . 
  georgia and azerbaijan have a tiny portion of their country in europe though . 
   culturally , i ca n't say much , other than azerbaijani seems closest to iranian culture , armenian seems closest to greek culture , and georgian seems a lot like its own thing . 
  armens and georgians are most similar to west asian christians ( since that 's what they are ) and anatolian turks . 
  the genetically closest people to armens are assyrians . 
  armenia historically was much closer to iran than to greece . 
  the armen language is flooded with parthian loanwords . 
  azerbaijan is definitely closer to the caucasus than iran . 
  georgia is also part of the caucasus . 
  and all caucasian countries are closer to west asia than to europe . 
  of course there is . 
  aristotle himself wrote about it and participated in it . 
  look up the band of thebes . 
  btw , pederasty was n't only a greek thing but was common in * many * different cultures . 
  non-pedo gay men only became a thing in the late 19th/20th century . 
  before then , gay and pedo were synonymous . 
  why is that ? 
  they probably recognize the danish claim on south schleswig . 
  because he said the same thing about slovakia and romania , and afaik serbia is viewed in a similar ( maybe slightly better ) light as those two countries . 
  hitler 's response to the jews was based on their influence in politics/banking whereas the ottoman response to armenians was based on them helping the allied powers in a world war . 
  one is in response to a minority group helping foreigners physically attack your country in a major war whereas the other is feeling threatened that a minority group has too much influence in your country . 
  neither justify a genocide , but they are pretty different reasons . 
  his handling of the refugee crisis . 
  i 'm not a right-winger but i think i can speak on behalf of them for that since i 've never heard of a right-winger that did n't praise him for that . 
  what are his other wrongdoings ? 
  i also consider it a genocide but the people here seem to think that turks are in the same boat as holocaust deniers when they deny the genocide . 
  turks only deny it because they disagree on the definition of genocide ( and dispute some numbers and possibly the intent as well ) but they do n't try to pretend that the whole event/massacres never even occurred in the first place unlike holocaust deniers . 
  the link you gave proves my point about the wrong opinion that people have of what turks think . 
  the term ` lesbian ' does come from lesbos because sappho was from lesbos and wrote about women , but sappho was definitely not a lesbian ( and likely not even a bisexual ) woman . 
  she just wrote about women in love poems . 
  she never had sexual relations with women or anything like that . 
  in her time , she was just considered another heterosexual woman and there were n't even comments made upon her sexuality until much later . 
  a `` gay island '' as a concept does n't even make sense anyway , especially when you consider that homosexuality ( meaning ** exclusive ** sexual relations with the same sex ) never existed among the ancient greeks ( or anyone ) and the only acts of gay sex from that time were between adult men and young little boys . 
  turks do n't deny that a massive amount of armenians were killed ( and deported ) by the ottomans . 
  they just do n't think the term genocide is appropriate to refer to what happened because they say that the actions were done in response to armenians behaving like 5th column citizens by helping france and russia against the ottomans in ww1 . 
  so it would be like if abkhaz and ossete people helped russia in a war against georgia and then georgia tried to deport/kill all abkhaz and ossete people . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  he was from britain . 
  how do they spell it ? 
   before any ~ ~ macedonians ~ ~ * bulgarians * ^ ? 
  lmao . 
  i thought it would be more like `` catholic brothers '' or something , idk . 
  the historic geographic region of macedonia did n't include fyrom ( except for pelagonia ) .
