  also , why did n't the soviets give kaliningrad to lithuania like how they gave a lot of eastern germany to poland ? 
  was it all of karaliau\u010dius or just the western part ? 
  in the link you gave , it only shows the western part . 
  i 've heard before that all of belarus used to be lithuanian-speaking . 
  was that false ? 
  both are used , but `` learnt '' is far more common . 
  i have yet to hear `` turnt '' . 
  its illegal in spain 's constitution to separate . 
  if catalonia wants to separate , then they will have to use violence , which will not end good for them since they have no real army . 
  why does n't croatia just become more friendly with them like bosnia has ? 
  how similar is romania to central europe ( especially hungary ) ? 
  cause its pronounced turned , not `` turnt '' . 
  the < ed  in * learned * is actually pronounced like a / t / whereas the < ed  in * turned * is n't . 
  i 've heard there 's a large degree of mutual intelligibility between maltese and tunisian . 
  there 's a user here in the comments that says libyans can understand maltese . 
  arabic is n't exactly one language , moroccans and iraqis ca n't understand each other unless they live in each other 's countries for a while . 
  the squatting stereotype is mainly just an east slavic thing that is based off of russian gopniks . 
  poles , serbs , etc. 
  do n't do it . 
  kurds are a subgroup of iranians/iranics . 
  the most spoken kurdish language is kurmanji . 
  kurds are more religious than turks but less religious than arabs . 
  the pkk is to turkey what the ira is to the uk and what the eta is to spain . 
  yes , peshmerga is the iraqi kurdish armed force . 
  the syrians have ypg . 
  according to that list , they are the third biggest , but its not exactly true . 
  if tamils are an ethnicity , then so are marathis , punjabis , and other ethnic groups in india that do n't have their own country . 
  hausas do n't either have their own country . 
  english only transliterates a few germanic names that they have in their own language . 
  and those transliterated names were transliterated because of trade and historic ties with those cities rather than randomly looking at a map and trying to transliterate * almost everything * . 
  also , the examples you gave are of big and famous cities . 
  if english was like you say , then we would be saying terms like sealand over zeeland . 
  the name cologne is the french version . 
  english had an inferiority complex towards latin and french so they tried to adopt the french and latin names of as many places as they could . 
  i was n't talking about the everyday european , but the europeans that are aware of their existence . 
  the europeans that are aware of them heavily romanticize them . 
  wallach/vlach just means foreigner . 
  they are not all related people . 
  the romance speakers in the balkans are native romanized people . 
  the ones in romania are also native romanized people . 
  they share the same name ( wallach/vlach ) because that is the name foreigners gave them for speaking similar languages . 
  one is n't necessarily descended from the other . 
  i do n't get why romanians would n't be of dacian origin . 
  the romans definitely did kill a lot of dacians ( like they also killed many gaulish folk ) , but it was n't some native american-style genocide . 
   but i assume an everyday european would just think of a arabic-turkish kind of something that lives in middleeast . 
  actually , europeans seem to think that kurds are some feminist-atheist-secularist warriors completely unique to their backwards jihadi neighbors . 
  the ones that know kurds exist seem to have that view if you read the comments on any news site or even reddit . 
  how is erdogan a huge dick to them ? 
  he helped the status of their language grow . 
  he won the kurdish vote in the previous election . 
  i remember reading a blog by an oirat ( kalmyk ) woman from kalmykia , russia . 
  she said that the oirat language is in a dire state in china , mongolia , and russia . 
  its doing best in china and worse in russia . 
  this is despite the fact that oirats have their own `` republic '' in russia compared to china and mongolia where they have nothing . 
   tatarstan has its own president and constitution . 
  they have that against russia 's will . 
  they also have embassies in other countries like turkey , belarus , malaysia , etc. 
  and trade independently with them . 
  this really pisses off kremlin . 
  i read the article , seems my assumptions were largely right . 
  slovak was originally used as a name for generic slav before it got confined to the modern slovaks and they developed a separate identity from the czechs in the 10th-13th century as a result political separation . 
  unfortunately it does n't mention any tribes that the slovaks are descended from so i 'll just assume they 're of czech descent until further info . 
  the czech wikipedia is n't more detailed on the issue ? 
  why is it * fucorc * and * s\u00e7\u00f3tsl\u00edd * rather than * fukork * and * sk\u00f3tsl\u00edd * ? 
  they also say those terms in northern england . 
  are n't slovaks descended from czech tribes ? 
  if not , then do you know the name of the slavic tribe ( s ) they 're descended from ? 
  slovak/sloven just means generic slav , its not an actual tribal name like czech is . 
  do czechs see slovaks as ethnic czechs that forgot their identity ? 
  what status do republics have in russia ? 
  they are the same as oblasts in everything but name ? 
  in france , most local languages are declared dialects of french . 
  ca n't be taught and are on the verge of extinction . 
  why are n't languages like asturian and aragonese taught ? 
  interesting , til . 
  berwick was the only city he permanently took from scotland ? 
  i 'm not exactly saying you 're wrong , but are you sure that edward i slaughtered the entire population of berwick and filled it with the english rather than the people of berwick simply changed their allegiance to england ? 
  cause the concept of nation states/reified ethnicity did n't exactly exist back then and the scottish lowlands were considered english ( northumbrian ) before scotland conquered them under malcolm i in the 10th century . 
  my bad , i misread . 
  slovene is a distinct language from serbo-croatian . 
   also you know , that fucking castle in france which one ? 
  what about the french-speaking parts of belgium and switzerland ? 
  what about lands in europe ? 
  are there any places i left out for poland ? 
  i thought there might be more but those were the only two i knew . 
  what about portugal and neighboring parts of france ? 
  i knew there was the original one in munich and the others are cheap knock-offs but i thought that people from other parts of bavaria and austria migrate to munich to celebrate because of its cultural significance to them . 
  i did n't know the history of oktoberfest , especially that it was barely two centuries old . 
   their dialect group of german ( alemannic ) only has very few speakers in germany its the native dialect/language of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  they do n't speak it there anymore ? 
  the native language of north germans and austrians is different but they almost all speak standard high german nowadays so the linguistic difference is n't really too relevant anymore . 
  if you met a czech and north german while abroad in usa or england , then who would you feel more of a connection to ? 
  someone can correct me if i 'm wrong , but austria is basically the same as bavaria ( altbayern ) , which has some cultural differences with other parts of germany ( especially north germany ) . 
  austria and bavaria have the lederhosen , dirndl , schuhplattler , ~ ~ oktoberfest , ~ ~ same language ( bairisch ) , and different history from north germany ( e.g. 
  hanseatic league , prussia , etc. 
   white africans are a minority in south africa ? 
  yes . 
  even if they were n't , it would n't make a difference . 
   are n't north arab africans white in america ? 
  who cares about america 's definition of race ?
