  for example , the tibetan spoken in china can be split into three languages - \u00dc-taang , amdo , and kham . 
  but the chinese government see them all as varieties of tibetan and does n't distinguish them irrespective of the fact that in reality they are different languages . 
  so the joke `` a language is a dialect with an army & mavy '' is playing on the fact that obviously distinct languages do n't get official recognition simply because the speakers of those languages do n't have a government ( `` army & navy '' ) promoting it . 
  i do n't consider dutch a dialect of german or anything . 
  i was just saying how messy the qualification of a language is . 
  in the modern world , unless you have a government actively promoting the language or if it belongs in a different language family , then it is considered a dialect , which is dumb but that 's the way it is . 
  for example , bavarian is considered a dialect of german even though its a separate language like dutch . 
  but because there 's no government ( `` army and navy '' ) promoting bavarian , it is seen as a dialect . 
  dutch is considered a dialect of german in the part that dutch is natively spoken in germany . 
  meuse-rhenish is a dialect of dutch ( descended from old frankish ) but considered a dialect of german and its speakers are considered ethnic germans . 
  same with frisians in germany . 
  dutch is considered a dialect of german in the part that dutch is natively spoken in germany . 
  meuse-rhenish is a dialect of dutch ( descended from old frankish ) but considered a dialect of german and its speakers are considered ethnic germans . 
  same with frisians in germany . 
  i personally do n't agree that a language is a dialect with a navy and army , i thought it was just a funny quote . 
  to be separate languages . 
  why is spain the holy land ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  how did they screw everything up ? 
  estonia can into nordic !, 
  why does n't montenegro want to become part of serbia ? 
  i already said that . 
  the outcome was the same although one was done peacefully & accepted whereas the other was n't accepted & not done peacefully . 
  they had the same aspirations . 
  its ukraine 's fault for denying them a referendum , they have a right to fight their ideals . 
  okay fine , replace scotland with quebec and uk with canada then . 
  crimea is ethnic russian majority and the people there want to be part of russia . 
  i never said russia has the right to snatch whatever they want on historical grounds , but the people have ( or should have ) the right to leave ukraine and join russia . 
  the overwhelming majority of the us was never part of the uk . 
  hypothetically if scotland votes for independence , then that is one part changing borders for the entire country . 
  sure that border is being changed in a calm and peaceful way unlike in crimea but the same thing is essentially happening . 
  ukraine wo n't allow a separatist referendum in crimea so this is their only option . 
  turks in germany are descendents of economic immigrants with no historical basis . 
  they would never claim a part of germany . 
  the concept is n't even seen as plausible by the turkish community in germany . 
  what makes you say the chinese are too chicken ? 
  chechnya did n't recognize russian authority and even gained independence for a short while . 
  but russia kept attacking them and even had them globally isolated since they would n't accept chechnya 's independence . 
  just curious , why is it offensive ? 
  so you 're saying that borders should remain static until the end of time ? 
  if the people of crimea want to be part of russia , then its their right to try to achieve that goal . 
  yes , but a collectivist perspective is also important and something many people care about . 
  what 's wrong with looking at it from a country 's perspective ? 
  do countries not have perspectives ? 
  this was just the title i used cause i saw it like that on wikipedia . 
  it also sounds much shorter than * `` distribution of serbs and montenegrins in yugoslavia ( excluding slovenia and macedonia ) in 1981 '' * . 
  its not very misleading because the map is still of yugoslavia and including slovenia and macedonia in the map would make little to no difference . 
  serbs and montenegrins were n't a majority in any parts of macedonia or slovenia so they were n't included . 
  romania never had a muslim pm before and a lot of people opposed her because of her religion , so it would have been significant if a muslim had become a pm . 
  what 's up with albania ? 
  how come you have a star next to your name ? 
  sweden is safer than finland and most of eastern europe . 
  according to reddit , it should be the opposite . 
  what 's up with albania and montenegro ? 
  most of the money spent on third world countries gets wasted by corrupt officials . 
  i think you mean uninhibited . 
  there is nothing concerning over europe being inhibited :p, 
  it would be like if the us borrowed a ton of money from china and then stopped borrowing for two generations . 
  then two generations later , when china asks the us to pay back the debt , then the us would reply `` oh but our ancestors borrowed the money , not us so we 're not responsible for it '' . 
   scots originally came from ulster in the first place . 
  no they did n't . 
  the gaels never colonized the scottish lowlands . 
  scottish lowlanders are a mix of native brythonic and anglo-saxon . 
  did n't the serb identity exist before the slav migration to the balkans ? 
  the sorbs of lusatia are said to be the cousins of the serbs in the balkans . 
  the sorbs are proof that the serbs kept the name of the slavic tribe they originated from . 
  if the serb identity originated in the balkans , then the sorbs of central europe would n't have the same name as them . 
  the place in central europe that serbs came from is referred to as `` white serbia '' . 
  when did serbs first arrive there ? 
  who came to vojvodina first , serbs or hungarians ? 
  hitler decides to invade russia in winter yet would n't invade switzerland . 
  the only other country that borders them is austria and switzerland has more in common with germany than austria . 
  southwest germany ( bw , bavarian swabia ) is allemanic like german switzerland , whereas all of austria except vorarlberg is bavarian . 
  switzerland only rejected because of opposition from the french and italians in switzerland who were against more german influence in the country . 
  austria also was n't too keen on giving up vorarlberg . 
  it can also be divided into ingvaeonic and istvaeonic . 
  istvaeonic = the rest of the country . 
  -- it can also be divided into flevoland ( land brought up from underwater ) and the rest of the country ( land that never sunk ) . 
  -- also , protestant and catholic . 
  i agree . 
  there 's no proof that homosexuality is genetic . 
  historically speaking , we do n't know of any exclusively gay figures . 
  i doubt any sort of `` conversion therapy '' has multiple women forcing themselves on guys tied to a table or whatever . 
  its probably just some counseling , which very few people will seek to begin with . 
  trump himself said that he 's okay with gay marriage though . 
  not justifying it , but the reason is because they always deal with a lot of backlash when a terrorist attack occurs and the conspiracy theories make their people look more innocent . 
  there is no music in saudi arabia ? 
  will there be new elections ? 
  who will replace him ? 
  why did hofer soften up on the refugee situation ? 
  what are some of their policy positions ? 
  i know about him , but i thought there was a chance he might have been one of the exceptions though because charnego is considered a derogatory term . 
  people are scared for their families because a lot of racists have been emboldened . 
  a few are also worried about being deported . 
  the hitler comparisons are to view him more unfavorably since there are a few similarities . 
  comparing him to hitler does n't mean they think he is literally hitler but doing so is bad for his image . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpezqau65ro ) is a video of a trump supporter being racist to black people since you said you have n't seen it . 
  there was also a video of a trump supporter yelling beaner constantly out the window but i ca n't find right now . 
  are people from other parts of western europe considered danes ? 
  what about poles ?
