why not refer to them as pakistani instead of muslim ? 
  was their crime religiously motivated or something ? 
  there 's no way that 's true . 
  every single country in the middle east is in asia . 
  the original definition of asia was actually just limited to the middle east . 
  muslim albanians seem to get along with christian albanians , and there are more muslims than christians in that country . 
  also , there are more muslims per capita in bulgaria than in scandinavia or england , but bulgaria has far far less trouble with them . 
  i think the problem to a larger extent is cultural differences and the political environment . 
  you 're right that two is enough but he probably thought that it would be better to have more people provide for the family when he gets old . 
  in 3rd world countries , they have a different mindset to people in 1st world countries ( where kids are often seen as a liability ) regarding this . 
  what will the wife be able to do when the husband is n't around ? 
  they could have waited a few years i guess to settle down first , but they thought that the sooner the better since the child would grow up earlier then . 
  so his kids could help out the family when he gets old . 
  a military invasion actually has been hinted at by some politicians ( concretely by the minister of defence , saying something like * '' [ ... ] , if anyone fulfills its role there wo n't be any kind of [ military ] action '' * ) but the deputy prime minister denied it two or three days ago ( * `` there is n't any view , any forethought or any intention [ of doing a military intervention ] '' * ) . 
  they are , however , preparing to fine and nullify the catalan government if necessary , with the help of some new laws and some points of the constitution . 
  the main reason i am highly skeptical of an invasion though is because i do n't see how the eu will allow it . 
  it was n't sarcastic but it is n't meant to be taken too literally . 
  after ( if ) catalonia separates , spain will try to get the international community to take action against catalonia but i do n't think that will matter in the long run . 
  separating is the the hard part , the rest is n't as big an issue . 
  the eu probably would n't take a liking to spain 's military inside catalonia , so spain ca n't really stop them from separating if they vote ` yes ' . 
  refugees 3 . 
  spain/catalonia 5 . 
  greek debt those are it , right ? 
  -- edit : forgot about the greek one . 
  really if catalonia has a successful referendum and decides to split , then spain can do nothing but watch . 
  its not like they can send in their army or anything to stop catalonia from splitting off . 
  anyways , what is the official date for the referendum ? 
  cause austria 's official language is german . 
  if it matters , in austria , they speak bairisch ( bavarian ) as well and its [ fiare ] ( http://www.languagesandnumbers.com/how-to-count-in-bavarian/en/bar/ ) in that language/dialect . 
  its [ vier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/low_alemannic_german#numbers ) in swiss german aka allemanic . 
  / rekt, 
  i 'm just curious , what 's the full list of subs you consider far-right ? 
  i actually like those types of users as they take your every point into consideration . 
  if the person arguing is n't completely clueless and arguing just for the sake of arguing , then it makes into an interesting factual discussion . 
   as bad as the daily mail are in terms of sensationalism - have they ever intentionally published news that is known to be objectively false ? 
  yes , the daily mail is written by dogs . 
  some articles : [ was 19th century apewoman a yeti ? 
  6ft 6in russian serf who could outrun a horse was ` not human ' , according to dna tests ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3025466/was-19th-century-siberian-apewoman-yeti-6ft-6in-russian-serf-outrun-horse-not-human-according-dna-tests.html ) [ christian sentenced by iranian judge to have his lips burnt with a cigarette for eating during ramadan ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2702774/christian-sentenced-iranian-judge-lips-burnt-cigarette-eating-ramadan.html ) [ 150 human animal hybrids grown in uk labs : embryos have been produced secretively for the past three years ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2017818/embryos-involving-genes-animals-mixed-humans-produced-secretively-past-years.html ) these are just off the top of my head and i have n't known about the dm for more than a year or ever read it . 
  they 're actually very notorious for this , unlike say , the bbc or the telegraph . 
  the bbc is a bit biased like nearly all news sources , but they do n't create stories out of thin air . 
  i support posting from right-wing sites , but the daily mail is a joke . 
  oh right , i forgot learning hindi is n't mandatory so english became the lingua franca there , makes sense . 
  that 's really interesting , i 've never heard of an indian who 's first language was english . 
  do your parents speak english at home with you ? 
  which part of india are you from ? 
  ussr = soviet union ( russia ) , usa is the best at basketball . 
  why is them winning so dangerous ? 
  if they win , will they do anything other than ban immigration from the 3rd world ? 
  they finished 3rd in the 2012 olympic games and are ranked 6th in the fiba rankings . 
  i did n't expect russia to win the whole eurobasket , but 17th is astonishingly low . 
  they 're ranked 6th in the fiba rankings , were their best players injured or something ? 
  tbh , i thought that most of the nazi accusations were grossly exaggerated and they were just an anti-immigration party . 
  i just looked up the standings . 
  how the hell did russia end up in 17th ?? 
  are n't they supposed to be one of the best teams in europe ? 
  europe is kind of an artificial entity that is based on geography . 
  greeks and bosnians are both culturally closer to turkey than russia but they lie entirely on the continent of europe . 
  it goes like this : 1 . 
  are they on the continent of europe ? 
  are they culturally closer to europe than asia ? 
  bosnia and greece both meet that criteria , so they 're european . 
  even though russia is n't almost entirely on the continent of europe , the ethnic russians in asian russia are only immigrants whose culture and identity developed in european russia . 
  oh , i feel stupid now lol -_-, 
  the russians ' cultural identity stands in line with that of poles and other eastern europeans , definitely not asians . 
  i brought up culture , not race . 
  turks are not culturally european . 
  yeah , but they 're considered 100 % european now . 
  if russians are n't european by your logic , then neither are poles or slovaks . 
  russians are slavs and native to europe , the asian part of russia is colonized non-russian land . 
  yeah , they did n't get a measly 2 % or anything , but i thought they would have gotten at least 20 % based on what i read about them online . 
   ( if it were n't for them catalan would have dissapeared from the schools a long time ago , for example ) . 
  was n't valencia an ethnic catalan region that ended up mostly speaking spanish because they did n't have catalan nationalist parties ? 
  reading reddit and youtube , you 'd think that the golden dawn is some big party in greece with a realistic chance of winning , but they were completely stomped . 
  sorry , but i do n't know anything about how turkish ( or swedish ) words are pronounced :p, 
  pretty much what / u/tutush said . 
  most people with a speck of knowledge in that region would tell you that greece is culturally closer to the pre-isis levant , turkey , and armenia than it is to germany . 
  how do you pronounce the estonian < \u00f5  ? 
  * liberal and conservative, 
  so they sound like pretty much 90 % of reddit then . 
  obviously the russians know there is racism in russia but they are saying this because they do n't want their chances of hosting the wc to slip out of their hands . 
  i have faith that the fifa wc will go through smoothly , especially considering this certainly is n't the first time that russia is hosting a major world event ( see 1980 summer olympics and 2014 winter olympics ) and russia will likely be heavily involved in curbing racism at such a major event . 
  i 'm not doubting you , but do you have a source for that claim ? 
  i meant one off in the sense that they were `` hidden '' by the police , not in the sense of pakistani rape gangs existing . 
  were rapes in those other areas also `` hidden '' by the police ? 
  if so , i was not aware . 
  i know about that famous case . 
  let me break it down : 1 \\ . 
  there is no proof that the british police covered it up on purpose . 
  there 's a good chance they lied they covered up the scandal in fear of racism allegations to cover up their incompetency . 
  this is a one-off case . ~ ~ 3 \\ . 
  there 's a chance they racially profile suspects like they do in the us and are arresting more non-whites than eastern euros . 
  the numbers posted above show there is quite a considerable gap between some `` brown '' and some `` white '' ethnic groups so they would have to be covering up * a lot * of cases for the stats to be misleading ( assuming they are correct ) . 
  if these numbers are accurate , then i do n't doubt them . 
  of course it still shows that immigration is not a good thing because regardless of race they are all still immigrants , but it also shows that the media is pushing a narrative ( in the uk at least , the netherlands is mostly like what people online say ) . 
  a lot of people are gon na argue that brits are too scared to prosecute non-whites which is why some groups are n't higher . 
  i personally do n't buy into that though , this chart really shows how radically different reality is from what the media says . 
  but it certainly is interesting and i 'd be curious for the source on it . 
  middle english is actually an extremely polluted language just not on the same scale modern english is . 
  modern english is about 25-30 % germanic , middle english is about 60 % germanic or so , and old english ( anglo-saxon ) is 99 % germanic . 
  interesting , thanks for the detailed explanation .
