  when you find a case of a leftist joking about a genocide ( or even a massacre ) and trying to trivialize the victims of it , then come back to me . 
  i never said that the right exclusively does mass killings or genocide , just that the right exclusively trivializes or jokes about mass killings or genocide . 
  the people that do killings are like one in a million whereas the ones that joke/trivialize about such stuff are common everyday people . 
   ** edit : ** i 'd invite everyone viewing this comment to look through this post history of the poster below me asking that i `` be fair '' and that taking offence to genocide is `` childish ''  this , is the sociopathy i refer to , and he pretends as though he is not even it . 
  it 's truly amazing how far the disconnect from self is with these kinds of people . 
  the same poster also said in another comment that it was the bosniaks ' fault for not being civilized enough and are thus at fault for providing joke material to the internet . 
  it is entirely exclusive to the right . 
  when have leftists made a joke out of a genocide ? 
  and if a leftist started such a sick joke , then they would be constantly denounced by other leftists for it not popularized or praised for it . 
  obviously you would not find this joke distasteful since its against a group you do n't sympathize with , but if there was a joke that started off with the praise of a genocide against christians ( or some other group you sympathize with ) then i doubt you would just brush it all off as childish . 
  turk is a slur for balkan muslims used sometimes by balkan christians . 
  the song makes reference both to `` turks '' ( bosniaks ) and `` ustashas '' ( croats ) . 
  even though the song was not created specifically to attack bosniaks , the anti-bosniak part of the song is what the modern meme is based off of ( remember the meme started in the 2000s not 1990s ) . 
  thats why kebab is used symonymously with muslim by some right-wingers . 
  nobody ever refers to croats as kebab . 
  the yugoslav wars are the wars of independence from yugoslavia . 
  the first balkan war was the war of independence of balkan regions from the ottoman empire . 
  in the second balkan war , bulgaria was dissatisfied with the amount of land it got so started another war and ended up losing even more land . 
  its referring to muslims in general ( mostly balkan-muslims and turks but also to muslims in general ) and the reason for that is because the genocide victims were muslims ( bosniaks ) and this meme is based off of that specific genocide . 
  holocaust jokes are a thing , but jokes regarding genocides committed against christians are not a thing . 
  also , if turkey joined , then the eu would have a border with iraq and syria . 
  remember the next time that you hear the `` remove kebab '' meme , it was started by typical right-wingers from 4chan in celebration of this genocide , which they refer to as a `` successful removal of kebab '' . 
  the dutch are germanic , so yes they are similar . 
  you sound absolutely clueless on this . 
  the dutch used to be considered germans before the definition of german was changed to exclude them cause of political reasons . 
  the romans called all germanics ( including the dutch ) as `` german '' and their land as `` germania '' . 
  charlemagne is a salian frank ( dutch folk are of salian descent ) and spoke old dutch ( salian frankish ) and he is considered a german . 
  the example you gave about people from the south is n't really relevant since american is not an ethnicity . 
  anyone with an american citizenship is an american . 
  according to the wikipedia page of ` low german ' , it has official status in mecklenburg-vorpommern and schleswig-holstein . 
  that same page states that it was recognized as a regional language in germany and the netherlands in 1999 according to the european charter for regional or minority languages . 
  [ it was also introduced as a subject you can get a degree from in universities . 
  low saxon and frisian are definitely separate languages from shg . 
  even the german government recognizes it as such . 
  celts did reach the british isles but the impact was mostly cultural and linguistic rather than genetic . 
  the same applies to most germanics , slavs , etc. 
  as well though rather than only celts . 
  the native language of east frisians and low germans/saxons ( esp . 
  the ones in ne netherlands ) is n't either high german , their original language is actually closer to dutch than to hg . 
  i know the historical reasons for why the dutch came to be separate , but that is all political stuff and has nothing to do with ethnic origins . 
  if we just look at this from a solely ethnic perspective , then the dutch are basically just germans that avoided being part of the hre and developed a separate identity earlier . 
  they still have the same origins as other germans and can still be considered a german subgroup . 
  if its okay to call the dutch germanic then it should be okay to call them german since german is supposed to be an ethnic term and not a political term . 
  even if most saxons ( north germans ) can speak high german , its not the native language of those people . 
  by your logic , the irish are germanic and not celtic . 
  yeah , historical differences are the reason why the dutch are n't considered german . 
  but if we base our definition of german in purely ethnic terms and ignore politics , then the dutch are a german subgroup . 
  the native language of the dutch is n't high german but the same applies to north germans whose native language is low german . 
  the native language of north germany is low saxon which is closer to dutch than to high german . 
  if the german ethnicity is based on speaking high german , then saxons ( north germans ) should n't either be considered german . 
  if they 're germans , then so are the dutch . 
  do n't see why austrians should be considered german but not the dutch . 
  i 'm a bit ignorant on british politics , but is n't the main reason that the snp is doing well in scotland because labour is unelectable ( cause of corbyn ) ? 
  if labour gets a better leader , then will the snp last ? 
  if not , when/how did the snp come into power ? 
  there is a violet in the rainbow . 
   who cares ? 
  the people in shirvan are the same people , azeri . 
  they decided to name their country after our people azeris did n't have any relationship to them except for the turkic one . 
  ** oghuz turks north of the aras river did not call themselves azeris before the 20th century . 
  ** there is no proof that they did . 
   this was our historical language , spoken throughout iranian azerbaijan and shirvan , i 'm assuming they were ( even at those times ) different people ? 
  old azari was never spoken in shirvan ( except in a tiny portion of the extreme south where they speak talysh today ) . 
  they spoke lezgic in shirvan before turkification . 
  the udi language ( lezgic ) used to be spoke in shirvan before oghuz . 
  nowadays only a tiny minority living in nij speak it . 
  * the udi language , spoken by the udi people , is a member of the lezgic branch of the northeast caucasian language family . 
  [ 4 ] it is believed an earlier form of it was the main language of caucasian albania , which stretched from south dagestan to current day azerbaijan . 
  [ 5 ] the old udi language is also called the caucasian albanian language [ 6 ] and possibly corresponds to the `` gargarian '' language identified by medieval armenian historians . 
  [ 5 ] modern udi is known simply as udi . 
  * [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/udi_language ) * caucasian albanian , aka aghwan or old udi , is an extinct member of the northeast caucasian languages . 
  it was spoken in caucasian albania , which stretched from current day south dagestan to azerbaijan . 
  linguists believe it is an early linguistic predecessor to the endangered north caucasian udi language . 
  [ 3 ] * [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasian_albanian_language )  pishevari would disagree with you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azerbaijan_people%27s_government so a marxist soviet puppet separatist disagrees with me ? 
  of course he would . 
  what about all the azadistan people who considered themselves separate from oghuz turks north of the aras river ? 
   your logic would also assume that the koreans in north vs south are different as well . 
  no , its more similar to the greece-fyrom situation . 
  the macedonia region of greece is the original macedonia and the people there are macedonians . 
  however , the people from fyrom also call themselves macedonian even though the region of fyrom was never historically called macedonia and the people historically called themselves bulgarians . 
   again , what makes you an expert on my people ? 
  want me to start assuming and making up my own biases on your pashtun people ? 
  except i 'm not making up stuff . 
  i linked you to a website that goes in great detail on the whole situation . 
  * you claimed north azerbaijan spoke old azari before turkification . 
  this is not true . 
  it spoke lezgic ( i gave a link at the top ) . 
  * you claimed north azerbaijan was always historically called azerbaijan . 
  this is not true ( i gave a link to a well-cited article on kaveh farrokh 's website in my previous reply ) . 
  did you read the stuff you copy-pasted ? 
  it proves my point . 
   the only historical azerbaijan is today 's iranian azerbaijan province ( which is currently divided into west and east azerbaijan ) exactly . 
  the original azerbaijan is in iran . 
   republic of azerbaijan has historically been renown as shirvan exactly . 
  the north was called albania and shirvan historically , not azerbaijan . 
   but i do n't understand what you 're trying to get at ? 
  the only reason you guys are considered the same ethnicity is because you use the same name for the land you live in . 
  before 1918 , the people of the republic of azerbaijan never called themselves azerbaijanis . 
   the historical azerbaijan in iran was almost changed to ` azadistan ' in the 1920 's ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azadistan ) .
