  it 's also the reason why european muslims have a much much higher crime rate than north american ones . 
  i 'm not doubting you but do you have any sources on the part of how he died like that ? 
  a lot are n't that different from russians . 
  volga tatars and chuvash have significant eastern european ancestry . 
  many can fit in europe whereas others are more mongoloid . 
  because its a historical/cultural region . 
  usually country 's provinces are divided like that . 
  also , was n't it previously a georgian province ? 
  why is n't svaneti its own province in georgia ? 
  wow , i have a lot of respect for french people for caring so much about their language . 
  recently , the only pashtun province in pakistan banned pashto ( the native language of the majority of there ) themselves and no one really cares . 
  in fact , many are celebrating their mother tongue was banned because it will make their identity/ethnicity go extinct faster . 
  on the contrary , the french are making it to newspapers after removing a single letter from french onions . 
  most of the countries they pass through only allow them to pass through there and do n't allow them refuge . 
  ** edit : ** there 's only a limit that greece and turkey can take before they tell them enough . 
  same goes for central/eastern european nations . 
  also , it 'd help if someone could reply rather than dowmvote cause my views do n't fit their agenda . 
  i see them as ethnic bavarians who were more successful historically than their northern brothers . 
  the lederhosen and schuhplattler are part of traditional austrian culture i think . 
  the hallstatt is where the proto-celts originated and austria got germanized in the 9th century . 
  um no , it is flemish land . 
  the walloon migrants have no right to split it from flanders . 
  if belgium is dividing , then brussels is going to flanders . 
  i agree . 
  they are arming many different rebel factions , most rebels are islamist . 
  and the people turkey support are the same ones supported by the west . 
  i know that the rebels are also bad , i do n't support turkey arming them but they should n't be conflated with isis . 
  i thought you were referring to isis when you said `` islamist fundamentalist '' . 
  i 'm not claiming turkey has 0 involvement in the war but they are trying not to be too active in it . 
  they are giving some supplies to the rebels and have attacked their opposition on previous occasions ( ypg , isis , assad ) , but that its about it . 
  their involvement in it is much less than that of the west . 
  they are arming rebels , and rebels are fighting many different factions - isis , assad , and the kurds . 
  so of course some kurds are going to end up getting killed . 
  this only applies to the kurds in syria btw . 
  the ones in turkey are not in endanger , the turkish government is only anti-pkk not anti-kurdish . 
  kurds have the highest population growth in turkey and felt safe enough by giving 40 % of their votes to akp ( an increase by 10 % ) , which is the same government that was trying to `` genocide '' them . 
  turkey has bombed isis and taken more refugees than all of europe combined . 
  they just are n't exhausting their military supplies on a war that is n't theirs but have decided to make worrying about the safety of their borders instead . 
  isis used to have 46 turkish hostages but turkey did n't attack them so the hostages survived and were then eventually freed . 
  that was back in september though , i do n't recall them taking more turkish hostages since then . 
  the kurds are not undergoing a genocide . 
  now russia ca n't say turkey did n't warn them :p, 
  no , it was n't childish for turkey to knock down a jet after giving over a dozen warnings . 
  it was childish of russia to violate turkey 's air space after being explicitly told not to . 
  it does n't matter if the russian jets were n't a threat to turkey , turkey already said no and russia refused to oblige . 
  if turkey did n't take action , russia would have continued doing that till the end of time . 
  glad turkey took action instead of allowing russia to keep poking them them . 
  i do n't know , but you ca n't blame turkey over something they did n't orchestrate . 
  stop treating the russians like little babies . 
  turkey told them months ago that this is your last warning and gave them warnings the other day before they fired . 
  the russians should have left the field instead of brushing off the warnings . 
  no means no and it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure that out . 
  its called common sense . 
  why would ethnic russians be in isis ? 
  if ethnic russians were in isis , how the hell is it going to piss off russia if turkey arrests them considering russia is an anti-isis country ? 
  lol , chechens and dagestanis that join isis are very anti-russia . 
  you think that turkey arrested them out of hatred for russia ?? 
  i do n't even have words for the idiocy of your post . 
  article says they were russian , so they were probably ethnic chechens or dagestanis . 
   name one muslim country which has successfully secularized . 
  albania . 
  bosnia . 
  some regions that are fully secular but not countries are bashkortastan , tatarstan , and ningxia . 
  there are others as well . 
  give countries a few decades of peace and do n't force secularism on them or interfere with their politics and it will become secular eventually . 
  the vast majority of modern day muslim countries are 10x more religious than they were in the mid-1900 's as a result of the instability in their regions . 
  i honestly think that if a couple of historical events had gone differently , isis would n't exist and most muslim countries would be almost as secular as eastern europe . 
  and turkey is n't some islamist shithole like how the western media portrays it . 
  suggesting a military coup is really a simple minded and ridiculously flawed solution . 
  he does n't represent turkey 's government or military though . 
  he did that act on his own . 
   like this one [ 1 ] that source does n't say anything about the turkish government smuggling weapons to libya . 
  isis weapons have been traded by radical islamists inside europe as well . 
  the paris terrorist was from belgium , does that mean belgium supports isis ? 
   or this one ? 
  [ 2 ] islamist rebels \u2260 isis . 
  afaik , the mods also seem to really dislike the content that is coming here after it became a default , wonder why they do n't just strip it of its default status . 
  its western propaganda trying to antagonize china . 
  china did n't ban islam nor has it banned ramadan . 
  but the fact that / r/worldnews-tards are getting a boner over the fact that they think that is happening shows what the worldview of the scums is over there . 
  the muslims born in switzerland are not practicing a form of indigenous culture when they wear the burqas even if they are/aren ' t indigenous themselves . 
  it 's not part of indigenous swiss culture . 
  good . 
  its not like she was actually expecting what she said to be taken seriously . 
  its like saying that people on 4chan should be arrested for saying `` nuke the middle east '' . 
  nice job editorializing the title btw . 
  that 's horrible reasoning . 
  you 're basically saying people should n't ever change anything simply because that 's the way it 's been for a long time . 
  your austria-hungary analogy does n't hold up because austria-hungary was an artificial nation ( like yugoslavia ) whereas an independent catalonia would be an independent state for the catalan people . 
  are you really oirat ? 
  do you happen to know any of their names ? 
  but cyprus is tiny and does n't have a land border with asia , so it does n't really matter . 
  turkey borders countries like iraq and syria , countries that the eu probably does n't want on their border . 
  east europe is way higher than what i would have suspected . 
  and ireland , only 13 % , wow . 
  just wondering , what 's wrong with pew ? 
  i see people reference pew regarding polls all the time . 
  why is there such strong opposition to ttip in some parts of europe ? 
  yugoslavia is an artificial nation based on geography and similar culture whereas albania , serbia , croatia , bosnia , and montenegro are not . 
  there 's no need to force them to live together when they 're doing fine on their own .
