  the theory must have existed before he wrote a book on it . 
  what other reason could he have for writing about her ? 
  -- thanks . 
  tbh , i got a lot of my info regarding sweden from looking up the etymologies of each of sweden 's regions . 
  when looking them up , i decided to read up a bit on their history . 
  and i just posted whatever little i could remember . 
  i also heard about a couple other stuff via reddit since i have an interest in history ( i post similar summaries for every country in these types of threads ) . 
  gay sex \u2260 homosexuality . 
  virtually all the people that were involved in gay sex were involved in pederastic affairs ( underage boy , older man ) . 
  they all went on to have wives ( with no exception ) . 
  homosexuality was simply just considered a behavior or even lifestyle in the past ( like cuckoldry is today ) . 
  this whole `` born this way '' and `` sexuality '' stuff is a completely modern phenomenon . 
  the term ` uranian ' was first coined to refer to lgbt people by karl heinrich ulrichs in 1862 . 
  then the term ` homosexual ' was coined by karoly-maria kertbeny in 1869 . 
  before that , there was no word for the thing in any language . 
  it was simply described as an act , the terms used in english were `` sodomy '' and `` pederasty '' . 
  in german , `` knabenschaender '' was also used . 
  the concept of a sexual orientation and it being an inborn identity is a completely modern concept . 
  thanks , i was aware of the swedish term for sweden but forgot to mention it . 
  also , i 'd like to add that the original literal meaning of * svea * is `` our '' . 
  so * sverige * literally means `` our realm '' . 
  the old english word for * rige * was * r\u012bche * , so * sverige * would have likely become * swedereach * in modern english had the term * r\u012bche * not fallen into disuse . 
  the post was made by a member of that site , a site i do n't use . 
  if there was some way you could edit out the anti-jewish stuff , then that 'd be nice . 
  the only people that will believe the anti-jewish stuff are the ones that were already anti-jewish to begin with . 
  the point of that was just to share statistics on stuff like gay aids rate , etc. 
  when i say i do n't use the site , i meant its a site i do n't have an account in or post on . 
  i only used that one link to copy paste on this thread . 
  that 's literally my only experience with it . 
  copypasting everything from there would take up over 60 lines . 
  why are you making this comment everywhere ? 
  i already clarified that i did n't write it . 
  i do n't ever use the word redpill or believe in the anti-jewish conspiracies . 
  i only pasted that cause it was more convenient than copypasting each link individually . 
  i literally never use that site . 
  i saw this posted elsewhere on reddit . 
  the anti-semitism part was unnecessary and wrong . 
  the reason i posted that was cause it showed the harmful effects of the gay lifestyle in the opening portion of the link . 
  why are you replying to this comment when i already addressed this in another post ? 
  if i was a mindless sheep , then i would agree with the anti-semitic parts as well . 
  also , since i live in the west , i would be pro-gay rights if i was a mindless sheep . 
   dr. faderman was married , you called her lesbian yourself . 
  you are cdontradicting yourself . 
  hadrian 's marriage was out of politics , not love . 
  i called her lesbian cause that 's what she considered herself to be . 
  i used the term out of convenience . 
  many lesbians secretly know the lesbian identity is just bullshit identity politics and not an innate identity . 
  the fact she married a man , a gay man at that , just further proves my point . 
   yes , you can . 
  countless gay men and women married due to social pressure and pursued gay relationships . 
  in many countries to this day this practice continues . 
  there was no social pressure on roman despots to marry within the same sex . 
  they only did so because they were not gay , which is a completely modern identity . 
   they were more than close , all historians agree on that . 
  hadrian 's love poems to antonious show it . 
  then why did n't he try to have a civil union with him like nero did with sporus ? 
   he was 20 , so no , he was an adult , not a ` boy ' . 
  do you have a source on his age ? 
  could n't find it when searching . 
  but anyways , the relationship was still pederastic since it was between a barely adult guy and a father-figure way older than him . 
   funny how you need to go into old books and ignore the countless scientific literature that contradicts you . 
  your probably belief vaccinations are bad , etc. . . 
  i am not quoting homophobic 20th century religious pseudo-scientists . 
  i was quoting gay rights activists who were in the movement themselves and were a crucial component of it . 
  there are also * many * gay people today that will admit they were not born this way i.e. 
  the people in the gay bar in the link i gave you . 
  the anti-semitic stuff there are bogus conspiracy stuff . 
  i did not write those , i just copy-pasted it here . 
  the point of that link was just to show you about the harmful effects of following the gay lifestyle . 
  you have n't named a single exclusively gay person . 
  just examples of a select few people that engaged in gay sex at some point in their lives . 
  you also did n't state why there is no word for homosexuality in any language to have ever existed ( prior to the late 19th century ) . 
  also , it 's a coincidence that the gay that started gay rights activism ( karl heinrich ulrichs ) was a victim of child rape . 
  and all the later pioneers of the movement ( alfred kinsey , henry gerber , al menninger , harry hay , harvey milk , matthew shepard , larry kramer , dan savage , allen ginsberg , larry brinkin , etc ) were all pedophiles themselves and endorsed nambla . 
  homosexuality spread to usa from germany via the german-american pedophiles henry gerber and al menninger . 
  the link i posted above proves that this is not without a coincidence . 
  getting raped at a young age leads to becoming gay yourself . 
  even milo yiannopoulos became gay after getting raped at a young age and has now defended pederasty . 
  i 'm not saying all cases of child rape lead to people becoming gay , but gay people are disproportionately more likely to have been rape victims than straight people . 
  my link above proves it . 
  or do you think this is all merely a coincidence ? 
  also , the ones that are n't rape victims often suffer from some sort of depression or had negative/violent experience with the opposite gender . 
  [ i guess the fact that gay people are extremely more likely than straight people to be victims of child abuse or some other form of trauma is just a complete coincidence . 
  ] ( https://stream.org/yes-childhood-sexual-abuse-often-contribute-homosexuality/ ) also , you ca n't explain why exclusively gay people did not exist in the past . 
  hadrian had a wife so he could n't have been gay . 
  hadrian adopted antoninus as a son , so their relationship was pederastic . 
  hadrian and antoninus also both married women so you ca n't say they were gay . 
  just cause they were close does not mean their relationship resembles that of a straight couple . 
  another quote from dr. faderman :  `` we continue to demand rights , ignoring the fact that human sexuality is fluid and flexible , acting as though we are all stuck in our category forever . '', 
  one more demonstrating she believes this is all just a sham to achieve gay rights :  `` the narrow categories of identity politics are obviously deceptive '' this is from the same page as the above . 
  dr. john dececco is a gay professor and psychologist . 
  he wrote a book called * if you seduce a straight person can you make them gay * on pages 17-18 how the whole gay rights is just identity politics so that gays can achieve their gay rights objective and that they are n't born that way . 
  the people that started the born that way myth were hunter madsen and marshall kirk in an 1985 book called * after the ball : how america will conquer its fear and hatred of the gays in the 90s * . 
  here is a quote from page 363 :  in short , the gay lifestyle - if such a chaos can , after all , legitimately be called a lifestyle - it just does n't work : it does n't serve the two functions for which all social framework evolve : to ` constrain people 's natural impulses to behave badly and to meet their natural needs . 
  while it 's impossible to provide an exhaustive analytic list of all the root causes and aggravants of this failure , we can asseverate at least some of the major causes . 
  many have been dissected , above , as elements of the ten misbehaviors ; it only remains to discuss the failure of the gay community to provide a viable alternative to the heterosexual family . 
  i say sexuality is a pseudoscience because the term homosexual did not exist in any language what or culture whatsoever as a concept until modern times . 
  it was only considered an act . 
  if it ever existed as an identity , then it would n't be only a modern concept . 
  [ there are still societies where gay sex is completely non-existent .
