  there are even a few that identify as bavarian first and german second . 
  its kinda how many westerners know about punjabis but not any other ethnolinguistic group from india . 
  how culturally similar is franconia to bavaria proper ? 
  is having english as your surname indicative of english ancestry ? 
  losing the bosnian war and losing kosovo mainly . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  its more hygienic to shave . 
  azerbaijan is less religious than italy , greece , and the us . 
  so i 'd say communism was good for them . 
  communism is also the reason albania and bosnia are not that religious . 
  so forced suppression of religion can result in success . 
  the people there are non-religious muslims . 
  i 've even talked to people from there that eat pork which is unheard of among almost all secular muslims . 
  of course , communism is n't guaranteed success and countries can become non-religious without communism but it has done much more good than bad in terms of the religiosity of former ussr regions . 
  either it did n't make a huge difference ( russia , ukraine , chechnya ) or it led to significantly less religiousness ( kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tatarstan ) . 
  if it were n't for communism , then bosnian women would be wearing burqas and a lot of those countries would have strict blasphemy laws . 
  albania and kazakhstan have * far * less religious tension that western countries where muslims are less than 5 % of the population . 
  communism was n't effective to the same degree everywhere , but you ca n't say it was a net negative . 
  i was mostly referring to the baltics , azerbaijan , the volga region and middle asia . 
  middle asia is the most religious of those regions and although it still has many religious nuts ( mainly just in uzbekistan & tajikistan ) , communism i feel definitely made a difference . 
  magor never existed . 
  it sorta worked with communism in the former ussr states . 
  most of them are very non-religious and that non-religiousness was forced . 
  i used to support the wearing of the burqa a while back when i was more libertarian but doing stuff like wearing the burqa increases religiosity . 
  its something done typically by devout people after brainwashing from a young age . 
  if less muslims wear the burqa , the less likely they are to be observant . 
  same with the hijab . 
   pretty sure hungarians are connected with the huns lol hungarians and huns have 0 connection , your link does n't contradict my claim . 
   the magyars ( hungarians ) joined the huns so they have a connection . 
  this never happened . 
  the huns invaded europe in the 4th century and then disappeared in the 5th century . 
  hungarians invaded europe in the 9th century , long after the huns were gone . 
   probably since both the huns and magyars originate from asia , it made it easier to join forces and fight against the roman empire . 
  the hungarians joined forces with the turks . 
  they have 0 connection to the huns . 
  there 's 0 proof hungarians ever even met the huns since the first time the hungarians invaded , centuries had passed since the huns became extinct . 
  what makes you think the most nato would do is use words ? 
  members of nato have sent many soldiers to defend against communism in vietnam and korea in addition to also sending ground troops to iraq and afghanistan . 
  its also a common name in turkey as well . 
  that 's still no proof that the huns were uralic , let alone hungarian . 
  people just think the hungarians were huns because the english-latin name of magyars starts with * hun * . 
  the huns invaded europe in the 4th century . 
  the magyars were still in the volga region at that time and did n't invade europe until the 9th century . 
  by the time the hungarians invaded europe , the huns had already came and left . 
  i found [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hunnic_language#uralic ) regarding hungarians claiming huns :  attempts have been made to identify the hunnic language as hungarian . 
  these have not achieved scholarly approval . 
  the thesis that simon of k\u00e9za , who dedicated his gesta hungarorum to ladislaus iv ( 1272 -- 1290 ) , preserved genuine magyar traditions about the huns has long been refuted . 
  eighty years ago hodgkin wrote : `` the hungarian traditions no more fully illustrate the history of attila than the book of mormon illustrates the history of the jews '' . 
  [ 26 ] ** hungarian legends and histories from medieval times onwards assume close ties with the huns . 
  the name hunor is preserved in legends and ( with a few hunnic names , such as attila ) is used as a given name in modern hungary and in turkey as atilla and onur respectively . 
  ** the name attila might be used among hungarians because they thought they were related to the huns . 
  it might be the same with turkey . 
  no , the hungarians have 0 connection to the huns . 
  hungarian is an english exonym from latin . 
  the endonym is magyar . 
  the latin name `` hungaria '' comes from the fact that a lot of on-ogur ( oghur turks ) lived in that region . 
  the turkic name on-ogur was borrowed from bulgarian to greek to latin to english and eventually ended up as hungary . 
  how do you pronounce ceau\u0219escu ? 
  orban is n't even romanian . 
  why does france have three languages ? 
  not really . 
  only in terms of porn preference . 
  i 've never heard of a guy that supports lesbian rights but is against gay male rights . 
  its always supporting both or opposing both . 
  really surprised at how low serbia and bosnia are . 
  so why do they pay ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  is it confirmed ? 
  what 's his name ? 
  azerbaijan is caucasian , not persian . 
  why do you think / r/europe is the only sub that the posters here read ? 
  they probably go to a different sub for american content like how i come to this sub for european content . 
  also , i never said i agree with the name ` british isles ' . 
  i only said why the gb-ireland region has a name but sardinia-corsica do n't . 
  cultural region does n't mean that the region has a monolithic culture , but they 're closely related . 
  if the balkans ( se europe ) is not a cultural region , then what do you call it ? 
  whatever you call it , its analogous to the gb-ireland region . 
  southwest europe is iberia and italy . 
  i did n't say they were the same place , just the same cultural region analogous to the balkans ( southeast europe ) , northern europe , southwest europe , etc. 
  britain and ireland are not distinct regions from each other . 
  they are * always * grouped together as being the same subregion of europe . 
  and why do you think that ? 
  welcome to / r/europe , 
  the existence of the human species began in africa , but human civilization developed in asia ( mesopotamia ) . 
  i 'm personally not against the name , i do n't care about it , i just said that because your comment sorta implied that there is no other appropriate name for that region . 
   you handed the rest of the country ** and scotland ** eh , i 'm pretty sure that scotland can join the eu after a hypothetical independence . 
  what do you think about anglo-celtic isles then ? 
  i do n't think that 's a fair equivalent since northern ireland has ireland in its name and the people living in ni do n't ever say the island should be called anything other than ireland . 
  regardless of if its a political term or not ( although nowadays i see it as just a geographical term ) , it does n't make sense to group iceland with those two countries . 
  they are n't their own cultural region . 
  one is an island part of france and the other is an island part of italy . 
  the islands north of france are their own region with a very similar history and culture . 
   why ? 
  they think they are better off alone , having a huge state gdp and the only thing holding them back are the states . 
  sounds familiar ? 
  i 'm from the us . 
  californian secession is a joke . 
  it was just a fringe movement that got some attention when trump got elected . 
  i 'd be surprised if even 5 % supported secession . 
  btw , the name predates the greeks .
