  are examples of figures that indulged in gay sex . 
  by modern standards , they would be seen as `` bi '' ( not gay like pro-gays will tell you ) since they all had wives . 
  however , it should be noted the figures i listed above as well as every single historical figure that had gay sex were all pedophiles . 
  you can go to google and type in `` historical gay figures '' or something like that and when you see the links , you will see that every single one of the people there are pedophiles . 
  gayness historically was the act of praying on young boys by thirsty men . 
  obviously today with the promotion of homosexuality as a legitimate sexual identity by liberals , they are n't all pedos anymore ( although it should be noted that pedophilia is still over represented among gay/bi men ) . 
  nowadays , people think `` homosexuality is just like heterosexuality and nobody can choose how they 're born '' . 
  [ actually , its an environment factor ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/science/2016/03/15/homosexuality-may-be-triggered-by-environment-after-birth/ ) which is why the concept does n't exist among some societies like in the link i provided earlier . 
  i gave these sources in a previous argument i had on this sub , and the others accepted that homosexuality was n't genetic but maintained that it should be promoted as normal and accepted anyways because doing so is not harmful in any remote way . 
  srpska was n't downvoted out . 
  it was removed by the mods , probably cause they saw it as provocative . 
  the `` pictures of bosnia '' thread that was created in response to the sprska thread was also removed by the mods . 
  i know about poturica , i was talking about the term `` turk '' . 
  the first usage of the word homosexual is in 1880 by a german named gustav j\u00e4ger , and it was likely used to refer to men that molested little boys rather than the term we know it as today , so i 'm guessing the first gays probably came into existence in the beginning-middle of the 20th century . 
  but it is clear that no language in existence had a word for homosexual before the 19th century and that there were zero gays in all of the pre-modern era ( unless you can name some ) . 
  who the hell was going to execute alexander or mahmud of ghazni for coming out as gay when it was well known by everyone they molested little boys ? 
  these people are supreme rulers of empires . 
  nobody could execute them . 
  they were the ones that executed others . 
  100 % of homosexual cases in greece involve pedophilia . 
  if men molesting little boys is your only proof that homosexuality existed in ancient times , then you just should really wonder why homosexuality is considered degenerate . 
  you ca n't name a single person in all of history in any culture that was a non-pedophile gay . 
  back then , pedophilia was considered a form of degeneracy and many people faced the death penalty for it . 
  yet there were many cases of pedophilia . 
  zero cases of non-pedophile gays . 
  there are still sub-saharan tribes btw where they have zero gays . 
  you have no proof these were fake wives . 
  men that did n't marry anyone also existed back then . 
  also , these men had sex with underage boys . 
  why would it be okay to have sex with underage boys but having sex with adult males would be worthy of ostracization ? 
  so pedo gay sex = okay , sex with adult men = bad ? 
  that makes 0 sense . 
  the thing is that men had sex with young boys because the boys were obedient enough to function as sex slaves and they would n't be able to get pregnant . 
  aristotle himself said he had sex with young boys and said he did so cause he did n't want to impregnate his wife . 
  he never wrote about not loving his wife , no men wrote about it ever . 
  officially there were atheists back then or at least people somewhat atheist . 
  philosophers have been questioning god/religion since forever . 
  mahmud of ghazni and alexander of makedon had a lot of power . 
  they had sex with little underage boys and nobody said anything to them . 
  they were rulers with a lot of power . 
  nothing would have happened had they had sex with adult men since they had the highest authority . 
  gay men having sex with underage boy was only a thing . 
  and these so-called `` gay '' men pretty much always had wives . 
  if it is something that only started in the past 100 years , then that proves it is unnatural . 
  it is just doing nothing declining the population . 
  there are no records of men falling in love with adult men before the modern era , even in pre-abrahamic times in any culture . 
  why is mass surveilance such a bad thing ? 
  so what if the government spies on you ? 
  what is the worst that they can do if you are causing nobody any harm ? 
  `` stop blaming white people for slavery and colonization !, 
  they were our ancestors not us ! '', 
  `` the turkish muslims colonized and enslaved eastern europeans for centuries !, 
  these people are such evil monsters and must n't be forgiven ! '', 
  in 1542 , the concept of homosexuality or sexuality in general did n't exist . 
  everybody was `` straight '' back then . 
  in the medieval age , the concept of homosexuality did n't exist . 
  this is a completely modern thing . 
  still , bashing serbs is n't a karma free thing otherwise the other guy would n't have so many downvotes and the people ridiculing him would n't be getting upvoted . 
  the perceived bias against serbs is very over exaggerated , even if it does exist to a degree ( although its mainly just because of croats/bosniaks/albanians ) . 
  i have n't heard that before . 
  i just hear turk , ustashe , and chetnik a lot . 
  its not controversial . 
  the guy who made that ignorant statement got many downvotes and everyone ridiculing him is showered with upvotes . 
  georgia is nothing special . 
  you guys had a rough mountaineous terrain which made it more difficult to conquer you but were still colonized by iranians and turks for centuries . 
  the best georgians did was resist becoming conquered rather than actively remove kebab like the mongols did . 
  and some georgians became muslim which is why you have adjara and lazistan ( although georgian christians forced adjars to become christian recently ) . 
  do n't they call bosniaks `` turk '' as an insult ? 
  serbs also helped the ottomans conquer hungary . 
  no , it comes from that guy playing the accordion . 
  it became popular on 4chan because of that song and then spread to the rest of the internet . 
  the muslims in the meme are bosniaks not ottomans . 
  his actions were justified . 
  i 've seen many eastern euros saying it . 
  every time a single brit criticizes ee migration , they 're all like `` why are you only after us ?? 
  is it cause you 're too scared to criticize muslims ?? '', 
  i was just speculating why some serbs would support russia against ukraine and georgia since that 's what the other user said . 
  supporting russia in the crimea issue does n't necessarily mean you are anti-ukrainian or anything . 
  b-b-but the eastern europeans told me that brits are cowards that support muslim immigration and only speak out against ee immigration . 
  the balkans :p, 
  there was a bit of an overreaction in the other thread , but it was mainly from bosniaks who saw the post as provocative , not the average subscriber to / r/europe . 
  what makes you so sure that this sub is inherently against srpska 's freedom ? 
  whenever srpska , kosovo , and mitrovicha are brought up , then there 's people on both sides arguing for and against it . 
  although i do feel there is a double standard against russia in regards to crimea , but a lot of people there try to argue that the referendum was not fairly conducted . 
  do you have a link to a thread where most people were saying that they would never recognize srpska ? 
  czechs are part of nato which is why they supported kosovo . 
  i doubt the majority of czechia , one of the most anti-muslim countries in europe , supports kosovo . 
  most do n't care about it . 
  they along with poland and slovakia had [ `` kosovo is serbia '' protests ] ( https://inserbia.info/today/2014/02/kosovo-is-serbia-protests-in-poland-slovakia-and-the-czech-republic/ ) though . 
  the preshevo valley is similar in size to mitrovicha . 
  ah , i 've heard that song before but without reading the lyrics so i never got the `` god is a serb '' reference till now . 
  link to that song ? 
  what does that have to do with what i said ? 
  my comment was in response to saudi arabia funding mosques in europe ( france in particular ) . 
  that 's cause ukraine and georgia are mostly irrelevant to them whereas russia loves them and helps them out a lot . 
  they also call romania orthodox brothers sometimes due to romania 's warm relations them in the unfriendly balkans despite the fact that romania and russia do n't get along . 
  so you mean you would n't be aware these photos were in bosnia if it were n't for the title ? 
  yeah , all neighboring nations are involved in conflicts with each other . 
  just looks at ukraine vs. russia . 
  but having a different religion definitely intensifies the conflict to a degree .
