  armenians typically look more like iranians , turks , and levantines than they do like europeans . 
  their culture is also closer to west asia than it is to europe ( with the exception of greece ) . 
  no you could n't , and armenians ( and turks ) are n't white . 
  i was confused , i thought that 50 % + of quebecois voted for independence and the others voted no , but they still could n't win . 
  this sounds so heartbreaking , such slim margins of loss , especially one for independence , are extremely rare . 
  so 51 % was required for independence ? 
  what percentage of votes was needed for them to separate from canada ? 
  those stuff will never happen , no other country is like the uk . 
  a referendum in catalonia is the only way to decide this . 
  not a lot ... 
  i think i misunderstood a bit , i thought you meant that people in other parts of spain should be allowed to vote in the catalonia secessionist referendum . 
  anyways , spain 's government is never gon na say yes to this if that is all it takes to quell catalan separatism . 
  the uk is one of a kind in allowing a region to separate . 
  separatism is illegal in every other country on earth . 
  so you do n't think a single region of any democratic nation should ever be allowed to separate ? 
  because lets be real , no country will ever have a majority of their population that wants to lose territory if you let the vote go to people living outside the separatist region . 
  what if england was part of france and you guys wanted to separate , but france said no because they saw you guys as french in their eyes ? 
  they got 50.5 % , so they likely got a few extra hundred votes after reaching 50 % . 
  how much percentage was need to separate in 1995 ? 
  have n't you heard of the term '' ** self ** - determination '' ? 
  catalonia splitting off is up to the people of catalonia . 
  of course the rest of spain is going to say no , it makes no sense for them to be the ones to decide the future of catalans . 
  if your logic applied to every nation with a separatist movement , then a lot of countries today would n't exist . 
  do you guys root for each other in football matches ? 
  `` marhaba '' means `` hello '' whereas `` as-salam walaikum '' means `` peace be with you '' . 
  lol , there were barely any pagans and heretics left ( if any ) in 1700-1800 europe for christians to kill and torture . 
  the christian anatolians turned turkish/muslim . 
  [ my bad , i 'm mistaken . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52vcxx/names_of_weekdays_in_various_european_languages/d7p8p7y ), 
  upper saxons have nothing to do with saxons other than that they were conquered by them which is where they got their name from . 
  upper saxon should be called east thuringian as they 're descended from thuringian tribes and speak thuringian . 
  it 'd clear a lot of confusion . 
  angles were from schleswig-holstein . 
  the jutes were from southern denmark . 
  it should be called just saxon , not low saxon . 
  jutlandic is a dialect of danish . 
  jutish is what the guy you are replying to was thinking about . 
  jutland was named after the jutes and jutes were west germanic folk . 
  in germany , they speak a dutch dialect in north-rhineland westphalia called meuse-rhenish . 
  the german government does n't recognize it as a separate language from german . 
   farther to the east there were also other franconian dialects , which , together with a bunch of other dialects i 'm not going to sum up , eventally developed into old high german . 
  old high german is based off the hannoverish dialect which is mainly derived from immigrants from upper saxony , thuringia , and bavarian franconia in that order . 
  upper saxon is a dialect of thuringian and standard german can be said to be the thuringian language and the high franconian speakers of northern bavaria are not descended from franks but just took the name like the french did after being ruled by the franks . 
   is n't simply because the dutch language is not in germany and the low saxon language area largely is . 
  in the part of north rhineland-westphalia that borders the netherlands , they actually speak a dialect of dutch ( low frankish ) called meuse-rhenish . 
  in the netherlands , the native language in the east is called low saxon actually and not low german . 
  its only called low german in germany because of pan-german nationalism . 
   so there you have it . 
  in short , both standard dutch and standard german are far descendants of different franconian dialects ( mixed in with a couple of other local germanic dialects , especially in the case of german ) . 
  standard dutch comes from salian frankish while standard german comes from thuringian . 
   and i still do n't get how the danes manage to call jutlandic a dialect of danish . 
  it 's not even in the same bloody language group !, 
  they call it jutlandic because its the dialect spoken in jutland . 
  he would be happy to know that a large scale cleansing of slavic and hungarian words from romanian already happened . 
  protuguese missionaries were in burma , thailand , malaysia , and cambodia as well . 
  they as well as the french had more advanced weapons and made significant differences , such as helping tounggoo ( myanmar ) conquer ayutthaya ( thailand ) and establishing the largest ever empire in the region . 
  they also killed malaya 's ruler who ensured malays 's independence by maintaining a close relationship with china . 
  afterwards , the chinese killed the portuguese responsible in two battles in the mid-1500 's . 
  malaya became a protectorate of thailand later on which eventually got annexed . 
  these are the malay regions of thailand today where there is a separatist insurgency . 
  i highly doubt he 's albanian . 
  saying albanian is not european is something anti-albanian people say . 
  they 're all spoken languages , albeit by a minority . 
  welsh is much more spoken than irish and scottish are . 
  they 're the same person . 
  she 's odin 's wife . 
  these are basques . 
  basque is not an indo-european language like the vast majority of europe . 
  it is one of the very few existing languages that has no relationship to any other language out there . 
  yes , germanics originated in denmark and the english name germany comes from latin * germania * . 
  the vast majority of eastern europe was not conquered by germanics . 
  only a few parts neighboring germany as well as crimea were . 
  the langobards only conquered northwest italy . 
  in case anyone is wondering where those names came from , the answer is arabic . 
  it was colonized by the romans . 
  is it pronounced dud leen ? 
  it was translated to english i guess . 
  sun in latin is solis . 
  both words have the same roots . 
  why is that ? 
  did the greek-lover minister maximilian josef montgelas change those names in bavarian ? 
  his love of greek culture led to the spelling change of baiern to bayern . 
  because kurdish is the native language there . 
  there were no proto-germanic words for saturday and sunday ? 
  and there 's church tax . 
  i meant that it was irrelevant to the point i was making so i was n't gon na discuss it . 
  do the stereotypical bavarian stuff exist in franconia to any degree ( e.g. 
  but pakistan scored very differently than neighboring countries and most other third world nations despite their neighboring countries not either being racially diverse . 
  i do agree the map is bs though . 
  and as someone who 's family is originally from pakistan , i disagree with it on pakistan . 
  i expect the reason for pakistan being like that is a low sample . 
  the dental hygiene thing is n't an actual stereotype . 
  its just used in jokes . 
  i 'm not gon na say most brits are or are n't racist but i would n't trust that site . 
  westerners are very pc and would be too scared to report their true feelings on polls like that . 
  look at the bright side . 
  every time someone from romania does something bad , people will almost always assume its a gypsy , even if its an ethnic romanian . 
  they 're always scapegoated like that . 
  its cause bavarians tend to be very proud of their heritage/culture and identity in comparison to other regions of germany . 
  they really like to let the world know about them .
