  not really . 
  i always hear people talking about how canada and brazil are super progressive in regards to race . 
  usa is seen as less racially progressive than we , but only slightly less . 
  but when did the split from bulgarians first start ? 
  dobrujans did n't split from other bulgarians to become their own ethnicity . 
  what happened that made macedonia a special case ? 
  it sucks how if you get one question wrong , then you 're eliminated . 
  for a topic as comprehensive as geography , it felt very brutal getting eliminated in my class after only getting a single question wrong . 
  they should make it 3 or so questions . 
  it is very exaggerated . 
  in america , people hang out with people of similar interests/hobbies . 
  that hobby can be sports that you play a lot with friends . 
  its not the same in poland ? 
  okay , so then when/how did the macedonian ethnogenesis happen ? 
  was it after the first time that it got conquered from bulgaria ? 
  only western europe is considered progressive . 
  nobody ever calls eastern europe progressive . 
  and western europe is only considered progressive in comparison to asia , africa , and eastern europe . 
   which is that in europe , the conflicts seem to center much more around culture than it centers around race . 
  its mostly the same in america . 
   europeans who are skeptical of migrants , at least to my experience , are much more concerned with loosing hold of their way of living , than they are with other races . 
  that mostly applies to muslims . 
  its the same case here . 
  i know the difference between german and germanic . 
  i said german on purpose . 
  the distinction is a relatively recent one and based on politics . 
   there was no notion of ethnicity/nationalism within those times they were considered bulgarians though just like people in the rest of the bulgarian empire and the macedonian ethnogenesis did n't happen yet . 
   dushan did not obtain macedonia from the bulgarian empire ( 2nd at that time ) , but rather a crippled byzantine empire . 
  [ this says bulgaria . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_velbazhd ) was n't the first time it was obtained very brief ? 
  chakavian and kaykavian are definitely separate languages from shtokavian ( serbo-croatian ) . 
  also , even if all of them spoke the same language , they have different origins which makes them different ethnic groups . 
  bulgarians say that slav-macedonians are ethnic bulgarians since they were considered bulgarians before . 
  ohrid was the capital of the first bulgarian empire even . 
  ~ ~ they developed a separate identity after the battle of velbazhd when stefan dushan conquered macedonia from bulgaria . 
  since then , bulgaria tried to retake macedonia but the slav-macedonians did n't like it so there was a sense of distrust between the two . ~ ~, 
  they do n't say they have nothing in common with bulgarians but that they are not bulgarians , but a separate ethnic group . 
  standard serbo-croatian is basically just the dubrovnik dialect that was standardized by serbs and croats together so that they would be closer to each other ( the common enemy was austria-hungary ) . 
  before standard serbo-croatian was taught all over serbia , croatia , etc. 
  they spoke different languages/dialects . 
  there are five main types of south slavic languages : shtokavian ( standard sc is only based on one dialect of shtokavian ) , slovenian , chakavian , kaykavian , and bulgaro-macedonian . 
  also , it should be noted that all south slavic languages were part of a single dialect continuum . 
  in croatia ; they speak ( or historically spoke ) [ shtokavian , chakavian , and kaykavian ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c4/croatian_dialects.png ) . 
  so a lot of croatia spoke a different language to serbia for a large portion of history . 
  in fact , kaykavian is closer to slovenian than it is to shtokavian . 
  saying that they speak the same language is not true . 
  they only speak the same standardized language because that was the language was promoted by their governments . 
  -- even if they did speak the same language , they are descended from different tribes and have different origins . 
  the serb homeland ( `` white serbia '' ) was around the [ lusatia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/lusatia_in_europe.png ) region where germany and poland border each other . 
  whereas the croat homeland ( `` white croatia '' ) was in poland . 
  as for bosniaks and montenegrins , there is more contention over that . 
  the montenegrins were until very recently considered serbs and many montenegrins still do consider themselves serbs . 
  bosniaks had their own identity since the pre-ottoman era ( bosniak = bogomil back then ) , but i ca n't find any information on them having their own identity before bogomolism or descending from any slavic tribe called `` bosniak '' , so there 's a good chance they are descended from serbs . 
  edit : downvotes for this ? 
   i was under the impression that they were collectively the `` british isles '' that 's what they 're called by most people , but the irish find this term offensive . 
  those terms are not mutually exclusive . 
  also , catalonia is officially called an ` autonomous region ' and scotland a ` country ' . 
  a home nation is just a country from the british isles , even ireland is a home nation . 
  okay , i have two questions on this issue if you do n't mind answering ( since you seem informed on this issue ) : 1 . 
  do you know why catalonia is so much more separatist than aragon ? 
  in catalonia , the catalan language is thriving , but in aragon , aragoense is almost extinct . 
  is this because most aragonese dialects merged with castile 's dialects to form standard castilian or something ? 
  if not , then why is it doing so poorly compared to catalan ? 
  out of curiosity , what do you guys learn about native americans ? 
  do you learn about their culture only or do you guys learn about the history of what the different tribes interacted with each other ? 
  thinking about it now , i do remember when i was like 7-9 years old or so , we did learn about how they had tepees and hunted buffalo and stuff . 
  is that what you 're talking about ? 
  i 've never seen a 195 cm ( 6 ' 5 ) woman in real life , so i think that 's not even worth mentioning . 
  i guess `` fairly rare '' would have been better wording though since i only i see woman that is 180 cm ( 5 ' 11 ) once every few weeks or even months ( granted i 'm not the biggest traveler ) . 
  also , i 'm from a somewhat diverse part of the east coast where people ( including whites who are mostly irish & south italian ) tend to be shorter than the rest of the country . 
  what about the pre-christian history of german tribes ? 
  i think he 's talking about scotland and catalonia . 
  what 's the definition of a country ? 
  why does scotland fit that definition but spain 's autonomous regions do n't ? 
  they all willingly joined though : * the german states willingly joined to form germany . 
  * the italian states willingly joined to form italy . 
  * aragon and castile willingly joined to form spain ( but the centralization was n't done willingly ) . 
  * england and scotland willingly joined to form the uk . 
  scotland is only nominally a country . 
  it is an autonomous region of the uk like how catalonia and the basque country are to spain . 
  veneto had an online referendum where 90 % voted for independence in 2014 , but the referendum was viewed as unrepresentative cause many venetians did n't participate and some users voted from south american proxies . 
  even though venetian separatism is significantly smaller than scottish and catalan separatism , it is n't some tiny fringe movement ( at least i 've heard ) . 
  it should be pointed out that only the scottish elite were happy to join england and form the uk because it would help scotland economically ( i.e. 
  recover from the darien scheme ) , and a lot of scottish elites were handsomely bribed as well . 
  the scottish locals were largely against it and riots broke out ( especially in glasgow & edinburgh ) after scotland formed the uk without consulting the local scots . 
  here 's what a famous unionist spy said : `` for every scot in favour there is 99 against '' . 
  nowadays , most scots are obviously pro-uk though , despite brexit . 
  it is still very interesting how scotland has such a high rate of separatism . 
  i guess the fact that the uk is n't centralized played a big role in that . 
  that 's interesting , i guess its cause arizona has one of the highest concentrations of natives . 
  i 'm from new york . 
  we learned about sacajawea and pocahontas , but only cause they were relevant to post-colonial america . 
  we do n't learn anything regarding pre-colonial amerindians . 
  the biggest tribes in ny are/were the iroquois , mahican , and montawk . 
  i am far from an expert on their history , but i do know about the [ iroquois confederacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iroquois#iroquois_confederacy ) which could have been taught as a topic . 
  i 'm not sure how much material there would be for learning amerindian history though tbh , was just a thought that popped up when i was writing this question . 
  i also feel like there could be a bit more focus on global history in the us , especially in regards to canada and some other neighboring states . 
  google cleanly converts from centimeters to inches . 
  so if you can convert inches to feet & inches on your own , then that 's an easy way to work . 
  i 've heard dutchies were tall but that 's very surprising .
