  same with the chances of a gypsy using a polish first name and surname being a non-christian . 
  also , even when nobody mentions the name of the perp , people assume he is muslim solely based on the fact he is mena . 
   i would not bet on a sebastian mandzik being christian , though , because a person with a polish sounding name not being christian is not that uncommon . 
  how many polish romas have you met that were muslim ? 
   literally every time a pole commits a crime , people say anti-polish stuff . 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  they do n't say anti-catholic stuff when poles commit a crime . 
  even when muslims commit crimes not religiously motivated , their religion is the main talking point . 
   there is an idiomatic saying here in poland that goes like `` you 're manufacturing an ideological background for something '' . 
  sounds awkward in english , but you get the gist . 
  that 's what you 're doing . 
  i 'm not manufacturing anything . 
  the religion of mena migrants is always assumed while the religion of europeans/romas is never assumed . 
  do you deny this ? 
  i personally do n't think that their decisions were driven by religious views . 
  but when muslims commit robbery , sex slavery , have poor english skills , commit fraud , etc. 
  then their religion is brought up for the reason . 
  so i am just pointing out the hypocrisy in highlighting islam for when muslims commit non-religious crimes but then censoring religion when christians commit non-religious crimes . 
   i guess it 's a cultural thing . 
  the only people who attempt to extract far reaching conclusions from a person 's name here are astrologers . 
  so the next time an abdul commits a crime , you wo n't assume he 's muslim ? 
  if that 's the case , then you are unique among redditors . 
   let me introduce you to polska roma , a subgroup of roma in poland that actually is . 
  they do not see eye to eye with the other roma , by the way , because the others disrupt their way of life and ruin the reputation for the entire ethnicity . 
  okay , so all this means is polish roma are better assimilated . 
  i doubt many of them are muslim though . 
   i want whatever you 're smoking . 
  shit 's good . 
  literally every time a mena commits a crime , people say anti-muslim stuff . 
  just check any thread relating to menas and you 'll notice muslim-bashing even though the perp 's religion was n't mentioned in the article . 
  i 'm just saying that its hypocritical for this sub to assume the religion of menas based on race alone , but then whine when the same thing happens to a mainly christian ethnicity . 
  christian name in this context does not equal biblical name . 
  it means `` name of an ethnicity that is christian '' . 
  greeks are a christian ethnicity , so when someone is named konstantinos papadopoulos , its reasonable to assume he 's christian based on that alone . 
  oh please . 
  99.9999 % of people with those names are christian . 
  the few exceptions to that rules are muslim minorities that have been assimilated for centuries , such as the lipka tatars . 
  they use christian names because of being assimilated into polish society for ages . 
  gypsies are not assimilated to polish society and i 've never heard of muslim gypsies using christian names . 
  lipka tatars are one of those extremely rare exceptions , and the perps are not lipka tatars . 
  every time a mena immigrant commits a crime , he is always described as muslim rather than his ethnicity by the people in the comments section . 
  using the same logic as them , these criminals are without a doubt christian . 
  either way , i made this post to point out the hypocrisy . 
  and the fact that the religion of menas can automatically be assumed but the religion of europeans/gypsies ca n't automatically be assumed is a sign of hypocrisy . 
  names that only christians typically use like sebastian mandzik , robert majewski , pawel majewski , seweryn szmyt . 
  they have christian names . 
  [ they are gypsies ] ( http://www.se.pl/wiadomosci/polska/cyganski-gang-handlowa-polakami_212835.html ) and the vast majority of gypsies are christian . 
   the problematic religion in europe is generally sunni islam - professed by the immigrants from the mena . 
  in the case of immigrants from the mena , their customs ( ethnicity ) and religion are explosive mixture . 
  when they commit terrorist attacks , then i can understand bringing up religion . 
  but europeans bring up religion for literally * every * crime muslims commit , but never bring it up when christians do the exact same thing . 
  * muslims sexually harass a woman * - everybody starts bashing muslim people rather than the ethnicity of the perps . 
  * christians sexually harass a woman * - nobody mentions religion but their ethnicity is mentioned instead . 
  the above are the * exact * same crime , and neither are related to or inspired by religion , but muslim people are demonized ( and their demonization is justified by folks here since they 're a non-racial group ) whereas nothing happens to christians . 
  i 've even seen users trying to shoehorn religion into stuff like not speaking robberies and other non-religious crimes committed by muslims . 
  [ uk pm david cameron even shoehorned religion into a matter of something such as speaking english ( he should have mentioned their cultural background instead ) . 
  ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/muslim-women-uk-must-integrate-speak-english-says-david-cameron-1538481 ) this is basically racializing muslims ( connecting non-religious crimes to their religious identity ) and then giving yourself a free pass to hate on them solely based on the fact that muslims are a religious grouping . 
  i hope you can see the type of people i am talking about . 
  also , again , i can understand bringing up religion for stuff like terrorist attacks because islam is absolutely relevant to the terrorism committed by muslims . 
  i am specifically talking about non-religious crimes such as the one in the op . 
  nobody wants to mention their religion cause they 're christian , but if they were another religion ( you know which one ) , discussion of their ethnicity would be totally censored and everyone would be focusing solely on their religion . 
   most liked nation by poles ; not sure if the feeling is reciprocal :( i thought that was hungary ? 
  the dollar is named after the czech city j\u00e1chymov . 
  it was called joachimsthal in german . 
  they did n't change their name to czechia . 
  czech republic is still the official name . 
  czechia is just the official short form of the name . 
  lesbianism was n't a thing back then so they ca n't get condemned for a practically non-existent practice . 
   only male homosex is punishable by death in islam . 
  lesbianism was n't really a thing back then . 
  lesbians were completely unheard of so they were n't written about in arabic texts back then . 
  arab men used to have some boy toys so the practice of same sex intercourse was a thing , and it was mentioned in the qur ` an . 
   it 's not like pornhub asks you for your gender when you visit . 
  when you register , they ask you for your gender . 
  ever notice how on the profile pages of various people , their gender and sexual preferences are always indicated ? 
  i 'm a guy and i do n't like it at all . 
  rus ' is an archaic word that means russia . 
  `` bela '' means white . 
  so belarus basically just means `` white russia '' . 
  in fact , the term beluga ( as in beluga whale ) is derived from the same root as the `` bela '' in belarus . 
  but usa and britain are on completely different continents . 
  also , usa was born from brits not the other way around . 
  so if anything , brits would try to claim usa . 
  okay , that makes sense then . 
  thanks , fixed it . 
  * divided into three historical regions - bohemia , moravia , silesia . 
  * the native name for bohemia and czechia have the same etymology and refer to the same group of people . 
  historically , czechia was called ` bohemia ' in english . 
  i 've heard that the distinguishing of ` bohemia ' from ` czechia ' ( in germanic languages ) was a product of german nationalists in the 1800 's . 
  * the borders of the bohemia region are based on the kingdom of bohemia borders . 
  * the duchy of bohemia was the first czech/bohemia state and they were the ones that assimilated the western moravians into their state ( eastern moravians became the slovaks ) . 
  * bohemia and bavaria have the same etymology . 
  it comes from the celtic * boii * tribe . 
  a bohemian ruling family were also called bavors , which likely also has the same etymology . 
  * the reason why czech is spelled with < cz  in english is because the czech language used to use that spelling . 
  i heard jan hus ( founder of hussitism ) was responsible for the spelling change in czech . 
  * the silesians are lechites like the poles are . 
  all of silesia used to be part of czechia . 
  they are likely named after a vandal ( east germanic ) tribe . 
  * the moravians were a historic slavic tribe .
