  the most historically referenced name for the region is the armenian * aghuank * . 
  since * - k * at the end is an armenian suffix , the historical native name for the region is most likely going to be something like `` aghwan '' . 
  did bosnians ever deny that they were serbs before they became muslim ? 
  yes . 
  \u00c6thelstan first united england in 927 . 
  scythians were n't an iranian ethnic group . 
  it was a generic term given to many ethnic groups by the greeks . 
  scyth was basically the historic name for east iranic . 
  while they do share a language with the pamiris , they were probably genetically closer to the people that live on those lands today and were genetically more european than the pamiris . 
  most pamiris have tan/light-brown skin and black hair . 
  red hair is very rare among them . 
  photos on the internet make them look whiter than they really are . 
  they do n't look too different to their neghbors who are tajiks and afghans . 
  procopius wrote that oghur turkic tribes such as the utigurs and kutrigurs were hunnish tribes , but he also wrote that their ancestors were cimmerians ( there is very little evidence for that ) , so there is definitely a possibility that they could have been turks . 
  i did n't say they did ... 
  that 's why i mentioned there were many catholics :  there were/are also many catholics in england and scotland but i just listed the main religious groups . 
  by `` main religious group '' , i 'm referring to the majority group . 
  for northern ireland , i listed both catholic and presbyterian because they were in similar numbers there . 
  charlemage was a salian frank ( like most folk from the netherlands/flanders ) , so dutch people might also claim him . 
  the `` goths '' of southern sweden [ may not have been goths ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geats ) . 
  the map just shows the khazar kingdom . 
  not everyone there is of khazar descent , in fact a minority probably is . 
  khazaria was originally smaller and only went on to include most of ukraine at its peak . 
  the homeland of the khazars was mainly the russian steppe south of ukraine . 
  they should just write shtokavian and not any of those other fancy names . 
  shtokavian is a neutral term and applies to serbian , croatian , bosnian , and montenegrin . 
  greek used to be spoken in/around modern greece and anatolia but not much farther than that whereas romance was far more widespread . 
  tsakonian , a descendant of spartan , is the only other greek language besides koine ( standard greek ) . 
   which is actually debatable if it 's a german language or not which language are you referring to ? 
  flemish and dutch are dialects of the same language . 
  croatian and serbian are the same dialect . 
  they are much closer to each other than dutch and flemish are . 
  slovenian might have an illyrian substrate . 
  slovenia used to be illyrian . 
  albanian is an illyrian language . 
  slovenian might have an illyrian substrate which is where the words they have in common could come from . 
  traditionally , england was protestant not catholic . 
  catholics were a minority . 
  i do n't think they are all culturally that close to greece , but thought that they were close allies/friends ( except for russia i guess ) . 
  the op was mentioning greece 's friends otherwise i could have listed other orthodox countries like bulgaria , romania , etc. 
  what about russia , serbia , and armenia ? 
  what i said was for the traditional religious groups . 
  i 'm sure now there are more atheists than catholics in england . 
  this was the original comment :  i do n't mind that , as long as it 's more constructive than rather broader definition of bad migrant = muslim and good migrant = non muslim or something of the sort . 
  the other guy tried to disprove this by giving a very extreme example to counter it ( as if the whole immigration issue is about those extreme examples ) and you then kept defending him . 
  yeah , just squirm your way outta the argument by constantly repeating yourself . 
  the traditional religious groups of the uk were presbyterian ( scotland ) , anglican ( england ) , and methodist ( wales ) with northern ireland being a mix of presbyterian and catholic . 
  there were/are also many catholics in england and scotland but i just listed the main religious groups . 
  the name britain was originally used by the greeks to refer to both britain and ireland . 
  britain was called great britain and ireland was called little britain . 
  ireland soon stopped being called britain and the name lesser britain was coined to refer to the brittany region of france . 
  -- the scots get their name from an irish tribe who colonized parts of western scotland and northern ireland when they formed d\u00e1l riata . 
  when the scots arrived in britain , the native inhabitants of north scotland were picts . 
  they merged with the scots of d\u00e1l riata to form the kingdom of albion which then went to conquer brythonic and northumbrian ( english ) lands and held those possessions until today . 
  the scots dialect of the scottish lowlands is actually descended from northumbrian english and closer to old english than modern english is . 
  the speakers of scots used to refer to their language/ethnicity as english ( * engels * ) , but then started referring to their language/ethnicity as scottish ( * scots * ) . 
  the english , after being unified by king \u00c6thelstan , tried to conquer all of scotland rather than conquer it piece by piece during the scottish wars of independence , but failed to do so resulting in an independent scotland . 
  they then later merged to form the uk in 1707 via the acts of union with the scot king james iv becoming king and subsequently becoming the largest empire ever . 
  before the act of union , the british isles were united by the parliamentarians during the wars of the three kingdoms which led to the protectorate being established . 
  king james iv was also responsible for the plantation of ulster where he encouraged mass migration of protestant brits ( mostly scots from dumfries ? ), 
  to try to colonize ireland in the plantation of ulster , which was previously the most gaelic/irish part of ireland . 
  -- the english invaded britain in the 5th century , prior to that it was ruled by the romans . 
  the welsh kingdom of gwynedd is one of the successor states to the roman empire . 
  the ethnic groups that came to britain in order from largest to smallest were the angles , saxons , jutish/yutish , and frisian . 
  angle comes from the latin * anglii * . 
  the original native name for them was * english * and since they were the largest and most influential german group , the english got named after them . 
  the angles mostly settled the east , the saxons the west , and the jutes/frisians the south . 
  the english region * cumbria * is a cognate to the welsh name for wales * cymru * ( pronounced cumree ) . 
  cumbria was originally used to refer to all brythonic lands before being confined to the modern english region . 
  the term wales means foreigner and is cognate to wallonia , wallachia , etc. 
  coming from proto-germanic * walhaz . 
  the vikings colonized parts of britain beginning in the 10th century and were headed by a dane called cnut the great , the part of britain they conquered where danish laws were used was called the danelaw . 
  alfred the great of wessex drove them out after defeating gunuth in the battle of edington . 
  the normans later invaded england and are responsible for english being flooded with romance words and for the english letter < j  being pronounced / d\u0292 / rather than / j / . 
  why does east germany use the french word as well ? 
  my bad , fixed it . 
  i meant that they 're part of the same dialect cluster , which is west-central german . 
  read the comment he was replying to . 
  its interesting that luxembourg is red and not blue . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  the luxembourgish language is very close to the dialect spoken in rhineland so you 'd expect it to be blue , but its red like the dialect in east germany . 
  he was specifically disputing a point that non-muslims were n't bad migrants , this is n't rocket science . 
  or do you not understand basic english ? 
  the other guy said that the muslim migrants = bad and non-muslim ones = good was bad thinking . 
  he responded with a straw man to try to refute that non-muslim ( christians ) were could be bad migrants solely because they did n't commit specific attacks . 
  just because christians did n't do those specific attacks does n't mean they are not viewed negatively . 
  it was n't different . 
  he was pretending that christian migrants were dovey angels compared to muslim ones . 
  the only migrants nobody complains about are hindus , buddhists , etc. 
  you 're right about buddhists , hindus , and atheists , but not about christians . 
  christians are never involved in religious inspired attacks but christian immigrants ( blacks , gypsies , etc. ), 
  are seen as a problem by a lot of people for comitting other forms of crime . 
  people are going to be genetically similar to their neighbors regardless of language . 
  what makes someone a slav is not his genetics , but his language , otherwise hungarians would be considered slavs due to being genetically close to west slavs . 
  most know that serbia exists in the same way we know uzbekistan exists . 
  gavrilo princip is mentioned but his ethnicity is not emphasized so him being serb is a minor detail . 
  not many people watch international basketball or tennis . 
  slav is just an ethnolinguistic group rather than a genetic one . 
  obviously austrians will have mixed with slavic-speaking peoples to a degree since they are neighbors , but saying `` lots of austrians are slavs '' is wrong . 
  the serb identity might have been developed back then considering the whole white serbia theory and the similarity between the names serb and sorb ( who serbs are often believed to be descended from ) .
