  what ethnicity is he ? 
  this is not the best argument if you want to include croatia in this because they could have just as easily made chakavian or kaykavian their national language . 
  or a significant russian minority to try to keep finland in check . 
  ban all religious influence from saudi arabia . 
  they are n't that different when both are followed to the core . 
  islam is obviously different from christianity , but muslims can become secular like christians did - just look at most balkan muslims . 
  mostly secular and not too different to balkan christians . 
  also called the helvetic confederation ( named after the gaulish tribe * helveti * . 
  its made up of 26 cantons . 
  the most spoken languages in order are german ( allemanic ) , french , italian ( lombard ) , and romansh . 
  even though the native languages of switzerland are different from standard german/italian/french , the language taught there is standard german/etc . 
  rather than standard allemanic/etc . 
  switzerland was originally ruled by the house of habsburg as part of the hre . 
  after the habsurg emperor at the time died , the cantons of schwyz , uri , and unterwalden separated and formed the swiss confederation in the late 13th century . 
  ticino ( originally bellinzona & lugano before uniting ) was originally part of the duchy of milan but was lost to switzerland in the early 15th century in a war between the two ( ? ) . 
  napolean freed them of swiss rule for a while but they rejoined later . 
  the austrian province of vorarlberg speaks allemanic ( the rest of austria speaks bavarian ) so they had a referendum and most voted to join switzerland somewhere in the mid-20th century . 
  because of french/italian swiss and austrian politicians against the move , this did n't happen . 
  almost every house there owns a gun which is the main reason why hitler did n't want to invade switzerland , even though he called it a country that has no right to exist ( although nsdap maps all included german switzerland as part of greater germany ) . 
  the english call them switzerland and the people `` switzers '' originally . 
  the name swiss comes from the french * suisse * in the 19th century . 
  was n't achaea originally the name for all of greece ? 
  when did it become ellada ? 
  according to others here , its not mandatory for foreign diplomat women to wear the hijab in iran . 
  so doing it willingly really makes them look like hypocrites . 
  none of the europeans living in the gulf countries ( albeit not permanent residents ) can speak arabic but the arabs going to europe speak the local language for the most part . 
  there is more to embargoing a nation than disliking them for not being feminist . 
  trade and diplomatic ties are a thing in the real world . 
  the us is n't that religious . 
  an openly atheist person could become president . 
  i 've seen people from those countries get into heated debates about that topic . 
  maybe it does n't apply to all the countries i listed , but it does to some . 
  granted , that does n't sound very creative . 
  republic of macedonia should be `` you 're basically just bulgarians , right ? '', 
  for belgium , slovakia , ukraine , belarus , and montenegro ; calling them a fake country would probably really provoke them . 
  i have to disagree on sweden . 
  swedes spam the internet 24/7 about how immigrants made sweden the rape capital of the world . 
  i would bet saying something like `` scania is denmark '' would piss them off way more . 
  the remaining 6.8 % were virtually all ethnic russians i assume ? 
  i thought strathclyde and lothian were english earlier , my bad . 
  i did n't know the exact date of when brythonic became extinct in the lowlands . 
  but most of the area was english nonetheless . 
  did n't alba conquer the brythonic and english lands under malcolm i in the mid-10th century ? 
  [ 34 % of amsterdam is foreign born . 
  ] ( http://www.worldcitiescultureforum.com/data/foreign-born-population ) not exactly a majority like i said i 'll admit , but its still very high . 
  and then when you consider the fact that a lot of the native-born population consists of turks , moroccans , etc. 
  then the native dutch population would be less than 50 % of amsterdam . 
  what was the scandal ? 
  i know about the irish settlement ( which was predated by pictish and brythonic settlement fyi ) . 
  i mentioned d\u00e1l riata in a post below . 
  however , that was only the peripheral regions of scotland , and then the scottish ( gaelic ) language spread to the highlands , but never to the lowlands where most scots live . 
  the majority of scots are from the lowlands and a mix of anglo-saxon and native brythonic just like the english . 
  the majority of modern day scotland was never gaelified/irified , only a minority of modern scotland was . 
  when the lowlands were conquered , most people spoke northumbrian english at the time . 
  the genetic makeup of all the inhabitants of the british-irish isles is very similar , including that of england , but that is because they have a common ancient ancestry . 
  my bad , i stand corrected . 
  i wonder how much the uk would help ireland in a scenario where ni votes to leave . 
  probably because many foreigners , especially from the anglosphere , post there from time to time , but are n't subscribed to it . 
  and many brits probably post there but are n't subscribed to it since almost all of reddit is english-speaking so they can just go to a different sub to express their views such as / r/worldnews , / r/ukpolitics , / r/scotland , etc. 
  whereas the netherlanders only have a single sub ( or two ) for their language . 
  also , many brits unsubscribed from / r/unitedkingdom cause the mood was too negative and left-wing ( see the comments in itt ) post-brexit but nothing of the sort is happening in / r/thenetherlands . 
  god bless them . 
  memes are so immature and annoying . 
  there are circle-jerks for that . 
  there are groups in the uk like the edl that hate muslims but do n't care about continentals . 
  i ca n't think of a single person , let alone group , that dislikes continentals but not muslims . 
  [ see this ] ( http://nottspolitics.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/goodwin-440x226.png ) on british attitudes towards islam/muslims . 
  [ source ] ( http://nottspolitics.org/2013/03/18/the-generation-gap-in-britains-attitudes-towards-islam/ ) i have n't seen anything similar towards continentals . 
  because ...  you ca n't name a single news outlet or politician from the uk that attacks continentals and is pro-muslim . 
  but there was n't an obsessive hatred for them , an apathetic one at best . 
  most muslims were seen as a foreign eastern people with an exotic culture . 
  there were anti-muslims but far less than today , and they had largely apathetic attitudes . 
  you ca n't compare that with the passionate hatred shown today in groups like edl , pegida , etc. 
  lets look at eastern europe . 
  yeah , most east euros dislike muslims but they are also largely apathetic to muslims since they are irrelevant to them for the most part . 
  hungarians think more about slovaks , serbs , and romanians than about muslims and its seen as the most anti-muslim country in europe . 
  if west europe did n't flood itself with migrants , then `` muslims are taking over europe '' hysteria would n't exist and the hatred/obsession would be * faaar * less than it is today . 
  i do n't like right-wing bigots one bit but their ideas about muslim immigration are better than those that the leftist leaders of germany and sweden possess . 
  i 'm not referring to the eu but specific places such as those in western europe . 
  natives are already no longer the majority in their biggest cities but a plurality e.g. 
  amsterdam , london , etc. 
  their capital cities have been lost and their countries ( england , netherlands , germany , sweden , belgium , etc ) are next . 
  eastern european countries in the eu are doing fine . 
  my statement does n't concern them . 
  wrong . 
  most ( not all ) of scotland was completely and thoroughly anglicized . 
  the only part of scotland that can be said to be celtic on the same scale as ireland and wales is the scottish highlands . 
  the scottish lowlands are just as germanic as england . 
  the scottish lowlands used to be part of northumbria before scotland invaded it in the mid-10th century and annexed it to scotland . 
  they used to call their language english and their identity was english northumbrian . 
  look up the scots langauge , its a language directly descended from the northumbrian dialect of old english and is closer to old english than modern day standard english is . 
  this was the main language of lowland scotland ( the vast majority of scotland 's population lives there ) before the act of union in 1707 where scotland and england merged into one country . 
  the celtic speakers of the scottish highlands are descended from an irish tribe called * scot * . 
  it started with the gaelic/irish/scottish kingdom called d\u00e1l riata that included northern ireland and peripheral scotland . 
  they then formed a united kingdom with the native picts of northern scotland and then gradually replaced the pictish language with gaelic . 
  southern scotland and england remained brythonic/english while that happened before brythonic got wiped out and the region became fully english . 
  by what measure are they more celtic ? 
  yes , scotland was celtic-speaking if we go back far enough , but so was england if we go back far enough . 
  the ancient language ( s ) of britain was brythonic which is only spoken in wales now . 
  that does n't mean it is more celtic than it is germanic .
