  what 's wrong with the term ` anglo-celtic isles ' ? 
  because there are many different european isles ( e.g. 
  either anglo-celtic isles or british isles should be used . 
  by that logic , england is n't an english country . 
  such as ? 
  how did they calculate the data for this ? 
  because the term british isles is a term for the archipelago that include gb and ireland . 
  iceland is n't part of that archipelago . 
  they 're part of the same archipelago . 
  anglo-celtic isles works as a perfectly neutral name . 
  do n't get why this one is never suggested or used . 
  can someone make a map of modern germany with the netherlands as the 17th bundesland ? 
  okay , i was aware about limburgish  is it a dying dialect/language ? 
  how well can you understand saxon ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aef8epiw_aw&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m42s ) is east frisian from germany . 
  east frisian is a dialect of saxon spoken by east frisians in groningen and the part of germany that borders it . 
  east frisians are of frisian origin but lost their language and speak a dialect of saxon . 
  can you understand what is said in the video ? 
  are some people from the saxon-speaking regions of the netherlands aware of their saxon identity or do they all think `` oh i just speak a weird dialect '' and that 's it ? 
  yeah , and it 's a shame . 
  the native language of the region is [ low ] saxon , yet no writing in saxon is present there . 
  it reported the lowest possible ofsted grade . 
  it is detrimental to the education of the pupils . 
  why should being religious allow them to have a free pass ? 
  how is that comment remotely relevant to my submission ? 
  your comment is in violation of rule 3 :  ** attacks on other users : ** stick to the topic at hand and remain civil towards other users . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6mhpuv/what_do_you_know_about_belarus/dk2ar7a/ try telling / u/leucorussus that . 
  he 's more knowledgeable on the topic . 
  why should he ? 
  the swedish mps do n't even know what the word genocide means . 
  they 're just virtue signalling . 
  which kurdish political party did he ban ? 
  what did he undo ? 
  two grown men having sex in ancient greece ? 
  can you give examples of that ? 
  in ancient times , there was no such thing as homosexuality , only homosexual behavior . 
  although it occurred in ancient times in places such as persia , greece , japan , etc. 
  ; it was viewed as a deviant practice . 
  the new testament condemns homosexual behavior in romans 1:26 -27 . 
  in the liberal mosque , can the men and women pray side by side together or is it just simply a mosque where both men and women are allowed to pray ? 
  do you have links to any polls regarding turkish views on homosexuality ? 
  most of these guys have a christian upbringing even though they 're atheist so they never try to shoehorn christianity into christian rapes like they do with muslim rapes . 
  when i mentioned christianity in the thread about the gypsy rape gangs , then they all went ham on me . 
  is it lukashenko or lukashenka ? 
  how so ? 
  if you 're gon na mention azerbaijan , then you might as well mention turkey cause of erdogan . 
  the term `` white russia '' is of western european origin , not slavic origin . 
  not comparable . 
  the swedish-speaking finns of finland are native ethnic finns , not descended from swedish migrants . 
  the reason that happens is because the swedish-speaking finns are a relatively rich minority with a disproportionate influence in the country . 
  this allows them to protect and promote the swedish language ( e.g. 
  making it mandatory in all finnish schools ) . 
  i would n't think that it would be harsh of the finnish government if it tried to ramp down the influence and status of the swedish language . 
  i do n't think it makes sense for sweden to be a mandatory language in finland . 
   you assume they are rude enough to not switch to swedish when close among swedes . 
  this may or may not be true . 
  it 's a strange assumption to make anyway . 
  it depends on how many swedes there are . 
  if there is only 1 or 2 swedes , i doubt they will all switch to swedish . 
   actually no . 
  the article specifically says that it was forbidden , not that it was a suggestion . 
  okay , my misunderstanding then . 
  i guess that makes sense since they could just ignore the suggestion whereas they ca n't ignore any demands . 
  i 'm sure a small number of finns ( e.g. 
  if it 's just 2-3 friends ) will speak in finnish with each other and nothing will happen , but larger groups will have to switch in swedish . 
  i ca n't imagine there will be a hefty punishment if the finns refuse , but just enough so that they follow orders . 
  the swedes can make attempts to fit in the finnish-speaking groups , but they will still feel alienated when they are predominantly speaking finnish-speaking group because they 'll have trouble understanding a lot of what 's going on and will only understand some parts when they decide to momentarily speak in swedish for whatever reason . 
  it is sweden 's job to encourage the integration of it 's citizens . 
  the teachers suggested that the finns should speak swedish . 
  they did n't say they should be forced to at all costs . 
  which parts of belarus were originally lithuanian but then got belarussified ? 
  probably to distinguish between the rus ' people from eastern rus ' ( non-plc rus ' ) and the rus ' people of the plc and/or to create separation between the rus ' people . 
  probably cause a very large minority ( plurality ? ), 
  of students there are finnish and the ethnic swedes feel alienated when the finns are all talking in their own language , a language they ca n't understand . 
  when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  i doubt it would be much different than what happened here . 
  they likely would n't have been fired but just receive a lot of heat for it , and they are receiving a lot of heat for their statements on finnish . 
  why are the baltics called the baltics ? 
  is it cause the color `` white '' was used to reference north in baltic languages before ? 
  how did western belarus become lithuanian speaking ? 
  was it ethnic lithuanian or belorussian ? 
  are there any parts of belarus that were originally ethnic lithuanian but then got belorussified later ? 
  what does to mean ? 
  thanks , fixed it . 
  surprised that it 's a western european given name . 
  i thought that it would have been lithuanian or slavic . 
  fixed it , thanks for the corrections . 
  btw , / u/pm _ me_your_ladyboys said that gediminas conquered all of belarus . 
  the russian empire was renamed the soviet union . 
  russia proper was created with the soviet union and called the rfssr . 
  okay , thanks for the corrections . 
  edited . 
  why does he make poland gray ? 
  explains why they 're called white russia :p, 
  * belarus ( also called * belorussia * and in more archaic english called * white russia * & * white ruthenia * ) means * white rus ' * . 
  * rus ' * is basically the old fashioned name of russia . 
  ruthenia was the latin name for rus ' . 
  rus ' , ruthenia , and russia were considered synonyms for most of history but now ukrainian and belorussian nationalists want to distinguish the terms so that they are n't seen as the same ethnic group as muscovites ( russians ) since they have a long history of being separate ethnic groups . 
  * in many different languages , colors were used to represent cardinal directions . 
  ~ ~ in slavic languages ( and probably baltic languages too ) , the color `` white '' was used to refer to `` north '' .
