  every country in the eu is different . 
  poland , bulgaria , germany , ireland , and greece are all different to each other . 
   the swiss are more conservative ( otherwise i would n't know how to explain most of your governments ) . 
  a number of eu countries are more conservative than switzerland such as poland and hungary . 
   the swiss have a different mindset and switzerland has different goals than eu countries . 
  how ? 
  yeah , but it looks better this way . 
  thank you for not writing in `` engrish '' . 
  also , the last panel looks nice lol . 
  the number of migrants kept dramatically increasing each year , so it would have gone from 3300 to a significantly higher number the next year , and then after a few years the numbers would have added up . 
   on wednesday , the swiss cabinet said it would limit b permit visas to romanian and bulgarian workers to 996 over the next 12 months . 
  the reason given was that net migration from these two countries doubled to 3,300 last year , which went against a general trend of declining immigration from the eu as a whole . 
  perfectly reasonable . 
  germans pronounce the < s  like a / z / . 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  if its too leftist , then she can make it rightist if she takes over . 
  also , why quit politics completely rather than start your own party ? 
  it seems like she either lost interest or more likely got very stressed by the job and was just looking for an excuse to quit . 
  i thought i was the only one that thought this was nothing special . 
  the anti-eu americans are just right-wingers that are against the eu cause they see it as a form of globalism . 
  most people here do n't have a negative opinion of the eu , more have a positive opinion of it than a negative . 
  nah , the only americans that are very anti-eu are the right-wingers who see it as some globalist project . 
  also , your projection of america is very exaggerated . 
  most americans know the truth about their country like other western nations , that its not perfect but its a very great place to be in . 
  i do n't think they see the eu as a threat to the us specifically , but see it as some sort of globalist project which is why they are against it . 
  what 'd he say ? 
  i do n't remember there being a paywall there before when i first posted it . 
  i 'll be sure to pay more attention next time . 
  they thought the swing states would go hillary 's way but they went trump 's way . 
  the margin of victory cnn predicted for the swing states was less than 5 % . 
  that is not comparable to the landslide victory that happened earlier in france . 
  macron was leading by ~ 30 % last night , lol . 
  this is not comparable . 
   i mean i 'll eat a dick you do n't even have to make it a bet the bet was literally eating a dried animal 's dick . 
  lol , true if that is the case . 
  i do n't know for sure though . 
  does n't saying ` mod ' automatically give them a notification or something ? 
  what a waste . 
  one vote wo n't make a difference when the candidate is expected to have a ridiculous landslide victory . 
  i guess this could have been a good excuse to visit france and celebrate macron 's win . 
  so romanian nationalists want southern dobruja but bulgarian nationalists do n't want northern dobruja even though the entire dobruja region was originally part of bulgaria ? 
  i 'm guessing you do n't support the freedom of tibetans or kurds ? 
  surprised to see some of kaliningrad left alone . 
  he did n't say ireland was as bad as ksa . 
  that 's pretty interesting info . 
  but regardless of that fact , king james was scottish and the king of the country when the plantation of ulster happened . 
  obviously not . 
  wikileaks did n't leak this . 
   hillary was ahead of trump by less than 5 % in the polls and would you look at that , the polls were right in that case . 
  the polls were mainly about predicting that hillary will win the electoral vote , not the popular vote . 
  the current leader of germany is a lutheran though . 
  the king responsible for the ni situation today was a scot . 
  no , the majority came from the scottish lowlands . 
   unless they royally fuck up , like recently what happened ? 
  okay , so the average german knows about it ? 
  because its not a talked about subject there . 
  they do n't teach it in their education or anything . 
  the city is nyc not new york . 
  the british empire 's main goal was n't to exterminate people . 
  yes , they starved millions of indians to death , but that was a side effect ( because of neglect & apathy ) rather than their main purpose . 
  the brits only conquered the world to become more powerful not to exterminate ethnic groups . 
  they did n't have any lebensraum-type goals in mind . 
  if they did , they could have done far worse . 
  the average german does n't . 
  what 's wrong with ireland having a `` low corporate tax regime '' if it works out for them in the end ? 
  his skin color is closer to light brown than to literal white . 
  why do n't we start calling europeans `` brown people '' then based on how similar they look to assad ? 
  they are pro-eu and were the loudest opponents of allowing syrian refugees into europe . 
  he has apricot skin color , not white . 
  i would n't mind if we replaced english with esperanto . 
  i do n't think he 's lithuanian . 
  i only replied because i 've seen people before call latvia a fake state . 
   yes it is , of course it is . 
  have you ever heard about something called freedom to religion , freedom to express yourself and freedom of thought ? 
  the state has no fucking business telling private persons what to do . 
  i am not inherently against those stuff , but i do believe in limitations . 
  what is the worst that could happen if there is less freedom of religion ? 
   also , the state is incompetent and ca n't choose the favourable outcome . 
  it will just be used by the majority to push their agenda . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  what agenda will be pushed ? 
  what makes the state incompetent in this matter ? 
  latvians are not a fake nation . 
  they are descendants of latgalians who were a distinct tribe/nation in the baltics with their own language and identity distinct from the lithuanians . 
  they are n't white , they 're brown . 
  cause they 're not white . 
  most of those people died either in collateral damage or were militants . 
  and just cause he stretched his arm a bit towards protesters trying to overthrow his governments does n't mean that rebels need to be funded . 
  before funding the rebels , syria was a relatively peaceful secular society . 
  now look at it . 
  some things are just left alone . 
  how do you explain the v4 countries then ? 
  hope its at least tightly monitored . 
  state atheism to some degree is not anything ridiculous when the final outcome ends up being a favorable one . 
  ah , no wonder i thought it sounded a bit asian/eastern . 
  really love this song !, 
   although i prefer it when the woman sings along :p, 
  its in their country . 
  they should be able to do whatever they want with it .
