   according the legend they chose the orthodox church over islam because it allowed them to drink alcohol . 
  was n't that napoleon ? 
  pomaks are ethnic bulgarians with a muslim background . 
  homosexuals negatively contribute to the birth rate and are over represented in pedophilia and stds . 
  we do n't need to promote that kind of behavior . 
  they can have sex in their private bedroom but we do n't need gay pride parades or teaching people that this is a legitimate sexual orientation that they are born into . 
  historically , people never identified as a homosexual . 
  it was mostly `` straight '' people that had sex with guys or girls on the side . 
  none of the `` gays '' in history were * exclusively * gay . 
  cause the concept of a homosexual identity is a modern concept propagated by the west rather than some natural state . 
  its a purely environmental thing . 
  there are goranis , bosniaks , albanians , montengerins , and serbs . 
  kosovo is directly dealing with serbia in the mitrovica issue . 
  mitrovica wants to be part of serbia rather than its own country . 
  if it wanted to be its own country , then the situations would be more similar . 
   it did n't ` win ' its independence , it was losing the war , then we got a democratic treaty signed , which they broke in 2008 , fucking over serbia and the un . 
  whatever technical term you want to call it , they gained independence in the end and became a sovereign nation . 
   lol , you really think kosovo can make demands from serbia ? 
  are you insane ? 
  there 's no way it will willingly concede mitrovica . 
  if serbia wants to gain mitrovica from kosovo without resorting to war , kosovo will try to negotiate for some land from serbia in return because mitrovica is under their control now . 
  mitrovica is not large enough so it does n't fight for its right as a separate country . 
  its only 3 districts large and fighting for the right to be annexed to a country rather than become its own country . 
  kosovo is different because it is fighting to be its own country and is much larger than 2-3 districts . 
  kosovo is a de facto country on the same scale as serbia . 
  it won its independence and is on the same level as serbia now , now mitrovica . 
  it wo n't just let mitrovica hop off to serbia without demanding concessions from serbia . 
  vojvodina is overwhelmingly serb majority . 
  i meant to say latin script ... 
  if you do n't want to use < \u0161  though , then you can use < sh  instead . 
  my point was that kosovo ceding mitrovica is analagous to serbia ceding the pre\u0161evo valley . 
  yes , but we 're using the latin alphabet :p, 
  its either preshevo or pre\u0161evo , not presevo . 
  from an outsider 's perspective , montenegro and romania seem to be doing fine . 
  no , its a good thing . 
  similar to how the pe\u0161hevo valley joining kosovo is a violation of serbia 's territorial integrity , mitrovica joining serbia is a violation of kosovo 's historical integrity . 
  the two situations are similar . 
  literally all those examples were temporary relationships between a man and young boy i.e. 
  pedophilia/pederasty , not a proper marriage-type union . 
  i 'm sure that those men got a wife once they stopped molesting little boys . 
  same sex activity did exist historically , but not same sex marriage/civil union . 
  there are no cases of a person `` marrying '' a person of the same sex and then they ended up living with each other in a romantic intimate relationship . 
  can you list some examples ? 
  and by history , i mean before 1800 ( although there were probably no such stuff in the 1800 's anyways ) . 
  the difference is kosovo is much larger than mitrovica . 
  albanian-majority pre\u0161evo and bujanovac do n't either have a right to split away from serbia and join kosovo . 
  probably just a hogwash claim to try to attack the brexit movement based on an isolated incident . 
  they probably thought they were polish . 
  pre\u0161evo and bujanovac are albanian majority districts in serbia not part of kosovo . 
  if the serb majority regions of kosovo join serbia , then by the same logic pre\u0161evo and bujanovac should join kosovo . 
  single parents do n't have kids simply because they want to raise kids , but because its a necessity . 
  the mother made some stupid decisions or got raped and then are left with raising a child while the `` father '' ran out . 
  that 's usually the case here . 
  its not like they say : * `` hmm ... the thought of raising a child sounds fun !, 
  i 'm gon na go to the adoption center/sperm bank tomorrow because i want a child but do n't need a partner to raise the kid !, 
  yes , but sometimes gay activists try to potray the modern concept of gay identity as something that has a historical basis . 
  are you seriously asking for a link that shows not having a father leads to a father complex and not having a mother leads to a mother complex ? 
  the clue is in the name . 
  so its a complete coincidence that people without fathers have a `` father complex '' and people without mothers have a `` mother complex '' ? 
  what does pis stand for ? 
  fun fact : historically no form of gay marriage or even gay civil union ever occurred in all history before modern times . 
  dating from stone age times all the way until the late 1900 's or so , gay marriage/union was not a thing in all the diverse cultures that populated this planet . 
  poland does it like how most of the world ideally should . 
  the countries you listed treat gays atrociously bad whereas the west promotes it as normal . 
  poland does n't kill gays but does n't normalize it either . 
  its not exactly terrible logic . 
  children raised by single parents are shown to have more problems than those raised with a mother and father . 
  for the most part , you need role figures of both genders to look up to and take care of you . 
  look up ` father complex ' and ` mother complex ' . 
  being raised by same sex parents can be just as bad as being raised by a single parent /, 
  most of serbia was triballi ( thracian tribe ) . 
  slavs did n't `` obliterate '' them . 
  there was no unusual mass killings , slavs were just migrants . 
  germany goes to poland , then poland goes to ukraine , and then ukraine goes to russia . 
  it all leads to russia at the end . 
  i 'm talking about western europe only , not the eu . 
  anti-muslim sentiment in eastern europe is happening in reaction to the muslim stories in the west . 
  right-wingers would n't import muslims . 
  without more muslims running around committing crimes , they would shift their focus off of muslims . 
  its not like anti-muslim sentiment will disappear immediately , but the `` muslims are halfway through conquering europe '' sentiment will take a backseat and then the rest will follow . 
  so in the long run , muslims would n't be hated . 
  remember , the ones that brought in millions of unskilled muslims was the left , not the right . 
  if the left had n't done that , then we would n't be in this situation in the first place . 
  the left has already proven themselves incompetent so the right is the only option now . 
  about 70 % of british pakistanis are descended from pakistani refugees from a single district called mirpur that came in the 70 's or so cause a dam was being built there . 
  mirpur is one of the more rural/backward districts too . 
  the places where they live tend to be most conservative . 
  they all came at once and congregated together without any attempts to integrate , and were not at all skilled migrants . 
  mirpuris live in parts of england like bristol , bradford , luton , birmingham , etc. 
  afaik , the ones in scotland and a few other parts of england are much more integrated . 
  i have n't heard much negative stuff about muslims in scotland . 
  could you elaborate on the situation there ? 
  the left is in power in most of western europe . 
  is it not ? 
  what other policies does the far right have that will negatively impact muslims ? 
  i guess you could say they are pro-israel but that 's the only thing i can think of . 
  the `` worst '' that they can do is stop mass migration from muslim counties that have a very high crime rate . 
  in the end , this decreases hatred against muslims in society . 
  the left 's policies increase hatred against muslims . 
  if the left only allowed skilled muslims and genuine refugees , then i would n't be saying what i 'm saying .
