  why would spain violate its own territorial integrity to appease portugal when its a non-issue in both countries ? 
  [ relevant . 
  they 're * very * tall then . 
  here in ny , i see women that tall like maybe 5 or so times a year , but then again i do n't go out all that much . 
  not officially but it 's a british territory so it 's de facto a part of the uk . 
  it 's to not call it part of the uk . 
  what 's wrong with norwegian tv . 
  they use donkey dick as a swear in pashto . 
  it 's common sense men would approach women more often due to feeling more safe and having a radically higher sex drive . 
  the responses in this thread seem to confirm what i said :  not scandinavian but finnish here , only people who talk to me is my family . 
   though i must stress , it is far more common for men to approach women still . 
   nah , its like the rest of the world . 
  it 's just simple human physiology . 
  being slightly less gender conforming than usa does n't mean you guys are a separate species . 
  also , i only speak for myself so do n't stereotype americans . 
  i think it 's fairer to call the rangers pro-british as opposed to anti-irish . 
  the rangers-celtic rivalry has a huge sectarian association with it going back to the day it was founded . 
  previously , no catholics were allowed to play for the rangers and no protestants were allowed to play for celtic . 
  celtic was founded by irish immigrants in scotland who were often very anti-uk and supportive of the ira . 
  rangers fans were very pro-uk and against irish separatism . 
  they sang a few sectarian songs about each other too . 
  the rangers would bash catholicism , the pope , irish people , catholics , and ireland in many of their songs which you can easily find on youtube . 
  in one song , they say `` the famine is over why do n't you go home '' and another is `` up to our knees in fenian blood '' . 
  i do n't know much about celtic songs as i have n't listened to them . 
  the rangers were also called `` the shame of scotland '' and commonly viewed as right-wing nutjobs whereas celtic supporters were viewed as terrorist sympathizers . 
  the celtic vs. rangers rivalry was basically just a sectarian catholic vs. protestant rivalry manifested in club football form that spilled over to scotland from northern ireland . 
  i dunno , i 'm not scandinavian . 
  i 'm also from the us . 
  that number would be orobably alightly higher than the us . 
  anyone that says it 's 50-50 is lying . 
  it just does n't make sense for that to be possible . 
  it would defy humam physiology . 
  how is iben thranholm viewed im denmark ? 
  ( milo is greek-british btw ), 
  there 's no way that 's true . 
  if anyone tells you it is , they 're lying . 
  women probably approach men more there than in usa , but it ca n't be anywhere close to the rate that mem approach women . 
  and i am not saying leftists are wrong . 
  pretty much everyone of every political view is saying there is a population decline in europe . 
  i only specified leftists cause they 're the ones saying you need to import migrants to make up for the population decline . 
  i use it as a term of convenience . 
  i do n't use it to classify specific people . 
  i myself would n't fall into either category . 
  leftists . 
  they said that there is labor shortage and population decline . 
  and that nobody is going to be able to pay for the pensions of old people . 
  stuff like that . 
  europe is n't overpopulated . 
  the left says that you guys need to import foreigners to make up for the declining population . 
  okay , understandable then . 
  what 's wrong with biological children ? 
  y' know , you can always just change your last name ... 
  do many dutch liberals think it 's racism or is it just foreigners that think that ? 
  ireland is lucky it has donegal otherwise it would be a lot harder for them to tell british nationalists to stop calling their country southern ireland :p, 
  irish-americans self-identity as irish because since it is already implied they are american , it becomes redundant when saying `` irish-american '' so they just simply call themselves irish . 
  since most of them came from ireland relatively recently , have very similar culture to the irish , and have not intermixed much with other european-americans ; they feel it appropriate to call themselves irish . 
  there are also some ( albeit a small minority ) with respectable knowledge of the ireland-uk conflict . 
  irish-americans helped the irish liberation against the british via funding them and even tried to incite a war by invading canada ( part of the uk then ) . 
  the term * fenian * which is used as an anti-catholic slur in the uk originates from the irish-american organization called the fenian brotherhood . 
  they were the ones that tried to invade canada and even managed to kill 22 brits in canada during the fenian raids . 
   `` rat race from the childhood '' what ? 
  i see someone did n't read my link :  `` homeschoolers are still achieving well beyond their public school counterparts -- no matter what their family background , socioeconomic level , or style of homeschooling . '', 
  also :  `` homeschooled boys ( 87th percentile ) and girls ( 88th percentile ) scored equally well ; the income level of parents did not appreciably affect the results ( household income under $ 35,000 : 85th percentile -- household income over $ 70,000 : 89th percentile ) ; and while parent education level did have some impact , even children whose parents did not have college degrees scored in the 83rd percentile , which is well above the national average for public school students . 
  homeschooled children whose parents both had college degrees scored in the 90th percentile . '', 
  what is your personal justification for homeschooling btw ? 
   but a half-baked online curriculum that teaches creationism is n't going to be better . 
  in my op , i already showed data that shows homeschoolers get higher grades on average . 
  homeschoolers score 72 points higher on average on the sats . 
  if that happens , then austria should change it 's name to baiern . 
  you may have heard it once , but really nobody in usa says southern ireland . 
  in fact , many americans would n't even know the island of ireland is divided between two countries . 
  i 've only seen british nationalists say southern ireland . 
  the korea thing does happen though lol . 
   here the state steps in , and does a research or ten and gets the values in the schools right according to current social climate , and if the parents disagree and want to raise their kids into extremists in any direction , social workers get involved . 
  what if the parents do n't want to teach their kids opinions based on the current social climate but will still teach their kids all the other necessary subjects like math , science , language , etc. 
  some pro-homeschoolers would say that public schools are trying to indoctrinate their kids into becoming liberal/permissive . 
  some pro-homeschoolers would say that public schools are trying to indoctrinate their kids into becoming liberal/permissive . 
   it just screams `` opportunity for indoctrination '' to me lol you do n't think schools indoctrinate ? 
  does he consider himself ethnic croat or bosniak ? 
  old english used to have the \u00fc sound . 
  it was represented by the letter < y  and then later evolved to be pronounced like an `` i '' after time . 
  th\u00fcring folk were called thyring by the old english . 
  the word * bridge * used to be spelled * brycg * . 
  english speakers have no problem pronouncing the german `` ch '' sound when they say the word * ugh * for some reason . 
  in the case of an independent bavaria , franconia and bavarian-swabia would not be included in it . 
   by virtue of geography i guess so . 
  what about by virtue of culture ? 
  are n't northern england and the scottish lowlands culturally closer to each other than either of them are to any other region of great britain ? 
  [ another one . 
  i think my phrasing was just really bad . 
  i meant how you guys elect the ruling party . 
  fine . 
  replace ` head of state ' with ` prime minister ' in your case then . 
  the question was mainly about electing the head of state , but you can talk about more if you 'd like . 
  since you 're against globalism , would n't you support their actions of not accepting refugees ? 
  why kick them out for doing something anti-globalist ( rejecting refugees ) ? 
  serbs that live in bosnia . 
  also , why not flair up ? 
  south asians or east asians ? 
  oh okay lol .
