  they 're semitic-speakers of sicilian descent . 
  would that actually work ? 
  i really do n't want to clean it . 
  i use chrome on my laptop and mercury on mobile . 
  i would upvote you but for some reason , been having this problem for [ over a year ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/help/comments/3tgaig/i_cant_upvote_or_downvote_on_reddit/ ) , but here 's an imaginary upvote , 
   it would have been the polish -- lithuanian -- ruthenian commonwealth yeah , i already wrote that in the title . 
  i hope diplomats start becoming professional and mature again . 
  this is embarrassing to read . 
  this is a national pride in finland ? 
  i do n't get why the irish ca n't just force the language on the whole population . 
  third world countries like the philippines , pakistan , etc. 
  have forced a minority language over the whole country so why ca n't a relatively wealthy country with a lot of resources do the same ? 
  would silesians and kashubians be able to relate with them ? 
  ( i 've heard their language is considered separate from polish ), 
  independent wallonia would probably oppress walloon and promote standard french since that 's what their government has always been doing . 
  linguistically at least , northern and central sachsen-anhalt is ( was ) more akin to lower saxony whereas those southern sa and saxony are basically thuringians . 
  the name franconian is very misleading because it implies that low franconian ( dutch ) , middle franconian ( which includes luxembourgish ) , and high franconian ( north bavaria/bd ) are all from a proto-franconian root . 
  they just have similar names by coincidence . 
  low franconian is closer to low saxon than to middle & high franconian . 
  high franconian is closer to allemanic than to middle franconian . 
  middle franconian is closer to thuringian than to high franconian . 
  low german is not linguistically classified as german . 
  that 's more a thing that applies to westerners in general , rather than just brits . 
  they should at the very least be monitored . 
   there has n't been a census since 2002 i meant that it kept increasing up until 2002 . 
   however the historical increase in yugoslavian times of the albanian population in macedonia can be explained by the higher birthrates of albanians compared to the birthrates of the local slavic population okay . 
  i am aware that we do n't know what they called themselves . 
  i just said that byzamtines called them great moravia , and that the modern name ( great moravia ) comes from foreign sources . 
  so we ca n't say a `` moravian state '' ever existed when the name morava was just a convenient name given to a region based on a geographical feature ( river ) . 
  it was just a slavic state . 
  there is no such thing as a moravian tribe . 
  slovaks are descended from the bohemian ( czech ) tribe . 
  morava was just the name of a river and the name moravia to refer to the state `` great morava '' was just a name given by foreigners . 
  no slavic people referred to themselves as `` moravian '' . 
  there is no ethnic group called moravian . 
  * megalo moraba * ( great moravia ) was a name given by byzantine greeks to refer to a slav empire and the name was based off of the morava river . 
  the people of great morava did not call themselves moravian or their empire `` great moravia '' . 
  how come the percent of albanians there keeps increasing ? 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_republic_of_macedonia ), 
  * debts macedon is the name of a region , not person . 
  you 're thinking of alexander . 
  proof ? 
  there is no such thing as `` genetically greek '' or `` genetically macedonian '' or whatever . 
  these are just cultural terms . 
  yes , but how do you know it was a result of the porus campaign ? 
  what if he just did n't want to expand anymore after defeating porus simply cause he felt the empire would get too out of control then ? 
  if that 's the case , then we should n't be praising porus for this . 
  i know alexander struggled a bit against porus , but i do n't know for sure that specific battle is what caused him to halt his expansions ( although i could be wrong ) . 
  why specify bulgarian ? 
  they are n't less slav than other south slavs . 
  the region he ruled got annexed by greece after the battle . 
  i do n't think the greeks ( under alexander ) made any attempts to comquer more of india after that . 
  but bulgarians = tatar and tatar = turk and turk = asian so macedonia was asian ? 
  that still makes the macedonian empire a slavic empire either way . 
  so great/gretea was not just a title but his last name ? 
  largest balkanite empire ever ? 
  my bad then , i misunderstood . 
  porus lost to alexander and parts of northwest india got conquered by the greeks . 
  he also spread greek language and culture in places he conquered ( see the greco-bactrian kingdom for instance ) . 
  they were considered more barbaric by greeks from the city states , but its 100 % obvious that they were greeks that spoke greek . 
  wait , was his mother greek or albanian ? 
  ali pasha was albanian . 
  there is n't conclusive evidence they were a thrakian tribe . 
  most people say they were their own thing . 
  more like a mix of native thrakians and slavs ( but mainly thrakian with likely less slav input than romanians and hungarians ) . 
  the bulgar contribution to their gene pool was very small . 
  haplogroups are mainly used to track migration patterns and see the lineage that you come from . 
  haplogroups make up something like 0.001 % of our dna and do not affect how you look . 
  you get one haplogroup ( y-dna ) from your father and one haplogroup ( mitochondrial dna ) from your mother . 
  then you pass your y-dna ( assuming you 're male ) to your child and then they pass it on to their offspring . 
  a thousand years later , your direct descendents will have your y-dna , and they can use that to track their lineage back to you . 
  however , as i said earlier , haplogroups do n't have any real bearing on how you look . 
  the dna responsible for whether you look like an iraqi or whether you look like a greek is called autosomal dna . 
  the pre-slavic population of fyrom was mainly paeonian ( intermediate group between thrakians and illyrians ) , except for pelagonia which was greek . 
  yep , and this was just a second string netherlands squad . 
  what is the orange supposed to represent ? 
  true , its not all that surprising . 
  i just had different expectations for some reason . 
  how is it taught in bosnia since there 's a decent amount of bad blood between bosniaks and serbs ? 
  because some education systems tend to be biased against certain countries . 
  do you think that albania teaches that kosovo was originally serb ? 
  i know croatia does n't hate serbia nearly as much as albania does , but still i thought they would stay silent on that topic like most western countries do . 
  but then again , the history of the balkans includes croatia , so i guess something like that should n't be too surprising . 
  interesting that sweden in the 17th-18th century was more socially progressive that russia in the 20th century was . 
   if my history professor has any idea what he 's talking about , serbs first settled in the area near today 's kosovo . 
  they teach you guys that in croatia ? 
  interesting . 
  what 's the name of that satirical show and the name of the guy doing the talking ? 
  bosnia had the banate of bosnia and kingdom of bosnia . 
  haha , reminds me of the comments section on some websites/apps when an african or asian country face a european country ( and are punching above their weight ) in football . 
  the mongols plundered eastern europe and only left europe after learning about \u00d6gedei khan 's death . 
  this sub has been anti-refugee since the crisis began . 
  italy as the unified country it currently is , is fairly young . 
  however , how old is the concept of italy ? 
   harvesting their childrens organs ? 
  i have a feeling one of these users is using the french election as an excuse to eat dicks . 
  they 're not back , but maybe the guy who you replied to does n't know they got dissolved . 
  kurds are more religious than turks and around half voted for erdogan . 
  they 'll get their money from the saudis then and become even more conservative/islamist . 
  russian version of the cia and mi6 .
