  that map 's definition of celtic is basically just where celtic languages have survived and nothing else . 
  scotland is germanic . 
  its about as celtic as england ( okay , maybe a little more than england ) . 
  even though ni has many separatists , it is also full of the most hardcore british nationalists . 
  if ni votes to leave , some of the protestants i feel are gon na take up arms to try to stop it from happening . 
  my point was to highlight the obsession with a particular group . 
  yeah , yt comments are n't the best source , but its literally millions of people commenting . 
  and since they are anonymous , they are more likely to express their viewpoint . 
  i do n't think yt is some scientific source on european views but i do n't think it should only be taken with a grain of salt . 
  if it was just a few trolls , then that would be one thing , but its not even close to that . 
  and its not just yt , other sites as well ( even reddit to a degree ) . 
  yes , i am pashtun but its nothing special or too ama-worthy . 
  i 'll do an ama if i feel like it some day , they are n't really my thing anyways . 
  you just made that up . 
  you ca n't name a single news outlet or politician from the uk that attacks continentals and is pro-muslim . 
  you just sound like an eastern euro with a victim complex . 
  yes , the us should never have supported rebels in syria . 
  the us does n't support the syrian rebels anymore btw . 
  i agree , but unfortunately this is part of war . 
  many innocents have been killed by both sides like in every war . 
  assad is a dictator who kept the country stable . 
  us supported the wrong people in syria . 
  hadi was elected as president of yemen who kept the region stable . 
  i do n't think the us is on the wrong side for supporting him against shia islamist rebels . 
  just because ksa supports a side does n't automatically mean that side is evil . 
  how so ? 
  jesus said i have not come to abolish the law , but to fulfill it in matthew 5:17 . 
  i do n't support everything the us government does , but i do n't either think everything the us does is bad either . 
  yes , its akin to russia supporting assad . 
  except this sub praises russia for helping assad but bashes usa for helping hadi . 
  how is america violating the sovereignty in this case when america is supporting the ruling government against usurpers ? 
  if anything , america is supporting the country 's sovereignty . 
  why is it an issue if ksa is supporting the ruling government against shia rebels that have been trying to overthrow the country despite no approval from the locals ? 
  what do you think about iran supporting rebels for religious reasons to overthrow the ruling government ? 
  how did ksa help make the crisis when they were supporting the ruling governmnment against rebels ? 
  if they had supported the rebels to overthrow the ruling government , then i 'd agree . 
  the us is helping saudis help the yemeni government against houthis that rebelled against yemen 's government and then took control of yemen 's capital . 
  there is bombing in every war , but you make it sound like the mission of usa & ksa is to kill as many yemeni civilians as possible . 
  romania and hungary are traditional rivals that share a border and long history so that makes sense somewhat . 
  your example would be more similar to serbia-albania or turkey-greece . 
  muslims do n't have any real connection to western europe other than the modern day migration nonsense yet wes try to shoehorn the topic of muslim migration into stuff like random metal music videos . 
  even when you ask the average right-winger from a western country outside of europe what they think of sweden , england , etc. 
  then they use it as an excuse to bash muslims . 
  before the current wave of migration from muslim nations , western europeans thought about muslims as much as they did about the indians ( hindus ) and chinese , which makes sense since they had no connection to one another ( unlike romania and hungary in your example ) . 
  and the more immigration from muslim lands ( especially considering the workers are unskilled ) , the worse it will get . 
  the < c  in cyprus , cilicia , and macedonia ( as well as others not on this map ) should be pronounced like a / k / not an / s / . 
  the only reason its pronounced like an / s / is cause english just copied the latin spellings from this map to try to make english look more sophisticated/cultured . 
  its interesting how originally asia referred to only a part of west asia but now its associated with east asians . 
  and africa referred to only a part of north africa originally but now its associated with sub-saharans . 
   so the common thread is not `` migrants '' then , meaning that it ca n't be migrant fatigue . 
  let 's say muslim migrant fatigue then ? 
  that too , but my main point was that the people migrating en masse to we ( muslims ) are far more culturally different to western europeans than poles and ukrainians are to each other . 
   by the way it 's not thousands of years of shared history , i am polish and all this has been drilled into my head . 
  you could probably say a thousand . 
  i exaggerated . 
  i should have said centuries . 
  i do n't think polish even existed thousands of years ago . 
  what are his chances of winning ? 
  do you think he can steal a lot of votes from le pen before the first round is over ? 
  no , it was n't revised . 
  the nt does n't make the ot void . 
  he 's just a cultural christian , not an actual christian . 
  the majority of people in big cities like london , paris , amsterdam , brussels , etc. 
  are born in foreign countries . 
  even if the migrants were n't ultra-religious muslims , that does n't mean europe should n't police its borders more strictly cause otherwise they 'll become a minority in their own lands . 
   more intolerant towards europeans , more tolerant towards non-europeans . 
  nonsense . 
  having muslims coming from ultra-conservative disheveled societies in mass number all at once inevitably causes problems . 
  then these problems lead to hatred against the whole religious group unnecessarily . 
  before , europeans did n't care about muslims . 
  nowadays , you ca n't find one youtube video ( regarding western europe ) without people in the comments section bashing muslims even if the video has nothing to do with immigration or muslims . 
  poland and ukraine are neighboring countries with the same religion and thousands of years of shared history and similar culture . 
  menas and germanics on the other hand ... 
  1,46 % is how some europeans write 1.46 % . 
  both are technically mutilations just like getting a paper cut and getting stabbed with a knife are both injuries , but one is far more worse . 
  fgm and male circumcision are not proper equivalents . 
  female genital mutilation is done by shafi'i muslims ( sunni subgroup ) only , its not a pan-islamic thing like male circumcision is . 
  would n't their lobbies have influence on such laws ? 
  they are incorrectly called saxons because that was the name used to refer to germans in general . 
  they are actually from rhineland . 
  it looks very complex . 
  if it had n't been replaced by cyrillic , then the letters would have been simplified over time and you guys would have your own alphabet like the greeks do . 
  there are other issues besides `` christianity is peaceful compared to islam '' cause there are christian terrorist groups that exist in africa and asia , and historically there were a lot more . 
  also , a lot of islamic terrorist attacks are tied to the geopolitical turmoil in the region rather than simply `` we want to kill infidels !! '', 
  which is why you do n't see muslim terrorists ever talking about attacking cambodia or the congo . 
  they were polish death camps . 
  obama said so . 
  okay , well the eastern part of ce ( which includes poland ) is considered a subregion of ee . 
  they use the < z  like how english uses < h  . 
  its combined with another letter to produce a new sound . 
  so * szczecin * would be * shchetsin * and * bydgoszcz * would be * bidgoshch * . 
  central europe is a subregion of eastern europe , so they 're both . 
  if it was genetic , then we would at least be able to say that them being gay was not preventable . 
  but since all evidence points to it being environmental , we can judge it as an environmental effect . 
  gays have a higher rate of stds , pedophilia , and do n't contribute to the birth rate ( no offense to them ) . 
  normalizing homosexuality just increases the rate of those stuff . 
  so to decrease the rate of those stuff , we need to get rid of the environmental factors causing homosexuality . 
  i do n't care if a couple of really thirsty guys have sex with each other in their private bedroom , but i do n't think we should put it on the sams level as straight people . 
  * scottish/british golf course, 
   you are born with it false .
