  there is no proof of them only protecting the rapists cause of pc . 
  uk prisons are flooded with non-whites so that was likely just a cop-out excuse by the cowardly cops . 
  considering that there are reports of policemen engaging in rape and helping rapists , its safer to say that the policemen themselves were not only insensitive to the rape victims , but malicious and exploitative rapists themselves . 
  * capital is reykjavik . 
  * the vast majority of the population lives in the capital . 
  * one of the least densely populated countries . 
  * they 're mainly of norwegian descent ( like the faroese ) . 
  * was part of the kalmar union , danish empire , and norwegian empire . 
  * their language is basically like norwegian and faroese but with much less influence from other languages ( especially swedish & danish ) . 
  * their language easily has the highest percentage of germanic words , so you can say its the `` purest '' germanic language . 
  * they still use the letters eth ( \u00d0 , \u00f0 ) and thorn ( \u00de , \u00fe ) , which used to be used in english until the arrival of the printing press . 
  * the norse sagas are mainly about iceland . 
  * they teach danish in icelandic schools . 
  * most peaceful country in the entire world since the rankings started in 2008 . 
  * their current football team is by far their best ever . 
  * its divided between the north american and eurasian tectonic plates without being entirely part of either . 
  * has a lot of volcanoes ( cause of the tectonic division ) . 
  * polar bears sometimes swim there from greenland , but get shot dead often upon arrival since iceland does n't want them . 
  * their current president is a historian . 
  according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015 ) , they got 23 % ( 57 seats ) in the election . 
  yes , but i heard the lib dems are even worse than last time . 
  they got 23 % in the last election but are hovering at around 10 % in the polls right now . 
  you said no one will vote for the lib dems cause of them being open borders . 
  yet a lot of folk vote for labour despite them also being open borders ( and being led by a nutcase ) . 
  the lib dems are also anti-brexit ( like a lot of the uk ) , but they do n't have a strong base . 
  they 're at about 10 % now so 0 chance of them getting close to winning . 
  this is despite the fact that corbyn has made labour unelectable . 
  do n't labour also ? 
  many authorities i heard were involved in the rape themselves . 
  so this statement does n't surprise me . 
  why is there a spoiler tag when the title spoils who won ? 
   that 's actually so communist how ? 
  next they 'll leave uefa and reclassify the british isles as part of north america . 
  yes , but all i 'm saying is that if the romans did n't colonize france , then france would not have been breton-speaking . 
  it would have spoken gaulish instead . 
  i 'm the same . 
  i never took history ( global history ) classes ever , but i know more about it than most people here cause of my personal interest in the subject . 
  celts originated in the hallstatt culture in the early iron age . 
  they are all linguistically related but not really genetically . 
  most inhabitants of west germanic-speaking and former celtic-speaking lands share the haplogroup r1b , but they belong to different subclades . 
  the ones in mainland europe got completely latinized/germanicized whereas the ones in the british isles either got germanicized ( anglicized ) or kept their languages . 
  the ones in central europe got germanicized last , i think only after the 7th century or so . 
   hmm ... must be the gauls . 
  and the germans . 
  mainly the romans , to a lesser extent the germans . 
   what surprised me is that austria is celtic . 
  i thought austrians belonged to the germanic umbrella , no offense tho . 
  austria is germanic not celtic . 
  celts just originated in austria . 
  they do n't live there anymore . 
  breton is n't native to france . 
  yep . 
  the earliest archaeological evidence of celts goes to a village in austria named hallstatt . 
   and by the way , i 'm genuinely curious , what was the proper scottish term for the ( british ) [ great britain ] island ? 
  the scottish name for the island of great britain was * alba * . 
  nowadays , it only refers to scotland in scottish gaelic but it used to refer to the whole island . 
  in english/latin/greek , the term * alba * became [ * albion * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/albion ) . 
  all i know about the svp is that they want to reduce immigration in a country that is already 25 % foreign born . 
  why are they despicable xenophobic nationalists ? 
  its not like they want to ban immigration . 
  you 're acting like they completely banned immigration from those countries . 
  why is it so bad for a country flooded with foreigners to try to impose some sort limits ? 
   against romanians and bulgarians , of course . 
  the main enemy of every western country . 
  its not only romanians and bulgarians . 
  this one article is just about them . 
  the swiss user said africans and middle easterners were already on the list . 
  about 25 % of switzerland 's population is already foreign born , so it makes sense to try to limit their numbers after so many of them keep coming to switzerland with only signs of their numbers growing . 
  besides , romanians and bulgarians are n't some fluffy teddy bears that can never do anything wrong . 
  that being said , it is a bit rash to have a simple numbers reduction . 
  it would make more sense to separate immigration from those countries between low-skilled migrants ( e.g. 
  laborers ) and high-skilled migrants ( e.g. 
  doctors ) , so switzerland receives less laborers . 
   i think i could be a successful politician in the west . 
  whenever i would implement some reform that the people do n't like , i would immediately counteract that with a new reform against romanians and bulgarians . 
  lol , just cause someone has the audacity to go against unlimited immigration from those countries does n't mean they have some visceral hatred for you . 
  get over this persecution complex . 
  bulgarians and romanians are barely even talked about by right-wingers . 
  just cause they do n't get away scot-free from criticism does n't mean that they are like jews were in nazi germany . 
  no illyria ? 
  so you do n't want poland , bulgaria , hungary , etc. 
  to be part of the eu ? 
  i can see where you are coming from , but why would you want to make it a rule to keep trashy comical english ? 
  i think making at least this change would make polandball a lot better . 
  i also like the detail to facial features and especially the arms in the op 's comic , but i can see the objection to that . 
  au contraire . 
  this comic | regular polandball : -- | : -- perfectly understandable english | garbage edgy ghetto-speak which takes a while to decipher and read nice drawing that shows facial features clearly expressing emotion while still looking like a simple ball | just a ball whose eyes slightly change hand slap to signify action | no physical action is ever shown regular polandball should be more like this . 
  the only difference is that the swiss are neutral . 
  this is why they are n't in the eu or nato . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  hungary is just one country , and the lgbt rights thing is one single issue . 
  if you believe that switzerland is the most conservative european country , then i am at a loss for words . 
  if you do n't , then it was pointless to mention them . 
  switzerland is n't uniquely different compared to eu countries . 
  switzerland and austria are closer to each other than either are to ireland or bulgaria . 
  switzerland wants to be conservative ? 
  maybe , but switzerland is less conservative than eastern europe and maybe even some countries in western europe . 
  even if hungary has a better lgbt rights record , that is just one country . 
  switzerland has a better lgbt rights record than poland and ireland . 
   i said the swiss are different .
