  that means this people had a right ( but nearly 0 % of approve if not a minority like homosexual ) to seek asylum in germany . 
  ~ ~ here is a english article in regards of magreb immigrants and crime ~ ~ . 
  edit : fuck this automoderator . 
  does n't liked this source and removed my comment . 
  i do n't know `` the local '' good enough but they use [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/kriminelle-migranten-taeter-aus-nordafrika-bereiten-polizei-sorgen-a-1071674.html ) spiegel online article as source ( german article but you may could use google translate ) . 
  [ and at last a bbc article . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35342818 ) edit : forgot a link, 
  ah the comment section never fails to entertain me . 
  i need more popcorn . 
  nah this are mostly illegal immigrants and not asylum seekers who had to flee because of a war . 
  they know that they have no chance to legally live here and because of that they do n't care about anything . 
  witnesses told the news that many of this guys where heavenly drunk in the cologne night ( probably for the first time because alcohol is forbidden in many muslim societies ) . 
  the problem is that the their countries do n't want them back and we ca n't just enter their area without permission . 
  eu tries to make a deal with this countries . . that simply means : we give them money and they take the illegal migrants back ), 
  good job !, 
  hmm ? 
  der spiegel ( not to confuse with spiegel online ! ), 
  is still one of the best weekly news magazines in the world . 
  ( my opinion ) i would choose it over every us/uk newspaper ... every time . 
  less drama and more background information + sources . 
  it seems it is not for a large part of the people in the uk : the guardian just states facts against this lie . 
  the candidates for the next pm lying again and say they will make a deal in their favor ... people still believe them . 
   well , there 's some serious butthurt from the people listed above , because they were not invited to the first , ad hoc post-brexit meeting i think that is valid criticism . 
  even ** sch\u00e4uble ** attacked steinmeier ( our foreign minister ) for that . 
  the other eu member states have their own opinions and are important for the eu . 
  there is nothing against constructive criticism . 
  germany sometimes act pretty selfish . . but so do every other eu member . 
  thats the point . 
  everyone looks at germany and if they do n't do what they want `` the blame game starts '' . 
  the problem of the eu is not germany . 
  the problem is that we have 27 member states and they all act pretty selfish . 
  the south wants euro bonds ... good luck with the nordic states ... 
  i bet denmark will be pleased . 
  germany as the strongest country is in the middle of this mess and regardless what we do , we get blamed by one side . 
  you ca n't make everyone happy . 
  people say the eu would such much better without merkel . 
  honestly i say without merkel the eu would n't exists anymore . 
  do you think germany is happy with its position ? 
  nobody is happy about our dominant position and it is n't as everything is sunshine here . 
  we have our own problems and a rising far right party ( our ukip version ) who wants the `` gerexit '' + more love for putin . 
  bashing germany is the `` thanks obama '' of the eu at this point  everything wrong with the eu is because germany controls everything ... 
  honestly ... 
  i will root for iceland . 
  i have a hearth for underdogs . 
  erdogan gives a shit about pr . 
  he 's a narcissist and everyone around him would never dare to disagree with anything he says ... 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  i have the feeling that the majority never visit the wiki of a subreddit ... 
  i 'm such a person . . shame on me . 
  the newspapers could do a much better job and report more about the parliament + interviews . 
  and not only interviews with em of the same country . 
  we have eu wide party fractions . 
  the murdoch press stands behind him so he will probably be the next pm of the uk . 
  thank god that murdoch has n't much power in my country ... 
  well . . [ i will leave this here ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jun/29/leave-donor-plans-new-party-to-replace-ukip-without-farage ) . 
  everyone can judge for themselves , 
  i 'm german and can only repeat what i read about that so far . 
  poles are biggest group of immigrants and people say they `` steal '' their jobs and drop the salaries ( black labor ) . 
  that is what i get from reddit so far . 
  this sort of people will always find someone they can blame for everything in their life :(, 
  fuck this shit . 
  i hope you will be alright . 
  britain needs strong leadership now and not inner party fights :(, 
  am i a bad person to wish him a hearth attack ? 
  probably but the world would be a better place if some people could n't `` rule '' anymore ... 
  i feel so sorry for all remain voters ... 
  he is right but funny ? ... 
  well everyone has a different taste , 
  as a german : nope nope nope nope, 
  yeah the telegraph . . the same quality press which was a good information source for the brexit campaign / s i would rather read gawker media . 
  is n't that more like : catholics = `` we are irish '' and protestants = `` we are british '' ? 
  also catholics are more left and pro eu vs protestant which are more conservative and anti eu ? 
  not an expert so maybe i 'm wrong . 
  i quite like grolsch, 
  so the main point of the critiques of renzi 's reform is that they fear that the senate would become to weak and the ruling government to powerful . 
  could someone from italy please explain the to me system a little more ? 
  was the senate effective or to big and sluggish ? 
  i found the article very informative and balanced but would love to hear the opinions from other people here , 
  of course that is n't a problem . 
  after all it is a business and if it makes profit than there is n't a problem . 
  but the vast majority of murdoch owned news has a negative eu narrative . 
  i mean how big is the difference between readers of the sun and readers of the the times ? 
  he said himself once that he hates the eu because of the lack of influence he has there . 
  but my argument was n't only about murdoch but fractions in general who would like to see the eu dismantled and why they want it . 
  sorry if i was n't clear enough . 
  in context of the usa . . well yes the wole news networks are in the bed with the parties and other rich people . 
  that happens when you have a 2 party dictatorship where the parties can be corrupt as much as they want but never have to fear a third party competition because the voting system does n't let this happen . 
  most of americas problem with the swamp in media and politics is their bad joke of a voting system . 
  and of course the parties play the identity politics card quit well so people pick their `` ideology '' site in the endless culture war and do n't waste their time to think about the real problems and why the rich rule the land like in a oligarchy . 
  well than . . the vast majority of the criminal immigrants are from north africa ( algeria , morocco etc. ) . 
  and they become criminal because they do n't get the status of asylum seeker . 
  they are actually illegal immigrants and have no right to stay . . and because of that they do n't care for the laws and become criminal . 
  we had for a long time the problem that their countries do n't wanted to take them back and we could n't just drop them there and violate international law . 
  the vast majority of the actual real refugees from iraq and syria are peaceful and do n't involved in criminal acts . 
  they do n't want any trouble and loss their right to stay . 
  [ here is one english article from bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35342818 ), 
  fox news , the sun and others are part of the murdoch empire . 
  no they are n't fascist , they are just tools of the oligarchs to exploit countries for profit . 
  tools to shape politics because they have so much power . 
  do n't know how true this is but some brits said here on reddit that their government is actually afraid of murdoch 's influence ...
