  schulz as candidate would be the better choice but against merkel ... 
  he should n't be cannon fooder . 
  the other choice would be gabriel ... . ... ... yeah fuck him , i do n't care but he could seriously hurt the already small support for the spd . 
  i mean with him as candidate i could imagine only 16 - 18 % for the spd . 
  and he would probably love another big coalition . 
  not that i love the spd that much but we need a bigger opposition . 
  the green party is weak with their new leaders and `` die linke '' ... wasted space . 
  but with some luck the fdp can get into the bundestag again . 
  at least some opposition and maybe the party is n't full of shit anymore . 
  the problem is that one individual is reasonable and respectful but the mob is stupid and ignorant . 
  people want to get taken seriously as equals . 
  but the problem with the mob is that enough people do n't want discourse , they want scream and yell . 
  and there are always people in the background who use the mob for their own goals . 
  as an example : pegida 's `` leaders '' constantly feed the narrative that everyone looks down on them and make fun of the people there . 
  the evil lying system press want to suppress them . 
  and so people there are full in their own victim complex and get manipulated by neo nazis . 
  when a politician tries to speak with them , the crowd will scream him down , because they `` know '' already that he looks down on them . 
  he 's the enemy . 
  their organization leaders said this already a thousand times . 
  it is always the same tactic . 
  separate the people from other opinions and let them self radicalize in their environment echo chamber . 
  i would n't say thought policing but america has a problem with discourse . 
  there is no real communication between the two parties anymore . 
  [ see my other comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5dx9tx/notorious_rightwing_american_website_to_expand_to/da82fgz/ ) . 
  and this leads to blant generalization which than leads to radicalization . 
  the same goes for the media there . 
  there is only `` us vs them '' , no third opinion or compromise . 
  no huffpo is shit like breitbart . 
  the problem with you brits and americans is that you can only see things through your narrow `` us vs them '' view . 
  i can understand that , because you have in the end only 2 parties with chances . 
  so it is natural that people who disagree probably are from the `` other '' side . 
  and that is the reason why the political discourse in the uk and usa has the quality level of a youtube comment section about a `` xbox one vs ps4 '' video . 
  every time someone criticizes something the counter is `` whataboutism '' or `` but your side did x and y ! '' . 
  the reality is that the discourse in many countries is more diverse and based . 
  many countries in europe have more than two parties ( and with that political opinions/voices in the public ) they can choose from to get a better representation . 
  and if enough people do n't fell represented from any party , chances are there that a new party will rise . 
  yep she 's now minister of defense . 
  back then she hold the position of the minister of families ( or whatever the correct english translation is  ) . 
  it was some years ago . 
  blocking porn is just the beginning for getting a foot in the door . 
  just wait there will come more after some time . 
  our idiotic zensurlua ( von der leyern as family minister ) tried this once with `` blocking child porn '' . 
  but the public was n't so stupid how she thought they where and was highly skeptic ( also this helped the pirate party to rise ) . 
  but her argument was child porn , not perfectly legal and normal porn like it is in the uk ... 
  seriously i saw pro bexiter ranting about the all controlling eu but it seems the uk is way more extreme on that point . 
  [ had to think instantly at this great piece of art ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siw-maikvta ) :d rip detlef kleinert sadly only german dub, 
   there 's also a simulator game well of course !, 
  why i 'm not surprised by this anymore ? 
  i could never survive in norway ... 
   violent gang rape ? 
  what ? 
  yeah that exists . 
  but it is a tiny percent of the overall rape . 
  we are here not in india and have gang rapes on a regular basis . 
  same like child abuse . 
  the majority of this cases is not the stranger that offers the kids candy in his car . 
  it is sadly a person close to them , like a family member . 
  the most disturbing stuff is not visible for the public . 
  there where people who voted for trump because they feared with hillary they would get ww3 because of the conflict with russia in syria ... 
  in fact i heard this `` hillary = ww3 '' a lot from trumpsters ... 
  well good that we do n't live in a direct democracy where the mob has the last word , right ? 
  people say a lot of stupid shit , you should know that ... we are here on reddit after all . 
  i read sometimes stupid stuff that let me seriously doubt in voting rights without a iq test ... 
  the vast majority of rape is happening in families or the closest social circle ( like neighbors or good friends ) . 
  at least in industrial nations like the west , east europe , japan , south korea etc. 
  you know ... 
  i was against the military coup because , even if erdogan was a piece of shit , he was the elected leader and i believe in democracy even when i do n't like the elected person ... 
  but now i really wish he would just die . 
  i mean this serious . 
  maybe without him the akp would finally loose support and the turkey had at least a little chance to save the last pity rests of their democracy . . if there is anything left . 
  i have no illusions that this would change anything for us but at least the people there had a chance to improve their life . 
  personally i would n't be totally against it . 
  there are some points which had to be answered before but i 'm not totally against it . 
  would be nice but will probably never happen ... 
  yup they have a deep friendly connection to russia and do n't want to see or hear that russia today is sponsoring the right extremists . 
  the whole party is wasted space in the bundestag at this point . 
  they lost many protest voters and have no answers for the questions of today or the future . 
  their mindsets are from the past before the globalization was a big thing . 
  come on that is even worse !, 
  a commissioner position should n't be seen as garbage pill for dumb waste . 
  this man is such an incompetent idiot . 
  no but it is n't a good start for a conversation . 
  i mean if you do n't see the other side as the evil enemy , a little bit politeness and common respect does n't harm . 
  i know you brits have a different debate culture ... we all saw where this lead you guys , did n't we ? 
  screaming and living in your echo chamber while the other side was literally hitler . 
  the brexit debate was a complete train wreck from both sides . 
  same goes for the usa election . 
  how sweet a passive aggressive smart ass text . 
  and that from a account who is only 9 days old . . and already has so much karma !, 
  you either just a keyboard warrior acting like a total asshole or a just a fake account from a right wing nutjob , pretending to be the most arrogant negative stereotype left wing possible . 
  sorry i 'm not interested in a discussion with you . 
  you have to find another person for your insults . 
  i bet you find enough people who will take the bait . 
  seriously i wonder if you guys are just right wing extremists fake accounts who pretend to be arrogant left wing assholes to get people more angry . 
  i mean i have seen trumpster who pretended to be racist blm supporters on reddit and other stuff . 
  you know i heard that people lie on the internet ... 
  shocking !, 
  damn you answered faster than i could edit some of my spelling errors  i say as long we do n't get another big coalition i will not complain . 
  but i 'm really concerned . 
  you would think the spd learned their lesson last time and the party itself said that another big coalition would n't happen .
