  big chunk of the english press/media ( us + uk ) seems to be heavenly biased . 
  i find that the press in france , germany and the netherlands is more based . 
  of course they also are biased ( 100 % objectivity does n't exist ) but there is huge difference how strong this bias is . 
  thanks i saved your post and will from now on link to it whenever i see `` omg !, 
  eu wants turkey to join !, 
  omg the civilization will end because of stupid evil eu . 
  worse than hitler !!!! '', 
  will save me time , 
  yup you are right about that and yet i wish in general that twitter would n't exist . 
  it is such a toxic wasteland and the number one tool for propaganda + radicalization . 
  of course reddit has also a big problem with echo chambers and radicalization but i see twitter as the bigger problem . 
  nah they are one the same insane level . 
  trump seems also into conspiracy theories and imaginary enemies ( `` the election is rigged '' ) . 
  but erdogan has more total power over his country than the president of the usa would have . 
  well we are here on reddit ... `` hating x but absolutely no knowledge or experience '' is 90 % of reddit when it comes to politics  ps : i like your name . 
  my serious advice ? 
  less social media . 
  i did it and feel much better . 
  the constant news feed of information is giving you no time to get a break and think about the topics . 
  i see so many people always on the edge about everything without a break . 
  no wonder they get more and more fearsome . 
  the situation now is n't worse than it was in the 70 's - 80 's . 
  i watched about a hour ago a short report about in germany trained islam theology students who want to become imams and that many of the muslim organizations do n't offer them jobs . 
  especially the turkish dominated ones . 
  i totally support such a effort eu wide . 
  it 's all about power and politics . 
  edit : turkish !, 
  not `` turkey '' . . stupid me :p, 
  sometimes i think we need a transparent debate about quality control and blacklists on this sub . 
  in these days everyone can make false statements and 90 % of the people here just read the dramatic headline . 
  at this point afd has become far right . 
  they started as liberal $ skeptic right wing party but the nutjobs and far right mobbed the liberals out of the party and took over . 
  they are our version of trumpsters with the difference that they are anti- american and pro putin . 
  lol sigmar gabriel said that . 
  just ignore this guy / r/europe . 
  nobody takes him serious anymore , he is a spineless opportunist that changes his opinion with the wind . 
  the spd needs to remove their incompetent leaders . 
  gabriel and steinbr\u00fcck are incredible weak politicians . 
  he 's mostly interested in a weak eu . 
  it 's the main competitor of his [ eurasian union . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_economic_union ), 
  no wonder , he 's a [ jesuit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/society_of_jesus ) . 
  they always where `` social justice for the poor and minorities and fight against corruption '', 
  yeah but there is also the warning that people should n't post their address public . 
  only as answer with a pn . 
  i think the difference was that we had n't social media and noticed all the crap . 
  there where always conflicts somewhere . 
  the loud guy is insulting the guy on the roof , he calls him `` kanacke '' which is a racial slur against arabs/turks . 
  the killer responds `` i 'm german ! '', 
  `` i was born here '' and something about therapy and `` because of guys like you i needed a gun '' . 
  he has clearly a perfect german accent . 
  i have the feeling that this guy has gone mental ... 
  because they give a fuck about that . 
  it 's just a opportunity to push their agenda . 
  the bodies are n't even cold . 
  they give a shit about victims . 
  just a bunch of pathetic assholes ... 
  or it was n't a islamic suicide terrorist . 
  there are mixed infos out right now . 
  could also be organized crime ... 
  stay safe . 
  hope the police get the situation quickly under control . 
  and that 's the reason why we need a standardized army or defense union . 
  not a wild defense pact . 
  a standard equipment for troops and vehicles . 
  not the chaos we have right now with 27 member states . 
  standardization & cooperation would also save us money . 
   nuked germany : , (, 
  hell no there are enough nutjobs out there who could become leaders in the future and i do n't want to give this people the chance . 
  do n't be illusive about that . 
  europe has it 's own dangerous people . 
  give us a strong eu army or at least a strong defense union but never ever many little countries with a nukes ... 
  / r/islam is a mixed bag from my observation . 
  i think that 's because of all the different nationalities there . 
  the sub can be pretty conservative one day and the other extremely progressive ( for a religion ) they are n't totally pro erdogan . 
  but they where pissed that / r/worldnews cheered for a undemocratic coupe and they get heavy brigaded by the / r/the _ donald . 
  it seems that many did n't know much about erdogan before that but i see some concerns about his purge now . 
  i have often the feeling the same goes for people of russian decent . 
  at least in my country are many people who sympathize with putin . 
  seriously i have a hard time to believe that all this people here are serious . 
  as if we there some sort of inhuman monsters . . ... ah forget it some people see us probably as that . 
  `` 4th reich !!!! '' ... 
  just wow the amount of distrust and mean spirit is amazing . 
  the sad part is that the eu is europe 's only chance to stay relevant in the future . 
  the western dominance is going to end and nobody gives a shit about germany , france , poland ( + all the others ) alone ... 
  i think you underestimate the power of such words in world politics . 
  alone that he talked about this can led to more militarization ( in the south chinese sea as an example and there is lot of tensions already ), 
  seriously the whole world seems crazy right now , i do n't like this . 
  too many things happening at once ... 
  in context of what i 'm all for a eu defense army/union . 
  we took the stability from the nato as given . 
  there are concerns about aggression wars but i think we ( europe ) need to project power in this times . 
  is n't sarkozy the past ? 
  i mean i see him as an politic-zombie . 
  no problem i can understand that totally and you are right . 
  i think i 'm still a little over sensitive after the nice attack . 
  reade enough comments aka `` final solution '' and my neighbor is a good friend of mine . 
  no you mean turks or arabs . 
  or better the culture there . 
  my neighbor is muslim but guess what ?
