  do n't dehumanize them as an enemy . 
  regardless we have to do something with our refuge policy and the constant stream of people but it 's not like their is an easy solution . 
  and if some people think they can play `` mob police '' . . well they are the same as the isis scum . 
  we do n't live in the stone age . 
  maybe this sounds a little bit naive but could this be a another from of terror from isis ? 
  they do n't have to kill people to spread fear ... 
  i 'm angry but i hope that nobody now attacks innocent people . 
  ah come on , as if the racists are interested in facts . 
  there is a line between critic ( which i 'm totally ok with ) and to demonize all the refuges as potential rapists and threat . 
  and now they spin of their lore of `` people are n't allowed to say the truuuuuuuth !!! '', 
  it sucks that i now have to distance myself from this nut jobs in every discussion . 
  this people are scum . 
  yeah fuck the eu !, 
  poland is strong and needs nobody . 
  / s seriously ... pis is doing the same shit that putin does in russia and erdogan in turkey . 
  i really do n't get it how people do n't see it . 
  its not like we do n't have experience with such things and ca n't predict things . 
  everyone in the west has a problem with the actions of pis and is worried . . even the usa . 
  hey maybe this is n't all propaganda by the german media ? 
  here is a good [ post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3zgy32/polands_ruling_conservatives_clash_with_eu_over/cymlc1x ) with the problematic things pis has done . 
  but hey i 'm just a german citizen . 
  its not like germany has experience with voting a nationalistic party who make our land great again and defends it against the french who just want to put us down / s, 
  welcome on the fence :p, 
  nope that is n't how it works if you do n't want to live in the stone age with mob justice . 
  you can act like a total asshole and jerk . 
  if someone would punch you for a cruel insult ( and everyone would say that this was morality right ) , you can sue him because he harmed your rights . 
  dehumanizing the enemy is common practice . 
  the death of innocent civilians is just `` collateral damage '' i do n't say that we have to save them and should never use drones but i do n't agree with such a simple statement `` they are no longer humans so lets just kill them . '', 
  human rights have to be absolute for everyone , even people who act like monsters . 
  if you make exceptions they are worth nothing anymore . 
  well it could be a problem in the terms of laws . 
  even this people , who are dangerous fanatic nutjobs ( and the world would be a better place without them ) , are citizen and therefore have human rights . 
  if we are actively try to kill them with drones in a non-combat situation . . well the state would actively assassinate citizen which it declares as a threat . 
  you ca n't abandon your citizenship its your universal right . 
  this has nothing to do with sympathy for the murder scum but i would find it horrifying if the state could legally assassinate citizens which it declared as threats . 
  it depends if the target is in combat and resists but i see a drone strike as a assassination most of the time . 
  the name `` gas gerd '' is pretty well known in germany . 
  that is a fair point . 
  i used the f-word because of the extreme language they are using . 
  i really believe that they would oppress ( or even destroy ) every opposition and establish a quasi one party dictatorship ala soviet union , if they could do it tomorrow . 
  we see how things are in turkey and russia . 
  but i think your are right , regressive authoritarian would be a better description . 
  both are a breed from [ wahhabism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism ) , saudi arabia 's second best export hit ( the first is oil ) . 
  all the lovely radicals in europe ( and mostly the rest of the world ) come from mosques sponsored by saudi arabia . 
  this !, 
  this post needs more upvotes !, 
  i dare to say that not the islam itself is the big problem , it is [ wahhabism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism ) . 
  this cancer breeds most of the islamic terrorism . 
  omg this is so hilarious and . . sad because its true . 
  [ but we will be very very angry with them and write them a letter to tell how very angry we are ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uipsviz9nds ), 
  well i assumed that you ( `` just promise to choose pro-german politics next time and hire all of the former media propagandists ? '' ), 
  think that poland gets criticized here because your current government is n't pro-german government . 
  it was n't my intention to say that you hate the german people . 
  yup i think pis is dangerous for your democracy . 
  it seems po was n't innocent too but after everything i read so far in the international news ... 
  they probably want the putin way of democracy . 
  alone the difference between true pole and bad pole should be a trigger warning . 
  putin defends his russian values against vegans and bikes and people with different opinion ( opposition ) . 
  but hey the people can `` vote '' in russia so everything is alright / s edit : changed pol to po, 
  i do n't care if you anti-german ( [ you are going to love us !!!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwp60eyuie0 ) ) thats your choice but pis seems to be a bunch of paranoid fascists . 
  is n't there a other alternative between the former party and pis ? 
  and would n't it be better the government ( regardless which ) would have less influence on the media ? 
  well i 'm not happy with the current situation and say it without being called a nazi . 
  on the other hand i do n't blame the immigrants for their situation and elucidate my points of criticism . 
  there always be idiots who scream nazi to silence everything and there will be always nazis who whine about censoring and gutmenschen . 
  the whole lore of the `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' and `` people are afraid to say the truth '' is bullshit . 
  just do n't go pegida ( `` all of them just are here for the welfare , they will rape our children and they will force us to convert to islam ! '' ), 
  when you talk to people . 
  yeah but its not like this people who get asylum can stay here forever . 
  i do n't blame this people , i blame our government . 
  its not like nobody warned that could happen years ago , but merkel did her thing ... nothing . 
  we should have use money to build refugee camps in the neighbor countries and support this countries . 
  it would have cost less and had helped more people . 
  not only the beer , 
  [ did n't you know that the nazis are already on the dark side of the moon ?!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py_indubcxc ) :-p, 
  i prefer diebels or grolsch !, 
  well nothing is better than a new enemy who distracts the people from other problems . 
  its really sad . . 
  i mean your democracy is pretty young . 
  look how quick the weimar republic died . 
  i have not the right to judge but i find the events of the last weeks a little bit worrying . 
  just my subjective opinion . 
  but ... but ... 
  i thought our media is a censoring leftwing cesspool and people get silenced and they can nothing do about that ? 
  that 's what reddit told me so often !, 
  did n't you know that the cologne scandal took ** years ** before the press finally spoked about it ?! ... 
  ... well reality was more like 24 hours after the night before the first local news reported . . but hey the almighty reddit experts know my country better than me , so i guess i 'm just blind . 
  sure but somewhere is always a line . 
  or do you think people do n't radicalize with such extreme language ? 
  i bet the media had no influence when a young politician woman got shoot from some crazy from the other side in the uk while the brexit debate was everywhere . 
  totally not related with front pages who have the picture of a judge with the headline `` enemies of the people '' ... or just covering made up stories for clicks and outrage ... 
  ... everyones taste is different  i started yesterday to watch overlord . 
  not a new show but did n't know about it . 
  dude get sucked into his mmorpg and leads as op max level skeleton king his armies against the new world . 
  enjoy it so far . 
  i really hope that the opposition will get their shit together . 
  i ca n't believe how fast pis fucked things up . 
  if i remember right they want a complete different society in poland and think everything after the independence has gone wrong , right ?
