  oh of course i agree . . 
  i probably misunderstood you because i had the impression your point was that this news lying so openly that people easily realize that something is fishy . 
  sorry for that . 
  many fake pro trump / anti- hillary news where also obviously false but even the author was shocked that people shared them and took them for true without any fact checking . 
  there was a interview in the washington post a couple days ago . 
  ps : and why did he wrote the news ? 
  because he made a lot of money with advert , if you believe him/her something like 10k a month ( many different fake news sites ), 
  let 's just guess how fake news will evolve . 
  for now we only think about russia but i think fake news will be a common thing in modern hybrid warfare . 
  i saw an article in spiegel online 2 days ago about how a fake news lead to 18 % loss of stock value for vinci ( europe biggest construction concern ) . 
  fake news will become a big weapon in the future . 
  we seriously need to balance this out because both extremes can lead to the downfall of the free society ... 
  i 'm not happy about this . . but i ca n't lie about the evidence we have already with social media ... edit : some typos, 
  you can dislike his positions but schulz is a intelligent man who can clearly explain his viewpoints , if you are willing to listen . 
  i do n't agree one everything but i can respect him . 
  gabriel on the other hand ... 
  not really . . you could say he 's our version of hillary clinton but his behavior makes him even more unlikeable . 
  ok maybe this comparison is a little extreme but it is closer than gabriel = = merkel . 
  it is n't about the brexit debate . 
  the problem existed a long time before you even discussed the referendum . 
  the remain campaign was really bad . 
  your whole british society got this extreme negative image of the eu for at least 20 years . 
  it was n't only pro brexit people , the majority of the uk has this negative image . 
  20 + years of negative reports about hilarious eu regulations ( often only the half truth but it sells well ) . 
  if you believe a reporter who was in bruessel ( edit : [ here is the article if you are interested ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/22/opinion/who-is-to-blame-for-brexits-appeal-british-newspapers.html?_r=1 ) . ), 
  in the 90s , the newspapers actually ** do n't wanted any non-negative ** reports . 
  the majority of the british wanted only negative stories . 
  or has any newspaper every reported about the accomplishments and pros of the eu beyond the weak remain campaign economy claims ? 
   `` we must stay because our economy will collapse , that is the only reason ... we think '' things like civil rights for privacy ? 
  if i look at your governments attempt to block normal porn ... 
  i bet they are quite happy that there will be no eu charters or annoying complaints about breaking civil rights . 
  or look at poland where the government tries to make abortion nearly illegal . 
  of course the eu has n't as much power as i personally would wish for but the reason is simply because nation states like the uk where always against more influence . 
  than there are other things like funding and developing regions your government always ignored . 
  the eu is far from perfect but your media only painted a dark image without the good things and that now for a very long time . 
  no wonder that brexit won , you guys never really knew the eu you heard only the bad stuff . 
  i do n't blame you for your voting , it was your free decision but it is just sad that the majority of your media is utter sensationalism garbage at the bottom . 
  sorry but saxony is really special ... it had always a strong brown problem ... 
  no problem sweetheart !, 
  but you should send your request to a actual mod . 
  i 'm sure they will help you out if you ask nicely , 
  of course because she is always in the center of everything . 
  she gets shit from every site for things she did ( or did n't ) . 
  i seriously believe that she is sick of everything and the only reason why she did n't retire is that there is nobody . 
  everyone likes to shit on her but who should lead after her ? 
  all what i saw so far is a bunch of egocentric leaders who ca n't work together on anything . 
  thats the general problem of the eu . 
  maybe france 's next president can help . . if it is n't le pen and the finally death of the eu ... 
  i feel sorry for you if you really think that every politician is like trump . 
  no trump just does n't care for things like human rights , democracy or moral . 
  he 's the poster child of feral capitalism . 
  he only cares about results/profit but not under which conditions it got archived . 
  many other far right wing politicians are similar ( maybe not this extreme ) , trump is just honest about it . 
  people like him would n't mind to live in a dictatorship as long they are on the right side and profit from it . 
  same for our greens . 
  with some exceptions , the far left wing of the party has taken over the party . 
  does n't help that the current leadership is extremely colorless and weak . 
  do you think people are against federalization because the eu is too big and diverse or in general ? 
  like when the netherlands would combine their ministry of foreign relations and/or the ministry of defense with germany or another neighbor ( so far as i can see you guys do n't hate us anymore like in the early 90s :p ) ? 
  the border is n't that far far away and it seems that people get along pretty well . 
  just curios here because many people i know seem to be afraid of more integration because of the sheer size of the eu by now . 
  populism is a sweet poison that works slowly . 
  the british press reported only about the bad stuff in the eu and painted a picture of faceless autocrats who want to control every aspect of your life . 
  they did this for a long long time now . 
  because this stories sold newspapers . 
  and now the sweet poison is finally damaging . 
  i would argue that everyone who actually read british newspapers , knows that the british press is one of the worst in the west ... in terms of sensationalism and `` clickbait '' . 
  i guess one reason is murdoch and the extreme competitive market there . 
  colorful bashing sells better than boring objective reports . 
  sadly i see this as evidence that unlimited free speech also can be completely exploited and kill the free society in the end . 
  in this case it is not the government but multi billion corporations ( and other states who have a interest in a weak eu ) who pull the strings . 
  oh do n't worry . 
  twitter is in deep financial troubles , they never found a way to make profit and relayed on money from investors who trusted them . 
  but the patience ends and the investors realize that twitter is a hole without bottom . 
  nobody wants to buy them . 
  that 's the reason why they shut down vine . 
  like myspace ... twitter will be in the near future . . history . 
  and live will go on as if twitter was n't that important for the world . 
  people will find alternatives if twitter had really unique features ... 
  well ... 
  i have no idea if i 'm honest  personally i think left + right are outdated and limited concepts but if i had to use a description , i guess `` left wing '' and `` right wing '' are neutral , right ? 
  sorry off topic but since when are we all here using the term `` leftists '' ? 
  from what i get it is a slur from conservatives in the usa ? 
  thanks france !, 
  here is a little tip . 
  it may be surprising for you as a american but we give not a single shit about clinton . 
  nobody cares , she is a corrupt unsympathetic politician and lost against a restarted narcissist . 
  so could you guys please stop with this weird clinton obsession ? 
  it is the independent ... what do you expect ? 
  without reddit this awful side would n't probably exist . 
  but it generates many clicks and link karma , does n't it ? 
  who needs quality when we can spam the subs with independent `` articles '' , 
  would be nice but the sad truth is that there still conservative people who are opposed to that for stupid reasons . 
  with the afd around the corner i doubt that the cdu would legalize gay marriage with complete equal rights . 
  ( we have gay marriage under other name with lesser rights ) it would strengthen the afd . 
  i know that sucks : / i think the best option would be the constitution court . 
  i do n't think that everyone who downvoted you was a german  ( by the way i do n't downvote for simple opinions ) we have already a official internet law for this . 
  search for poe 's law . 
  sarcasm does n't work well without voice and body language :p, 
  my only problem is : what will the spd do ?
