  `` divide and rule '' well thats depressing ... 
  i think i have a higher chance to get a unicorn with laser eyes !, 
  its mostly about `` wear custom and get drunk '' and for boring people `` get drunk '' . 
  lets be honest a lot of these type of comments are probably from very young people who know nothing about the world and politics . 
  do n't expect that some people here think about the consequences when they say something . 
  thats freedom of speech , even if some of these comments let your brains scream . 
  because lebanon has 1.846.150 refugees , mostly from syria , ( [ source from the unhcr ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e486676.html ) ) compared to a total population of 4.467.000 people . 
  that causes massive problems for such a small land . 
  problems so big that our actual refugees crisis is a joke compared to their situation . 
  we really should help them more out . 
  if the lebanon becomes unstable . . you know where people will go next . 
  we should really put money in the hand and help them out , the alternative could costs us much much more ... 
  nope he got voted out because he lost the trust of the true leader , [ ali khamenei ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ali_khamenei ) . 
  nothing goes against his will . 
  and believe me he does n't like the west at all . 
  nah its just puts a tap on the pot which will explode someday . 
  look at sisi in egypt . 
  incompetent would be in this case one of the nicer descriptions . 
  hey the land has really big problems but do you know what is important ? 
  [ to build a new capital city from the scratch for the ruling class !, 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/sisi-wants-to-build-new-egyptian-capital-city-a-1061074.html ) i do n't think that this guy is a pillar for stability . 
  i bet in 10 years we will have immigrants from eypt , because this idiots found it more important to build a expensive new capital rather than to use the money to fix the many problems the land already has . 
  not that mursi was better . . lol, 
  ah look another click bait article just to generate outrage for / r/europe . 
  what a surprise / s seriously the telegraph is `` the guardian '' for the right wing and both are piss poor click bait outlets . 
  i 'm sorry ignore him . 
  he is probably another racist sock-puppet account . 
  look at the comment history . 
  quit a lot these days . 
  you are one of the worst trolls i have ever seen . 
  even your name is too much . 
  you can do better than that !, 
  merkel is worse than cameron ? 
  haha good joke  i 'm not a fan of merkel but i would choose her instantly over david every time . 
  you forgot our famous humor !, 
  you should visit dortmund or some middle towns in sachsen . 
  i heard leipzig had a big [ `` party '' ] ( http://www.presstv.ir/detail/2016/01/12/445443/germany-leipzig-legida-pegida/ ) this week . 
  exactly : if you say nothing you ca n't say something wrong  and our opposition is really weak . 
  the green party ... ha good joke , the left ... 0_o and the spd ? 
  well gabriel is an idiot and the party does n't know where their place is anymore . 
  i fear the post merkel era ... what will come ... ursula von der leyen ? 
  omg please no ... 
  haha . . `` germans ... germans everywhere ! '', 
  its nicer than i thought . 
  i expected something like `` mordor '' , 
  that or the fact that some self declared vocal atheists act like jerks and try to lecture people . 
  thats the problem . 
  it needs just one bad apple to spoil the whole bunch . 
  its not fair but thats how the world works . 
  you are not alone , 
  seriously that is nothing new . 
  the majority was n't happy about the situation from the beginning . 
  the refugees welcome was just a shock counter reaction too the neo nazis who where casting fire on asylum seekers hostels . 
  racists and left nutjobs are trying to piggyback every argument and we ca n't have rational debate without labeling and generalization . 
  you made my day :'d, 
  if i read all this comments from poles . . 
  i could think that poland has a big inferiority complex . 
  i always thought that poland would become a important partner in the eu because of its successful economy , size and position . 
  i do n't know any person who really looked down on poland . 
  and here we go again ... 
  i feel you . 
  i could n't imagine all this horror and friendliness !!, 
  here i hope this upvote will cheer you up !, 
  yeah it 's not like that homosexuals or people who are just too different have to worry with all this salafists , who even killed a leader from the opposition / s pro tip : maybe you should n't call people scumbag if you do n't know anything about them . 
  was it with strangers at a bus stop or station while the weather sucks ? 
  talking with friends or acquaintance does n't count !, 
  ;d but to be fair we are friendlier in the summer months !, 
  ps : i want to see the sun ... everything is gray here ... 
  as if we germans were that much better ;d, 
  that 's just the outrage culture of social media . 
  we are doing the same here and are angry because of this idiots . 
  why are we taking twitter serious ? 
  we give this idiots power if we taking twitter bullshit serious . 
  the media does this just for clicks so i will not give them that . 
  twitter is a cancer and should die . 
  my opinion, 
  thats right , they have no direct control but regardless of that it has a huge influence in the world since the 70s . 
  without all this radical mosques , financed by saudi arabia , islamic terrorism would n't be such a huge problem . 
  it 's like when america would finance the westboro baptist church around the world with billions of dollars . 
  it would change and influence christianity ... not in a good way . 
  lol do you really believe reddit is that much better ? 
  :d most of the time the headlines are provocative click bait and many people even just do n't bother to read the content and just write a comment ... i do that sometimes too !, 
  ps : but at least we are n't gawker !, 
  let 's be honest saudi arabia is the main sponsor of islamic terror . 
  they are the sponsors of [ wahabnism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabism ) and they spreed this cancer around the world with petrodollars . 
  we had a lot less problems without them . 
  i have a article from a syrian refugee who says something similar , if you are interested . 
  it seems google translate does n't work or i 'm just to stupid to do it right , sorry . 
  nah i can understand / u/balkan _ latino but his/her statement does n't help there where plenty of downvotes for people who had just a different opinion or asked questions . 
  or just asking people to not generalize every muslim refuge as an enemy of our society , because of their culture . 
  ( no joke there was such a statement ) there was much anger and emotion ... not the best components for a rational debate . 
  i hope we are past this and can respectful discuss things again , without labeling and outrage . 
  yeah i agree but what has this to do with the discussion ? 
  he/she said that this people ( a minority ) are a insane and a threat to us all because of their opinion . 
  i do n't share their viewpoint but i do n't use such extreme words . 
  freedom of speech does n't defend you from critic . 
  i find it quit amusing that some people make fun of the left wing nut jobs ( sjw ) but have no problems at all , to use the same victim defends tactics if they get criticized . 
  self reflection anyone ? 
  i did n't call this guy a racist . 
  he is saying that i called him a racist .
