  they seriously burning bridges right now . 
  do n't care if your government is contra germany or eu skeptic ( that is alone poland 's decision after all ) just not such dangerous nutjobs like pis : - /, 
  i do n't think everyone is a paid troll ( but they exist ! ) . 
  it is just that we have pretty simple people who want easy answers and solutions in the complex world . 
  but we do n't live in the good old times anymore where everything was alright ( talk about nostalgia pink colored glasses ) . 
  add to this that many of this people are older and some people from the old ddr time , have fond memories of the good russians ... 
  they probably miss the better simpler times . 
  times where china and others states were n't wealthy and a competitor for us . 
  putin is for many people their ideal image of a strong competent leader . . 
  yes there are enough people in the world who want a strong leader that takes care of all their problems . 
  sadly there will always be this kind of people . 
  this people just want to believe the lies about our `` l\u00fcgen presse '' ( lying press , system press ) . 
  i mean the pro- russian voices get countless times chances to show their interpretations in our public media . 
  and often they are so weak and full of hyperbole that you ca n't take them really serious . 
  but hey guys do n't believe me !, 
  i 'm probably also part of the brainwashed masses who do n't read sputnik to learn the truth . 
   edit : some typos, 
  yup if you look how old this account is and how much karma it already has . . maybe not a paid troll but someone with too much time at least . 
  could also be just someone who is bored and want to fuck with this sub . 
  so all what we have to do is the opposite ? 
  praising them for the bad stuff and say we are good friends ? 
  and get angry when they things do we like ? 
  ... ok this imagination is scary ... 
  do n't ruin the narrative of the german censorship and the big lying press . 
  some people want to believe that we are a leftist dictatorship where every day countless woman get raped by muslim terrorists . 
  only the afd germans know the truth !, 
  we also look down on east europeans ( hello poland ! ), 
  because we are rich arrogant germans who want to control their country . 
  they know that because their right wing press tells them that . 
  totally true i make every day fun about poland and hate it because we ca n't control it . 
  poland is too smart for our evil plans . 
  they know that we are their enemy !, 
   :-( speaking about inferior complex ... 
  yup i first thought that luther was just a brave and honest man who stood up against the corrupt catholic church . 
  do n't blame me i watched the luther movie  now i know that he was also a radical nutjob with extreme views . 
  and his doing gave birth to all the radical fanatically evangelic churches who all believed that only they are true christians and the others should burn in hell . 
  sch\u00e4uble does n't like many things . 
  he never recovered mentally from the attempted assassination which put him in the wheelchair . 
  he 's a bitter man with trust problems . 
  you mean like in we would n't do aggression wars ( seriously we changed :p ) or was that just a `` anschluss '' pun ? 
  well good luck with this attitude you will always be the victim of big bullies . 
  by the way trumps whole campaign was about isolation and focusing on america alone . 
  more than one republican questioned indirect the automatic defense if russia would make a move against weak east european states . 
  for them you are n't important enough to risk a war and they give a shit . 
  europe as a whole ca n't trust to 100 % that the usa would help us , not with trump ( who likes putin ) . 
  and it 's unimportant if average joe would support a defense . 
  people also want cheap energy but god have mercy if a nuclear plant would get build in their near . 
  or people do n't want nuclear energy anymore but dear god if the state dares to construct big wind whiles in their region !, 
  average joe is stupid and that is the reason why we do n't have a direct democracy . 
  thats why we talk about plans for a ** defense ** army . 
  we do n't want play world police . 
  be real it becomes cold and lonely around europe . 
  erdogan goes full dictatorship . 
  putin wants the eu broken because of his own eurasian union . 
  and trumps whole message was `` we have enough problems in our own land , bye guys '' . 
  we ca n't count on the usa if something would happen . 
  do n't pretend our world is stable and nothing could happen . 
  asia has a lot of tension because of chinas expansion . 
  europe has no muscles only soft power . 
  we are like a wealthy bur weak kid in school . 
  what will you do if someone tries to bully you ? 
  yeah teachers say you should stay above this right ? 
  but i think everyone knows that bullies become more and more crueler when you do n't fought back and show them their limits . 
  what will you do with the pathetic unorganized state of our armies ? 
  wrote a serious mail or trade sanctions ? 
  good luck when the other side is n't really interest in trade or politics . 
  like a bully does n't care if the fat rich kid threatens to tell his dad . 
  a defense army is `` the muscles '' so that we are n't just a rich kid but also pretty buffed . 
  that does n't mean we go around and punch people for no reason . 
  but bullies may do n't want attack people who can defend themselves . 
  the world is n't much stabler than 100 years ago . 
  we just lived in a secure bubble . 
  i think we see the end of the western culture as world player . 
  seriously i see no hope for europe or the eu . 
  the middle class is shrinking and technology progress will destroy low labor jobs . 
  when people are fell threatened they will horrible/stupid stuff . 
  even if they normally would be morally against it . 
  in germany we have a quote for that . 
   `` first comes eating/feeding , than the morale . '', 
  asia becomes stronger and stronger and we are now totally divided . 
  there will not be more working together , there will be less cooperation . 
  the far right is rising and no politician will endorse a stronger united eu . 
  and without a strong eu the other new powers like china will mob the floor with us little states . 
  one by one with horrible free trade deals ... yep i 'm pretty pessimistic about the future . 
  i think trump will go down in the history books as the beginning of the end of the west . 
  so it 's not fake ? 
  please say that it 's just a fake ... 
  i mean that would be a new level of stupid ... 
  sorry but this is a pretty bold statement . 
  so i guess you speak german and experienced this first hand and do n't just reply statements you heard from strangers on the internet or the english speaking click bait headline `` quality '' press ( i love the uk headlines : `` merkel ally says germany will punish britain after brexit ! '', 
  = some nobody from her party says dumb shit '' ) . 
  i have read heavy critic on merkel in conservative newspapers and i also can easily criticize the migration crisis . 
  of course we do n't have bullshit like fox news or cnbc ( edit : or was it msnbc ? ) . 
  it 's pretty easy if you do n't use racist rhetoric like `` invader , rape epidemic or stupid shit like `` shoot at them '' . 
  of course we have certain `` concerned citizens '' who whine about censorship but the reality is : they say often dumb/racists stuff and ca n't handle if people call them out for their bullshit . 
  if they say `` censorship '' they mean `` they do n't agree with me , i want a safe space ! '', 
  lol sure if you want to believe that . 
  do n't know which media you consume ... or maybe you just want simple conformation bias ? 
  faz , focus and welt are such stupid liberal `` gutmenschen '' lefties bullshit newspapers !, 
  well good thing that the west is n't a monolithic entity .
