  it is all about deregulation and exploiting the common people for more profit . 
  they want to shatter the eu so that they can play the countries against each other out with separate regulations and free trade deals that will only benefit them . 
  the states of europe are weak without each other in this age of globalisation . 
  even germany , france or italy alone would be easy prey to exploit . 
  or do people believe that the big countries like china , usa or india see us as equal partners in negotiations ? 
  or that big multi billion dollar corporations give a shit about the local laws of a single country , when they could threat to move to another less regulated country ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  it would be easy to exploit for lesser regulations and citizen protection . 
  `` oh you do n't want lower this consumer protection laws for our industry ? 
  maybe we should than with [ insert neighbor country ] instead . '', 
  the eu is far from being perfect but it is n't a disaster and protects us . 
  like a herd in the wilderness . 
  we are stronger together . . 
  i know annoying clich\u00e9 phrase but it is true . 
  a little off-topic but is it maybe possible to make the translation comments sticky so that they alway are at the top ? 
  normal german : `` hi '' or `` hallo '' `` ruhrpott '' dialect : `` tach ! '', 
  you 're not alone ... 
  what ? 
  coffee is love , coffee is live . 
  with it on my side i can accomplish every challenge at my work !, 
  [ coffee is god !, 
  ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/unanything/images/5/57/coffee_is_god.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140312005619 ), 
  you are right but i fear we need to cut out the others first . 
  sadly i ca n't remember the name but a turkish religion institute has big influence on the education of young imams . 
  i read about a year ago that many young progressive german imams did n't found work because of the influence of the turkish institute . 
  sorry i ca n't remember the correct the name right now , but i will add it later when i have more time for research . 
  edit : it is [ ditib ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish-islamic_union_for_religious_affairs ), 
  sorry but every time people whine about the church tax they seem to ignore that the money is also the reason why our church is relative tame and progressive compared to the rest of the world . 
  our state has influence on the church because of all the nice money they receive from christians . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a our church would become more backwards if they had to please the hardcore fundamental christians for funding . 
  look at the churches in the usa , even the catholics are more fundamental and regressive . 
  as a matter of fact i wish we had something similar for our muslims . 
  right now other states and organizations often fund things in germany and have influence because of that , states that do n't value western laws . 
  maybe but it could be worse . 
  we could have the british government instead . 
   and even if de maizere is a idiot , he 's nothing compared to the time sch\u00e4uble hold the position of secretary of interior . 
  so do n't worry too much . 
  our constitution court does a good job against this kind of people . 
  majority of people is to stupid to fact check the news . 
  or do you read every article on reddit before your post a comment and if you do it , do you also fact check the statements in this articles ? 
  social media was a mistake ! . . 
  no i will not add a / s because sometimes i really think so . 
  companies basically control which type of article and information everyone sees with their algorithm ... 
  i 'm old enough to remember the time before fb was a thing and even if the shit happen around the world everywhere , people where more calm . 
  for fucks sake i grew up in the `` ruhrpott '' !, 
  i need my cursing and swearing like i need air to breath !, 
  this is n't really such a problem . 
  the problem is what will you do with the refugees on the boat . 
  we ca n't just violate turkish borders/space and bring them back . 
  erdogan does n't care . 
  the point would be , are our coast guards ( and we as society ) inhuman enough to let them starve on the boats or drown if the boats are damaged ? 
  because that will happen if we block the boats . 
  we ca n't bring them back to turkish soil . 
  that is the fucked up thing here . 
  and seriously without reddit shitposts , i could n't sleep if i knew that our governments does n't help people who are dying . 
  and the reality is that the majority probably things the same , even when we say dumb shit on reddit sometimes . 
  of course this would have been the best solution . 
  and you know what ? 
  this was exactly what middle east experts suggested before the shit hit the fan . 
  but like always politicians ignored the experts because that would cost money and maybe things will be resolved quickly . 
  and i do n't think that was only the case for germany . 
  germany is not the leader of the eu . 
  every state has a veto even when it is a tine one . 
  my problem is that so many people act as if they germany is the only state who is responsible . 
  the reality is that a bunch of egocentric selfish leaders ca n't work together on anything and now everyone just goes for the biggest country . 
  germany the scapegoat of the eu for everything that goes wrong . 
  germany is responsible but so is the majority of the eu . 
  people should stop to act as if only our country is the reason that the other states ca n't work together . 
  the australian model does n't work here so good because of different geography and last time i checked it is n't even clear if ihis solutions compatible with the australian constitution . 
  i believe the legality of the model must be checked by the australian courts . 
  also i 'm pretty sure that they also pay other near states to keep the refugees and immigrants . 
  erdogan is a tyran but that never stopped the west , did it ? 
  ok than tell me your alternative at that time . 
  we had a serious problem with refugees waves from the turkey ( things got worse after merkels infamous speech but it does n't started it ) . 
  it gave us time and a let us breath for a moment but look no fucking asshole in the eu thought about a solution in the future . 
  i saw no fucking leader with a idea or the will to work together . 
  but no doubt that some idiots now will just scream `` i told you germany , you idiots ! '' . 
  always nice to blame someone but have absolutely no alternative idea . 
  it was already a risky move at that time but nobody saw this insanity coming . 
  i bet that will not stop people blaming merkel and germany again , because reasons . 
  because fuck cooperation to find a solution , blame merkel for things she did or did n't . 
  you 're right but i would n't bet my salary that our far right wing populists care about facts . 
  they just need `` enemys '' and want to spread fear so that people act irrational and vote for them . 
  i can see already the slogans `` ukraine wants to hijack our welfare state ! '', 
  this people are scum without any morales . 
  but i do n't think that the visa free travel will have a big impact . 
  seriously it is their `` high quality '' press . 
  the media influences the people and it seems the media over there is bad ... i mean really bad . 
  forget bad , the uk news media is utter garbage and a big chunck is controlled by murdoch . 
  `` i hate the eu because they do n't kiss my ass like the uk government '' . 
  the uk press does n't get it ( or just ignores it ) and so the people have wrong expectations . 
  i agree but i also have to say that the english word `` gender '' is such a cluster fuck to understand . 
  gender is not your biological sex ( xy or xx chromosomes ) . 
  i believe the majority of all languages do n't separate sex and gender . 
  most of the time it is just one single word . 
  whenever someone tries to explain it to me , they say something completely different as everyone has its own definition . 
  gender is not gender roles but every activity has a gender ... and gender is not defined by your penis or vagina . . that is your sex . 
  sorry a little off topic rant , i do n't disagree with you . 
  this drama was really idiotic . 
  we had something similar here with the greens and sex education that also included homosexuality ... some people ( and the church lol ) lost their shit .
