  holy father is also an elector in the hre . 
  and votes for austria who is aligned with the ottomans . 
  interesting to say the least, 
  mali is ready to finally discover europe , it will be less lonely down here knowing what 's going on up north  p.s. 
  will there be a stream this week ? 
  and we let that happen, 
  the great mansa musa iii of mali has so much gold , he wins wars by just burying his enemies under mountains of gold . 
  he currently thinks about going on a little pilgrimage to mecca , just to stir things up . 
  i ca n't wait for all these mutually beneficial partnerships crash and burn, 
  you can see the blanket of smog, 
  yup , i 'm sure i would prosper , mr. naples, 
  no time ... 
  it 's all the orange roofs . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  but poland in ruin tho ... 
  i 'm so glad they renovated these . 
  right on the first one , the second cause was overblown by the media and as for the third , i would n't call throwing money at people without any thought put into it a social policy , that 's a populist policy , buying votes with public money . 
  ( disclaimer : i 'm not against social policies done right ), 
  it does have lyrics , they just are n't officialy stated in any eu legislation , it would be complicated because the original is on german , but there are many languages in the eu , some of them probably without a decent translation . 
  i personally love our polish version of the lyrics, 
  nvm , that was supposed to be a joke . 
  look at our flairs, 
  that 's just what an upper silesian person would say ... 
  czechs are definitely closer to the west than us . 
  word !, 
  it will be rushed and shitty , like everything they do . 
  sld stopped being left a long time ago . 
  they are the cause of their own downfall and the current state of the polish left . 
  they should just dissappear finally and make way for others . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  so , what i gather is , that if you have a remote job then the canaries are the place to be . 
  that bit about the discount on flights is interesting , i understand that it applies to residents only , good stuff . 
  bit of a bummer about the whole ebay thing , but that 's something i could certainly sacrifice . 
  cheers from polish mountains , it 's beautiful with all the snow , but it 's kinda hard to appreciate it when you 're constantly trying not to loose blood circulation in your extremities . 
  is living costly for an average person ? 
  ok , it 's piss . 
  but it 's piss i actually like , probably due to pleasant memories form holidays in northern spain . 
  san miguel , best miguel, 
  [ i feel it ] ( https://i.imgur.com/orrra.jpg ), 
  wow , that was ... unexpectedly nice . 
  they will not , at least not officialy . 
  they would probably allow many different outlets into their new limited space inside the sejm , it will however be easy for the mps to simply avoid talking to the media they do n't like and only talk to journalists supportive of the government . 
  now the journalists seek out and come to the mps , they want the opposite - the mps coming out to the journalists . 
  so yay , no more difficult questions !, 
  that 's just my educated guess , of course they will try to show it as something good . 
  you do n't try to pass such regulations if you do n't have a hidden agenda behind it . 
  it 's either this or something as trivial as poor mps being annoyed by journalists . 
  edit : and i 'm not saying they will invite only journalists supportive of the government , they will veil it as `` allowing journalists from all media outlets to perform their duties in an orderly and regulated manner '' , and it will be technically true , they will just be extremely limited . 
  and mps themselves will be able to pick outlets they want to speak to - no hard questions asked , peace and tranquility . 
  please explain to me , in what way exactly do journalists disturb the proceedings ? 
  they are not allowed in the plenar hall where actual proceedings take place , a limited amount can quietly observe them from the gallery . 
  journalists can however roam around the corridors of the sejm to ask politicians questions , which is a good thing . 
  sure , it may anoy some politicians , especially when they are asked tough questions , but then they just keep silent and go their way , usually looking very grumpy . 
  i have never seen journalists actively disturbing or blocking the mps , they are not allowed to do that , plus there 's always the parlimentary guard to enforce that . 
  this law is meant to limit transparency by enabling our government to only allow certain cherrypicked journalists acces to a very limited , easily avoidable space inside the sejm . 
  not really , journalists with accreditation can move around the corridors and gallery above the plenary hall to observe the proceedings , they are not confined to the degree proposed by our government . 
  next time vote better, 
  hello , i am finland president man, 
  wow , that 's a lot . 
  why the portuguese in particular ? 
  yup , that 's me . 
  i have to finally start watching vikings . 
  ( also , i think you meant relevant , not relative . 
  cheers ), 
  seriously , i need to move south . 
  check out the romanian elections thread, 
  i would n't bother asking then , i 've seen enough of your posts to know what your views are . 
  nevermind , i did n't notice it 's / u/kontaktnicenter . 
  why is that bad ? 
  and the soil for potatos ... wait , what ? 
  the ghost of ddr still haunting germany i see . 
  whoa , thanks for claryfing . 
  i thought it was some new crazy movement after creationists and antivaxxers . 
  oh , and fuck those guys anyway . 
  what ? 
  r/poland would like to inform the international community that it shall take no stance on situation at hand , as it does n't presently exist . 
  please page r/austria , r/russia or r/germany . 
  could you please elaborate on that ? 
  oh poland , you cruel mother you ... 
  thanks , this is amazing , i had no idea this is a thing . 
  makes me wonder how much more cool eu stuff like that there is that i have no idea about . 
  well , yeah , it was always terrible . 
  but being simply a shitty tv network and being a raging , lying propaganda machine are two different things, 
  jaysus , that 's some horrifying legislation . 
  good for you that it 's being revoked . 
  yup , basically . 
  polish nationalism + ( mislead ) catholicism is an ugly mixture . 
  that guy is not a priest anymore , i think . 
  although the church also does n't condemn stuff like that . 
  i may or may not want to hear more about it . 
  i may or may not be willing to become morally bankrupt to make a quick buck . 
  i may or may not be willing to expose the whole operation for a quick buck . 
  i may or may not have some questions about the inclusion of the phrase `` i was n't paid to write this '' influencing my pay . 
  i was n't paid to write this ... yet, 
  thank you , but that 's just baloney . 
  most of our nationalists are euroskeptics and even pro-russia . 
  you know , `` western gayrope '' style . 
  if what you say held water , it would make no sense for russia to finance various far-right and nationalist forces in europe ; thay play right into putin 's hand by trying to tear the eu apart and fragment it into bickering nation-states that would be easy picking . 
  the eu needs to stand together , slavic nationalism wo n't help that matter . 
  oh , and about russian orthodox church holding sway here - thay could n't accomplish it during the partitions , and believe me , they did try .
