your comedy , i like it . 
  poor people were n't feeling it so our current ruling party won on the platform of throwing money at all the poor folks with kids . 
  now they can do whatever the fuck they like and still have approval ratings through the roof . 
  really ? 
  could you direct me to some sources ? 
  i 'll add them to my `` escape plans '' folder, 
  i 'm from a worse shithole than france . 
  honestly , i 'd probably try for australia or nz , just to get as far as humanely possible . 
  but i heard cambodia is quite a nice place for foreigners , and you can easily go there to teach poor kids english . 
  just exploring my options, 
  if it happens i 'm moving to cambodia . 
  i newer taught i 'd say this , but the world is going crazy, 
  love that keeping up appearances reference, 
  damn , and i tought my first 128 kb/s modem was slow . 
  they 're owning it : http://www.gazetaexpress.com/en/news/express-the-only-in-europe-competing-google-171400/, 
  haha . 
  now i 'll imagine it 's him behind every shitpost i see, 
  the language is of cherished tradition, 
  poland 's sitting by the wall drunk af droning on about abortions, 
  i do n't know about islam , but i could accept some falafel as my answer to world 's problems right now . 
  i 'm hungry and dat shit 's delicious, 
  what 's this about sikorski being a redditor ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  ... and gives a sober , impartial insight into the place , hell , i wish i did something like that during my stay in russia, 
  top kek !, 
  ^ ( do n't worry , i 'll see myself out ), 
  you serious ? 
  jaysus , it really is like the wild ride . 
  four miserable years , and after that we face the prospect of going again . 
  i want to get off as well, 
  he 's sapping that cat 's life energy , look how young and smooth he got from it, 
  happy national day !, 
  gosh , i miss spain , i have to make a trip there next year, 
  fuck self pity , your typo gave us a good chuckle , 
  i think he means that your mistake makes it look like they were `` burdel '' controll , i guess it 's spelled bordel in croatian , 
  cheers for the sauce , it appears i was wrong . 
  wisit cracow or wroclaw instead , much nicer . 
  source : i live there , want to move out asap though, 
  in all seriousness , you could probably pay them off pretty easily, 
  and they call themselves the crusade of the young , no kidding, 
  i 'd actually like that . 
  some good examples ? 
  in norwegians, 
  and there were no microsd 's back then , to smuggle out the film you had to stuff it where sun does n't shine . 
  good call , just sitting there smoking , watching the chaos and laughing our asses off ... 
  i 'd be up for that :d, 
  amen , i just hope this shock therepy works . 
  if not - well , i live like 30km from czechia , i 'll just hop over the border and drink beer while watching the shitshow up north . 
  i just like to see our government fail . 
  crash and burn suckers , the sooner the better, 
  what is this `` sun '' you 're talking about ? 
  except no one does abortions like that anymore , they 're always photos from 20 , 30 years ago . 
  they 're dishonest in their campaign , they play on people 's emotions . 
  the parks by the river are lovely . 
  i get that , but yours is not nearly as metal as the french one . 
  seriously , i love it . 
  it 's metal as fuck, 
  and there 's italy in the polish one :d, 
  that 's cause they over-invested in eastern poland, 
  it 's a little known fact , but east germany also had cyber command in the 80 's , they were pioneers in the field . 
  the reunification put an end to it , but this project is probably based off of their experience . 
  here 's a rare photo from their hq near berlin : [ ] ( http://imgur.com/a/numhr ), 
  on it . 
  [ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1cypjqqtam ), 
  which is a good thing . 
  let 's not stoop down to such levels . 
  which one ? 
  you know , i was supposed to visit your city with my buddy a couple years back , but i did n't go and then my visa expired . 
  it bothers me that it 's so close and i ca n't just pop over there for a weekend like i can , for example , to prague . 
  what would a russian equivalent of the name be ? 
  for change !, 
  of course one protest wo n't change anything , they have to keep it up, 
  what ? 
  should you even ask ? 
  dude , it 's about time they got fucking angry , with all that unimaginable shit their government is doing !, 
  i sincerely hope so , but you 'll have to fight hard for it . 
  connection errors happened . 
  the worst thing is that i do n't know what 's wrong, 
  if / u/floyddit eats dicks i 'll eat a dick . 
  i do as well . 
  we used to have something like that in poland a long time ago , with our pro-independence left at the beginning of 20th century . 
  technical . 
  difficulties . 
  also , arathian smells of rain and chocolate cake ... chocolate rain ... p.s. 
  longer sessions = more rehosts so i can come back into the game after i inevitably crash , so i personally am for it . 
  one thing tho - convert to the one true religion when you get the chance . 
  yeah , right, 
  ok , you get a free pass in africa for that , at least from mali . 
  call me if you need a loan, 
  and yet people are still going to vote for them in three years ... i want to get off mr. kaczynski 's wild ride, 
  it 's ok to visit i guess , but it 's a depressing shithole to live in , especially in the winter . 
  yup , warsaw is equally horrible on both sides of the river . 
  then they grind their bones into powder and snort it . 
  yes , jesus stop especially is a wretched hive of satanism . 
  it 's just that crap . 
  welp , time for me to go , that statistic ai n't gon na fulfill itself jk, 
  bring it popeye . 
  the great mansa of mali shall not tolerate such impertinence , for he answers to no man , neither in rome nor anywhere else - he answers to allah alone . 
  may god punish you and the whole of christendom . 
  it might look sweet at first glance , but why has seville not been taken yet ?
