swedish white guilt stronk !, 
  can you imagine people in 1917 imagining what 2017 would be like ? 
  i take this map with a grain of salt - as humans are an unpredictable species . 
  be on the right side of the equation and invest if you think so . 
  our population growth is n't from swedish women giving birth ... 
  next bron/broen season, 
   sure you can complain . 
  but your complain is n't valid in my opinion considering your taxes go into your pension , workplace accident insurance , universal health care etc that are invaluable and also in the whole infrastructure of your country ( roads , internet , hospitals , etc ) . 
  the way you talk about democracy sounds more like a communist one , where one is free to express the right opinions only . 
  root out the anti-social speak !, 
  send him to the ministry of love for re-education !, 
  i do pay much more taxes than i will ever receive back , and i have zero workplace accident insurance ( but i pay for others ! ) . 
   if you hate paying taxes that much , move to the us or something . 
  i hate paying taxes and i will vote to reduce them . 
  is it really an alien opinion to you , to not want to go to work for seven months and not earning one single euro ? 
  i 'm in a high tax bracket , but not high enough to justify moving my business to malta , delaware , panama or switzerland which is what those who are rich do ( i 'm merely running a small business making decent income ) . 
  the case for why taxation is theft and a bad thing are : * non-market economies are inherently less efficient than market economies - the ddr is the extreme example , but almost anything ran by the public sector is living proof of this . 
  * it just sucks to work hard to make a good career , and as said before , have everything you make from january to august taken by the state as mafia protection money , with the ultimate threat that if i do n't pay they will come to my house , take me , and put me in jail for years . 
  you can downvote me all you want , but it wo n't make me a socialist . 
  thank you for the language lesson . 
  just joking , nabo, 
  agreed, 
  and you about politeness !, 
  have a great day , friend, 
  mate i know plenty how democracy works - and by being a free man i have the right to complain all i want !, 
  and i do pay around 60-70 % in taxes ( vat on my consumption included ) ( not sure re : % yet as the year is n't over and i 'm running a small company , thus not knowing this years total income yet ) . 
  this means from january 1st until about this time of year , i am a slave laborer for the government . 
  my slave work pays for university for countrymen who make less , among many things . 
  if you disagree , i think i should buy you a year of university education is economics , just tell me your iban and bic . 
  what language is that by the way ? 
  curious to learn what `` mint '' means . 
  i always think of france close to the other latin-speakers , and thus south . 
  but yeah , everything south of . dk is basically sunshine country, 
  denmark is borderline south . 
  that 's where we go for summer vacation . 
  pack the shorts it 's gon na be above 20 !, 
  oh no he did n't !, 
  that 's the difference of scandinavia and america - in america people study useless things and are in debt for a long time . 
  in sweden people study useless things , and i the high-imcome earner am in debt for the rest of my life thru taxes . 
  it should also be noted that the worst part of high taxes are n't the taxes themselves - but that tax-funded things are inherently less efficient than market-funded things , meaning the whole economy is more sluggish that it has to be . 
  part of the reason why [ wages are better in america than in norway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_wage ) , even if [ norway is at a higher gpd/capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita ) ( although note that norway being an oil economy which skews the comparison ) . 
  btw welcome to r/europe , friend . 
  and welcome to europe as well : - ) n by the way , i 'm just in awe at how amazing wikipedia is - whatever internet fight one finds themselves in , there is always a wikipedia list to back any argument up . 
  let 's all donate a dollar !, 
   mint i 'm checking [ das wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mint ) and unless you mean `` mint ( economics ) , an acronym referring to the economies of mexico , indonesia , nigeria , and turkey '' i 'm not sure what you are talking about . 
  but yeah , i do think those people are wasting their time and my money . 
  i 'm paying for them and therefore think i have the right to complain . 
  yes , gender studies ( genusvetareprogrammet ) is useless and i 'd even say people seem to exit the programmes a little bit more stupid and unproductive than when they entered . 
  studying history is a noble thing though , even if it might ( sadly ) not be great business . 
  also please note that my comment that you are replying to was very much tounge-in-cheek . 
  those fancy bastards with their soft bread , wine and sunshine !, 
  in my native sweden i 've had so many 20-something friends who go to university mainly to collect money and have a fun student life ( feels good to pay some of the highest taxes in the world ) . 
  most of this type of student study gender studies , literature history , art history , and similar . 
  so that very light shade which is sweden is covering the fact that those with useless skills basically collect benefits and take up space in the universities ... that said , most friends go on to study something useful , and then continue to be productive members of norwegian society ;-p . 
  this is how we talk about it in my home in sweden . 
  scandinavia and `` the continent '' . 
  just use monero then . 
  this is a pandoras box that is opened . 
   cold war 2 nuclear boogaloo here we come !, 
  lol, 
  holy fuuuuuuuck , i 've found a new fav band !, 
  btw , any icelander here ? 
  how do you say the \u00e1 ? 
  they 're always just next to each other in all these crazy lists popping up on r/europe . 
  i 'm like 85 % to understanding any one word he is saying, 
  ding ding ding we have a winner, 
  interesting !, 
  how does it work with the written language - do you guys switch between nynorsk and bokm\u00e5l or you chose one which follows you thru your life , like being right or left handed ? 
  or different fylke have different spellings ? 
  i saw a great documentary on svt last fall about greek guys ( it could be iranian ? 
  sorry i 'm forgetting ) travelling to norway because they wan na meet varg vikernes och the church burning losers . 
  interesting watch , ca n't remember the name but maybe someone here knows it . 
  nailed to an upside-down-upside-down cross !, 
  so metal, 
  they 're more into a techno-coke-gay-sex-party kind of thing, 
  danes are having too much of a good time to play angry music . 
  suck it , danes ... or something ... 
  your comment made me go fact check - and you are right , i have wrongly been believing a myth . 
  thank you for calling this out , i am from this day better informed . 
  [ list of countries by suicide rate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate ) . 
  joking about the football thing . 
  i heard a good joke once , the only people who call themselves `` british '' are the english , hehe . 
   you 'd be hard pressed to find a friendlier people  i find this evident from our conversation !, 
  hope to catch you in a pub there one day, 
  you could probably speak many whole sentences in english using only french words ... a lot of boats must have crossed that channel . 
  a desperate call for noodle imports, 
  i 'm joking :-) . 
  should add a / s to the post ... 
  as i suspected ... 
  the whole reason for politics in europe is soccer ... just want to note in the hopes of providing illumination : the countries in the german union ( l\u00e4nder - countries , you can see how the word is related to `` land '' in english , but in plural `` er '' in german , which would be `` s '' in english ) are different countries . 
  i guess the difference between the german union and the british one is how the german one was founded with the idea of `` deutschland \u00fcber alles '' , the united germany above all ( read : above the individual german countries ) . 
  the germans had to get strong together fast because they feared losing wars fast . 
  wish to come walk in the welsh mountains one day in my life !, 
  seen some amazing photos . 
  buddy i 'm joking :-), 
   serfdom i had to look that up in my en-sv dictionary , and it seems to mean `` tr\u00e4l '' . 
  there were no serfdom during feudal times true - but before we had kings properly farmers and villagers had serfs ( tr\u00e4lar ) . 
  that might just be good ol' slavery though , as said `` serf '' is a new word in my english vocabulary . 
  i guess all gun-slinging bad-asses took the boat to the new world , leaving us suckers behind . 
  afaik they copied a lot from the roman empire .
