  which is fair enough , as they were the first to try modern democracy . 
  the rest of us could see what america did , while they walked in the dark when founding the country wrt how to structure democracy . 
  i think they did a good job , and they do a better job protecting freedom of speech than we do in my country . 
  200 years , good for you !, 
  jokes aside , those are some very impressive 200 years which americans should be rightfully proud of . 
  did n't the americans basically shut the government down for a while because of some deficit when obama was president ? 
  my parents were denied entry to the grand canyon for this reason - but the invisible hand of the free market provided a helicopter pilot to show them around , so they got great pictures :-) . 
  hope to visit the grand canyon one day in my life too !, 
  what 's wrong ? 
  i 'm voting sd next year , and am honestly expecting that we will be a country for [ another thousand years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_sweden ) . 
  high birth rates , low iq , unstable states . 
  if i did n't quench my own iq i 'd try to see some patterns here ( and tell my politicians to do immigration reform accordingly ) . 
  [ somewhat related youtube video ] ( https://youtu.be/fjs2gpa5sd0 ), 
  i 'd still bet mexico will be a country in 50 years from now , and the same for thailand . 
  it 's just very big . 
  most nations above it are the size of an american state . 
  i 'm sure if vermont was independent it would be very high up there . 
  i really wan na go to vermont , by the way ... ps maryland still love you the most - r/place bros !, 
  who of the two feel the need to build a wall ? 
  i think they are, 
  lol , this guy !, 
  you can totally work in english , at least in stockholm . 
  just like in berlin or amsterdam , almost every tech company is ran in english . 
  you 'll have a really hard time finding a native scandinavian who does not speak english as well as their own language ( and those of the neighbours ) . 
    drug overdoses are pretty bad here  what 's the explanation for this ? 
  dark outside , some men crack and go deep into amphetamine . 
  rave parties are much more fun in mainland europe where people are more chill . 
  many of us east of the fjell have it differently , as our ruling class did not want to speak clear language about those things . 
  it 's might be different in dk and no , but i do n't think so ( from the ghettos seen during my ( lovely ! ), 
  trips ) . 
  you progress from dk where people are jolly beer drinkers , to screwdriver country ( southern half of sweden ) . 
  the further north you go you progress into vodka and amphetamine land ... 
   i also do n't know how people in the nordics deal with all the darkness . 
  suicide rates are high and so is amphetamine and alcohol abuse . 
  in northern sweden ( and surely norway , iceland & finland too ) kids have to stand in their undies next to special lamps that will trigger vitamin d growth . 
  canada is pretty perfect !, 
  i had the best summer ever bumming around ontario during my 90-day visa a few years ago :-) . 
  britain & ireland are quite south though , if you look at a map . 
  i guess the wind from the atlantic might chill the temperatures a bit . 
  seems like what they have in common is good skiing conditions . 
  i 'd say the thing that swedes do exceptionally is ignoring reality in order to conform and get with the program . 
   we did n't have a feudal system unlike the rest of europe do n't know where you are from , but in sweden and denmark we definitely had feudal lords . 
  if i 'm correct norway was n't independent back then , but part of either sweden or denmark , and the land around the baltic sea were owned by the king in stockholm and ruled by his feudal lords . 
  non-scandinavian people are giving you shit in these comments , but i agree and am a swede . 
  got some american friends in stockholm though and they 're great , so by all means come over for a visit :-) . 
  do n't be fooled buddy , the only things we are best at is optimizing for high scores . 
  and isolating houses for the winter . 
  edit : a ` / s ` if the irony is lost on you, 
  bring natas !, 
  they 'll be great for fika . 
  i have n't had the chance to travel around britain as much as i would have liked to , but my impression of the few towns around south-eastern england has been very nice . 
  hope to see the rest of your islands too !, 
  that explains it . 
  true , i missed those !, 
  or not !, 
  i want to visit either way . 
  \u00c5land girls ( and tornedalen ) have the cutest accent of all swedish-speakers, 
  mate , there is no need to downvote me . 
  you asked if that is the impression people have of birmingham , and i answered your question . 
  thanks for clarifying, 
  got it !, 
  thanks for clarifying, 
  they are commodities yes . 
  these s\u00fcdl\u00e4nder street pharmacists need to learn a thing or two about branding and pr . 
  case in point : k\u00f6ln . 
  what the fuck are we doing ... 
  nothing !, 
  my mistake , thanks for correcting me !, 
  always appreciated . 
  you mean new york in america ? 
  or is there some place here in europe that goes by the same acronym ? 
  the big groups of asians living in britain are pakistanis , indians and bangladeshi people , which is what they mean when they say `` asians '' . 
   are people really under the impression that birmingham is a horrible place to live if you 're white ? 
  if i can be a data point , then yes that is my impression . 
  the japanese , chinese & korean are very well-behaved immigrants . 
  ca n't speak for the uk , but in sweden they are the least criminal immigrants , less criminal than us swedes . 
  btw any japanese , chinese or koreans reading this - sweden loves you and is offering a ton of grants for doing ph.d 's and masters . 
  look into it !, 
   show me why i 'm wrong , or deal . 
  should n't it be `` or no deal '' ? 
  esl here trying to learn, 
  neighbour of india , currently populated with american drones . 
  i think what you 're saying about south america is only true in english-language societies , from my limited experience ( have lived in 3 european countries and one east-asian ) . 
  btw welcome to r/europe , hope you are having a good time here friend :-) . 
   name 3 african brands without googling i 'm in berlin and have noticed 3 products very popular , called weed , hashish and coke . 
  just go to g\u00f6rlitzer park , hasenheide or revaler stra\u00dfe . 
  just do it, 
   it is impossible to have a country with 65 or lower average iq . 
  it simply could n't function . 
  and if you have a look at the countries in question , you will see that they are not the ones famous for their collection of nobel prices . 
   because it strongly implies that the fact that there are a lot of brown people is the reason rapes happen . 
  not brown people , but some groups are vastly overrepresented in rape . 
  i do n't know about the uk , but in my country sudanese and arab immigrants are many times more likely to rape than swedes . 
  it 's statistics , not prejudice . 
  at least no one can call us racists :-) #keinmenchistillegal, 
  mate you 've even been to birmingham ? 
  lol at the german one . 
  germany is great , love yo ' self !, 
  btw why how come it 's common to make a distinction between the countries in the uk but not in the bundesrepublik ( united states of ) deutschland ? 
  come to think of it - what are the others country-that-is-a-union in europe ?
