i guess it is opinion , and we differ in ours . 
  fair play to you, 
  i would n't expect a full on invasion , we would only be part of a bigger war . 
  but it does n't sit well with me that we 're ready for nothing , we 'd rely on others , and offer zero assistance, 
  they were the casa , were n't they decommissioned ? 
  you did n't address my point at all , instead brought in some little known fact , discovered 70 years after the fact , about a weather report . 
  you ignored every other point i made , points made addressing and answering you . 
  but you focus on a meteorological report that i 'd bet few know of , and highlight it as a point of my ignorance . 
  you sound like like right rude cunt . 
  goodnight, 
  the only help we offered was to not interfere , we allowed the allies fly in and sail over our territory , that was it . 
  that 's the very least we could 've done . 
  not a single resource was donated . 
  as for your tail of ireland getting d day under way ? 
  i 'm no historian , but i do read on the subject , and never have i heard a claim as bold as that . 
  google did n't show anything either , please provide a source . 
  maybe you 're missing my actual point in all of this ; a european allegiance , of which ireland is a part of , is only a good thing . 
  and something we can be proud of . 
  as it stands , there is no irish defence . 
  nothing . 
  celtic pussy , not tiger . 
  as for an enemy ? 
  any rogue nation on earth today . 
  trump wants to strip nato . 
  putin is expanding into ex-ussr countries . 
  north korea is tying to go nuclear . 
  isis are in europe . 
  turkey has a dictator . 
  china is invading sk waters , fighting with japan over islands . 
  i could go on , if war happens , we got nothing to help , defend , or do, 
  ok , we could n't go invade germany in 1940 , but as the war ended we could 've done a lot . 
  our refusal to aid the alliance , while their resources were stretched , was selfish , and only did to serve devaleras ego , his two fingers to england . 
  when russia start pushing germany back , we could 've assisted the alliance . 
  there was so much we could 've done , but instead we decided to show we were independent , by doing nothing . 
  trying to be a proud nuetral country , while europe fell apart , was shameful and wrong . 
  god almighty , where do i begin :  i guess to ( sic ) failed irish history or you ( sic ) dumb ass would know we where neutral to difference ourselves from the uk . 
  this actually makes no sense . 
  what does being nuetral do that distances itself from the uk , what do you mean ? 
   you are some fool if you think ireland would have stopped hitler . 
  we were neutral because we had nothing , we did n't have an army . 
  germany would 've fucked us up , easily . 
  but after the russians started advancing on the eastern front , we could have participated in an effort . 
  we could of helped as the germans were beaten by russia to the east , with the english and usa coming up italy , as they landed in normandy , as the english evacuated dunkirk . 
  there were times we could 've helped without consequences to ireland , only her resources . 
  but instead , dev signed hitlers book of condolences . 
   if you are so worried about some fictional force that strikes ireland , join the army . 
  yeah , that 's my point , we need to invest in the army . 
  can i ask , why are you so against defending the country ? 
  so let 's just not defend ourselves ? 
  let 's not invest in defence , because you presume nobody will go to war with ireland and eu . 
  europe needs a force , to stop aggression from other nations . 
  trump wants to penalise nato countries who he believes do n't pay their part , basically the baltic nations , latvia , lithuania , you know , next door to russia , previous ussr countries . 
  nato keeps things in check there , we need a european alternative should aggressions raise or nato shrink , and your presumption does nothing to defend my family . 
  it 's simply not good enough . 
  take pride in being able to defend yourself . 
  we do n't have a true fighting force . 
  i 'd like to see ireland invest in defence . 
  i 'd like the government to talk about it . 
  i 'd like the people to be proud of an army , as we are of individual soldiers ; if someone says they were in the rangers , they get a `` fair play '' , but to suggest we should not be neutral , and you get backlash , like it 's a stupid immoral thing . 
  but , you 're right , fair enough , my choice of words were wrong , `` cower in the shade '' was thoughtless of me , i think was thinking of the stance in ww2 , which i do feel was wrong , and transplanting it to today 's attitude . 
  yes , but this is all we got . 
  and they 're not regarded for their might , but rather intellect and diplomacy . 
  what 's wrong with preparing , what 's wrong with standing up for yourself ? 
  again , you 're relying on the eu and uk . 
  shape up and arm yourself , i 'm proud to be irish , but i know if a war broke out , we 're at the mercy of others . 
  we did n't play our part in ww2 , much to my disappointment , we let hitler walk over europe . 
  for shame . 
  and your attitude is the reason , people like you . 
  only one jet aircraft , and it 's a transport for ministers, 
  world war 2, 
  exactly , you 're calling in allies , but refuse to help them . 
  ireland checking in , 0 % interested , apparently, 
  as an irish man , who rate 0 % on this , i agree . 
  we have a small army , no airforce . 
  i doubt we could move a significant number of troops to defend an invasion . 
  we need to look after ourselves , we need to be able to stand beside our european brothers . 
  at the moment we cower in the shade, 
  i know you all have n't changed , probably the rise of social media giving pleads a voice . 
  it 's the shitty buses . 
  we love 'em, 
  i have a big feeling you 're right here . 
  i love the uk , i 've a great appreciation of your culture . 
  but my god , you 've changed lately , and it 's not poland 's fault . 
  but i 've got a feeling you 're right , and the poles will be blamed , and germany and france . 
  defo , so they 're transvestites , either male or female , which ever one they want, 
  no , it proves some cultures do things differently . 
  it does n't mean you get to label yourself, 
  i really do n't care , i just think it 's ridiculous . 
  i was called mr all of my adult life , but i never felt comfortable with the title , it was n't really me . 
  when i became a head chef and started leading a kitchen brigade , i realised the title , chief , was more becoming of me . 
  it just feels more me , ye know ? 
  so from now on , i 'd like to be called chief paddywhacker . 
  see that 'd a stupid scenario , but it mirrors the gender argument very well , it 's making the same point on issues of social titles . 
  read my next comment, 
  but it is a social idea , born of certain cultures . 
  i 'm not native american , i 'm not from india where i read of third gender . 
  i 'm irish , in my culture there 's 2 genders, 
  i was n't appealing to the past to say i 'm right . 
  god knows i 'm always wrong , might be wrong about this too . 
  but what i meant to say was , if there was only two genders before , then people did create and choose new genders .
