  no , there was only two genders a few years ago , now you 're allowed pick one of many or make one up , to suit yourself . 
  it 's a social construct , so you can pick what you like , unlike homosexuality , which is often , just how you 're born . 
  it 's not biology . 
  in ireland we have civics , society class or some shit , teach it yhere, 
  biology and gender do not cross paths , leave it out of science please, 
  i consider myself progressive , but letting my kids decide they want to be `` non - conforming gender queer '' is where i draw the line . 
  i want to be called general paddywhacker , but i 'm not gon na teach a class about it, 
  touche, 
  brilliant , so true . 
  twist it to the middle op , the goldilocks zone, 
  sexist, 
  travelling in europe this summer , for the euro 's , i do n't think the brits knew it . 
  they were going home with car loads of french wine and brandy , saying vote for brexit . 
  they were sailed down shit creek, 
  but it 's the polish immagrants that are the problem , go brexit / s, 
  really , i had n't heard about that ... 
  affordable calls and texts ? 
  should n't they be proud ? 
  it 'll be in til on friday , then back in here for next monday . 
  going around robbing other countries resources tends to help . 
  potato crop was blighted . 
  when you 're made to farm on land while paying rent to an english landlord who took the land by force , you can only afford a small patch , so you grow potatoes because you get a hell of a lot more than you would from wheat grown in the same area . 
  of course , when the blight arrives , you 're fucked . 
  yes , the english grew other crops ; cereals , vegetables . 
  the agricultural revolution was underway . 
  but that was for english bells , sure why do you think they stole irelands land ? 
  i was looking at the green line , thinking `` where 's the 1845 spike and subsequent fall '' , oh , ireland is the yellow line , wtf ? 
  the ones around me do , but this is a housing estate, 
  the gypsys speeding up my quite road , we need this in ireland, 
  except that 's exactly how it worked . 
  your factual post was up voted , your baby whines and insults were downvoted . 
  we know he is , but he 's too busy being sorry for himself and his ilk instead of saying anything, 
  hey !, 
  that 's my brother that 's being left behind . 
  do n't tease him , he 's thorn , and it aint cool . 
  what ? 
  you are that you hate most, 
  and two generations before you , their home changed when you grandfather arrived ... you 're a hypocrite, 
  so you 're an immigrant , giving out about immigration ? 
  you 're a peach, 
  i thought 7our immigration issue was with pakistanis , indians , big black men from the bahamas ? 
  yes . 
  but your immigration is a result of your colonialism . 
  you reap what you sew, 
  yeah , migration , while fucking ex-pats set up shop on the canary islands . 
  your migration issue was n't even about poles , it was about commonwealth immigrants . 
  you solved nothing , you cut your nose to spite your face . 
  idiotic, 
  and the eu is n't a corporation . 
  you know damn well the same could be said about your queen and house of lords and rich eton boys running the uk . 
  uk to eu ; no , we are stronger alone , we can make independent decisions , mould our own future , build our own future . 
  uk to scotland : no , we are stronger together , we must make united decisions , mould our future together , build a future together . 
  * something smells fishy * ** and it aint catch quotas **, 
  wow , that 's really cool, 
  oh yeah , blame the ussr ... edit ; i was being sarcastic . 
  then iran is being ridiculous , and europe should show solidarity against making women wear long coats and head scarfs . 
  when your countrymen are being forced to adhere to a regressive , sexist ideal , you say no . 
  you can have them, 
  aye , i love me scottish brothers and sisters , but i love me english brothers 'n all, 
  yes , but we all would 've been stronger together, 
  touche !, 
  in spain , my irish euros get a lot more beer, 
  it 's irish slang , eed use it to say `` brilliant '', 
  do you like the euro too ? 
  that 's one thing that gets me , the single currency is bashed and mocked , but if you travel in the eu , it 's fuckin deadly . 
  it 's neither euphoric or nice , it 's just the right thing to do . 
  why would i allow murderers sit at my table ? 
  how utterly ridiculous a notion , but it certainly shows your kind , painting every refugee as a terrorist . 
  you are so beyond opening to the idea of refugees i see there 's no point in arguing it . 
  but , so you know : the idea is to give refuge , as the title suggests , not make them your brother . 
  we take in our share of refugees in ireland , refugees which are the result of american `` liberation . '', 
  when ireland goes around liberating the middle east , i 'll accept my responsibility of the action , and i 'll give refuge . 
  when i use natives as translators who risk their lives , and by association , their families lives , i will not turn my back on them . 
  your country did . 
  god help your soldiers in the next country they liberate , because they 're not going to be made welcome anymore . 
  and you 've only yourselves to blame . 
  but , your right , you 're country stands for nothing anymore , the e.u. 
  is the leader of the free world , you 've the biggest stick , but that makes you a bully . 
  i lead by example , i like to think the eu does to . 
  america is a loner . 
  this is the new america , and it will be left behind . 
  yeah , it does n't reflect america , make america great again ... by not being ourselves . 
  america , the land of the free , yearning for the world 's wretches and huddled masses , refusing wretches and huddled masses . 
  only one option is american , buddy . 
  ca n't have it both ways . 
  and if you choose the latter , then you are no longer complying with the typical , world view of america , and we will all remember how you fell from grace, 
  man your so predictable, 
  yeah , good man . 
  you were wrong , the guy is not a refugee , and your stupid ` you take all the refugees ' add on blanket comment , that 's only serves to push fear , shows how much thought you 've given the subject . 
  how do you react when faced with your lies ? 
  i know your type , you were wrong , i showed you that you were wrong . 
  but your the kind of idiot who ca n't change his mind , but because you ca n't reply or answer back , you start on the `` duh kebab '' distraction . 
  idiot , go back under your blanket , but before you go , reply to me with some other crap sentence completely off topic to shut down the conversation . 
  you 're type are stupid , you 're a fool . 
  it 's not racist , it 's an injustice , he 's guilty of nothing but having a brother . 
  but there 's no issue of race . 
  poor america , you once led the free world , your ideas of freedom set the global standard . 
  how far you have fallen ... 
  ok , one at a time : first , this guy is a trained athlete , going to take part in a global contest . 
  he 's not a refugee , he 'd kick your fuckin head in .
