  great work !, 
  the uk is by far the best one . 
  i dislike the romanian one , there 's something about that specific yellow shade which bothers me . 
  ah yea , the only way i could notice romanian tourists is when they talk or by the licence plate of their cars . 
  likewise , when i 've been to your country no one could 've known i was not romanian . 
  until i had to speak ... 
  romania definitely has better roads , no question about that . 
  the average wage is also higher . 
  but i 've always thought romanian commie flats look more brutalistic , even though ours are in worse shape . 
  probably because they are larger . 
  i 've been only in the southern part of the country though , do n't know how are they like elsewhere . 
  of romanians ? 
  no , why would i be . . ? 
  that 's nice , however i have n't seen a single place in europe to have as much vegan resturants and shops as in the us . 
  the difference is massive . 
  the us has a lot more options when it comes to vegetarian/vegan food though . 
  it 's that people voluntarily choose to eat lower quality food there . 
  it 's roughly the same in europe too , to be honest . 
  only a handful of countries here in europe are popular with their cousine , the rest are decent at best imo . 
  not trying to `` offend '' any country 's food , just expressing my personal opinion . 
  anywhere but sunny beach . 
  unless you are looking for cheap places to get drunk that is ... 
  when it comes to the ex-yugoslavian countries , those that have joined ( slovenia and croatia ) were much better of than the rest , long before they became eu members . 
  why is viber not being mentioned at all ? 
  is it not popular there ? 
  slavic languages apparently sound quite similar . 
  a german friend of mine commented that bulgarian sounded like polish to him , and those are probably the two furthest apart . 
  the - te and - ta are examples of our definite article , bulgarian ( and macedonian ) is the only slavic language which has it . 
  oh , then my bad . 
  ukraine has very low wages partly because of the collapse of the hryvnia . 
  i would n't recommend living in moldova either , but i 'd say western ukraine could probably be a very decent place to live in . 
  in the eu , probably yes , but outside the eu - definitely ukraine . 
  prices there are almost two times lower than in here . 
  probably yoghurt . 
  did n't most of the north-east countries have had low population density , not just the baltics ? 
  i guess so , though during the summer we 're definitely closer to the mediterranean . 
  i like the sound of albanian . 
  russian as well when spoken by a female . 
  portuguese reminds me of an exotic slavic language , although it 's clearly not slavic . 
  and of course , english . 
  especially american english , somehow i 'm more used to it . 
  we do n't competely `` fit in '' with the stereotypes . 
  bulgaria is pretty down south , but also ex-communist and gets a plenty amount of snow , which does n't really go well with the `` south '' part . 
  you think so ? 
  i thought spaniards are more into nordic-looking women, 
  same for montenegro , except around the coastline, 
  yes , i 'm familiar with the story , it was even more prevalent in the uk than germany . 
  i 'm surprised by the comments of the turks though , we have a large turkish population in bulgaria and many of them have migrated to germany and the netherlands . 
  we 've been allowed to move freely and live in the eu since 2007 , so almost 10 years ago . 
  in 2014 we only gained to opportunity to work and get benefits , but the freedom of movement we 've had for a long time . 
  huh ? 
  i thought we were notorious for the roma gypsies , petty crime etc. 
  stealing cars is too much hassle :d, 
  i think classical music is a big one . 
  being the birthplace of mozart and all that . . 
  the drinking thing is hardly true , but in general we do drink quite a bit of rakia . 
  personally , i hate it . 
  that 's cool , forgot about yogurt one . 
  although i 'm pretty sure negative stereotypes are more well-known and being known for yoghurt is kinda ridiculous . 
  i do n't mind it though, 
  the `` stealing cars '' stereotype of the polish is pretty new to me , never knew that existed . 
  i meant the only country which in it 's entirety has a mediterranean climate . 
  as we can see , in the case of croatia it 's not the whole country . 
  i 'm not sure about albania as well ... 
  yes i guess so , but the only country with truly mediterranean climate in the balkans is greece . 
  erm ... bulgaria gets really cold in the winter . 
  like really really cold ... why did you think we 're hot all year round ? 
  i dunno the stereotypes about our country . 
  i 'd guess - mafia , criminals ? 
  that could be considered kinda `` edgy '' , so i 'm not bothered by those . 
  the gypsy stereotype is totally not cool though ... 
  she has n't made any news , i found her stuff on youtube . 
  her videos have 20 + million views , so obviously people from outside kosovo or albania know her as well . 
  albania is great , people have to stop being prejudiced . 
  it has a fantastic natural scenery . 
  the only truly terrible thing about the country are the roads , which i personally do n't really care about . 
  also the singer era istrefi - she 's gorgeous ( is n't she from kosovo though ? ) . 
  i do n't know if she actually can sing , but her songs are catchy . 
  i love the sound of the albanian language as well , it 's like a mix of all european languages , even though it resembles none of them . 
  albania has a lot to offer and tourism there is growing , so you might hear a lot more about her in 10-15 years . 
  for me it would be `` i 'm not motivated enough '' . 
  however , my german is nearly decent and i speak russian as well . 
  my goal would be to improve my knowledge of german and after that i probably wo n't bother learning another language . . 
  spain not as much , but greece and italy ( especially the southern regions ) are . 
  there 's plenty of information available , you can look it up . 
  i do n't really have a strong opinion regarding this issue , but think about this : if there was n't any net benefit of further enlargement , why would it even be considered ? 
  do you think countries are being accepted just because they are european and would contribute to the `` european dream '' ? 
  and what are those values ? 
  by following that logic , we could easily throw out greece , as well as spain , or even italy because it 's too corrupt . 
  your goverment decided not to put the 7 year restrictions on the then newly joined members . 
  i 'm not saying nobody would 've migrated , but surely the numbers would 've been as high . 
  you could argue about that as well . 
  some serbians do the `` kiss on the cheek '' thing like the french , that 's pretty rare in russia . 
  the one thing in common the slavic language and orthodoxy , but it 's not like most people are very religious , so it does n't really matter that much . 
  ethnic and cultural ... what ? 
  let me tell you , russia is a pretty different beast to us balkanites . 
  honestly , how would `` poverty '' affect your journey ? 
  it 's not like you 're moving there permanently . 
  because i 've already been to poland and western ukraine ( both are very nice ) and i do n't imagine belarus beeing too different . 
  i might be wrong , i just do n't feel like it will offer me anything new .
