yes , i 'm aware of that , but statistically that is still a fairy big percentage in comparison to most eu countries . 
  i have no problems with it , i know quite a few bulgarian turks . 
  so far they are the most secular muslims i 've ever seen . 
  actually it 's 10 % or even 11 if i am not mistaken . 
  we have more muslims per capita than most countries in europe . 
  just like most countries in the world in bulgaria school is mandatory only until a certain age . 
  i would be curious to see if germany as state could cope with more numereous roma communities . 
  yes , it is a shame , but yet again i ca n't think of an european country that has successfuly integrated a large number of roma . 
  not one . 
  i 'm not putting the blame on them entirely though , just pointing out my observations . 
  yes , of course i believe that could happen . 
  there are a lot more than 5-6 members of the roma community who are integrated into society , but still they a minority . 
  it 's always easy to blame the host population for the lack of integration of their minorities , but there are always two-sides to the real pictures . 
  historically , the roma have segregated themselves and thus making it harder for the local population to accept them . 
  under the communist regime it was actually better for them , because they were forced to work , as there was very little unemployment . 
  nowdays work is n't obligatory and neither is education . 
  you may be shocked to lean that a large number of them ca n't write and read . 
  is that the country 's fault ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  so , as you can see it is a quite complex process . 
  more and more roma ( especially younger ones ) are becoming integrated by getting education and work , but there is still a long way to go . 
  well , if we talk strictly about citizenship , then yes . 
  the roma can be bulgarian , romanian , hungarian etc. 
  citizens . 
  the point i was making is that they are not viewed in a such way . 
  that 's pretty much everywhere , not only in few countries . 
  i know about 5-6 roma people , which are very well integrated into society and i do n't even care what their ethnicity is , but the problem is that many of them are not . 
  that 's why they are viewed as `` different '' and i doubt that most germans view their minorities as * german * even if they are well integrated . 
  i would say most * ignorant * people do n't make a distinction . 
  a lot of people also confuse austria with australia , even though they have no connection whatsoever . 
  can you back this up with statistics ? 
  that may be true , but if you go to any hospital you may be treated by an eastern european doctor . 
  the demand for doctors and nurses from eastern europe is huge ... 
  the thing is , the ethnicity of the roma is so different , that they can not blend in . 
  not all of them of course , but the majority . 
  and yes , the roma are a different ethnicity who settled in central and south-east europe long ago . 
  they are of north-indian origin . 
  well , maybe that 's just you , you can not speak for all germans . 
  i was just pointing out the difference , regardless whether you care or not . 
  the key difference is they are actually working though . 
  and our countries are not as shitty as you may think . 
  oh , do n't be so hateful . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're confusing romanians with the roma . 
  totally different groups of people . 
  no , it 's just that some of them were popular almost worldwide . 
  and of course they were subtitled . 
  well i ca n't read it since i do n't speak danish , but i think it would be safe to assume that those supposed gangs are a tiny minority among eastern europeans . 
  denmark does n't have that many in comparison to the uk for example ... 
  are there a lot of them in denmark ? 
  so far i 've heard complaints only about the roma . 
  i disagree . 
  i would say the reason for english being so widespread among young europeans ( particularly ) is the popularity of the american media . 
  if it were n't for all the shows/tv series i would n't know much english to be honest and probably a good 90 % of them were from ` merica . 
  hang on , you specifically wrote `` bulgarian/romanian '' and now you claim otherwise . 
  you do n't have a shitload coming from albania or kosovo , because there are n't a shitload of people in those countries anyway . 
  with the exception of the roma , what is the problem with the others . 
  germany desperately needs people , unless you prefer refugees that is . 
  or you could somehow increase the birthrate , although i doubt that would happen anytime soon . 
  have you lived in russia in order to make such judgement ? 
  it would be foolish to assume that the average finnish person has a massively different life than the average russian . 
  the same could be said for most countries actually , unless they are war-torn or poverty stricken . 
  the problem with these kind of buildings is that they do n't look good on pictures , but in real life they 're actually okay . 
  yes , with vitosha in the backgroud would 've been nice , but in this case it 's just a bunch of concrete covered in snow ... 
  i would n't call st. petersburg a soviet looking city . 
  in fact , much of helsinki looks quite similar , but in a smaller form and with more office-type buildings . 
  obviously helsinki is a lot more modernized , but in general i would n't say the difference is that massive . 
  bulgaria has the most depressing one for sure , especially with today reaching 32 degrees !, 
  the denmark one is also kind of `` meh '' nice overall selection , though . 
  doubt it . 
  deutche welle is being quite shady . 
  i do n't need a syrian passport to go work/claim benefits/do whatever in any eu country . 
  same for romanians . 
  i understand most of serbian , because of having serbian and croat buddies . 
  i admit in the beginning it was quote tough , but once you get over the major differences it becomes quite easy . 
  macedonian ... yeah ... 
  bulgaria also has a pretty low score , but last time i checked there are an increasing numbers of poles vacationing on the black sea . 
  i wonder why lithuania has such a low score as well . 
  so spain was almost as poor as the balkan countries ... impressive !, 
  no , i did n't get `` hurted '' . 
  i 'm not georgian , or have any relation to georgia . 
  are you somehow using the term `` kebab '' in a derogatory way ? 
  southern russia imo is the most beautiful part of the country . 
  turkey is also extremely beautiful and has a natural landscape that ca n't be found anywhere near lithuania . 
  so in general , georgia is located in a very nice and diverse area . 
  it is a very small country with both mountains and a seaside . 
  not too bad at all . 
  on average lithuanians do n't earn that much more money than georgians , despite being in the eu , so saying you pity them is a bit silly . 
  `` they are even more happy than germans '' ... what those are some pretty pessimistic search results, 
  only if it 's humid . 
  i want summer to actually feel like summer yo, 
  me jelly . 
  we hit 30 already two weeks ago , but now it 's down to 13\u00bac . 
  most of todays macedonians were universally considered as bulgarian up until the 20th century . 
  one side of my family has macedonian roots , but back then they were simply bulgarian . 
  nowdays it 's a completely different story , i do n't consider them bulgarian because they took a different path . 
  still very close to us , though . 
  then there 's hope . 
  my turkish buddies ( which were born here ) are very secular . 
  are you saying that even the younger population ( 18-30yrs ) want to live in a more religious and conservative society ? 
  love the sofia one , particularly the colouring and the rose/lion mixture !,
