  i 'd assume that if one thinks you need this kind of protection , he also has some kind of plan other than just sitting in cover with eyes closed . 
  no idea , but i 'd imagine that they would n't flat-out lie . 
  from quick glance at the video i did n't see rpg 's mentioned . 
  most materials can defeat shaped chages when thick enough , question being whether 2m thick walls are feasible . 
  video shows protection up to 12.7 mm ammo and 155m artillery grenades at 250mm thick layer of balls , and with those grenades i 'm pretty sure its not from direct hits , since those would just disintegrate the container , so most likely from shrapnel at some distance . 
  need much thicker layer of sand for similar level of protection . 
  might even be much lighter solution , since there is so much air between the ceramic balls . 
  regular fragmentation grenade has very little explosives in it , since it is only meant to break the shell and propel the fragments around it . 
  so i 'd imagine it would survive it . 
  regular rifle ammo puts much more pressure on a smaller diameter area . 
  / r/minionhate / r/wackytictacs, 
  when finns talk about civilian service , they speak of unarmed service that is in no way related to military . 
  during civilian service the people work in public institutions for 12 months , regular work days and go home after that . 
  civilian service doesnt usually involve being in 24/7 exercises , running around with shit load of gear , etc etc. 
  being it helper in local library 8 hours a day does n't really compare to most military training . 
  you even get to go home on the evening . 
  nah , they will train you as anti-tank nco . 
  12 months time to learn to love that heavy ass tube . 
  military , and that way national defense . 
  i know many have , but any kind of decent cheese is pretty expensive . 
  aura is decent blue cheese at least . 
  koskenlaskija is ok too , if it counts . 
  apparently leper was bit more rare in finland . 
  from quick glance to the [ wiki article ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/lepra_suomessa ) we had some leper colonies/hospitals , built as need arose . 
  most famous/gruesome was on an island called seili from 1620 to 1785 . 
  lepers had to bring their own coffins , or wood to build ones , to the island . 
  first mentions of any leper hospitals are from 14th century . 
  in general the lepers were isolated to leper hospitals , where they would live the rest of their lives . 
  this caused some issues when people with other skins diseases and syphilis being `` diagnosed '' with leprosy , due to lack of doctors . 
  would depend on chemicals . 
  if there were some dangerous gases present , blowing up gas tanks could generate dangerous gas clouds . 
  alternatively search google for fertilizer plant explosions . 
  spray can full of zyklon b, 
  well in north america , the natives were pretty much beaten in to submissions , then the country went through a revolution and a civil war before it came to be what it is now . 
  and the country was relatively sparsely populated at the beginning of the century , and still groving . 
  so its pretty bad comparison to modern europe . 
  and the comms guy of 103452th comms regiment does not need the latest most fashionable optics and helmets anyway . 
  also funny , but we have relatively high amount of modern ( ish ) mbt 's , about as many as italy or uk, 
  that 's only for some battalions though , not for all infantry units . 
  was expecting a boar head mounted on a spear . 
  but we promise we wont talk to you . 
  does divine favour mean having a border with russia ? 
  eh , professional quote makers seem to prefer / r/atheism as their publishing medium . 
  finland might have to lose our good position in suicide and alcoholism rankings to top life expectancy , so its not really worth it . 
  yeah , and the rain suit that offers some protection . 
  yes , and its pretty boring . 
  at least you are n't hiring swedish producers to make your stuff , right ? 
  homogay and abortions or no cheese and weed . 
  choose carefully . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard about czech being called cowards . 
  you did your job in afganistan , you actually bothered to get at least some jet fighters , and in general to my understanding have n't completely abandoned your army . 
  well if its as a part of an ongoing war , and there is no evidence of the person chopping the head off from prisoner or civilian , it just might be quite common punishment for this kinda thing . 
  thats what one news paper said . 
  his defense was basically that it was the only part of suicide bomber left when his group went to check . 
  they took some pics to send home as a `` sign of victory '' , and then buried the head to keep it away from dogs . 
  i 'm not saying that this makes it all ok , but you could also consider whats the average wage like in there , and what other jobs are available . 
  its not like they are held at gun point in there sewing clothes . 
  ( or not most of them ) the the developing countries ca n't just go from agricultural economy in to a service economy where you ca n't even get fast food job without having masters degree in a year . 
  again ? 
  nokia is actually generating pretty nice profit at the moment , since they `` got rid '' of their mobile phone operations . 
  thats why we are rich !, 
  norway truly is a polluted third world shithole . 
  and then there is the finnish football team struggling against such formidable opponents as faroe islands . 
  good argument i will respect this one and i will look forward to see more high quality reasoning . 
  not really . 
  it delivers around 500-600 joules of energy . 
  for 5.56 mm its around 1700 joules . 
  .338 lapua magnum is closer to 7000 joules . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1epj3kounmi close enough, 
  its pretty common for russian air force to fly with no transponders and ignore all radio calls even in the baltic . 
  would n't be surprised if the russians did n't listen to the channel or just did n't respond . 
  thats from an old video , not related to this . 
  it 's a start . 
  well they did catch russia fucking it up , so there is some kind of oversight . 
  at least you dont live in a undiplomatic shithole that is denmark . 
  nothing , thats why its not happening . 
  if sweden decides to help , then without a military alliance they can on do it on their own terms . 
  forming of a proper defensive pact was successfully avoided once again . 
  great job both of us !, 
  truly we are the most neutral countries !, 
  would be slightly amusing and sad if us decided to withdraw its support to iraq now . 
  in finnish military we have wood or oil using stoves to keep us warm during winter nights . 
  longest i 've slept in a [ tent during winter ] ( http://www.scandinavianoutdoorstore.com/media/dynamic/productimages/328_sa20.jpg ) was over two weeks . 
  1 guy at a time watching the fire and adding wood as needed . 
  chimney going through the roof . 
  with a good quality sleeping bag and a red hot stove it can actually be quite nice . 
  even outside the sleeping bag when you are keeping firewatch you dont need any outdoor clothing . 
  inside the tent it is easily 10 + degrees c. 
  from what i 've read , the bigger issue is n't that the fact that turkey is arming some rebel groups leaked , but that the specific image leaked . 
  it was shown to a limited group of people with high security clearance , and its forbidden to photograph secret documents . 
  maybe , but norway and denmark are in nato and sweden has no interest in making any proper military alliance with finland , only vague peace time cooperation agreements etc. 
  this is the answer . 
  we also have a good amount of lactose free products that dont have the sweet taste of hyla-milk . 
  even some lactose free milk that tastes just like regular milk . 
  its only income based on more serious violations . 
  its getting annoying that people parrot that fact about income based fines but never mention that it only applies to certain traffic violations . 
  that and the americans who seem to come out and cry how police must be hunting and fining rich people ... 
  well they could have removed those when asked , maybe keep some neutral ones , but they decided that its their right to post what ever they want of their kids . 
  it does n't sound like an unreasonable request . 
  well germany is a weird case anyway , with how it consisted of huge number of more or less independent nations for hundreds of years .
