remove borscht from sweden, 
  some expensive clothes . 
  9 years between the video and award . 
  should he banned from receiving any awards or degrees for what he did long long ago ? 
  least favorite of any european country neighboring russia : russia, 
   finland was irresponsible to become so dependent on such an unreliable trading partner . 
  one of the largest counties in the world , your largest neighboring country , a developing market , common history , common trade from the cold war onward , etc. 
  but hey , i guess we should have ignored them just in case they decide to go full retard . 
  modern mountain bikes with disc brakes have larger rotors in the front , just because the front brake is the more effective one . 
  locking the rear wheel is n't the most effective way to stop , same as with cars and abs . 
  as for using both brakes at the same time , it doesnt take too much practice to learn not to lock them and to change your center of weight to prevent going over the bars/keep steering easy . 
  front wheel brakes are much more effective than similar read wheel ones . 
  tldr would be that when you brake , the weight gets shifted off from rear wheel to front wheel . 
  ask anyone riding a motorbike which brake they use when they actually want to stop . 
  same applies to bicycles . 
  most russians i see just buy basic groceries , toilet paper , cereals , shampoo etc from cities close to border . 
  but the package this is also true , some post offices have been having some problems due to large volume of packages needing to be stored for russians . 
  in finland the maximum you get from goverment as uni student is around 500 $ . 
  after i pay my rent , which includes water etc , i have 250 $ left . 
  i could survive on that , but it would n't be much fun , so i either work part time , or take cheap student loan if i 'm not working . 
  some people are still happy enough to live on ~ 200 $ / month for the 5-7 years it takes for them to graduate , but i just do n't understand those . 
  denmark strong, 
  go and find a nato country with enough money to simply buy two huge ships just so russia wo n't get them . 
  if the country really needed ships like that , most countries would be happy to put that money in their own ship building industry . 
  at least they hit . 
  those bmp 's in the ambush on the other hand are all right next to each other . 
  beautiful until you break a track . 
  then shit sucks even without the civilians there to bother you . 
  military gear gets moved by train all the time . 
  shit , fdf conscripts with 6 months of service look more like soldiers than this bunch . 
  that group of old and fat guys ai n't marching anywhere further than to nearest pub . 
  maybe if you had more than 24 heavy artillery pieces for the whole country . 
  i doubt they would suddenly have that good translator software . 
  its much easier to just hire some guys who speak and write fluent estonian . 
  `` fund '' the north african governments to improve their border control and ensure that they find and deport these welfare refugees before they get to ships . 
  with enough `` funds '' we could pay more than the traffickers pay to officials , and get traffickers to prison too . 
  it also seems to include basically the whole russian army manpower , random number of tanks and aircraft . 
  then it counts mortars for estonias heavy artillery , but not for latvia or lithuania . 
  looks like the reporter went to internet , googled some unsourced infopictures and yahoo answers responses , and then went to make this graphic . 
  ones thinking of doing so were quickly executed . 
  shut up and get in to the train . 
  [ mean while in sweden ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3e64soseg ), 
  while the thing is completely political , in a way russians is in `` morally '' better position . 
  they are `` defending '' their `` oppressed '' brothers , while argentina attacked falkland islands based on shaky justification on the islands belonging to them . 
  in reality russia just wants to reinforce their position in eastern europe , while discrediting ukraines new leadership , and discouraging spreading of riots to russia by making ukraines riots look like a failure . 
  they do n't seem to have any markings to identify themselves as russian , so i would guess they are militia with russian equipment . 
  now you can go back to / r/pics, 
  so , is the regular police willing to use force to break up the situation ? 
  since the current regime is n't yet too stable , i ca n't imagine them being too eager to take such orders , considering break up of berkut and talk over legal action over earlier fights . 
  knowing you ca n't trust the people giving orders to back you up makes things pretty complicated for the police . 
  finland here . 
  unless you live near some army base , you wo n't be seeing much . 
  armored vehicles tend to stay in their training areas since its so expensive to move them long distances . 
  i think units training for urban combat have some exercises in helsinki , some even in the metro tunnels during nights when they are closed anyway . 
  biggest military parade is yearly on our independence day , and its broadcast in national tv . 
  mostly conscript units marching with a lot of vehicles shown after them . 
  i do n't know why they thought that pepper spray and whips are the best way to approach the situation . 
  [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_switzerland] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_switzerland ) 200 leopard 2a4 , 200 cv90 , at least decent conscript training , active reserve training , relatively easy to defend country , etc. 
  i 'd dare say your comment is inaccurate . 
  pretty much what i was thinking . 
  since lack of conservation is mostly about money ( not enough rangers/poachers pay larger bribes ) , sell the existing ivory in legal ways and give money to elephant conservation . 
  you 'd maybe get even more money than from the illegal trade . 
  or throw away the money for a silly symbolic gesture . 
  at some point you can just start copying previous `` news in spain '' posts , and nobody will notice , as the content is always the same . 
  i think incoming olympics might actually be big enough factor to not do that . 
   used by western special forces units but not commonly available elsewhere . 
  yes , i 'd imagine most european countries dont allow online ammunition sales . 
  the way guardian talks about them makes it seem like they are something very special secret special forces bullets . 
  just reminded me of the craze over `` cop killer bullets '' some 10-15 years ago . 
  edit : i could n't quickly find online sources for hydra-shock in europe , but i did find multiple mentions and [ photos ] ( http://juutilainen.1g.fi/kuvat/petri+juutilainen/harrastukset/ammo+testit/ruoste+006.jpg ) of it on some finnish shooting forums . 
  also some sites listing it as being in their catalog for security professionals etc. 
  http://www.cheaperthandirt.com/product/amm-407 http://www.academy.com/shop/pdp/federal-premium-personal-defense-hydra-shok-jhp-9mm-luger-124-grain-handgun-ammuni http://www.luckygunner.com/40-sw-165-gr-jhp-hdra-shok-federal-le-50-rounds truly a rare and hard to get ammo . 
  used mostly by special forces and youtubers shooting water bottles . 
  considering games workshops history of being almost consumer hostile company , wildly varying warhammer video game quality , and creative assemblys recent history of barely playable game launches , i 'm pretty reserved on this one . 
  probably closer to ten million than one million . 
   estonia nope , ca n't do that . 
  that 's the rules . 
  i think we have to wait for scotland to recognize its independence first . 
  but we wont be returning people to sweden , as dublin agreements say we could/should do , so all this will accomplish is that those immigrants wont go all the way to helsinki just to register themselves . 
  meanwhile swedish national railway company is knowingly transporting , ( [ even stopping paper checks , allowing some to travel without train tickets , and allowing these people to carry more luggage than usual ] ( http://www.hs.fi/ulkomaat/a1442027290216?jako=798ba35de02ea8bea0a1136269779c16&amp;ref=tw-share ) ) people to northern sweden just so they can come to finland . 
  swedish immigrant authorities acknowledge that these people are going to finland and is doing nothing to it , other than helping them . 
  russia might be shitty neighbor in many ways , but at least their border guards do their fucking job . 
  looks like other one is being kicked on the ground at the end . 
  polar bears are cute though . 
  the first paragraph of the article mentions that . 
  i wonder what their foreign and military intelligence agencies have done in the last 25 years . 
  probably just drank tea and only now remembered that they actually have a job to do . 
  ah right , the incitement case was still pretty stupid , and did include display of double standards using somalis as an example . 
  it is , but i do n't think simply raising a nazi flag is enough . 
  all the sentences on `` inciting hatred against an ethnic group '' that i know of have been of long full retard rantings . 
  ~ ~ other than one case with jussi halla-aho where he got a sentence for making a parody about some magazines opinion piece where he replaced the word finn with somali . ~ ~ edit : see below, 
  tank shoots them . 
  5:18 , then at 5:31 you see a btr that was hit in flames . 
  some redditors speculated that the tank fired a solid penetrator ( apfsds ( ? 
  ) ) , which is why the btr was n't completely obliterated . 
  according to saab , 180kg/m ^ 2 ( weird measurement ? ), 
  and after watching a couple of videos , the thickness required vs sand might not even be that great . 
  i 'm starting to question whether its really that great solution , other than maybe at ships where you do n't really have sand available . 
  looks like that . 
  you probably have had enough time to move away , get more protection or something .
