  admittedly i 'm not familiar with german history in that much detail , but dont you still have pretty huge number of municipalities and stuff , and they all have lots of control over their own dealings ? 
  and there is some stuff with you having states that can separate or something ? 
  should probably have one more war just to simplify things for us foreigners . 
  that is n't helping at all . 
  you are right , there is n't . 
  but maybe we just cant hurry it up as much as we might want ? 
  it just seems that there are so many things missing from these countries that seem important for most functional democracies . 
  like good and diverse economy , strong middle class , social mobility ( existence of a middle class is kinda important for this , i think ) , stable neighboring countries to support it , etc. 
  going from a long time dictatorship to a working democracy is a huge leap , and then expecting those new and fragile democracies to actually fix enough stuff before the next coup attempt comes . 
  yeah , and it took hundreds of years and countless of wars for us to get to this point . 
  same with china . 
  maybe these things just cant be hurried , but require proper circumstances for it to work ? 
  you cant really just make up a strong democracy in a few years . 
  as seen in some arab spring countries , the military and religious orders are the ones with existing support and power structures and organization to grab power . 
  there often are no strong secular parties , or they are very fragmented , compared to long standing religious organizations . 
  dictators have actively destroyed those small political movements , while islam as a religion has survived due to its multinational ties , and due to nature of religion . 
  do we really want that kind of a fate , even for sahara ? 
  unless you are a exchange student living in the same block , then pls go away and let me sleep . 
  also to be honest , i 'd imagine most people answering to the question are thinking of a typical white middle class person . 
  if you specified between american whites , blacks , latinos , and asians , you would likely get different kind of answers . 
  if you live in eastern finland , russian tourists can get somewhat annoying at times . 
  some are very entitled , and most of the more ... creative parking jobs or driving i see are by russian registered cars . 
  luckily the speeding and rude driving has been reduced by border checks not letting russians to finland if they have unpaid fines . 
  nothing special i 'd say . 
  if you are educated and have a job , i 'd imagine that most people would be completely fine with you . 
  on a similar poll , venezuela would probably be somewhere between southern european countries ( excluding balkans ofc ) and maybe above mexico and some other central american countries . 
  above mexico probably mostly because the drug war and immigration to usa are the things mexico is mostly known in regular news . 
  where are the real proofs ? 
  yes . 
  better than to pee on the streets , more clean than most bar bathrooms , free , no queues , etc. 
  whats not to like ? 
  obivously its not done in too populated places . 
  just dont do it in a place where many people can see you and its fine . 
   3rd shamefur dispray, 
  once more statistics show that other nordic countries are true miserable 3rd world countries and that only finland can illuminate their darkness with its glorious achievements . 
  did you actually manage to make any decisions during that 100 years or just memos about needing more discussions and meetings to create better understanding of the issue , while the norwegians kinda just contined to live as if nothing happened ? 
  or maybe its because those russians come to finland voluntarily , while latvian russians are ex-soviet transplants ? 
  novelty of loud bangs with no other effects wears out quickly . 
  firing range and live fire exercises i never had problems with . 
  thaths why you fire like 100-400 at them at the same time . 
  but yeah they arent meant for anything less than company sized targets . 
  i 'd rather shout pew pew than clean the rifle daily from the fouling from blanks . 
  same guns have been working fine in ukraine . 
  as an added benefit finland can afford to lose plenty of artillery guns and still have plenty left . 
  if sweden has two archers have a collision on a road , then congratulations , you just lost like 7 % of your nations artillery . 
  they are great family and hobby dogs , but not for too warm countries , considering their coat is for working in far north . 
  joining military means more as a job , where the pay is generally shit for non-officers . 
  conscript style service is a shorter deal . 
  i 'd imagine that having that kind of shorter service as an option for young adults before they move on to university etc , is better received than offer of bad pay as professional soldier that kinda implies that its a multi year job . 
  they arent directly comparable . 
  [ 100 % origina l swedish jet do not steal ] ( https://militaryaviationnews.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/87625-saab-ja39-gripen.jpg ), 
  i did n't claim that they are big threat for jet fighters , just mentioned that we got some recently . 
  although russia still uses planes like su-25 that i 'd imagine are threatened by manpads . 
  i only said that it can reach st. petersburg . 
  i know that we cant exactly go full grozny on it . 
  mlrs if you count missiles . 
  regular hornets . 
  looks like we are likely buying some used korean k9 's . 
  if you have some lightly used modern aa , or if you happen to annex netherlands and in the process you find some cv90 's , then give us a call . 
  get night vision goggles or a thermal camera, 
  aa and air force are there to limit enemy air attacks . 
  i have no idea on the current state of how anti-drone work is done . 
  still same applies , drones arent some all seeing eye . 
  carpet bombing hasnt really been done in a while , and against it there is still the idea that full all out war against finland would n't be worth the losses . 
  even georgia managed to shoot down some russian air craft in the few days the conflict lasted . 
  if we want to go all out we can just say that russia nukes every single possible artillery battery location along the front and wins , which they could do but its probably somewhat unlikely . 
  russia could field enough armored vehicles that finland would n't even have enough at missiles to destroy them all . 
  starting every single discussion from the absolute worst case scenario and with defeatism isnt really productive . 
  well we have some aa , and now we are getting stingers too . 
  50 hornets isnt that bad either for a country our size . 
  well even 122mm artillery shells hitting around you is enough to ruin your day . 
  when you are on the receiving end it doesnt really make you feel better that the rounds are coming from an older gun , or whether you are attacking or defending , fragmentation hurts the same anyway . 
  more modern guns can shoot self homing anti-tank rounds like bonus . 
  because they cost a ridiculous amount , and in the end some quantity is still needed for the artillery to cover enough area . 
  few super moderns guns are nice , but only for those who get support from them . 
  they cant be everywhere at once . 
  swedens 48 guns isnt a lot , considering some of them will be broken , some might be lost to enemy , etc. 
  i assume our glorious generals have thought of that during the last 100 years . 
  conscripts in artillery units train moving their artillery/mortars to new positions a lot . 
  multiple times a day they do the whole thing over and over again . 
  the units themselves are dispersed over large areas , not in a neat row 5 meters apart , etc. 
  even the best air force cant be everywhere at once , and finnish army has over 2k artillery pieces . 
  amos can fire a salvo and reposition in minutes . 
  nobody smart is denying that russia could conquer finland , the whole point is to make it not worth the effort . 
  sure is great that your citizenship is based on which neigbourhood you happen to live and whether you 100 % share other peoples views . 
  how dare people have opinions . 
  i would certainly vote to block citizenship for anyone who isnt an alcoholic , unemployed , or a drug addict , since that what my theoretical neighborhood happens to consist of . 
  after eu cuts all trade and financial support , they wont be getting much more rich . 
  add in some sanctions to those rich people , confiscate some money from european bank accounts , limit travelling , and those rich guys are soon sponsoring flights to bring back their dear countrymen that they miss so much . 
  those countries do n't have very much negotiating power . 
  `` hecking old walls of dubrovnik '', 
  if you ask these guys , ( ( ( da juice ) ) ) are probably behind everything , including that time when you thought you could drive home without refueling but you ran out of fuel anyway . 
  they literally chant `` long live national socialism '' , their political goals are to resist zionism , deport immigrants , protect racial purity , support nationalization of media that is `` spewing anti-finnish propaganda '' , and a host of other conspiracy shit . 
  at that point saying that you are national socialist , and then going `` nuh uh , we are socialist nationalists , not nazis '' doesnt really work , nor are they even trying to do that . 
  i dont completely agree but this is such a nuanced subject that reddit is hardly the best place for discussing it , mostly because i cba writing walls of text . 
  from legal systems perspective its an an aggravated assault , not a murder . 
  you cant just change crime definitions just because perpetrator was a retarded neo-nazi . 
  usa is doing the opposite and look how well its working for them . 
  maybe another million people in prison and two more on probation will do the trick . 
  well its kinda different since he was the head of helsinki police departments anti-drug department while doing the smuggling , interfering with other police deparments investigations , blackmailing witnesses , etc.
