ireland - eyeries i * knew * i recognised those gaudy houses !, 
  it 's ok , you 're american . 
  we expect it . 
  if you look at their post , you 'll see that they live in austria . 
  30k a year ai n't bad . 
  it 's like asking people who are going to vote for trump what their thoughts on walls are . 
   which i like much more . 
  what are you , some kind of queer ? 
  finns are so antisocial they even take their saunas as far away from everyone else as possible . 
   do any actual mexicans , living in mexico , give a shit about the food we make and the clothes we wear ? 
  all of the ones i 've met have been happy that i liked their culture enough to try to emulate it . 
  i just find it ironic that , in the spirit of peaceful cooperation , the eu is proposing the formation of an organisation that could enforce cooperation in future . 
   because it feels like nobody here in italy is pro eu , let alone an eu army , then i realized the image has more than the preview , and it 's the mep support . 
  and people wonder why brexit won . 
   finland feels no threat from russia ? 
  nothing they think an eu army would be able to deal with . 
   the european army is a great way to bind us all together . 
  by force , if necessary !, 
  they do n't trust the eu not to fuck it up . 
  also , the current status quo is n't bad for finland . 
  the formation of an eu army would lead to russia getting nervous about the huge military force that suddenly appeared on its border , and * that * could lead to a lot of sabre-rattling that would n't be good for finland . 
  the formation of an eu army is yet another erosion of national sovereignty in a long line of such actions . 
  britain signed up to a trade bloc , not a superstate that tried to assimilate its component nations . 
  what ? 
  do n't you * want * to dissolve your national identity and become one in the homogeneous blender of the eu ? 
  you are not misremembering . 
  plus , with the uk leaving the eu just lost a huge chunk of cash to put towards this army . 
   most likely some % of this army needs to be integrated into the european army . 
  i do n't see * that * being at all popular . 
  well they 're mooting the idea of an army , for one . 
  the problem with the euro army is that it will immediately become the single largest armed force in the world , which will cause all of europe 's neighbours to start nervously eyeing europe , and require europe to pour even more money into it as the surrounding countries ramp up their militaries to compensate . 
  now europe is in an arms race . 
   belief in sovereignty and nationalism is very very much based on emotions and belonging . 
  or , y' know , on the benefits that sovereignty can bring . 
  it would be easier if finland actually existed too . 
   how women are treated in saudi arabia * poor women, 
  i have one in my living room and my cat has been waging war on it for years . 
  if you have access to a mountain of shit , it 's not worth the same as a smaller mountain of gold . 
  i mean , it 's economically negative when you 're giving it to poor people * and * importing more poor people into your country . 
  theresa may has been pretty clear that she 's not going back on the result . 
  if you 're suggesting that the eu and the uk are not making plans right now , i have no idea what to tell you . 
  so what you 're saying is that they should kick people out for thoughtcrime ? 
  because until they do or say something racist ( and are subsequently expelled ) , there 's no way of knowing . 
  if britain is leaving the eu , why would it care about `` as far as they 're concerned '' ? 
  britain is going to make its plans , trigger article 50 , and come out of the gate guns blazing . 
  it 's the sensible thing to do . 
  i suppose it figures that they 'd have such a * clever * username . 
  you mean apart from all those times they kicked an mp out for being racist ? 
  there is literally nothing in that article that says the referendum will be void if a50 is n't invoked quickly . 
  not a word . 
  but by all means continue to be condescending . 
  i voted leave you presumptuous fuckstick . 
   it 's a healthy thing to do for someone invested in politics . 
  listening to students trying to explain to me why i 'm completely wrong about everything through faulty arguments is n't going to be a productive use of anyone 's time . 
   which britain has never had . 
  [ of course it has n't . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_civil_war ), 
  / u/flappers87 's feelings . 
   based on these estimates , the study concluded that newborn male circumcision was a cost-saving hiv prevention intervention which is strange , because newborns are n't transmitting hiv . 
  what they 're trying to say is that circumcision reduces hiv transmission in areas where condoms are n't available , but there 's no fucking way you 'll convince a dude to lop the end of his dick off when he 's 18 , so you have to do it at birth . 
  which they ca n't actually say , because conceding that newborn circumcision is n't * absolutely * necessary means you ca n't justify keeping on doing it . 
  `` trials in sub-saharan africa '', 
   the cdc thinks circumcision is worth the risk . 
  the cdc thinks circumcision is worth the risk * in africa * , where there are limited health and washing facilities . 
  in a first world country , there is absolutely no benefit to it that can not be easily achieved by an uncircumcised man . 
  so when you say  the question really is , does circumcision risks outweigh the benefits or the other way around . 
  we already know the answer , and it 's that the risks are higher . 
  yes , it was . 
  does n't mean it 's wrong , though . 
   so i can chop of your foreskin . '', 
  `` oh and by the way i also need to put my mouth on it afterwards '' fucknogetawayfromme, 
   some of them have far , far worse effects on health and sexual pleasure than male circumcision . 
  the worst of them have the same effect as botched circumcisions . 
   if 90 % of people wanted to enslave the remaining 10 % it would n't make it right no , but it would be democratic . 
  you 're confusing law and morality . 
   how does herpes get from a mohel to a baby , then ? 
  when he puts his mouth on it . 
  because for all their talk of sterility , it 's not usually the case . 
   they wo n't remember the pain so you 'd be fine torturing babies since they wo n't remember it and it wo n't harm them in the long term ? 
  what if my religion says i have to ? 
   there are enough studies that actually found benefits . 
  but none of them found benefits that could n't be replicated by basic hygeine and good sexual practices . 
  yes but we also have to bash brexit . 
  if the young people could have stopped it ( they could ) and they did n't , they ca n't blame the older people . 
  it 's unlikely , but you ca n't be president of the eu if there 's no eu to be president of . 
  hell , 16 million people wanted to leave and are being treated like kitten murdering paedophiles , which is absurd . 
   why the fuck did we not get to vote for our futures ? 
  you said it yourself , you 're 16 . 
   the scottish nuclear submarines , you mean the british ones ? 
  turns out some people value their principles over money . 
   recognition and ability to enforce sovereignty . 
  scotland * might * get the first , and the second is seriously questionable . 
   what is westminster going to do , send in tanks ? 
  battleships , probably . 
  we 'll move it up to the border . 
   terrorism is on the rise since the year 2015 , but it 's lower than it was in the 80s . 
  the ira are not the same as islamist terrorists . 
  the ira had clear political goals and was willing to compromise to reach peace . 
  the islamists want to kill every nonbeliever , and will not stop jntil they succeed . 
  do n't be mean to her .
