  `` trump is bad , brexit is bad , the right-wing parties are bad '' is not controversial in the slightest , being the mainstream social positions . 
   to be at odds with politics and be controversial . 
  well they 're failing hard . 
  `` but we 're going to use words like ` sinister ' in the hope that it makes ` right winger using social media ' sound scary . '', 
   `` america first '' has a slightly different connotation than what you seem to think . 
  i am aware of the existence of the anti-war party . 
  i am also aware that it has nothing to do with the discussion at hand . 
  if you 're going to get shirty about reading comprehension , perhaps you might like to lead by example . 
   no they do n't . 
  oh well that settles it then . 
   america first , france first . 
  are you saying there are no needy american or french people ? 
   also there are people , who firmly want to help people in need . 
  most social conservatives want to help people in need . 
  opening your borders is not the way to do it . 
   subtly that 's what merkel consider subtle ? 
   i just ca n't take them seriously anymore for the sake of my mental health . 
  that 's a reflection on you , not them . 
   it was n't the far right , it was n't brogressives . 
  yeah , just claiming that is n't going to make it true . 
   has the veneer of intellectualism but it can be quite hyperbolic and obtuse from time to time . 
  that sounds like a perfect description of another group . 
  no , it was trump wot did the louvre . 
   not sure his name . 
  it 's right there on the side of the picture . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/syslezhbpus?t=51s ), 
  i actually doubt that china-eu relations will be good . 
  china 's imperialism is going to cause serious issues in the very near future . 
  your offspring is going to look at you like you are an idiot . 
  you 're right . 
  just not in the way you think you are . 
  predictions : * the eu is holding together , but under immense strain . 
  * usa is about to re-elect trump . 
  * russia is still a paper tiger . 
  no it did n't , because of the eu . 
  dutch dungeon porn . 
  putting them in prison is a death sentence anyway once the other inmates find out their crime . 
   t 's better for rich western nations to have to put a few more criminals through their domestic systems and not allow these nations to callously leave `` undesirables '' to suffer and die . 
  i mean , we 're talking about a man who * raped a child * . 
  but sure , it 's * his * suffering we should be worried about . 
   sending them back would basically be a death sentence which i ca n't really agree with , irregardless of circumstances . 
  oh no , the child rapist will only have a high chance of dying instead of a guaranteed one !, 
  hopefully isis would make iraq him-free . 
  not all crimes are equal . 
  sure , a refugee who 's stealing food probably should n't be deported , but rapists ? 
  there is absolutely no excuse for that . 
  in 10 years , will he notice ? 
  that 's somewhat retarded . 
   evidently violent , remind me which side was beating their opponents in the street ? 
  i mean , you actually said that anyone who is anti-globalist is a fascist . 
  i 'm not the one peddling misinformation . 
  careful there , pal . 
  if you push that narrative any harder you might get a hernia . 
  you realise that even though in the 80s 1 in 2000 kids was diagnosed with autism and it 's 1 in 150 now , that does n't actually mean more people today are autistic ? 
  i wish i could say i was surprised . 
  what . 
  there 's literally nothing i 've said that would make you think that . 
   you are not european . 
  do you want a geography lesson ? 
  ok cool . 
  i think excluding them from the main graph is probably the best thing to do for the purposes of this comparison . 
  so is this graph only home-grown extremists ? 
  how are islamic terrror attacks counted ? 
   why not police thoughts ? 
  citizen , this line of thought has been deemed to be against the `` freedom of information act 2032 '' . 
  please hold still whilst it is deleted . 
  they 'll attack you in the street because some `` journalist '' on secretly took a photo of you and tweeted at antifa claiming you were a nazi with no proof . 
  they 'll attack you for wearing the wrong hat . 
  they 'll attack you for being in the wrong place at the wrong time , even if you 're an innocent bystander . 
  do n't pretend that the left does n't attack people randomly . 
   so they tend to be `` friendlier '' towards right crowds then towards left ones . 
  that 's wrong . 
  the police are n't friendlier towards right-wingers because they share mutual sympathies , they 're friendlier towards them because the right is far less likely to attack them just for being police . 
   i do struggle to understand how anyone can feel the far-left is more dangerous to a regular person , the far right attacks people based on defined categories . 
  most redditors are white , so they have little to fear . 
  the far left , meanwhile , is far more mercurial . 
  they 're less predictable , and you 're more likely to get assaulted just for standing in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
   guess if they ca n't take them in a fight you have to attack them online ... why would anyone try and `` take '' antifa in a fight ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  antifa never challenge someone when they 're alone because they know they ca n't win without overwhelming numbers . 
  i hate capitalism so much i 'm going to steal luxury goods for my own personal use !, 
  anarchists do n't believe in borders anyway . 
  you ca n't limit the riots , dude !, 
  roof koreans always help . 
  yeah , it was probably more than 100 mil . 
  given the history of communism , not really . 
  a web of politics and * greece pay denbts * . 
  0/10 you are n't even trying any more . 
  eh , 4/10 you got me to respond the first time . 
  bit obvious this time . 
  lmao no . 
  menslib is `` men 's rights from a feminist perspective '' , which is to say `` not men 's rights '' . 
  it 's an amusing sub to browse for the cringe , but not for the content . 
  kids do n't seem to enjoy the process of circumcision either . 
   it 's much more `` low maintenance '' down there as what i 've had described to me by my friends your friends apparently have abysmal personal hygiene if they think it takes more than 10 seconds in the shower for `` maintenance '' . 
  well first you should probably take off the ideological blinkers and realise that everything you 've just said was a steaming pile of horseshit . 
  then you might realise that people are indeed just as annoyed at the jewish practice . 
  but on the other hand , that would n't let you cry `` muh islamophobes '' so i guess you 're going to keep at it . 
   alot of males no , it 's less than 1 % . 
  which you would know if you 'd actually looked .
