  obviously they 've submitted evidence of their persecution to the immigration board which has reviewed their case and acted accordingly . 
  they do n't hand out asylum spots like candy and i do n't have any reason to doubt them or the board 's decision . 
  which does n't necessarily amount to too much . 
  recently a russian gay couple from st. petersburg was granted asylum in finland and according to them the atmosphere has worsened considerably even in st. petersburg , which they also said was more open minded than the rest of russia . 
  wow , a $ 112 billion bailout sounds pretty big , though i really hope this $ 137 billion bailout will resolve the situation in greece . 
  absolutely , i think there was some crooked romanian politician or something who was worried that these constant arrests etc. 
  are damaging the country 's image abroad which i thought was pretty funny . 
  it 's doing the exact opposite on my image of romania , so keep up the good work . 
  click open the individual austerity packages further down on the page , they list the specific actions taken at the time . 
  you 're right on that it does n't say much about the actual effects of the austerity measures though . 
  here 's the wikipedia page on the subject : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis_countermeasures, 
  that would be the dragon language from skyrim . 
  in finland the poll question is :  if finland were attacked , should finns , in your opinion , take up arms to defend themselves in all situations , even if the outcome seemed uncertain ? 
  the english main page can be found at www.yle.fi/news . 
  you need to get a day pass to visit the chernobyl exlusion zone and there are multiple tour organizers who sell these passes and tours . 
  chernobyl tourism is a thing . 
  well , at least the french do have their share of the blame on that one . 
  they did until 1940 when an estate called tamminiemi was donated to the state by a wealthy individual and this established the tradition of having a separate presidential residency . 
  tamminiemi was in use until urho kekkonen fell ill and the place was transformed as his personal retirement home and it became a museum after his death . 
  the current residency was built in 1993 and it was n't supposed to be a very expensive construction , only about 2,5 million euros in current money but in the end the original budget did n't held and the cost ballooned . 
  maybe the map has been already updated to reflect the future annexations by russia . 
  they 've been on a very impressive roll lately with busting a lot of corruption cases open and actually prosecuting the people behind them . 
  it 's not dangerous if you 're not a total dumbass about it , just do n't pick up any mushrooms you ca n't identify yourself and you 're fine . 
  for a beginner it 's enough to learn a couple of the more easily identifiable and common food mushrooms and focus exclusively on those . 
  then if you come across a ton of weird looking mushrooms , pull up your handy mushroom book - or these days a smartphone app and look it up . 
  they will also warn you if there 's some poisonous mushroom that looks a bit like the edible ones and give instructions to distinguish them from each other but still , if you 're not completely sure , just leave it there . 
  it 's a great hobby for anyone who likes walking in the nature . 
  that article is from 2014 . 
  sukhois and migs were dropped from the list of considered jets . 
  dassault rafales are also an option . 
  it 's always good to keep in mind that the earthquake behind the fukushima disaster was the fourth largest quake ever detected since 1900 . 
  and this gigantic earthquake was n't even the reason for the disaster ( it just knocked the plant offline through an automated shutdown process ) , it was the following tsunami that did the most damage and caused the meltdown . 
  film cameras can easily record more information on film than modern digital cameras can record to a file . 
  there was a definite step back on image quality when digital cameras first came out but people still favored the convenience of it over dealing with physical rolls of film and these days you can get really nice digital photos . 
  there 's a good explanation of it in wikipedia . 
  not really considering people were coming over the border just fine during the worst -35 \u00b0 c freezes during december and now it 's already warmed up considerably with zero people coming in . 
  russia can easily control the flow of people despite the temperatures , it 's just a matter of if they wish to do it . 
  russia did a great job at plugging these border crossings so it 's a great start . 
  there has n't been any refugees coming to finland from there in a while already . 
  russian news told that finland closed its borders from refugees ( not exactly true but we 'll take it ) and police reinforced with omon troops went to the town of kantalahti near the border to round up the refugees gathered in there and took them to the immigration department and basically told them to get a train ticket and get out of the town . 
  the worst thing is when you go to some site and it shows a sad `` please think of us content creators when you block ads , our livelihoods are at stake . 
  :( '' message and you decide to disable adblock because the site seems nice and you 'd like to support it . 
  you disable the addon and the next thing you know is the site blowing up on your face with dancing ads playing sound clips and you can just feel the smug `` gotcha bitch '' coming from the site administrator . 
  i do n't mind non-intrusive ads at all but there is a good reason why so many people feel the need to download an addon to block the ads . 
  fria tider is just an anomaly in the reality distortion field . 
  please disregard all inappropriate truths sourcing from the anomaly and carry on your day with the appointed agenda . 
  mcdonald 's pays more than the minimum wage though despite the mental image of flipping burgers being the simplest mind numbing job available , reserved only for the most desperate people with no other skills . 
  i bet you could find lower paying jobs in switzerland for comparison when speaking about the absolute minimum . 
  in practice the current minimum wage set by the unions works out to be about 1500 $ / month in finland . 
  they are also famous for their highly imaginative product descriptions on some of the stuff they sell , like [ these rubber waders ] ( https://www.varusteleka.com/en/product/polish-nuclear-waders-surplus/29805 ) . 
  suspect is hatless . 
  repeat , hatless . 
  yes , they 're pretty [ cute ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzvgvz-kieg ) :3, 
  they still have a lot to improve , i think [ this ] ( http://www.bugspray.com/pictures/products/spraypp.jpg ) would be a lot more effective . 
  i really do n't think they would be * that * stupid to start beating random brown people as next week the capital 's market square would be filled with people with #refugeeswelcome signs which probably would be somewhat against their goals . 
  it was also already on the front page of r/worldnews but it got removed . 
  i guess you could call later posts reposts and delete them but in any case the news article is being censored in several subreddits . 
  seals maintain a network of breathing holes in the lakes during winter and they can hold their breath for a very long time and they 're fast swimmers so it probably wo n't have too much trouble finding another hole . 
  it just fucked up and got stranded on the ice for some reason and it 's hard to find a hole from above the ice , especially when you have to flubber around on your belly at crawl speed . 
  no , you need to be a citizen to join the army . 
  she means that it would have been nice to have 50 000 swedes ( or whatever swedish annual draft would be ) available to handle the refugees , maybe to build up temporary shelters and arrange food supply , help with registering them etc. 
  , with a very low price tag ( finland pays 5,10 $ per day for a six month conscript ) . 
  russians also have a stereotype of at least finns and estonians being slow and simple minded which explains the drawn out manner of speech . 
  might apply to some other nations as well . 
  more specifically it 's a male goat or buck , which translates into * pukki * in finnish . 
  bucks represent fertility in old pagan rituals and so they were also chosen as figures in pagan celebrations like * kekri * , which was an old finnish celebration for harvest . 
  a * kekripukki * might have looked like [ this ] ( https://relokatiivi.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/kekripukit.jpg ) and they indeed were n't meant to be jolly old figures but instead they were mischievous and somewhat malicious characters who went from house to house causing ruckus , playing tricks on the inhabitants and demanding small offerings like beer to behave . 
  sometimes they also offered small gifts for children behaving well and twigs for children behaving badly . 
  we also had [ * nuuttipukki * ] ( http://www.publistorm.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/nuuttipukki-finland-2.jpg ) which came to us from sweden but it was a somewhat similar character . 
  later on christianity condemned these pagan rituals and figures and eventually they were kind of rolled into santa claus without the less favorable traits which was a better fit for church but * pukki * still stayed in the name . 
  it 's sort of an artist name , his real name is johan julius christian sibelius which is n't an unusual name for a swedish speaking family . 
  he also was commonly called `` janne '' which is a very finnish name . 
  name `` jean '' comes from his uncle who was also named johan and he was a captain of a merchant ship and had printed business cards with the name `` jean sibelius '' . 
  he later died while on a trip at the seas and the younger johan found those business cards , liked the name and started using it as his alias when composing music . 
  one great tip when walking in a forest is to pick up a stick and bang it against a tree every once in a while . 
  this will make enough noise to make your presence known to bears and they will gtfo of the way in due time . 
  you 're probably looking for 5g then , it should improve both the range and the speeds , offering +100 mbit/s connections even to the edges of the cell . 
  1 gbit/s connections should also be possible with a strong connection . 
  yeah it 's possible to sleep outside even during winter months with a proper sleeping bag . 
  you can tighten it around your head so pretty much only your nose is poking outside from it and then the bag will retain your body heat and keep you alive . 
  in the army we had a chance to sleep outside while camping in the forest in a lean-to on a -20 c night but that was n't too popular of a choice , only two girls wanted to try it out and even they came into the tent few hours later . 
  but yes , in any case it indeed does suck ass to sleep outside . 
  iirc most of the `` combat footage '' shown in the clip is re-enacted to shoot some news reels to show for home front and it 's not good for morale if you see your own boys getting blown to bits . 
  the artillery shots are just small charges kicking up dirt . 
  mostly to save their bandwidth as in some cases reddit can generate surprisingly high amounts of traffic . 
  thought it would be fine to just credit the photographer and post the source as a comment . 
  it can still flare up again tonight so you might want to keep checking the sky . 
  yes , that 's from the regions.ru source which explains the `` non-traditional families '' which can not reproduce as the reason why nordic countries are so keen on snatching russian kids . 
  as the guy above explained , the article is a collection of different articles from the russian web so you are n't probably going to find an article with all of the mentioned stuff in one place . 
  http://www.ntv.ru/novosti/1539616 you missed that source . 
  shit translation from google translate . 
  this was posted twice before with better and more descriptive titles but mods seem to have a pretty hardcore stance on titles and removed them for `` editorialization '' . 
  [ oh no , they 're running us over !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsg8jccrzcw ), 
  was n't he the one who was openly bragging about just collecting his sizable salary while doing nothing in the euro parliament in some attempt to protest and spite the institution ? 
  or did i mix him up with someone else ? 
  it 's okay , he buried the shark in the ground at the picnic site last year so you can just dig it up and help yourself with it even without him being there . 
  fun fact : nightwish was once supposed to represent finland in eurovision , they won the public vote by a landslide but the jury vetoed it and instead sent some random pop singer who finished among the last places . 
  nightwish later commented that it was a good thing they did n't win the spot in the competition . 
  there 's studded tires which look like [ this ] ( http://www.consumerreports.org/content/dam/cro/news_articles/cars/nokian-hakkapeliitta-8-studio-10-2015-ii.png ) .
