where is your empire then ? 
  everybody steal the first place to the dutch , it 's an european tradition, 
  this is why i may be the only one who was n't happy when georgia had free travel visa in ue, 
  interesting read , thanks, 
  she was n't the only factor , but she had a huge impact . 
  it 's after her call to germany to welcome refugees and her open border policy , that a larger number of migrants than before reached europe . 
   do n't put this on all of us . 
  of course not , do n't take it the wrong way . 
  antisemitism is still a bit more prevalent in the general population in the east , even if it 's in western europe and particulary france where you 'll find the most violence against the jews . 
  i think some eastern europeans here are still quite a little anti-jewish, 
  but we have the mediterranean ... we really need to push planning parenthood in the aid package for countries in africa, 
  what does this mean for our treaty on immigration ? 
  so it begins, 
  i think south korea and north korea are the most homogenous countries in the world . 
  do you think his attacks against europe are going to continue after the referendum ? 
  between erdogan , trump , duterte , zuma , maduro and other nutjobs i consider more and more narnia as a backup, 
  mad men , one of the best tv show ever created and it 's not an overstatement, 
  for once i 'm behind the turks . 
  dutch cows worst cows !, 
  weak cheese !, 
  abondance cattle master cows !, 
  reblochon , abondance , tome , beaufort !, 
  also the old testament can be interpreted , contrary to the coran who must be taken literally, 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-12/turkey-s-dustup-with-dutch-goes-beyond-politics-quicktake-q-a  the netherlands is by far the biggest foreign investor in turkey , plowing in $ 20 billion in the decade up to 2015 , almost twice as much as second-place u.s. , according to a report on the turkish economy ministry 's website . 
  while business-friendly regulations in the netherlands mean not all of those companies are originally dutch -- even some turkish companies have carried out acquisitions in turkey using netherlands-based vehicles -- more than 2,500 dutch companies operate in turkey . 
  just this month , rotterdam-based vitol group bv agreed to pay almost $ 1.5 billion for omv petrol ofisi as , turkey 's largest network of fuel stations . 
  one of the reason is also to have access to the american market , peugeot and citro\u00ebn are not sold there, 
  why do german-turkish have a tendency to vote erdogan and are n't more liberal ? 
  the last jewnistan let me guess ... tom cruise ? 
  you are obviously confused with the definition of an attack , but i guess we will not agree on it as well . 
  last thing , algeria does n't consider it an attack against them and they really are not shy on calling france for their past mistakes , neither polynesians , they legitimately asked for compensations , and a law passed , the law morin to compensate the polynesians even if it 's still too low . 
  but still neither have considered it an attack, 
   if the bomb is not dropped over you but on the island next to you , i 'd say that 's also an attack so america attacked itself in new mexico ? 
   it 's like the us dropping a bomb on andorra and saying ` french people were never nuked ' . 
  we dropped it on our territory at the time , and france did a poor job in polynesia to have the less impact possible on the population . 
  but by no means it could be called an attack . 
  we did n't want to kill natives or gain something against them by the test . 
  france never used a nuke against ` natives ' !, 
  we tested them in algeria in the desert , and in polynesia in the ocean , even if i do n't agree with the tests in polynesia who were stupid and pointless and probably provoked cancer to some people, 
  metric system fuck yeah !!, 
  were you ashamed of your almost 15 000 karmas patrician ? 
  it was just a joke ... 
  generally when an englishman speaks french to us we say `` sorry , i do n't speak english '' and leave , we 're coqs and proud, 
  paddy please , it 's obviously nicolas tesselat, 
   the nasa has attributed a little quickly the discovery of seven new exoplanets . 
  as a result of international collaboration , research was largely carried out by european researchers , supported by eu funding . 
   the recent discovery of seven exoplanets , three potentially habitable , has set the scientific community in turmoil . 
  in an impressive communication operation , nasa has been quick to take credit for this major discovery . 
  only the us agency is not quite able to pull the cover to itself . 
   the results of an international study , largely carried out by belgian , british and french researchers , are largely to the credit of european institutions and the european union , which paid in particular 1.96 million to help advance research . 
   * the role of europe  as early as 2015 , three of the seven planets , two of them habitable , were discovered by the international team , led by belgian astrophysicist micha\u00ebl gillon thanks to the research carried out with the belgian telescope trappist , which gives its name to the system it allowed to discover . 
   a series of observations made at the southern european observatory , based in chile , is part of a larger project called speculoos ( search for habitable planets eclipsing ultra-cool stars ) . 
  other than the reference to the famous belgian biscuit , the european influence is considerable in this project of exploration of exoplanets , since it is financed thanks to a scholarship of the european research council . 
   the nasa spitzer telescope , used by the team from 2016 onwards , allowed to extend the search and discover the other four exoplanets of the system . 
   * an air of already seen  this is not the first time that the nasa , eclipsed its partners a little quickly . 
  past as a master in the art of storytelling , the american agency knows how to set itself up as the undisputed authority of aerospace exploration . 
  the james webb telescope , which will be used to study atmospheres of the exoplanets of trappist-1 , is thus presented as the toy of nasa , while esa and the csa , the canadian space agency , are also involved in its design . 
   but if the american agency shows a little too much eagerness to communicate on collective discoveries , it is clear that in front , the european agencies leave it open . 
  when nasa pulls out press conferences broadcast around the world , europe remains silent . 
  when the american agency floods its social networks with spectacular images , europe is content with a few tweets , passed unnoticed . 
   margaritis schinas , one of the spokespersons of the european commission , said the eu and european agencies should urgently improve their communication , as he told the us politico website . 
  asked if the eu should further highlight its contribution to major scientific discoveries , he said he was `` 100 % agreed '' and working with his team . 
  i 've used google translate for the translation , sorry if there are any faults, 
  hi , it 's me, 
  of course !, 
   that it was very bad is obvious to everyone but the historically illiterate right wingers . 
  it was n't just bad , good things came from it . 
  my grandfather , during colonisation , was a doctor who vaccinated for a few years the inhabitants who lived around lake chad against sleeping sickness who killed lots of people in the surroundings . 
  he was there for the sole purpose to help the native population . 
  france had a very paternalist approach and often took the responsibility to help the autochthonous . 
  yes , that 's marseille and its clientelism for you, 
   you ca n't take a bike out at night . 
  we had that in marseille also , because the taxis were afraid that this would concurrence them . 
  thanks, 
  can i have an eli5 on bants in scandinavia ? 
  edit : pls , i will curse a danish pastry in return, 
  i 'll upvote you \u029a \u2661 \u025e ( \u0942 \u2022 \u1d17 \u2022 \u0942 \u2741 ), 
  haha i will not vote hamon . 
  i do n't like fillon at all , but i 'm more right leaning , and i will vote lr because i think they have the best programme to make france grande again, 
   ps majority fuck that !, 
  never again , even if they make an agreement with em , do n't want them in the majority neither the french i think . 
  will see after the elections but em/ps will probably lose against lr for the legislative elections . 
  you 're not in r/france territory anymore !, 
  kneel before macron babylon !, 
  america cringe , norway cringiest, 
  r/murica first , r/thenetherlands second, 
  i love these types of threads , really proud of being european when i see them, 
  your mom has the dirtiest, 
  yes , we , men , kiss female coworkers for greetings in the morning . 
  but generally it 's in the south of france . 
  in france , generally we kiss the cheeks of women co-workers to say hello but we shake hands with men , except in the south where we kiss everybody . 
  you 're next !, 
  show me what you got, 
  i do n't like him since the scandal , but i 'm still voting fillon if he is still running, 
  what 's his stance on immigration ? 
  you , vs the cow she told you not to worry about, 
  we should build a bridge !, 
  and danemark will pay for it !, 
  when there is a funny german , you know you 're in an alternative timeline, 
  it 's really sad that only the rise of extremism push the european politicians to do the right thing .
