  if that 's the way belgian authorities handle these things then they 're in for a shitstorm when all the jihadi 's start returning without an isis membership card . 
  how much more suspicion would be needed besides suddenly travelling all the way to south-east turkey and trying to go into syria ? 
  yeah , only they can proof they are a doctor or journalist who are there for their job . 
  i think a moroccan travelling to syrian isis territory in midst of intense fighting is more than enough proof to link him to isis . 
  lots of unintegrated moroccans in the netherlands , so i guess those bastards also formed a big risk for the dutch . 
  well they did invade and annex parts of your country . 
  and you are angry because of damaged economic ties with russia ? 
  true , but the turks in the netherlands grew up in a very liberal and free society and yet they still turn out as a bunch of brainless yobaz . 
  not everyone though , but still the majority . 
  you should meet some of the turks in the netherlands . 
  so many erdogan worshippers it 's unbelievable . 
  oh no doubt that within a few hours erdogan will start talking about how a '' presidential system '' would solve all these problems . 
  he does n't care about people dying . 
  but according to the article they were n't even born in the netherlands . 
  your tinfoilhat is on a bit too tight i think . 
  if the russians would really want to get revenge they would probably down a jety or something , not setting off fucking bombs in cities . 
  they claim it is to contain any immediate chaos & panic . 
  but probably to be better able to spin this in akp 's favor , useless islamist scumbags . 
  do you even believe your own bullshit ? 
  finding a turkish erdogan lover on reddit is like finding a rabbi in mecca . 
  no , no one except for a few idiots celebrate the three pasha 's . 
  dear putin , i am sorry , sorry that your pilots ca n't navigate or use their radio . 
  xoxo erdogan . 
  uk and france are n't exactly '' nothing '' . 
  but yeah , losing a member with the balls to take down an intruding russian jet would be a big loss . 
  but now you 're talking about regular citizens with some extreme views and goals instead of governments . 
  pretty much any nation has those people . 
  are these pre - or post-war progroms ? 
  refugees keep/kept coming and i think the million refugees going to europe also includes a lot of people from countries other than syria ? 
  yes , the original shooting , the only shooting we 're discussing here . 
  that 's some interesting '' confirmation '' without a single arrest or suspect . 
  could also have been an extremist arab or somali of which sweden has quite a few of apparently ? 
  what ? 
  in your first post you clearly point out that turks did it . 
  attacker is identified as a man named salih necar , a syrian ypg member . 
  so we 're just going to ignore the 2 policemen killed in their sleep which ended the cease fire ? 
  by the time you were al dente . . 
  cool , grazi !, 
  that 's a really short article . 
  do any italian users have more info on this ? 
  how he 's suspected of laundering money ? 
  she 's probably like one of those white guilt people , only she does n't consider herself white but one of the colored/oppressed . 
  just weird shit . 
  you 're expecting too much common sense from a far left hippie . 
  wow , i did not know russia created a '90s hiphop group . 
  belarus ? 
  well , i hope you get to spend time on reddit instead of being drafted buddy !, 
  would the russian people in general really keep backing putin with the war in syria ? 
  i do n't see how the ordinary every day russian citizen would have any benefit to propping up assad ? 
  your hatred for turks is blinding you to the real world . 
  this is pathetic . 
  and there it is , took a pretty long time before someone brought up the armenians in this thread . 
  i was born and raised in the netherlands buddy , so you 're stories about brainwashing mean nothing to me . 
  come up with facts instead of irrelevant stories . 
  turkey is not and has never been an apartheid state . 
  stop spreading your lies . 
  that basement was not filled with civilians . 
  they were given multiple opportunities to let any civilians leave . 
  yet these '' civilians '' kept shooting at the soldiers and even the ambulances sent to pick up injured people in the basement . 
  assad giving the whole of northern syria to the ypg would also mean giving away control of a major water supply though . 
  not sure if he would really go that far after isis has been destroyed . 
  you really think a couple of low level wanted people would be arrested at a consulate , causing a diplomatic shitstorm ? 
  not to mentione all the people who claim to be prosecuted in turkey just so they can get refugee status and citizenship . 
  no they are not wanted , but i brought them up to show that kurds in europe are not dropping their connection to turkey en masse and there are proper political paths for them to pursue their desired rights . 
  afraid to go to the consulate ? 
  afraid of what exactly ? 
  there 's a german born kurd in the turkish parliament right now who speaks no turkish , ocalan 's cousin is even in the parliament . 
  ordinary kurdish people have nothing to fear . 
  only pkk terrorists do , and rightly so . 
  let 's stick to traditions and go for oil-wrestling . 
  no , nuking turkey would be the start . 
  yeah , who would have ever thought putin would be willing to invade another country ? 
  / s yes , full on sanctions by the entire world , the caucasus turned to a warzone , the rest of russia set in flames with terror attacks and turkey who will have 1 goal : exact revenge , whatever the cost may be . 
  thinking russia would use a nuke just to save assad is just plain stupid . 
  yeah , but he also said that muslims discovered the american continent . 
  would n't be the first time he 'd be talking out of his ass . 
  do you really think russia would decide to use and get away with dropping a nuke on turkey when the russian territorial integrity is n't even at risk by resorting to whataboutism ? 
  mrap 's , apc 's , self propelled howitzers , short range cruise missiles , drones , a bunch of other smaller stuff . 
  that 's what turkey spent itself . 
  what the eu is offering is just a drop in the bucket when looking at what has already been spent and what the future costs will be . 
  turkey has no problems with a kurdish state ( see relations with the krg ) . 
  they have a problem with the ypg which was founded by pkk terrorists and have deep links with each other . 
  regardless of what you think of turkey , this is a very legitimate objection/fear . 
  plus there are more kurds living in the western half of turkey than in the east , it 's not like they live parallel to the rest of the society . 
  putin can play this out against turkey , but on the other hand in such a case turkey can also ukraine with arms and training and '' helping '' in the caucasus . 
  no , that was before the ottomans . 
  the seljuk or oghuz turks converted to islam if i 'm not wrong . 
  i wish they did not make that conversion . 
  how would russia blockade turkey ? 
  no , that is the opinion of people with no understanding of geopolitics and ca n't think 2 steps ahead . 
  it may not have the nr 1 advanced army , but nato would lose a hell of a lot of strength and influence without turkey . 
  thanks for the interesting info man , quite eye opening . 
  well if i 'm wrong i 'm wrong . 
  i think the media and people like michael moore are telling me things about the us that turn out to be non-sense . 
  so no gun aisle at walmart in states like illinois , california & ny ? 
  well then , i stand corrected sir/madam . 
  no they do n't . 
  there is not a single european country that has less strict gun laws than any american state . 
  the small arms would n't make much of a difference no , but those milan missiles would though . 
  in arab communities probably but who cares .
