well , seems they 're pretty neutral on the netherlands . 
  is the tail rotor also spinning by the airstream or does the chopper itself spin on the way down too ? 
  which cheese are you guys talking about ? 
  did i say that israel did not object tot the sale ? 
  of course they are going to object even if it is n't a major deterrence . 
  again , read more carefully . 
  you are claiming things i did not say . 
  the f22 bombed isis targets , that 's all i said and that makes it battle proven . 
  does n't make much difference , they were lucky the pilot did not choose a different flight path . 
  as for your last remarks : using profanity is an indicator of running out of arguments . 
  you just ran out . 
  also , learn how to count , it 's : 1,2,3 not 1,1,2 . 
  yes , it 's way ahead on paper according to the russians . 
  the s300 does n't scare the israelis since they have all the counter measures and weapons needed to render it useless , it just makes it a little harder for them . 
  the f22 's have been bombing the shit out of isis . 
  the f117 was shot down with aa guns because it kept making sorties using the exact same flight path . 
  it was a lucky shot . 
  i 'm sure the f22 with american missiles can handle some mythical sam system that has never even been battle proven . 
  there are indeed too many idiots among the dutch turks , but you have to also remember that those erodogan fanboys have a very loud mouth . 
  and openly speaking just as loud against erdogan as a dutchturk also gets very aggressive reaction from the erdo fanboys . 
  as shameful as the akp voters are , voter turnout was just around 30 % which at least is a little bit comforting . 
  and then people get locked up for comparing him to voldemort . 
  actually there is a picture of him and his 1 . enemy fethullah gulen ( also his former partner ) . 
  having that pictures plastered everywhere would probably get his blood boiling pretty well . 
  edit : this one www.globalresearch.ca/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/erdogan-and-gulen2.jpg, 
  and those ridiculous '' quote of the day '' you 're forced to read . 
  that website just sucks ass . 
  visa free travel means being able to travel as a tourist for 90 days maximum . 
  it 's not a right to work and live . 
  crimea is/was part of ukraine . 
  what kind of argumentation would be needed ? 
  it 's true , polish forest violated russian airspace . 
  these are moroccans , not turks . 
  so , remove cous cous ? 
  why would greeks hate the us ? 
  is n't the greek-american diaspora pretty big too ? 
  ah , it seems i have mixed up my stereo types . 
  do n't forget to squat . 
  praise blatter . 
  i see you writing all these insightfull posts on different subjects . 
  do you know all this because of your profession or are just really smart ? 
  ( if i may ask ) . 
  them intervening militarily in azeri territory would drag in other parties like turkey for obvious reasons and the us , uk & israel with varying interests in azerbaijan . 
  then they would end up with 3 conflicts on their hands and that 's assuming that separatist groups elsewhere in the caucasus do n't start making noise again . 
  i mean escape not because of this leak but in the long run if some day his luck runs out . 
  yeah true , he 's also getting a vip chinook soon too as if the presidential plane was n't enough . 
  for now yes , but someone like him probably also has some kind of contingency plan in case he has to flee the country or something like that . 
  disappointingly no erdogan , wonder where he stores his loot . 
  aside from the corruption , yes they would have . 
  the economic boom in the akp early years were thanks to reforms lead by kemal dervis . 
  so it 's not as if the akp is filled with economic geniusses . 
  are n't those mostly just football hooligans ? 
  there is the possibility that with him suddenly gone , the akp would split up after a power struggle . 
  if these splinter parties get below 10 % then the chp could benefit from that the same way the akp in the first elections . 
  fwiw , i thought it was pretty funny . 
  he 'd be dead and reviled by his islamist constituents . 
  there is nothing pan-turkist about what my views . 
  armenia occupies karabakh , deported all azeri 's and supporting the azeri side somehow makes me a pan-turkist ? 
  yes , and ? 
  i 'm ethnically turkish , hence why dutch turk . 
  it 's like talking to a brick wall . 
  of course it is over for you when you can only keep repeating things like a parrot . 
  well after surviving a genocide they got all rights to '' cry '' if you want to call it like that . 
  also , you 're replying to the wrong user i think . 
  i do n't even have a turkish passport so please , stop talking like you know me . 
  and yes , the diaspora , especially in the netherlands are filled with reactionary conservative people unfortunately . 
  obviously you do , and this arrogant attitude you continuously display really does n't make you look smarter . 
  supporting the azeri side does not make me any less dutch . 
  taking back occupied territory has jack shit to do with the scorged earth strategy to which you are referring with your '' ghengis khan '' approach . 
  i said nothing insulting to any ethnic group , so i really do n't understand where you are accusing me of supporting supremacist policies . 
  he 's not my president . 
  what kind of ridiculous question is that ? 
  especially coming from someone who presents himself as some kind of enlightened pro-democracy freedom of speech falcon . 
  i 'm a dutch turk , i love both countries . 
  the past years the netherlands more than turkey . 
  having opinions that do n't please you now means i should n't have a dutch flair ? 
  and this is coming from a native german who seems to be spreading pkk propaganda 24/7 on reddit . 
  why do n't you change your flair ? 
  heh , the usual suspects pop-up again . 
  the population is all armenian because the azeri 's were killed and deported from there . 
  karabak is occupied by armenia and baku has every right to take it back . 
  he 's a jedi ? 
  romanian hellstorm coming in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  as opposed to letting millions of ignorant conservative villagers and islamist fools vote for islamic parties ? 
  the military had their faults , but you ca n't exactly let democracy have free reign in a country like turkey . 
  so ... anschluss with nederland finally ? 
  a stereotypical jihadi with a beard and dress . 
  yes , i 'm sure hundreds of thousands of syrians will be coming over with fake biometric passports which wo n't be checked by the customs officers . 
  hey man why do n't you pay back those loans !!, 
  * stomp - clap - stomp - clap *, 
  even with the will , which island would be usable for europe ? 
  you really have no idea what is going on in the region buddy . 
  the krg 's best ally right now is probably turkey , receiving funding and arming , investments etc. 
  but you keep on believing that turkey is settling some score with '' the kurds '' . 
  the pkk does not equal all kurds . 
  the pkk is simply a terrorist organization carrying out attacks like in brussels . 
  there are even kurdish ministers in the cabinet and millions of kurdish akp voters , so no they are not oppressed . 
  it 's the attitude of people like you that gets belgium 's security apparatus in such a shit state . 
  you 're country is openly harboring and protecting terrorists for decades and when a jihadi is handed over on a silver plate that apparantly ca n't be handled correctly either . 
  and you 're still seem to be in denial of how your government is fucking it 's people .
