  personal favourite is either [ copshawholme fair ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbsdxszqxxw ) . 
  [ death and the lady ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ictgdfrcwhi ) ( apologies for the appalling sound quality , best vid i could find ) or [ the outlandish knight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yh-tihcjyxa ) . 
  i would argue that jon boden is one of our most talented and criminally underrated ( outside of folk circles at least ) musicians of the last decade . 
  pour some water into the basin , get the right temperature ( just as easy whichever system you 're using ) and then proceed to wash your face . 
  it 's easily doable with a mixer tap or without . 
  i was more thinking the bearings on the tap itself - with a mixer it needs to travel up and down * as well as * side-to-side . 
  single taps are just a rotation . 
  regardless , for equal plumbing systems ( same pipe pressure/diameter ) having 2 taps will be quicker than having 1 . 
  so my argument stands . 
  as for your assertion that `` i like badly functioning systems '' , that is complete rubbish . 
  the taps here work absolutely fine ; just because they are n't mixer taps it does n't mean they do n't work . 
  i still see no reason for your downvote , especially the ` mixing tap is difficult ' argument - that 's actually something i agree with because i 'm not used to mixing taps , and that 's a valid point . 
  when you 've got 2 systems that work equally well it 's fine to prefer the one you 're used to . 
  nah , just the downvotes . 
  i 'm fine with people having different opinions , but apparently some people ( i 'm not including you in this ) are not . 
  it 's absolutely absurd , and it 's something i 've noticed over the last year or so . 
  there 's a significant number of people who 've lost the ability to go `` you have your opinion , and i have my opinion , * and that 's ok * '' . 
  it 's not stupid reasoning . 
  it 's having an opinion on something that does n't affect anyone else and is an entirely personal choice . 
  i like having seperate taps . 
  you prefer having a single one . 
  this is fine by me , but apparently not fine by you . 
  just like / u/bobkellylikes , they suit my needs as well . 
  i only really use the hot tap when washing up , and then ( depending on the plumbing ) i might only use the hot tap . 
  in addition , there 's less moving parts , so less to go wrong ( however rare that may be ) . 
  i like things i can rely on to work , so that is also an advantage for me . 
  i also find i can dispense water from taps that only dispense cold * or * hot more quickly than a tap that does both , meaning i have to spend less time , for example , washing up , or running a bath . 
  even if a tap that does both can dispense water at the same rate as a tap that only does one temperature , it will only be half as quick as a system where you 've got 2 taps . 
  therefore , for the purposes of saving time ( something i value highly ) having 2 taps is better than 1 . 
  i can adjust the temperature just as easily having seperate taps in this scenario as i would with a single tap . 
  therefore , for my purposes , having seperate taps is better . 
  seconded . 
  makes me glad for subs like / r/casualuk ( they do n't have downvote buttons for reasons like this . 
  downvoting 's still possible through changing some settings but it makes it much more of an effort ) . 
  but that 's still no reason to downvote . 
  i 'm not saying you did , and in fact you sound very reasonable so i very much doubt you did , but it 's ridiculous that i 'm being downvoted because i like having seperate taps . 
  even if it 's not logical , even if it 's objectively inferior . 
  people can like things just because they like them . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  still not a reason to downvote . 
  so you 're still just downvoting because i like different things to you . 
  i agree , but it 's not done me any harm thus far , and it 's not as if me liking having seperate taps is hurting anyone else . 
  so why i am i being downvoted ? 
  i 'm seriously disappointed with the sub right now . 
  and that 's fine , you 're welcome to your opinion . 
  apparently ( i 'm currently on -5 ) i 'm not welcome to mine . 
  i 'm truly disappointed in this sub right now . 
  i 'm not hurting anyone , what i 've said is entriely relevant , i just like having seperate taps . 
  why ? 
  seriously , why ? 
  it 's not as if me liking and having seperate taps affects you in any way whatsoever . 
  downvoting is for comments not relevant to the conversation , not for disagreements . 
  thanks , anyway . 
  i 'm currently on -5 just because i like my taps . 
  ridiculous , is n't it ? 
  meanwhile jaaval says that they 'll ` downvote anyone who defendes stupidity with stupid arguments ' , and is on 3 . 
  wow . 
  i thought this sub was a welcoming place . 
  no idea why you 're being downvoted . 
  are people really so passionate about taps that they 'll downvote someone who has a different opinion on them ? 
  i have to say i agree with you . 
  no , but i 'd very much like to one day . 
  i 'd have loved to go and see palmyra , but apparently is destroyed a lot of it . 
  obviously the terrorism and murdering is their biggest crime , but i 'd say that 's up there - they evidently do n't have any respect for their * own * culture/history , never mind anybody else 's . 
  places like palmyra are irreplaceable . 
  i think it was originally sung in spanish but it might have been the other way round . 
  nice flag . 
  canada , ecuador , uk , ghana , japan , new zealand, 
  fairly poor , and worsening . 
  it 's the same arguments you mention . 
  geographic , nothing more, 
  go to the winchester , have a nice cold pint , and wait for all of this to blow over . 
  i 've seen it occasionally , but not often at all . 
  last time i saw it was for someone 's graduation so they may have been put up specially for the occasion . 
  i must say i think the ending was somewhat inevitable , but i think the ending where you decide to save the town could have been done better . 
   a lot of people are just fed-up with the tories , they do n't necessarily agree with labour and its policies case in point , me . 
  this is why i voted lib dem . 
  i would say that i 've shifted from centre-right to centre . 
  that being said , i ca n't ever see myself shifting any further left , certainly not with the current leadership that the labour party has . 
  i support brexit now because that 's how the country voted , so it should happen ; i was 50/50 at the time of the vote . 
   federalisation should mean a bigger voice for every member of the union no matter where they 're from , instead of the mess we have now where some citizens rightfully feel some people are too powerful simply because of where they were born in the union . 
  yes , it * should * . 
  but i do n't believe it * would * . 
  suddenly , instead of being in an umbrella organisation ( the eu ) that can be left at basically any time , you 're part of the same country ( that ca n't easily be left ) with ultimate control in one particular place by a few particuar people , which is exactly the same as it is now . 
  unless of course you give absolute power to the regions , in which case what 's the point ? 
  you may as well just have kept it as it was . 
  even in a federal-style future , it would still be ultimately controlled by a few people who a portion , and likely a sizeable minority , disagree with . 
  i fail to see how that 's really any better than what we have now . 
  except in this situation , it 's become really difficult to leave the eu if it 's going in a direction the majority of your region disagree with , because you 're not just part of an organisation , you 're part of a treaty . 
  unless you include a specific piece of legislation enabling regions to leave , which again is no different from what we have at the moment , other than a region probably being weaker if it left than a country ( if it left ) . 
  so all you 've done is kept a region in this federal future because you 've designed the situation in such a way that it 'll be absolutely crippled if it leaves , which is somewhat against european values , i 'd suspect . 
  one of the few things i like about the eu today ( or so i thought ) is that there 's something that enables countries to leave if they want . 
  i believe it is wrong to keep a country within an organisation if the people want to leave . 
  this would be made significantly more difficult if the eu was to federalise . 
  ps : on a side note , a number of people here ( particularly the scots but also those in northern england - i do n't know about the welsh and northern irish ) get fed up at times with being controlled from * london * . 
  i 'm sure you can imagine how much someone with that mindset could be really fed up with feeling they 're being controlled by brussels , which is in a different * country * . 
  why the aggression ? 
  in any case , i did n't vote leave ; i am however ambivalent towards the eu . 
  the uk held a democratic vote , the uk voted to leave , and now we 're exiting the eu using a piece of legislation designed to allow countries to leave if the public has voted to leave . 
  i honestly do n't see why you evidently feel the need to be aggressive towards me just because i 'm from the uk .
