  some countries are ( sadly ) still 3rd world , and some even have the influence of communism still , but much of the western world is every bit as developed as the us , and many of the 3rd world countries are slowly but surely getting better . 
  programs in africa are helping people to have access to education , healthcare , clean water . 
  somalia are slowly getting on top of their issues . 
  elsewhere , landmines are being found and safely dealt with . 
  people worldwide are generally having better lives as the years go by . 
  if you do believe these things i can see how you might see it as a personal attack , but i think most people are at best fed up with how some of your fellow americans see the rest of the world , and fed up with being dragged into things that have nothing to do with us because the us has asked us to . 
  i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and say that you 're naive about how much of what your country does is actually ` good ' , and how much is done out of goodwill . 
  i do n't know to be honest . 
  most people seem to have very little connection to or even knowledge of the empire . 
  personally i feel no connection to that era , other than with things like the industrial revolution ( and arguably the first world war , although i 'm not sure if the empire was starting to end by then ) . 
  ca n't speak for the government , but i think the average brit moved on a long time ago . 
  that being said , we do like to have some feeling of influence/power - which may well stem from the days of empire , even though ( for example ) we barely have a navy anymore . 
  personally i 'd like our navy to be a little bigger , if only because it would give us a greater chance of defending places like the falklands if they should ever be invaded again . 
  thankfully the current argentinean government seems more willing to accept the status quo than the last one . 
  well , black mirror 's orignally ours ( there 's more series of it that were made before the move to netflix or wherever ) . 
  i 'd imagine that would keep going , it would just go back to being broadcast here ( and hopefully elsewhere ) . 
  there is no inferiority complex . 
  there is , however , a fair amount of scepticism on how ` good ' the us and it 's actions are . 
  so you 're advocating the eu not giving countries the freedom to democratically decide to leave ? 
  you 're advocating punishment for taking a democratic decision ? 
  is that really what you want the eu to be about ? 
  i did n't vote leave ( i 'd probably rather stay at this point ) but statements like yours do n't exactly help with wanting people/countries to stay in the eu . 
  you are correct , as far as i 'm aware most british people do n't see themselves as being european , or at least not to the extent those on the continent do . 
  might be something to do with being an island separated from the rest of europe . 
  reasonably big , i mean , we hosted it not that long ago . 
  i take it as an opportunity to watch sports that are n't normally on tv . 
  during last year 's olympics , i found myself watching rugby sevens , trap shooting , archery , greco-roman wrestling , rowing . 
  although for me the best part was maria-the-bride-to-be , her family , and their appearances on tv with dan walker . 
  absolutely hilarious ( seriously , look it up if you have the time ) . 
  that is one issue with nuclear fission , but it is improving . 
  as with most technologies , it 's constantly getting better - spent fuel can be reprocessed , low-level waste can be cleaned . 
  there still will be some waste though , my big hope is that we manage to develop usable nuclear fusion so we do n't have those issues . 
  i 'd be less understanding if it was about the ( very low ) possibility of blowing up to be honest , 
  out of interest , what do you have against atomic plants ? 
  i get the whole thing with chernobyl and fukushima but germany does n't have either of the issues that caused those failures . 
  but why make it worse than it already is ? 
  why give them the chance to play mental gymnastics with anything he says ? 
  that one i do watch , 
  it 's not just what he could potentially do through congress . 
  his actvity on twitter worries me as well - one day , he 's going to say something really stupid and antagonise people too much . 
  his stance on islam has me particularly worried - what better propaganda for is to use than the leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world saying he wants to have a `` total and complete shutdown '' on muslims entering the us ( speech from late 2015 ) . 
  not any other religion , just muslims . 
  it 's the sort of statement is would want him to make , because they can use it to their advantage . 
  it 's that kind of rhetoric that worries me . 
  not to mention his more recent comments on both china and nato . 
  i 'm not suggesting my sample size is representative . 
  i 'm using anecdotal evidence to combat statements such as `` so much of the hatred against the eu was specifically because of the flood of evil foreigners coming to take your jobs and undermining the nhs and whatnot . '', 
  do you know this for a fact ? 
  have you spoken to people on the street ? 
  i 'm not saying my statement is more than anecdotal evidence ( it is n't ) but i 'd argue yours is n't any better . 
  yes , we have a backwards voting system that does n't really work . 
  but like i said , i 'd argue that ukip are n't truly racist , there may be a touch of it in there but as far as i 'm concerned their main platform is to leave the eu . 
  personally i 'll be interested to see how much of the vote they get in the next election , now that we are leaving . 
  as for that evidence , like i said , that was the most recent that i could find . 
  i 'll also be interested to see what happens in the next few years , as the people committing hate crimes realise that most of the country does not agree with them , and their crimes are not acceptable . 
  however , it is obvious that i am not going to change your mind , so i wo n't argue the point any further . 
  one last thing , whoever it is that is downvoting me ( not pointing fingers ) , you can disagree without downvoting . 
  if i hover over the downvote button , a box comes up saying `` this is n't appropriate/relevant ! '', 
  none of what i have said is inappropriate , and it 's certainly not irrelevant . 
  i am relatively new to reddit , but i put this forward as an argument not to be downvoted ( although feel free to disagree with me on any of the points in the debate , as that 's what a debate 's all about ) . 
  ca n't say i 've heard of it , but apparently it is indeed swedish . 
  not a bad idea , as far as i 'm aware the few swedish crime dramas that have been shown here have done extremely well . 
  i have been surrounded by all sorts of people during my lifetime , including many people who i do n't like . 
  the vast , vast majority of them are not racist in the slightest . 
  the uk is not deeply racist . 
  yes , there are racist people ( as you get in any country ) and yes , there has been a spike in incidents since the brexit vote , but that does n't mean the entire country is deeply racist . 
  in the last election , ukip came third with 12.7 % of the vote - only narrowly ahead of the lib dems ( who have suffered a massive decline in popularity after they went into a coalition with the conservatives ) and that 12.7 % led to exactly one seat in parliament , out of 650 . 
  i do n't know about you , but i would n't say having one seat out of 650 is ` doing well ' . 
  this makes them the joint-tenth biggest party in parliament . 
  in any case i would n't say ukip run entirely on a platform of racism - i do n't agree with them , but from what i 've seen they 're not racist compared to , say , the bnp , or the edl . 
  as of 2014 ( these are the most recent stats i can find ) the uk is 71st in the world for violent hate crime , just below italy and just above cyprus - but also below finland ( 68th ) , the netherlands ( 65th ) , new zealand ( 61st ) , australia ( 60th ) , belgium ( 47th ) , the us ( 45th ) , sweden ( 37th ) , ireland ( 31st ) and france ( 27th ) . 
  132 nations and territories are included on that list , so the uk is actually in the bottom half . 
  agreed , i 'm just fortunate that the subject i was passionate about and the subject i was remotely talented at were the same . 
  sorry , do you want some tea ? 
  i drink it with the queen you know , what !, 
   the xenophobia against `` eastern europeans '' radically changed my opinion you always get a few idiots , but please trust me when i say the vast majority of us are n't xenophobic ( and also that the leave vote was n't about xenophobia , more about not liking the eu as an organisation . 
  i did n't vote leave myself but i know people who did ) . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted ? 
  on the xenophobia topic i 've said the same as the user above ( quote : `` you will get bigots everywhere . '' ), 
  and on the leave vote , that was from my perspective of knowing people who voted leave , and knowing some of the reasons that they did ( none of which had anything to do with any kind of xenophobia ) . 
  i think stem degrees are being pushed more - i myself am nearing the end of an astrophysics degree - but i do wonder if some people do arts degrees because they 're seen as being ` easier ' . 
  i know i 've never felt like i have much time for social things ( which is fine , i 'm not massively into drinking/clubbing anyway ) but i can imagine a number of people choosing ` easier ' degrees because they want more time for fun , and a more relaxing university experience . 
  of course most people probably choose them out of passion for the subject , which is soemthing i do n't disagree with if they think they can get the job they want at the end of it . 
   we try our best to be a country of goodwill and love a lot of people do n't see it that way . 
  the us is a country that , like every other country , has it 's own agenda and acts on it , not because of goodwill but because there is a particular way it wants the world to look . 
  sometimes it benefits the rest of us as well , a lot of the time it does n't - whether that means it has no effect or a negative effect . 
  to be honest there 's already one example i can think of off the top of my head that the chinese could argue about their government being ` good ' . 
  there 's a number of rail systems in africa that have been built , funded and run by china . 
  this is good for the people of those countries in that it means they have a transport system they can potentially use to get around , which ( again potentially , i do n't know the stats ) makes their lives easier . 
  good , yes ? 
  but on the other hand , it gives china more influence in africa , and to pretend that china works out of the goodness of it 's heart and not it 's own interests is patently ridiculous - look at what they 've done with some of the islands that are disputed in the south china sea . 
  all countries work to their own agenda , but countries like the us and china are powerful enough to regularly act on it . 
  the us has ( i think ) more allies because a number of it 's interests happen to coincide with those of a number of other countries . 
  seconded , even with their activities in the south china sea . 
  not that i disagree with the us on all levels , not by any stretch , but i would n't call them benign . 
  i 'd say the more accurate description is that the us works with other democratic countries and tries to topple leaders they do n't like if it would be an advantage to have someone else in charge , even if it means leaving a right mess of a country ( no infrastructure , power vacuum etc. ), 
  occasionally they do some good ( obama 's thawing of relationships with cuba comes to mind ) but they certainly are n't the big friendly do-gooders the op seems to think they are . 
  they work for their own interests , like everybody else . 
  that their interests happen to include making allies of other rich , democratic nations is where the benefit comes for us . 
   a benevolent america that pretty much protects all of you ?
