  i very , very much hope britain never even considers doing the same thing . 
  the only thing this is likely to do to the number of terrorist attacks is increase them , because trump has now added a great amount of propaganda for is . 
  they can now say ` look , the us bans you based on your nationality - they bomb your homes , then refuse to help you . 
  why do n't you join us in the fight against them ? ', 
  i do n't agree with is , but if they are to be defeated , this is exactly the wrong thing to do . 
  i do n't believe i have ever felt so outraged at something that a supposedly democratic , western nation has done . 
  i 'm not even sure i felt this outraged at russia 's annexation of crimea - and that was a terrible , terrible thing . 
  this also makes life just a little more dangerous for my country , partly because we 're associated with the us anyway and partly because theresa may apparently refused to criticise the ban . 
  trump and his fans have just made things a whole lot more dangerous for pretty much everybody in both the us and europe . 
  no country is terrorist-prone . 
  in any case , apparently 15 of the 19 people involved in 9/11 were from saudi arabia . 
  are they on the list ? 
  so if your justification is about terror , the argument tears itself down . 
  in short , the ban is absolutely disgraceful , a huge number of innocent people ( from the us , europe and the middle east ) are now in more danger , and i sincerely hope that britain never does anything like this . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i did n't fully understand or feel knowledgable enough to properly answer all the statements , but according to that test i am left-libertarian , with a -2.75 score on economy and -4.15 on social . 
  this surprises me actually , as i 've always considered myself very central , perhaps leaning very slightly to the right . 
  according to the comparison with parties in the 2015 uk general election , there are n't many parties near me , although the lib dems are probably the closest major party ; they are , however , on the opposite side of the board , so ... 
  [ besame ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgvvcc9t2ea ) , [ gagarin , i loved you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uegl4q-g6ey ) , or [ nessun dorma ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2szsxtbczoa ) . 
  love them all for different reasons ( mainly the last 2 though ), 
  i love the universe of airborn - not sure whether you 'd count that as sci-fi but i like the idea of living in a universe with airships rather than planes . 
  mortal engines is good too , but my favourite series is firefly , so that would be amazing ( minus the reavers , obviously ) . 
  reasonable , although in my opinion the tudors , romans and ww2 are covered too many times . 
  at the end of my history education i could tell you loads about them , but very , very little of pre-tudor britain ( apart from the romans ) . 
  that 's over 1000 years that i know pretty much nothing about my own country . 
  on the other hand we also did ww1 and vietnam , so they were interesting . 
  not italian , but i 'd say 8th out of around 200 is still pretty good . 
   i know some people are mad the the english for the oucome of the brexit referendum i do n't know why this is to be honest . 
  53.4 % of those who voted in england voted to leave - so nearly half of those who voted did n't want to leave . 
  furthermore wales were nearly as in favour of leaving ( 52.5 % ) but despite this nobody seems to be having a go at them . 
  scotland and northern ireland were 38 % and 44.2 % leave , respectively - which is also interesting , because quite obviously there is a significant minority in scotland who want to leave , so it 's not as if they were all for remaining either . 
  it 's not how you think it is . 
  could n't have put it better myself, 
  in terms of cities , money no object , i 'd love to live in geneva . 
  been there twice and it 's one of the most beautiful places i 've ever been to . 
  i love the peace and quiet of the old part of town . 
  failing that , the netherlands . 
  been there twice too , and absolutely adore it . 
  not sure which city though , i have n't been to any dutch cities except for a day trip to amsterdam ( my home 's more rural anyway , so i 'd probably feel more at home in the countryside ) . 
  i make sure i go out when it 's light , but the big thing is that i 've learnt to love the dark , to love winter . 
  i appreciate the winter when it 's here , and look forward to the spring , summer and autumn when it 's not . 
  well rugby has a league that covers 4 countries . 
  ca n't think of any others though . 
  the police is national , but split into local constabularies - according to wikipedia there 's 45 of them . 
  i do n't know for definite but i suspect most officers are relatively local , unless they 've moved at any point in their lives . 
  i have n't had any interactions with on-duty policemen ( i had a friend when i was young whose dad was a policeman ) but for the most part they seem like pretty decent people , and try to do the best job they can . 
  i am fine with the government having police powers . 
  our police are there to help people as well as arrest those who need to be arrested , and they ( generally ) do a fine job of it . 
  the majority of the government consists of local mps who are ( generally ) just ordinary people with a passion for politics and their area , in the same way that our police are just ordinary people trying to do a tough job . 
  i am concerned by the government having police powers ( although the recent ` snooper 's charter ' is something i find a bit iffy , but i do n't really know enough about it to have a proper opinion ) . 
  i would have liked sanders to win , but once the primaries were over i was supporting hillary . 
  trump worries me deeply . 
  if he carries out half the things he said he would , then i fear for the consequences . 
  i do n't know about the average person , but i would n't say i 'm either particularly . 
  it 's more about proportion to me . 
  to be honest the few girls i have been attracted to have had really nice eyes , so that 's probably it for me - i can appreciate if a woman is in good shape , but the eyes make the big difference . 
  i think i 've had something like this ( whilst on holiday in the netherlands ) and it was absolutely delicious , one of the best soups i 've ever tasted . 
  i mean i have n't seen any of his stand-up comedy , but on the programmes he 's been on he 's been really good . 
  maybe it 's just me , there 's english comedians that i ca n't stand but millions love . 
  but this one does n't . 
  but leaving the eu through article 50 is n't breaking a contract . 
  article 50 states `` any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . '', 
  in other words , any country is free to leave if the people vote to do so . 
  therefore , leaving the eu is n't breaking a contract , it 's activating an entirely intentional get-out clause within a contract . 
  for the same reason that you can resign from your job if you give sufficient notice to your employers , you can leave the eu if you give them sufficient notice . 
  article 50 has nothing about breaking any contract , or threatening any kind of punishment for leaving . 
  it simply says you 're free to leave if you choose to do so , and that the arrangements for withdrawal and making new treaties will be agreed upon by the withdrawing country and the eu . 
  i do n't know if he 's active at all in germany , but henning wehn 's hilarious . 
  what you 're saying is that anybody is free to leave but should be severely punished for leaving . 
  that would mean that countries are not free to leave . 
  imagine if your boss said to you , ` yes you can leave your job , but you 'll have to pay me thousands of euros to do so ' . 
  not so free now , is it ? 
  it has nothing to do with germans , more that nobody wants another chernobyl . 
  safety procedures for nuclear power absolutely must be followed - it can be incredibly dangerous if not . 
  from my pov , nuclear power is safe as long as it is built and operated correctly , and is n't used in potentially vulnerable areas ( like fukushima ) . 
  in any case it will hopefully be irrelevant relatively soon as nuclear fusion will hopefully come about . 
  according to reuters , japan 's nuclear capability had to be replaced by gas and coal . 
  it is also reported elsewhere that along with adding renewables and making fossil fuel plants more efficient , some of the capacity had to be replaced with coal . 
  obviously germany ca n't be fuelled by coal forever , so that will eventually have to be replaced by another source , whether it 's nuclear or renewable . 
  you can be protective of your nation whilst accepting it 's flaws . 
  there is a list mentioned elsewhere in this thread of authoritarian regimes held up by the us . 
  is every one of them in the name of fighting terrorism ? 
  i doubt it . 
  i agree we have to do something about terrorism , but not everything the us does is about terrorism . 
  so you say that `` noone is preventing anybody from leaving '' , then agree that you should make an effort to prevent anybody from leaving ? 
  forgive me if that seems a little contradictory . 
  from my point of view countries should be free to leave if a ) they feel that being in the eu is no longer of benefit to them , and b ) they hold a vote and the vote is to leave . 
  if being in the eu really is that much better then those countries will be punished through not being involved . 
  if you feel you have to actively punish countries for leaving then it does make me wonder if being in the eu really is that much better than not being in the eu . 
  chernobyl happened because a ) the design was inherently dangerous and b ) certain safety procedures were not followed because the engineers were under pressure from those above them . 
  modern designs are much , much safer and safety procedures will be followed . 
  fukushima happened because the backup power got flooded and shut down , due to a tsunami which in turn was due to the earthquake . 
  as far as i 'm aware , germany does n't get earthquakes on anything approaching the same scale and i certainly do n't recall any tsunamis happening in germany , so it should be fine . 
  i 'm all for renewables but i do n't think they can entirely replace what we have now , so nuclear is a must to fill that gap . 
  punishing countries for leaving seems a good way of preventing countries from leaving to me . 
  it 's not an attack on you personally , it 's a disliking of your country 's actions overseas . 
  that being said , you do come across as thinking that your country can do no wrong , and believing all the nonsense that the us is the one nation that stands for democracy , freedom etc. 
  it 's reasonably common to find people purporting to be from the us who seem to believe that their country is the only country with democracy , freedom etc. 
  and that all other countries are either 3rd-world disaster zones where people do n't have electricity or running water , or communist , or both . 
  this is obviously ridiculous .
