  i live in a very safe area , but still , a few decades ago a man raped and killed 2 schoolgirls . 
  he lived in the village i live in now . 
  me and my sibling both went to the school that the schoolgirls went to , though not at the same time . 
  munich is safe . 
  the odds of a terrorist attack happening where you are when you are there are incredibly small anywhere in the western world . 
  the odds of being murdered in a non-terrorism related attack are also incredibly low , especially as i 'm presuming you wo n't ( as a tourist ) be joining any gangs , buying drugs off dodgy people , loaning from loan sharks or frequenting dark alleyways on a regular basis whilst you are here . 
  obviously those not involved in the criminal world get murdered very occasionally as well , but it 's not exactly common . 
  certainly not common enough for tourists to be put off visiting . 
  yes . 
  i do n't currently have plans to visit but that 's because a ) i do n't live near it and b ) i do n't have the money for a holiday right now . 
  i would have absolutely no qualms about going if given the chance . 
  assuming you 're from the us , it 's probably safer than comparable cities there . 
  you can disagree with people whilst still having respect for them . 
  i disagree with most labour politicians but still have a lot of respect for some of them ( particularly sadiq khan ) . 
  the same , as evidenced above , goes for the tories . 
  jacob rees-mogg . 
  fair enough if some do n't agree with his policies but he talks sense , he listens to people and he at least gives the impression that he 's trying to help things , which is more than can be said for most politicians . 
  he 's one of only two or three that i have any respect for . 
  it really does n't bother me at all . 
  usually socks and slippers , only barefoot when it 's hot . 
  the opioid epidemic is creeping it 's way in here , but hopefully we 'll crack down on it before it becomes too big of a deal . 
  there is a standard for much of europe , but i know the uk at least uses a different plug . 
  [ obligatory tom scott video ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uefp1okkz_q ), 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm happy to work together via treaties and whatnot , but not as a single country or a federation . 
  i 've seen some claim both von braun and hawking . 
  i 'd say hawking 's slightly more reasonable seeing as there 's not many people who would have heard his actual accent . 
  still though . 
  the uk , i love living here . 
  the only thing i 'd have changed is to live nearer the coast ( i live about as far away from the coast as it 's possible to live in the uk ) . 
  if it * had * to be another country , i 'd say the netherlands . 
   i 'd say it 's either uk ( but only london ! ), 
  why only london , out of interest ? 
  ca n't say i 've heard of it . 
  i was assuming you just missed out the r in ` country ' . 
  and yes , i know about the other counties , seeing as i live in one . 
  where did you go then , if not london ? 
  kiribati , no question . 
  blue and white lines to represent waves , a golden sunrise/sunset and a golden bird flying above the waves . 
  top marks for creativity . 
  edit : [ flag ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/webimage/flags/countrys/zzzflags/kilarge.gif ) do n't know if that 's worked properly , i 'm on mobile edit 2 : fixed . 
   well , at least having sometime visited the capital of their county ... and like he says , not all of the uk is like london . 
  i 'd actually argue it 's one of the * least * typically british cities in the country . 
  i myself have only seen maybe 3 people wearing one in my life , and all of them since i went to university - and one of those is a friend ( so i 've seen her on a fairly regular basis ) . 
  i live just south of leicester , a city which if i remember rightly is now less than 50 % white british , so it 's not because i 've been isolated from different cultures . 
  i have also not spent time in prison , so do n't try to use that argument ( not that it 's much of an argument ) . 
  do n't insult him for telling you something about his experience of his own country - evidently you know what catalonia is like , having lived there , but ( again evidently ) you 've seen very , very little of the uk . 
  using your argument i could say that all of catalonia is like barcelona . 
  but of course , i wo n't because obviously it is n't all big cities and tourist hotspots . 
  when it comes to life in the uk , he knows far more than you do . 
  visiting london a few times does not come close to a lifetime of living here . 
  and like we both say , london is different to the rest of the uk . 
  vastly different in some ways . 
  it is not representative of britain as a whole . 
  we do not all live in big cities , we do not all travel to work by underground train , we do not all see famous buildings on our daily commute . 
  in short , if you wanted to sample typical british life , i 'd visit somewhere other than london ( and not edinburgh , either ) . 
  i 'd visit sheffield , or somewhere nice in suffolk like southwold ( trust me , it 's very nice ) . 
  or maybe somewhere in north wales . 
  the true uk lies outside of london and edinburgh , but sadly not many people visit it - and evidently neither did you . 
   we see from across the pond what 's going on over there . 
  if you think like this , you really do n't see . 
  i 'll chip in with henning wehn . 
  i would certainly regard it as not being mainstream.it has a handful of native speakers , and there 's not many who speak it as a second or third language . 
  i do n't see how it could be anything * but * non-mainstream . 
  lytham 's really nice  i 've just finished university in preston , spent 4 years there, 
  based on those categories , i 'd happily put forward preston - it 's on one of the main railway lines in the country ( with a half-decent bus service as well ) that gives you access to the lakes , the west coast , manchester/liverpool , london , birmingham , glasgow . 
  generally english-speaking , so for the majority of people on here language should n't be a problem . 
  cheap city to live in ( especially considering it 's only a 1 hour commute to manchester , if that ) . 
  the people in my experience are generally friendly . 
  well places with a lot of gambling shops here tend to be poorer , but gambling is n't * that * uncommon anywhere really . 
  there 's something of a tradition to it , especially when it comes to things like the grand national . 
  gambling is perfectly legal here , and i 'm fine with it as long as people do it responsibly . 
  i 've been tempted myself a couple of times to put a fiver on something . 
  not quite sure what you mean by your description though . 
   i 'd imagine this will be a highly controversial comment here though as i see anyone else that said anything similar got downvoted to hell . 
  you lads should n't ask the questions if you do n't want to hear all sides of the issue . 
  agreed . 
  no point asking a question if you downvote someone just for having a different opinion . 
  that creates an echo chamber just as bad as any other . 
  this sub can get a bit echo chamber-y at times , but it is better than most ; disappointed in this thread though . 
  almost as bad as / r/askuk around the time of the election , i saw people being downvoted just for preferring the conservatives ( or at least not liking labour ) . 
  there was recently a thread about the best and worst things at glastonbury - the comment about jeremy corbyn turning up being the worst thing got downvoted to oblivion . 
  on a personal note , i 'd like the eu to exist but as a pure trade agreement and * not * a federation . 
  if it became a federation i would not want to be part of that . 
  i do drink , not a lot but sometimes . 
  i 'd agree with him - i 've had housemates come back from the pub or from a night out , shouting their heads off ( the only reason i was awake to see this ) , and in one particular case when i told the guy to keep the noise down ( it was about 3 in the morning and i had lectures that morning ) i was told ` oh , [ dorgilo 's ] on his period ! ' . 
  it 's not fun from the other side . 
  i did however draw some satisfaction from how rough he said he felt in the morning , and thankfully it did n't happen again . 
  funnily enough getting drunk ( as opposed to having a drink ) does n't appeal to me . 
  i also agree on the taste , for the most part . 
  most alcohol i 've tried juste tastes of alcohol to me , and that 's not a nice taste . 
  i 've found maybe 6 drinks that i like , and 3 of those are alcoholic ginger beer . 
  of those i 've been to , london . 
  to quote my comment in another thread : `` too big , too noisy , too crowded ( that 's the big one ) , too dirty . 
  some interesting attractions but not nearly enough to outweigh the drawbacks . 
  tube 's a nightmare if you 're not familiar with it . 
  super expensive too . 
  every time i 've been there since i 've been old enough to remember i 've been super stressed the entire time i 've been outside , and some of the time inside as well . 
  it seems my personal limit in city size lies somewhere between birmingham/manchester and london . 
  i 'm fine with the other two .
