  the rest of the uk has plenty to keep me occupied without having to go to london , thankfully . '', 
  so unless i went there as part of a job i 'd try to stay away from it . 
  if i had to go there as part of a job , then so be it . 
  second would be amsterdam . 
  i 'll trade you harry styles for alan tudyk, 
  taking orders , bringing the correct food to the table , asking if anyone would like drinks . 
  just doing their job . 
  anything over and above this is worthy of a tip . 
  not as common as in the states . 
  in the uk it 's fine not to tip , but it 's not uncommon to round up the cost of the meal to a nice number ( with the extra money being the tip ) . 
  i think 5-10 % is the norm . 
  personally i would n't tip unless the staff has provided a good service above the minimum . 
  after that it 's a sliding scale of percentages . 
  for the absolute minimum service i would n't tip . 
  also tips being included in the bill is n't a common thing here . 
  it 's becoming more common ( particularly in london from what i hear ) but to be honest i 'd be a bit annoyed if they included the tip in the bill . 
  it 's my choice to decide whether the service has warranted a tip . 
  most of the time i 'm quite happy to give a small tip , but i would not be so forthcoming if it was demanded . 
  our smoking laws have become much more strict over the last decade or so , and that 's something i 'm glad of . 
  as far as i know ( although i do n't smoke so have n't paid much attention to the laws ) you ca n't smoke at all within a public building here - you have to go outside . 
  you have to be 18 to be able to buy cigarettes , in addition to the fact that they are very expensive now . 
  we also have a law that means smoking in a vehicle with someone under 18 present is illegal ( since october 2015 ) . 
  honestly your laws sound very similar to ours . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  it 's one of the few things that 's apparently a widespread thought here that i disagree with . 
  not really . 
  the snoopers charter concerned me , but otherwise i 'm not bothered by it . 
  latin is not common at all , it 's available as a school subject in some places but not many take it . 
  i have never heard the term ` koine ' before , but having looked it up i would be surprised if more than 1000 people here ( as in the uk ) had any real knowledge of it . 
  probably less . 
  honestly , no . 
  i like living here , and it 's home . 
  i would n't feel at home in a different country . 
  i had a trip to geneva to visit cern , but that was more to do with the science club than the school itself . 
  lots of fun though , geneva 's beautiful . 
  i know of a skiing trip to france and a one-day supermarket shop in france that other people in my school went on . 
  the second one was a waste of time to be honest . 
  one of the uk , the netherlands , or switzerland ( specifically geneva ) . 
  top of my bucket list is to go see them perform . 
  i do n't tend to deal well with going to see live music ( i have asperger 's so i 've always had an issue with loud noises ) but i can make an exception for them !, 
  i do watch if one of their live performances is on tv though , like a few days ago at glastobury . 
  i have the dvd of when they performed the seldom seen kid at abbey road . 
  i remain convinced that tssk should be right up there with the highly regarded albums from the past ; beautiful and brilliant . 
  guy garvey 's one of my favourite people too :p, 
  perhaps unwittingly , you 've matched my thoughts exactly . 
  i hate being there and i 'm not keen on it anyway , as most funding for infrastructure is put into london , and * the * major railway project going on at the moment ( hs2 ) is all about getting people into london more quickly . 
  the much-needed electrification of the midland mainline and the transpennine routes has been delayed in favour of something that helps london , even though the west and east coast mainlines have been electrified for decades ( work started on the wcml in 1959 ) . 
  not that i 'm bitter or anything !, 
  too big , too noisy , too crowded ( that 's the big one ) , too dirty . 
  some interesting attractions but not nearly enough to outweigh the drawbacks . 
  tube 's a nightmare if you 're not familiar with it . 
  super expensive too . 
  every time i 've been there since i 've been old enough to remember i 've been super stressed the entire time i 've been outside , and some of the time inside as well . 
  it seems my personal limit in city size lies somewhere between birmingham/manchester and london . 
  i 'm fine with the other two . 
  the rest of the uk has plenty to keep me occupied without having to go to london , thankfully . 
  as someone who hates visiting london , that frustrates me a lot . 
  the only ones i can really think of are captain britain and judge dredd . 
  personally i 'm more familiar with asterix though . 
  elbow are reasonably popular here , but the impression i get is that they 're not very well-known outside of the uk . 
  which is a shame , because they 're really good !, 
  i feel like lots of people who visit only go to london/edinburgh and the surrounding areas , but there 's so much more to see . 
  examples : * the museum of science and industry , manchester * coventry transport museum * the black country museum , dudley * the national space centre , leicester ( ca n't recommend this enough , i live fairly locally so go every couple of years or so ) * ironbridge , shropshire ( also blists hill victorian town in the same area ) and many more . 
  there 'll be more in scotland , wales and northern ireland , but i have n't been to any in those places so could n't tell you about them . 
  edit : obviously there 's the peak district , the lake district and so on , but i think those are relatively well-known . 
  that 's just a an in-joke . 
  there 's as much pineapple here as anywhere else . 
  for i am ( sadly ) not dutch :p, 
  i like pineapple on pizza . 
  fight me ( you 'll probably win , i 'm not exactly the strongest person in the world ) . 
  but the dutch trains are so good !, 
  riding on the double decker was an experience . 
   we decided it was better in pieces and fried . 
   with mayonnaise on top of it . 
  it was going so well ... 
   the uk drill scene you say this and the first thing i think of is toolstation, 
  never heard of it , never heard of anything like it . 
   both leave and remain voters were very poorly informed , that 's my main beef with the result of this referendum . 
  that 's whay i did n't vote . 
  i did n't have enough of the facts to make an informed opinion , and unfortunately the vote was around the time of some very important exams so i did n't really have time to research the potential effects . 
  so all i had was what the politicians said , and they spent most of the time mud-slinging . 
  so i did n't vote . 
  thanks . 
  it 's rare that i 'm able to talk on here about not fully supporting the eu and not get shouted down . 
  as you say , it 's a completely legitimate opinion . 
  it 's been tough at times when people have said that all leave voters ( and by extension my parents ) did so because they are racist , when that is simply not true . 
   apart from that there is definitly a sense of kinship and of belonging to something bigger than our own countries . 
  i know for sure it exists in france and germany anyway . 
  i do n't know for sure about other countries but i assume it exists in most western european countries and in some eastern european ones too . 
  not here , and not in a number of other countries around the north sea ( other than yourselves , of course ) from what people from those countries have told me . 
  from the way you categorised the 3 levels of the eu i 'd say much of the uk agrees with the visegrad countries , that the eu should be an economic union and not much more . 
  it 's the main reason my parents voted leave , and it 's one of the reasons i was undecided on how to vote . 
  my parents think that the eu is heading towards full integration , and they do n't want in on that . 
  i remember studying pre-war/weimar germany at school . 
  was impressed by bismarck even if it was just through the pages of a textbook . 
  kaiser wilhelm , on the other hand ... 
  the industrial revolution . 
  serenity . 
  it 's my favourite movie anyway , but chiwetel ejiofor is brilliant in it . 
  favourite movie villain ever - largely because intead of just being bad , he knows what he does is wrong , he accepts it , he only does * really * evil things if he has to .
