  last year i found an officer 's cap to go with it at a military surplus store , so i dressed up in the 2 for the reenactment . 
  i 've wanted a long coat like that for years , so i hardly ever go out without wearing it these days , especially as i 've personalised it to really make it my own , 
  parisians obviously play dungeons and dragons . 
  i trust it a reasonable amount , but some more than others - tv more than papers , and certain papers more than others . 
  i generally go to the bbc for news , as they 're pretty trustworthy . 
  i think the last time i went out in anything that was n't jeans was last september , when i dressed up for a war reenactment show, 
  religion - nope . 
  food - sometimes . 
  fashion - what even * is * the fashion ? 
  gestures - ? 
  hugely , and most kinds - e.g f1 , motorbike racing , rallycross , rally , touring cars , to a lesser extent fe . 
  another vote for federer . 
  much prefer him to andy murray to be honest . 
  alonso too , for his sheer relentlessness and ability to drag a car to positions it really should n't be in . 
  one of the reasons i struggled to decide which way to vote in the brexit vote was that there was a lot of mud-slinging and people giving opinions , but not much actual info about the benefits/drawbacks of being in the eu and what impact leaving would have . 
  elbow , gorillaz ( counting as uk because damon albarn ) , elo , pulp , the beautiful south . 
  in order , manchester , london ( again counting damon ) , birmingham , sheffield , hull . 
  music from around the country  it should be said that elbow is ( personally ) some margin ahead of those others though . 
  listen to them at least once every few days . 
  a few examples : * [ red ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmh1uxlm9oe ) * [ switching off ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxowvmcz2y4 ) * [ great expectations ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um95ikmeh6i ) * [ the fix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1katnpvcpe ) , although [ grounds for divorce ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxczvhg0os8 ) is more well-known * [ open arms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjv71cw40oq ) * [ new york morning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqnibuem5fe ) * and from their latest album , my personal favourites are [ magnificent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xql5kyiifdi ) and particularly [ k2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0w4zc9x19y ) , which contains the line '' ... i 'm from a land with an island status , makes us think that everyone hates us - maybe darling they do , but they have n't met you !, 
  they only know the villains at the tiller ... '' as you might be able to tell , it 's a song about brexit , and those lines speak to me quite strongly . 
  if you think that 's weird you should listen to maro engel speaking . 
  most english-sounding german i 've ever heard . 
  it 's odd and very often when i 'm out i 've got my headhones on , so i do n't wish to be disturbed . 
  walking somewhere gives me a chance to disappear into my own little world . 
  in addition , i am unlikely to ever see some random person on the street again , and i do n't know them beforehand , so it 's a small waste of time and supremely uncomfortable . 
  tl : dr we just have a different culture around it so find it uncomfortable . 
  do n't know to be honest . 
  i mean , working together militarily seems a good idea , but i 'm not sure how people would feel serving under a european army . 
  additionally , having the eu flag immediately alienates those countries that are not in the eu , so if there is a different european flag that would be better to use . 
  then there 's the question of each country providing it 's fair share of equipment/soldiers , which is the same issue that nato faces . 
  regardless of how they see themselves , whoever 's at the top is going to be from a particular country , and some countries may therefore feel they have less influence in what this european army does . 
  i can see this potentially being an issue . 
  when you say coat of arms , i take it you do n't mean the flag ? 
  i 've no idea what my country 's coat of arms would be , and suspect i would n't identify as much with it . 
  rather have the union flag on there . 
  eurosceptic people and countries probably would n't like being one army . 
  there 's a lot of people who do n't identify as european ( or certainly not over their individual country ) , so being forced into this would not go down well - and then arguments would be brought up of smaller nations leeching off larger nations , and so on . 
  overall , i think it 's a bad idea . 
  working together is a positive , but being in one army and having an identity that you do n't feel forced on you more than outweighs that when there are other options available . 
  not a lot . 
  i know the flag , and they were a bit of a bogey team for us for a while . 
  surprised they 're not higher in the fifa rankings , they 've got some good players . 
  you ca n't make people feel things that they do n't feel . 
  you push them , they 'll push right back . 
  personally , although obviously i am european , it is a distant third - first british , then english , then european a long way after that . 
  having a european army would n't change that . 
  fa cup final . 
  ca n't think of anything else . 
  curry sauce , salt , vinegar , or some combination of the three . 
  sometimes ketchup , but rarely . 
  never mayonnaise , and never , * never * gravy . 
  that 's just weird . 
  i do n't suppose he was the inspiration for the terminal ? 
  manchester - in my favourite area of the country , it looks amazing , and it means i 'd still be near to where i went to university . 
  geneva - gorgeous city . 
  loved it both times i 've visited . 
  not sure on a third city . 
  somewhere else in the north-west of england , possibly preston ( where i went to university ) . 
  it 's been my home for the past 4 years , and i adore it , for all it 's faults . 
  joyeux noel has a lot of french/german in it , but otherwise the only one i can think of that i really enjoyed was tsotsi . 
  i 'm sure there are others that i 've seen that are missing though . 
  agreed, 
  in general it 's not that bad as long as you do n't do something stupid - i.e there 's certain areas like the elephant 's foot that you ca n't visit due to the radiation , and last i heard you ca n't eat/drink anything from the area as you 'll be ingesting radiation ( although apparently you can bring your own if it 's safely wrapped up ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware most of it 's fine to visit though ( with tour companies ) . 
  is that honestly any different from other countries though ? 
  is the uk the only place in europe where some people are concerned about immigration ? 
  is it reasonable to single the uk out ? 
  that does n't necessarily make the uk more racist than other countries though . 
  i 'm sure there are numerous reports from other countries of foreign people being harassed . 
  not to say that it 's agood thing ( it most certainly is n't ) but it 's no reason to single the uk out . 
  the people that i know do n't like how the eu is leaning more towards federalisation , with more laws that affect ( and not necessarily positively ) the uk . 
  they 'd rather the uk be more self-governing . 
   from the outside , i 'm not sure what has changed , but there 's a particular narrative that has developed as a result of the uk voting for brexit that assumes we all woke up raging xenophobes at some point last june . 
  have an upvote . 
  frankly i 'm sick of people assuming that half of my country , including some people i know , are wildly racist because they voted leave . 
  certainly in the case of the people i know , they voted leave because they wanted out of the eu , not because they hate people from other countries . 
  it was more to do with the eu as an institution for the leave voters that i know . 
  i do n't know that it 's the greatest place on earth , more comfortable than a lot of places for sure but we have plenty of problems too . 
  the heritage thing is n't a factor . 
  everywhere is going to be vastly different to how it was when your great great grandfather lived here . 
  i mean , if they 've actually already lived here and know what it 's like , fine , but i understand you 're talking about people who have n't moved here . 
  even if there is some element of the native culture that still exists in your family then it 's going to have changed from the culture of the actual country . 
  they 'd probably mostly fit in , but as with any move to a new country it would take a while to get used to it . 
  ideally they should visit whatever country they want to move to for about a month ( at least ) and then make a decision . 
  moving without knowing anything about the country would be madness . 
  too much . 
  i get through about 5-6 pints a week , so closing in on a pint a day . 
  none in particular , and i certainly do n't support their actions , but to my understanding a number of dictators have had great skill at capturing the imagination of the public . 
  whilst what they do/did with their power is deplorable , the ability to capture the imagination and get people enthused about their movement/politics is something that i feel a lot of politicians are lacking today . 
  this may have been skewed by the fact that i watched the last king of scotland last night . 
  no thanks . 
  no , thankfully, 
  yes - they were originally not from here , they 've moved here , therefore by definition they are immigrants . 
  the mortal engines series , i think . 
  super excited for the film next year . 
  against germany , 2010 world cup . 
  lampard 's goal could have changed that game . 
  all the other defeats for england are so common and so expected that they all blend into one really . 
  only recently pipped by sebastian vettel for ` most memorable moment when a sportsperson completely lost it ' for me ( `` here 's a message for charlie .
