  the vast majority of muslims do not try to harm my country , and are no different from anybody else here , and so i have absolutely no qualm with them . 
  the people i do have issues with are groups like isis , who * are * trying to harm us , and are inspiring a very small number of others to do the same . 
  they need to be dealt with accordingly . 
  more that we 'd be discriminating against a whole religion , a religion consisting of around a fifth of the world , on the basis of the actions of a few . 
  that discrimination would give isis and similarly minded groups a lot of rhetoric to use against us , rhetoric i 'd rather they not be able to use with any credit . 
  by all means target isis , but not islam in general . 
  in any case , the uk used to be attacked by groups such as the ira , which ( i 'm told by people around at the time ) were far more frequent than the attacks by muslim people now . 
  we did n't ban the irish ( and rightly so ) , and we should n't ban muslims . 
  i 'd rather not have people feeling enough hate that they 're willing to kill innocent people as retribution . 
  i have family near london ; they could very well have been hurt in the attack . 
  the people who died had family too , and i 'm sure they 'd rather that there had n't been an attack . 
  having a muslim ban just gives isis more rhetoric to use to further their cause , and frankly i 'd rather stop that from happening . 
  against . 
  it will only increase the anger towards the west that people feel . 
  i mean , for me it 's nessun dorma , but that 's a very well-known song , so i 'll add something a little less well-known : inkanyezi nezazi by ladysmith black mambaso . 
  i used to listen to their ` best of ' album to help me drift off to sleep , it 's such a relaxing album . 
  nessun dorma 's the only song with vocals to have brought me to the edge of tears though . 
  watching andrea bocelli perform it at the king power was something else . 
  sadly i could only watch it online ; wish i could have been there . 
  both that and the italian version of time to say goodbye are incredible . 
  oh , we have heating , it 's just a cheap old house with a poor heating system and terrible insulation . 
  my non-term-time address is better on both counts , although obviously that would be far more expensive . 
  pretty much the same as i thought of him before . 
  a terrible person , incompetent president , and someone who i fear will start a major international conflict , either intentionally or through incompetence . 
  the north korea situation has me particularly worried . 
  i do n't know the exact temperature , but during one particularly cold winter at university i could see my breath whilst sitting in my room . 
  in the middle of the day . 
  so pretty cold . 
  do n't know about the greatest of all time but bob sinclar 's been reasonably successful . 
  # 2.59 # 2.00 or # 2 when the price is an integer number of pounds . 
  i think a lot of people are taking the question as saying ` who made the first flight in your country ? ', 
  rather than ` who do people in your country think made the first flight ? ', 
  that 's certainly how i saw it until reading the description . 
  crabbie 's ginger beer . 
  i get what you mean by that , in my case with my aspergers most people have only seen me when i 'm ok . 
  the extreme of emotion on the negative side is something only my closest friends/family have ever seen , and i 'd like to keep it that way - that 's one side of me , yes , but it 's not the * real * me and it 's something i 'm working hard to improve . 
  i love the last leg !, 
  i introduced my parents to it during the olympics and they liked it too , particularly my mum - she thought it was brilliant that they were n't making a big thing of their disabilities , unless it was something funny like paralympians storing their legs in the overhead lockers on planes !, 
  great show in terms of commentary on current events as well . 
  if there 's any british show i 'd recommend people see , it 's that , and it deserves all the praise that it gets . 
  i have mild aspergers and dyspraxia . 
  i am able to live normally , however it can affect me in things like exams . 
  fortunately my uni gives me extra time and someone to write for me , so i 'm not overly disadvantaged . 
  the main negative is the lack of mental health education in this country . 
  when i was at primary school ( before the aspergers diagnosis ) the school did n't know what dyspraxia was , and did n't want to know . 
  if you have something like dyslexia then you 'll get loads of help , but not if you have something more obscure . 
  did n't really have friends at primary school but kids are kids . 
  generally people are ok with disabled people , but it takes more for them to be accepting of a disability if it is n't obvious , because they forget that , for want of a better phrase , you 're not ` normal ' . 
  mental health education and treatment needs to be massively improved here . 
  i do n't know how practical their cars are but venturi are monegasque, 
  there are some cool americans , but as a people i 'd say the aussies or new zealanders , possibly followed by spain . 
  i would n't put the us particularly highly - most of you are neither cool/uncool , but some of you are really uncool , which drags you down . 
  certainly i 'd put canada above the us , although again not the top . 
  i 've met a couple of italians , and honestly they were just normal people - really friendly , had a great time with them , but in many ways they were no different to people i 've met here , which is n't particulalry shocking . 
  therefore i would n't necessarily call them cool . 
  so yeah , in order : australia , nz , spain . 
  possibly some russians as well , although as a country i 'd be more hesitant . 
  least cool is hard to judge , although i 'd probably go with some others in this thread and say north korea ; how much of what you see is real fanaticism and how much is just the people making sure they do n't disappear is something that should be considered though . 
  if was north korean i 'd be more focused on keeping my head down than standing out . 
  and half of crowded house , i mean that 's got to count for something . 
  not having a univeristy degree does n't make someone stupid - i know a number of people who did n't go to university for one reason or another but are clever and have a lot of experience , as well as experience of having both been in the eu and not ( which i lack due to my age ) . 
  i do n't know how reliable iq tests are but i 'd wager that if they are reliable it would be a better measure to use , as it would actually measure intelligence rather than whether they went to university or not . 
  it 's entirely possible , probable even , that the experts are correct , but they could be wrong . 
  i 'd imagine a lot depends on the type of brexit we get - and before anyone asks , i did n't vote leave . 
  if pushed i 'd stay , but mainly because i 'm at a financially crucial stage of my life and leaving the eu is a step into the unknown for me . 
  admittedly i was thinking economically . 
  having one of our main trading partners be strong economically seems like a good idea . 
  politically i think there 's a sentiment that we 'd like to move away from the us , so the eu is the logical option to take their place . 
  just because we 're leaving the eu does n't mean we 'll stop working with it . 
  it 's true . 
  i personally know some clever people who voted leave . 
  i also know of clever people who pretty much revealed they were voting remain . 
  you disagreeing with someone 's opinion on whether the uk should remain in the eu or not does n't make them stupid - it 's that precise attitude that encourages people to vote for things like brexit , trump etc. 
  rather than just calling them stupid , it 's important to accept that they voted leave but ask them why . 
  in the case of the people i know , they feel that the eu has encroached too much in terms of laws , rather than it just being an economic union . 
  as how much the eu is encroaching and whether it is too much is an entirely personal opinion , it is a completely valid reason for voting leave . 
  obviously there are reasons for and against leaving the eu , but that does n't affect the validity of that one reason . 
  in short , you disagreeing with an opinion does n't make that opinion or the people who hold it stupid . 
  as ever , there are valid points from both sides . 
  some very clever people voted leave , some very clever people doubtless voted remain . 
  the idea of one side being stupid people and one not does n't hold up in the case of brexit . 
  i do n't know if he 's the most well-known ( probably not ) but the colin pitchfork case resulted in the development of dna profiling to solve crimes , so it probably should be a well-known case . 
  what he did was awful though . 
  i hope not . 
  for one thing , as far as i know a strong eu is good for us . 
  as i understand it , the eu was originally a trade deal , and nothing else . 
  certainly , i know people that voted to join the eu a few decades ago and voted to leave in the recent referendum - they feel that it 's now too political , interfering too much . 
  i suspect they 'd be fine with it merely being a trade deal . 
  personally i 'm ambivalent . 
  if pushed , i 'd probably want to stay , but that 's probably because i do n't know any different , and change is scary - especially as i am at a crucial stage of my life , financially ( due to graduate from university and try to get a job , move out etc. ) . 
  then again i can understand the issues people have with the eu . 
  if it was merely trade i 'd definitely be all for it though . 
  i like our laws . 
  it 's possible to own one for a small amount of hunting , using at a shooting range etc. , without letting everyone and his dog have one . 
  unless it 's for hunting or sport , civilians do not need guns here . 
  even if both you and a criminal have a gun , who 's going to have more practice shooting people - not targets , but people ? 
  the criminal is . 
  the criminal will have no hesitation killing you . 
  you might - you may not think you will beforehand , but in a real-life situation , you might . 
  in any case , most of our criminals do not use guns , because they are hard to obtain legally and carry a prison sentence if used without a license .
