  personally , other than maybe kennedy space centre , i 'm actually not that bothered about going to the us . 
  canada , possibly , but not the us . 
  it just does n't appeal to me for some reason , and never really has . 
  edit : maybe one day though . 
  maybe spend a week in the us , then a week in canada . 
   everything goes fast that 's probably why . 
  i imagine a lot of people who have lived fast-paced lives want to slow down at some point . 
  it did come across a bit aggressive though . 
  brunel was just the first person who came to mind . 
  no need for the aggression . 
  yes , yes ( in any case , barring serious illness or something similar , you have no choice ) . 
  i think it 's a brilliant idea . 
   the engineer is british brunel would disagree !, 
  yes , absolutely . 
  no point moving to another country if you do n't want to adopt the culture ( you certainly wo n't enjoy it as much ) , and language is part of that culture . 
  in any case , i 'd regard learning the language of whatever country you 're in as a basic level of respect - as they say , when in rome ... 
  what would you have changed to make sure we would n't be leaving ? 
  the soviet union actually did win the space race . 
  they were the first to demonstrate the capability of putting a payload into orbit ( and therefore being potentially able to use that payload to attack others , to devastating effect ) . 
  alternatively the rocket could be replaced with a missile , which is where the rocket technology came from . 
  either way , obviously this would have been a political disaster for kennedy and the us so they decided to go for the moon , a feat that they hoped/knew the soviets could n't match . 
  in short , the soviets won the race , and then the us moved the finish line to avoid political embarrassment . 
  if you do go , make sure you see a show in the planetarium . 
  the space centre 's good anyway , but the planetarium is what makes it super special - for me , anyway . 
  the colosseum . 
  a stunning arena , a relic from thousands of years ago , but a reminder that even an empire like the roman empire is not immune from collapse . 
  i 'd love to go one day . 
  the only 2 things i can think of are : geneva : visit the old part of town . 
  stunning , and incredibly peaceful . 
  leicester : not a different country , but it 's my home city , so whenever i 'm back i try to visit the national space centre . 
  worth a look if you 're in the area , and it 's not horrifically expensive either . 
  the bbc tend to get similar levels of criticism from both sides , so they figure that they should be alright in terms of bias . 
  maybe they have a little towards the current government , but i think that 's always the case . 
  generally they 're not very biased . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  some of the things he 's said/done ( and indeed still trying to do ) are a disgrace , and he 's an embarrassment to his country . 
  i would like us not to keep following the us into things that do n't concern us but that does n't mean i support trump . 
  even with brexit , trump is one of my biggest worries in terms of the future of my country . 
  do you know who ? 
  not sure how that relates ... 
  yes , you have to pay it , but you do get a lot for the money . 
  no more expensive than most cable/satellite providers , i think in a lot of cases it 's cheaper . 
  you 're probably better informed than most of us , seeing as you 've seen it from both sides, 
  people online are generally not like they are in real life . 
  much easier to be horrible to someone when you are n't facing them . 
  there will be racist people , of course , but it 'll probably be a very small minority . 
  for my nearest city , the name was first mentioned in the 9th century , but there was a settlement around 1000 years before that . 
  your government could make an amendment to the constitution to limit the length of election campaigns, 
   i do n't know that a parliament would work from a legal perspective , since our constitution pretty clearly describes and outlines a bicameral congress . 
  but the constitution can be ( and indeed has previously been ) changed . 
  even the gun rights that half of the us seems so defensive of are there as a result of an amendment to the constitution . 
  prohibition was brought in by one amendment , taken out by another . 
  the constitution as it is currently written is n't the be all and end all . 
  never heard of it , never even watched a game of basketball . 
  not usually , at this point they 're a little old to take part . 
  a fair few do come along to watch though ( and get reduced ticket prices ) , but the reenactments are done by reenactment groups , who have the relevant equipment ( tanks , guns , uniforms etc. ) . 
  it 's generally quite popular , i think one of the biggest in the country . 
  it 's all taken as a bit of fun , really . 
  obviously we remember those who sacrificed their lives , but for the most part it 's a fun family day out , with stalls of food , wwii uniforms , even a stall with defused grenades and that kind of thing . 
  i myself got an raf greatcoat from the show . 
  there 's also flybys and displays , a 1940s dinner/dance , and a big pitched battle at the end between us and the germans ; one year the us came in at the end , shot the surrendering germans and took all the glory !, 
  like i say though , it 's a bit of fun for families . 
  we have a specific day for remembering those who 've died in war ( 11th november ) so it is n't taken as that ( although i think there may be a minute 's silence , but that 's as far as the remembrance goes until the 11th november though ) . 
  i did once see a tiger tank drive down the road past my house , so that was fun ... 
  well , it 's not a fixed relic but there 's a big wwii reenactment that happens near me every year . 
  it 's amazing how normal it becomes to see dakotas flying over your house , and a spitfire having a ` dogfight ' with a messerschmitt , with the peppering of gunfire in the background, 
  i do n't know about the country as a whole ( everybody 's different ) but for me there are a number of countries that i would like to visit at some point - denmark , norway , germany , italy , ireland , canada , japan , new zealand are the ones that i can think of off the top of my head . 
  i 've already been to the netherlands ( twice ) , switzerland ( twice ) , malta and france , and would like to go to the first two again at some point . 
  it would be interesting to go to kennedy space center , or possibly seattle ( that one 's for a very tenuous reason ) , but otherwise i 'm actually not fussed about visiting the us . 
  edit : realised i have n't actually answered the question . 
  in terms of desiring to live there , i 'd say there 's a few who do , but not many - most people would rather move to europe , or to australia/new zealand . 
  certainly i 'd be of the same mindset ; the us is just too different for me , and the politics , combined with the lack of public healthcare and risk of going bankrupt with no access to benefits is more than enough to put me off . 
  the only place in the us that i know of that i might like is seattle ; i 've also heard good things about austin . 
  but in all honesty i 'd rather stay in europe , possibly the netherlands ( i really liked it there ) or ( money no object ) geneva . 
  fun mostly , but difficult at times . 
  supporting england especially ; you want them to succeed , but never expect them to through either poor performances , poor tactics , lack of effort or some combination of the three . 
  not helped by a lot of other people thinking the england fans are deluded , when it 's actually the media that hype them up - most of us know how bad we are . 
  at national level , there are three clubs i support : liverpool , because it 's the team i 've supported pretty much since i started following football ; leicester , because it 's my nearest professional team ; and preston , because it 's where i go to university . 
  liverpool are frustrating . 
  they were doing well about 10 years ago , had a good team , won trophies ( including the famous miracle of istanbul ) , never won the league but were almost always up there . 
  then some bad decisions were made with transfers , the club took on noew owners who saddled their debt on to the club , and it was 2 weeks from going bankrupt . 
  never been the same since ( they 're still in and around the top 4 , but it 's taken a long time and the hiring of one of the best managers in the world just to be in a position to fight for a top 4 place ) . 
  i love the history and the passion though , and some of the players who 've moved to liverpool have ended up really liking the club , so there must be something in that . 
  following leicester is something that i have n't done as much of as i probably should . 
  i knew where they were in the leagues , and some of the players , but that was about it . 
  once they were in the premier league it was easier for me to follow them . 
  i imagine you know what happened next . 
  preston north end ( pne ) did n't really exist for me until i moved to preston . 
  they were in league one ( the third division ) and were just another team . 
  now i 've moved here though , they 've become almost my second team . 
  a long history with plenty of records ( including the ground being used for football for longer than anywhere else in the world , the highest score in first-class english football , first to go the season unbeaten , first to win both league and cup , conceding 0 goals in the cup that season ) . 
  unfortunately that was a long time ago ( think late 1880s ) and it 's been mostly downhill from there . 
  they did come second a few times , including when a legendary player called sir tom finney played for them ( was there for his whole career , scored 210 goals in 473 appearances for them , scored 30 in 76 for england , and was professionally trained a s a plumber ) , but mostly downhill . 
  a couple of years ago ( after a record number of playoff defeats ) they finally got promoted back to the championship , and are doing reasonably well , as they 're not far off the playoffs - even more impressive when you consider just how tough that league is . 
  i worry that if they get promoted , they 'll be one of those teams that falls through the divisions upon relegation ( a few teams have been relegated from the premier league who just kept falling ) . 
  the only team of the three that has a lot of international players ( though leicester have a few ) is liverpool , and whilst i love the players , on international duty ( if they do n't play for england ) i mostly just hope that they come back uninjured . 
  liverpool have a very thin squad and ca n't afford to lose their main players . 
  of those that leave , i hope they do well at their new clubs - brad jones and dirk kuyt , who both used to be at liverpool , are both at feyenoord , and did a decent job making life difficult for man u , so that was good !, 
  dirk kuyt 's loved in particular , as he had a knack of scoring crucial goals at important times , and he put a lot of effort in . 
  firefly .
