  there is a some debate over this , but i wo n't go into that here . 
  on a personal level , i have met a grand total of one american , and even her i only knew for a short time . 
  so initially i 'd be a little sad , but it would n't affect me too much . 
  on a non-personal level , there are some software companies , musical acts and actors that i like , and would miss . 
  not to mention the fact that the sudden disappearance of a country as influential as the us would surely have a destabilising effect , at least temporarily . 
  but as people , in general , i would miss americans as much as i would miss people from any other nation if they suddenly disappeared . 
  no more , no less . 
  easily trump , from my point of view . 
  brexit has me worried , but not nearly as much as trump . 
  i have heard of it ( i think ) , but that was a long time ago . 
  never seen one . 
  the area i really struggle with is africa , and occasionally bits of central america ( specifically nicaragua , el salvador and honduras as they have very similar flags ) . 
  worst part though is probably trying to spell kyrgyzstan successfully first time !, 
  additionally i 'd massively struggle on a us state flags quiz , i 'm only good at the international level . 
  just did the flags of europe quiz on sporcle , got 100 % in 2 minutes and 13 seconds . 
  being a football fan probably helps though as i see national flags whenever there 's qualifiers or a tournament on . 
  i 'd wager all of them , pretty much , although recognising flags is kind of ` my thing ' . 
  on sporcle i regularly get around 190/197 on the ` flags of the world quiz ' . 
  as long as it does n't carry through with the ` curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal ' part ... ( also i love firefly ) , 
  clavius , after 2001 , or possibly selene , greek goddess of the moon . 
  i would happily have the geography of the netherlands , and the swiss public transport . 
  both are excellent . 
  i know we do n't really have many mountains , but i 'd happily swap with your landscape . 
  been to the netherlands twice and the scenery 's been absolutely gorgeous . 
  does that mean you 'd pretty much take any trains at the moment ? 
   the french system is just designed to do your head in , i can not comprehend how anything gets done there . 
  this reminds me of a bit in asterix , where him and obelix have to get a particular form . 
  they start at a particular desk , are told to go to another desk a number of floors up , get a form ( not the one they want ) that they have to fill in to get the form they want , and have to hand it in at another desk . 
  about 10 forms/desks later they give up and shout at the people until they get the form they want . 
  p.s i love you ? 
  or the film adaptation of the commitments ? 
   london is unique and not representative of the rest of the country . 
  i 'd add a ` but that does n't mean the rest of the country is a wasteland , far from it . 
  feel free to visit . ', 
  i feel like the rest of the country gets largely forgotten about when people come to visit , and even if they venture outside london they stay largely in the south . 
  no evidence other than one person supposedly saying it happened , so i do n't count that as it may not have actually happened . 
  boris johnson . 
  enough said . 
  denmark , italy , germany, 
   1 ) the wembley goal can we agree that you got your own back with lampard 's ` goal ' in south africa ( it definitely crossed the line ) ? 
  i did n't know he used fahrenheit for temperature , literally never heard anyone use that here . 
  i 'd use kelvin before fahrenheit ( although i am a physics student , so biased towards kelvin and the metric system ), 
   i was recently watching the ( excellent ) bbc `` planet earth ii '' series , and had a minor fit every time the commentary used imperial units ( feet , inches , pounds ) . 
  i can only assume they did this to make the series easier to sell in the us . 
  they did this because in the uk we still use feet and inches for height/length , generally - i do n't know if builders use metric for construction but colloquially a lot of people use feet and inches for talking about heights , in a similar way to still using miles for lengths . 
  pounds less so ( most common is stones i find , because people are usually talking about their personal weight ) but still used occasionally for small amounts , for example ingredients in food - although again , that varies ( i 'd use grams personally ) . 
  `` this is in comparison to most americans i know that all have strong-looking , thick , straight , white teeth . '', 
  there 's your answer . 
  those you know value teeth that look strong . 
  we have teeth that are ( not saying teeth in the us are n't strong ) . 
  my teeth are a natural colour , not artificially whitened , and according to my dentist ( who i visit twice a year ) are perfectly healthy , with a little ( and occasional ) expert maintenance - hence the trips to the dentist . 
  i know people that only visit the dentist once a year because their teeth are good enough that one visit is all that 's required . 
  yes , we brush our teeth twice a day . 
  we are not so different from you . 
  in short , whilst yours look healthy , and may have been artificially whitened , ours actually are healthy , and are a natural colour . 
  also in the picture you provide i see little difference , if any , in how crooked the two sets of teeth are . 
  agreed - i 'm from england , a country that at various times through history has been invaded by romans , saxons , normans , vikings ... 
  i do n't know how close i am to any of them , but genetically , i 'll almost certainly be some combination of all of them . 
  that does n't mean i 'm from those countries though . 
  i was born in england , and have never lived in any other country - so i am english . 
  as far as i 'm aware , no , because they have a swedish passport , not an eu one . 
  it 's more like saying ` if you are born in florida , do you not have at least a base citzenship within north america ( i.e are you not a citizen of canada and mexico as well ) ' ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , if you were born and live in a country , and/or only have citizenship of that country , you are from that country . 
  i would not count someone who 's grandparents emigrated from a country as being from that country , ( for example , if you are an american with irish grandparents , you are american , not irish ) unless that person gains citizenship of that country . 
  native english speaker , learnt french at school . 
  unfortunately my french is a bit patchy as it 's been a few years since i learnt it and i do n't get many opportunities to use it . 
  i try if i 'm in a french-speaking country though . 
  we have them in schools , do n't know about offices but i doubt it . 
  they 're more likely to have water dispensers . 
  not really , not at school anyway . 
  the schools i went to produced a newsletter , but it was n't produced by the students . 
  universities on the other hand are a different matter , the one i go to has newspaper , tv and radio and so do many others . 
  we are very cynical . 
  even towards ourselves . 
  i do n't know if it 's true , but apparently liverpool are still waiting for the trains they were promised _ 20 years ago _ edit : also switzerland 's in with a shout as being a bastion of public transport, 
  the name means nothing to me , but i 'd assume it 's a fairly expensive gun ? 
  does n't matter how pretty it looks , as long as it works well, 
  seconded, 
  the netherlands and various places i 've been to in britain ( especially north wales ) are very beautiful , but for me it has to be geneva . 
  beautiful city ( definitely go into the older part of town if you get the chance ) and stunning countryside not far from the city . 
  what are the differences between england , great britain and the united kingdom ? 
   whilst tim berners-lee has also contributed to global culture that 's putting it mildly . 
  also i 'd like to add in the industrial revolution , it 's fair to say that 's had rather a large impact on the world , and as far as i know was largely down to thomas newcomen and james watt with their steam engines . 
  sorry if that seemed a bit aggressive , i did n't mean it to be, 
  most people i know do use ` holland ' . 
  i have a great interest in countries , i have a map of the world on my wall , i have a book with info on the world and different countries , i 've been there twice , and even i have only stopped using ` holland ' in the last couple of years or so . 
  evidently we know different people , 
  no , i 'm english . 
  people should refer to the english as being from england ( if they so choose ) but i can understand if people get annoyed with being called english if they 're actually scottish , welsh or northern irish ? 
  having said that there is a level of hypocrisy , as i think most people refer to the netherlands as holland . 
  there 's a scene in ` the eagle ' where one of the characters shares a thought , one that i wonder how prevalent it was amongst roman soldiers on the frontier : `` why did they have to come north ? 
  there 's nothing here worth taking . '', 
  i wonder how many soldiers thought after a few attempts that it was n't worth taking the land north of the wall ? 
  netherlands - holland : quite often uk - england : never , and some would be quite annoyed if you did americans - yankees : never , but ` yanks ' is used reasonably often, 
  we also have lots of remains , including hadrian 's wall . 
  personally i love reading/watching about the roman empire , but the nastier bits are probably cut out so it wo n't be completely accurate . 
  certainly they brought a lot of benefits though - there 's a famous scene in monty python 's life of brian that basically sums it up . 
  in fairness we 've been at war with just about all of our neighbour countries at some point or other . 
  it would n't surprise me if that happened . 
  to be fair even if he was on the short side by today 's standards ( i 'd regard myself as being a little short ) he was probably around average height for his time , if i remember rightly average height is now taller than in previous centuries .
