  yes , of course . 
  the world does n't start and end with the eu . 
  well i did n't vote leave . 
  in fairness i did n't vote to remain either . 
  i do n't think people believe the eu can change , in all honesty . 
  those i know who voted leave do n't like the direction the eu 's taking ( or is perceived to be taking ) , towards a federal eu . 
  i do n't think we will stay , i do n't think we should stay . 
  the uk voted leave in a democratic vote , with one of the most democratic methods possible ( one person , one vote , no constituencies ) . 
  honestly i have mixed feelings about brexit . 
  i 'm uncertain what the future holds but i 'm not entirely enamoured with the eu either . 
  edit : on a personal level i would be against a federal eu if we were staying . 
  i think it 's often lost in things like this that the doctors are normal people trying to do very difficult jobs . 
  i ca n't imagine they feel very happy having to make these already tough decisions whilst getting so much abuse from members of the public . 
  if people disagree , they should have a go at/send a petition to the hospital as an organisation , not the staff . 
  we do n't . 
  see above . 
  i agree completely . 
  this is n't said enough . 
  quoting myself from another thread :  i completely agree - it 's a horrible case , one i would n't wish upon anybody , but according to numerous medical professionals even if they can do something he will be alive but not really conscious , and will continue to suffer debilitating symptoms - which is no life at all . 
  it 's horrible but letting him go is the kindest thing at this point . 
  as with a lot of things , i also do n't appreciate trump and the us sticking their oar in when they 've not been involved at any point up to now , and when they 're a different country seperated by an ocean . 
  genuine help would be appreciated , but i do n't think they have helped . 
  even the us doctor says that there 's only a 10 % chance it 'll make any difference at all . 
  to add to that , i think the death threats and abuse the doctors have received are despicable . 
  they are doctors , they have to make life-or-death decisions like this on a regular basis , and they do n't think charlie can be cured or really helped at all . 
  i agree with them ; it 's best just to let him go at this point . 
  it 's a sad truth that some people just ca n't be saved , no matter what you do . 
  there 's a small amount of pride , but the only time they 're in any way commemorated is on remembrance day , which is more about remembering the dead rather than celebrating the living . 
  otherwise it 's just a job . 
  a risky job , sure , but if they deserve to be celebrated then so do firefighters and the police . 
  they also risk their lives to help others . 
  perfectly legal here . 
  i had basically no friends in primary school . 
  you know how there 's always a weird kid ? 
  i was the weird kid . 
  secondary was the best time of my life . 
  good grades , lots of friends ( including somebody i really liked , if you catch my drift ) . 
  sad when it ended . 
  that would make a nice change  might go see it at some point . 
  stem teachers as well right ? 
  or is that public sector ? 
  obama was definitely one of the better presidents from what i heard of him . 
  trump is absolutely the worst . 
  i do n't like us politics ( first president i remember was gwb ) and even i liked obama . 
  amongst many other things he actually seemed to be making an effort to change things for the better in the us . 
  fully in favour . 
  renewables definitely have a place but they 're not going to form the backbone of an energy supply . 
  nuclear power is fine if done correctly , and modern plants are better than ever . 
  i am also all in favour of switching from fission to fusion if we ever manage to harness fusion as a means of energy generation . 
  australian , french , irish . 
  admittedly 2 of those are english-speaking countries , but still ... 
   i 'd say quite a lot of people speak it , it seems accentless as it is spoken all over the country without comment . 
  not in my experience . 
  do n't ... do n't do that . 
  but no , i 'm not . 
  rp just is n't as standard as some people seem to think . 
  in fact it 's not even close to being that ubiquitous . 
  depends what you mean by standard . 
  rp could be defined as a standard accent but it 's not standard in the sense that the majority of people use it . 
  in fact it 's actually quite rare for someone to speak rp these days - i 've met no more than a handful of people who even come close to speaking rp . 
  preston , definitely . 
  great transport links , near the coast , cheap ... it 's also where i went to uni . 
  tap water , at most if not all places , is free in the uk as far as i know . 
  obviously any extreme parties first and foremost . 
  of the mainstream parties , from disagree with most to disagree with least : bnp , ukip , greens , labour , conservative , lib dems . 
  i 've ignored parties like the snp , dup etc. 
  as they do n't ` compete ' in england , so will never put acandidate forward for my local seat . 
  additionally i know less about them as a result . 
  lib dems , apart from their views on brexit, 
  i do n't support the labour party but his actions in the wake of what 's happened in london this year have been impeccable . 
  as a whole , i 'd go liability, 
  bacon ? 
  they 've started calling certain sports competitions between particular universities ` varsity ' matches , or similar . 
  no idea what it means but to me it 's a very american thing . 
  steering wheel , steering wheel !, 
  graduation from school ( exactly what have you achieved ? ), 
  and use of the word ` varsity ' . 
  indications are we came over from france with the normans , so possibly just under 1000 years . 
  not entirely sure though . 
  i like them very much , especially the queen and prince harry . 
  will and kate are alright too , not sure about charles though . 
   come to england , avoid the nauseating tourist trap that is london i wish i could upvote you more, 
  6 months to a year . 
  personally i go every 6 months . 
  and people everywhere are murdered every day . 
  people die of preventable and non-preventable diseases every day . 
  these things happen in far greater number than those who die in terrorist attacks . 
  obviously without a flair i do n't know what country you 're from , but i very much doubt that there are no murders there , no crime , no disease , nothing . 
  hell , i live in the uk ( you know , the place with 3 attacks in 3 months ) , i was at the manchester arena the day before the attack there , and i feel perfectly safe . 
  do you want to know what my main worries are right now ? 
  finding a job . 
  learning to drive . 
  getting a doctor 's appointment so i can try to get rid of the minor health issues i 've been suffering for the past year or so . 
  my concern about being killed in a terrorist attack is so low that it may as well be zero , and i live in a country where terrorist attacks have happened ( rather than just visiting ) which increases the odds of me suffering in one significantly - though they are still vanishingly small . 
  i have family that live near london , where 2 of the attacks happened . 
  again , to a large extent i 'm not concerned . 
  no offence , but to take true due dilligence to protect a group of people would involve moving out to a house in the middle of nowhere and never interacting with the world again . 
  bad things happen , and there are bad people out there . 
  there are bad people everyhwere . 
  these are facts and i do n't deny them .
