  either [ muse - uprising ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8kqmps-sog ) or [ the kaiser chiefs - never miss a beat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-rgipikcl4 ) . 
  there 's probably others but they 're the ones that immediately come to mind . 
  edit : actually , [ i predict a riot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hamkl-su8pe ) is probably the more appropriate kaiser chiefs song for this situation . 
  i 'd still probably go with muse though . 
  maybe not so much if they 're just visiting ( although it would be worth learning the basics ) but if people come to live here , i think they should at least make an effort to learn english , even if they 're not very good at it . 
  similarly , when visiting other countries , i try to use the native language as much as possible . 
  even if i ca n't really form sentences , i at least try to learn the basics from a phrasebook . 
  along with / u/abstractlemgth 's post , i 'll add a few more : four lions , a dark comedy about a group of homegrown terrorists from sheffield . 
  kinky boots , a film ( based on a true story ) about a traditional northamptonshire shoe factory that turns to making sturdy , high-heeled boots for transvestites in order to reverse their declining sales and save the factory ( brilliant film , although it might be more well-known now that there 's a broadway/west-end musical ) possibly sunshine , although i 'm not sure how ` cult ' it is . 
  certainly having spoken to a couple of italian friends of mine , they had n't heard of it . 
  i 'll go with the others on this and ask , what about trump 's scandals ? 
  but also , what about his policies ( or lack of ) during the campaign . 
  did he ever say how he 's planning to implement those policies ? 
   i wo n't lie , i 'm your average american who likes a strong leader and trump looked stronger to me . 
  would you rather have someone incompetent and potentially dangerous ( but who looks strong to you ) , or would you rather have someone who knows what they 're doing but looks weaker ? 
  thanks for your opinions by the way , i disagree with you in pretty much every way but it 's good to hear the opinions of a trump voter without it developing into a shouting match . 
  out of interest , what did n't you like about hillary ? 
  i know she is n't perfect but she has a long background in politics and ( from the outside at least ) seemed significantly less divisive than trump . 
  certainly i would be less worried at the chances of her provoking something than i am with trump . 
  my opinion of him was bad before he became president , when he was talking about things like the wall and lying through his teeth . 
  now he 's actually trying to carry out these things , and still lying through his teeth , and declaring any news he does n't like as ` fake news ' , my opinion of him has plummeted even from the low position it was in before . 
  i grew up whilst bush was president and honestly , even he would be better . 
  seems a little unfair to have been downvoted just because you vote tory and favour brexit , so have an upvote to counter it . 
  should n't be downvoted for having different ( and equally valid ) opinions . 
  not yankees , yanks maybe . 
  i think it 's a ridiculous statement , the us is n't in charge - if anybody is , the un is - and many other countries are free in some way or another . 
  one positive connotation for me though is [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzggrhcc_xm ) . 
  the song itself is quite negative about ` the leaders of the free world ' ( the album from which the song is taken was released in 2005 here , 2006 in the us , so during the blair/bush years ) but i do really enjoy the song !, 
  is that building small or just far away ? 
   it 's even worse in the east midlands , where it tastes like feet . 
  it 's probably just because you 're used to the water where you live . 
  i grew up in the east midlands , and i like the water . 
  i currently live in lancashire , and while many obviously think the water tastes fine , i think it does n't taste very nice . 
  i actually like nickelback . 
  not heard a great deal of their music , but those songs i have heard i thought were pretty good . 
  i can understand kanye though . 
  i only know one song he 's done - gold digger - and frankly when you 're the second best singer when you 're the only singer by trade in the song ... jamie foxx is a brilliant singer though . 
  [ are nickelback not canadian ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nickelback ) anyway , ours is probably coldplay . 
  i kind of like them though . 
  kind of . 
  british , then english , then european . 
  do n't really identify myself as european at all but officially i am , so i have to include it . 
  i do n't regard myself as an eu citizen anywhere near as much as a british citizen . 
  i 've never thought of myself as being an eu citizen , but i guess i technically am , at least for now . 
  the eu is a difficult subject , understandably given recent events here . 
  i think it is positive , but i 've been disappointed at the amount of vitriol from both sides ; particularly disappointing is the reaction from some other europeans since the vote . 
  the population here decided ( by a small majority ) that being in the eu was no longer working for them or for the uk . 
  the vote was taken democratically , and is using a valid clause to exit the eu . 
  unfortunately i have seen some react negatively on here to people from the uk , despite , as i say , the vote having been very close . 
  to be honest my personal view is that while the eu is mainly positive , i can understand the reasons why some people i know voted to leave . 
  edit : why the downvote ? 
  it 's a shame really . 
  good political discussion needs views from both sides , rather than just labelling anything remotely right-wing as evil . 
  pretty much any song by elbow . 
  queen 's always a good one too . 
  op said right wing , not far right . 
  right wing here includes the conservatives . 
  even with that being the case , i would n't want to become one country . 
  it 's quite possible to collaborate on various things without becoming one country - hence treaties . 
  never met a us soldier , but as with all soldiers , it 's brave of them to do what they do . 
  i disagree with what the us military does on a reasonably regular basis but that 's more to do with the government and the people at the top than the boots on the ground . 
  it 's probably also a product of growing up during the bush years , with the iraq war etc. 
  not to mention that theresa may was chosen by members of her party , and not the country as a whole . 
  agreed on london , went there last summer and there was litter on the pavements , lots of bin bags just piled up outside restaurants ; it was n't very nice . 
  other cities i 've been to in the uk are cleaner in my experience . 
  not keen . 
  work together - absolutely . 
  become one nation ? 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm currently living in lancashire though , and i refuse to call it a barmcake, 
  a huge amount - along with having different accents , there 's a lot of local slang and other terms in the uk . 
  a big one is over what a bread roll should be called ( although obviously it 's a cob ) . 
  i think we 'd probably destroy the tunnel if the russians got to france , it 's too easy to use for invasion . 
  hope not . 
  spaceflight is far more than just manned missions . 
  i 'll give the same answer i gave to another , similar , question : [ besame ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgvvcc9t2ea ) , [ gagarin , i loved you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uegl4q-g6ey ) , or [ nessun dorma ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4zfmxe_8og ) . 
  love them all for different reasons ( mainly the last 2 though ) edit : forgot [ do n't break my heart ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgbjodf9gn4 ) . 
  the chorus is english but the rest is in ( i think ) ukrainian . 
  there 's plenty - we have the esa , i know for a fact the uk has it 's own space agency ( and possibly other countries do too ) , eads astrium ( now airbus defence and space ) build rockets , satellites , iss components , run missions , and generally do quite a lot . 
  in terms of private companies , there 's a number of ships already out there or in development - skylon is probably the most famous of these , along with virgin galactic ( although based in long beach , the parent company is british ) . 
  european missions tend to be launched either from baikonur or kourou as far as i 'm aware . 
  there 's lots of chocolate bars that i think are very hard to find in the us , so i 'd say those . 
  it 's possible that it is becoming less safe , but not overly so . 
  if you consider what was happening with the ira a few decades ago , you could argue that the uk at least is actually more safe than it was then . 
  do n't know about the rest of europe as i do n't know enough about the recent history of those countries . 
  i do n't recall seeing the british flag much , let alone the eu one . 
  think the british flag got hung up for a short while but it got taken down pretty quickly . 
  i do n't know about the rest of europe , but i 'd say that there is a little animosity towards the us here - but entirely directed towards the government and not the people . 
  as far as i can tell george w bush was n't very popular here ( especially due to the iraq war ) and trump 's even less popular . 
  whether that 's true or not , countries in the west should not interfere in the decisions of countries in the middle east . 
  do n't know about the first question , but to the second i 'd answer no . 
  if people in the middle east want to be more secular , then let them . 
  if they do n't , then let them make that choice . 
  i like cricket but i do n't know how people can pay attention to a match that lasts 5 days . 
  t20 all the way for me . 
  american football is rising in popularity , but i 'm personally not a fan . 
  i watched the super bowl a few years ago , and it felt like 5 minutes of action , followed by 10 minutes of analysis of those 5 minutes , followed by 5 minutes of adverts . 
  way too many long stoppages in my opinion . 
  really ?
