  turns out he was around my height as well . 
  he 's often portrayed as being really short though . 
  never . 
  i love rain . 
  edit : and wind . 
  the wilder the better as far as i 'm concerned . 
  honestly the most i 've ever seen of napoleon was in bill and ted 's excellent adventure , and somehow i do n't think that was entirely historically accurate . 
  short guy . 
  decent military leader . 
  defeated by wellinggon . 
  displays a surprising amount of enjoyment for water parks / s in all seriousness though , i do n't know what it was like for others in the uk but we were never really taught about wellington , napoleon and waterloo . 
  at various times in my life i could have told you all about the tudors , the stuarts , the romans or world war 2 ( european front , naturally ) but nothing at all about napoleon . 
  i 'll admit my first thought was south african , but according to his channel details he 's based in australia . 
  from what i 've heard it would be quicker to give a list of stuff that was accurate . 
  he would be recognised as president , given he won the vote ( how democratic that voting system is is a discussion for another time ) . 
  personally i like the plan some came up with when it looked like he might visit before the election : just ignore him . 
  if he comes over , treat him as if he 's just another person , and do n't acknowledge that he 's here . 
  admittedly that probably would n't happen , but it 's a nice idea . 
  personally i hope that if he does visit , he has his meetings with theresa may etc. 
  and then just leaves . 
  given some of the things he 's said , i would n't be surprised if people went out of their way to make him feel unwelcome - the politicians wo n't of course , but the public will . 
  i know we 're allied with the us but i like him less than i like bush , and given that the majority of my life has been during and in the aftermath of the iraq war that really is saying something . 
  assuming you mean george w bush , what little i remember of him is entirely negative . 
  most of what i remember of him is to do with the iraq war , and that is the reason why . 
  he is/was as bad as blair in that regard . 
  wipeout pure or worms armageddon, 
  for movies , sunshine , although that is my favourite movie so some bias there . 
  sherlock , or doctor who probably . 
  sherlock for quality , doctor who for longevity . 
  as with all stereotypes , they may have some basis in fact , but they are massively exaggerated . 
  one i 've seen a lot is brits having bad teeth - as with every nation , dental health varies but on the whole i think we have reasonable dental health . 
  my teeth , for example , whilst not completely straight ( still pretty straight ) and not pearly-white ( but not yellow either ) are , according to my dentist , perfectly healthy . 
  i have had braces in the past ( one side of my family has small mouths , too small to contain every tooth , so i had to have braces for that ) but i have had no fillings , have never had my teeth whitened , and only had teeth taken out for the braces . 
  the other one i 've seen is that europeans are snobby ; again , there may be some who are , but from my point of view any snobbiness is down to a ) cultural differences , so what 's seen as normal here may come across as snobby there , and b ) a response to some ( emphasis on some ) americans that act all high and mighty about their nation , and supposedly being the best in the world at everything . 
  it 's hard not to develop a reaction when you 're repeatedly told that you and your country are effectively worthless ( even whe you can objectively point out that whilst it is worse in some areas , it is also better in others ) . 
  again though , emphasis on the some . 
  you do get others that do n't intend to be like that , but still act as if europe is some mythical and strange land where everything is done weird , and that it 's one entity ( when as pointed out below , it 's really , really not ) . 
  it 's not quite as bad as the first group , but still a little frustrating . 
  thanks for not being one of those people . 
  if you ever get the chance to visit , please feel welcome . 
  basically , yep . 
  meaning that when snow really strikes ( as it did in i think 2010 , when we had many inches of snow ) we are seriously , seriously underprepared . 
  we do n't deal well with a few millimetres of snow , let alone a few centimetres . 
  only once , on an activity day with the cubs . 
  i think it was a rifle , and i remember being decent considering i was a child and a beginner . 
  never held a gun since , and do n't see any reason why i 'd want to ( i 'm also not considering the military as a career , and that would be the only reason why i 'd want a gun ) . 
  i believe we had hong kong on loan, 
  sadiq khan would be the obvious one , mayor of london . 
  otheriwse it 's mainly the leaders of parties that only participate in elections in certain areas , for example nicola sturgeon of the snp . 
  spring - sunny , but cool and with rain at times . 
  traditionally showers in april , although this can happen at any time . 
  summer - reasonably dry , with rainy spells able to occur at any time . 
  with the change in climate recent summers have tended towards being more tropical than normal - very , very hot spells ( for us ) followed by huge thunderstorms . 
  hot spells generally last at most 2 weeks . 
  autumn - grey , rainy with spells of sunshine . 
  winter - occasionally rainy with spells of sunshine , sometimes snow . 
  rarely above 10 degrees celsius , most of the time around 2 or 3 . 
  note : other than the hot weather , any of these seasons can happen at any time in britain . 
  snow has been known to fall in june in the past . 
  englishman here , completely agree . 
  there are no people i know that to my knowledge would refer to themselves as european over british or english . 
  i feel some sense of commonality with scotland , wales , northern ireland and ( to a lesser extent ) ireland , but the rest of europe is just that - europe . 
  as much as i am quite happy to have trade deals and other treaties with them , i do not feel european myself . 
  if you want good examples , look up interviews with people like steven gerrard , jamie carragher etc. 
  they used to play for liverpool football club and are from the liverpool area . 
   we still have ceremonies to remember fallen soldiers , but they 're seen equally as a mourning for people who should never have been sent to war as they are for the admiration of heroes . 
  could n't agree more . 
  thing is that london is not representative of the rest of the uk . 
  it is vastly different in size , population and wealth ; if that 's all you 've experienced of the uk then you wo n't have got an accurate picture of the country as a whole . 
  not only that , but it is also one of the southernmost cities in the uk - there are plenty of cities further north that would change your mind . 
  we need to stop fighting in the middle east and making those countries worse ( i.e taking out their infrastructure , wrecking the economy then doing very little to help the rebuild once the war is over ) and start projects that help those countries get back on their feet . 
  as much as i do n't agree with terrorism ( obviously ) , it would improve the image of the west vastly if we were seen to be helping people rather than shooting them . 
  and that in turn would reduce the appeal of groups like isis . 
  this is one of the main reasons i am worried about trump being the president of the us - if he starts singling out muslims for restrictions etc. , how do you think those who are already sceptical of the us and its allies will react ? 
  it will only make things worse . 
  on a side note , it should also be pointed out more often that not all terrorism is islamic . 
  not only is terrorism also carried out by other people , but the terrorism that is carried out by those who claim to be muslim have very little to do with modern islam . 
  i have friends that are muslim . 
  i am in no way scared that they will commit a terrorist act ; they are my friends , and i treat them as such . 
  i know i feel much closer to northern europe than southern , i feel like we have more in common with countries like sweden , denmark , finland etc. 
  than those on the med . 
  though britain to me feels like a bit of a wild , windswept land , which to me says ` north ' far more than ` south ' . 
  the midlands . 
  say that and everyone just thinks of big cities ( probably birmingham ) but it has some really beautiful countryside . 
  from what i 've heard of bl , i 'm not sure many would agree with you :p although obviously the mini was quite good ( i do n't count the bmw mini , considering it 's not that small anymore ), 
  the price of democracy is that sometimes things do n't go your way . 
  but suspending elections would make things far worse . 
  elbow, 
  dresden , melbourne, 
  i have never known a passport control officer to not look at least bored , if not mean . 
  i figure that it 's part of their job . 
  in short i would n't take it personally . 
  not that i recall . 
  in any case , like i say , everyone i 've spoken to is against the idea of a wall on the american border , let alone here , and judging from the reaction to trump the vast majority of the country would be against it . 
  the idea of having `` a moat '' to control borders here is ridiculous anyway , seeing as the preferred method of illegal immigrants that come here appears to be sneaking onto lorries that take the channel tunnel - which a moat would n't stop . 
  i do n't thik the wall would be accepted in the uk either . 
  obviously you 'd get a few supporters , but literally everyone i 've spoken to has said the wall is a ridiculous idea and wo n't happen - it costs too much and it wo n't help the situation all that much , along with being a massive political own-goal in terms of international relations . 
  there 's nothing i 've heard that would shock me about the left in particular - to be honest the only thing i would find shocking about the left is something that relates to american politics in general ; the level of rhetoric , nationalism and expenditure on election campaigns . 
  edit : in fairness i should mention that i would vote democrat if i was from the us - considering my experience of the republican party has been bush jr and trump , as opposed to obama ( and to a lesser extent clinton ) that may not be a massive surprise . 
  actually , as with every area of the country , the midlands is really , really beautiful .
