  threw a stone at a window and nearly smashed it . 
  think i got scammed by one of them once as well . 
  the worst experience i 've had was the first one . 
  there 's an area near me that was kept a little bit wild , so you could walk through it and sit on benches in it but it was full of wildlife , bushes and so on . 
  a really nice area to be in . 
  then some travellers moved in , left all their rubbish ( both man-made and animal waste ) , did n't clean it up and moved on . 
  took years for the area to recover , and that was with a lot of effort from the locals . 
  i hate to stereotype but in my case both my experiences fit the stereotype , and not in a good way . 
   the stereotype , as i have always known it , is that britons have -- how to put this ? -- teeth in need of orthodontics . 
  see this still from family guy goes british . 
  i feel it should be pointed out that ths stereotype is still false . 
  i 'd like to add the related ` all brexit supporters are racist ' stereotype . 
  it 's just not true . 
  i think people are losing the ability to say `` you have your opinion , and i have my opinion , and they are different opinions , * and * * that 's * * ok * . '', 
  i 've even been downvoted for not liking the current leadership of the labour party - it was a thread asking if people 's political views have changed in the last 2 years , and my reply was something along the lines of having moved from centre-right to the centre , but i could n't see myself shifting any further left because i do n't agree with the current strand of labour politics and ca n't picture jeremy corbyn as prime minister . 
  cue downvotes because i 'm not an ardent labour supporter . 
  and that was on * this * sub , which up until then i 'd found very open and welcoming !, 
  never mind me saying on a different thread that i like having separate hot and cold taps ( last time i looked i was on -5 for that ) . 
  spanish or russian . 
  there 's the case of colin pitchfork - he raped and murdered 2 schoolgirls 3 years apart , but was caught using dna fingerprinting - the first time it was used in a criminal case . 
  it happened very near where i live , actually . 
  there 's probably more but westward ho !, 
  springs to mind ( yes , the exclamation mark is in the name ) . 
  there 's also a place in the netherlands called wezep . 
  me and my dad took great delight in saying ` wezep ' every time we passed through there on holiday . 
  in that case fair enough , you 've probably seen as much of the uk as i have . 
  i do n't know about the other countries but i suspect for the uk it comes from the sense that most people only visit london , or possibly edinburgh . 
  as with most countries you have n't really ` done ' the country if you only visit the capital . 
  not saying you only did london , obviously , but it seems to be true for most people . 
  shot what i think was a rifle at an activity day out with the cubs years ago . 
  i was impressed with how accurate i was , considering i was a 10 year old first-timer , but it was pretty neutral in terms of enjoyment . 
  have n't had the urge to have another go since then . 
  so much this . 
  i could get a gun license , but i do n't need a gun , i do n't want a gun , and i like living in a country where not many people * do * have guns . 
  what about if you 're driving ? 
  i can safely say i have never heard of a drill for a terrorist attack . 
  the only ones i had were in case of fire . 
   computers , cellphones , rockets , google computers : depending on what you count as a computer , either charles babbage ( london ) or max newman ( london ) , tommy flowers ( london ) and team . 
  mobile phones : fair enough , made by people from the us . 
  rockets : again , depending on what you 'd count , either china , india or possibly the us - although the rocket technology recognised the world over ( saturn v etc. ), 
  originated from the desire to build icbms , which in the case of the us was developed by wernher von braun ( german ) and his team ( also german ) using their eperience from developing the v2 ( german ) . 
  additionally many us rockets in more recent times , such as the atlas , have used rd-180s for their first stages . 
  these are engines developed by the soviet union/russia . 
  google : obviously american , on a platform built in part in the us and in part at cern . 
  i 'll grant you this one too , though , as it 's just google you mention . 
  for the people i know who voted for brexit it was about them feeling that the eu has too much influence in uk laws and that it 's heading in a direction they do n't agree with ( federalisation ) . 
  for the people i know who voted for brexit it was about them feeling that the eu has too much influence in uk laws and that it 's heading in a direction they do n't agree with ( federalisation ) . 
  for the people i know who voted for brexit it was about them feeling that the eu has too much influence in uk laws and that it 's heading in a direction they do n't agree with ( federalisation ) . 
  for the people i know who voted for brexit it was about them feeling that the eu has too much influence in uk laws and that it 's heading in a direction they do n't agree with ( federalisation ) . 
  ancestry counts for exactly zilch . 
  colonies still in the commonwealth might be seen more favourably ( as we 're still very closely connected ) but the us is just another western nation , and a slightly divisive one at that . 
  i 'll be honest , not keen . 
  most of my experience with the people has been with those who are at best ignorant and at worst horrid ( although obviously the internet tends to draw people like that from all places ) . 
  not keen on the gun laws or the healthcare system . 
  certainly not a fan of their most recent actions overseas . 
  i hate the us # 1 mentality too . 
  in the last few weeks i 've seen my country 's healthcare system dumped on repeatedly by people who dismiss it as ` socialist ' . 
  this annoys me a great deal . 
  i find the obsession with the flag odd , and that goes for the military as well . 
  watching the news about the american police makes me glad of my country 's own police too . 
  from everything i 've read of the cold war i do n't agree with much of what the soviet union did but i can understand why they wanted missiles in cuba - at that point the us could hit the soviets but the soviets could n't hit back from the ussr , so had to find somewhere else to put them . 
  therefore , although i do n't agree with almost anything that the ussr did or stood for , i also do n't think it equated to us = good , ussr = bad - not completely , anyway . 
  this leads me onto my point that i do n't think the us is as benevolent as many americans seem to think it is . 
  it 's easy to think your country only does good when the bad things happen half a world away . 
  this also goes for the uk , but i freely admit that . 
  i do wonder if the us would be so militaristic if ww2 had reached the us mainland . 
  having grandparents who had their houses bombed and who probably had friends that died does tend to alter perspectives . 
  do n't even get me started on the politics . 
  too partisan , terrible system ( i do n't like the uk 's system either ) and as for the presidents ... obama was alright by me , but the other 2 i remember in my life are bush and trump . 
  i sincerely hope trump never visits us . 
  i also hate his actions in scotland with his golf course . 
  he is despicable . 
  the list of world leaders i like less than him is short , and consists entirely of dictators and the like . 
  i disagree with him on almost everything . 
  i 'm not overly fussed about visiting , other than the kennedy space centre and seattle . 
  i certainly would n't be keen on living there . 
  there are some positives , but the fact that these are my initial thoughts on the us speaks volumes . 
  is it poorer though ? 
  i 'd think it 's not so clear-cut given what we get for our money . 
  well , i do n't know how many other countries in the eu have fptp but i ca n't imagine there 's many . 
  in addition the feeling that the eu interfered too much was one of the reasons people voted for brexit , so i do n't imagine it would have gone down too well if the eu had pushed for us to drop fptp ( even though i personally would have agreed with the eu for that specific case ) . 
  no , that was just the percentages of the party that got the most votes . 
  for elections that ended in coalitions : 2010 : conservatives ( 36.1 % ) plus lib dems ( 23.0 % ) is 59.1 % . 
  2017 : conservatives ( 42.3 % ) plus dup ( 0.9 % ) is 43.2 % , although technically this is n't a coalition for reasons i ca n't remember off the top of my head . 
  for every election except 2010 , then , most people voted for a party that had little to no power in government ( and some would include the 2010 lib dems in that as well ) . 
  this is a fault of the first past the post voting system we use , and is something i would like to see changed within my lifetime . 
  however , all of these governments were completely legitimate . 
  you remind me of when jenson button was on top gear . 
  he was asked how fast he 'd taken his supercar on the motorway - there was a definite smirk on his face when he replied with `` 70 '' . 
  the winning percentages for the last few elections here : 42.3 % , 36.8 % , 36.1 % , 35.2 % , 40.7 % ,43.2 % . 
  that 's just the ones in my lifetime . 
  just because most people * did n't * vote for a party does n't make that government illegitimate . 
  the type of voting system might not be good but those parties were voted for , fair and square . 
  i understand that you do n't agree with trump . 
  personally i think he 's one of the worst us presidents out of those i 'm that familiar with ( and i grew up at the time of * bush * * and * * iraq * ) but that does n't make his government illegitimate . 
  favourite folk artist ? 
  bellowhead . 
  always bellowhead . 
  [ here 's a slightly amusing one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3osrmfe7xqq ) they tend ( ed , strictly speaking as they 've just broken up ) to do their own take on traditional songs .
