  f ** k off ! '' ) . 
  wanted france to win , as i felt that the italians had been super lucky and had cheated a little against australia earlier in the tournament . 
  honestly ? 
  off the top of my head i ca n't think of anything . 
  there 's probably something but i do n't know ... barbecued food over there sounds quite nice , so maybe that ? 
  and whilst the internet might be a us invention , the world wide web , making it easy to use , is european ( thanks tim ) . 
  the transistor was patented ( albeit not built ) by a guy born in lviv and educated in germany . 
   wild boards might get aggressive , in rare occasion . 
  a bit of magic potion helps to deal with them . 
  not an awful lot . 
  we studied the vietnam war but that was about it . 
  others learnt about the american west , but that was one of the 2 history courses available - i went with the other one as it sounded more interesting . 
  new zealand or canada ( probably canada of the two ) . 
  cost is included in taxes , so we do n't pay at point-of-service . 
  do n't know how much the taxes are ( as i 'm not quite old enough to be paying taxes yet ) but i do like having the nhs . 
  that being said , it has been struggling more over the last few years due to extra funding not keeping up with demand/inflation . 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/usa/gbr/show/2015/ ) as of 2015 the uk 's main imports from the us were aircraft , aircraft parts , fuel and medicine . 
  as i do n't currently drive , and obviously do n't own or build aircraft , the only one i use with any regularity is medicine . 
  computers , the next largest , are something i do use on a daily basis . 
  i think there is that , and there is r/askacanadian , but niether is particularly populated . 
  r/canada is probably your best bet . 
  we have remembrance day ( or armistice day ) on the 11th november , with a silence at 11am and often a poem - a stanza from ` for the fallen ' by lawrence binyon : * they shall grow not old , as we that are left grow old . 
  age shall not weary them , nor the years condemn . 
  at the going down of the sun and in the morning : we will remember them . 
  * [ the last post ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4ntsqzct_4 ) is often played as well . 
  german ? 
   tell me , how do you tell `` moderate '' muslims from isis ? 
  what filter do you suggest we use when accepting immigrants ? 
  i suggest doing the same as we do now , welcoming all but keeping tabs on people who become a cause for concern . 
  i 'm not overly familiar with the ins and outs but i 'm happy to let our security agencies carry on as they are , they do a fine job . 
   do you honestly not believe that if there were fewer muslims in europe there would be fewer islamically motivated terror attacks in europe ? 
  because i do . 
  when there were hardly any muslims in ( western ) europe there were hardly any muslim terrorist attacks either . 
  no , i do n't . 
  the vast , vast , vast majority of muslims are not terrorists , so you 'd have to be extremely stringent to make sure that none who are actually terrorists slipped through the net . 
  there 's hardly any attacks by the ira here now either , but are there fewer irish people ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
   i would advise from visiting syria , iraq or afghanistan , muslim ban or no muslim ban . 
  and in any case safety in your own home country should be the priority here and this a distant afterthought at best . 
  i do n't mean the middle east . 
  i mean countries that would currently be regarded as relatively safe that may become dangerous for tourists as a result of this ban . 
  and what if i want to move elsewhere in the world ? 
  plenty of people make their lives in countries that are n't their own . 
  again , i do n't want to be trapped here out of fear . 
   the simplest and most effective solution is not to have muslims in your country . 
  islam is the problem . 
  the motivation is islamic and the perpetrators muslim - no nonsense about the evil west bringing it upon itself and deserving it will change that fact . 
  the root of the problem is islam and stopping it at its source is by far the most logical and effective solution . 
  no , islam is not the problem . 
  a small group of very nasty people , acting in the name of a particularly hardline branch of their faith , is the problem . 
  the perpetrators are muslim , true , but islam , like many religions , does not consist of just one branch . 
  it 'd be like saying all christians are white supremacists because the kkk existed . 
  obviously this is untrue , and so is the thought that all muslims follow the particular branch of islam that isis follow . 
  the root of the problem is the branch , not the whole tree . 
  anyway , i need sleep as it 's now 1am here and i have revision to do tomorrow ( technically today ) . 
  much as i disagree with you in every way , it has been interesting having my thoughts challenged . 
  the only thing i would advise is not to paraphrase people in such a way that it changes the meaning of the quote , as that is no better than the worst media companies and does you no favours in a debate . 
  goodnight . 
  your paraphrasing is entirely unreasonable . 
  i actually said  having a muslim ban just gives isis more rhetoric to use to further their cause , and frankly i 'd rather stop that from happening . 
  note that i said isis , not muslims . 
  2 different groups . 
  isis are supposedly muslim , but being muslim does not in any way make you part of isis . 
  you are the one who implied that muslims are ( and i quote ) , `` these potential terrorists '' . 
  that you evidently equate muslims with terrorists does not mean that i do . 
  imagine if we banned all christians , for example . 
  do you not think there are christian extremists ? 
  anywhere ? 
  would you not be giving people a reason to join them and form groups similar to isis if you banned their religion on the actions of a very , very small number ? 
   do you not find it concerning that such a small minority of the population is responsible for the overwhelming majority of such terror attacks ? 
  do we have to pretend that the problem is n't clearly visible ? 
  no , i do n't find it concerning . 
  the most prominent terror group today is isis , a group who ( supposedly ) follow islam . 
  does it surprise me that more people who follow islam seem to carry out attacks than other groups ? 
  no , it 's logical ; a highly prominent group whose name is known worldwide and supposedly follow a particular branch of a religion . 
  naturally they 'll draw more people of their own particular branch of their religion than people of other branches of that religion , or of other religions . 
  the problem comes when people just want wide-scale reprisals and retribution , which just leads to an escalation in conflict . 
  do you honestly think banning islam would stop terrorist attacks ? 
  or is it more likely to give them more resolve to destroy their enemies ? 
  okay , maybe if we banned islam here i might be safer here . 
  perhaps . 
  but what if i want to go out and see the world ? 
  what if i want to go and visit places not in my country or on my continent ? 
  oh wait , suddenly i ca n't , because the risk of being attacked for being from the uk is just too high . 
  not everywhere is as secure as the uk , there are many places where a muslim ban would be unenforcable . 
  it would n't protect absolutely everywhere , not to mention that it probably would n't help much here either . 
  i do n't want to live in a world where i stay at home out of fear of being killed , because some people thought it would be a good idea to give isis more determination to kill me and others from my country . 
  that goes for all terror groups of all faiths , too . 
  i have an ancestor that lived , worked and died in the city in which i now go to university , and i only found out recently ( having been here for almost 4 years ) . 
  my solution is not to ban them based on the actions of a few . 
  if you 're saying that all muslims are potential terrorists , then you have to say that all irish people are potential terrorists , and that they should be banned . 
  is anyone proposing that ? 
  no , and it should n't be , because it 's just as ridiculous as a muslim ban . 
  either you accept that it 's actually a very small number of people behind the attacks , and just target them , or you ban the whole religion , and give those on the fence far more of a reason to join the likes of isis . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , people of all faiths are welcome here , as long as they obey the laws of the land . 
  and you know what ? 
  the vast majority of them do . 
  because they are normal people like you or me , who just happen to practice a faith that 's being used as an excuse by people with far more sinister intentions . 
  i do n't care if someone 's christian , muslim , buddhist or any other religion . 
  i do care if they try to harm my country .
