london . 
  very much london . 
  i like them , they do a good job , generally . 
  personally , basically nothing . 
  the only things that got close were leraning about the vietnam war and ( in our english lessons ) studying of mice and men . 
  other than that , absolutely nothing . 
  in fairness that happens on both sides . 
  politicians are politicians . 
   whiskey , bagpipes easily more scottish/irish than english/welsh ( or certainly english , anyway ) . 
  bagpipes are n't really a thing here ( england ) . 
  even whiskey 's not that common a drink ( i.e we have it but it 's not as popular as many other forms of alcohol ) . 
  just the once . 
  not bothered about doing it again . 
  blackpool , seascale , basically that area . 
  also the west coast main line . 
  blackpool , seascale , basically that area . 
  also the west coast main line . 
  english and a little french . 
  never again . 
  nobody wins when countries start using nuclear weapons . 
  i would hope it 's the point when the world started to think that things had gone too far , but i 'm not sure that 's happened . 
  for one , it 's removing the hard shoulder at certain times of the day - which is there to provide a safe lane for anybody that 's broken down . 
  agreed . 
  it 's like riding on air . 
   however , i think it 's windier here than the uk ... where do i sign ? 
   i think its clear to say americans have relized trump is not the great president he claims to be . 
  what do people outside of the us think of him ? 
  does anybody think that trump has been doing a good job ? 
  of the three presidents that have been in power whilst i 've been old enough to remember them , trump is by some margin the worst . 
  * he * * is * * worse * * than * * bush * . 
  kim in charge of north korea scares me , but in combination with trump in charge of the us i 'm * terrified * , because i just know one of them will do something stupid and start a nuclear war . 
  nobody wins in a nuclear war . 
   america has always said its the top superpower in the world . 
  do other counrties look up to it as the gaurdian , like our country so often seems , helping out any country in need ? 
  not me at least , and judging from other answers many share that opinion . 
  in my opinion the us does just as much bad as good . 
   i have to ask about north korea . 
  our country keeps stating how big of a threat it is and that leader kim jong-il is a lunatic that ca n't be reasoned with . 
  i just saw one news clip of 4 women arguing to one man that theres clearly no way to negotiate with this un-nigotiable man , and the only way to solve this is more sanctions . 
  i couldnt help but think that our president himself would be just as unwilling and unable to negtiate as nk . 
  does the rest of the world realy think kim wont stop untill the states are destoryed , and theres nothing we can do to stop this crazy man , or do people more just think america is the one pushing their buttons and blowing this out of proportion ? 
  as much as kim scares me , i think he is also somewhat sensible - in that he knows * he * * will * * lose * if he tries to go toe-to-toe with the us . 
  i therefore do n't think he will use nukes - but obviously that 's no comfort to the people of south korea , and it wo n't stop him occasionally picking off bits of the south korean military . 
  sanctions are the way to go , as i do n't think he 'll negotiate either - although it has to be said trump 's words have been less than helpful . 
   as marijuana starts to become legalis lzed aross our country , even though its still actually federally illegal ( a concept that i still really quite understand ) , i notice i dont know much about the drugs reputatiom in other countries , other than that amsterdam is the supposed pot capitol of the world . 
  do other coutries care about it ? 
  is it just a normal thing in other places ? 
  as well as the constant contoversy here that hemp would be better to grow than trees for basicly everything , yet we still just destroy forrests . 
  do other countries do the same and keep using wood products instead of hemp , which would be much more benificial ? 
  drug taking is reasonably common here , although i personally have never taken ( and never plan to take ) drugs . 
  ca n't answer the second part of that . 
   what really is like the general outside veiw of the world on america in general ? 
  is it a nice place to live , do we have our shit together , and are we a country worth looking up to ? 
  a ) depends - for some it 's nice , for some it 's not . 
  personally it 's not in my plans to move there . 
  b ) sometimes , although less so at the moment . 
  personally there 's way too much patriotism for me , and i feel that it holds you back . 
  improvements ca n't be made if significant portions of the population think the us is perfect . 
  c ) in some ways , but not in others . 
  for movies and music , absolutely . 
  for a lot of other stuff it would have to be a no . 
  looking at rankings to do with healthcare , education etc. 
  will make my point . 
   what does the rest of the world believe about aliens and the exsistance of life other than that of earth ? 
  have they been here before ? 
  are they here now ? 
  i think its impossiboe to say that no other life exsists and i fully believe there are other things out there , and that they have been here . 
  personally i believe aliens exist , if only because it 's incredibly unlikely that they do n't , * somewhere * in the univers . 
  it 's a big place , and earth is just one small planet , orbiting around a fairly average star , in a fairly average galaxy . 
  i do n't however , believe they are here or have been here . 
  it is incredibly unlikely that intelligent life capable of building spacecraft exists in the solar system ( that kind of stuff 's extremely noticable ) and interstellar travel is extremely hard because of the distances involved . 
  we 've been on this planet for somewhere around 1.5 million years , and we have n't left earth orbit . 
  civilisation needs to exist long enough to make such craft without being destroyed by external forces and without ( importantly ) destroying themselves either . 
  think about how many times just in the last 50 years we 've been on the brink . 
  it is unlikely that more than a handful of civilisations have cracked interstellar travel , if that , and even less likely to have cracked intergalactic travel . 
  so yes , i think aliens exist , but no , they have n't been here . 
   edit : in most of europe anyway , constantiople was a different story . 
  also we did the cold war at gcse , you were robbed !, 
  the closest thing we did was vietnam . 
  why did we have to do wwii so many times ?!, 
  the uk between the romans and the tudors . 
  there 's well over 1000 years that never got covered . 
  alternatively the cold war . 
  4 not counting the uk . 
  i liked the netherlands the most , france would have to be the least because i was about 6 . 
  well , the fact that the average person does not have teeth like thise seen in family guy for one , in fact most people 's teeth are very straight . 
  some ( like me ) need braces for a few years when we 're young because my teeth were a little wonky but other than that the most anybody has is a filling or two - but the teeth themselves are as straight as you 'd like . 
  in my case my teeth are perfectly straight and healthy and i 've had no fillings or anything , just the braces i had when i was younger . 
  i 'd be very surprised if this was n't the case for a lot of people in the us , especially considering that ( again , in my case ) the reason i had braces was because i have a small jaw , so not enough space for all the teeth - additionally i had one ` baby ' tooth that did n't fall out when the adult tooth grew , so the adult tooth grew behind it . 
  note that my teeth were actually worse than the teeth of a lot of people my age in that respect . 
  like i say , i find it very hard to believe that as a nation we need orthodontics more than the us . 
  i certainly have never seen anyone who is n't old ( i.e when dental care was n't as good or relatively cheaply available ) with what you 'd call really bad teeth . 
  have n't played it , but having watched a little bit i have to say i found it dull . 
  potentially it could be a good sport , but it 's got all the stoppages that put me off rugby with added ad breaks . 
  even rugby does n't have the scenario of 5 minutes of play , followed by 5 minutes of analysis of the last 5 minutes , followed by 5 minutes of adverts , and repeat . 
  no wonder a game takes so long !, 
  ca n't see myself enjoying it to be honest - including ( perhaps especially ) playing it , as i do n't enjoy playing sports with that much physical contact , rugby included . 
  i 'm just not built for it . 
  answer from another thread : just twice , as far as i know , sadly both negative . 
  the most recent was a few years ago , there 's some who live next to the university i go to .
