  i never want a gun , i never want to have to own a gun . 
  i see no reason why i 'd need one , unless i joined the army ( i have no intention of doing that , and probably could n't pass the fitness tests anyway ) . 
  in a country that already has gun laws , and unless it 's for hunting or sport : civilians . 
  not . 
  need . 
  guns . 
  i know some do , but they only commentate on videos uploaded to the various clubs ' youtube channels . 
  paprika pringles definitely exist here , do n't know about salt and pepper though, 
  it is growing , but not significantly . 
  i know of about 2 or 3 people , maximum , who follow it . 
  the games in london seem to be reasonably well-attended and the superbowl 's becoming more popular but there 's no significant support . 
  i sense most students who watch it use it as an excuse to go out and get hammered , rather than going for the game . 
  i watched the superbowl on tv once , out of interest , and got bored after about 5-10 minutes . 
  way too many stoppages for it to be in any way exciting to me . 
  just twice , as far as i know , sadly both negative . 
  the most recent was a few years ago , there 's some who live next to the university i go to . 
  threw a stone at a window and nearly smashed it . 
  think i got scammed by one of them once as well . 
  the worst experience i 've had was the first one . 
  there 's an area near me that was kept a little bit wild , so you could walk through it and sit on benches in it but it was full of wildlife , bushes and so on . 
  a really nice area to be in . 
  then some travellers moved in , left all their rubbish ( both man-made and animal waste ) , did n't clean it up and moved on . 
  took years for the area to recover , and that was with a lot of effort from the locals . 
  i hate to stereotype but in my case both my experiences fit the stereotype , and not in a good way . 
  technically a scientist-in-training . 
  i study astrophysics , and am due to graduate in a few months . 
  australia , ireland , canada , new zealand : feels like they have a similar mentality . 
  us is more like a cousin : definitely family , but not entirely sure whether you like them or not . 
  the country : some good , some bad . 
  good in that it produces some excellent movies , music , tv etc. 
  but bad in terms of politics - seems very divisive and even when someone wants to help the poor , minorities etc. 
  there seems to be some backlash against it , which is surprising . 
  not keen on the gun culture either . 
  the politics and the guns , as well as the weather and some of the bugs , are some of the main reasons i could n't see myself living there . 
  the support of a financially crippling healthcare system is baffling to me as well . 
  the people : generally ok , certainly the one american i 've met was nice . 
  talked to a few others who seem like decent people . 
  some take their patriotism too far though , the stereotypical `` murica is best , your country is an islamist dump because it 's not like america ( usa , usa , usa , we 're number 1 at everything !, 
  ) , you 'd be speaking german if it was n't for us '' type . 
  i doubt it 's a widely held viewpoint , but it seems there are some who genuinely think that , and from an outside point of view the culture almost seems to encourage that way of thinking . 
  essentially i view americans as no different to anyone else : generally ok but with a few who i definitely would n't like , if i ever met them . 
  ps : i have n't mentioned trump . 
  globally , he is the person who most scares me right now , because whether on purpose or through ignorance i 'm worried that he 's going to do/say something stupid and provoke someone into starting a war . 
  i am far more worried about trump than i 'll ever be about brexit . 
  vietnam , civil rights , wall street crash . 
  that 's about it for me personally ( other than pearl harbour and the atomic bombs ) . 
  others learn about the civil war . 
  i know some people who voted leave for the same reasons . 
  despite what a lot of people would have you believe , it was n't all xenophobia . 
  it is possible for people to not like the eu - the people i know voted in decades ago , but feel the eu has started to encroach/interfere too much . 
  they 'd rather just have an economic treaty . 
  is n't that what it used to be ? 
   i think i have an unfair advantage over my compatriots living in britain , for instance you 're fortunate , sure , but i would n't call it particularly unfair . 
  i must admit , looking at the wiki article you 've posted , i have n't heard of most of the people mentioned . 
  davy crockett and john henry i 've only heard of because they 're mentioned on songs i like . 
  i do like older style american music though , i listen to bruce springsteen 's seeger sessions on a reasonably regular basis . 
  not the go to on my mp3 player , but when i 'm in the mood , i listen to it for days . 
  nfl 's grown slightly in the last few years , but it 's still definitely a minority sport , and most people who * do * watch it only watch the superbowl . 
  next i 'd imagine is nba , but again , very much a minority sport . 
  i 've never seen a game and only know perhaps 2 or 3 people who have . 
  there 's certainly only a couple i can think of who follow it ( there must be some people who play it though , i know luol deng plays in the nba , and we have our own league too ) . 
  baseball and nhl are equal and last , i 've never known anyone who watches them , follows them or has even mentioned them . 
  we do have our own hockey league though . 
  personally the only one i 've watched is nfl ( specifically the superbowl ) but that was one game a few years ago and never since . 
  there 's far too many breaks in play for my tastes . 
  a team that in the eyes of many should n't exist , or should at least be a lot lower down than they are . 
  i know a lot of people still watch it , but the only bit i find fun are a ) graham norton 's commentary and b ) trying to guess the voting . 
  granted a number of our entrants over the last decade have been average at best . 
  very , very easily . 
  local people can often distinguish accentes from towns and villages that are a very small distance apart , but even on a larger scale it is often easy to tell when someone 's from the north-east , west country etc. 
  internationally it 's even easier , although i would agree that canadians sound a lot like those from the us - maybe a subtle difference , but it is subtle . 
  hard to choose , but if i had to pick one , fawlty towers . 
  one of the funniest comedies i 've ever seen and ( importantly , as a differentiator against the other comedies i can think of ) one of the most * consistently * funny comedies i 've ever seen . 
  not allowed before 9pm . 
  after 9pm it 's completely fine . 
  oh , he was in a few things - most notable that i can think of is playing mr ollivander in harry potter , although i 'm sure he did something even more famous than that !, 
  do n't know his reputation worldwide but he was regarded as a very distinguished actor here , do n't you worry about that  no condescension noticed or taken , 
  i mean , i 'm from the uk , i 'm a space nerd ... 
  i 've seen doctor who !, 
  :p do n't know whether david tennant was my favourite of the new doctors , favourite catchphrase certainly but for best doctor ... either him or christopher ecclestone . 
  both were amazing . 
  take it you 're a fan as well then ? 
  i 've no idea how to do phonetic spelling , so the best i can do is this : pie-ek-halay !, 
  although there is a small difference in the transition from ek to halay that i ca n't describe , [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqmz-emcg-m ) a clip from a documentary about yuri gaggarin . 
  the actor says the phrase at just after 3 minutes ( he extends the ` pie ' ) . 
  which i believe is russian for ` let 's go ! ', 
  i 've recently been in the habit of saying it whenever i leave the house , replacing ` once more unto the breach ' . 
  but then i am a bit of a soviet space programme nerd . 
  agreed , this needs to be seen by the mods . 
  was n't that the libya flag under gadaffi ? 
  do n't know about european , but my favourite non-european flag is kiribati . 
  the waves , the bird , the golden sun ... 
  i like the colour combination on kazakhstan 's flag , and the san marino flag looks quite nice as well . 
  good point . 
  - talks about the supposed ` myth ' about europe . 
  - proceeds to give new zealand as an example . 
  i do n't know about the second case , but as far as i 'm aware the first case would have happened regardless of the referendum . 
  not that i necessarily agree with the rules ( i think an exception should have been made here ) but those are the rules . 
  i do n't know about others , but i certainly have n't heard anybody mention it ( other than billy connolly doing route 66 ) . 
  i 've heard a couple of people mention specific places but that 's it .
