  favourite british show is probably robot wars . 
  i think british representations in the media are mainly stereotypes , and ones that largely do n't exist anymore . 
  unfortunately this leads to some people believing those stereotypes , which can be a little grating . 
  i like our current gun laws . 
  that being said , i 've only shot a gun once - as part of an activity day with the cub scouts - and i would not be unhappy if i never shot one again . 
  not that i did n't enjoy the experience , but i would n't feel regret for not touching a gun again . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , guns are designed for killing , and i hope i 'm never in that position . 
  i 'm just going on the numbers from the last election - personally i 'd be surprised if ukip continue gaining votes now that we 're actually leaving the eu . 
  i 'm personally hoping for a bit of a labour revival , i do n't necessarily support them but every democracy needs a strong opposition . 
  going on the numbers from the election , lots of people do n't like the conservatives and lots of people do n't like labour . 
  as many people voted for the snp in scotland as those who did n't . 
  even ukip got some votes in scotland . 
  a map published by the telegraph in 2015 shows that most of england is unlikely to vote ukip , and those areas that are likely to vote ukip tend to be either on the east coast , near the border with scotland , or in the south-west ; ukip only got 1 seat in the last election - clacton , on the east coast . 
   scotland and england are on different ends of the political spectrum not all of scotland vote left , not all of england votes right ( in fact , a significant minority do n't ) . 
  it 's not as night-and-day as that . 
  the right have a higher support in certain areas of scotland than others , i 'm sure , whilst the opposite is definitely true of certain areas in england . 
  the snp are the third-largest party in the house of commons ; that 's good going for a party that only competes for seats in a very select number of constituencies . 
  in the last election , the snp got 4.7 % of the votes , leading to 8.6 % of the seats . 
  the conservatives got 36.8 % of the votes , for 50.8 % of the seats - so a lot of people will feel under-represented ; in scotland , yes , but also elsewhere . 
  i 've lived on both sides of the traditional left/right divide - i come from an area that 's a very safe conservative seat , but go to university in a labour area . 
  i 've heard views from people across the political spectrum , and i do n't particularly like the tories either . 
  i probably wo n't be voting for them in the next election , and have n't done so previously . 
  my point is that a lot of people across the country do n't feel represented by theresa may and the conservative government . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people in the north of england ( where i currently am ) would love the level of devolution that scotland has , but because we 're still in england , there 's no chance of that ( i 'm not commenting on whether scotland has enough devolution , but they have more than many areas of england ) . 
  it 's a problem that extends everywhere and is n't helped by our voting system . 
  i would be surprised if the conservatives keep as much of a lead as they have now in the next election . 
  over 18 million voters did not vote conservative in the last election , and from what i can tell , their popularity is decreasing . 
  as for brexit , almost half of those in england voted to remain ; whilst that 's a minority , it 's an extremely significant minority . 
  inicidentally , the welsh also narrowly voted leave , so a significant minority there will also feel under-represented , and according to the stats i 'm looking at 38 % of scots voted to leave , so no doubt most of them would be disappointed if the uk had voted remain . 
  i also do n't understand why i 've been downvoted ( whoever it was ) - as per the guidelines of this sub , disagreeing is n't a reason for downvoting . 
  if i 'd said something that is n't appropriate or relevant , fine , but i did n't . 
  i hope scotland stays . 
  i like scotland and i have relatives there , and we have a lot of history together . 
  additionally , many scots voted to leave the eu , and many english people voted to remain , so i do n't believe that england is dragging scotland out of the eu ( a sentiment i 've seen from some ) . 
  it 's clear we 're divided as a nation , and i believe further division is unhelpful , particularly at such a sensitive time in the uk 's history . 
  it 's not just scotland that feels disillusioned with westminster ; you 'll find people from all over the country who feel the same way . 
  the union flag would look weird without the saltire as well . 
  of the two , democrat . 
  i 'd vote for our monster raving loony party before i 'd ever vote republican ( my experience of the republican party is a combination of george w bush and donald trump , who are 2 of my least favourite politicians - and in the case of trump , people - in the world ) . 
  london is all of the things in your question though . 
  much as i loathe the fact , london is the political centre , economic centre , ( arguably ) technological centre ( although that 's a bit fuzzier ) ; london has the largest population , is the capital and is where our government is seated ( as well as having the most famous residence of our monarch ) , so it has the largest influence - it tends to be more left than a lot of the country too , certainly than the more rural areas . 
  it 's large enough that it practically counts as a region on it 's own . 
  i 'd rather those centres be more spread out , but that 's how it is . 
  madness , absolute madness ... 
   bra7 :1 obviously sadly i only caught the second half , but i loved that you thrashed brazil as i was n't impressed with the blatant cheating by the team or the booing of national anthems by the fans . 
  great that klose got the record as well, 
  north vs south , everyone vs london , liverpool and manchester have a rivalry as well , i think it originated from football but the football rivalry could have stemmed from the city rivalry , so i do n't know which came first . 
  football rivalries can run quite deep . 
  no , i do n't think they do , generally . 
  i think they have a similar mix of thoughts to most people - some think they are superior , most do n't . 
  in my case the us being formerly european makes no difference - not only was that centuries ago ( way before i was around ) but i feel as connected to japan as i do to the us - that is , not overly connected but still aware of them . 
  and yes , japan might be on the other side of the earth , but between us and the us is a great big ocean , so the us feels a long way away as well . 
  admittedly i 'm going purely off his performance at the euros , as i have n't seen him play for a club ( i know he used to play for hamilton , and i believe he plays for norwich now - that might be wrong - but i do n't follow the spl , and the only club i follow in the championship is pne ) . 
  the only one i 'd be iffy on is hart , if we have to go with english keepers i 'd be tempted to put butland or heaton in , maybe have pickford as the third . 
  i 'd take the welsh wizard ( joe allen ) too , and possibly michael mcgovern in goal . 
  and it 's not the central african republic so it 'll still have a low score, 
  never knew that , cheers , 
  which is the second new zealand team ? 
  in my experience , i 've been able to get appointments with a gp reasonably quickly . 
  as far as i 'm aware , waiting times in hospitals are n't too bad but have been getting longer in recent years due to budget cuts ( although that is just what i think i 've seen on the news - i might be wrong ) . 
  we do have some private care available , but going fully private would be political suicide and opposed by the vast majority of the population . 
  one reason why people do n't like the tories is because the nhs has had cuts . 
  i like my country , but there 's not many things that make me feel properly proud of britain - one of those is the nhs . 
  looking at the american system , it seems you have better care for those that can afford it , but most ca n't and spend far more per person on care that 's at least no better if not worse than that in europe . 
  frankly it seems absurd that that should be the case , but even more absurd that so much of the population would actually * support * such a system . 
  collectivism , easy . 
  working together has brought humanity to where it is now , and working together is the key , even today . 
  plus it means that those who ca n't otherwise afford food , healthcare , or other necessities , can still have those things . 
  right now they 're looking at gorbachev and fall of the ussr . 
  not going to lie , i 'm kind of jealous . 
  that sounds like a really interesting topic . 
  a little about 9/11 , but as a module , probably the war in vietnam . 
  last studied history in 2011 . 
  none of the teams in the uk are among the world 's best , and have n't been for a while to be honest, 
  it seems like they 're basically the west brom of a few years ago , too good for the lower level but not good enough for the higher level . 
  think it 'll be a while before we call them the ` boing boing baggies ' though . 
  they do have a tournament , but the issue is that in the last 10 or so years , georgia have failed to win it once , so are obviously a little too good for that level . 
  additionally , it appears there is a promotion/relegation system at that level , it just does n't extend up to the 6 nations . 
  that 's entirely fair , i 'd agree with that . 
  from the people i know who voted leave , i 'd argue pride played a part in the brexit vote . 
  it is difficult and heavy , but i suspect that 's the same for most physics/maths courses . 
  decent in athletics , great at rugby , pretty good at cricket . 
  my favourite , though , is that for some reason we 're randomly really good at the women 's skeleton bob in the winter olympics . 
  no idea why . 
  never heard of it , so i 'd imagine not in the uk . 
  that 's kind of a difficult question to be honest . 
  i do enjoy it , and it has been a lifelong passion of mine , but for much of the last year i 've been getting the usual third-year-university-student blues . 
  i like the subject , i like where i live , i like the people i talk to , but i 'm no longer massively enjoying the course - not necessarily because of the subject , but because of the assessments , the deadlines , and the constant feeling of being worn out . 
  take 2 days off to recover and you 're already behind on work . 
  going home for the weekend is a huge decision to make because of the amount of work i need to do . 
  fortunately i only have a few months left on my course . 
  as for the field , i 'm not sure if it 's exactly booming , but it 's ticking along nicely - the recent discovery of those 7 exoplanets is a good example . 
  whether i 'll end up doing that kind of thing i do n't know - my strength lies in presentations , talking to the public , that sort of thing , so ideally i 'd like to be involved in some kind of public-facing role , or alternatively science journalism . 
  currently in my third year of a bsc in astrophysics . 
  or do n't bring me down, 
  my understanding of the question was that if my nation was entering some kind of battle , and wanted something to fire us up , those are the songs i personally would go with . 
  maybe i misunderstood the question - it was late at night , and i was incredibly tired . 
  in that case , if it was just a competition ( like an international version of eurovision ) then i 'd go with queen probably , or the elo . 
  my personal list would include elbow as well , and ( much as they would n't be my personal choice - i like them , but not that much ) coldplay , as i believe they 've done reasonably well internationally . 
  out of your list , i 'd agree with queen and the beatles , but i 'm not a massive fan of the others .
