  he 's articulate , he prefers talking to fighting ( but is a very good fighter when he needs to be ) . 
  he is incredibly emotionally stable . 
  in many ways he 's the perfect movie villain , because he makes you enjoy his scenes as much as ( or more than ) those with the ` good guys ' . 
  plus it was hilarious considering the only other thing i 've seen him in is kinky boots . 
  in terms of government , i dislike the us . 
  i 'm not keen on your foreign policy ( bear in mind that i 've grown up whilst iraq and afghanistan were going on , and the first president i remember is bush ) . 
  obviously i intensly dislike the current administration , although there is one thing trump said that i 'm happy about - that he does n't want to come to britain whilst there might be protests . 
  good - he wo n't be coming here at all then . 
  there 's very few people in the world that i do n't want in britain , but he 's one of them . 
  i do n't hate people from the us as a whole , but some individuals ( the steretypical america # 1 , all other countries suck , muh freedoms , we saved you in both world wars you eurocucks type of people that you find online occasionally ) do annoy me . 
  there are a number of things about american culture that i do n't really understand , and do n't like , and there are other things that i do understand ( but still do n't like ) . 
  guns is a big one in the second category . 
  i can understand why people have them , but i do n't understand why they 're held in such reverence or why the second * amendment * ca n't be changed at all , considering it 's , you know , an amendment already . 
  laws change all the time to better fit the modern age - why not this one ? 
  i 'll be honest , unlike many people here ( i think ) the us is not somewhere i 'm overly fussed about visiting at any point , apart from possibly the kennedy space centre and possibly seattle ( frasier 's my favourite tv comedy ) . 
  not the whole of america though - i would n't mind visiting canada one day , as it seems quite nice and the climate 's much more similar to ours , at least in the southern parts . 
  essentially , i dislike the us government on the whole ( even obama was n't perfect - for example i feel he should n't have said the things he said during the brexit debate . 
  although he 's free to give an opinion , threatening to put us at the back of the queue if we left was too far for me - which is a shame , as i quite like obama ) . 
  i do not dislike the people in general , although some annoy me and i do n't agree with many parts of the culture . 
  either preston ( where i went to university , so it feels like home in many ways . 
  it needs funding but it 's got a great heart ) or geneva . 
  i 've been to geneva twice and loved it both times , it 's an absolutely gorgeous city . 
  the old town 's one of my favourite places that i 've been , it 's so peaceful !, 
  yep . 
  personally i see more of myself in cato , but they 're both great characters !, 
  i 'm currently reading what i think is the latest one , invictus . 
  the others i read a while ago , as i discovered the second one and liked it so much that i bought and read the rest of them within about 3 months !, 
  i 'm reading simon scarrow 's eagles of the empire series , it 's very good . 
   pampering a region on the backs of other regions ? 
  in fairness that 's been done in favour of london for decades . 
  nope . 
  tried watching the superbowl once , got bored within about 10 minutes ( way too many stoppages for me - 5 minutes of action , followed by 5 minutes of analysis of that action , followed by 5 minutes of adverts . 
  repeat for 3-4 hours ) . 
  i could tell you the names of a few teams though . 
  i know nothing about college football . 
  never seen a game , do n't know any of the teams or players . 
  ca n't say i 've heard of it - if it 's a / r/unitedkingdom thing , i do n't browse there . 
  pineapples and the banning thereof . 
  in many ways i got my degree in spite of the university , not because of it . 
  they already take loads of money from us and we 've no idea where it goes . 
  some of the teaching 's excellent but some of it 's appalling . 
  i honestly felt more connected with my society and with the staff who organised the course than i did with the uni . 
  two things : 1 . 
  being pragmatic does n't make someone spineless . 
  it makes them sensible . 
  no offence , but presuming you have n't visited europe ( and from what you say you do n't live here either ) how would you know what a ` true european ' is ? 
  is there even such a thing ? 
  lancashire , but then i have spent most of the last four years there . 
  it 's somewhere i want to visit more often , work if i can get a job there . 
  unfortunately i do n't live that near it at the moment , but i hope to in the future . 
  nothing wrong with manchester , it 's a brilliant city . 
  there 's much more to the uk than london and edinburgh . 
  but not all . 
  i know a number of people that like her being the prime minister . 
  i 'd personally be surprised if she stays though , given she 's lost their majority . 
  not too happy . 
  i do n't mind if people do n't speak perfect english , it 's a hard language to learn and it 's a pain even for natives . 
  but if you 're going to live ( or even visit ) somewhere then you should at least make an effort to learn the basics for day-to-day conversation . 
  as with everything in politics , for ` we 'll ' read ` some of us will be ', 
  yes - in my personal experience there 's a few from elsewhere in europe , and a lot from china . 
  there was a guy i knew studying physics who was from china and already had at least a degree in maths . 
  he was a bit odd but i 've never known anyone as intelligent who was n't teaching us . 
  no thanks , i like the royals . 
  i trust the queen as haed of state far more than any politician , and to be honest i feel she 's done more for the uk than any politician as well . 
  i 'm also a fan of will , kate and particularly harry as ` modern ' royals ( not sure about charles , he seems alright but there 's just something about him ... ), 
  same . 
  i do n't pay much attention to the charts as it mostly sounds the same to me . 
  perhaps i 've just turned into a grumpy old man really early . 
  graduations from school , particularly from primary school and nursery . 
  i get it , you want to give your child a nice day , but at that age a ) they wo n't remember it and b ) they have n't actually achieved anything . 
  to be honest i feel it takes away from those graduating with a degree - that is a symbol of nearly 20 years of hard work , your entry into the adult world etc. 
  it 's not just an excuse to wear a funny hat and have a party . 
  i agree with you , apart from the corruption . 
  of all the politicians i can think of there 's probably no more than 2 or 3 that i actually like and that actually give the impression of caring about the country . 
  i love it . 
  bit of sun but not too much , bit of rain but not too much - and i like the rain !, 
  breezy in places , less so in others . 
  it 's great . 
  it 's only at the moment that i 'm not enjoying it , because it 's both incredibly hot and incredibly humid , for this country at least . 
  i do n't like hot weather anyway , but when it 's humid it 's just awful ... 
  basically none , although i do like being able to go to europe without visas etc. 
  that i will miss . 
  well yes , of course . 
  it was a terrible thing to do and it resulted in somebody 's death . 
  why would n't someone condemn it ( admittedly i 'm not completely clean-shaven , but that 's irrelevant in the circumstances ) ? 
  honestly , not at all . 
  i was at the manchester arena the day before the attack , so that was a bit of a shock ( having had such a nice time there ) but otherwise it 's had no effect on my life whatsoever , thankfully . 
  obviously it 's sad that the same ca n't be said for everybody , but i doubt many people have been affected by it that much - just those who live , work and regularly visit the places where the attacks happened , and obviously those who were caught up in the attacks . 
  probably canada . 
  on some things , yes . 
  to be honest if you want a true picture of how british people are head over to / r/casualuk, 
  every time i hear someone talk about * when * they 're going to buy a house , or * when * they 're going to retire , i snigger . 
  that 's my thoughts on the future . 
  the netherlands . 
  been there twice , beautiful country . 
  a lot of infrastructure in africa is funded ( and occasionally run ) by the chinese . 
  some projects in the uk are also part-funded by the chinese . 
  for example , the new railway in kenya linking nairobi and mombasa was funded with loans from china to be paid back ( if all goes to plan ) over the next few years . 
  neither of you are necessarily right , neither necessarily wrong . 
  have you ever heard lucas speak with a scouse accent ?
