  at this point he sounds like he 's actually from liverpool , which of course endears him to the fans even more . 
  mine 's pretty boring . 
  i was once playing online monopoly , and needed a username . 
  i typed in some random letters and it actually made sense , so i stuck with it . 
  my flair 's the nationality i see myself as - first and foremost british , then english , then ( a fair way behind the first 2 ) european . 
  so i went with the union flag . 
  over the weekend it was basically 25 minutes of election news , then 5 minutes of ` hey !, 
  we actually won a football tournament ! ', 
  just the milk in my cereal - unless i 'm having a cooked breakfast , in which case i 'll have a glass of orange juice . 
  alaska , hawaii ( nice union flag ) , maryland and arizona . 
  the rest of them look a little dull to me . 
  apparently luol deng plays in the nba , although i could n't tell you anything about him , and i suspect most people have never heard of him . 
  you and half the males in this country !, 
  shame she supports united though . 
  i guess nobody 's perfect . 
  i 'd like to add arm ( uk ) to that list - they make billions of microchips for smartphones , computers etc. 
   because they do less fancy , less consumer oriented stuff . 
  agreed . 
  example : arm , based in cambridge , make most of the world 's microchips ( 15 billion were shipped last year ) . 
  but you do n't hear about them because they do n't make a product that the man on the street will buy . 
  elbow 's [ k2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0w4zc9x19y ) is a more recent song about brexit , and of course a lot of the songs by gorillaz are political in nature - much of their latest album , humanz , is about ( or was inspired by ) trump 's election . 
  similar here . 
  i 've lived in 2 places where gypsies have lived nearby at some point . 
  in one , they 've caused damage to university buildings ( e.g smashing windows ) and apparently been threatening to the local population . 
  in the other , they moved into a very nice nature area and left it in such a state that it took years and a lot of effort to recover it . 
  this is n't even that uncommon a story . 
  as with most things , i 'll go with bohemian rhapsody for this, 
  i know i have , but that was at the fe testing so it 's kind of expected to be honest . 
  never to my knowledge seen one ` in the wild ' , as it were . 
   that way , they are still part of the family , but now fragmented and not as strong a voice inside the eu as the uk was , so we can finally get on with a federal europe , with the ( former ) uk included as it should be , but no longer able to frustrate further integration . 
  even with a fragmented uk there 's very little chance of this happening . 
  from what i can tell there 's not much support for a federal eu at all here - it 's rarely talked about , and when it is , it 's in a negative tone . 
  the idea of federalisation is one of the things that added to the leave vote in the first place . 
  profitable for both sides , if possible . 
  arrgh , what about mad cap'n tom , me hearties ? 
  czech republic sounds better to me . 
  well-timed question . 
  as it is now , i 'm not happy , because a hung parliament is bad for us right now . 
  it 's also full of people with a history of ( to me ) not appearing to care about the people they 're meant to be representing . 
  i 'm not keen on politics . 
  looking for a job , learning to drive , that sort of thing . 
  longer term i 'd like to move back to the north-west ( i went to uni in preston ) , the dream is to live in one of the lovely apartments by the marina in preston , 
  cheers , 
  not great . 
  absolutely delighted that ukip lost a lot of support ( as i expected and hoped ) but a hung parliament is a terrible result . 
  think the conservatives underestimated the strength of feeling from labour supporters and those demographics that are traditionally left . 
  my dad says that the conservatives ran a bad campaign as well ( i 've been sick of politics for a few years so been trying to avoid it , just looked at the main pledges on the net ) , so yeah . 
  my area 's staunchly conservative , has been for ages and even moreso now . 
  the party i supported gained a few seats so that 's good , but like i say , a hung parliament 's really bad . 
  i did get very fed up with my friends on facebook pushing ` labour good , tory bad ' and ` corbyn = saint , may = devil ' though . 
  i agree with both may and corbyn in areas but i do n't think it 's right for people to demonise anyone who does n't vote labour , which is what has happened over the past few weeks . 
  personally i did n't vote labour so i 'd rather the tories got a majority than a hung parliament , but i 'd also rather a labour majority than a hung parliament even though i disagree with them on a number of issues . 
  on a personal note it 's been a wonderful morning , as i 've graduated with a 2:1 in astrophysics , so that 's helped to offset it somewhat . 
  so basically , personally had a great night but nationally not so much . 
  still , it was my first time voting so i 'm glad i 've done that . 
   also , dc  marvel . 
  not just me then , 
   looks like we are shifting the discussion towards how horrible he is with his own people , which is true . 
  and away from how aggressive he is with other nations , which , compared to what other countries do , is not really true . 
  my original point included his treatment of his people . 
  that is why i continue mentioning it - it is an important part of my original argument . 
   as far as i can see , there is a scandal in the uk right now for [ corbyn ] refusing to do kind of that . 
  it 's not exactly a scandal . 
  many people agree with the idea of scrapping trident . 
   anyway , it is always rich to hear from nuclear powers how others should not become nuclear powers because those would not handle it responsibly , when so far only one country has ever used nuclear weapons at all , and they used it as first strike . 
  not to mention all the nuclear fallout they brought on regions of serbia in the 90s . 
  this is not what i am saying , or at least not what i mean . 
  i think nuclear weapons are a bad idea , and i wish that nobody had them . 
  i fully understand why countries do n't get rid of them . 
  the only country i see that is currently overtly threatening others with their use is north korea . 
   occupying other countries killing off millions of the population and robbing the land of their resources , i am not talking about the past . 
  what many nations did in the past was horrific , but i am talking about the present . 
   or , if you 're so concerned about the welfare of north korean citizens , go and take over the country . 
  i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and not take this as criticism of me caring about people in another country ( even though it does come across that way ) . 
  if it was that easy for kim to be deposed it would have happened already . 
  frankly , if i had the power to depose him without repercussions i would get off my computer right now and go . 
  i would love to be able to give money , food , other resources to those starving in the countryside . 
  i would really like to be able to free those held in terrible conditions for ridiculous reasons . 
  i would like to rid them of the conditions that have plagued them for a generation . 
  but i do n't have that power . 
  in reality i am just one person in a country on the other side of the world who has no political power outside of voting and has nowhere near the resources to help people on a vast scale . 
  there are many things i would love to do given the power and resources to do them , but i do n't have those resources and almost certainly never will . 
  like plague inc but with empires . 
  i like my country and it 's my home . 
  it has issues but what country does n't ? 
  i certainly would n't leave because of terrorism , and that 's from a position of having been at the manchester arena the day before the bombing . 
  it has n't put me off at all ; in fact , my dream is to be able to live and work in lancashire , and be able to go into manchester on a semi-regular basis . 
  these terror attacks are not constant . 
  in the uk , we have had 3 in 3 months , which is an increase in frequency certainly , but it is not constant . 
  hard as it may be to believe , the lives of the vast majority of people have not been affected . 
  we go about our business as normal . 
  as for the others , i can think of 3 or 4 attacks in total . 
  so it 's not exactly constant there either . 
  beautiful city . 
  perfectly legal . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to find a high street here without a betting shop nearby . 
  some have more than one . 
  the netherlands . 
  like britain but better in almost every way . 
  i 'm honestly not sure about that .
