  i agree that some of what western nations do , particularly abroad , is questionable . 
  but that 's just it - it 's questionable , there are arguments both for and against . 
  what kim jong un does , particularly at home , is not questionable . 
  it is wrong , and there is no denying that . 
  he treats his people horrifically , he runs a brutal dictatorship , he occasionally threatens other nations with the use of nuclear weaponry . 
  anyone neutral with half a mind can see that using nuclear weapons would work out badly for everyone . 
  i see very few redeeming features of kim jong un 's rule ; at least in western nations the people are , to a greater or lesser extent , treated somewhat fairly ; in addition they ( mostly ) have the right to vote the current rulers out of power , should they so wish . 
  yes , many are in poverty , and that is bad - but there is at least an effort to help people on or below the breadline . 
  those sound similar to our own societies , apart from the student corporations ( although we do have student unions which might be similar ) . 
  our societies do n't just cover sports though , there 's societies for a wide range of interests . 
  they 're mostly just like school clubs , but obviously with more independence and ( generally ) more interest . 
  well , there 's the occasional attack on south korean assets , there 's the ` down with america ' attitude whenever the us does any training exercises in the peninsula , there 's the massively ott military parades ( a show of force to the rest of the world ) . 
  his treatment of his people 's the main one of the two though . 
  tough one but of those i know about , i 'd have to say kim jong un . 
  takes it because of his treatment of his own people plus the aggression towards other countries . 
  do societies not exist in germany then ? 
  according to wikipedia ( admittedly shaky ) they do , but i 'm curious to hear from an actual german . 
  they 're really not my sort of thing even if they do n't do anything wrong . 
  a fact that i am glad of . 
  yes , because i agree with science . 
  when the vast majority of experts ( who have spent their entire careers studying such things ) say that it is happening , then i agree that it is happening . 
  i also think it is anthropogenic , as i 've seen the data proving this to be the case . 
  for example , i went to a physics talk a few years ago where the speaker was asked about climate change - he proceeded to display a number of graphs , which pretty much all had a spike around the time of the industrial revolution . 
  that spike has not come down . 
  that 's the thing about science - whether you believe it or not is completely irrelevant . 
  the data shows that it is happening , that it is largely down to human activity , , and that we need to do something about it very soon or suffer from some really quite dire consequences . 
  i never use it , other than as a flair on here . 
  not sure i even own one , as there 's not much point . 
  maybe if i was going to an england game or the olympics , but never otherwise . 
  we just have [ too much democracy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3pke8utsp8 ), 
  rp is sort of neutral ( as it 's not from any specific place ) , but it 's certainly not normal anymore - pretty much nobody speaks it apart from the upper class and royalty . 
  southern accents are generally closer to it than the north ( unless you go to the southwest , which is much closer in accent ot the west country than the rest of the south ) , but northern accents sound better to me - although there may be a bit of bias , as i 've spent much of the last 4 years living there . 
  in short , rp is not a normal accent anymore , and it 's only neutral in the same way that esperanto might be considered a neutral language - it 's not from any particular place . 
  the minute the eu becomes a federation of states is the minute my line is crossed . 
  i have absolutely no issues with european countries working together but i would n't want to be part of a federation . 
  fair enough, 
  do n't forget hs2 !, 
  hs2 , a new high-speed rail link between london and the north , is probably the closest . 
  most people whose opinions i know are against it . 
  the history of the uk between the romans and the tudors . 
  if you asked me about the romans , tudors , ww2 , or a number of other parts of history , i could tell you stuff about them . 
  even the vietnam war . 
  but between the romans and the tudors ? 
  i know pretty much nothing , because it was never taught . 
  richard i , the crusades , pre-crusades , we were never taught about those areas of history . 
  the only real history we went over between the tudors and the romans was the invasion by the normans and the events leading up to that . 
  serenity, 
  all english keepers have to have their own signature mistakes . 
  paul robinson with his air kick , robert green with his slippery hands , i 'm sure joe hart has one as well - i just ca n't remember it . 
   sweden-england i watched that game , and up to that moment i wanted england to win . 
  after that i thought ` yeah , the swedes deserve this one . 
  we 'll let them have this . ', 
  elbow 's probably the only one that fits into this for me . 
  i listen to other stuff , of course , but i always find myself going back to elbow eventually , much more regularly than any other artists . 
  would be really cool to do interstellar travel , but i feel that it would be worth doing a moonbase first . 
  if you 're going to do something , might as well make a good job of it . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  he may well be somebody who believes that , with the strain services such as the nhs are under , the country ca n't really afford to have a larger population than it currently has , or at least ca n't afford to grow more than births will make it grow . 
  in that case he would be against immigration , but not necessarily racist , as he may well be fine with the multitude of people here ( including those from other countries ) but would n't want any more people , including brits who have previously emmigrated , to move here . 
  edit : i 'm merely trying to provide a possible explanation . 
  no need to downvote . 
  if you disagree then feel free to explain why . 
  canada or new zealand , probably . 
  battle of britain 's first thing that comes to mind . 
  south-west of wigston but much closer to wigston than lutterworth . 
  do n't know about the country as a whole ( but i suspect , if pushed , they 'd agree with me ) but i hate it and find it ridiculous , for the same reasons mentioned by others in this thread . 
  / u/fabulousgoat sums it up well . 
  i 'm a student so i kind of live in 2 different areas , so : student home : preston . 
  love it . 
  it 's cheap , it has everything i need , it only takes 20 odd minutes to get anywhere i need to be by foot . 
  great transport links , near to both big cities and rural landscapes . 
  in need of funding but i love living here , and i want to move back here in the furture if i can . 
  full of history too - even the football team ( the stadium area is the longest use for association football in the world ) . 
  home home : just south of leicester . 
  also love it . 
  it 's a lot more awkward to get to places without a car , but it 's so peaceful , and it 's largely rural . 
  been brilliant as an escape from uni , and of course my family live there too . 
  only downside is it 's a long way from the sea . 
  i think will and kate are reasonably popular , and harry 's awesome ( although he 'll probably never be king , but to be honest i do n't think he 's too unhappy about that ) . 
  charles less so but he 's still got some support . 
  i 'd be sad if the monarchy disappeared entirely , but i like that will , kate and harry are very modern royals . 
  it 'll be tragic as and when the queen 's no longer with us , i think she 's brilliant and i 'm largely apathetic towards the royals for most of the time . 
  not for americans specifically . 
  if there was to be an increase in visas given out , i 'd like to see it applied for all countries equally , not just one in particular . 
  in short i do n't believe any country should be given special treatment when it comes to the number of visas being handed out . 
  that of my own country , from the time of richard the third backwards . 
  think so , they were certainly discussing it . 
  unfortunately it 's only if a panel of 3 all agree and a penalty was given/opposition player was sent off , and the ban 's quite short , but it 's a start . 
  about time too . 
  hopefully the new retrospective action against diving will be a step towards reducing that . 
  not really . 
  too many breaks in play and too much focus on the show rather than the game ( although that second point comes with the caveat that it 's based off the superbowl , which i imagine has more of a show than the standard game ) . 
  watched the superbowl a few years back and got bored after about 10 minutes . 
  have n't had the time recently unfortunately . 
  been doing my degree so obviously that 's been the main priority . 
  all being well i should be done now so maybe i 'll have time soon . 
  i like the idea of it , fancied learning it at one point . 
  i do n't wear trackies out , but i have worn them indoors fairly recently . 
  have n't worn joggers for a few months ( again only indoors ) and i 've never been a shorts person . 
  ww2 mainly , i got reasonably lucky a couple of years ago as i found a stall selling a ww2 raf greatcoat for about # 30 , in just the right size for me ( i 'm a little below average height and very skinny , so it 's hard to find things like that in a good size ) .
