  spain and south italy . 
  kinda like moving 50 kilometers , no big of a culture shock either way . 
  damn it now i 'm freaking out , i do n't know how i write it anymore . 
  i usually do it the dutch way , but i also use a modified version of the german way , starting from the middle and not from the top . 
  damn it , it looked like the opposition this year had good chances ... 
  exactly and there was a civil war going on . 
  even the government before that was n't that `` legitimate '' btw . 
  exactly , maybe they are just trying to put pressure on other nations , maybe they are ready to justify some kind of move in ukraine , maybe it just does n't mean anything . 
  who knows with russia , their diplomats are hawks . 
  saying that the soviets were helping the legitimate government in afghanistan is a bit of a stretch in the clusterfuck that was the afghanistan in the 70s . 
  thank you , just read your comment there . 
  that is n't good , can mean many things . 
  syria or `` abroad '' ? 
  it 's a very important distinction . 
  because in italy it 's required by the law . 
  it 's their speciality , a lot of flavours and everyone of them is great . 
  pizza in restaurant in rome in the center it 's a ripoff . 
  it 's called `` pizza al taglio '' that means by the cut and it a bit different because usally it stays on display so the dough it 's not the same as the normal pizza . 
  your mother was right , it 's the quickest pizza you can get in italy and in rome is fantastic . 
  yes . 
  as usual we have to teach you people everything about food . 
  romans makes the best sliced rectangular pizza ( no idea of the name ) . 
  naples makes the pizza , but some do n't like it . 
  i like the pizza they make in my city in calabria , it is basically the same as the one in naples but with a smaller border . 
  years of italian immigration had to do something . 
  of course most places do n't cook the classic italian pizza ( actually pizza change around italy too ) , but it is still pizza , just a different version . 
  the problem is that there are some horrible pizzas and those are the one that `` make the news '' . 
  but still , in my opinion , when we take out the italian places , the americans make the best pizza after italy . 
  not that i have visited every country in the world so i can be wrong , but they are surely up there . 
  apart from them i can only think about egyptians and moroccans who make good pizza because many worked here , but i do n't know if they brought `` the art '' back to their nations . 
  c'mon man , we are just joking ... ^ we ^ are ^ not, 
  as horrible that is , i have to say that 's not the worst thing i saw , if it was n't for the ketchup it would have been , maybe , a good focaccia . 
  the worst thing i saw was a spanish friend who cooked penne and put them in a plate while in another bowl he had some kind of tomato sauce , i think cold or at least not made in a pan . 
  he proceeded to eat the pasta dipping in the sauce before every bite . 
  i was shattered , in that moment i just hoped he was french . 
  it was to much coming from a brother . 
  in the south , generally , if you eat it with fork and knife and you are not old we start to make jokes , because we kinda think you are pulling a [ george costanza ] ( http://m.imgur.com/h802hf1?r ) . 
  not that people know him here , but still . 
  stupid i know , but that 's the way it is and god knows we like to annoy people when talking about food . 
  actually ny pizza is quite good , probably the best pizza i had outside italy . 
  i live at the end of italy , the last earthquake razed the city and killed 1/3 of the population in 1908 , various earthquake did the same during history . 
  i 'm scared shitless of the possibility to experience something that strong . 
  to be honest in italy we do n't really see it as a religious holiday and i would say many do n't even know it is linked to religion . 
  we call it `` ferragosto '' and we usually do trips outside town with huge bbqs and lunch/dinner . 
  it 's because it was important during fascism with party sponsored trips for the families , food was n't included so people brought their own . 
  i believe the single market is a good idea , we export a lot even with the small enterprises so it is surely a plus , but these stuff on local ground ? 
  better implement it slowly i think . 
  i agree with your last statement , unfortunately news like this will be used by anti-eu parties to push their agenda , this is also why i think the eu should be more practical and cynical and put some things that could be harmful on holds waiting for better times . 
  i do n't know about the compensation because the italian government gave the extension to the holders , the decision was later struck by the european court and i do n't think holders should be penalized for it . 
  i understand what you are saying about giving up the single market but i really do n't think this is the right moment to act on that front , maybe it 's because i live in south italy and the situation here is already shitty , but i do n't know how good that would be on the short run . 
  that is why i believe an extension would be good , of course it needs to be a final extension so we do n't find each other talking about this again in 4 years . 
  opening up the beaches in southern italy it 's a problem for small business for two reasons i think , first they do n't have the same negotiating force as multinational companies and second they would be hit hardest by the mafia problem . 
  cheers , lately it 's pretty hard to have a reasonable conversation on reddit !, 
  i 'm not an expert on what we are talking about and i 'll tell you what i think would be good in my opinion but maybe i 'll just say some bullshit . 
  my first post was just some worried thought about what could happen to the ue and to italian micro enterprises . 
  first of all i would have concede the extension to 2020 just to let this bad period pass and give more time to the current holders to get ready . 
  i do n't know if there is already a system like this , but i would open the beach concession market as they want to do , but dividing the beaches , so letting pmes compete with pmes and big companies with big companies ( i do n't know if the split should be 50/50 or not ) . 
  also i do n't know if the current holders should get some kind of compensation of advantage , because the investment they made was also made on the basis that italian laws allowed the automatic extension . 
  apart from that , maybe ot , but there is a huge number of beaches in south italy that are just abandoned and without investment because of mafia , lack of infrastructure etc. 
  i would try to push international investors to those beaches with large concessions , tax breakes and incentive for hiring young people and a people for that territory . 
  the fact that it did n't work for the uk does n't mean it 's not gon na work for italy as well , the economies and the social situation are completely different . 
  sure , maybe knockle it down will work fine in the end , but maybe right now it 's not the perfect moment to do so . 
  doing so right now , with all the flak the eu is taking , will just push the anti european sentiment . 
  if the eu wants to survive these troubled years it will have to play his cards right , maybe being more realistic and living less on ideals . 
  i 'm generally in favor of competition and free market but things should be put into context and the eu should analyze the socioeconomic texture of every country because , for example , poland or france do n't have the same situation as italy or viceversa . 
  while i know that my countrymen hates all type of competition , i can kinda understand them this time , these people are not scared of some guy from ireland moving down to start his own little business in italy , they are scared about large multinational companies against which they ca n't just compete . 
  the majority of enterprises in italy are micro ( i think the number is more than 90 % and they employ half the population ) and letting them compete against large foreign companies in a period of economic crisis with high national taxes pressure and high rate of unemployment , i think it 's just suicide . 
  i think the situation should be mediated better , not letting them compete against each other simply because there is no game . 
  kinda . 
  following the declarative theory you need a territory , a permanent population , a government and the capacity to enter in relations with other states . 
  the last part is important , because you do n't need to have relations with other states , just the capacity to do so . 
  of course this is just theory , in practice it 's a lot harder to do so . 
  i 'm sorry you got downvoted because you are right . 
  there are 2 theorys about the sovereignity of a state , everybody here is talking about the constitutive theory but the declarative theory also exists and does n't require international recognition . 
  i had to write an essay and give a presentation exactly on this issue regarding isis . 
  [ lol i remember you saying the same lie a couple of weeks ago in another sub , i asked for a source and you did n't provide it simply because it 's just russian propaganda and you do n't have one . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/4i3ptk/can_we_discuss_this_article_from_98_about_russia/d2v0z0r?context=3 ), 
  yeah , also i have friends who went to study in romania and learned te language easily . 
  i do n't think so , my teeth are quite good . 
  nah , we are pretty happy at the end , a lot of potatoes so our belly is full . 
  also you guys should fix your flag , it 's faded . 
  dude , title of the thread . 
  i know man , i 'm just joking . 
  everything was going fine and you guys had to get drunk and ruin the party !, 
  people usually get angry with shitty imitations . 
  i 'm from south italy and i have to say that the romanians i met are usually the one who integrates better with the southern italians , also most are really hard workers . 
  unfortunately the confusion with the gypsies paired with some not integrated romanians in europe it 's not helping them . 
  agree with their own imprisonment ? 
  i know , but it 's not as fun with the italians . 
  that 's it , imprison the gypsies . 
  that is perfectly 5 words . 
  red wine with fish ... 
  i actually like to provoke spaniards like that , i 'm sure one day someone will smack me in the face . 
  do n't even think about it , you heathen . 
  i love when they do that . 
  i 'm from the south as well and they always ask , so i started to go with the flow , bullshitting them and all . 
  more the one time people got really scared lol . 
  idealista should also be the main website in portugal and it is one the main one in italy with immobiliare.it ( that is a bit more common ), 
  you are probably right . 
  then we just have a standard italian with some different words , expressions and inclination .
