thanks for the explanation , i need to read more about it . 
  well supporting russia sometimes means going against the us , and god knows how much the left wing love going against the states , at least in italy . 
  btw , did n't a referendum in spain show support for nato membership ? 
  i understand you are trying to explain their pov but you are just backing up what op said , that russia does n't see baltic countries as independent sovereign states . 
  and especially relations with estonia after 1991 do n't seems too friendly to me . 
  the real point is , baltic countries see russia as a threat to their security , and that 's all russian fault , not nato . 
  you ca n't blame them if they try to defend themselves . 
  imagine you own a mall , a couple of the shops inside your mall decide to quit and open their shops outside your mall . 
  so using unfair competition you keep bullying them , they do n't accept it anymore and not wanting to keep relations with you they ask to join this the giant supermarket chain that will defend them and treat them better . 
  so maybe , on your next directors meeting you should discuss why your shops choose the competition . 
  i almost cried when o'driscoll retired . 
  we ciao !, 
  yep ... 
  even if in the city it 's not so common , i actually think a big city like rome or milan have more homicides than reggio calabria . 
  it 's just the countryside that it 's totally fucked up , at least they are mostly mafia related and it 's just them dying and not `` good people . '', 
  source : i live there , just at the end of italy . 
  we are no so much dependent on russian gas , yesterday in chat i posted this link that cover the subject pretty well : http://www.eprg.group.cam.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2009/06/binder13.pdf, 
  cheap for sweden , right ? 
  not italy . 
  in italy a pint goes around 4,5 $ , even if there are stupid places that seel them for 6 $ . 
  btw , what is the deal with sweden and alchool ? 
  i 've been to stockholm and the alchool was really expensive . 
  i also dont ' know if they have different standard for coktails or i just went to shitty places , everytime i ordered one in a club i had to ask to make it double just to get an amount close to the one we drink in italy . 
  not a real crime but a bit of `` trivia '' maybe . 
  there was a terrible earthquake in south italy in 1908 and a lot of foreign military ships in the area approached to help . 
  some of them were imperial russian navy ship , they helped a lot as a first response unit , and the russian captain , trying to stop thieves from stealing stuff , set up some quick tribunal and execution system . 
  unfortunately , with the language issue and all , some of the people who got executed were just citizens trying to retrieve stuff from their destroyed houses . 
  [ yep , shit like this happen . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cutyutlew1g ), 
  until it stays alone he does n't have any chances , 25 % is a bit accomplishment but it 's not worth anything if a different faction formed by 3 or 4 parties get the 40 % for example . 
  it 's been decades , probably , that the country is governed by many parties together , a single party ca n't get enough votes to rule . 
  grillo ? 
  if he keeps staying alone he does n't have any chance thank god . 
  point is , i do n't think he wants to win the election , it 's easy to stay on the opposition but it would be a political suicide to governate . 
  his party is a populistic one , so he just does n't care , yesterday immigration was n't a big problem for the people and he did n't care , now it is and he jumped on the wagon . 
  at the same time he needs to give something to the right wing and to the left wing of his party . 
  for example , he voted to abolish the crime of illegal immigration some time ago , but now he is yelling against the immigration . 
  it 's just a populistic clown with a shady buddy behind him . 
  silvio was pure shit , but it was probably 10 times better than this clown . 
  it just show you how bad we have it here . 
  [ one day d'annunzio will rise from the dead and the legione fiumana will give fiume back to the kingdom of italy , one day !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bltlr8i2a98 ), 
  yes you are right , i actually counted those populist parties because many neo fascist switched to vote for them . 
  you are also right on the second sentence , they are surfing that wave and that wave come from the financial crisis , when there are no jobs and people have financial problems , many start blaming the `` others '' . 
  such a shame . 
  we always had a little neofascist movement since the birth of the republic , unfortunately it is getting bigger because of the financial and immigration crisis . 
  i 'm sure it will lose strenght once , and if , the crisis ends . 
  same for berlusconi [ # 1 ] ( http://www.giornalettismo.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/sedia.jpg ) [ # 2 ] ( http://www.spettegola.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/berlusconi-tacchi-500x582.jpg ), 
  i do n't know , i 'm just a student without much credit , i 'll let the international association of genocide scholars talk , they probably know a lot more than me : http://www.atour.com/~aahgn/news/20080311a.html, 
  instead of complaing about reddit , you should look up the definition of genocide and stop acting like this is some sort of football match and you are rooting for a team . 
  thank you , good luck with that !, 
  for russian language are you following a `` real '' or an online course ? 
  i ask because i want to learn russian too . 
  well i 'm kinda like you , i prefer the cold , but something like the snow in the city would be completely new for me !, 
  thank you i really appreciated !, 
  i 'm gon na contact you if i have more questions , thank you again !, 
  nope mate , i 'm italian , north european languages are almost impossible for me . 
  :p even a shitty job in a kitchen would do it for me if it give me the possibility to study . 
  yes , that is really perfect !, 
  the only requirement for me would be to work at least 12hrs a week , it would n't be hard to find a job in a pub/restaurant i guess !, 
  thank you !, 
  meh , i ate in milan a couple of times , the food is n't that tasty there . 
  * * i do n't really think what i just said , but i 'm from south italy , i 'm forced too criticize the food of the other italian regions , especially the northern regions , by a contract signed when i was born . 
  well not so cheap then , at least compared to italy . 
  that 's the range in north italy too . 
  well man , do n't know what to say , thank you so much , really !, 
  i had no idea something like that existed , that could help me a lot !, 
  wow , that is nice !, 
  food does n't scare me , i like to try new things and i can cook , what scares me the most is the cold , i live in the deep south , we usually do n't even go under 10 \u00b0 thank you all guys for your help , i really appreciate it !, 
  that would be nice , i guess is merit based on the grades right ? 
  i worked during the university , that did n't help with my grades at all unfortunately . 
  thanks , i would like to study political science , i see there is a faculty there !, 
  yeah , living in a flat is my dream !, 
  right now my choice are : italy : close to home , only some university taxes . 
  baltic states : got ta pay the university for the master degree but it should be cheap . 
  poland : same as above . 
  denmark : university is cheap but cost of living is way to high . 
  i come from the deep south , no idea how i would resist in the cold , but we will see !, 
  edit : also , germany !, 
  well yeah , that would be awesome but probably too expensive for a student . 
  alright , thank you so much !, 
  i guess life is cheaper outside warsaw , right ? 
  thank you for your replies !, 
  thanks !, 
  i read that is doable to live with 500/600 $ monthly , rent included , is that right ? 
  i 'm thinking about going to study there , suggestions ? 
  price of life ? 
  cost of the university ? 
  [ he knows how to play rugby too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yspb0vg87s ), 
  it 's not always easy as it looks , the way sleeper cells work it 's really complicated and most of the time really hard to discover when done right . 
  for example , it could have been that the men involved did n't even know each other until the day of the attack or a couple of days before . 
  or maybe they knew each other but the cell has been asleep for years , it could be that the guy passing with the migrants flow was bringing the order and the last part of the plan , if it was like this it would have been impossible to discover an oral command coming from the middle east . 
  some units may be asleep , than they will be contacted for some support and go to sleep again , not even knowing what plan they are supporting . 
  also the cost of the weapons etc was n't probably so high , and even if it was noticed who knows how long those weapons were stashed on european soil , probably lost years ago in the huge mess that the black market is . 
  if who was known disapperead just before the attack it would have been almost impossible to link all together and preven the attack with such short notice . 
  or maybe the national security just fucked up eh , it could be , just trying to say that it 's not easy as it sounds . 
  yeah exactly . 
  i 'm in madrid and while is a huge capital that should n't have nothing in common with my little southern italian city , i still fell at home . 
  oh yeah , in my dialect we also have some words that are close to spanish/catal \u00e1n !, 
  exactly like italy .
