do n't say anglo-saxon protestantism ... ( if you are referring to the protestantism in britain , the correct term is anglican / anglican protestanism ) . 
  anglo saxon protestants were a term used in colonial usa to refer to protestants with british roots ... 
  it 's all a bit racially linked ... 
  i 'm all for that , but you need to consider that 79 % are unsure or disagree ... that is an overwhelming majority so its not currently possible in the slightest ... 
  [ that 's a bold strategy cotton , let 's see if it pays off ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ru8dmw-gry ), 
  i would 100 % say that tax avoidance is a negative thing ... 
  i think this is the first negative thing i 've ever read about luxembourg . . 
  almost every country in europe at that point was an absolute monarch !, 
  furthermore he was going to kill those that were `` democratically '' elected . 
  also , guy fawkes was a believer in monarchies himself . 
  he wanted to install a catholic king from the continent so that england could be a subject of a foreign catholic king . 
  his intentions were n't to end the monarchy , it was to force a king of his religion . 
  he was a terrorist who was n't fighting for democracy , but for a religion . 
  you need to look up the circumstances of this event . 
  going to be pretty awkward if they consummate it, 
  so that justifies killing him and the hundred in parliament on that day despite being a good and fair ruler ?? 
  removal and killing hundreds are 2 different things . 
  furthermore , he was n't an absolute monarch who could do as he please . 
  the magna carta and reforms in tudor times made parliament ( which guy fawkes also wished to destroy ) a very powerful force int eh government . 
  they had debatably as much power as the king . 
  i obviously do n't agree in investing that much power in a man , but he was far from a tyrant ( defined as `` a cruel and oppressive ruler '' ) that deserved to die for his position in the country when all but a minority ( which he attempted to help ) in the country approved of him . 
  king james was n't a tyrant by any stretch of the imagination !, 
  he was the most tolerant king towards catholics since mary i !, 
  he even said that he would not `` persecute any that will be quiet and give an outward obedience to the law '' . 
  this is much more than others had offered . 
  bear in mind he wanted to destroy parliament , which is more than just the king . 
  guy fawkes was a terrorist who wanted to make a statement , you ca n't condone what he tried to achieve . 
  tl ; dr king james wanted to end the catholic-protestant divide without persecution or violence , but by trying to convert catholics to protestants , which , if refused , would just result in ignoring them ( providing they did n't do anything violent ) . 
  not tyrannical by any stretch of the imagination . 
  killing generally is n't good . 
  i 'm not saying gchq does n't spy on us , i would n't be surprised really if they did spy on mass . 
  but this particular story is pure conspiracy for many reasons ( see below ) , hence why it 's being circulating conspiracy websites and not the mainstream media . 
  maybe i 'm a fool for wanting some actual hard evidence and not jumping on the bandwagon . 
  http://www.ispreview.co.uk/index.php/2013/12/confusion-alleged-gchq-nsa-backdoor-bt-fttc-modems.html plus this story was debunked ages ago , by people with knowledge on the subject rather than keyboard warriors wanting to victimise themselves . 
  furthermore , you really did n't need to be rude in replying to me . 
  try opening a discussion rather than calling me an `` ignorant '' ( which is n't to be used as a noun btw ) . 
  i do n't want to argue with you on this , so do n't reply . 
  i 'm not pro-gchq , but this particular story is largely false . 
  yeah ... 
  there is a discussion on / r/unitedkingdom which seems to actually discuss its plausibility ... 
  i 'm not saying gchq does n't spy on us , but this particular conspiracy is absolute bullshit . . 
  cool building , but it 's kinda pointless being that big . 
  surely the size of buckingham palace / the kremlin is sufficient ... 
  except this , and articles like this , offer no proper evidence it is surveillance related or has a link to gchq . 
  this article has been floating around for a year or so and still has n't been picked up my the mainstream media . 
  rt and others would have a field day over this if there was any respectable evidence . 
  this is just conspiracy . 
  edit : here is a good debunk of this year old article : http://www.ispreview.co.uk/index.php/2013/12/confusion-alleged-gchq-nsa-backdoor-bt-fttc-modems.html, 
  i actually found that rather amusing, 
  well . . got a tad larger this past year . 
  but yeah , that trend may well continue if their economy does n't start improving . . 
  yeah , but greenland and the faroe islands are practically separate countries to an extent ; essentially independent in all but name and international representation . 
  scotland will become essentially a federal unit of the uk , like what one us state is to another . 
  greenland and the faroe islands are much more devolved than scotland , wales or ni, 
  it is a bit of a fuck you to the eu, 
  you tried your best , and that 's all that matters < 3, 
  yes , it was agreed , but not like this . 
  people are pissed that they have told the uk to come up with this sort of money within a month . 
  that way of paying is not what was wanted and is outrageous that the uk now has to scramble to get this large amount of money in such a hurry . 
  i 'm pro-eu , but this does piss me off ... 
  [ i 'm sure he means this ] ( http://laughingplanetcafe.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/earth_day-750x750.jpg ), 
  i think that the uk media likes to make out that we are the scum of western europe and that our situation is n't anywhere near as bad as they all say ... 
  interesting , why did greenland decide otherwise ? 
  maybe i 'm an ignorant fool , but should n't the faroe islands be included ? 
  when i read the title and saw the state of this gentlemans haircut ... must confess i had a bit of a laugh, 
  you did well actually . 
  light hearted and included both sides to the argument on each point . 
  i really ca n't stand when people only choose to see one side . 
  this is actually a really good tl ; dr of our economic plan, 
  capital of romania moves to rome = perfect, 
  take notes rest of the world !, 
  that 's so inhuman of you to say . 
  they are 15 and 17 and stupid . 
  yeah , suck on that salmond !, 
  stupid ? 
  it 's actually amazing how many americans ask this, 
  that does infuriate me, 
  i was n't too offended really ... 
  the best way to piss of a brit is to insult our cultural mannerisms we hold dear . 
  this includes things like our love of queueing , tea and apologising for something that is n't your fault . 
  we probably wo n't leave . 
  the conservatives wo n't be the largest party in parliament next election and labour have said nothing on a referendum . 
  even if we did vote , the polls indicate that we wish to stay . 
  even if the conservatives and cameron are re-elected , they themselves do n't want to leave the eu and will make the case to stay . 
  cameron is just using this as a bargaining chip for the election, 
  thats really rude of you ... 
  yeah , we are building loads of huge off-shore wind farms ( on shore wind farms are causing too many complaints ) . 
  wind will be the uks renewable of choice . 
  we also have a lot of wave and tidal hotspots that could be exploited , but the tech for them is n't really being researched as heavily as wind and solar just yet . 
  this is the sole force driving the uk to do good things . 
  you 're being very rude to every post that wants to debate sensibly whether or not this was a good idea and what caused isis . 
  what he said was not english-bashing in the slightest . 
  even note the fact he said `` we '' as scotland was a part of what he accurately described . 
  i recommend you shut your lid on this one . 
  yeah , but they cheated by having spaces :p, 
  that 's not a settlement , it 's a hill . 
  fine , i meant the character l. 
  llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch this is the longest place name in the uk and longest settlement name in the world . 
  welsh names are weird . 
  total overkill on the letter l translation : `` st. mary 's church in the hollow of the white hazel near the rapid whirlpool and the church of st. tysilio with a red cave . '',
