  i do understand you and the fact that you must protect your country . 
  no doubt there . 
  but you are not having a tone like `` well i have to do this shit so i do it '' but more like `` man fuck this ruskies , let 's have some fun blowing shit up , war is fun , suck it ruskies '' . 
  you are clearly cheering for destruction and war and this goes far beyond the reasonable `` i have to defend my family '' logic . 
  my grandpa was shot in his back and killed by russian soldiers during the '60 while he was fishing on the prut river because he was a fisherman . 
  you know , they did it for fun . 
  my great-grandma and her sisters were raped by the glorious red army . 
  my great-granpa 's brother was run over by a soviet tank when the war was already over . 
  he lost his legs . 
  most of the belongings of my grandparents ' families were taken away as they were pretty rich and their lives and those of their children were pretty much ruined ( no socially high positions for them and stuff ) . 
  all this memories are very vivid in my family and yeah , i kinda understand what it 's like but cheering the murder of human lives is a disgusting and sociophatic behavior . 
  why the fuck is this shit being upvoted ? 
  i 'm sick about you people praising war and fucking dropping bomps as it were a joke . 
  it 's not , and we 're talking about the lives of people . 
  i 'm against russia and their agressions and because of my background i have a lot of animosity towards them . 
  but , as much as i dislike russia 's government and their decisions , praising war and destruction is not ok , even if it 's for the `` good '' side . 
  man , i wish you people understood this is real life , not cod or some other shitty game . 
  dudes , congrats , it 's freacking awesome . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  i was being metaphorical . 
  / r/europe and / r/romania are the only subs that i am a regular of . 
  i did n't mean actuallt stalking , but remembering his username and seeing it pop up a number of times made me look into his posting history and dig a bit . 
  yeah but what are you going to do with pensions for retired people and stuff ? 
  also , while europe 's population is declining africa 's is skyrocketing so i do n't think that the natural resources are going to benefit a lot . 
  why the fuck are people downvoting you ? 
  you just expressed a calm and mature opinion ... 
  roman empire alive !, 
  trajan lives in our blood !, 
  nono it 's `` foreign origin/kin '' because `` ginta '' likely comes from the latin `` gens , gentes '' and means `` tribe/clan/big big family '' and `` straina '' means `` stranger/foreign '' . 
  it 's a family thing , they 're cousins, 
   why would anyone protest that ? 
  you know , communist/anarchist students in italy do n't like this kind of events at all , because of `` them evil multinationals '' and stuff . 
  i do n't really know why exactly . 
  according to the protesters , the exposition will not benefit italy but only corporations that are collaborating with the event . 
  they also said thousands of people are volunteering at the expo venues and claimed they are being exploited as they are working for free . 
  there has also been controversy over corrupstion and mafia infiltrations . 
  i think i 'll actually see it twice . 
  it 's a joke dude , calm down . 
  on the same note `` can we not have all these jokes about vampires every time a thread about transylvania pops up ? '', 
  yeah , our ministry of beggars and social benefits suckers did a great job at exporting them , actually they 're our # 1 export since 2007 . 
  more importantly : needs more beggars, 
   aside from staging a fake crucifixion for the camera yeah , sure honey , it 's all staged and this kind of things never happen in the real world . 
   critical thinking . 
  til critical thinking = being a zealot and denying everything that goes against the glorious narrative that has been created around your `` party '', 
   why am i not surprised this is posted by a serbian ? 
  so it 's only fair when we expose russia 's shit , right ? 
  i mean come on , who cares if he 's from serbia , romania , italy or vanuatu , this shits did an inhumane thing and do n't deserve to be called humans . 
  i 'm pro-ukraine and anti-russian as hell but i at least claim to keep my objectivity and how reddit lets ukraine 's crimes pass and instead shits on russia whenever possible really makes me question whether people really try to think with their own brains or only behave like they were at a football match and madly support their team . 
  what ? 
  but reddit told me that only russians kill and torture people in this war . 
  ukrainians , on the other hand , are like batman , they fight evil without killing anybody . 
  here people use to say that our only good neighbors are serbia and the black sea ( we kinda consider moldova our colony so we 're not counting it ) . 
  now apart from jokes , romanians like serbs even though they never hear about serbia . 
  also `` s\u00e2rba '' ( `` the female serbian '' ) is a popular traditional dance that people see all the time at weddings and stuff . 
  well one of its goals is european integration so i think that romania and bulgaria would help serbia get into the eu ( either by influencing other members of the eu or by giving serbia `` tips & tricks '' on how to get into the mighty merkel-empire ), 
  i 'm wondering too . 
  the 3 pms of sb , ro and bg actually met in craiova ( city in south-western romania ) to discuss regional stuff and european collaboration and integration . 
  so i think it 's more of a balkan-regional thing and , while ro , sb and bg all have very good relations with each other , moldova only cooperates with romania and they do n't really care about sb and bg as they 're too far away . 
  romanian italian english latin spanish ( just the basics ) would like to learn german and french . 
   to expand on your comment turks and tatars like romania because there was no anti-turkish sentiment in romania on the levels of that in bulgaria and other balkan states could that be because we were never annexed to the empire or is there a different reason ? 
   i think you 're mixing up the story with the population exchange we did with the bulgarians . 
  yup  but i read somewhere that ataturk encouraged balkan turks to move to the new turkish state so there is some truth there . 
  you are right through . 
  actually they were the majority in dobruja with almost no native romanian population but we did population exchanges with the ottomans and gave them a lot of turks in exchange for aromanians . 
  later communism bought moldovans to make the population grow . 
  so nearly no one here can claim to be 100 % constantean except for turks , jews and tatars . 
  i think that the muslims make up around 7 % of the population but they are all secular , hard-working and generally do n't give any problems at all ( i find it funny that a muslim i know was sad that most of the jews in constanta had left and he missed them - i do n't see this kind of love happening anywhere else in the world ) . 
  there 's also no separatism at all as turks , tatars , lipovans , greeks , aromanians and armenians all love romania and consider themselves romanian . 
  i am from constanta . 
  there are a lot of muslims but they 're very diluted among the population so i actually think they 're the majority in only two communes or so . 
  are russians in the baltic countries really estonian/latvian/lithuanian ? 
  do they feel like belonging to these countries ? 
  are they their responsibility ? 
  well , i agree with you to some extent but i do n't really think citizenship really means anything . 
  i mean , many of the jihadists in iraq are french or british citizens . 
  does that make them french or british ? 
  and some people might have a certain citizenship but not feel any emotion of belonging to a country . 
  kurds are turkish/syrian/iraqi citizens but they do n't care at all about turkey/syria/iraq . 
  romania has a lot of minorities and some feel like they belong to the country and some others do n't . 
  for example the hungarians in romania are romanian but they only vote their parties and mostly are hungarian patriots , to the extent that if a war broke out they 'd fight for hungary . 
  the hungarian-romanian politicians that are convicted for corruption in romania find asylum in hungary only because they are ethnically hungarian even though they 're romanian citizens . 
  so what does citizenship really mean ? 
  neither are they ethnic romanians . 
  they have their ( north-indian ) language , their culture , their community laws , their traditions , their style of life . 
  actually a gypsy from romania will have a lot more in common with a gypsy from hungary or bulgaria that he 'll have with a romanian . 
  also they 've always been a semi-nomadic culture and attempts to settle them have failed ( at least in romania ) . 
  so tell me again , why is it an all-romanian problem ? 
  nomads gon na move and we sure wo n't suppress their culture of going places just because sweden does n't like them . 
   ` this kind of protest is extremely offensive ' . 
  protests are meant to offend and annoy people yeah but i think there 's a clear limit . 
  i mean , kristallnacht-like actions in europe before ww2 were seen like protests against jewish power and influence . 
  would you consider breaking the windows of a mosque or a synagogue as a valid form of protesting ? 
   i do n't understand your point ? 
  my point is that during the 2000 ' a lot of european activists went to romania saying `` you are not good at integrating your minorities . 
  you should look at us developed countries and see how it 's done . '' . 
  15 years later neighter romania nor france or sweden have been successful at integrating gypsies . 
   do you think people should not be able to protest against their actions ? 
  we 're talking about a mayor-like figure dumbing wagons of mud in front of those people 's homes . 
  i 'm all about adressing the problem and protesting freely but this kind of protest is extremly offensive , it 's like throwing dog shit into your window . 
  i 'm here  they 're all actually roma .
