  i would like to notice how 10 years or so ago the whole europe was blaming us for not integrating our minorities and allowing gypsies to live in poverty . 
  today , some of the biggest critics of romania then , sweden and france , are being extremly racist to romanian citizens in general and with the same gypsy communities in particular . 
  some french council leader or something just dumped mud in front of a gypsy camp as a protest to them and another one said a couple of days ago that gypsies are a cancer of humanity . 
  sweden has n't reached those levels yet , but i see that you 're working on it . 
  now , where are the people that said that we are racist monsters just a couple of decades ago ? 
  probably they 're on the hate train . 
  if developed countries like sweden and france ca n't integrate gypsies why should a not-so-rich country like romania be able to ? 
  well i agree that he probably had a mixed origin but calling him `` poet moldovean '' is simply stupid . 
  yes , he was born in historical moldova but he had always been a romanian patriot and unequivocally declared himself `` romanian '' over `` moldovan '' . 
  so it 's pretty clear that if he still lived he would n't want to have anything to do with r. moldova and would still consider himself romanian above all . 
  the same stands for the majority of the intellectuals born in historical moldova - they were and would still be romanian patriots . 
  well yes , you 're correct to some extent . 
  but the territories of the modern r. moldova were historically only the outskirts of moldova . 
  it 's kinda like if germany joined france to form a carolingian empire 2.0 and bavaria seceded from that empire and started calling itself `` germany '' . 
  it would n't exactly be wrong but it would be silly nonetheless . 
  in romanian `` moldavia '' is never used , the name of both the region and the country is `` moldova '' . 
  that 's a really interesting thing to notice , have an upvote . 
  now that i think about it , when moldovan nationalists claim romanian moldova will someday be theirs we just start laughing and say `` good joke , mate '' . 
  but when hungarian nationalists say that at least szekely land should be theirs then romanians get into rage-mode and start discussing who arrived first into the carpathian basin something like 1500 years ago like it were yesterday . 
  moldova calls itself `` moldova '' and we 're absolutely ok with that . 
  you might say `` well , duh , that 's how the country is called '' but we could be a lot more butthurt over it , almost at greek levels . 
  just to give you an idea : 50 % + of the historical principality of moldova now lies in romania , all of historical moldova 's capitals are in romania , most of the moldovan intellectuals were romanian patriots . 
  and , above all , the historical principality of moldova ended its century-long existence by uniting with wallacchia and forming romania ( when the nowadays ' republic of moldova was already part of russia ) . 
  so you can understand that we could be really butthurt over it and demand that moldova changes its name as actually romania holds more `` moldavian '' territory than moldova does and more `` moldavian '' population . 
  but we 're entirely ok with it . 
  they are free to call themselves moldova . 
  some extremists of theirs actually say that eminescu was not romanian like the fyrom nationalists say that alexander was not greek . 
  we do n't care though as every sane person recognizes that eminescu was above all a romanian ( he even used to say `` we 're romanian . 
  i think that greeks should just chill like romanians do because macedonia will never annex greek macedonia just like moldova will never annex romanian moldova and i do n't really think that any sane person would ever think that alexander was a macedonian slav . 
  he used to own the biggest newspaper in constanta and a bunch of other telecommunications businesses before becoming mayor . 
  now he owns many dance clubs and bars so i do n't really think that he lives off his mayor wage . 
  ok then . 
  i quoted slavoyk zizek , a slovenian marxist philosopher . 
  he 's a big critic of globalization and the post-modern ideologies . 
  i would n't consider him `` one of the many symptoms of the epidemic degeneracy plaguing modern society . '', 
  mainly because he 's one of the main critics of that `` modern society '' . 
  i also think that this kind of humor has nothing to do with the modern society as it has always been around . 
  for example caesar was jokingly called by his soldiers `` bitch of all the husbands and husband of all the bitches '' and many examples of this kind of obscene humor can be found from the ancient times to the modern ones , even during the middle ages with the carmina burana and other grotesque kind of compositions . 
  it was also a part of pagan religions and still is . 
  for example people danced with obscene moves during the bacchanalias or other pagan festivities . 
  wooden phalluses were used in dacian and thracian dances and are still used in fertility festivities in modern japan . 
   epidemic degeneracy plaguing modern society it 's so cute when people use big words in order to seem intelligent . 
  too much counter strike and too little contact with the outside world leads to this ... 
  yeah but when you start making these distinctions you see that freedom of speech ends . 
  most people find caricatures of putin funny but he and his family surely do n't . 
  most people find jokes about north korea funny but if north koreans heard them they surely would n't . 
  many people found charlie hebdo caricatures funny but the terrorists surely did n't . 
  see , when we start putting limits based on what people find offensive , satire ends . 
  i downvoted your post . 
  not because i do n't respect the victims . 
  not because i sympathize with what serbia did in any way . 
  but because i think that jokes are the best way of letting the past go and going forward without any animosity . 
  i joke about the holocaust , racism , slavery , massacres and war ; i think that this way the absurdness of everything best comes to surface . 
  slavoyk zizek speaks about `` good racism '' which is the ironical kind of racism that lets you walk above diversities and truly accept a different person . 
  two friends are not true friends if they can not accept jokes like `` i fuck your mother dude '' . 
  see , a normal person would respond something like '' stop , you 're being disrespectful '' but a friend would say `` sure , in the meantime i 'll fuck your sister '' . 
  the same stands for racist jokes ; french people and german people generally do them to each other because they 've walked above differences and now they seem silly enough to joke about . 
  the same thing would result in a fight if done between idk , an arab and a jew . 
  see , real tolerance and love between people exists only when racist jokes are taken as they are , jokes . 
  yeah , we also pretty much love you < 3 ... 
  instead of yugoslavia would you like to try latino-salvia ? ... 
  we can also let moldova and monteafricanamerican inside . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  as it 's getting pretty hot in here i 'll try to speak from my experience : romania : a kiss on both cheeks usually between friends , more likely between a man and a woman or between two women than between two men . 
  living in dobruja i see that aromanians and greek-romanians tend to give cheek kisses to the same sex a lot more than other romanians . 
  lip kiss is only contemplated between lovers . 
  men sometimes , though rarely , give women hand-kisses but i can say that this is dying out italy : generally a kiss on both cheeks , between two men or a man and a woman alike , but very young people ( under 20 ) almost only do it to the opposite sex . 
  southern italians seem to do it more , though , and might even go for 3/4 kisses . 
  lip kiss is only contemplated between lovers . 
  i do n't want to seem an asshole or something but sometimes reading comment sections like this from reddit kinda makes me think that most of this site is made up of really socially awkward people . 
  what about splitting up the us between detroit and not-detroit ? 
  i think that on the internet , especially on reddit , the splitting of italy is seen as a thing much more doable than it really is . 
  most of northern italians hate the concept of padania and not even veneto is really even close to seriously considering independence . 
  lega nord wins most of their votes from eurosceptics or supporters of italian federalism . 
  they have even officially abandoned the separatist views and now are only federalist . 
  apart from some fringe parts of veneto or the non-italian regions ( valle d'aosta and sud tirol ) separatism of the north is n't even actually considered . 
  a funny thing is that lega nord sometimes wins the elections in parts of central or even southern italy ( i remember they won in a remote village in southern sicily ) . 
  dude , i consider myself a liberal antiracist guy but it 's undisputed that romanians and sinti/roma gypsies are different ethnic groups . 
  sure , there 's been plenty of contact but they speak and indian dialect as their first language and conserve the traditions and culture of their forefathers ( for example the clan division in `` satras '' a thing that romanians do n't have at all , and a widespread nomadic behavior ) . 
  by now i agree that plenty of romanians are at least in part of gypsy origin ( i think something like 15 % but it 's a simple guess ) . 
  there have n't been a lot of interethnic marriages though because gypsies have lived as constitutionally slaves till 1856 and even after slavery was abolished they worked in serf-like conditions on big properties . 
  only communism started actively integrating them ( after the racial laws and exterminations during ww2 done by our fascist government ) but they were not able to level all the differences between romanians and gypsies and , above all , they were not able to remove the social stigma around gypsies . 
  this stigma is still present and if a gypsy rises from poverty in a honest way he tends to reject his origins and ostentate his romanian-ness ( i know some very very brown guys who consider themselves pure romanians and are very racist towards gypsies-i mean to the level that they say another holocaust is needed ) . 
  now about the daco-roman theory ... our language is definitely of latin origin but i personally believe that the share of slavic `` blood '' in romanians is greater than roman or dacian shares . 
  the gypsies that speak romany and live in satras are undeniably northern indian though . 
  i think it just nails the atmosphere of bucharest , with the different people of different backgrounds and everything . 
   for a hungarian or bulgarian it 's switching one failed state for another dude , could you please pull your head out of your ass ? 
  from the high horse you 're sitting on i bet you can see new york . 
  the main difference is that germany has constantly been apologizing for nazism since pretty much ww2 . 
  they even do it too much and it 's just become kinda trivial . 
  turkey on the other hand has yet to aknowledge the armenian genocide , let alone saying `` ok guys , sorry , we fucked up but we promise we 're not gon na do it again , pinky swear '', 
  blood = fraternity , fields of wheat = ? 
  ? , sea/sky = freedom . 
  also i think i was told that the legend says that [ michael the brave ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_the_brave ) made it the flag of his kingdom from the flags of wallachia , moldova and transylvania when he briefly united the provinces in 1600 . 
  i could n't have said it better . 
  here , [ take it , it 's all yours ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3rf2rpi.jpg ), 
   maybe someone from constan\u021ba could enlighten us as i said before , his main counter-candidate from pd-l in the last elections has been sentenced to 6 months in jail for buying votes and also his second-counter-candidate has been involved in really shady business . 
  sadly the people of constanta have n't been given the chance to elect a decent mayor . 
  edit : also  97 % care to tell me where you 've found this number ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.beclocale2008.ro/documm/finale_adaugatebis.htm ) it says 68 %,
