  you just have to dig the information out of their websites ... 
  the only solution i see is dividing the country in smaller states . 
  otherwise it would be like keeping yugoslavia a united country after the yugoslav wars with milosevic as its leader ... yeah , does n't really sound so good . 
  plus , must of the soldiers on all the sides have already lost everything ( family , friends , homes , mental sanity ) and i do n't think it would be unlikely if they fought till the end , either the end of all human lives in syria or the end of syria itself . 
  plus , dividing up syria would create at least a couple of mixed bosnia-wannabe states that 'd be reaaaalyyy disfunctional . 
  either way , the situation is utter shit . 
  probably ... but do n't be so sure . 
  remember that assad , the government and much of the armed forces are either alawite , christian or druze . 
  this means that in the last decades syria has been ruled by its minorities . 
  the sunni.population has had a lot fewer options to get to high-positions than the minorities . 
  now everybody has gained its own little area : the kurds their kurdish areas in the north , the liberal and rich sunnis their fsa areas between assad and isis , thealawites and the other minorities have kept their areas and also hold onto some liberal sunni areas and , well , the poor rural sunnis have their own isis state . 
  but all this has come with a price . 
  all cities excepting alawite pnes have pretty.much been destroyed , and lots and lots of people have died . 
  so proposing to go back to assad , where the sunni majority will be repressed even more than before , sounds to many as a worse option than fighting the civil war . 
  ... you are comparing a shitty revolution that stopped immediatly with a full-blown civil war that has at least four sides hatimg eachother and hoping they 'll win so they can kill the other sides ... 
  yeah , in romania there 's [ alexandru paleologu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alexandru_paleologu ) 's son, 
  because there 's an ongoing civil war there and half of the country is controlled by isis . 
  it looks like it 'll take maybe decades before the country will sort itself out . 
  they ca n't just wait patiently in refugee centres 10 years because in the distant future they might return to a destroyed , resource-emptied and radicalized syria . 
  yeah yeah i know . 
  it 's just that my 20 $ chinese phone does n't really have all characters lol, 
  also caca in romanian . 
  `` shit '' is c\u00e3cat . 
  nope nope nope . 
  it was called `` teara romaneasca '' ( a.k.a. 
  land of the romans ) . 
  it ' just that the germans ( and eventually the magyars and slavs ) used the prexix `` wlah '' to indicate latin speaking people . 
  that 's where wallonia ( and possibly wales ) comes from . 
  also that 's why romance speaking people in the balkans are called by you guys `` vlachs '' and why aromanian states in medieval greece were called `` wallachias '' . 
  also i think that in hungarian ( and polish i think ) romania and romanians have very similar names to italy and.italians ( olah and olaz i think but i ca n't look it up now ), 
  then please tell me more about banat , crisana or dobruja , please . 
  after all they are among romania ' s richest regions ... 
  not enough . 
  never enough / s, 
  wtf . 
  one of my best trips abroad was the one to istambul . 
  and i went with my mother and nobody harassed her . 
  i mean , every other woman looked european.and we did n't have any problem at all . 
  9/10 would kebab again . 
  cheers !, 
  i hope europe can get past its traumas made by soviet ( and recently russian ) agression and imperialism . 
  congratulations to our baltic friends !, 
  russia has clearly crossed the line . 
  they think they can do whatever they want with europe and their government has clearly crossed the line . 
  i mean wtf , this move is utterly stupid and inconsiderate . 
  i do n't hate the russian people but their leaders . 
  i hope for the best but i do n't really think that they can go back on their tracks . 
  well , in the city centre of constanta a bigg-ish historical house goes way over 500 k. [ this house ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wre5wmv.jpg ) and [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s0uqabz.jpg ) go for over 1000 k each . 
  i should note that they 're very important houses ( they belonged to interwar intellectuals ) , have 180 \u00b0 view of the sea and are located right in the centre . 
  if you go further from the centre ( and from the seaside ) prices go down drammatically and for 300 k you can get a [ big villa with a pool ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pwkrsji.jpg ) right outside constanta or a [ pretty decent historical house ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wrqxxvk.jpg ) further from the centre and from the sea, 
  oh , we too : `` du-te in pizda matii care te-a facut ! '', 
  `` go to the vagina of the mother that made you ! '', 
  oh god !, 
  people dare to have fun and party on the seaside and , god forbid , other people build hotels for those people to stay in . 
  we should return to the golden years when only like 20 tourists came to those beaches . 
  / s no , jokes apart , i see this a lot also in romania when people speak about constanta , my hometown , and how now it 's too populated , mainstream and full of people that want to have fun but , you know , constanta is romania 's second-richest county only because of that sort of tourism and if all the beaches were hipster-reserves full of bushes we 'd lose half of our county 's revenue ... 
  oh , then poles should be idk , mega-beggars , as they take a loooot more money from the eu than us . 
  in fact , we 're the state with [ the lowest absorption rate in the european union ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/easternapproaches/2012/06/eu-funds-absorption-romania ) . 
  in fact , countries like [ germany or estonia ] ( http://imgur.com/juvgt3j ) have far higher absorption rates than us . 
  and yes , every country gets money from the eu , just that in different areas . 
  so , i 'd like it very much if you started calling `` fucking beggars '' also countries like poland and estonia . 
  cheers , asshole . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union ) graph shows very well how much money every eu state gives and takes from the eu . 
  belgium , the czech republic , greece , spain , lithuania , louxemburg , hungary , poland and portugal are all far bigger beggars than us ... so yeah , fuck your biased opinions . 
   you are all fucking beggars you for real , m8 ? 
  not that dacia but [ this dacia ] ( http://www.istorie-pe-scurt.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/harta-dacia-burebista.jpg ), 
   romania appreciation thread * nationalism intensifies *  romania appreciation thread * nationalism over 9000 , start seeing ghost of glorious dacian leader decebal , dacian trajan and dacian alexandru the great *  they decided that the corruption must end , they invested in internet infrastructure , which gives them the best internet in europe . 
  they dug themselves out of that hole . 
  * nationalist boner is so strong that pokes hole into hungary , partium is now ours *  they 're awesome * nationalism hate transforms gypsies into swedish bisexual porn actresses *  i think romania does n't get appreciated enough for all the great things they have achieved in the past decade * nationalism too strong ... romania evolves into dacia and swallows the whole afro-eur-asian continent , america and oceania also surrender . 
  hail your dacian overlords and their women - the swedish bisexual porn actresses !!!, 
   eastern european i think slavic countries so what about romania , hungary and greece ? 
   help with exports and tourism yeah but what if you barely got any exports and your tourism is already a very very inflated sector ? 
  i mean , it 's not like idk , north korea defaulted and then opened its borders for milions of tourists to come . 
  greece has been one of the most important tourism destinations in europe for a long time and they 've basically expanded nearly to their limit . 
  if their hotels are 80 % full now but people pay , say 100 euros for a night and after leaving the euro their hotels will be 100 % full of people paying the equivalent in drachmas of 50 euros i do n't really see much improvement . 
   you poor bastards lool , i think western europeans laugh like hell when reading comments from eastern europe . 
  it 's absurd as hell but so was the donbass conflict a couple of years ago . 
  if you had told them that russians and ukraine would be fighting a bloody war over donbass they would have all said `` but now we 're all friends , how possibly could it happen ? '' . 
  but it happened . 
  for all i know 5 years from now the eu and nato could be very weak and orban could go imperialistic and start a war with romania over hungarian-ethinc ares . 
  i know , it seems like a bad joke but again so was a conflict in donbass seen a couple of years ago . 
  the shell posted here could very well have hit and killed civilians , as it has happened many times before both for russians and ukrainians . 
  so as much as i dislike russia i do n't think that these people deserve to die . 
  and the same goes for the soldiers , even though their death may be `` necessary '' in the big picture , it 's not ok to cheer their deaths , and the loss of their families . 
  szekler land declared independence and romania went to war with hungary i hope that no one would cheer deaths on any side . 
  i sure as heck would n't, 
   it 's called empathy !, 
  yeah , and why should i have it only for one side ? 
  do n't you think that the russian soldiers and possibly civilians killed by such a bomb need empathy too ? 
  do n't you think that they have children , families , a home to return to ? 
  oh no , they 're obviously all inherently evil and deserve to die . 
  let 's cheer war , it 's not like the place we 're talking about has been completely destroyed and they 're fighting for a piece of wasteland . 
  if szekler land declared independence i hope that we just were cool with it and not start a fucking shitfest like the one in donbass . 
    fuck it , i 'm out ... 
    disgusting  says le swede redditor from the conform of his home . 
  says le spanish redditor from the conform of his home . 
  i 'm thinking about uploading a video of me and some buddies from isis firing an rpg against some kurdish base or something , idk , it could be a city but i 'm not sure , yolo . 
  can i publish it ? 
  yeah i can almost understand you but i feel that most of the people upvoting and cheering on this thread are just bloodthirsty non-ukrainian europeans that have nothing to do with this war and no reason to `` get it personally '' . 
  hope that you and other people that are being `` inside '' this war stay safe , though , and that everything can end in peace .
