  it 's not an issue * today * , but long-term there are damning outcomes if we do n't change things . 
  i 'll check your link later when i have more time . 
  i agree 100 % . 
  which is why i 'm voting for bernie sanders ; he 's the closest thing to hope that we have right now . 
  i agree on what stop-gap measures need to take place , but i 'm unsure of what `` smarter '' or `` more elegant '' solutions exist . 
  at least in the u.s. , short of a complete and total overhaul , there are no fixes ... 
  there are multiple issues , yes . 
  this is one i just find harder to control ( government intervention can [ temporarily ] increase consumption , but not population ) . 
   but generally speaking it is true , we have a problem in the pension system . 
  simply because we got too many old people and too few young people who contribute to the system . 
  is n't that the problem with most ponzi schemes ? 
  i 'm partially joking , but i 'm seriously challenging the worth of a system that relies on new contributors to survive . 
  it 's a problem with pensions world-wide . 
  i believe that the law should be changed to allow for government whistleblowers to do what 's right for the american people ( and the world ) , but unfortunately that 's not the law yet and as such individuals who choose to do the right thing * despite the laws they know they 're breaking * are viewed as fugitives by the government . 
  i , for one , want that to change . 
  i 'm not saying the u.s. is perfect , but i am saying that we do n't get everything wrong . 
  neither do we . 
  the surviving boston bomber went on trial ( the other was shot in a gunfight in which he was shooting back ) . 
  he was given full status of law , unlike what he did in carrying out his attacks . 
  he had a defense team , courtroom , jurors , etc and went through the due process of law . 
  he was sentenced to death , not gitmo . 
  he 's in a federal penitentiary waiting for his time . 
   shooting the plane down is the next logical step . 
  no , next steps would be : radar lock-on  then fire a missile but abort it last minute  lastly , shoot down a jet . 
   the air to air missiles used by the turkish air force do not have an abortion code . 
  per a pilot in the / r/worldnew post ( i read it about 7 hrs ago , i do n't know that i could find it easily ) , the particular jet used should 've had an abort sequence that the turkish pilots could 've executed . 
   you question the reported 5 minutes . 
  i also said it was beside 's the point , the russian air force knew what they were doing . 
  fair enough . 
  i still ca n't agree that it * should * be supported . 
  i was n't going for the perfect analogy . 
  and this incident resulted in 3 + deaths , hence my exaggerated example resulting in a death . 
  poor analogy or not , turkey is still in the wrong . 
   that 's kind of an ... exaggeration . 
  i was going for exaggeration to make the point , not a perfect comparison . 
  that does n't matter . 
  none of that matters . 
  what matters are the reactions to a single event . 
  like i pointed out , there were ways to avoid shooting down a jet and committing to death multiple people . 
  and , again , this is not how to treat allies . 
  this is all unacceptable . 
  if a kid in school lightly pinches you every day for a year , on the 366th day you do n't pull out a rocket launcher and shoot the mini-van with his family dropping him off for class . 
  this was a drastic overreaction to russia 's violations . 
  i 'm for any country defending their space , but let the defense equal the violation , not grossly exceed it . 
   their action is absolutely & totally out of proportion from a supposed ally in the fight against terrorism . 
  exactly . 
  this is the polar opposite action of a true ally in the same battle . 
  so , let me get this straight : * turkey jet shoots down russian jet after a reported 5 minutes of warnings ( timeline seems questionable , given small distance of land crossed , but that 's not really the point . 
  warnings are a courtesy , the russian pilots/their superiors involved knew what they were doing when intentionally flying over turkish airspace . ), 
  * rebel forces find/kill parachuting pilots ( a clear war crime , which is saddening but not surprising of the rebel forces ) * [ a russian rescue helicopter is shot down by rebel forces ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/621677/reports-russian-helicopter-shot-down-while-searching-downed-jets ) ( again , very sad but not surprising ) . 
  assuming the above sequence is true , are people really ok with all of this ? 
  i understand turkey defending its airspace , i really do . 
  and i was in support of that idea initially , but this was all too much . 
  they can strongly support their sovereignty more aggressively than verbal warnings , but less damning than actually shooting down a jet , by a simple radar lock-on ( the russian pilots can detect this ) or even a more aggressive missile fired , but aborted in the last moment , to send a very clear message . 
  this is further compounded when turkey * has to know * that rebels are in the area and wo n't treat the pilots , if they survive , appropriately . 
  those pilots lives , and the rescue crew from the helicopter 's lives , are all on turkey imo . 
  the u.s. , nato , etc need to treat this as unacceptable from turkey and react accordingly . 
  ------------- edited * to add link/clarity . 
  but did they really need to shoot it down ? 
  why not open fire and abort at the last minute ? 
  sends a much stronger message than just verbal warnings but does n't jeopardize a shitload of relations ... 
  pilots usually carry a handgun . 
  i think parachuting is just so defenseless , you 're all alone , whereas a tank crew will likely not be alone on the ground , can jump behind their tank for cover , etc. 
  huh , ironic . 
  i did n't think i 'd see any country singled out as `` aggressive '' when compared to russia in the same sentence . 
  even if there are some good ones , it still therefore does n't accurately to state that krogers offers the `` same thing , '' because that 's misleading . 
  we know what we can get from trader joe 's and whole foods , we do n't know what we 'll get from one kroger 's to the next . 
  so they are n't really something that you can say are equal . 
  yeah ... 
   where in the us do you live ? 
   i just avoid junk food/fast food establishments sure , granted , but my point is that there 's far more ` unhealthy ' places vs ` healthy ' places in the us that need avoiding . 
  i.e. , there 's less to avoid in europe , therefore it 's easier to find healthier options there . 
  you can walk into most places with a relative peace of mind that they do n't serve food that 's high in preservatives and that they do n't follow practices common in the us . 
  not saying that such places do n't exist in the us , but you have to look harder than when you 're in europe . 
   also , where in europe is it standard to have housemade ketchup ? 
  not saying that it 's a standard anywhere , but it has been far more common in the places i 've visited ( ireland , france , italy , austria , germany , and denmark ) than it 's back home . 
   the same thing that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  granted , it 's improving dramatically when compared to even 5 years ago , but it 's nowhere near the comment of `` the same thing '' as whole foods or even trader joe 's . 
  trade joe 's is great . 
  my wife and i go to both . 
  the meats and fish at whole foods is far superior to that of trader joe 's ( in our experience at the locations near us ) , but tj 's produce , wine , beer , and just about everything else is cheaper than wf 's . 
  however , tj 's overall selection is inferior to that of wf 's ( which is literally a first-world problem , i know ) . 
  while it 's not my favorite ( it 's a little too sweet imo ) , i do n't outright avoid it . 
  it 's just that there 's something special about enjoying various `` house '' ketchup varieties . 
  and i found that far more common in europe than anywhere in the us that i 've been . 
  i 'm not saying that the price is not justified to an extent , but they are a publicly traded company -- they have to squeeze out every bit of profit possible to make their share holders happy . 
  it 's a problem , though , when it 's expensive enough that it prohibits many people from shopping there regularly -- that 's assuming there 's one nearby . 
   a place without cookies the horror !, 
  i do n't disagree with how nice whole foods is , but relatively speaking they 're pretty expensive ( by u.s. standards ) . 
  also , they 're fairly unique and they only have 365 stores globally . 
  so , they 're absolutely great , but they do have their drawbacks/limitations . 
   without it , the wwii would 've last for another year or year and a half , and that would 've meant millions of deaths . 
  and possibly a loss for the ussr ... 
  many historians do not believe they would 've been able to hold out for another 1-1 .5 years . 
  coming home from europe , the difference in food is shockingly different . 
  it 's not hard to find fresh , locally sourced food that was made as you ordered it -- but coming home it 's largely filled with preservatives , has been frozen , was pre-made and sat for awhile , etc. 
  you have to look much harder to find places that do n't do this in the us . 
  ------------------------- edit * i forgot to add how the little touches ( with regards to food ) from places in europe that make a huge difference and are n't things you encounter very often in the u.s. , sometimes not even at the places that make a greater effort for locally sourced fresh ingredients , etc : * fresh jam in a far ( far more often you 'll get individual jam packets ) * fresh cream for your coffee/tea ( again , the individual creamer packets that sit out for weeks and do n't spoil ) * in-house made-from-scratch ketchup and other sauces ( pretty much everyone in the us uses heinz or hunts packets/bottles ) * real coffee / espresso / lattes ( so many places do n't bother or do a shitty job offering this ; and no one includes a glass of water and cookie when you order a latte , espresso , etc ), 
  along the lines of universities losing their way , not sure if anyone saw this or not , [ but here 's a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrlrayuln4o ) of a student/journalist trying to document a protest in a public space of the university . 
  students and professors blocked , intimated , and threatened the student .
