  they 're focusing on the long-term economic impact , despite the tax revenue lost today , and they anticipate to come out well ahead . 
  with apple/ireland , tesla/nevada , and similar situations , it 's never a question of `` what 's best today ? '', 
  but instead `` what 's best over the next 60-80 years ? '', 
  13 billion euros over 20 years for 5,500 employees is an average yearly salary of about 118,181 per person . 
  as these are professional jobs and many will make more than that average , i do n't think the one-time payout is `` waaaay more '' as you believe . 
  in fact , that average probably is n't far from the truth . 
  it could easily be more than that and could 've easily been for well over 20 years . 
  but now , who knows . 
  and if another state got it , it would not be good for nevada ... that 's exactly my point . 
  in some circumstances , it 's good to incentivize companies to your locality . 
  that 's exactly what ireland did with apple -- but apparently they went too far . 
  this is n't something that 's done for every business , just the ones that have more of an economic impact . 
  it wo n't be a race to the bottom . 
   while the tesla factory may be very beneficial for nevada it would have also been very beneficial for another us state if it had been built there . 
  ... that 's my point . 
  nevada attracted jobs/opportunities for its state it did n't otherwise have . 
  same with ireland and apple . 
  but most companies are not building factories as large as tesla 's in nevada or have as sizable of an economic impact , so it 's not a race to the bottom as this only applies as an outlier , not the norm of daily businesses everywhere . 
  in some cases , it 's worth incentivizing major corporations for their huge economic impact . 
  the entire would would n't operate like that as most countries simply ca n't do that type of move ; that 's why it 's ok by me to allow exceptions against the rule for particularly large companies . 
  in the usa , it does happen a lot between states -- tesla is building the world 's largest factory in nevada because that state gave tesla the best deal . 
  but this factory is estimated by economists to be very favorable for nevada over the next 60 + years . 
  sometimes , it 's worth give such companies incentive to choose you over someone else . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  i do n't disagree at all that it 's subjective . 
  but i believe that if there 's a realistic possibility that company a moves its operations to another country , it 's better to keep them in your own country at a lower tax rate to employ 5,000 of your own people . 
  do i think this is `` fair '' or `` right ? '', 
  not really . 
  but i also believe those 5,000 people are better employed than not . 
  i 'm not against staggered rates , but i 'm not qualified to state what those rates should be ; i do n't know that 0,005 % is reasonable , but that does n't mean 12,5 % is ( i believe that would be the effective back-dated rate adjustment from the payout ) . 
  if company a has 5,000 professional-level employees , it seems reasonable that they 'd get a better tax bracket/lower rate than company b , who only employs 100 professional-level employees . 
  company a has a far greater impact in the economy and society as a whole . 
  should company a be taxed at 0,005 % ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  but i 'm ok with the concept of them paying less in taxes from an economic impact viewpoint . 
  i never said any of that . 
  all i 'm pointing out is that the one-time cash grab will not be as beneficial as having companies flock to your country and hiring your population into quality careers . 
   apple could bankrupt within a decade lol . 
  could be , wo n't be . 
  at least the odds do not favor that as a realistic outcome . 
  very , * very * rarely to the largest corporations in the world ( apple is # 1 right now ) go bankrupt in a decade . 
   or relocate to china , or else etc sure . 
  that 's kinda my point . 
  those outcomes are far more likely now than ever before . 
   honestly , i do n't think 5,500 jobs are worth $ 13bn . 
  in one year alone , sure . 
  but a growing apple over 50 ? 
  80 years ? 
  perhaps it is . 
  also , it 's more than apple -- what other companies may leave or may now not come to ireland ? 
  what opportunity loss is there from a single payout ? 
  that 's the bigger question/concern . 
   but this is all under the assumption that apple would move out of ireland . 
  they 've said they 'll stay , but for all we know that could just be to discourage ireland to try to collect their taxes . 
  sure , but now they may be reluctant to expand . 
  they may say they 'll stay , but leave in 5 years whereas they would n't have left previously . 
  in your opinion , if apple does pay this full sum , how will this impact current or future job growth in ireland ? 
  [ the stability and growth pact ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50ach6/apple_ordered_to_pay_up_to_13bn_after_eu_rules/d72j0s5 ) . 
  sure , the payout would be a fantastic * one-time * benefit and ireland could restructure its finances a little , but you ca n't suddenly go hire 5,500 teachers , police officers , nurses , libarians , etc -- their future salaries are not gaurenteed ; there 's no tax revenue stream to ensure those positions indefinitely . 
  attracting large multi-national companies to your country , through , does ensure income taxes , jobs for graduates and other professionals , etc for many generations . 
  from this , you * can * plan to hire teachers , nurses , infrastructure repairs , etc. 
  do n't get me wrong ; apple should pay more in taxes . 
  but forcing this payout * could * discourage companies from moving to ireland and possibly encourage companies to move out . 
  this is job loss or stagnat job growth for ireland , something more important than a one-time payout . 
   how many jobs do you get in return of more than 15 billion euros ? 
  the money apple pays can only be applied to the national debt or a reserve fund ( rainy days fund ) . 
  it 's a one-time payout ; you ca n't alter your entire finances based off of a one-time event . 
  you need the constant revenue stream to support any changes you make with that one-time payout . 
  to get the 5,500 jobs apple offers , ireland officials had to do relatively little -- agree to this deal . 
  now , that 's 5,500 + employees that are paying taxes and in good jobs straight out of college . 
  maybe those jobs expand and in 10 years it 's 8,500 employees ; who knows in 20 or 30 years . 
  now , you have multiple generations having careers with apple in ireland , retiring , and someone new getting hired . 
  that 's long-term growth you can plan on , account for , and build infrastructure , hire teachers , repair hospitals , etc from . 
  why would the taxes go only to the employees ? 
  that makes no sense at all ... taxes do n't only target a specific group . 
  regardless , the 13b can only be applied to paying down the national debt or going into a reserve fund . 
  the irish government is not allowed to spend it on anything else . 
  apple has 5,500 employees in ireland that are paying income tax to ireland ... that 's tax revenue and employed individuals . 
  not saying what apple did is ok , but i am pointing out that , to an extent , the deal by the irish government was mutually beneficial . 
  the only place the money is allowed to be spent is the national debt or some sort of reserve fund . 
  they can strike all they want , but the law binds them to only these choices . 
  it 's not that apple did no wrong , but it 's certainly a shared wrong with ireland 's government for agreeing to the preposterous deal . 
   however , american redditors and the american press seem to see one as a blatant breach of the law that should be punished to the fullest and the other as bogus claims sourced in `` anti-americanism '' . 
  i do n't . 
  fb is more in the wrong than vw , imo . 
  or maybe they 're simply looking far beyond a single payout ? 
   if the government took the tax money they could make all those employees and their spouses millionaires first of all , the money can only be used to [ pay down ireland 's national debt or go into a reserve fund ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/50ach6/apple_ordered_to_pay_up_to_13bn_after_eu_rules/d72j0s5 ) . 
  secondly , if that were not the case , why would they only give the money to apple employees ? 
  taxes are to build infrastructure , school , hospitals , among other things , for all -- not to benefit a few individuals . 
  divided by ireland 's entire population , it 's ~ 2,700 euros per person . 
  a huge chunk , but it 's a one-time payoff . 
  the irish government is projecting that keeping apple and other large multinationals in ireland and employing many people will be far more beneficial over time than a one-time payout . 
  this potential payout will give many companies pause about moving their business to ireland and given reason to some to leave ireland , meaning no more jobs and/or reduced employment in ireland . 
  the comments in this post are very puzzling ... 
  that same narrow minded perspective could be applied to just about every religion on earth . 
  i simply disagree with you . 
  that did n't make any sense . 
  as i suspected ; immature brats with nothing to say eventually turn to pathetic antics . 
  well done , you fulfilled a stereotype . 
   perhaps because the `` good ones '' whenever they do good it is negligible that 's a wholly unfair , unfounded , and unsourced statement .
