  just because all of fifa has been corrupt for decades does n't mean that the doj had a legal angle that they could target until more recently , and then it took years to build a strong enough case . 
  and that 's ignoring the facts that they have * loads * of cases to work , and they have to target the more damning cases as they go along . 
  if they did have good evidence 10 years ago , maybe they had bigger criminals to to target at that time . 
  everything is relative , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  it takes a very long time to build an air-tight case . 
  and they have to pick between cases on which to focus their attention . 
  fifa was finally too big to ignore + they were able to start with some evidence to build on . 
  it wo n't end fifa , but hopefully it scares the shit out of the other members and they clean up their act . 
  and hopefully some of those indicted so far give up blatter for a plea deal ... 
  doj has ~ a 90 % success rate with their indictments . 
  there 's a * very good chance * these people , and maybe more , will be in prison . 
  if that 's where a large amount of their evidence stems from , how is that suspicious ? 
  in case this has n't been added for comparison , here 's a serving and a half from usa :  percent of adults age 20 years and over who are obese : 35.1 % ( 2011-2012 )  ** percent of adults age 20 years and over who are overweight , including obesity : 69.0 % ( 2011-2012 ) ** http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/obesity-overweight.htm, 
  snowden should be forgiven . 
  corporate whistleblowers get paid a fuck ton of money ( [ the largest ever was $ 30 million / $ 27 million euros last year ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sec-to-pay-30-million-whistleblower-award-its-largest-yet-1411406612 ) ) , but reveal dark truths about your own government spying on you and you 're branded a traitor . 
  that does n't sit well with me . 
  it 's still not a bear worth poking to see if you 'd wake it out of hibernation . 
  do n't do it , france . 
  do n't fucking do it . 
  thank you for validating !, 
  thank you !, 
  please translate , and feel free to alter as you see fit if it will make the conversation make more sense in dutch : hello , isa !, 
  my wife and i send our greetings and love from omaha , nebraska in the usa !, 
  we hear you 're an amazing and special girl and we 're very happy to connect with you from across the world . 
  you , suus , and your parents are wonderful people and we will keep you all in our thoughts and hearts . 
  best wishes . 
  ah , fair enough , 
  you might want to x-post to / r/travel . 
   you obviously give a fuck of you would n't have answered lol . 
  i 'm on reddit . 
  i 'm here to comment and reply . 
  if there 's a notice of a message , i 'll respond . 
  do n't think so highly of yourself , it 's unbecoming . 
   have a nice day !, 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't give a fuck if you have a nice day or not . 
  that 's not what you typed . 
  i can only take what you say at it 's literal meaning . 
   instead of 2 planes it was 2 cruise missiles fired by the afghan military ? 
  this directly suggests that the afghan military was behind the two planes and instead of planes , what if they used two cruise missiles ? 
  it 's not my fault that you did not adequately convey the thought that you intended . 
  call me childish all you like , as if i give a flying fuck , it merely continues to demonstrate your own ignorance on the matter and inability to have a rational discussion . 
  you ask if i 'm a kid and insinuate that i know nothing , yet you 're the one that thought the afghan military was behind the terrorist attacks . 
  how comical . 
  i 've thoroughly differentiated between the two and i 've extensively explained my points . 
  i 'm old enough to know when i 'm talking to a brick wall . 
  good day . 
   ok then , how would the us have reacted different if instead of 2 planes it was 2 cruise missiles fired by the afghan military ? 
  lol . 
  where do i begin with this ... * a. 
  the afghan military did n't initiate the terrorist plot , extremists did * b. 
  if the afghan military did wage war , many more country 's would 've been in support * c . the u.s. , and many other countries joining in , would 've completely demilitarized ( after defeating ) the afghan military ; [ whereas right now the us is still paying to train and build up the afghan military ] ( http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/01/28/us-has-spent-65-billion-train-afghan-security-forces-theyre-still-not-ready )  also , what explosives ? 
  when i typed that i was thinking of more recent events ; granted , not all scumbag terrorists use hidden explosives . 
  regardless , their pathetic actions are n't full-scale military escalations . 
  --------------- to draw the line for you , i was initially speaking to the fact that there have been zero wwii-scale actions ; there has been no global war ; the u.s. has not been attacked by any foreign government in an act of war . 
  extremists carrying out their brainwashed attack on the west is not a government 's declaration of war . 
  we 're not fighting the afghan army , we 're arming , training , and helping them to fight extremists/terrorists . 
  terrorism is n't limited to one country ; it 's just not the same thing as fighting european or south pacific large-scale fronts of a global war , like with wwii . 
  the u.s. , and many allied countries , keeping our army 's large and ready have helped avoid global encounters since then . 
   fist the us was at war multiple times since ww2 that 's not what i said . 
  i * did say * that it was the last time we were unprepared , not that we had n't been involved in any combat . 
  even still , nothing on the scale of wwii has occurred largely due to our massive military presence globally . 
  all altercations that have occurred have not been in the u.s. , another benefit of our large military ever since wwii . 
   `` if you have an army , you 'll use it '' contradicsts `` you 'll never need it '' no , it really does n't ; we have n't been attacked since wwii . 
  most of our encounters , whether i agree with them or not , have been policing the world or responding to terrorism . 
  not the same thing as a full-scale war like with wwii . 
  that is the level of escalation to which i am referring . 
   second , when the us was attacked during ww2 , the place that was attacked was anything but militarely weak . 
  the japanese did n't attack some helpless civilian instalation after all . 
  no one said it was weak , but the u.s. was ill-prepared ; we had to start a draft and begin huge assembly lines to mass-produce tanks , ships , planes , etc -- things we did not already have prepared for the scale needed . 
  today , if attacked in a similar scale , we would n't need to suddenly build those things to effectively go to war . 
   finally , the us was attacked since ww2 . 
  by terrorists , but seeing as they reqired two actual wars and a rethorical `` war on terror '' i would say they count . 
  i wholly disagree in this context . 
  some coward bastards hiding explosives is not the same thing as thousands upon thousands of trained military on both sides of the conflict going into full-scale war with one another . 
  legitimate military escalations is n't the same as cowardly actions as a few narrow-minded extremists . 
   when 's the last time that worked ? 
  it has worked for the u.s. ever since wwii , the last time we were unprepared . 
   you spen now because if you need an army and you do n't have an army you already lost . 
  exactly . 
  if you start from behind , you 'll most likely lose . 
  it 's a deterrent ; an expensive one , but a generally effective one . 
  ok , so it 's an * agreed upon recommendation * that obama is speaking to . 
  different word , same intent . 
  is n't there an agreement by all un members to spend a fixed % of gdp but most countries are not meeting that obligation ? 
  that is what obama is speaking to . 
  the point in spending when it 's not needed is to help ensure that it 's never needed . 
  we 're a huge nation , we could let in more people with ease . 
  the jobs that immigrants from mexico typically take are jobs that most americans do n't want to do ; if it 's work in a field for a farmer or go on social services , many americans just go on social services . 
  without mexican labor , our agriculture industry would have a hard time finding replacement labor . 
  but with a realistic immigration process , more of them would be legal , paying taxes , and contributing to society -- something they 'd prefer to do . 
  narrow-minded , uninformed americans would disagree . 
  most economists agree that it would be more beneficial than detrimental . 
   i have no clue how much it would cost to build a wall but i think it would be cheaper than lose money to cheap labor done by illegal immigrants that pay no taxes or anything . 
  that 's the thing . 
  we could * spend less * on all of the above and get more tax revenue if we made the immigration process more reasonable ; people would n't be inclined to enter illegally and they 'd stop being paid under the table and pay taxes like normal . 
  we would n't need a wall or an army of border patrol agents . 
  we 'd spend less * and * get more tax revenue . 
  i 'm not saying `` open the borders ! '', 
  like they did in europe , but making it more of a realistic possibility would go a great distance in achieving what i said above .
