  when i keep seeing replies from you in my inbox , sure . 
  if you 'd stop replying the stupidity would subside . 
  you 're spewing the same nonsense . 
  ca n't comprehend . 
  your entire premise is that i 'm blind . 
  what 's the point in trying to have a reasonable discussion when you 're being willfully ignorant ? 
  hint : there is n't . 
   if you ca n't understand it it 's probably because your ideology , which is abundantly clear from your comment , is blinding you . 
  lol . 
  i 'm blind ? 
  really ? 
  that 's the best you can do ? 
  because the rest of your comment falls flat on its face , misquotes , and ca n't see beyond your own worldview . 
  so , i must be blind . 
  brilliant logic . 
   it also does n't take decades or thousands of dollars as i can attest since i moved to the us legally from europe . 
  this may come as a news flash to you , but the immigration process is not identical for every country 's emigrants into the us . 
   you call mexico a 3rd world country , but i do n't see as holding any real value as a distinction . 
  they are a high middle income country with a high gdp per capita . 
  actually , i said they 're not a * first world county . 
  they 're more 2nd world . 
   just they are too afraid to say it in public . 
  no , the ones that want to say it . 
  others , like myself ( actually a u.s. citizen ) , are against it . 
  and here 's why : our current system of legal immigration is insane . 
  it can take decades and thousands of dollars . 
  right there you 're already eliminating a majority of people that would like to immigrate . 
  if we made the process simpler and realistic , people would do it legally instead of illegal ; if the process was reasonable , people would n't attempt illegal immigration and all of its negative connotations and impacts . 
  all of those illegal immigrants * would rather * be legal , but the fact of the matter is that it was * impossible * for them to do it the legal way . 
  if we grant amnesty , they can suddenly pay taxes and contribute ; they can stop paying rent under the table ; they can give back to the country that they 've adopted . 
  many people want this . 
  kids can stop living in fear that their parents will get hauled off and sent to mexico . 
  a broken system needs a clean slate ; grant amnesty and reform the process to make it a viable option . 
  i do n't want my tax dollars spent on a fucking wall . 
  it does shit . 
  you can dig under walls . 
  you can go through rivers . 
  the wall is n't even the biggest obstacle ; the southern us is deserts , wastelands . 
  crossing them is dangerous , far more challenging than a stupid wall . 
  i want reform for a reasonable process , not a useless wall . 
   is it really so hard to understand ? 
  yes . 
  the current process is ludicrous . 
  it takes decades and thousands of dollars . 
  mexico is n't a first-world country . 
  most people ca n't afford or wait that long with the violence and poverty they 're facing . 
  obviously , they 'd all prefer a legal process , but that is n't an option for millions . 
  just because some better-off-than-average mexicans made it in legally does n't mean that many more should n't have . 
  our process/system for allowing proper immigration is broken . 
  we need to fix that . 
  we should grant amnesty and fix the system so that entering legally is a viable option that outweighs illegal entry . 
  i love these types of posts !, 
  i thought no one was going to show up and protest / smug smile bravo , iceland !, 
  a couple trolls on reddit * an entire continent does not represent * . 
  yes , there are morons on reddit ( yourself included ) . 
  yes , they say terrible , nasty shit ( yourself included ) . 
  but no , they are not representative of the masses !, 
  just like you , yourself , * you are not * representative of americans or any legitimate feeling or viewpoint . 
  your insignificant comments , blind hate , and ignorance does n't lead me to believe everyone you identify with is just as dumb . 
  [ yeah , europeans sure thing that americans deserved to be attacked and die . 
  ] ( http://publisher.attn.com/sites/default/files/wk9f57d.jpg ) you 're a fucking moron . 
  there was no good outcome for the situation that he was handed . 
  they were all shit options . 
  at least with a job and struggling you maintain your dignity . 
  i hope things look up for you . 
  it 's because our economy is infinitely larger and as such we have far more career opportunities ( with benefits at that level ) . 
  so , no , it 's not really a surprise . 
  but i 'm not referring to that level , i 'm speaking about minimum wage workers . 
  we sorta do n't have health care though , that 's the difference that i 'm referring to . 
  people do not usually move to other countries for minimum-wage jobs . 
  it is minimum-wage only two which i 'm referring . 
  what ? 
  president obama did n't initiate the wars in the middle east ... 
  this is one small escalation in the greater scheme of things . 
  i do n't think president obama was * only and specifically * referring to libya . 
  but not everyone qualifies , so baking that in is n't really a true picture of reality . 
  the more highly concentrated places are also more expensive to live . 
  none of that really changes the qualifications for govt . 
  healthcare or the fact that they are n't getting * basic benefits * from their employer , which is the basis of my point . 
  you and i talking about completely different things . 
  you 're questioning the methodology behind the numbers , i 'm stating that the reality of the situation puts people in such circumstances in ireland in a better position than those in the usa , regardless of methodology used to measure where each country stacks up against one another . 
  ---------------- edit : for your question , did you review the sourced url at the top of this comment chain ? 
  actually , about half of states are equal to the federal minimum wage . 
  some are quarter higher , some a dollar or two higher , such as in california , new york , and hawaii ( all pretty expensive places to live ) . 
  even still , regardless of a state 's minimum wage and whether it 's equal to or greater than the federal minimum wage , those jobs still * very rarely * come with any form of benefits and the individuals may not qualify for government healthcare . 
  so i would again rather be in ireland in such circumstances . 
  absolutely , if i were minimum wage worker i would much rather be in ireland than the usa . 
  minimum wage * very rarely * comes with * any * benefits from the employer . 
  state or federal benefits might be possible , but not necessarily . 
  wow . 
  this is so sad and horrific : - /, 
   why would you think that i was saying soldiers decapitate little kids ? 
  because your sentence literally suggested just that . 
  none of those numbers matter when sweden 's technological advances could easily muster victory from afar , never leading allowing hand-to-hand combat . 
  sorry , no . 
  if anything , i think she would be worse than merkel . 
  she 's better connected and has more power now than merkel was before she was elected . 
   she looks to me like a 2nd angela merkel . 
  i could n't agree more : - /, 
  no , it 's putting it realistically .
