  one was an assistant professor of mass media ... how the fuck does someone teaching about mass media think it 's ok to call out for `` muscle '' and `` back up '' to shield away a reporter ?!, 
  it 's mind boggling . 
  i do n't know if that 15 % is correct or not , but arguably it made the difference of survival or not . 
  especially when supplies included spam and other food , which helped save people from starving . 
  if people die from hunger , they ca n't fight or manufacturer anything . 
   spam was one of the many food items sent to the former soviet union by the united states under the lend-lease program first suggested by winston churchill , to which the united states contributed the major portion . 
   with major agricultural regions of the soviet union under enemy occupation , and the unsatisfactory system of distribution and transportation , to say nothing of mismanagement , the soviet state had more than a nodding acquaintance with famine . 
  the usa and other countries supplied russia with many supplies/materials/foods , including loads of spam , to help their efforts . 
  when your constantly retreating deeper into russia with the german advance , you have to give up supply routed , factories , etc along the way -- the supplies from allied forces were essential to their survival , but they did the literal ground work -- which is unarguably the larger sacrifice . 
   spam was one of the many food items sent to the former soviet union by the united states under the lend-lease program first suggested by winston churchill , to which the united states contributed the major portion . 
   with major agricultural regions of the soviet union under enemy occupation , and the unsatisfactory system of distribution and transportation , to say nothing of mismanagement , the soviet state had more than a nodding acquaintance with famine . 
  as an american , this is what baseball feels to me . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's a hobby/part-time job for me . 
  more of a fun/creative outlet that i try have pay for itself by taking occasional jobs . 
  i 'm planning our third visit to see the north part of the rep of ireland and also northern ireland !, 
  so stay with the known terrorist leader and mass murderer instead of the ( relatively ) unknown ? 
  yeah , seems like it 's lose-lose for your average syrian . 
  and the us-russia dick wagging is * really * old . 
  i wish we could just act amicably without the need to flex our military might . 
  lol . 
  okay . 
  whose bitches ? 
  i ca n't disagree with that . 
  but does that make it ok to target them ? 
  are they wanting death to europe/u . s.a. ? 
  are they destroying ancient ruins , monuments , art , etc ? 
  sorry , i do n't give any credit to second-hand experiences cited over the internet . 
  if it was true , that would be an unfortunate experience . 
  but i 'd maintain that your friend had extremely * poor luck , * not the other way around with us having good luck . 
   though for the record i fully support both american and russian action against isis . 
  i do , too , if it were limited to that . 
  but per u.s. and nato , russia is n't only attacking isis , but anyone opposing the syrian leadership -- including rebel forces that the u.s. supports . 
  lol . 
  yes , our two separate trips to ireland where we did n't experience or witness any racism was merely `` luck . '', 
  i have one word for you , too : ** misinformed . 
  so , / r/worldnews is in love with russia for doing this . 
  what 's the thoughts of those in / r/europe ? 
  is this a positive , negative , or neutral thing that russia is doing ? 
  unless i 'm mistaken , those are some pretty big fucking missiles ... 
  thank you !, 
  i hope to return soon  it 's a hard choice between visiting somewhere new or going back to somewhere you know that you loved . 
  i have a hard time believing your friends . 
  my wife is not white and we encountered plenty of other darker skinned peoples that were also traveling . 
  we experienced zero issues and we saw zero issues for other darker skinned travelers . 
  i need to return and thoroughly investigate the two . 
  for science . 
  to be honest , most were consumed too quickly to ever be photographed . 
  those not immediately consumed had to be hidden from my wife , who loved taytos more than i did , 
  haha !, 
  mostly just passing through from dublin to galway  specifically , i wanted to see that castle in the second image ( i love castles ) . 
  there were no signs on the property or beforehand signaling that something was coming up . 
  save for the rusted fence with a name , there was no other indication , plaque , signs , etc about the place . 
  other sites will have markings along the road that you 're approaching an attractions and signs with the name , history , etc around the site itself . 
  this place had none of that . 
  we have the scenery , but we do n't have as good of food , as rich of culture , or as long a history . 
  i love castles and ruins . 
  ca n't get those here : - /, 
  great stories , thank you for sharing !, 
  it would be frightening to be stuck in a bog !, 
  so true !, 
  i 'd take a bag of irish crisps over swiss chocolate any day !, 
  not random at all !, 
   i took all of those with a combination of nikon d800 + tokina 16-28mm f/2 .8 , sigma 35mm f/1 .4 , and nikkor 85mm f/1 .8 lenses + a tripod at times . 
  if i had to pick one lens to travel with , it would be the tokina . 
  it 's an amazing lens !, 
  exactly !, 
  and i 'm very jealous of your ability to simply head out over the weekend to visit the countryside !, 
  unfortunately , it 's several thousand dollars and an 16 hour round trip flight for me and my wife to visit again !, 
  by all means , i 'm not knocking the italian countryside . 
  they 're not exactly apples-to-apples comparisons . 
  it 's just that if i had to pick one to retire in , it would be ireland 's . 
  but honestly , i could be happy in either  someday , you should give the west coast of ireland a shot . 
  i think it would surprise you , 
  see his reply to my comment , he did n't leave dublin . 
  it 's hard to believe until you actually experience it , 
  what areas did you go to ? 
  the only people i know who did n't like ireland are two sisters that visited dublin after studying rome for a year . 
  but they did n't leave dublin and they thought that rome was better . 
  i wo n't disagree that rome  dublin , but it 's not really the same thing to compare and i would state that ireland 's countryside , food , and people  italy 's countryside , food and people . 
  the cities , castles , and ruins , perhaps , but outside of that i would disagree , 
   edit - just seen you missed out on kerry . 
  looks like you 'll have to make a return trip to see the best of the irish countryside !, 
  photos from co. . kerry ( ring of beara , ring of kerry , dingle peninsual , killarney national park , etc ) start after photos of coole park , around half way through the album , 
   the alcohol is excellent as well . 
  i ca n't upvote this enough !, 
  awesome !, 
  way to go cali !, 
  to smoke in a car with kids ? 
  i had no idea !, 
  definitely is n't illegal in nebraska or iowa . 
  excellent !, 
  i wish we would implement that in the states . 
  i can only hope that we will in time . 
  best way to add pressure is to commit , and advocate for others to commit , to avoiding all world cup sponsors . 
  money is the only way they listen . 
  i do not buy from world cup sponsors and i will not watch a world cup held in qatar or any other country that relies on slave labor to make such entertainment possible . 
  it 's unfathomable to me to enjoy watching football knowing full-well that people were forced into difficult situations and even death just for my mere enjoyment of a sport . 
   and a net loss for the other 48 states as less taxes will be paid in nevad if you 're only focusing on today , sure . 
  but nevada anticipates to make $ 8 tomorrow for every $ 1 lost today .
