seriously !, 
  that is a fucking insane risk !, 
  bravo to them , but i hope they lock the doors and sleep with a revolver under a pillow ... 
  correct , my wife is a dual citizen . 
  i know quite a few of dual citizens . 
  maybe none ? 
  they are being highly scrutinized right now i 'm pretty sure anything that was worth finding out wouldve been found out at this point . 
  i understand that . 
  and i would argue that 's no worse than knowingly letting a defective product be released that could cause harm/death , which some us manufacturers have allowed . 
  these vehicles are n't * as environmentally friendly * as advertised , but they 're still a hell of a lot friendlier than the suvs and trucks that loads of americans drive . 
  owning up to the problem immediately and taking steps to correct the wrong go a long way in retaining trust . 
  also , no one was injured or died directly from this lie . 
  unlike other car manufacturer 's problems ... 
  i own a vw and would likely own another , even in light of these events . 
  the epa has stupid high regulations . 
  even though cheating , vw put out one hell of a product . 
  i 'd rather see the epa change more than vw 's products . 
   would isis even have been able to assemble if iraq was n't a barely governed country due to the failed invasion ? 
  yes . 
  their support in the region is fairly strong , at leas to say their opposition is minimal . 
  bin laden was able to thrive for a very long time , as would isis regardless . 
   total  30 % -70 % now you 're just throwing shit to see if it sticks . 
  we got out of iraq due to international and domestic pressure . 
  but it should n't been a joint effort all along , to remove saddam and to stabilize iraq . 
  would it have been better had we never gone to iraq ? 
  but isis could n't started regardless . 
  and we ca n't just saddle up and head back to confront isis , that would be viewed negatively world wide . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  only the members of isis were instrumental in the rise of isis . 
  that 's like saying an abusive husband is only abusive because his wife made him beat her . 
  throw cash at the problem . 
  we 're good at that . 
  that did n't stop vw 's stock from dropping 20 % overnight . 
  best three edits to a comment i 've seen in a long time . 
  seriously . 
  looked like the second lady was getting kicked as she was being dragged off the stage ... 
  flight 's booked !, 
  do n't quit your job , there 's a whole generation of refugees counting on you !, 
  umm , hi , i 'd like to immigrate to germany if the refugees are passing up the chance ... 
  i bring a university degree , financial markets knowledge , and am a contributing member to my local economy and am socially responsible ... am i welcome ? 
   and reached some semi-safe place so germany is semi-safe now ? 
  til . 
  how does that help on the same product sold in the usa vs europe ? 
  if i buy an xbox one game , i 'm not buying a game any different than someone in europe ... 
  they may have better laws protecting the rights of the consumer for that game , causing them to pay more for it , but in reality i 'm paying less but not getting anything less in return for that lack of protection . 
  it 's a form of insurance , i get that , but not all insurance is necessary or justifies the cost . 
  idk , i 'm not a dev . 
  amazon does n't always charge sales tax . 
  i 'm in nebraska and i do n't always pay sales tax when using amazon ( it depends on who i actually bought the product from , amazon or one of the other outlets ) . 
  online retailers that do not have a physical presence in your state are not obligated to charge sales tax . 
  there 's a bill before congress to address this . 
  ehh , you have to do something to trigger an investigation . 
  they do n't just go , `` oh , i think i 'll audit / u/mjconns today . '', 
  they look for suspicious patterns ( you made 20k but you 're a dentist an an area that normally makes 90k or claiming something to reduce your taxes that would be unusual , like business losses when you 've never claimed anything on the business in the past / it is n't registered ) . 
  there 's no way they could track / trigger an audit for sales transactions that are in a different state . 
  my state has no way of knowing if i shopped in another state or not . 
  that 's something the states are concerned with , though , not the federal level/irs . 
  yes , but there 's no sales tax that matches or comes close to your vat . 
  the net price paid is still cheaper in the u.s. 
  for the end consumer , it 's a breeze . 
  the only people i know that complain about sales tax are in the dev world . 
  there 's a sales tax ( vat ) on anything bought/sold in that state , if the state has a sales tax ( some do n't , most do ) . 
  there can be exceptions , though , when it comes to internet sales . 
  there 's no unified sales tax law for online transactions if the company is located in a different state than the consumer . 
  if the company has no physical location in the state of the consumer , you can avoid paying the sales tax ( although , there 's a proposed bill in congress to change this ) . 
  when filing your annual taxes , you 're supposed to claim items bought in another state for which you did not pay taxes on in your own state . 
  but no one does . 
  very nice , thank you for sharing !, 
  which is your favorite ? 
  so that kid posted in today i fucked up ... https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3grpdf/tifu_by_getting_reddit_banned_in_russia/, 
  well , iirc , the girls were arrested in the end ... 
  unfortunately , facts get swept under the rug for a good story . 
  and greece as the victim is a much better story to sell . 
  i completely empathize with them , but nobody forced him into this situation . 
  it definitely is unfortunate for the average greek citizen . 
  it 's a deep pit to climb out of , with no easy solution in sight . 
  i do n't think people are realizing the true cons of a yes or no vote , and voting on what * appears easiest today * , and not what 's best for tomorrow . 
  it 's very easy for us humans to get caught up in immediate gratification of circumstances , which is what i believe the `` no '' vote is . 
  i hope the best for them , i really do , i just do n't believe you can casually blame `` predatory lending '' when all such deals are a two-way negotiation . 
  especially coming from someone in spain , whose country 's affairs are * not all of that different * from greece 's . 
  i like his viewpoint , from a storytelling perspective , but in my honest opinion it 's just that : partial fabrication to tell a story , yielding unwarranted pity for greece . 
  nations of this size do n't accidentally fall victim to predatory lending . 
  it takes two parties to agree to the loan . 
  if it was * that bad * of a deal , they do n't take it . 
  go to a new lender . 
  if no one is giving you a good deal , do n't take any loan . 
  if you have to take a loan , then you already made mistakes to get to that point . 
  if lenders were offering less favorable rates for greece , that 's because greece is a high risk . 
  you are asking someone for * their * money , and they will base the rates on how risky you are . 
  this is true world-wide . 
  if you do n't like that , then do n't take someone else 's money . 
  you ca n't agree to the terms and then cry over it when you ca n't make good on your promise . 
  you accepted the terms , accepted the money and spent it , but did n't do the necessary things to ensure you could pay it back , * like you agreed * . 
  in the end , the `` predatory '' lending was right to think greece high risk . 
  he did respond just as you did , it would appear that he wishes spain would follow a similar path and vote `` no , '' at least that 's my inference : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c6bul/greek_referendum_megathread/csszd9f, 
  thank you for the response . 
  i disagree with elements , but i respect your opinion and effort to thoroughly answer the question, 
  sorry for the ignorance , but why does spain want a `` no '' vote ? 
  but the case may not have been strong enough for the us to get involved in the past . 
  if you have n't noticed/read , the officials being targeted are involved in us/concacaf relations with fifa .
