  that 's not an excuse you simpleton . 
  that is an admission . 
   you are no better than the closet jewish holocaust denier . 
  godwin 's law !, 
   `` the nazis behavior was vile but they did n't really want to kill off the jews . 
  it was because of disease and starvation . 
  the germans really wanted to deport the jews to other countries '' . 
  the nazi 's wanted the jews out of their country , and out of all europe . 
  they were more than willing to resort to genocide in order to achieve this . 
  this is not relevant to our discussion . 
   yes . 
  the biggest slavers were the british empire . 
  yes , in a time when the major european powers were enslaving africans and transporting them . 
  i will admit that the british managed to do this more efficiently than the others . 
   because of selfish financial interests . 
  people in britain risked their lives to fight for the emancipation of slaves . 
  normal working class folk boycotted sugar and other products made in plantations from slave labour . 
  pick up a history book simpleton . 
  you are an angry little british hater without the guts to type this on your own account . 
  very typical . 
   and once again , you sound like a jewish holocaust denier your historical knowledge is too limited to escape the nazi regime . 
  you are not equipped to have this conversation . 
   it 's not redundant because the british killed more people from 1933 to 1945 than the nazis did ... 
  millions of south asians were starved to death during the british caused bengal famine . 
  aha , you have finally outed yourself !, 
  again this is a typical comment seen here on reddit from uneducated indian debaters who do not realise that the bengal famine was the result of the japanese invasion of burma and not the result of deliberate british policy . 
  and for the record leo amery 's diary is not evidence of churchill deliberately starving the indians . 
   the vast majority of humans would choose to go back in time and wipe out the brutal and savage british than the brutal and savage nazis . 
  the vast majority of the world would be wrong and can attribute their good fortune that they do not live under the nazi boot heel to the brave british who defended the principles of civilisation in the face of such threats . 
  it has been wonderful conversing with you tonight in the english language . 
  they claim that winston churchill sanctioned genocide against the indian population . 
  many irish also state allegations against the british state as being fact . 
  it happens all the time and is scooped up by the ill informed . 
  perfect video to show this contradiction . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peq2cqmul4c `` am i proud of the british history ? 
  no because a lot of it is to do with colonisation '' `` i 'm quite critical of how the outcome of world war 1 resulted in the break-up of the ottoman state , and the ottoman state is something which i seek more pride and honour in '' it 's a perfectly natural , if contradictory reaction . 
  he celebrates the brutal but glorious history of the people he feels more affiliated with , and criticises the other one that defeated his people . 
  no , the us can not be proud of its contribution to ww2 because it put asian people in camps . 
  as somebody who is well versed in the history of the british empire , i am bemused by the amount of irish and indian people i see online constantly making falsified statements about what britain has done . 
  it 's a shame more british people do n't know their own history as it would allow them to respond to some of the outrageous claims that get made about british history . 
   british committed more and greater genocides than the nazis . 
  no they did not . 
  that 's not to say that the behaviour of the british in regards to populations such as the aboriginal australians was n't vile . 
  i would suggest the nazi 's records on human rights violations was not limited by their good will . 
   british enslaved more people than the nazis . 
  yes , the british in the 1700 's enslaved more people than the nazi 's did in 1933-1945 . 
  however it must be pointed out that british domination of the seas oversaw one of the largest expansions of human emancipation in world history . 
   british killed far more people than the nazis ... british stole more property , land , wealth , etc than the nazis . 
  this is a rather redundant point seeing as ` the british ' have been around for over 300 years whereas the nazis were in power for around 12 . 
  lots of ` piratas ' comments, 
  not sure what that has to do with my comment ? 
  most of the ira were from the uk . 
  of course i 'm involved . 
  these people are going to be moving around europe 's open borders one day . 
  i 'll continue to state my opinion as i please . 
   over juncker : everything he does can be changed with a vote during the european elections . 
  last of which were in may 2014 . 
  i 'd love to hear you try and break this down for me . 
   and about the rest : again , it 's not your choice to be made yes , we have already established this . 
   i did n't elect her , and i voted against merkel , but she 's democratically elected , and over 70 % still think she should n't resign other people 's opinions of merkel have no bearing on my own . 
   your opinion is not in any way relevant and just arrogant here . 
  your opinion about my opinion is not in any way relevant . 
  i 'll have my opinions and i will express them . 
  you seem to be rather irritated by this . 
  may i suggest you get over this ? 
   well , you have no authority over merkel i 'm giving my opinion . 
  she must go for the good of germany . 
   over juncker , you do no , i do not . 
   in the same way as i do n't say `` obama has to go '' or `` cameron has to hang '' i 'll say what i like thank you very much . 
  she must go because her handling of this refugee situation has been a complete disaster . 
  if germany enjoys watching societal decline then of course they should keep her in , if they care about the future of their country however , they would force her out . 
   says who ? 
  me , obviously . 
   even the parties that want to get rid of merkel could only find one in 3 germans that would be not supporting her . 
  even in far-right circles 70 % + are supporting her . 
  no , this wo n't happen . 
  none of that makes any difference to my statement . 
  merkel must go . 
  not really https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flhfxikysk4, 
  well her dad is british but i agree it 's silly . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it 's ignorance more than an actual attempt to purposely claim irish stars as being british . 
   so can tall people ? 
  yes , but it 's far more difficult to do that when you 're 7 ' 6 . 
   exactly my point . 
  how many famous athlete midgets are there ? 
  most people are n't athletes . 
  in day to day life i 'm sure it 's far easier for a short person toi navigate around than it is for a really tall person . 
  british politicians have destroyed those parts of east london . 
   in terms of deviation from `` normal '' being tall is a lot better than short . 
  short people can get by though . 
  they can experience life to some degree . 
   i mean wilt chamberlain and other basketball players seem to get along fine . 
  not really . 
  the bbc said conor mcgregor was the first champion from the republic of ireland and uk . 
  they were n't trying to ` claim him ' , it 's just stupidity more than anything . 
  i 'm about 6 ' 3 and i constantly got comments about my height growing up . 
  7 ' 6 is something else . 
  you 'll never fit under a door way and probably wo n't be able to stand in most buildings . 
  you 're completely unable to live life the way most other people do . 
  generally speaking , somebody of that height is inevitably going to be a social outcast .
