   lol . 
  dude , seriously ... 
  the british effectively ruled india for hundreds of years . 
  there are many similarities between us . 
  i see no reason why india can not work towards joining the eu ? 
   the so-called `` national states '' are not made up by actual `` nations '' , but mostly by the weddings of a bunch of inbreed monarchs . 
  why does a nations origin matter so much ? 
  the common cultural and ethical idea of europe surely has its origins in nations that you say are made from the weddings of inbred monarchs . 
  so does that then de-legitimize the idea of the eu ? 
  sure . 
  same culture , same ethical values . 
  india ? 
  not so much . 
  how is india different ? 
  india is arguably more similar to the uk in many respects than poland . 
   a random territory what is europe by your definition ? 
  europe is a random territory . 
  in my opinion , the uk is not a random territory . 
  it 's a nation built up over the past 300 years . 
  britain is different to france . 
  ireland is different to ukraine . 
  pretending that these differences are negligible is exactly why people will reject the eu . 
   europe ( as in , its peoples ) surely you do n't accept the premise of `` europe '' ? 
  it 's just a random territory absolutely indistinguishable from the americas . 
  by your definition , the existence of the european union makes no sense . 
  why not invite australia ? 
  why not invite india ? 
  how about new zealand ? 
  it sounds to me that your dream is that of a one world government . 
   but that is just me being an idealist . 
  i am realist enough to know that it will probably not happen anytime soon . 
  centuries of nationalistic propaganda do not vanish that quickly . 
  yes that 's right , anybody that disagrees with you at all does so under the guise of nationalism . 
  that 's a great way of stripping the legitimacy of an opposing view . 
  oh the irony . 
   catalan independence would be really good , same goes for scottish independence . 
  for who ? 
  not for me . 
  i 'm british and i value the united kingdom . 
  i do n't want to see the break up of my country . 
  despite what you read on reddit , the majority of scots feel the same as me . 
  the european union should be able to operate perfectly regardless of the size of countries it contains . 
  if it does n't , then it should n't exist . 
  i despise this urge to carve up nations and make them small and dependent on the eu . 
  are you really surprised people are euroskeptic when so many of you are advocating the dilution of member states ? 
  i agree . 
  i also think that esa is a great way to foster european unity . 
  english . 
  not american english , but english english . 
  learn to converse like a gentleman . 
   how is this shit getting upvoted ?? 
  it made me laugh , assuming the author was being sarcastic . 
  this is how fucking pathetic this section has become . 
  downvoted for stating the basic free market capitalist principles . 
  idiots . 
  more than it currently is . 
  which is already a lot . 
  i feel like you have a typical butthurt socialist outlook . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't greedy fuckers out there , but it seems like you feel entitled to a greater share of what people earn , which i disagree with . 
  yes every single wealthy person in the uk has off shore accounts . 
   would you call an indian born in britain a bombay bullshitter or a west indian a fakin ' jamaican ? 
  yes . 
  i 'm somebody that has irish roots and has visited the country . 
  it 's absolutely pathetic ( especially for people who are removed by many generations ) to claim they are irish . 
  you 're not . 
  the u.s is the worst because the plastic paddies there usually espouse such notions of patriosm whilst being of multiple different ethnic backgrounds . 
  all it takes is an irish great grandfather and all of a sudden you 're reminiscing on stories of the famine . 
  they already pay a lot of tax though . 
   if i was as rich as them i would n't care . 
  it sounds like that 's your real problem . 
   because it means less taxes , which they would have to pay . 
  and they do n't want that because they 're greedy and selfish . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  get a grip you lunatic . 
  people do n't want to lose half the money they earn to the state . 
   the us most assuredly stuck the knife into the back of the british empire at suez in 1956 , when c. 250 million english speaking americans replaced the international overreach that was for a time exercised by c. 50 million brits . 
  and then almost instantly ended up regretting it during the cold war ... 
  [ usa , a friend that bullies us is no longer a friend ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=witlm2py_a4 ) one day ... one day . 
   since 1881 , with addition in 1972 , the law say [ rough translation ] : `` it 's forbidden to provoke discrimination , hate or violence toward a people or a group of peoples because of theirs origins , belonging to an ethnic group , a nation , a race or a specific religion '' . 
  according to such a law , every bible and qu ` ran in france must be banned . 
  yet they are not . 
  if i suggest that people who believe in these man made religions are fools , am i contributing to the hatred of religious groups ? 
  am i breaking the law ? 
  as long as you are not threatening people or continually harrassing them , i think it should all be allowed . 
  the us seems to almost have the right balance . 
  @ 11:40 she speaks to mend ( muslim engagement and development ) yet she does n't mention the fact that their director of engagement [ azad ali ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/azad_ali ) was caught saying the following : * `` democracy , if it means at the expense of not implementing the sharia , of course no-one agrees with that '' * i believe this is also of interest  in 2009 , ali was suspended as a civil servant in the treasury after he praised abdullah yusuf azzam , osama bin laden 's key mentor , and wrote approvingly on his blog of azzam 's son saying that as a muslim he is religiously obliged to kill british soldiers in iraq . 
  in the blog he also criticised the british foreign secretary david miliband after the minister had condemned the palestinian muslim militant organisation hamas for encouraging attacks on israeli civilians . 
  the expos\u00e9 was by the mail on sunday , whom ali unsuccessfully sued in 2010 . 
  later that year , the labour party were accused by the opposition conservatives of appearing with ali to gain muslim votes , after two labour ministers , harriet harman and ed miliband , spoke at a campaign event with ali . 
  he used his speech to praise the muslim militant groups hamas and hezbollah you can read about this `` organisation '' here : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/general-election-2015/11515630/muslim-group-with-links-to-extremists-boasts-of-influencing-election.html and it is highly likely that after today a political party will get into power in the uk who state in their manifesto :  we will take a zero-tolerance approach to hate crime , such as anti-semitism and islamophobia . 
  we will challenge prejudice before it grows , whether in schools , universities or on social media . 
  and we will strengthen the law on disability , homophobic , and transphobic hate crime . 
  whilst at the same time they will strengthen the `` prevent '' programme that the young man complains about  to defeat the threats of islamist terrorism , we must also engage with the personal , cultural and wider factors that turn young people to extremism . 
  the prevent programme was set up under the last labour government to stop young people becoming radicalised . 
  but this government has cut the funding and narrowed its focus . 
  much of the work to engage muslim communities has been lost . 
  we will overhaul the programme to involve communities in countering extremist propaganda , stopping young people being groomed , and also building resilient institutions for social integration . 
  we applaud those faith communities who have pioneered an inter-faith dialogue for the common good . 
  we 're heading for disaster . 
  to the stars bulgaria , to the stars .
