   do people who volunteer to fight for any cause that france as a state is principally against remove themselves from their `` frenchness '' ? 
  when that cause is an islamic death cult then the answer is yes . 
  the point is these people from europe who go to fight for isis just are n't part of the countries they were born in . 
  they are completely removed both culturally and civically from their host nations . 
  trying to view these people through the spectrum of `` french '' or `` british '' nationals is ultimately useless . 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  what do you think the eventual goal of the eu is ? 
  it 's futher integration . 
  it 's ironic because the arguments put forward in favour of retaining your sovereignty go completely out of the window when you want to join a union that will also take away your national sovereignty . 
   for what it 's worth , i 've never met a scot or someone from northern ireland who acted like that . 
  can you show us the fb groups of these whining brits ? 
  citation not needed . 
  it 's just one of those remarks you can make about ukip without usually being challenged on the subject . 
  the opposite is also true . 
  it really does n't matter how bad immigration is for our country , the main political parties and their dogmatic followers will continue to advocate mass immigration and continue to repeat the mantra `` diversity is good ... kebab shops '' etc. 
  there 's something hilariously ironic about scotland voting for `` independence '' so that they can join the eu which is heading inevitably toward federalisation . 
  in england the jewish community just does n't seem to be prominent enough to attract hatred if i 'm honest . 
  i just do n't ever hear any antisemitic language or people ever talking about them as a community outside of politics . 
  strange that an attack like this would happen in north london . 
   also , they 're both racists so are you . 
  i mean , you may not outwardly express any racist opinions , but i have decided that you are probably concealing them and therefore you are dangerous . 
   however , even a 1 % chance of fascists taking power is 8 % too much . 
  ukip are not fascists . 
  they are as far from fascism as it is possible to get . 
  of course i 'm perfectly aware that when you say fascist you are not using it in the literal sense of a system of government ( haha who does that ? ), 
  but in a much more lazy way of subtly implying some kind of relationship between controlled borders and six million dead jews . 
  why is this argument never used against any party on the left ? 
  the uk labour party are trying to build a communist state . 
  although they do n't advocate for such a thing , i see that some of their rhetoric is used by communist organisations which means they are probably revolutionary communists deep down but forced into masquerading as good old social democrats ( / s , in case you were wondering ) . 
  in three paragraphs you have repeated the same sentiment that you have failed to provide any evidence for . 
  the crux of your argument comes down to * `` ukip are the same as golden dawn , they are just pretending not to be '' * ( to which , once again , is merely your opinion and not supported by any evidence ) and that * they may actually hold power * ( which given that your former argument is based on a fallacy , renders itself redundant ) . 
   on the other ukip has managed to make racist rhetoric appear reasonable . 
  they do n't require voters to follow them into the murky dumps of hatred like gd , because they 've given hatred a face life and brought it into the mainstream . 
  and voters are falling for it , because it allows them to indulge their worst side without feeling guilty . 
  this seems to be an accusation that is levelled by people who hold contempt for the nation state . 
  the primary function of government is the defence of the realm , and it is therefore logical and reasonable that this should include defence of our borders . 
  this is what really seems to rile people about ukip . 
  behind all the accusations of `` waycism '' and `` hitler '' is the anomisty that they do not believe in european unity and that they both oppose and criticise mass immigration . 
  that 's the reason some simpletons want to compare them to golden dawn . 
  it 's merely a tactic to demonise people they disagree with . 
   the tories introduced gay marriage . 
  it never ceases to amaze me how brilliantly the conservative party manage to fool the naive and gullible people of britain . 
  more conservatives voted against the bill than voted for it . 
  david cameron voted against the repeal of section 28 and accused tony blair of trying to promote homosexuality in schools and destroy family values . 
  everything in his background suggested he opposed gay marriage up until he was leader . 
   ukip is not an average conservative party . 
  tories are the average conservative party . 
  could you please provide me with a definition as to what exactly constitutes an `` average conservative party '' ? 
  thanks , i 'll be waiting . 
   edit : also , as somebody who is both greek and english , yes , gd are rabid loons , but ukip is far , far more dangerous . 
  explain . 
  this should be fun . 
  rightwing ultra nationalists gulp !, 
  originally there were left wing protest mobs who turned up crying about how the show was going to be racist etc. 
  this is how it ended : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-5xtbyul68, 
  this seems to be a common myth that is perpetuated by the celts . 
  i 've never faced any bother or discrimination in regards to being english . 
  although apparently every scottish/irish/welsh person has a story about receiving special treatment on account of not being english . 
  from such stories it 's amazing that we 're not being genocided all across europe . 
   give all who want it dual citizenship and take away one of the biggest artificial reasons for people who are `` brothers '' and communities to hate one another . 
  you 're going to take away hate by forcing people out of their country and into another country they do n't want to be a part of ? 
  perhaps you are being deliberately ignorant , but the vast majority of people in northern ireland are n't marching on parades and fighting their neighbours . 
  they are normal people getting on with their lives . 
  growing up i was against any notions of patriotism and saw it as a very crass thing . 
  back then i was very secure in my own identity and the identity of my country . 
  as somebody that was internationalist-minded , i could afford to scoff at the stuffy views of people who thought through the narrow lens of nationality . 
  the more i lived in ` multicultural london ' the more i realised the importance of identity and the comfort one can attain through the confidence of being part of a majority group , be it ethnicity or culture ( the two are highly co-dependent ) . 
  people laud the creation of this multicultural state , how many foreign born citizens it contains , how many languages are spoken etc but they seem to forget that this is not a transition that is happening on some new piece of land . 
  this is a transition that has been taking place in a city that had its own history , had its own set of cultures and had its own potential future before it was eradicated through a series of government policies that the people were never consulted on . 
  this great replacement has completely altered my views on issues such as patriotism . 
  most people claim to be internationalist and non-patriotic in an envisioned world where everything essentially remains the same other than some brown skinned folk practicing their religions discreetly . 
  this is not how our great european multicultural project is going to pan out . 
  i never felt european at all until i started to understand the history of western civilisation , and how my country was a product of its thinking and development . 
  i now feel very european , but i see the european union as the very antithesis of europeanism , a noose around the neck of a dying continent that seems very laissez-faire about its own demise . 
  it is horrendously bureaucratic and eager to crush dissenting voices . 
  furthermore it foregoes the one thing that is important to any feelings of loyalty , and that is identity . 
  how can i feel any loyalty to an institution whose values seek to further remove my identity ? 
  in a consumer society where we seem to value material possessions above religion , civic duty or have any other guiding sense of destiny , native european people seem to have little time for notions of patriotism or national solidarity . 
  it 's almost a throwback to a bygone age that bears no relevance to who we are now . 
  i think that we have discarded it at our own peril . 
  what an announcement that would be for the taoiseach to make at the easter rising commemoration . 
  or you 're just waving the flag of your country . 
  it 's important to realise that there are many muslims who despise organisations such as isis but are still perfectly radical and extreme in their views . 
  being opposed to isis is certainly not synonymous with being opposed to islamism . 
   these sort of people would be immediately arrested in a place like saudi arabia . 
  so then why are they free to do this in the west ? 
  because it 's not saudi arabia, 
  only rebels write constitutions \\* spits on ground *, 
  many allegations against the state in regards to its ` collusion ' are either unfounded or not backed by anything significant . 
  it seems that many irish people choose to focus on these allegations as a proven truth . 
  they 're not connected to the eu . 
  allowing hundreds of thousands and possibly millions of muslims into a europe that has open borders however will boost the muslim demographic and inevitably boost the extremist population also . 
  that is n't a reason for wanting more . 
   yes they did . 
  australia is no where near britain . 
  canada is no where near britain . 
  and yet , they are full of non-aboriginal and non-native peoples . 
  britain is full of non-indigenous people . 
  they did n't genocide their way here . 
   stop with your fucking excuses or rationalizations .
