  stay out of england and whilst we 're on the subject stay out of europe . 
   because i do n't know how scotland would decide . 
  because they ca n't ( yet ) . 
  they 're a part of the united kingdom , you absolute simpleton . 
  they 're pissed off about your perceived victimhood status that makes you constantly root against the english . 
   i do n't see why the fact that it was the barons who imposed the magna carta changes anything , really . 
  owen jones has been commissioned to write an article against what the conservatives have been saying recently regarding `` british values '' . 
  there has been little discussion in the guardian about the recent `` trojan horse '' school scandals , they are instead trying to find something else to whine about so they can avoid this uncomfortable topic . 
  i do n't know why this is even in / r/europe, 
  i agree with that philosophy , i 'm just making the point that the way british expats decide to live should n't figure into what we demand of people living here . 
  for what it 's worth , i happen to believe anybody moving to another country should learn the language . 
  that 's a no-brainer . 
   however if we 're going to demand that in our country then all our expats living in spain/france . ect should do the same . 
  people living in spain and france should follow the etiquette of their respected countries and do what is expected of them . 
  your comment is exemplary of this issue . 
  there is absolutely no reason for you to bring up what british people are doing in spain or france ... yet you still feel the need to bring them up . 
  it 's about to start . 
  you can watch it here live : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6hy8kyedja, 
  how scotland fares in the uk is irrelevant for these people . 
  they are nationalists through and through . 
  i 'm reading andrew carnegie 's autobiography at the moment and he harpers on a great deal about how fantastic scotland is . 
  the same is true for sean connery 's autobiography `` being a scot '' . 
  many pages are dedicated to the genius of scotland . 
  there seems to be a certain strand of scottishness that is fiercely nationalist . 
  i 'm about to start it !, 
   nowhere did i state that the entire uk was like that in some ways you did when you replied :  * you 've managed to piss off the xenophobes and the brits in the same paragraph ( and one i agree with wholeheartedly at that ) . 
  * to the statement :  maybe the island should accept the empire is gone you have a strong dislike for ukip . 
  you are entitled to dislike them . 
  however it is a weak claim to suggest that people who assert that the uk should leave the european union do so because they are nostalgic for empire . 
  one could just as easily make the argument that those who support the formation of a more integrated european union do so reminscent of the power of old european empires . 
   maybe the island should accept the empire is gone maybe you should accept that people in the uk have accepted that the empire has gone , rather than iterating a rather pathetic and much overused insult ? 
   this is n't really complicated and i 'm nearly certain that you do realise that racism as used in this context is a synonym for bigotry right , but we 're talking about an oxford professor known for his criticism of religion making an entirely valid point . 
  to conflate casual bigotry with what dawkins said shows a complete lack of critical thinking , triggered by the great sense of enjoyment people ( especially the media classes ) seem to derive from accusing others of racism , even when there are no sufficient grounds to do so . 
   or islamophobia or non-muslimphobia ...  yet for some reason ( as many actual racists coincidentally do ) you choose to focus your energy on nitpicking the word apart perfectly illustrating my previous point , a rather pathetic accusation of racism made against / u/igelkotten , suggesting that his language is '' * coincidentally * '' reminiscent of other racists . 
  the cycle never ends . 
  editorialised title there . 
  the average person is n't concerned in the slightest with the nsa revelations or european governments collusion in this . 
  sad but true . 
   because there is a sensible discussion to be had on inter eu immigration . 
  whenever i hear people appealing for a sensible discussion regarding immigration it seems that what they actually wish to do is stop any negative criticism of our immigration system . 
  i think the language has been entirely sensible thus far . 
   but doing that by saying thatso many romanians and bulgarians will come to the uk that it will capsize/theyre all criminals , is a moronic thing to say . 
  it makes cameron look like the politicallightweight when has he suggested that all romanians or bulgarians are criminals ? 
  he has n't . 
  you demand a sensible discussion about immigration yet use flimsy and over exaggerated language . 
  your dislike for cameron has left you projecting false political stances onto him . 
  your post makes no sense . 
  in what way are we picking on them ? 
  * to think of these stars that you see overhead at night , these vast worlds which we can never reach . 
  i would annexe the planets if i could ; i often think of that . 
  it makes me sad to see them so clear and yet so far . 
   you might gather that i am against the english language as sole official language of europe . 
  it makes perfect sense to implement english as the official language though . 
  quite an abusive response to somebody who was just pointing out that it 's against the spanish constitution . 
  no , i 'm simply making the point that i witness most of those crass generalisations about regions in the debate about scottish independence . 
   it really irritates me when people from outside the uk think that we are all spoken for by middle england and the south east . 
  please keep your crass generalisations about `` middle england '' to topics regarding scottish independence . 
  no use for it here . 
  nothing of value lost . 
   he 's implying a bigger entity than the guilty part is guilty . 
  yes , a 7th century ideology can be guilty of causing hatred towards gay people . 
   mature . 
  your unjust accusation of racism does not deserve a serious response . 
   it 's just ... your argument is the same as saying being a nazi is a german thing . 
  how is his argument even remotely similar to that ? 
  he is criticising people who say that this attitude is only cultural and not something that is directly related to the scripture of the qu ` ran . 
  that 's not even remotely the same as claiming nazism is a german thing . 
   do n't deteriorate to racism just because of idiots . 
  oh do fuck off . 
  that is very cool . 
   `` we found that a few people did not understand whether or not the uk was a member of the eu . '', 
  slightly blown out of proportion . 
  i feel like getting my camera and going out onto the streets of london and questioning people about the european union . 
  ask them the difference between the european council , the european commission , the european parliament etc. 
  my guess is 90 % of the public has absolutely no clue about how the eu operates , despite it being on the news constantly . 
  genuine question , why are you here ? 
  you live in this country , then you must pay taxes . 
  therefore you are supporting the united kingdom 's foreign policy in the middle east . 
  you can cry about it as much as you like , but you support this through taxation . 
  you say you have lived in greater countries than the uk , then why are you here ? 
  as an eu citizen you can live anywhere in europe . 
  your case is very atypical . 
  pissed off muslim bitching about the uk 's foreign policy ... but chooses to live ... in the uk . 
  for the record , islamic states do not make great powers . 
  iran suffers from a serious brain drain where the educated flee . 
  homosexuals are executed . 
  it 's not ever going to be a `` great power '' . 
  stop living in a fantasy land . 
   what an idiot , everybody makes spelling errors , the only difference is that twats like you . 
  that sentence makes no sense . 
   really ? 
  because that would be impossible . 
  i neither like america or al-qaeda . 
  they 're both doing the same shit . 
  for a guy who trawls around my post history you do n't seem to know anything . 
  you 're level of knowledge of me politics and it 's complexities are mediocre at best . 
  this is the kind of shit that you know nothing about . 
  either go and learn or shut up about it . 
  no one likes an idiot who pretends to be an expert on something they blatently know nothing about . 
  the middle east is shit because of religious theocracies .
