   fucking nowhere did i claim that it 's ok to assume people who make criticisms against islam are racist . 
  you said `` the criticizers are usually racist '' which is an absolutely ridiculous thing to suggest . 
  you 're making that very assumption in your post for goodness sake !, 
   `` if the criticisms of islam are hijacked by neo-nazis , the same way white pride movements were hijacked by neo-nazis , you 'll be associated with other racists '' why does neo nazis hating islam mean criticism of islam is completely tarred ? 
  nobody assumes you are a fascist for hating communism , yet plenty of fascists despise communism . 
  you are attempting to weasel your way out of what you have said . 
   you can judge the organization by who supports them many of their members are not racists . 
  does that mean you 're willing to accept they 're not racist ? 
   you are n't of course i am . 
  you claim it 's ok to assume people who make criticisms against islam are racist ( unless proven otherwise ) . 
  your justification for this is that racist people criticise islam . 
  that 's exactly the same as saying people who hate communism are fascists because fascists hate communism . 
  it makes no sense and it 's a ridiculous position to hold . 
  they 're not neo nazis . 
  anybody can join . 
  do some racist shitheads turn up at their marches ? 
  sure . 
  to claim they are a neo nazi organisation is incorrect . 
   what ? 
  what does that have anything to do with what i wrote ? 
  what does white pride have to do with what i wrote ? 
  i 'm simply using that analogy to show how false your logic is . 
   criticism of islam is also being hijacked by neo-nazis like bnp and edl , and other far-right groups . 
  claiming that the edl are `` neo nazis '' also displays your lack of expertise in the subject . 
   if criticism of islam is hijacked by neo-nazis , you 'll associated with them too . 
  fascists hate communism . 
  therefore if you hate communism , you 're a fascist . 
  ridiculous logic . 
   if the anti-islam criticisms are n't hijacked by neo-nazis , you wo n't be associated with racists , but if it 's , you 'll be . 
  and probably me too . 
  makes absolutely no sense . 
  i have great admiration for people who stand up and speak out against islam . 
  i view them to be rational and somewhat prescient people . 
  i think of ethno-nationalists . 
   there 's nothing wrong with criticizing islam , but the ones who criticize it , or oppose it , are usually racist . 
  i disagree with that assertion . 
  everybody should have the right to criticise islam without having to clear themselves of the inevitable accusation of racism . 
  it 's pathetic that you are presumed guilty of racism until you can grovel and convince others that you 're not before making an entirely legitimate point . 
  tough times for people who owned black irish wolfhounds . 
  eastern europeans stealing fish ? 
  kind of made me laugh . 
   the uk over colonialism , ireland etc. . 
  the uk stopped annexing different territories a long time ago . 
  israel continues to violate international law to this day . 
  i never implied that they should n't be allowed to determine their own future ... 
  fun fact : assad 's wife is british . 
  at no point did i indicate i was a nationalist . 
  anybody that does not want to see the dissolution of the nation state is a nationalist now ? 
  are there not corrupt countries in the eu ? 
   they eat fish & chips in india ? 
  redundant and cheap rebuttal . 
  you want to see a one world government . 
  i , and the majority of people , do not wish to see this . 
   but westminster is too big , too centralised , too steeped in history and tradition to allow diversity . 
  this means absolutely nothing . 
   unless we go anarchist i think most people agree that government should exist at some level . 
  why not have it smaller and closer to where the people live for whom decisions are being made instead of where king inbred the 6th held court 500 years ago ? 
  so you will be opting for glasgow independence if the yes campaign is successful ? 
   honestly , in my opinion it is . 
  there are clear divides between life in london and life in the rengland . 
  to insist that everyone shares the same tax band and rates and elects the same big , centralised government just because of an historical accident of where the border falls is silly . 
  so not only do you want to break up the uk , you want to see the break up of england . 
  how do you propose we break it up ? 
  do we have to have a limit for the amount of people that can live in a country ? 
  what happens if a country exceeds that quota ? 
  deportation ? 
  concentration camps ? 
  this whole argument is fucking stupid . 
   no , but after scottish independence the north of england , wales , will really start to consider their options . 
  westminster will either change to give power to the regions ( something it has failed to do for scotland like it failed to do for ireland ) , or it will fail as a system of government . 
  i 'm not sure if you remember , but there was a huge recession . 
  there 's no money to pay for the socialist utopia i assume you desire . 
  scotland and wales have devolved parliaments for goodness sake . 
   its just all a very random concept . 
  no it 's not . 
  the uk was formed because scotland was almost bankrupt due to its failed colonies and england was paranoid about a french invasion . 
  it 's nice to see you agree with me that how a nation is formed does not matter . 
   you really want to stop saying that and go to india first . 
  seriously . 
  drinking tea and playing cricket is not enough . 
  parliamentary democracy , the english language , cuisine etc. 
  we are very similar in many respects . 
   scotland does not have that from the uk government erm , yes it does . 
  how does the uk government prevent scottish culture from existing ? 
   now that the eu exists , what is the point of the uk ? 
  it prevents us from doing stupid things , like joining the eurozone . 
   what is the point of france , germany ? 
  the age of the big nations has ended . 
  what 's the point of small nations ? 
  i see no reason by your rationale that scotland should exist . 
  england is a large nation of 50-something million people . 
  is that too big for the eu ? 
  does england have to carve itself up to meet your desired quota ? 
  what happens if millions of bulgarians and romanians come to england ? 
  would england have to kick them out in case it grows too large ? 
  it 's ridiculous . 
   the national states are just a random artifact that appeared along the way because a bunch of inbreed rulers were marrying each other . 
  i 'm still yet to be convinced how this negates the idea of nationhood . 
  it does n't matter how a nation came into existence . 
  i 'm not sure why this seems to bother you so much ?
