   and yet these are the very people who are supposed to be allowed a vote on it . 
  laughable . 
  `` democracy 's a bitch '' . 
   anyone who has a problem with muslims living in the uk is a bigot and should be deported . 
  intolerance should not be tolerated . 
  well that sounds ... how do i put it ... rather bigoted and intolerant . 
  what next ? 
  deport people who think that islam is a horrible religion ? 
  deport people who use blasphemous language . 
  in your crusade for tolerance , you inevitably turn into the very antithesis of this . 
  i see this quite often . 
   you agree that both papers share the same views . 
  good , then we have nothing further to discuss about it . 
  fortunately for you , we do have more to discuss . 
  you are insinuating that the telegraph is racist and xenophobic because it 's a conservative newspaper and there 's another `` conservative '' newspaper that 's racist and xenophobic . 
  weak argument . 
   i said that i find hearing outside perspectives on uk-related issues valuable . 
  you responded `` i disagree '' . 
  that 's not what you said mr soybean . 
  you said that people outside the uk see thing more clearly . 
  this is a generalisation and i believe inaccurate . 
   it does n't add anything because all you 've done is go `` yeah but no '' , you have n't explained your position or why i should care . 
  no i 'm not going to be convinced by you just stating that you disagree with me . 
  let me explain then . 
  i believe it 's a generalisation that uses the `` grass is greener '' philosophy of believing that people outside of the uk are able to understand our politics greater than people living here . 
  i would coincidentally say that people outside of the uk have less knowledge of uk politics . 
  i do not believe this makes their viewpoints more `` clear '' , yet less informed . 
   half of them are bigots , but all of them are idiots . 
  all of who ? 
  everybody that disagrees with you are idiots ? 
   you 've seen the survey by ipsos mori i presume ? 
  yes i have . 
   and this is our voting populace . 
  once again , this is democracy . 
  it 's the same in ** every ** single democratic nation on earth . 
  you are misleading yourself into thinking that you live in a country where the people that disagree with you are vicious bigots . 
   it 's not about opinions here , it 's about facts , and they 're wrong it shows that people believe immigrants and non-whites make up a larger percentage of the population than they do . 
  does that show peoples bigotry ? 
  if you live in a city like london you could absolutely be forgiven for thinking that a larger portion of the country are immigrants/non-whites than in reality . 
   many of them still see england as the center of the world . 
  which you would probably equate to wanting to remain outside of the eu . 
   they see immigration as a plague of locusts looking to devour what makes england ` so great ' aka thinking that immigration should be reduced . 
   they lack an understanding of the eu 's role that 5 year olds in mainland europe have which you would probably equate to wanting to remain outside of the eu . 
   they think 4.8 % of the population makes the country `` basically pakistan '' which you would probably claim is the view of people who think that islam is a dangerous cult . 
   they make up a significant section of english society . 
  people that disagree with you make up a significant section of society . 
  it seems like you attribute a bigotry to any point of view that you disagree with . 
   convincing stuff , but the fact remains that the telegraph shares exactly the same views as the daily mail , the only difference is that it uses a format like the times to express them . 
  it 's a conservative newspaper . 
  the guardian shares the same views as the new statesman , that does n't mean that both papers are the same . 
  ridiculous to make such a statement . 
   i do n't care . 
  we know you do n't care . 
  you do n't care about listening to alternative points of view . 
  you have already made up your mind about people who do n't hold the same political views as yourself . 
  label them , attribute their points of view as bigotry and believe that the grass is greener in other countries . 
  foolish opinions . 
  i was thinking of going with branson for # 250,000 but this looks to be slightly more in my price range . 
  thanks !, 
  this video is over a year old , not exactly current affairs . 
  looks like a bleak future for certain parts of europe unfortunately . 
  if i do n't get to space one day , i 'll die an unhappy man . 
   most of the press are right-wing , which unfortunately reflects the views of the typical little englanders we have here . 
  the term `` little englander '' is about as useful as `` guardianista '' or `` champagne socialist '' . 
  all pathetic terms used by people who hold absolute contempt for others they disagree with . 
   the telegraph is basically the daily mail but with many more words . 
  both equally racist and xenophobic no it 's basically not . 
   not to mention , in my experience , those from abroad see things here a lot more clearly than we do . 
  i would disagree with that assertion . 
   oh , give me a break !, 
  you are from a country with not just one christian cross on its flag like denmark , but no less than three of them ( counting saint andrew 's and saint patrick 's saltires alongside saint george 's cross , which is moreover a holdover from the bloody crusades ) . 
  a country whose national anthem is `` god save the queen '' . 
  which queen is , furthermore , head of the church of england and defender of the faith . 
  yes england is ( was ) an overwhelmingly christian country . 
  congratulations on paying attention to history . 
   if british muslims started complaining about any of this , you 'd rightfully dismiss them as a bunch of whiners . 
  first of all you do not know me ( you will never earn that pleasure ) , therefore you should n't speak for me . 
   yet you have no compunction against acting horribly offended about what somebody mumbles over your sirloin . 
  oh what a terrible analogy . 
  poor . 
  amateur , even . 
  the majority of england is non-muslim . 
  how about we force muslims to eat non-halal meat instead ? 
  i 'm not forced to eat kosher . 
  why should i be forced to eat halal ? 
  why should muslims be forced to eat meat they deem inappropriate ? 
  all meat should be labelled accordingly . 
  however , you seem to me like a gutless worm . 
  your argument is that we should all eat halal ? 
  i ask you , why should n't muslims be forced to eat non-halal ? 
  you put the feelings of muslims above everybody else . 
   you know what ? 
  it you want to make sure nobody mumbled anything over your meat , eat pork . 
  or better , become a vegetarian . 
  if you ever reply to me again , make sure you understand my argument . 
  you 're constantly offended and looking for grounds where you can claim offence . 
  it 's infantile . 
  `` do n't ban the burka otherwise women will not be let out of the house '' . 
  what a lovely view of the future . 
   your problem is then that the words `` god is great '' are pronounced by a muslim , rather than a fellow christian that 's not my problem at all .
