european empire when ? 
  that business premises where anjem is posing with the two ( presumably ) owners should be named and shamed . 
  i just wish there were some grass roots political movements that ignored the public 's concern of mass immigration ( which is only a concern because they do n't read intelligent news publications like me ) . 
   has the recession really hit us this hard ? 
  have thinner pockets still this power to colden our hearts ? 
  have the fearmongerings of the right-wingers really been this effective ? 
  have we in this subreddit really overcome fanatical nationalism just to give way to fanatical continentalism ? 
  this is going to come as a huge shock to you , but i do n't oppose mass third world immigration ( yes that is what any `` solution '' to alleviate this problem will culminate in ) due to any of those reasons . 
  i know this is hard to believe as your sociology textbook explains that the only people who oppose cultural enrichment do so due to having their minds warped by the right wing media or because of economic depressions ( that 's how hitler came to power zomg ! ) . 
  i just wanted to get that on the record . 
   how can anyone feel indifferent about letting people drown on our doorsteps i know what the consequences of mass immigration are to my country and the other nations of europe , to which mine is now inextricably linked to . 
   all that being said , i hope that one day the european union comes close to being as much of a melting pot as north america , and stop being concerned about these artificial nation-states and made-up nationalities . 
  in essence you desire europe to cease being european . 
  you should stop dressing up your ideological goal as concern for the welfare of drowning people . 
   i do n't think anybody who has been following anything is expecting ed miliband to do a hollande ( !!! ), 
  of course he is n't going to do a hollande . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is his policies ( like reinstating the 50p top rate of tax ) are going to be compared to hollande . 
   rather than attacking andy street because he has conservative friends ( he has but others too ) i 'm sure he has many friends . 
  yet he seems to be quite active among various conservative associations and it seems there 's quite the support among conservatives for him to be honoured . 
   this is n't a tory who was parachuted into a corporate board . 
  this is a man who started working at john lewis as a student and has worked there ever since and who has transformed the company . 
  ... after he graduated from oxford with a degree in ppe , where he was also the president of the conservative association . 
  the whole tone of this reply is very suspect to be honest . 
  google andy street and conservatives . 
  you will realise this is an attempt to claim ed miliband is going to follow the french economic policy and to dissuade people from voting for him . 
  mr street is very involved with the tories . 
  your irish tears are delicious . 
  you 're right , i certainly should have worded that differently . 
  i believe so , hence why i wrote that . 
  when one looks at the damage they cause when making up a mere 5 % of the population , common sense dictates that if you do n't have a significant islamic population it 's better not to import one and expose yourself to these risks . 
  you seem to have convinced yourself that those of us who hold disdain for that religion do so because of media indoctrination , as opposed to first hand experience with it . 
  i would suggest you are wrong in this regard . 
  you 're part of the problem then . 
  perhaps you should try being braver ? 
  i always have the english flag as my flair , 
   songs not explicitly mentioning murdering the english those are my favourites !, 
  apparently there 's a real propensity for engineers to become involved in islamic extremism . 
   sorry mate , nobody gives a shit about your opinion on immigration . 
  i 'm not your mate , and if you do n't want to hear opinions you 've come to the wrong place . 
  i can see this conversation is going nowhere so we should probably terminate it here . 
  hadrians wall is not at the border of england and scotland . 
  the state is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  the political entity `` great britain '' would cease to exist . 
   oh so now we 've shifted from `` they 're a financial drain '' to `` it 's not all about money '' . 
  got it . 
  i have n't shifted at all . 
  my opinion on mass immigration remains the same . 
   and `` the left '' has become synonymous with `` not retarded '' , apparently . 
  i might have to switch my political allegiances . 
  no , i think you 'll be just fine . 
  err what ? 
  thanks evil white opressor, 
  what is life like for jewish people in france ? 
  how bad is antisemitism over there ? 
  ireland i suppose but the feeling is n't mutual for some people . 
  great britain might be over come friday :(, 
  why are so many on the left incapable of understanding that many people arrive at the decision that mass immigration is negative not because of financial problems or political disillusionment , but based on a first hand observation of its effects ? 
  i agree . 
  extra powers just ensure a yes vote in the next referendum ( that will inevitably follow in 10 years time ) . 
  if scotland is to leave i would prefer they go now rather than drag it out and making it a long process where they become negative and hostile towards uk politics completely . 
  i personally think it will be a difficult and bitter separation . 
  you feel more connected to croatia , hungary and latvia than you do to the south east of england ? 
  this sounds extremely disingenuous to me . 
  a lot of british people who proclaim to be europhiles often give me the impression that their love for the eu comes either from a deep desire to be part of something else or perhaps even a deep self-loathing of their nation , rather than a decision arrived at due to the merits of said union . 
  for what it 's worth , i am on the fence about the eu ( which is how i think most people in england feel ) . 
  there 's no way it ends in a friendly manner , i agree . 
  the union flag stays . 
  we made it famous . 
  none of that matters at all . 
  england is bound by duty as the largest nation in the uk to stand by the other nations . 
  end of . 
  england will never walk out on the other british nations . 
  they may walk away from us but we feel a responsibility toward them and would never leave them high and dry . 
  * fatally, 
  i was more disgusted at the fact an innocent man was beheaded tbh . 
   where we are born is a question of astronomical luck no it 's not . 
  i am the unique genetic product of my parents . 
  i was n't a soul-in-waiting , desperately hoping to pull out a surrogate mother from a developed country from the sorting hat of life . 
  i understand your opinion , i just disagree with you . 
   since when was it your country ? 
  since i was born here , raised here , ancestry going back centuries in this land etc. 
   the fact that you do n't care just shows how callous and downright inempathetic you are hardly any of us care . 
  if we did we would have an open door immigration policy . 
  i perhaps misrepresented myself in suggesting i do not care at all . 
  yet my empathy extends only so far . 
  i wish the best for these people and their countries . 
  i believe we should continue to provide foreign aid and support the pm 's decision not to reduce it . 
  however , i do n't want these people coming to my country en masse . 
  i do n't want them coming to europe at all when you take into consideration that a citizen of one eu member state can now settle in my country . 
  i think the dangers of mass immigration into europe are clear for all to see . 
  i believe this opinion is the predominant one across the uk right now . 
  i wish them well , but elsewhere . 
   they 'll be no worse than many people born in the uk . 
  i think your objection might be because they are brown and poor . 
  what the fuck else do you expect them to do ? 
  these people are escaping war and dire poverty , and seeking a better life . 
  i genuinely do not care . 
  do n't come to my country . 
  we do not owe them a living and they will be nothing but a burden on us .
