  also , i 'm a grammar nazi and your spelling is horrifying . 
  tourism was big before the crisis , and is still growing bigger . 
  but hey , what can you do with bigots , you ca n't educate them , eh ? 
  either way , brittard think he 's big and he ai n't shit . 
  actually you know what , i 'm just going to link this : https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/5om0nu/britain_the_junkie_who_thinks_the_dealer_is/ just perfect . 
  should we apologize to your fine taste in ethnic distinction ? 
  please . 
  what ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  quitpain ? 
  spax latina ? 
  que no te pille pablo iglesias o te defenestra . 
  individual = / = ethically progressive different terms , you 're mixing apples and oranges . 
  yeah , eu never intervened as far as i know . 
  which may change if exterior politics between uk and eu involve gibraltar in some way . 
  i think he has an excellent point about british perception of spaniards . 
  maybe he 's not guessing and he 's been there , but you need to guess whether he has a base for his opinion or not . 
  his job position depends on emphasizing how not-spanish gibraltar is . 
  which makes no sense . 
  different context , different positions . 
  he 's being unrealistic . 
  why would the eu defend the uk after the brexit in any way ? 
  it does n't go in eu 's interests . 
  i think labeling politics according to `` ethics '' or `` ethically progressive '' scales is dangerous . 
  so the generic ` what we already have ' . 
  downvoting opinions , lovely . 
  less regulations , less political correctness . 
  privatizing the administration of some social services might be good . 
  shhh , do n't tell the brits . 
  well , there 's more than beaches . 
  inner tourism is a thing too , for good reasons . 
  plenty of cultural sites and stuff to do , i do n't particularly like beaches , but there 's always stuff to do . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vta2j7g-mtg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ny251sdgvm who 's bad ? 
  i 'm bad !, 
  i like to spit frogs in the morning too . 
  helps clearing my throat . 
  that 's way less than what the average catalan media gets for twisting data in favor of independentism . 
  yay for ~ ~ moralism dictatorships ~ ~ equality politics . 
  anybody keep track of how many times this has been said ? 
  time to send boaty mcboatface to japan !, 
  in spain tobacco packs have pictures of people with diseases along with the warning . 
  what a load of nonsense . 
  how many cents do you make for each post ? 
  except they already were asked this and they said they 'd refuse to allow la vall d'aran to separate . 
  you do seem to have plenty of time for shitposting and propaganda though . 
  is n't that cute from someone with the english flag . 
  go sell your propaganda elsewhere . 
  the catalan media decided to turn the split into a shitfest of made-up data and newspeak . 
  79 % of 63 % is a really orwellian way of saying 49.77 % . 
  false , it 's about 49 % ( 49.77 % to be precise ) . 
  that 's a really shitty and orwellian way of saying 49 % . 
  shitpost from independentist media . 
  here 's the source the propaganda article uses : http://www.elperiodico.cat/ca/noticias/politica/referendum-independencia-enquesta-5697731, 
  aka , shitpost map without source . 
  better source : https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2012/nov/06/british-invaded-90-per-cent-world tldr : shitpost . 
  obviously , at some point it balances out . 
  yes !, 
  cheers to our forces . 
  for all the shit they get they do their job quite well . 
  basic income and turn society towards a costumer society , since robots will be the ones producing . 
  quite an obvious , and hopefully positive , turn , in my opinion . 
  cool story by edgar allan poe !, 
  also , i lived in montilla for 8-ish years , beautiful place :d, 
  it 's obviously a tourist map . 
  that was some fun stuff . 
  what 's with the trend of leaving portugal without captions in the maps ? 
  you do n't get it , he means `` first older , then spain '' . 
  since when good solid rationality got in the way of feels ? 
  spain nice , spain protect portugal good :d, 
  it 's not like the plan was to have the cake and eat it . 
  i want independence from irish sentimentalism . 
  no , it 's to ridicule your conspiranoic logic . 
  wikipedia , ever so reliable . 
  yes , you 're a troll . 
  trump should hire us . 
  amen . 
  catalan is not an ethnicity , try harder , troll . 
   pujol is the executive branch of the spanish government , also known as pp and the illuminati !, 
  oh boy , i 'm going to have to get a tinfoil hat when i do see the republican flag !, 
  borderline racist ? 
  are you being obtuse or just plain trolling ? 
  if you ca n't define who is catalan and who is n't catalan then there 's no such a thing as a catalan sentiment or catalan independentism . 
  also that comparison to israel , which is a country defined on religion and ethnicity is just absurd . 
  i 'm not judging intentions , i 'm judging facts . 
  and yes , people who are citizens of a region depend on that region even for international affairs , such as working abroad and changing the status of a country affects your citizens who are abroad . 
  tell that to the uk citizens ( including your fellow scots ) who are residing in the european union . 
  there 's no reason to assume people who emigrate to a country intend to stay forever or to assume that people that leave a country intend to leave forever , that 's nonsense . 
  say people vote to leave , people working abroad decide to go back to their country after independence , and suddenly there may not be enough people to win a pro-secession vote . 
  what would you do about your citizens abroad ? 
  refuse them citizenship and ostracize them ? 
  that 's sad in it 's own level . 
  so you 're abused because someone thinks differently than you . 
  ok , that 's totally not though crime , do n't worry mostoriginalnickname we 're totally not going to burn you like a witch . 
  to me that sounds like the previous step to a mass-exile of people who do n't agree with your ideology . 
  what about people who are working abroad for a few months and come back later ? 
  what about people who go back to their own countries after voting ? 
  why not just go ahead and form countries based on ideology . 
  * eyeroll * to me it sounds like the worst way to run a vote on what 's supposed to be the will of the people , and seems way abusable . 
  the vote was rigged , catalans living outside catalonia were not allowed to vote and immigrants to catalonia were allowed to vote with the prospect of benefits in a new catalonian state . 
  also , minors were `` allowed to vote '' , meaning their parents would vote for them .
