  dunno , are you being massacred in the streets by the people 's liberation army ? 
  because to me it looks like you make a lot of noise . 
  except that catalonia is not oppressed , no matter how much you bitch about it . 
  china is full of cultures , yet they do n't have their own state . 
  only a few do , like kazakhs or mongols . 
  -- since i 'm at it i 'm going to point out that culture is constructed over time and cultures may secede from each other , without forming different states . 
  arag\u00f3n , catalonia , andorra , rosell\u00f3n , valencia , balears ( and the differentiation with occit\u00e0 ) . 
  which , by the way , always amused me , since in their claim they never claim arag\u00f3n , but always claim other zones . 
  wonder if they 'd think arag\u00f3n would dispute centrality of the cultures of the former kingdom of arag\u00f3n . 
  creamy argument !, 
  switzerland is composed of three cultures from other nations : germany , italy and france . 
  belgium : germany , france . 
  there are others but ca n't be arsed . 
  weak . 
  gone sexual gone wild, 
  i though they already did after the vote ? 
  anne frankly i do n't care about the downvotes o / https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3i2l98ocvmi, 
  i did nazi that coming !, 
   which has been through communism might explain it ? 
  they 'll fund the ~ ~ nhs ~ ~ ministry of truth chest with the bus money !, 
  sure , it 's like going to cuba or dominican republic . 
  as long as you live in a rich area you wo n't have to put up with the problems of the average national . 
  like the murders of mexico . 
  which draws to my attention , misleading title . 
  the ranking is by expats , should be there and is , in fact , in the article 's title . 
  also means it depends from which country you come from , so it 's essentially useless data . 
  brazil best bra . 
  you do n't know a thing !, 
  pele speaks brazilian though . 
  get your facts right !, 
  if nobody claims them why not just bomb them ? 
  turkey is not a country either . 
  wait , i just got it . 
  k , turkey is a country . 
  good country turkey :'d, 
  i though fins had a feud with sweds , norway or even denmark , but not the dutch ? 
  could have been mexico . 
  bullshit article . 
  i see , interesting to know , thanks . 
  use in-video captions for a translation of the audio . 
  nobody likes dutch bigotry . 
  maybe they 'll finally sort out all these weeks of twitter civil war . 
  best of luck , but i think `` almost doubling '' is a bit hard to believe ? 
  white walkers . 
  i see , so it 's every man for himself . 
  i suppose the activities in which you can participate depend on the gear you 've bought . 
   ` well you 're not from here therefore you 're wrong ' does n't really cut it . 
  --  apuesto a que ni siquiera eres catal\u00e1n ( i bet you 're not even catalan ) sigh , you 're such an ignorant bother . 
  so madrid made their own video , huh ? 
  if you move to estonia do you get free guerrilla training ? 
  alright , i 'll say it again , dipshit . 
  you do n't tell me about my own country . 
  titty cheese best cheese !, 
  oh boy , britboi thinks he knows better than me about the place i live in . 
  k. keep wanking to your superlatively moronic whataboutism . 
  pujol was the one menacing about the no-return point , pujol was the one who went around saying that he was voting yes-yes to independence and new state in europe . 
  i 'm not one to judge by words but by actions . 
  saying `` i 'm not an independentist but i will vote for independence '' is like saying `` i 'm not racist but fuck black folk '' . 
  and no , pujol was not hated by independentists until he was judged for corruption and his whole image was fouled . 
  extra : politicians only have one nationality , money . 
  shit politicians do for their image https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzccllbmf5u, 
  so it 's a promotion . 
  not even , have two cities in the report . 
  still , it 's a silly concept to have best destination at the first of the year , sounds like a promo . 
  i wonder what 's the best cheese outside food !, 
  `` best european destination of 2017 '' we 're in february . 
  great saudade there , mate . 
  podemos should n't have cloned milhouse . 
  one million less than last time , and the more it shows its colors the less voters it 'll get . 
  we are already seeing the shit some of the ayuntamientos del cambio are doing . 
  we can expect the same shit country-wide if they would govern . 
  funniest shit , errej\u00f3n 's papers also include iglesias as secretary general , but iglesias is throwing a shitty tantrum . 
  you 're not the only ones missing arrows . 
  you expected wrong , portugal is not a country . 
  of course , everybody knows it 's a dessert , tastes better with hot chocolate or whipped cream . 
  i am be ban to america for few years . 
  set a : 63 million people set b : 440 million people a and b have a free trade agreement . 
  which do you think the trade agreement benefits the most ? 
  remember to hold the weapon from the right side . 
  so morocco being morocco , what 's the surprise ? 
  shut up , windshield . 
  windshields do n't talk . 
  it 'd only make it worse . 
  andalusians are everywhere though , not just catalonia . 
  my family went to valencia instead , for example . 
  though we have / had family in perpignan , lisbon , catalonia and nearly every other autonomous community . 
  the interests of their foreign affairs politicians ? 
  and you play too much world of warcraft . 
  triggered federalist . 
  so everyone who does n't agree with you is mentally ill , huh ? 
  you sound like you 've got personal issues . 
  nonsense , more like the eu will die without access to the technology . 
  the difference between china and the eu is that the eu does n't make top-level processors . 
  we do n't have a tianhe-2 . 
  eu bureaucrats more interested in giving basic income to wops and wasting away our resources . 
  i do n't take hints from a worse version of my own country . 
  get your shit together then come again . 
  that is the kind of shit that gets upvoted here , you wo n't find sane people , just imbeciles yelling muh federalism . 
  you 're welcome . 
  for an example you can scroll down a bit and see some triggered federalist calling out for franco .
