  `` kill everybody '' and `` destroy the spanish army '' , are said by the children , one of which interprets felipe iv , which repeats the words that the teachers tell them . 
  even though the video was removed from youtube , it has been shared through twitter . 
  * the first twitter says ... * observe how they indoctrinate they children of `` guillem fortuny '' school in cambrils against the `` treacherous spaniards '' . 
  repulsive . 
  `` felisuco '' has been this direct in his twitter account : `` i ca n't believe this !!!, 
  indoctrination based on historical falsehood . 
  they have no limits . '' * the second twitter says ... * i ca n't believe this !!!, 
  indoctrination based on historical falsehood . 
  they have no limits . 
  what a load of bullshit , you 're charging against the newspaper because comments they have no control over . 
  like comments in any other media are any better . 
  nonsense , comments everywhere are shit . 
  check out any youtube section for example . 
  brainwashing children though , it 's an entirely different matter . 
  you 're comparing education of catalan children today to a journal picture from 1939 in a country that back then was a dictatorship . 
  source to the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nwikdohdzw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg8gkqdbovi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uh6tfl0zyx4 same video from different sources in case they censor it . 
  why not fito y los fitipaldis ? 
  go olives !, 
  you 're cocks . 
  maybe it 's time to invest in a e-reader or similar . 
  hmmmmm . 
  they can show you the woooooorld . 
  shining , shimmerig spleeeeeeeeeendiiiiiiiid . 
  romania very much can into latin . 
  tyl my father had a romanian employee who was pretty much a member of our family , my father retired but they still keep in contact sometimes . 
  thanks for the oc !, 
  if you 're religious it 'd make sense to marry right ? 
  great !, 
  now i can go get smashed in the low lands and call it culturalization !, 
  not without more foreign help ; c, 
  enjoy your astronomically high downs . 
  he 's had a girlfriend for over 30 years ? 
  really ? 
  you 'd think it 'd be time to formalize things a bit . 
  newspaper with an agenda , what a surprise . 
  it does n't have a `` dood spanjoolen '' caption , so no neerlandese circlejerking . 
  also i still have your meatballs . 
  that picture looks like a war zone . 
  sadly snowden is n't a feathered beast on thanksgivings day . 
  british can into reconquista !? 
  somebody dial-up with the ghosts of the catholic monarchs !, 
  i do n't kill , i focking destroy , yo . 
  all these ducks better be wary of me axe !, 
  genius !, 
  just who though it 'd be a good idea to schedule a protest during tea time !, 
  and it 's still stupidly rare to see an entry level job . 
  you do get the total amount , but in 12 payments , instead of 14 . 
  the payments can be prorated . 
  the express ' tomorrow 's cover : `` who do eu think eu'ro fucking with !? '', 
  funny that there 's an increase after the 100k mark . 
  at least half of the subs at / r/spain are tourists asking for nice vistas and places to eat . 
   this figure means that , in absolute terms , spain has benefited more than any of the other 27 eu member states , just ahead of italy . 
  however , if you compare the figures with gdp , then the main recipients are estonia , slovakia and greece . 
  i 'd like to see the gdp to investment rates , might be interesting . 
  they committed heresy in the name of the god of baguette . 
  he can pretend he 's having a `` rational conversation '' alone by replying to my joke comments all he wants . 
  even if it was , 68 % is way higher than most of the other countries in the eu . 
   you ca n't talk about this subject without losing your mind ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odctnpir5ka i see you have no sense of humor . 
  ca n't talk about this without insulting people disagreeing with you ? 
  did i insult you personally ? 
  are you offended ? 
  yeah sure , just nuke 'em that 'll show them !, 
  pesky dangerous civilians !, 
  such dangerous maneuvers at 5 knots !, 
  the brinksmanship !, 
  the terror !, 
  it 's not spain that 's refusing to resolve the issue now . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/eu-referendum-brexit-would-hit-gibraltar-says-chief-minister-fabian-picardo-but-spain-can-stick-a7055501.html are n't you wondering why ? 
  unarmed civilian vessel being shot away by the royal navy near gibraltar labeled `` dangerous '' by thesun . 
  get back to your world of warships sub , dweeb . 
  learn to read before you post . 
  claim what you want , you already got denied the 12 miles , those already belong to spain . 
  attempting to steal territory from another country will not end up good for you . 
  also whether we want to grant you transit or not is up to us . 
  if you ca n't physically administer a colony then drop it . 
  it 's just mind boggling that you 'd think warships would be granted passage rights but an unarmed civilian vessel with scientists should be shot away . 
  irony much ? 
  the mayor of your colony does rile people up here often , with military threats and francoist-reminding discourses . 
  do a search of picardo on the news and see for yourself . 
  he does like the sun and the express quite a bit . 
  nobody in spain would give a fuck about gibraltar without the constant warmongering . 
  fabian picardo does like to have the spotlight a few times a year though . 
  fabian picardo talking war plans with commander of british forces , cdre mike walliker . 
  but feel free to ignore that , will you ? 
  as for achievements , our nhs is n't privatized . 
  diplomacy , not guns . 
  you 're trying to reason with a guy who would rather they 'd just killed the civilians , you ca n't get any sense into his head . 
  such as the uk , where you need a license to own a flare gun . 
   due to bad weather poor excuse . 
  it is very much relevant , here is the difference on how a conflict is handled by a civilized country handles a conflict , and how a country run by hooligans and bigots does it . 
   you would rather have them use guns ? 
  it 's a final warning . 
  using the royal navy to kill civilians amuses you ? 
  so have them go that way , if they get on spanish territorial waters fire in kind . 
  talk about incompetence and provocation https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2002/feb/19/gibraltar.world, 
  the final warning before world war 3 you mean ? 
  https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2002/feb/19/gibraltar.world i suppose by the same standards the uk marines should be have been shot and killed when they landed in spain ? 
  i know , the british have a record to portray them as owning bigger territory than they actually do . 
  nigel farage would be proud !,
