  looking at them , not insulting them , not giving the finger , not sticking my tongue out . 
  afterwards , they seemed not to like my attitude of dignity and they kept going on with their insults . 
  '' , `` fascist ! '' . 
  '' , `` shit ! '' . 
  '' , `` go eat shit ! '' . 
  '' , `` leave catalonia ! '' . 
  '' , `` out ! '' . 
  i stood on my feet for a few seconds hearing these insults , and then i kept walking down the stairs , until i reached the sidewalk , where my companion was waiting for me . 
  we headed to the right and the insults kept being repeated . 
  only , and exclusively , the insults that i 've mentioned to you . 
  everytime i 'd hear an insult i 'd stop , turn around and watch the crowd . 
  and the insults would go on . 
  the second time i did this , i saw an individual , that had been in the front row , insulting and gesturing wildly came running to me in diagonal . 
  in this moment i did fear for my integrity , not because something grave could happen to me but because i might get hit . 
  so i noticed some mossos d'esquadra next to a van and gestured them to come over . 
  while i did this , this citizen came to where i was , and yelling big time , with a gaze i 'll never forget said to me : you are the prosecution , why do you condemn us for putting up the urns ? 
  what a shame !, 
  then a mosso came and stood next to me , i answered : i 'm not the `` prosecution '' , i 'm the general provincial prosecutor of barcelona , and prosecutors do n't condemn , tribunals condemn or absolve . 
  then , the young man , kept yelling : `` yes you are the prosecution '' , he then pointed to the crowd , `` they told me you are the prosecution , what a shame ! '', 
  at this moment , since i realized that i could talk or dialogue with this person , i kept walking alongside my companion , the mosso accompanied him to the protestors crowd , and a mosso dressed as a civilian accompanied us for several meters until i told him it was no longer necessary to keep scolting us and that we 'll walk home quietly . 
  that was everything journalist : will you be suing ? 
  ana : i 've answered this , in the prosecutor 's office of barcelona we 've always done things with rigour , calm , and clarity . 
  evidently , these facts , which i consider grave , will be analyzed and studied , with rigour , with calm , and with a cold head . 
  and if we reach the conclusion that this behaviour fits any felony we are compelled to start an investigation . 
  so far all i can say is i asked the mossos d'esquadra the reserve of the images recorded during the period of time that i mentioned , in case it might be necessary to review them . 
  never , in my sixty-four years of life i 've seen such a gaze of hatred like the one i saw in the citizen that ran to me yelling insults . 
  it was just a kid , it could have been my son , twenty to twenty-four years no more , i doubt i 'm wrong here . 
  catalan nationalist press denies the fact : http://www.elnacional.cat/es/sociedad/mossos-magaldi-fiscalia-9n_137394_102.html other nationalist media have been publishing different videos to discredit the prosecutor http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticies/el-video-que-questiona-el-comunicat-de-la-fiscalia-sobre-el-suposat-assetjament-en-el-judici-al-9-n/ depise the fact that protestors are shown insulting the prosecutor directly and that video is cut several times . 
  the same media also reported the facts to be correct , but denied any harassing : http://www.elnacional.cat/es/sociedad/magaldi-joven-insultos_137382_102.html, 
  voice : english captions : english , spanish, 
  keynes ? 
  no , thank you . 
  great name m8, 
  / r/europeholidaypromotions, 
  you got it wrong , mate . 
  belgium is winter spain , not the other way around !, 
  that 's obviously french for canal de la mancha !, 
  spain stronk !, 
  was there a way in german to know whether a word is male or female or have to rely on experience ? 
  it 's a new religion !, 
  thou shalt honour thy europeanness every seventh day of your life !, 
  corruption is measured on perception . 
  so , yeah . 
  * covers myself in a blanket * leave adolf alone !, 
  i hope the fbi 's having fun reading the spam in my mail account . 
  the ume got thanked for their help , as well . 
  website not working at the moment , i think it 's odd to use the term re-foundation when in favor of federalization . 
  nonsense . 
  i 'm actually in favor of saving money . 
  single target and free movement sounds good to me , the political union though ? 
  not so much . 
  so the march is against federalization or ... ? 
  so what 's dragging the ship down ? 
  hopeful . 
  are n't ya , fellow ? 
  it 's ireland , op 's trolling :'d, 
  the content is , however , anonymous ; and there are ways to hoop over the `` non-anonymous '' pay , i think . 
  at least , i 've got a couple of ideas . 
  the whole `` privacy tech '' is more of a this is mine , you ca n't see what 's inside , rather than `` we do n't know whose this thing is '' . 
  but then again , i 've seen solutions to that too . 
  ultimately , data is tied to someone ( i.e. 
  you ) or something ( i.e. 
  your phone ) . 
  kill the dog , the rabies ' over . 
  if only people would actually pay for the services they like to use . 
  also , i doubt it will be easy for people to move away from those free services they 've been using . 
  if only this would make any sense . 
  voices in english - captions in spanish, 
  is n't it like the only place in china where you can gamble ? 
  totally not a thing for a ministry of ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ truth . 
  he 's playing victim . 
  this is just wrong on so many levels . 
  i see what you did there . 
  you forget magaluf . 
  magaluf is the new australia , it 's an overseas prison for unwanted british folk :'d, 
  i am aware the crown of aragon had ** multiple ** kingdoms , which is why i point out that saying cataloaragonese crown is stupid , or lazy as you have it . 
  aragonese crown , several kingdoms . 
  so why call it catalonaragonese when it 's valencianbaleararagonesecatalan ? 
  they were n't . 
  kingdom of aragon is kingdom of aragon . 
  `` catalonaragonese crown '' is merely part of the independentist imaginary because it needs a historical argument to justify the independentism movement . 
  it 's merely another form of cultural appropiation . 
  huh , no ? 
  what do homosexuals have to do with this ? 
  definitely looks like some buildings from c\u00f3rdoba . 
  beautiful !, 
  catalonaragonese does not exist . 
  it was aragonese . 
  catalonia is aragon now , huh ? 
  these nationalists do n't even know about their own nation !, 
  bad example , bro . 
  https://laverdadofende.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/placa_conmemorativa_1964.jpg plaque of franco ceding to perpetuity the channel of urgell to the catalan people . 
  i wonder why ? 
  -- not to mention the whole spain vs catalonia when it was a civil war . 
  i guess they did n't tell you that at school . 
  oh , that was a long time ago , huh ? 
  it 's not like you picked sides in wars and lost them ? 
  interesting concept . 
  triggered nationalists !, 
  everytime you compare yourselves with oppressed cultures you just make yourselves look like idiots .
