  honestly it 's so overused i 'm not even bothered . 
  as a spaniard whenever you have an argument and they do n't have a counter-argument they just resort to franco . 
  it 's the article 's title , not mine . 
  have you lost your mind ? 
  did they not teach you to have critical thinking at your czechoslovakian schools ? 
  europe has a history of wanting to keep down spain . 
  and it 's been passed down as the black legend . 
  you only need to have a walk around you 'll see the anti-spanish sentiment flowing . 
  yes . 
  in this thread , butthurt federalists . 
  specially better than ex-russian beraucrats . 
  used and abused it huh ? 
  waiting to get it repaired ? 
  would n't be surprised if you were a premium member by now . 
  great thing for a mod to chase my posts around , maybe the earthquakes hit your head too hard . 
  pork bombs . 
  instant trigger the whole middle east !, 
  stop feeling bad , fuck sake , like it 's your fault they kill each other with that weaponry . 
  it 's the article 's title , even if i change the reddit title it wo n't change the actual article 's title . 
  stop getting so upset about everything , you political correctness vultures !, 
  everything . 
  the regulations and common foreign relations are a bad taste joke . 
  the member states can barely agree on common grounds with many issues , see the perejil issue for instance , with member states such as portugal and france openly supporting morocco on the issue . 
  there 's no way i can believe if part of spain 's foreign policy was handled by portuguese , french or dutch ( for example ) politicians they would n't abuse their position to improve their own countries ' position at the cost of my own 's . 
  the only good things to come out of the union are ... free movement free trade incentives to stabilize the continent though the last one is easily a result of the first two . 
  and that 's why you keep deleting it ? 
  just read the content , that 's what it 's for !, 
  also , other articles with `` misleading titles '' do n't get deleted , they just get tagged !, 
  you 're exercising full fledged political censorship right now . 
  if it was a country i 'd have to accept it , even though i 'm against the federalization of the eu . 
  stop political censorship !, 
  because the eu is n't a country . 
  i 'm getting sick and tired of your political censorship . 
  related : http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/what-s-behind-russian-support-world-s-separatist-movements-n614196, 
  i disagree , separatist figureheads come and go ( in fact , some get disposed as they stop being useful , such as jordi pujol ) , but they do represent the interests of independentism . 
  wow the racism is real . 
  showing your colors , huh , catalans ? 
  trying to hide it as a joke does n't make it right !, 
  whataboutism king !, 
  obviously solving the debt crisis is a more important issue than a bunch of triggered indepes stealing funds from their ` own countrymen ' . 
  source or delete your comment . 
  sound familiar ? 
  definitely not . 
  putting military in the service of a bunch of foreign bureaucrats is by far the worst thing to do . 
  such an abused word . 
  triggered anglo wave incoming . 
  i would appreciate a lesson in jacobinism . 
  croatia you 're not even trying . 
  when the eu stops trying to fuck with their member states . 
  tv3 , official . 
  totally not propaganda . 
  shhh , indepe mods will banhammer you !, 
  uk , why am i not surprised . 
  thanks for showing your true colors . 
  the cu\u00f1ado argument , of course . 
  he 's a triggered serb with a croat flair . 
  indeed , independent state of croatia wants independent state of catalonia !, 
  the catalan gov was like `` what i want or what i want '' . 
  spanish government was like , `` court '' . 
  how about you source or delete your own comments ? 
  if you keep that up you might get banned soon . 
  shhh , do n't tell them the truth !, 
  yet another demonstration of support towards corrupt politicians . 
  no surprise . 
  their salary depends on maintaining this farce . 
  quite the opinion from a `` foreign pack '' . 
  go back to harassing foreigners on the streets , englishman . 
  i did n't know a province of spain made their own `` we second '' video . 
  dude 1 : `` politicians are a problem ! '', 
  dude 2 : `` i know right , let 's ask for more government ! '', 
  liechtenstein do n't give a fuck . 
  how everyone with half mind goes about everything . 
  groundhog day . 
  north korea most equal country in the world . 
  how so ? 
  it 's a map map of ** europe ** . 
  i seriously do n't get the obsession that certain groups of people in spain have with the `` northern countries '' . 
  the same obsession for inequality . 
  i 'd rather there be disparities and opportunities than no disparities and no opportunities . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ mostequalcountryintheworlbestkorea, 
  wait , what 's up with scotland in eastern europe ? 
  what war ? 
  `` other '' northern countries . 
  spain is in the south . 
  for spain : better than portugal ? 
  good . 
  worse than portugal ? 
  conspiration . 
  portugal not in the map ? 
  master-race map . 
  yeah that makes sense , hey i 'm going to buy a kebab and wo n't pay for it . 
  still not the same sub . 
  pretty sure / r/europe and / r/askeurope are different subs . 
  the internet might blow . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , the murder intent or the bad puns . 
  if i form a political theory about sheep shagging and demand official political recognition would i be considered a prosecuted intellectual if i got denied said recognition ? 
  swag moustache . 
  how is it ironic in the slightest ? 
  why are you comparing a genocide to the an anarchist charged with regicide attempt ? 
  have n't they been doing that for quite a while now ?
