  but if the other options are le pen or fillon , i 'd take macron any day . 
  also : he reminds me of these colourful , sweet , little things you can eat . 
  this poll suggests , that if fillon would drop out and juppe becomes the candidate instead , there even would be a realistic chance for macron vs. juppe in round 2 . 
  i think this would be the best case scenario . 
  if i judge the candidates right , juppe is slightly less worse than fillon , who is as conservative as it gets . 
  also , juppe would have a better chance against le pen right now , i guess . 
  if you take this particular poll , it 's more likely that macron is 1st than 3rd, 
  rather not . 
  i do support israel . 
  not their government and not everything they do , but they have a right to exist and it is important , that they do . 
  but i would not want the eu to get involved in this hell of a conflict . 
  ( not directly , as we would be if they 'd join ), 
  that 's how i like these little arrows, 
  actually , i find this way more reasonable than the other way around . 
  i suspect there would at least be some people , who do not actually want le pen but want to send a giant `` fuck you '' to what they call establishment . 
  but i 'd like to know who votes for macron in round one , sends him to round two and then says `` well , i 'm gon na vote for le pen now . 
  never really liked this macron-guy anyway '' that 's really weird . 
  ----------------------------- according to the police , the suspect is a young german man . 
  police denies reports , that the man looks mediterranean . 
  it seems to be a student from another town . 
  you should know that this series of coins is made for kids . 
  it 's released by `` m\u00fcnze \u00d6sterreich '' who make all kinds of beautiful coins . 
  most of them are somehow related to austria . 
  but this one is a cheap one ( 10 $ i think ) made for kids to get them into collecting coins . 
  well , think it that way . 
  the law was created to prevent , that there would ever be someone , ore some party or stuff , who tries to pull the same shit off again . 
  it 's not only about promoting national socialism . 
  it 's also about prohibiting the party nsdap itself and their flags , symbols , songs etc. 
  now if you would dress up as hitler , go to a party and joke around , i think many people would not find it funny . 
  you may get some problems . 
  but i 'm pretty positive they wo n't arrest you immediately . 
  but this guy was active for weeks , in public spaces where dressing up is not considered as normal . 
  so now the authorities have to find out , what his intention is . 
  if , let 's say , he would be an artist , trying to make a critical statement on the rise of right wing populism ... no problem . 
  but what if he is trying to promote national socialism . 
  and as he did not exactly show up to talk to the police and explain his intentions , the only way to find out is an arrest . 
  actually , during campain he explicitly stated , that he `` does not like full-face veil , because he wants to see peoples face , while looking at them . 
  he probably wo n't say anything at all . 
  maybe , if asked , he would say something like `` it 's the governments decision and i respect that . 
  but i urge you too be careful , not to discriminate against a religion '' . 
  maybe someone can elaborate some things for an outsider like me . 
  in the case of a macron presidency , he will try to ensure a majority in the parliament too , of course . 
  does he have enough politicians on his side to even fill all the seats ? 
  and were do they come from ? 
  former ps/republicans ? 
  new faces ? 
  i ca n't imagine were he would find such a huge number of previously unknown politicians that seem electable . 
  then , let 's say , he is president without a majority in the parliament . 
  i believe you call this `` cohabitation '' and you had this before . 
  but this time it is about the most center politician you can imagine . 
  very likeable and valued high by both center-left and center-right candidates . 
  now i can imagine that a hypothetical cohabitation with , let 's say , fillon and a left majority in parliament , would have been really difficult . 
  but ca n't you expect macron to find some kind of compromise between moderate left and right wingers . 
  is n't that the whole point of his movement ? 
  it 's more a statistical thing . 
  people give stupid answers on purpose , for example . 
  and : a probability of 0 in statistics means `` this is not possible '' while any scenario that is possible in theory has a probability higher than 0 . 
  of course it will not be a significant number . 
  i do n't speak french but with the help of google , exit polls seem to suggest an outcome which is quiet similar to the polls . 
  can someone translate and verify ? 
  selon les r\u00e9sultats d'un sondage sortie des urnes , les r\u00e9sultats \u00e0 la mi-journ\u00e9e donnent ceci en ce qui concerne le quatuor de t\u00eate : macron 24 % le pen 22 % fillon 20,5 % m\u00e9lenchon 18 % source : https://www.rtbf.be/info/monde/detail_presidentielle-francaise-la-participation-a-midi-direct?id=9587638, 
  as you can tell by my flair , i do not have much idea about what the certain candidates plan for those areas . 
  i 'm just here because i 'm scared as hell . 
  and because i have some basic knowledge and interest in statistics and find that a lot of times people misinterpret the numbers they get ( if they are even accurate ) so i 'm doing my calculations and explaining from a purely statistical point of view :d :d :d, 
  because of her big ( ! ), 
  surge nationally ( in the polls ) . 
  if a politician has a surge of several % nationally , it is very unlikely that he ( or she ) is going to lose much in certain areas . 
  i could not find data for guyane in 2012 but for the rest . 
  and i played around with the numbers a bit : fillon did slightly better than sarkozy in guadeloupe but way worse in st-pierre and martinique . 
  le pen did way better in all three regions . 
  that was expected . 
  melenchon did way better than in 2012 in all three regions . 
  but you have to keep in mind how bad hamon is performing . 
  both melenchon and macron seem to gain roughly 50 % of the votes that ps lost . 
  in all three regions hollande + melenchon ( 2012 ) had less votes than macron + melenchon + hamon ( 2017 ) . 
  but i would not count on any of those numbers . 
  i do not think they have a lot of impact . 
  no you ca n't say that . 
  those former undecided , now decided voters may split just like those who were decided before . 
  in that case , nothing would change . 
  it was not 30 % undecided but 30 % undecided or abstent . 
  so only maybe a third of them have decided to vote now . 
  some of those will vote invalid ( is it called that way ? ) . 
  and the rest will most likely not vote 80 % for one candidate . 
  they will split between the candidates , maybe a bit different than the decided voters but still , usually the shift should n't be more than 1-2 % that said , it might be enough to change the result drastically , because it is so close . 
  i do n't know where they all get their numbers from . 
  wikipedia has a list of all the polls . 
  i clicked through the latest ones and most of them have no information about undecided voters . 
  most of them have about 25-30 % of abstention . 
  abstention was about 20 % in 2012 , so that means there are maybe 5 % undecided . 
  i ca n't tell if they are mixing up undecided voters with abstention or if they have numbers that are not published . 
  the polls in france seem to do quiet well . 
  in 2012 ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2012 ) the underestimated le pen by maybe one percent , but it was no surprise . 
  in 2002 ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2002 ) le pen ( her father ) was underestimated by 3 % which was a shock back then , but still . 
  3 % are not that much . 
  melenchon was a little bit overestimated in 2012 ... 
  if this year is like the years before , then the chance of macron-le pen 2nd round with a macron victory is quiet high . 
  i remember seeing something like that , but i guess it was before hamon lost nearly a third of his voters and melenchon nearly doubled . 
  so the remaining voters might be those who either are very dedicated to hamon or simply do not like melenchon . 
  could be more hamon supporters with second option macron now , than few weeks ago .
