`` less devoted supporters '' does not automatically mean , they are less likely to vote . 
  it 's more a sign of center politicians and newcomers . 
  more far-right or far-left politicians usually have a very devoted voter base but find it difficult to find new voters . 
  or , to see it from the other side , if someone decides , that extreme politics is what he expects and wants , he will more likely stay with that decision , because first of all , he may have a strong ideological background and also , it is less likely that he is proven wrong ( disappointed ) because extreme politics usually never reach the position where they are actually in charge ( at least up until lately ) . 
  on the other hand , whoever looks for center politicians may be more likely to switch to other center choices . 
  and newcomers always tend to have less devoted voters because the vast majority of them used to vote one of the established parties before . 
  so now they have the choice between what they used to like and what they like now . 
  so `` less devoted voters '' may just mean that a lot of them are theoretically open to vote for another option . 
  it does not necessarily mean they wo n't vote or macron . 
  well ... that was long ... 
  i hope you understand my points , i 'm no native speaker !, 
  she may have been beautiful , but her views are not that admirable ... 
  wow . 
  that 's were i live . 
  ok i got to tell you something about this one . 
  it was the worlds ( this was the moment , where i realized that i do not have nearly the vocabulary to write this in english . 
  but i tried anyway ) steepest tram , working only with adhesion ( without any special mechanism like magnets , ropes or stuff , which prevents it from sliding down ) . 
  but a few years ago , they renovated it and changed it 's route . 
  so now it starts at the center of linz ( the spot you can see here ) . 
  it still works only with adhesion , but now the route is longer so at average , it 's not the steepest anymore . 
  i want to add that , no matter how much our politicians may fuck it all up , and even if the eu would fall , never ever would i raise a weapon against anyone of you . 
  ( i guess i would n't do it against anyone else either , but that 's not the point ^ ^ ), 
  that depends on the kind of church you are talking about . 
  i can only speak f\u00fcr the roman catholic church here in austria . 
  at least in the bigger citys , most of them consist of maybe 50 % moderate conservatives and 50 % liberals ( sort of ) . 
  i 've never ever heard a single word against homosexuals or even abortion ( though i would asume they are not big fans of that ) . 
  most of them are strongly against the right-winged populists . 
  i guess you could see their opinion as some sort of liberation theologie , like ... the social democrats of the church ^ ^ . 
  so i do unterstand that there are gay people , who are religious and do want do be part of this kind of church . 
  though i would agree that this is not the majority , of course . 
  well actually in austria it 's completely different . 
  we do n't have exit polls at all . 
  the last polling stations close at 18:00 ( i think ) but that 's only in the capital . 
  everywhere else , the stations close earlier , in some cases even as early as 12:00 ( in very small towns ) . 
  when the stations are closed , they can start counting . 
  so up until the latest election , what they did was give a prediction based on the results from the polling stations which have already been counted . 
  they changed it now ( because of the troubles regarding the presidential election ) , but still are showing an expected result , based on the very small polling stations . 
  yeah of course . 
  obama 1 was the highest , obama 2 slightly lower than trump . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  you ca n't know that . 
  in austria the turnout in the three rounds of our presidential election was getting higher with every round . 
  hofer , the right-winged populist , was doing worse , with each round . 
  the higher turnout meant more people wanted to stop hofer . 
  in the us , the turnout was just slightly higher than 2012 ( which was a re-election ) and significantly lower than 2008 ( which was the highest ever ) . 
  turnout seems to be much higher in amsterdam , were pvv got less than 1 % in 2014 minicipal election . 
  ( you ca n't really compare that , for sure , but pvv seems to be rather week in amsterdam , so it does n't seem very logical , that now so many people there would vote for pvv ) normally , if polls indicate shifts in the last days before an election , the actual shift in the election is even bigger . 
  so if that applies , pvv would do worse than in latest polls . 
  but polls may be wrong . 
  we do n't know anything . 
  why do we allow breitbart here ? 
  i love how austria would be the only country not changing it 's shape . 
  :d basically because we already had every possible separation . 
  this guy is a total disaster !, 
  i 'd like to add , that the problem with the set of laws coming from the interior minister ist not only about this topic . 
  he is trying to change the law regarding demonstrations for weeks now . 
  he himself is one of the most right-winged politicians in the center right party \u00d6vp . 
  also he is not exactly extremely popular . 
  now his plans are to limit demonstrations to certain areas , not allowing `` fun demonstrations '' , etc. 
  now the center-left sp\u00d6 opposed this law , which is the only reasonable thing to do in my opinion . 
  then the discussions about erdogan rallies started and he tried again with basically the same law , hoping that now he can succed because noone really wants those rallies . 
  the sp\u00d6 is not that dumb , of course , 
  we had one article a few hours earlier , claiming that he would lose , even if he wins . 
  now what do we make out of that ... :d, 
  the bookies do n't know shit . 
  first of all : people who are betting do not make a good sample . 
  hey are most probably about 80 % male , a lot of working class , ... secondly : you could see it at the austrian presidential election . 
  odds were slightly in favour of van der bellen . 
  then trump happened and suddenly the odds went in favour of hofer . 
  people thought : `` if even trump can win , then hofer will win for sure '' and bettet on hofer . 
  so the bookies changed their odds . 
  it reality , noone in austria was like : `` oh , i like van der bellen more , but now with trump as a president i 'm gon na go with hofer '' . 
  the opposite happened . 
  i 'd guess there were quiet a few people who thought that they should better get of their ass and vote for van der bellen , so that austria wo n't witness it 's own trump . 
  tl ; dr : bookies are not reliable at all . 
  about le pen and gay marriage : http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2017/02/14/frances-marine-le-pen-quietly-pledges-to-end-same-sex-marriage/ 2 . ), 
  i can think for myself and do not need a `` political leader '' to tell me what 's fascist . 
  nevertheless , i do respect science , and as a matter of fact i studied history !, 
   honestly , i do n't see a point in explaining it all to you . 
  i 've had this discussions so many times and i do n't suppose you are willing to even consider what i 'm saying . 
  but the short answer : strong nationalism , no respect for human rights , always speaking of enemies , obsession with national security , anti-intellectual , corruption < - all very strong indications of fascism . 
  and you can find sources which prove all of these points exist in the fn . 
  i wo n't do it for you . 
  about le pen and gay marriage : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4228540/marine-le-pen-pledges-end-sex-marriage.html ( garbage source , but i guess you could read it in her pledges ) 2 . ), 
  i can think for myself and do not need a `` political leader '' to tell me what 's fascist . 
  nevertheless , i do respect science , and as a matter of fact i studied history !, 
   honestly , i do n't see a point in explaining it all to you . 
  i 've had this discussions so many times and i do n't suppose you are willing to even consider what i 'm saying . 
  but the short answer : strong nationalism , no respect for human rights , always speaking of enemies , obsession with national security , anti-intellectual , corruption < - all very strong indications of fascism . 
  and you can find sources which prove all of these points exist in the fn . 
  i wo n't do it for you . 
  but a fascist party , bashing media , kicking out immigrants and making life hard for lgbt will help them ? 
  that 's even more ridiculous . 
  center left and center right parties all across europe have helped these people so much in the past . 
  and they built a system in which they do not starve to death or die of a flu . 
  an now those parties are the bad establishment ? 
  in the history of mankind , there never was a better time and place to live , than the eu in the last decades . 
  at least for 99 % of the people . 
  it 's not so easy to judge from another country . 
  i guess if i could choose , i would prefer hamon , from what i know about all of them .
