  you think after failing to enter hungary , those refugees are just saying `` welp , time to go home i guess '' ? 
  you think they magically disappear ? 
  what 's really naive is the belief that by closing the borders the immigration problem will just go away . 
  the flows we have now are only a foretaste of what 's to come . 
   you should treat it like a warning this is exactly what i am doing . 
  and you are right , nobody knows what will happen . 
  but in my opinion it is better to start looking for long-term solutions for the immigration problem now while there 's still the time . 
  closing the fucking gate and hoping the problem will just go away/fix itself is n't gon na work . 
  can anyone eli5 the italian referendum ? 
  just yesterday [ this article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5fvi0n/climate_change_will_stir_unimaginable_refugee/ ) was on the frontpage . 
  i fear simply closing the fucking gate will not be an option then . 
  we should start now to look for proper solutions that promote a peaceful coexistence will we still have time , or we will eventually end up with a fully fledged civil war/race war . 
  while this is a somewhat legitimate concern ( the muslim/third world populations are growing too big too fast in cities and metro areas ) , inciting animosity , hatred and simply calling for a `` stop to immigration '' is the wrong way to go about it . 
  there is no stopping it , it 's way too late for that . 
  the problem will not go away just by closing every border and pretending these people do n't exist . 
  we have to find ways to properly integrate these people into society , prevent radicalisation ( of both sides ) , and at the very least coexist peacefully . 
  generally , every german organisation has an `` austrian branch '' . 
  we are pretty unimaginative when it comes to these things . 
  no one is saying that . 
  the fear of these groups is that the muslim population , through uncontrolled immigration and higher average births , will `` replace '' the native population , or at least will become a majority . 
  i live in vienna , and there are parts of the city where it really seems like it 's true , and it must look similar in every major western european city . 
  it remains to be seen wether that will prove true or utter nonsense . 
  you put it very well . 
  british self-deprecation feels much more tongue-in-cheek then when germans/austrians or eastern europeans do it . 
  only vienna and rome . 
  i know i know , really just wanted to make a lame joke about british cuisine . 
  chill i was just fooling around . 
  for all your famous dry humour some of you brits get get riled up remarkably easy . 
  as i have said in another comment , it often seems you are torn between 2 families : europe and the anglosphere . 
  your connections all over the world somewhat prevent you from fully integrating into europe . 
  this is n't * necessarily * a bad thing , but i think it 's a fact . 
  iceland of all places having a housing shortage just seems indredibly weird to me for some reason . 
  maybe it 's not a good analogy , but the uk seems like someone torn between 2 different families . 
  on one hand there is europe growing ever closer together , on the other hand you have the anglosphere and the remnants of the commonwealth . 
  this has always caused the brits to view themselves as being less dependent on their fellow european countries than the rest , and caused them to be always somewhat separate . 
  the european identity just is n't there . 
  just my thoughts . 
  subective opinion : brexit was the wrong choice , both for the uk and europe . 
  objective fact : if the uk indeed does leave , everyone will lose their eu citizenship and all benefits that entails , wether they like it or not . 
  i think the british always thought of themselves as separate ( maybe even superior ? ), 
  from the `` continentals '' , their european identity was never very strong . 
  brexit basically confirmed this , so no , my opinion has n't really changed . 
  i think it was the wrong choice , but it was n't necessarily made out of stupidity , but simply because of a different mentality than the rest of europe . 
  i feel sorry for those brits who wanted to remain and are now forced out of the eu against their will . 
  it is sad to see , but i hope that over all this will strengthen a united europe , and not destroy it . 
  the title is clickbait , but what 's ( supposedly ) unusual is that they are making a political statement at all , not that they are opposing hofer . 
  typical . 
  all you types do is throw insults and slurs around , but when you get called out you immediately , 100 % of the time , begin to whine about `` muh free speech '' . 
  absolutely pathetic . 
  alright rome is n't posh at all i give you that . 
  brussels being the seat of both eu and nato i assumed would have a big impact on rents . 
  but barcelona i most definitely always thought of as a `` rich people city '' . 
  it seems to be incredibly popular especially among non-europeans for some reason , and i assumed that played a factor . 
  you 're not helping your case man . 
  your link does n't work but i think it 's some kind of cured bacon right ? 
  i honestly have no real understanding of the respective economic situations of the cities and their countries , it 's just different numbers than i expected . 
  for some reason i always considered the former cities to be rather `` posh '' , and the latter to be more family-friendly ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  guess that does n't have an impact on prices though . 
  eating cabbage for christmas dinner ? 
  yep , sounds like something the british would do . 
  herrenrasse confirmed . 
  til . 
  no offense but this is probably the dumbest and most pointless map i 've ever seen . 
  edit : also quite a few countries are missing : poland , czechia , slovakia , slovenia , ukraine , romania , serbia , bosnia , albania , armenia , syria , myanmar , sri lanka , bangladesh , belize , turkmenistan , tunisia , algeria , all european dwarf countries ( san marino , liechtenstein etc. ), 
  and probably more . 
  and i know romania for siebenb\u00dcrgen . 
  i honestly never understood why sachertorte of all things is so famous . 
  it 's just a chocolate cake with jelly . 
  now that i think about it it must be a similar same case for vienna ( and probably many other cities on the map as well ) . 
  25 mq is pretty damn tiny . 
  would have thought higher : vienna , brussels , rome , milan , barcelona would have thought lower : dublin , reykjavik , budapest , helsinki, 
  i honestly do n't see how this typical venom spewing by drunk fp\u00d6 tards warrants a british news article . 
  the `` christmas bonus '' ( weihnachtsgeld ) is not really a bonus at all . 
  it 's just that we have a weird system that splits up the salaries into 14 instead of 12 . 
  the 2 additional ones are usually added to the normal june and november salaries and reffered to as a `` bonus '' for simplicity . 
  hilarious how clearly you can make out good ol' silvio in there . 
  pretty sure almost every slavic language has a variation of this : n\u011bmec ( czech ) , nemiecki ( polish ) , nemetskiy ( russian ) etc. 
  the basic gist of the the joke is that latvia is so poor , cold and unremarkable that potatoes are it 's most prized possession and national icon . 
  of course it 's rubbish and a similar joke could probably be made with lots of other countries and foods . 
  why latvia specifically was picked for it i have no idea , but you do n't need intricate knowledge of glorious latvian culture to come up with the joke and understand the basis for it . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , originally it was a polandball comic about latvia , but it pretty much has become a meme about all baltic countries , at least on / r/europe . 
  and you do n't really have to know much about these countries to get the joke : potatoes feature heavily in their cuisine , and they are ( by european standards ) relatively poor . 
  i ca n't believe some people are actually getting butthurt about this , it 's just a dumb meme . 
  and regardless of the origin of the joke , my point about potatoes often being associated with poor countries ( wether they actually are or not ) , and being a symbol for `` simple '' cuisine , still stands and holds true . 
  what exactly is your map supposed to tell me ? 
  if anything it proves my point . 
   every food can be called poor man 's food . 
  i just do n't get your connotation on the potato . 
  poor man 's food does n't mean it 's worse or does n't taste as good . 
  it means , compared to other food sources , it is nutritious and readily available in large quantities regarless of economic situation . 
  potatoes are cheap , hardy , can be grown anywhere , even colder climates ( i.e. 
  baltics ) , are a great energy source , and are the basis for a lot of dishes both simple and refined . 
   yeah , we were poor under soviets , good look on jarhead , that does not mean that we were starving exactly and i dare say a big part in that played potatoes . 
  which brings us back to where we started . 
   it 's not poor men food , it 's typical for northern europeans . 
  a huge variety of potato dishes can be found all over europe and the world . 
  easy to grow even in poorer soils and harsher climates , contains lots of energy , and can be made into a big variety of dishes with relatively little effort . 
  all of these factors make them very important food source during times of famine and scarcity . 
  pretty much a textbook example for ** poor man 's food ** . 
   you do realize polish-lithuanian commonwealth was bread basket of europe ?
