i would argue that a smaller area is also much more manageable , and rules can be enforced more strictly and permanently . 
  for the record , i 'm not bashing slovenia or anything , it really is a beautiful country with an incredibly rich and diverse landscape for it 's size . 
  england has no history of defending against foreign forces ? 
  you might wan na double-check that statement . 
  austria is divided in 9 federal states , each of which has their own distinct dialect . 
  these are of course divided into numerous smaller regional accents . 
  in cities and bigger towns , most people nowadays are capable of switching between hochdeutsch ( standard german ) and their regional dialect at will . 
  in the countryside , less so . 
  as a viennese i speak mostly standard hochdeutsch with an austrian accent . 
  i would not understand someone from , for example , tyrol or , god forbid vorarlberg ( they sound more like swiss ) if they spoke in dialect . 
  the same rules can be applied for pretty much all of the german-speaking world , although i 'd say the swiss/alemannic dialects are in a whole different league than the rest . 
  being `` tiny '' is n't inherently a disadvantage , as the headline seems to imply . 
  if anything i 'd say it is mostly an advantage when it comes to environmental efforts . 
  okay , putinbot . 
  but my point is that serbia would have to be not a friend of russia anymore to even get in . 
  we may never know what would have happened if franz ferdinand had survived , became emperor , ww1 had n't broke out ( it very well may have broken out regardless ) , and these reforms had actually been implemented . 
  i agree , the nationalist sentiments all over the empire were simply too great , and there was n't enough time for reforms , with or without war . 
   dont wory , the aproval rating of eu membership is actualy going down , so i doubt the serbian people will be in favour . 
  you may very well be right . 
   not realy , russia showed no concern about serbia becoming a member . 
  of course , big friendly russia would be totally cool with a close ally coming closer to the west . 
  just look at ukraine . 
  they are still the tightest of bros right ? 
  keeping the empire intact was in hungary 's interest too , especially after 1867 . 
  a lot of the hungarian elite came to believe that on it 's own , surrounded by slavic nations backed by russia , hungary would not survive , or at least would lose lots of land to croatia , slovakia and romania ( which ended up becoming true ) . 
  because if serbia does end up joining the eu ( i think there are still negotiations taking place ) , russia will not like it . 
  likewise , if serbia continues to hold a pro-russian attitude and holds close ties with them , the eu will not like it , and serbia can probably kiss it 's membership goodbye for a long time . 
  saved . 
  that is an awesome post , thanks for that . 
  i do however still think that the breakup was the most likely scenario , even if it maybe was n't `` inevitable . 
  the revitalization and reformation efforts were too little too late . 
  the empire ran out of time . 
  one way or another it would have broken up anyway , with or without `` help '' from the entente . 
  it was dying even before ww1 , and essentially the only thing holding it together was the old , universally respected ( if not beloved ) emperor , and hungary 's fear of imperialist russia . 
  sooner or later serbia will have to make a choice . 
  if it wants into eu it will have to distance itself from russia . 
  not surprised at all . 
  i 'd really like to see these `` statistics '' that determine the ratio of ugly vs beautiful women per country . 
  also , if women have to actually doll themselves up more and `` catch a husband '' , i consider that an argument against a country and not for it . 
   and they have some very beautiful and down to earth women . 
  you hear this a lot when someone `` defends '' a particular country , but i do n't get why . 
  i am pretty sure every country has it 's fair share of beautiful and nice women , it 's nothing special and not an achievement . 
  it also has nothing to do with belarus being a dictatorship . 
  you should also try to see the german turk point of view . 
  the younger generations have german passports and grow up bilingual , yet they learn from a young age , from both sides , german and turkish , that they are n't `` real '' germans . 
  they are essentially foreigners in both countries , and face a huge identity crisis ( consciously or not ) . 
  so they create their own identity based around the `` ghetto culture '' which you mentioned , which only further separates them . 
  similar phenomenons can be observed all over central/western europe . 
  is eh ois des s\u00f6be in woaheit . 
  na servas . 
  do host a wieda recht . 
  i think it 's not that uncommon among non-indo-european languages . 
  also , germany and belgium with the pan-african colors . 
  in the east ( in and around vienna ) it would probably be a lot better received than in the western ( alpine ) regions , so it 's really hard to say . 
  you said , `` i do n't think '' , and i said i do . 
  i do . 
  absolute utter rubbish . 
  for the most part , east - asian and african immigrant and mixed race children can perfectly integrate into society , and have a clear national identity . 
  sadly they will experience racism from time to time , but by an large they will be considered fellow citizens and europeans . 
  you really think the burkini will help with muslim integration then ? 
  you are wrong . 
  it only serves to further the gap between muslims and non-muslims and supports a parallel society . 
  well ? 
  how do they make it even work ? 
  please tell me , and then please tell me how you would implement this system on the muslims of france and help with their integration . 
  i know this because i live in a very multicultural city ( vienna ) and experience it first hand every day . 
  and in france it must be 100 % worse . 
  if a `` 3rd generation immigrant '' still mainly speak their grandparents ' language and/or clings to tradition that conflict with their `` home '' countries values ( for example burqa ) , they * are * strangers to me . 
  there is no thing such as `` most racist country '' , although i am 100 % sure white countries are objectively among the least racist nowadays . 
  sure . 
  the immigrants that do n't even make an effort to get accepted by europeans , do n't even try to learn the language or customs of their host country , continue to live exactly like they did in their home countries regardless of law , and create parallel societies , they are completely innocent . 
  all whiteys fault `` cuz colonialism '', 
  austria was already declared `` racism capital of the world '' or some crap . 
  sounds pretty white guilt-y to me . 
  yet another american viewpoint that blames the failure of muslim integration in europe on the europeans alone . 
  yep, 
  if i had the time , a car , or friends for an interrail trip , i probably would . 
  the st. stephens day i 'm talking about is in winter after christmas , and different in many countries . 
  too lazy to make a map lol . 
  while funny , this is pretty misleading . 
  i 'm pretty sure in austria we have in fact a stephen 's day ( stefanitag ) , as do many other countries . 
  it just happens to be a different st. stephen . 
  one was a christian martyr of the 1st century ( not sure if he was an apostle ) , the other is a hungarian king . 
  that would make the article better , arguably . 
  and what 's that ? 
  i 'd prefer if god magically made more of it instead of blessing what little there is left . 
  and the process to sort-of unify these ethnicities was a long and bloody one that spanned multiple centuries , even on the much smaller scale of the uk . 
  europe * can * and i hope * will * eventually federalize , but we are not quite there yet . 
  they literally translated kurz as short lmao, 
  til horses eat trees . 
  i 'd really like to visit northern spain one day . 
  got ta be one of the most beautiful and unique regions of europe . 
  til where `` instagib '' comes from . 
  the baltic states together have barely 6 million people today , did literally a third of the whole population take part in this ? 
  even if the population was slightly bigger back then it 's still crazy . 
  well i have heard various americans refer to themselves as `` x-american '' based on their ancestry , but you are most likely right . 
  i wonder what exactly is a `` danish-american '' or `` ethnic dane '' in this context . 
  it can be someone who has danish ancestry and surname from 5 generations ago , but it also can be someone who just migrated to the us 10 years ago . 
  i should be pointed out that he article actually acknowledges this . 
  true , it can not happen overnight .
