  haha yeah i missed that, 
  6,5 gbp is almost 8 $ for a fucking bratwurst with fries . 
  that 's insane to me . 
  i have legit never in my life seen an actual `` ham planet '' . 
  i wonder how common they really are in the us . 
  i think us people with nice parents often underestimate how shitty others can be . 
  i 'd still live with my mom if she did n't move out to her boyfriend . 
  i see absolutely nothing wrong with it tbh . 
  how original . 
   climate change is 100 % natural , not a problem , runs in predictable cycles , and co2 is good for the earth . 
  bernie sanders is left leaning in context of * american * politics , where univeral healthcare is seen as a revolutionary , radical concept . 
  and what about the_donald and alt-right movements ? 
  let 's not forget these things also come from america . 
  young americans more left leaning than germans ? 
  the fuck are you smoking ? 
  lol , never was under question . 
  that 's definitely a stone bridge . 
  there 's plenty of antisemites all over europe blaming `` the kikes '' for their countries misfortunes . 
  this particular guy happens to be ukrainian . 
  that does n't just magically justify anything russia is doing . 
  russia does n't give a shit about jews . 
  basically he was constantly sabotaged by his own party , especially by foreign and interior ministers kurz and sobotka , respectively . 
  on top of that , national tv made an untasteful joke about him even though he lost his daughter to cancer a few months ago . 
  personally i think he was one of the more reasonable and intelligent people in the giant shitshow that is the \u00d6vp . 
  hopefully this is the nail in their self-built coffin . 
  again , that 's exactly what hyperbole is . 
  exaggeration for emphasis . 
  in this case `` nobody '' clearly means `` not enough to ever make it '' , not literally nobody . 
  do n't play dumb . 
  ever heard of `` hyperbole '' ? 
  it 's a rhetoric device to make a point . 
  do you have a solution for this problem ? 
  [ what about this ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pressed_duck ), 
  * very centralised country , with paris and \u00cele-de-france being it 's heart and soul . 
  * very strict language policy , only french is official language . 
  many declining and/or endangered dialects . 
  * have some overseas territories , remnants of their old colonial empire , most of which are formally part of the eu . 
  * at some point invaded pretty much every corner of europe , from portugal to russia , from sweden to sicily . 
  * very republican and secular mentality and culture , even by european standards . 
  * famous for their cuisine , but also have some very questionable dishes . 
  * franco-belgian comics are the greatest of all time . 
  this is why the austrian green party is currently unelectable , irrelevant and unpopular . 
  instead of focussing on actual `` green '' issues they waste their time and energy with this pointles crap , which also could backfire horribly . 
  those damn lizard people are at it again huh ? 
  what is it with these weird fucking articles from these weird fucking sites ? 
  this author advocates creationism in one of his other articles on the same site . 
  keep this retarded garbage out of here . 
  vienna is basically the slovak capital already , so at least they got their wish . 
   frans van der avert has said that `` cities are dying from tourism '' . 
  `` no one will be living in the historic centres any more . '' i 'd argue this has been happening for a long time , certainly before ryanair and airbnb . 
  mass tourism is bad for every place , wether it 's in nature or a city . 
  while i 'm not a big fan of airbnb , i 'm not sure it 's entirely to blame for that . 
  at least we do n't have your irrational fear of vowels . 
  i 'm always in favour of closer ties to our eastern bros ( geographically speaking , do n't kill me pls ) , so this is nice . 
  maybe we can finally into visegrad 2.0 ? 
  crawl back to the_douchebag where you came from , retard, 
  lol that 's what i thought . 
  but they do n't need official minority status for that , do they ? 
  my grandfather is hungarian and i eat lots of goulash . 
  i could declare myself `` hungarian-austrian '' , but what would be the point ? 
  do croatian-americans have any sort of legal recognition or minority status in america ? 
  i do n't think so , yet they clearly are free to speak their language and practice their customs just like everyone else . 
  i do n't see your point . 
  for example ? 
  to be honest , no idea who that is . 
  edit : apparently it 's stipe miocic . 
  he 's not croatian , he is american with croatian roots . 
  if they are speaking swedish and not finnish then what would be the point in declaring them a minority ? 
  not sure i 'm happy with that tbh . 
  you saracens are truly cruel !, 
  beautiful city with a very unique and interesting history , especially to me as a big old austria-hungary fanboy . 
  although i must say that the dead seagulls in the harbor were somewhat ruining the idyllic atmosphere when i was there . 
  they basically are to romania , what austria is to germany . 
  feel the same about what , exactly ? 
  also , you are the one blatantly pushing a narrative here , not me . 
  username checks out . 
  speak for yourself . 
  by that logic slovenes are `` land thieves '' as well , as slavs are not indigenous to central europe either . 
   it is really ... weird i would say . 
  you kinda feel like you are at home , but there will always be a nagging feeling in the back of your head that something is not right . 
  similar to how your home is feeling if you have a lucent dream . 
  funny , i felt much the same when i was in nrw . 
  feels good man . 
  where ? 
  all i see is the bohemian sea . 
  i 'm not saying that it should be the ultimate goal of the eu to become a military superpower like the usa . 
  i 'm saying that , should the eu federalize further , closer military cooperation between countries , and eventually maybe even a joined european army , would be the next logical step . 
  this would ( hopefully ) decrease the individual countries military spending , and increase the eu 's capacity to act as a united political entity on the global stage . 
  i 'm aware this is not in everyone 's best interest , but i firmly believe it is best for europe . 
  i live uncomfortably close to that damp venetian armpit . 
  that 's ... interesting . 
  but why not annex austria and make it an italian province then ? 
  most people in the video look and sound more european than the turks in my country . 
  look at the other country names , they are all in their native language . 
  `` czesk\u00e1 '' looks to me just like a translation error , which furthers my point that this map is all over the place . 
  i think the main argument pro-eu should n't be that it ensures peace * between * european countries , but rather that it gives europe as a whole more global political , economical and military power and relevance . 
  this would have gone terribly , * terribly * wrong very fast . 
  edit : also , why are all countries named in their native language except austria ? 
  i suspect it is to avoid using the german language at all , but it looks really silly .
