  but i think it 's the ultimate goal the eu and every supporter of federalism should work towards . 
  i disagree our cultures are too different . 
  we speak different languages , but across western and central europe , our values and cultural heritage are largely the same . 
  of course you are right that * right now * , europe is not unified , but i believe it could be . 
  nationalism and patriotism are the key to this . 
  they can not be simply overcome , but they * can * be redirected towards a european identity , as opposed to national identity . 
  very true . 
  as a european federalist , i think this is exactly the mentality that has to go if we ever want a truly unified europe . 
  single member states will and should have to accept some loss of sovereignty if we actually want the eu to get shit done on a big scale . 
  otherwise all countries will continue to do what they want anyway . 
  this would mean the eu will either remain the ineffectual mess it is now , or even disband eventually , and europe will drift further into irrelevancy . 
  and why is that , in your opinion ? 
  maybe i 'm naive , but i am of the firm opinion that an actually somewhat unified , strong europe would be much better prepared for and efficient at dealing with current problems like : - terrorism and war - resource management - climate change - immigration - economic instability it will take a few years and many countries and people will have to put their own interests behind for a bit , but in the end i believe it would be the best thing for europe 's cititizens and the whole world . 
  but only 14 % said yes . 
  op here , you are obviously more informed than me on the matter , and of course `` more tolerant '' is a gross exaggeration on my part . 
  i still think comparing the empire with isis is quite ignorant . 
  does n't mean they are comparable to isis . 
  old isis ? 
  the ottoman empire at the time was more tolerant than it 's european enemies , both culturally and racially . 
  edit : alright that 's a bit of an exaggeration , but comparing the ottomans to isis is very ignorant imo . 
  wikihow creeps me the fuck out for some reason . 
  vienna is about as `` provincial '' as paris or stockholm . 
  as i said , all that was * after * ww2 . 
  hitler and others of his generation were considered `` deutsch\u00f6sterreicher '' and austrian national identity was very weak . 
  and as for mozart , you 'd actually be correct in calling him german as well as austrian , since when he lived there was no real distinction between them . 
  austria was just one of many german states ( the most powerful one in fact ) . 
  do n't be mistaken , americanization or ather `` anglization '' is strong anywhere in western and northern europe despite `` language barriers '' , because everyone can speak english anyway . 
  hitler was ethnic german , considered himself and was considered by germans as such , just like the rest of austria before ww2 . 
  this should be common knowledge , but sadly is n't . 
  considering the insane shit regularly coming out of erdogan 's and other turkish politician 's mouths , i ai n't even mad anymore . 
  there are probably over 50.000 turkish citizens in vienna , the `` austrians '' with turkish roots and tourists not included . 
  literally no one even gives a fuck if you speak or behave turkish . 
  i was n't aware this is a sardinian stereotype , but this cliche probably exists for a lot of rural , `` backwards '' areas known for their lifestock . 
  you sound pretty condescending . 
  this is no more the `` real italy '' than some sheep fucker town in wales is the `` real uk '' . 
  northern italy ( lombardia , south-tyrol , trentino ) is one of the most populous , wealthy and industrialized regions in all of europe and the mediterranean attitude you described is almost completely absent . 
  does that make them less `` real '' or italian ? 
  and many of those small countries derived their names from the germanic tribes of that region as well , for example : hessen : chatti schwaben : suebi bayern : baiovarii, 
  i can live with that . 
  ironically by that point we pretty much were a `` zombie empire '' as well . 
  what i find really interesting here is that in finnish , germany is `` saksa '' , obviously derived from the saxon tribe . 
  then what would be the point of a second vote ( despite flushing money down the figurative drain ) ? 
  `` counterproductive bureaucracy '' might as well be our state motto . 
  this kommentar gave mir eye krebs . 
  in my defence , in german the saying is `` schafspelz '' ( sheep 's coat as in fur ) . 
  it was just a joke . 
  hofer might be a nazi , but it turns out there really was some pretty bad misconduct during the first voting . 
  not sure if anyone in the uk has the authority to contest the vote outcome like the fp\u00d6 did in austria . 
  i do n't think he is any worse than right-wing nationalists of other countries , and maybe he actually can do some good for our country if he gets elected . 
  but he objectively is a modern-day closet nazi , just like the rest of his party , which should be obvious to anyone with half a brain . 
  but he pretty much is . 
  a typical deutschnationaler ( german nationalist ) , who takes part in ww2-commemorations and secretly thinks austria should n't even exist . 
  a wolf in sheep 's coating . 
  the f\u00fchrer was erroneously not elected . 
  got ta rectify that real quick . 
  second place is just the first loser man . 
  it 's pretty common in my country as well . 
  i think it 's just an old/conservative people thing . 
  of course but in my opinion the `` deutsche krieg '' of 1866 is one of the most significant events in the forming of both our nations , yet often overlooked or even completely unknown . 
  i could swear they mean the same in croatia . 
  exactly , they start off with asking what music you like and then regardless of answer go on about how they are a young band from [ baltic country ] who want to make it big . 
  i have no problem with them being from there i just find it kind of strange that they would come all the way here just for that . 
  to be honest i 'm usually more inclined to give my money to the latter . 
  sieges of vienna by the ottomans ( 1529 and 1683 ) : arguably saved the occident and marked the decline of the ottoman empire . 
  battle of k\u00f6niggr\u00e4tz ( 1866 ) : prussia kicked us out of germany forever . 
  ww1 ( 1914-1918 ) : arguably started the whole affair . 
  our dying empire finally collapses . 
  anschluss and ww2 ( 1938-1945 ) : we probably were the bad guys . 
  staatsvertrag/independence treaty ( 1955 ) : we really dodged a bullet by avoiding incorporation into the eastern bloc . 
  there are tons of these guys in my city ( vienna ) , and they are usually baltics ( estonians , latvians , lithuanians ) . 
  it 's really weird . 
  maybe it 's different where you live but they are definitely no romas . 
  i 'd say from an administrative standpoint it is not very effective , it is bloated and unnecessarily complicated , like all bureaucracy in at . 
  however , the landeshauptm\u00e4nner ( state governors ) are quite powerful both on a federal and state level and within their respective parties , and they firmly oppose all notions of a more centralized government , which of course would be at their expense . 
  not unlike a mini-eu , really . 
  `` austria '' as a nation state is much younger ( barely 100 yrs old ) than many of it 's federal states and some even predate the fouding of the marchia orientalis ( ostarrichi ) a 1000 years ago . 
  the borders of the states are mostly the same they were in the habsburg empire . 
  quite a few people , especially in the west , consider themselves tyrolean , carinthian or whatever first and austrian second and want to preserve what independence they have from vienna . 
  this is crude and stupid even for altright standards . 
  why does reddit nowadays have to constantly be filled with this disgusting garbage ? 
  / r/crappydesign also , i absolutely hate this custom . 
  in my opinion sneezing should be politely ignored and not commented on . 
  i never say anything . 
  each time this gets reposted i dislike this map more and more . 
  the categories are not only nonsensical and random ( `` old europe '' , `` fag hags '' like what ) , the `` borders '' are also really off . 
   animated, 
  salty north hungarian spotted . 
  it 's clearly pink on the map . 
  where do those immigrants mainly come from ? 
  i always thought latvia was relatively homogenous , apart from the russian/belarusian minority , which surely must be shrinking ? 
  about how the refugees trying to integrate by learning the swedish language ? 
  seems more like the opposite to me . 
  you 're completely right , that must be it . 
  alright which countries could it be . 
  for italian , san marino is obvious , and maybe monaco . 
  but what micro nation could possibly want to learn turkish so bad ? 
  op probably meant ` european ' as in turkey . 
  no one is disputing greece or italy are european . 
  she 's used to it . 
  why are italian and turkish even there ?
