  * since you 're essentially just entering the home you paid for , for , i 'd say you do n't have to bring anything . 
  it will probably endear you to your hosts if you do , but it wo n't be a big deal otherwise . 
  otherwise , the personality and preferences of your host ( s ) , and other people you might come across , will be more important in your interactions than any social conventions , which should n't be * too * different from the uk . 
  one thing to consider : some people 's english skills might not be as good as you 'd expect/hope for . 
  i 'd advise you to try and speak clearly and not too fast , but not so much that it becomes too obvious . 
  there are tons of medieval festivals ( similar to renaissance fairs in the usa ) , there is some napoleonic era reenactment going on around vienna , and and gladiatorial mock fights are held in the original , still standing ruins of the amphitheatre of the ancient roman city of [ carnuntum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnuntum ) . 
  i 'm fairly sure we have some american civil war enthusiasts/nutjobs here as well . 
  as a tyrolean you can of course ignore that part . 
  bathroom, 
  austria traditionally is relatively pro-russian ( for western europe standards ) and a popular holiday destination for rich russians due to it 's neutrality . 
  i have 2 russians at my workplace . 
  i do n't know them very well or what their political beliefs are , but they generally are quiet , polite and friendly . 
  from online games and communities , my experiences with russians are mixed . 
  i have met plenty of typical cyka blyat flamers , but also a lot of quite nice and chill players . 
  i have also met a few `` gopnik '' types from various slavic countries , and assume russian ones behave much the same . 
  they are really obnoxious . 
  national pride i guess, 
  they look like completely different dishes to me , but both look delicious . 
  i never understood why people do this in areas with drinkable tap water . 
  at least where i live tap water tastes the same or better than bottled water , yet people insist on buying and dragging around these huge heavy bottles . 
  good luck with that on reddit . 
  pretending to dislike germans and hate/don ' t understand their accent . 
  i have german relatives and co-workers and even i do it on occasion , even though it 's incredibly silly , because * it 's just what you do * . 
  good way of putting it . 
  you 're probably right , the neutral manner in which the various cultures are depicted in m&b is relatively uncommon . 
  not sure what you mean by `` current political climate '' and how it affects games . 
  that said , m&b : warband is 7 years old already . 
  those are excellent and unique games i agree , but not my personal cup of tea . 
  i think it sounds very soft and `` wet '' compared to most other european languages . 
  american english especially always sounded like a frog or duck croaking/quacking to me . 
  gothic 2 ( german ) witcher 3 ( polish ) total war series ( british ) mount & blade : warband ( turkey , if we count it ) . 
  i think having it 's own , fully functioning army is important for any country , even in europe nowadays . 
  i respect our military , but i do n't have particularly huge faith in it . 
  mandatory service and chronic underfunding do n't do it any favors . 
  my brother was in the military and had mostly positive experiences . 
  i think the reputation as stupid losers , drunkards and right-wingers is mostly undeserved . 
  they 're just people doing their job like everyone else . 
  true , it does n't seem to exist in every language . 
  does n't seem specifically estonian to me , in german we use more or less the same sounds in the same way you described ( in austria at least ) . 
  exactly , every nationality seems to claim this about themselves . 
  a federation , by definition , is a union of ( more or less ) autonomous , self-determined states with a central , overarching government that represents them on the international stage . 
  there is no reason to believe you would have to immediately give up your language and customs in such a hypothetic federation . 
  in fact , that would be 100 % impossible . 
  and would n't an internationally strong european federation be much more desirable than shitty little countries bickering among each other and fading into obscurity ? 
  that 's a bad example because those were involuntary and oppressive unions , unlike the european union , which is founded ( in theory ) on the principles of equality and co-determination for everyone . 
  having a `` unifying ethos '' does n't mean you have to give up national identity . 
  you can strongly identify as both a european citizen and  insert country < citizen . 
  you can be patriotic without wanting to dominate or murder your neighbours . 
  the us/nato probably drops a few bombs on afghanistan every week . 
  this one just happens to be ( apparently ) bigger than usual . 
  the condescending way non-europeans , particularly americans , are treated . 
  as a viennese , these are the 2 things i would recommend to a history buff : * the [ heeresgeschichtliches museum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/museum_of_military_history,_vienna ) . 
  it houses many original artefacts from austrian/austro-hungarian military history , among them the car and uniform in which archduke franz ferdinand was assassinated in sarajevo . 
  * [ carnuntum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carnuntum ) , situated between vienna and bratisclava . 
  an amazingly preserved/reconstructed roman archaeological site , probably one fo the best in the world . 
  they even have some gladiatorial reenactment going on in the original , still standing amphitheatres . 
  had no idea about this . 
  now that sounds like a really interesting thing to do in rome . 
   and how many people 's death did he cause ? 
  the nazis could have gassed 100 million people , and your argument still would n't be more relevant . 
  haider and his fp\u00d6 party are actually very pro-serbia traditionally . 
  and of course , slovenia has it 's own little haider in jelincic plemeniti who ( surprise , surprise ! ), 
  i hear is pretty pro-serb is well . 
  hitler was 80 years ago . 
  the yugoslavia wars were around 20 years ago . 
  germans and austrians got the stupid , aggressive nationalism literally beaten out of them . 
  who knows , maybe the same will happen to serbs one day . 
  you kidding me ? 
  austrian nationalism basically consists of pretending to dislike/having a rivalry with germany , and lamenting about the good old times . 
  it 's pretty much tongue-in-cheek . 
  the angry and violent ethnic nationalism that is found in serbia , croatia , bosnia and albania , is virtually * nonexistent * in austria , except among literal nazis who want reunification with germany , and it is far less socially acceptable . 
  weekly or daily . 
  nothing special at all . 
  that includes both austrian citizens with asian heritage , and actual asians ( mostly chinese , vietnamese and japanese people ) . 
  * many serbs are aggressively nationalistic , even for balkan standards , which is annoying and obnoxious . 
  * they have a strained and bloody relationship with pretty much all their neighbours , especially croats and bosnians , who funnily enough are the most similar to them . 
  * they all drive bmws . 
  * serbian cuisine cuisine is delicious ( like all balkanic cuisines ) * all serbs i 've met have been nice/decent people . 
   should i expect any sort of prejudices due to being american ? 
  unless you behave like a stereotypical american , no . 
  generally , people do n't care about american politics and trump as much as it might seem on reddit . 
   due to being black ? 
  yes , you should . 
  african-americans are seen as `` cool '' , handsome and exotic by lots of people in europe , and less arrogant than white americans , so that will usually work in your favor . 
  on the other hand , if you get unlucky and run into some racists , you may very well get openly called `` nigger '' , or the country 's equivalent to that , or other insults . 
  generally , older people ( 50 + ) will be more suspicious or downright hostile to you , while most young people will be neutral/friendly towards you . 
  at the very least prepare to receive some stares ( some nice and some-not-so-nice ) , especially in the countryside if you chose to go there . 
  and also , unless you make it clear that you 're american , many people might actually assume you are african , so be prepared for that . 
   i do n't speak a 2nd language , will that be a problem ? 
  for the most part you will get by perfectly fine with english , but you should n't 100 % rely on everyone speaking it . 
  if you are unlucky , you * may * end up in a situation where the other does n't speak it , or is just intelligible . 
  this is just for my country , but should mostly apply to most of western/central europe . 
  the muslims of course . 
  in my country they are mainly turks and bosnians , but also plenty from middle-eastern and african countries . 
  i personally do n't have much direct contact with them , but my brother was serving in the austrian army ( conscripted ) with lots of muslims , and he had some interesting stories to tell . 
  they actually pray towards mekka 5 times a day , and the concept of not believing anything is just absolutely mind-boggling to them , they ca n't grasp the concept . 
  when my brother said he was atheist , they straight up told him he would become a demon of hell upon death . 
  not in a hateful way , but matter-of-factly . 
  keep in mind these are young guys , 18-25 years old . 
  for the most part they are normal , peaceful people like you and me of course , but they have been brainwashed since youth and just live in a completely different world from us .
