  there 's so many . 
  that we are an `` alpine nation '' like switzerland . 
  in reality only about half of the country is mountainous , and most of the population is concentrated in the eastern , flat parts . 
   though of a more fun stereotype : they way they celebrate football . 
  it seems whenever the turkish national team wins an important match they move their entire party into the smallest car they can find . 
  then they just drive around honking and hanging out the window waving the turkish flag . 
  that 's no different from croats , serbs etc. 
  in my experience . 
  in vienna , turks are pretty much the archetypical immigrant . 
  they are generally regarded as stubborn , proud , aggressive , loud , unwilling to integrate and properly speak the german language . 
  they are not , as far as i know , associated at all with crime . 
  their kebab is delicious . 
  objectively , coexistence is very peaceful , and there 's also plenty of well integrated turks . 
  most are n't overly religious ( or at least keep it to their homes ) , and more or less nice people . 
  however , `` packs '' of adolescents tend to get rowdy and i had my share of unpleasant altercations . 
  overall the reputation of turks has probably suffered from erdogans recent exploits , but so far it had zero impact on public life , as far as i can see . 
  classic american style burgers , d\u00f6ner kebab , and semmel ( bread roll ) with sausage or [ leberk\u00e4se ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leberk%c3%a4se ) . 
  open-faced dark bread with spread on it i do n't really qualify as `` sandwich '' . 
  english does n't really have a unique symbol as far as i 'm aware , so it 's not a problem . 
  german keyboard is very similar to english , except goes qwertz and has additional \u00e4 , \u00f6 , \u00fc keys . 
  most keyboards actually have a $ instead of $ sign ( i use alt +0128 for it ) . 
  when i was a kid ( 90s ) , `` neger '' was the standard word for blacks , mostly without negative connotations , and there was chocolate candy with names like `` negerbrot '' and `` negerk\u00fcsse '' . 
  pretty much unthinkable today among younger people , but older people sometimes still use it . 
  pizza and spaghetti normally have tomato sauce , putting ketchup on them feels stupid and redundant . 
  ketchup belongs on fries , potatos , meatballs , sausages , leberk\u00e4se , some sandwiches , maybe steak . 
  austria is bigger then benelux states combined , but it has less than a third of their population , so it 's pretty `` small '' in that sense . 
  most fitting would probably be the [ eastern imperial eagle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_imperial_eagle ) , which also was the heraldic eagle of austria-hungary . 
  but all 3 species can be found here , and most people ca n't tell the difference anyway , so who cares . 
  75 $ , 10 years . 
  true , it 's just that you hear a lot more about right wing populists these days . 
  first time i 'm hearing that , and ca n't find any source on it . 
  there are n't many specific austrian stereotypes i 'm aware of , because most are associated with bavaria , which is in turn confused with all of germany . 
  for austria , it 's the eagle , specifically white-tailed eagle , the bald eagle 's european cousin . 
  both the austrian and german eagle are derived from the reichsadler ( imperial eagle ) of the holy roman empire . 
  and , like all heraldic eagles ( including the american one ) , the reichsadler is in turn derived from the aquila standard of the roman legion . 
  i would n't call myself a communist , but i would rather have a more economically homogenous society than we have now . 
  some people not knowing what to do with their money , while others literally starve , can not be a desirable state for society , nor is it sustainable forever . 
  i believe resources and money could and should be allocated much more efficiently than they are now . 
  but at the same time , i realize this is pretty much an utopia and currently impossible to achieve with the system we have in place . 
  what do you think ? 
  generally , europe is divided into more or less 4 major political ideologies : * centre-right : conservatives , christian democrats * centre-left : social democrats * far-left : green party , progressives , communists * far-right : nationalists , eurosceptics , right-wing populists from my experience , `` liberal '' is more or less used interchangeably with `` neoliberal '' , so it is associated with deregulation , free trade , privatization , etc. 
  so `` liberalism '' here it is generally considered to be more right-wing and `` american '' . 
  is your question a quote from somewhere or did you come up with it ? 
  the way you make your `` equal outcomes '' sound , it 's basically communism ( e.g. 
  economical homogenization ) . 
  are you trying to be clever by asking a thinly-veiled `` communism vs capitalism '' question ? 
  sure sounds like it . 
  exactly , it seems people always like to shit on their own politicians , but then complain about having to `` give up sovereignty to brussels '' . 
  if your government is so shit anyway , why would an eu government be any worse ? 
   romania in particular is used as a scapegoat by populists all across europe . 
  sorry , but from my perspective this sounds like paranoia . 
  romania is hardly ever brought up in politics or in the news at all , and if it is , it 's in context of corruption and protests , but not as a `` scapegoat '' for anything . 
  believe it or not , romanians actually have a pretty good reputation , at least where i live . 
  romania = gypsies is a stupid meme , not much more . 
  also , i 'm curious how you envision your country `` standing up for itself '' . 
  do you really think you 'd be better off on your own ? 
  this is some good insight , i can see how eu funding can be a double-edged sword . 
  still , even how you write it , to me it seems the benefits outweigh the drawbacks . 
  i do n't believe those countries would fare better `` on their own '' . 
  sure i do , and i understand why a lot of you feel resentment towards western europe . 
  but i fail to see how clinging to grudges and pride , even going as far as to say `` we should refuse the money '' , is going to help improve your situation . 
  i firmly believe the eu is the main driving force between west and east growing closer together . 
  should n't that be in your interest as well ? 
  vienna because it 's the current seat of my national government . 
  brussels because it 's the de-facto eu capital . 
  strasbourg because it 's the location of the european parliament . 
  i do agree that currently , eastern europe definitely is ` second rate ' in the eu , and it will continue for some time , but that does n't mean it will always have to be like that . 
  i actually believe that in the interest of further integration and cooperation , some institutions should and will be moved to various eastern european locations in the next few years/decades . 
  i 'm sorry you think that way . 
  there 's nothing wrong with national pride , but clinging to petty grudges and an inferiority complex over things that happened a century ago , holds back both your country and mine . 
  at the end of the day it 's absolutely meaningless compared to the challenges europe will face in the future . 
  europe will face huge political , economic , and environmental challenges in the coming decades . 
  a politcally united , strong europe would be in a much better position to tackle those issues . 
  resources could be allocated more efficiently . 
  for example , a shared military budget , as opposed to every small country having it 's own , would considerably reduce total spending , while at the same time increasing effectiveness and capacity to act . 
  for the record , i do n't think military cooperation should be the primary reason or focus , but it 's a good example . 
  if loss of `` national sovereignty '' , and perhaps even identity ( although i do n't think that will happen in our lifetime ) is the price we have to pay , then so be it . 
  at the end of the day , i do n't really care wether i 'm being ruled from vienna , brussels , strasbourg , or wherever in europe , as long as the government continues to uphold and defend european values and interests . 
   arrogant westerners who probably see us as backwards and primitive i hope the irony is n't lost on you . 
  well from my experience most germans do n't care about it at all and i did n't think she did either , which made it even stranger . 
  it offends me when those people do n't actually know what they 're talking about . 
  recently my german cousin matter-of-factly tried to tell me that we `` sent '' hitler over to them , that we 're the original nazis , it 's basically all our fault etc. , which is the same rubbish austrians used to tell themselves , except reversed . 
  i just rolled my eyes at her and said nothing , but i was actually pretty pissed . 
  so if someone chooses to broach such a subject , they should be reasonably well informed , and not just spurt `` factoids '' . 
   spain = horse  germany = wolf ? 
  these are all wrong . 
  spain = bull germany = eagle sweden = moose for austria it would probably be eagle as well , or maybe the alpine ibex . 
  i always thought of my country and myself as rather un-patriotic . 
  but after 2 years of / r/europe , as well as interacting with germans in rl and comparing our attitude to them , i 'm not so sure anymore . 
  i now think for western europe we 're actually rather stubborn and nationalistic . 
  but i 'm still an euro-federalist and eu supporter , and think both attitudes can and should coexist . 
  of the 9 [ states of austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/states_of_austria ) i have been to 8 , the exception being upper austria . 
  however , keep in mind that this total area is about as large as a mid-sized us state , so that 's not too impressive . 
  no it was n't . 
  the different tribes and warlords were in a constant power struggle , with genghis khan eventually emerging on top . 
  without him , another leader would have eventually emerged , or a confederation would have formed , as happened many times before that . 
  similarly , the nsdap did n't necessarily need hitler to take advantage of the general attitude and economic and political circumstances and grab power . 
  he was a great orator and figurehead , but not really the mastermind behind everything . 
  of course i ca n't be sure of these things , these are just my personal theories and observations i have made from reading up on this stuff . 
   yeah , and people had bows-and-arrows and horses before genghis khan was born .
