  * [ battle of lissa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lissa_ ( 1866 ) ) : sea battle against a numerically superior italian fleet . 
  it was one of the first battles involving ironclad ships , and won due to the unorthodox and unexpected tactic of deliberate ramming . 
  i think my fellow europeans are too quick to judge here . 
  yes , it may seem antiquated to us smug , modern europeans now . 
  but we have to remember that the concept of american exceptionalism , as defined in the article , was conceived at a time when most other nations were ( often absolute ) monarchies , or similar authoritarian regimes . 
  being a republic , as well as the unique history and geopolitical situation , were key components in forming the american national identity . 
  `` american exceptionalism '' was just one way of expressing this newfound identity . 
  in my opinion it 's not better or worse than other forms of nationalism . 
  lame , would rather have [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw9zxepzeza ) back . 
  too bad germany basically took it , for whatever reason . 
  that 's directly in the alps though , terrible location for a big city . 
  well , having a modern city as eu capital has it 's pros and cons i 'd say but maybe you 're right . 
  you must have never been to vienna , then . 
  i actually believe vienna would be an excellent choice for capital , and not just because i live there : * high standard of living . 
  * high prestige . 
  * safe ; low crimes rates and unrest for it 's size . 
  * located in politically stable , small , ( nominally ) neutral country . 
  * located centrally ; the perfect bridge between east and west . 
  * larger than brussels , but not too large . 
  other cities i think could be good choices : frankfurt , hamburg , munich , strasbourg , rotterdam , dublin , prague , rome . 
  about obscure ancient peoples with unique languages that do n't exist anymore and have no direct successors . 
  the etruscans , iberians , illyrians ... 
  for german : viennese ( my own ) , hamburg ( pirate-y ) and saxon ( funny ) accents . 
  for english : southern us accent , because i see it sort of as the ( american ) english equivalent to what the austro-bavarian dialects are to german . 
  exactly . 
  vegans are often mocked for being delusional about supposed health benefits , when in fact a lot of them do n't do it for health reasons . 
  from a humane and ecological standpoint it is the right thing to do , so i have huge respect for vegans . 
  i personally ca n't live without proper meat though ( yet ) . 
  hopefully i do n't offend anyone , but i have heard from multiple sources that z\u00fcrich is quite an ugly and boring city by swiss standards . 
  so maybe consider another destination ? 
  my maternal grandfather is hungarian , and i have his hungarian surname . 
  however , none of his children/grandchildren seriously consider themselves half/quarter hungarian respectively . 
  none of us speak the language , and we have little ties there . 
  austria ( allegedly ) has the biggest per capita pork consumption in the eu . 
  also , i think western veganism is much more common in cities , and we are a relatively rural country with only one major city . 
  so , probably not very big . 
  i live in the aforementioned major city ( vienna ) though , and i do know a few vegans . 
  there 's a few reasons why iceland has so few people . 
  what about lithuania ? 
  pretty sparsely populated for it 's size too ... why not just cut it in half and give one half to the roma ? 
  problem solved , right ? 
  no , because : * there is no original roma home country . 
  no one knows exactly where they came from , the general consensus is `` somewhere from north india '' . 
  * no country , neither in europe , nor asia , or elsewhere , would willingly give up clay without a fight for a hypothetical roma state . 
  and honestly , why should they ? 
  * as far as i know , there are no significant roma nationalist movements calling for their own state . 
  * the problems a roma state would create . 
  these problems would far outweigh the current problems roma are having/causing now . 
  vienna native here . 
  not saying one is better than the other , but i 've been to rome and was absolutely blown away by it . 
  take from that what you will . 
  you probably are n't the * only person * , but that does n't make your opinion any less dumb . 
  * religion : baptized and catholic , but not religious at all . 
  do n't care about it . 
  * food : enjoy local cuisine , like schnitzel , equally as much as something like kebab or pizza . 
  * fashion : for my country 's standards i 'm a rather unfashionable individual . 
  ` traditional ' clothing does n't really exist in my area . 
  as a viennese i do n't consider stuff like lederhosen part of my culture . 
  * gestures : do n't know what you mean by that . 
  however , these things do n't make me ` individualized ' . 
  being non-religious and enjoying diverse food does n't make one more unique these days , rather the opposite . 
  beside humanitarian reasons , the marshall plan had a big political component : to prop up and strengthen western europe , and bind it closer to the usa to serve as a sort of counter weight to the looming threat of the soviet union and the warsaw pact . 
  i do n't see a similar incentive in africa , except maybe a future power struggle with china , who are becoming increasingly active there as well . 
  light hugs and cheek-kisses are normal between opposite sex relatives , friends and acquaintances . 
  it 's often very awkward though . 
  uae, 
  the german names have mostly the same origin as in other germanic languages . 
  * montag = moon day ( contraction of mond-tag ) * dienstag = tiewaz ' day ( tyr ) * mittwoch = mid-week * donnerstag = donar 's day ( thor ) * freitag = frigg 's day ( freyja ) * samstag = saturn 's day/sabbat ( jewish day of rest ) * sonntag = sun day, 
  but i specifically said physical dictionary because op might find herself in a situation with no internet connection , what then ? 
  it 's a reasonable possibility in the alps . 
  no one travelling abroad should 100 % rely on having their browser open 24/7 . 
  while we 're at it , do n't forget that the german most people speak there is very different from standard german , especially swiss german is basically it 's own language . 
  so do n't be discouraged even if you learned a bit , then not understand a word unless people are talking deliberately slow to you . 
  just because you are in europe does n't mean you can rely on english 100 % of the time . 
  bringing a ( physical ) german dictionary and maybe learning some phrases might be a good idea , especially if you are completely on your own . 
  i 'm sure dog is as well . 
  still would n't do it . 
  i 'd rather eat worms than dog meat . 
  exactly the same here , * amerikanische ureinwohner * is a little long , and * indianer * is different from * inder * ( actual indians ) . 
  the vast majority of reddit is made up of non-religious young males who generally view religion very negatively . 
  from what i have observed , american redditors generally are much more fiercely anti-religious , while the europeans just treat it as more or less a joke . 
  i personally think religion is n't bad in itself and should have it 's place in society . 
  in any case , if you do n't want to get massively downvoted or ridiculed , better stick to dedicated religious subs . 
  honest answer what i believe the average austrian thinks : somalia is generally regarded as an islamic hellhole , and individual somalis would probably much like other sub-saharan africans , except worse and more backwards and poor . 
  all those people claiming black americans are seen the same as other americans in europe are straight up lying , either to you or themselves . 
  it may apply to themselves and their own little circle , but make no mistake , a lot of europeans are massively prejudiced especially against blacks . 
  i wo n't say there is more or less racism here than in america , but it 's a * different * type of racism . 
  france and uk might be more or less exceptions to this because of their big populations of blacks . 
  ca n't comment on that . 
  native americans are generally still called `` indians '' here , and viewed romantically , as classic `` noble savages '' , basically an icon of the wild west and not much beyond that . 
  i assumed since you guys are exactly half our size but with the same population , that your alps must be much more populated . 
  but i just googled `` mittelland '' and you 're completely right , your situation is very similar to us . 
  we learn something new every day indeed . 
   where did you hear this ? 
  it 's not true . 
  my italian teacher ( from s\u00fcdtirol / alto adige ) basically claimed this of southerners . 
  also the `` hot-blooded , mediterranean lover '' - archetype is mainly italian . 
  hand movements ? 
  always horny ? 
  bad drivers ?
