  sobieski was the overall commander and led the final charge . 
  are you saying the battle would have been lost otherwise ? 
  what are your sources then ? 
  you think the author of that book back in 1904 gave a shit ? 
  we are not talking `` immediately after the death of suleiman '' , we are talking over 100 years later . 
  1683 was the point when the empire was the largest . 
  after that , it slowly dwindled and lost influence . 
  how is that not a decline ? 
  so they fell behind in technology ? 
  that is definitely a decline in my eyes . 
  well then , what are the reasons they were pushed back so easily by austria and russia during the 18th and 19th century ? 
  empires rise , grow too large , decline , crumble and disappear . 
  that 's how it always goes , and always will go . 
  sobieski and his hussars led the final charge and broke the last ottoman resistance . 
  i 'm sure it was very glorious . 
  but swung the tide of battle ? 
  hardly . 
  most conservative parties do have programs and members that are homophobic , sexist and racist . 
  those are facts , not accusations . 
  why even bother with what ? 
  the ottomans were already stretched thin and on the decline by that time , the siege of vienna was their last major offensive in europe . 
  in the event of a defeat , at the * absolute worst * vienna and eastern austria may have become briefly occupied , but not long enough to become properly integrated into the empire . 
  although , overall this would probably benefit the plc in the long run . 
  sobieski was the supreme general , but the biggest part of the army that liberated vienna was made up of holy roman empire troops . 
  the role of the plc is greatly exaggerated . 
  iirc later on the kid encounters `` cannibals '' on an island , who also were changed to monkeys in newer versions . 
  from what i remember , turks barely feature in the book . 
  the `` villain '' ( hatschibratschi ) actually dies very early when he falls from his balloon . 
  the kid then goes on various adventures around the world . 
  very mr bean-esque . 
  is n't this a direct confession from the players that they approve of islamic terror ? 
  not in my world , but it says so in the image . 
   once we set up the country aflame with tracer rounds . 
  explain . 
  clearly this is not the whole eu , this is `` northern europe '' ( in the loosest sense of the word ) . 
  it should be noted though that the english page includes a source , turkish one does n't . 
  german site says : ottomans : 60.000-70 .000 hungary : 25.000-40 .000, 
  did you read the article ? 
  they are the slavers , not the slaves . 
  is it just me or do those guys all look like mexicans ? 
  yes, 
  you should probably take a look at the map again buddy . 
  the article acknowledges that . 
  i recently went to lidl for the first time and was baffled by the low prices . 
  0,32 cent for ice tea , wtf ? 
  and let 's not forget the reptilians . 
  romania always `` gypsies '' france always `` snobs '' czechia always `` beer '' netherlands always `` weed '' etc. . . 
  i mean it 's funny the first few times , not the 20th time . 
  i wish, 
  these maps are mostly just the same , boring stereotypes over and over again . 
  if you 're gon na post such a map at least try to be original . 
  it says `` feldbekleidung '' in the article though . 
  which means it 's intended for situations where they are expected to physically exert themselves . 
  i consider myself fairly progressive and supportive of feminism and gender equality . 
  however , equipping and potentially sending pregnant women as * professional soldiers * to war seems completely ridiculous and impractical no matter how you look at it . 
  edit : alright , i concede , for sake of uniformity it does make a lot of sense . 
   our summers cool i fucking wish, 
  it says there 's 60 million poles total , but not how many actual polish nationals . 
  the bit 10 million poles in america seems very fishy to me and must include `` polish-americans '' , i.e. 
  americans with polish ancestry . 
  meanwhile , the spaniards article says there 's a bit over 40 mil spanish nationals , and `` hundreds of millions with spanish ancestry '' . 
  so , the articles about poles and spaniards do n't use the same criteria . 
  therefore , you ca n't reliably compare the numbers . 
  though , if we go by ancestry i 'd probably give it to the spaniards . 
  i guess we 're just so used to the ( relativly ) reasonable people on / r/europe that we forget how fucking weird others parts of reddit can be . 
  ssshhh it 's okay buddy . 
  it 's okay . 
  go fuck your sister or something . 
  i think you confused this sub with / pol / or stormfront buddy . 
  however , taking a look at that bakchodi sub of yours , you guys seem just as retarded . 
  well that 's basically the same thing right ? 
  aaaand that 's triggered redneck # 1, 
  you misunderstand me . 
  you seem to think laughing at other people/being rude to them is an admirable trait and sign of self-confidence , when in reality the opposite is the case . 
  your logic is flawed . 
  laughing at others who are different than you is also a `` jarring example of low self-esteem '' , yet you 're implying chinese have more of it because they commonly do that . 
  does n't sound logical to me . 
  rather , you sound like a typical alt-righter trying to be witty . 
  true . 
  in fact it sounds like something the annoying orange might say . 
  `` drive slow , weedsmokers at play '', 
  white people often being more careful and self-conscious in interactions with others is a cultural phenomenon called [ white guilt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_guilt ) , which exists both in the us and europe . 
  east asian cultures have a completely different attitude towards race , and as a result treat foreigners differently for someone who 's not familiar with these cultural differences , or just thick in the head , this can be interpreted as a lack of self-esteem in one case ( europeans ) or rudeness ( asians ) . 
  i wonder where you come from that you come to this conclusion ? 
  do n't have the self-esteem for a flair ? 
  culturally it is . 
  when tumblr meets telegraph . 
  aptly named . 
   the exchange , quickly dubbed `` pizzagate '' by reporters oh no ... 
  i know of the song of roland as essentially the french language counterpart to the german language [ song of the nibelungs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nibelungenlied ) . 
  an equally epic tale about an invincible dragonslayer , his demise by treachery , and his wife plotting revenge . 
  guest starring attila the hun . 
  hahahahahaha such le dank meme xddddd, 
  find somebody who looks at you like viktor looks at donald ... 
  we were n't given a choice , it was never an option . 
  shit-brown ? 
  * nice . 
  yes but i thought at first it was a pun with the german word `` wurst '' mentioned above . 
  seems nowadays you do n't even have to be in the eu to blame everything on the eu . 
  i was really confused at first , i thought the title implies it got better , but then the article said the opposite .
