  you da real mvp . 
  you are completely right , putting a black model specifically for czechia and similar countries would make absolutely no sense . 
  which is why i believe they use this dude in every country , no matter east or west . 
  sure , it might * alienate * a few people here and there , but overall it 's apparently less trouble/revenue loss than hiring extra models for different countries . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` aligned '' , but i did n't say `` eastern european '' , i said `` eastern '' , which is completely factual . 
  last i checked , czechia is east of germany . 
  it 's a german company . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll find this dude in every lidl leaflet , not just the czech . 
  you really think they 'll bother getting extra white models for their eastern customers ? 
  you do n't need to actually have experienced having a hedgehog in your pants to come to the conlcusion that it 's probably not a good idea . 
  only if you include franconia . 
  bavaria proper is n't . 
   landlocked aliens and we like it that way , thank you very much . 
  that 's the latvian one . 
  grey , mushy and utterly disgusting ? 
  snow ... * looks out the window * ... right . 
  ca n't say i have , but yes his agenda is very obvious . 
  you are trying to equate the eu with the third reich and thereby suggest it 's a bad thing . 
  you are deliberately acting innocent and dumb . 
  you 're one of * those * guys who think they 're subtle but you 're really not . 
  you 're one of * those * guys huh ? 
  it 's not a reich though ... 
  hmm ... is it anschlusszeit yet ? 
  yep , that does makes it significantly worse . 
  according to the original thread it was made by a polish person , so i would n't necessarily say that . 
  but as i said i do n't think this represents the average polish view on this at all . 
  many poles are still * very much * cross about ww2 and beyond . 
  in my opinion , the best polandball comics are the funny ones . 
  this one looks nice , but it 's too dramatic and serious . 
  there are no jokes at all , and there is n't any butchering of ze english language . 
  besides , i do n't think that 's an accurate representation of polish-german relations at all . 
  probably for the best . 
  not sure if i should be triggered because of austria , or laugh uncontrollably because of russia . 
  every 2nd country is just `` hot chicks/poor/beer '' . 
  if you got ta post these maps be creative at least . 
  i prefer to call it `` austrian netherlands '' . 
  that 's all you got ? 
  very disappointed . 
  i took a look at the source , and the reason there appear to be so surprisinly many languages in each country is because big dialect groups are considered separate languages . 
  maybe intentional to get as many languages as possible . 
  for example , for austria , it lists various german variations ( allemanic , bavarian , standard german , fucking * swabian * and walliser ) which i find and strange and do n't really agree with . 
  but mabye this is indeeed how the official classification works . 
  my personal go-to german language online newspaper is [ der standard ] ( http://derstandard.at/ ) . 
  no paywall ( but suggest turning off adblocker for all features ) . 
  austrian newspaper , but covers pretty much everything . 
  very active and big online community . 
  german language only . 
  all european cattle come from this animal , but from middle eastern and not european populations . 
  i 'm sure some european bulls bred or were bred with domestic cows ( especially in iberia ) , but as a whole the european aurochs was never widely domesticated . 
  and ? 
  they are still gone . 
  you can recreate the appearance , but to become real wild animals you would have to leave the population in the wild to it 's own devices for at least a few hundred years . 
  then what survives will be as close to the original as possible . 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  ca n't you read ? 
  to be honest i 'd probably prefer the inland cold to the disgusting wind you guys probably have along your coast right now . 
  central europe checking in at -2 \u00b0 . 
  the word is `` aurochs '' , not `` auroch '' . 
  it comes from the german `` auerochse '' ( originally ur-ochse ) and means `` primal ox '' . 
  that said , i think they can only recreate the ( assumed ) appearance of the aurochs . 
  unless they get cloned , the original european species is probably gone for good , because our domestic cattle comes from the middle east . 
  `` historic centre of vienna '' sounds very vague . 
  the inner city has some garish baroque houses on every corner . 
  if you 're in krakow for you might as well go take a look at auschwitz while you 're at it . 
  and also the other way around . 
  `` tew tayke back cuntrole '' , obviously . 
  this is 100 % true . 
  `` bei rot gehen '' is not a single word , but it 's pretty simple . 
  * cries in austrian *, 
  it seems to me both political sides , from all over the world , are becoming more and more childish over brexit . 
  most certainly not white though , according to these people ... 
  venice also has taxi-boats , police-boats , etc. , so this does n't surprise me . 
  when you have mainly water instead of roads , you naturally will use boats that are analogous in their function to various cars . 
  although this does look a little ... unsafe . 
  i have had very short hair all my life so i 'm not judging . 
  all i 'm saying is that the ubiquitous baldness/buzzcut was very noticebale in my few days i spent in poland . 
  i do n't believe polish men are genetically more likely to bald earlier . 
  it has to be cultural . 
  when i was in krakow for a few days , this actually really stood out to me . 
  i 'm not sure why , but it 's not so far from the truth . 
  maybe it sounds really weird but sometimes i 'm too lazy to sit down to pee , and sometimes i 'm too lazy to pee while standing up . 
  i do it however i feel like currently . 
  either way i do n't think it sitting while peeing `` undermines my masculinity '' or whatever . 
  except germany ... 
  sure , every country has their own style . 
  but as for this picture ( and i know this particular castle is very famous for it 's beauty ) , i do n't see what makes it look scottish or irish . 
  there are similar castles like this all over mainland europe ( i 've seen plenty in my home country alone ) . 
  you 're right actually , portugal is too mediterranean . 
  let 's take northern spain instead . 
  the point i was trying to make originally is that european architecture overall is very similar , so i do n't see how it looks scottish when it could just as easily be in central or eastern europe . 
  a roof , windows , and stone walls ? 
  i believe so , yes . 
  you can find places looking like this all over europe , and without landmarks and vegetation could n't tell wether it 's in romania or portugal . 
  no we do n't . 
  the linguistic relation between germany-austria is very similar to usa-uk and brazil-portugal . 
  there is no austrian lanuguage . 
  what the fuck is this shit ? 
  the original definition is what populists * claim * to be . 
  but really all it takes nowadays to be a successful populist is to have money , a loud mouth , and tell the `` common people '' what they want to hear . 
  addressing their fears and worries but without offering any real or viable solutions .
