  compulsory swedish has resulted in an almost instinctive hatred of the party ( and swedish-speaking finns ) among many finns . 
  lepo = at ease asento = attention, 
   ocse might as well just quote rt. 
  i do n't think it 's unreasonable to demand integration . 
  these people ( or their parents or grandparents ) were intentionally moved into the region to undermine the local culture and eventually wipe it out and replace it with russians/russian culture . 
  tanks , aircraft and naval vessels are very expensive . 
  it 's more rational for the baltic states and estonia to commit their scarce resources to inexpensive infantry weaponry , such as manpadss and anti-tank weaponry . 
  yet ... 
  i knew about the maus , but you need a fucking micropenis to warrant having something like that . 
  you ca n't transport it , it destroys any road is traverses and i 'm not even going to imagine how it would have fared on muddy roads . 
  and two fucking 28cm naval guns from a battleship ? 
   swedish speaking finns that 's such a weird thing to see written in english . 
  the finnish `` suomenruotsalainen '' has a very different connotation , `` a swede in finland '' essentially . 
  now i 'm wondering how much that particular word has influenced my perception , since it implies someone who feels allegiance to sweden but happens to reside in finland . 
   while y' all may not like americans a whole lot i ca n't think of a single finn i 've * personally * met who disliked america or americans . 
  if they have something against the us , it 's usually a particular policy , like iraq , spying , etc. 
  the only finns i 've encountered who i would say dislike america have been vocal left-wing people in politics . 
   i just could n't imagine us sending only a strongly worded letter while tanks are rolling into helsinki . 
  i think it would depend on a lot of variables . 
  if there is a quick russian victory , the us might not even have an opportunity to intervene . 
  and in the intermediate period , political options would be exhausted before military options would be considered . 
  so the only hope for finland of outside help is a protracted , bloody war . 
  if this sounds ungrateful it 's not intended as such , but that is n't all that much when you consider that sweden might have been next on stalin 's plate . 
  sweden avoided being a battleground in ww2 because a lot of finns died during the winter war and the continuation war . 
  i 'm not sure what the situation was in sweden during all this and whether or not they could have done more , but more would have been better . 
   if there was no response the key being ` no response ' . 
  move some more troops into the baltic countries . 
  bring sweden into nato . 
  condemn russia for annexing finland . 
  yay . 
  not that i 'm blaming the us if that was their response . 
  we stayed out of nato so the blame is on us . 
  the problem with this is that as long as everyone maintains the illusion that nato will come to our aid even if we are not in nato , we 'll never join nato . 
  we 'll continue eating our cake and thinking we 'll have it too . 
  no , because erityissuhde . 
  i think sweden 's hippie-pacifism is a huge threat to finland . 
  sweden 's security is crucial for the security of denmark and norway , so it 's only logical that the top priority of nato is to defend sweden . 
  norway and denmark can be protected without finland , but not without sweden . 
  using nukes against us would be stupid considering that their own territory is so close to ours . 
  not that russians generally care about russians death counts , but fallout from nuking a finnish city would carry over to st. petersburg . 
  not sure about tactical nukes , though . 
  pls yes when putin in helsinki ? 
   some hybrid warfare taking finland finland does n't have a large russian minority . 
  the type of hybrid war that russia is waging in ukraine will not work in finland . 
  though russia could come up with some other excuse . 
  i suspect that the hybrid war in ukraine is just a convenient way for the west to look the other way . 
  russia keeps yelling `` stop hitting yourself '' and the west just looks from the sidelines and says `` we ca n't do anything because he ca n't be absolutely sure that he is n't in fact hitting himself '' . 
  so it 's not out of the question that no matter what excuse russia might come up with , no matter how absurd , the west wo n't act because they ca n't be sure that we are n't hitting ourselves . 
   france and britain tried to help finland actually from what i 've read , the british aid plan was mainly a way to occupy swedish iron ore mines . 
  few , if any , british troops would have made it to the frontline . 
  now , i 'll add the caveat that soviet/russian propaganda loves to interject pessimism about aid coming from the west , so i ca n't be absolutely sure how true any of that is , but that has been what i 've read . 
  i would n't put too much faith in the eu rallying to our aid . 
  southern europe would immediately nope out , france probably would n't do anything , germany could n't do anything . 
  countries like poland and estonia would probably help how they could , but if we get to the stage that russia is invading finland , they would have their own security to be concerned out . 
  norway and denmark would prioritize swedish security and might not intervene in the hope that russia wo n't move onto sweden or buy time to get swedish defenses in order . 
  that pretty much leaves britain as the only country that might intervene . 
   is this honestly what you believe in finland ? 
  it is the predominant view , both with anti- and pro-nato people . 
  i suspect it stems from historical precedent ( winter war ) and the understanding that we have willingly stayed out of nato . 
  it would n't really be appropriate for us to bitch about nato not intervening when we never joined in the first place . 
  there is a small group which seems to hedge their bets on nato intervening even if we do n't join , thus offering us the best of both worlds ; no participation in a nato-russia war , but help from nato if russia attacks us . 
  which is fairly dublicitious . 
  my opinion is that we are going to be part of the frontline in any nato-russia conflict , whether we are in nato or not . 
  no matter how much neutrality we pronounce , russia will always see us as a threat to st. petersburg and murmansk . 
  pls yes, 
  check your inbox . 
   * in * ... * box * ... giggity . 
  the ( formerly true ) finns are a `` kapakkapuolue '' . 
  go to the nearest bar you can find ( the more delapidated and depressing , the better ) and you are likely to find a considerable amount of supporters . 
  what , exactly , they want , is a bit of a mystery . 
  they just oppose everything . 
  and the finns party leadership essentially gets by on a `` we 're just like you '' image and by staying permanently in opposition , so they wo n't actually have to make difficult decisions . 
  the name `` perussuomalaiset '' translates to `` basic/average finns '' . 
  even their name screams `` we 're just like you , so vote for us '' . 
   it 's just his personal opinion , they are not a pro-russia party . 
  i did n't say they are pro-russian . 
  i think they are extremely opportunistic , even more so than normal parties . 
  and considering our dear president for life , kekkonen , was from the party and some of the people from the late stages of his presidency are still around , i 'd claim it 's a bit more than just my opinion ( though i 'm not claiming it 's the truth , either ) . 
   like i said specific examples about them accepting favors . . you said `` an example '' , and i assumed urho `` make me president for life for the soviets will invade '' kekkonen was enough . 
  but if you want , let 's dig deeper . 
  for example : [ here ] ( http://blogit.iltalehti.fi/jarmo-korhonen/2014/11/08/kgb-supo-kepu/ ) is information on how the center party took money from the kgb . 
  [ here ] ( http://personal.inet.fi/koti/jukka.tarkka/suomettajan....htm ) is information on on how v\u00e4yrynen asked victor vladimirov , a kgb officer in finland , for the soviets to support ahti karjalainen for president . 
  v\u00e4yrynen was also concerned as to why the soviets were n't `` unconditionally supportive '' towards him . 
   seriously cutting trade when a country is on the verge of recession is one of the stupidest things ever . 
  true . 
  almost as stupid as continuing to pretend that nothing is wrong when a country next to you decides to invade another country . 
   thanks stub , if only that could become a thing is this the part where you imply i must support the conservatives because i do n't support the center party ? 
  [ urho ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urho_kekkonen ) was `` realistic '' as well . 
  for all four soviet-backed terms in office . 
  more like pro-self-interest . 
  they 'll strike a deal with anyone who 'll help them gain power . 
  yes . 
  it would set a very bad precedent if the west first helped a region to break away from a sovereign state and then allow that region to join another state . 
  it 's going to cause a lot of animosity . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  keskusta ( center party ) has a reputation for bowing to russia for favors . 
  i 'm sure they 'll `` reluctantly '' form a government with the anti-eu party . 
  maybe they 'll even find a job for v\u00e4yrynen , the guy who claimed the soviet union is eternal , tried to strike a deal with the soviets so they 'd get him into some office he wanted , the guy who tried to sabotage us recognizing estonia 's independence and most recently claimed that ukraine has no right to decide the fate of crimea . 
  there is a saying in finnish : `` kepu pett\u00e4\u00e4 aina '' , which translates to `` the center party always betrays '' . 
  i have absolutely no idea why people vote for them .
