  the swedish tumblrcracy has gone full retard . 
  sorry , i mean full differently-abled . 
   i am sorry , do we have a formal obligation of some kind to assist ukraine ? 
  i 'd argue basic human decency is reason enough , but you said `` formal '' , so the answer is no . 
  but then again , i 'm not aware of there being any formal obligation for other eu countries to assist greece . 
  so if greece feels that a dog-eat-dog world is a world where greece is most comfortable in , i have no problem with greece making their own way in it . 
   what was he supposed to say as a guest ?? 
  perhaps not go visit the guy that is invading a european country in the first place ? 
   so what they do is they are selling the whole thing to their voters by pretending they are in some kind of `` ultra aggressive hard stance against the imf and nazi germoney '' , while the truth is they really are n't . 
  call germans nazis , demand reparations from them , whatever . 
  do n't care . 
  but by snuggling up to putin , they are doing actual harm to ukraine . 
  that ca n't be accepted . 
  so if this is all just an act , they are going about it in a very stupid ( and harmful ) manner . 
   my sympathy is rapidly running out ... my sentiments exactly . 
  now , what good has my previous sympathy towards greece done for greece ? 
  something between fuck-all and nothing , i suppose . 
  so i understand greece trying to find some way out of their mess , and since the sympathy of average europeans is n't doing them any good , it does n't serve their purposes to take it into account . 
  that being said , using russia , a country that is responsible for so much death and misery in ukraine , as leverage against the eu is fucking despicable . 
  greece can fuck off for all i care . 
  what are you talking about , you evil gay nazi ? 
  of course finland shelled mainila in 1939 ... for reasons . 
  thankfully the soviet union just happened to have four army groups in combat readiness along the finnish border . 
   how exactly would you use `` russian chauvinism '' or `` slavic indentity '' on them ? 
  the core of the soviet union were the russians . 
  and are we also going to pretend that russification or intentional transport of russians into certain regions and transport of minorities from certain regions did n't happen ? 
  of course the official line was that the soviet union was a multicultural state that respected every culture and ethnicity , but the reality was that the non-russian cultures and ethnicities were seen as a threat to state security , hence they were at best suppressed and at worst actively eradicated . 
  i 'm not really certain what you are responding to , or what is `` dumb '' and `` simplistic '' about my post . 
  my point was that nationalism in the european sense ( ethnicity ) is not the dominant or only definition in eurasia ( if for no other reason than russia having so many different ethnicities ) . 
  soviet propaganda made extensive use of russian chauvinism and of the slavic identity . 
  the soviet union * was * , for all practical purposes , a * russian * state . 
  hence there are disadvantages in denouncing its history and advantages in embracing its history . 
  little do they know that the extensive sea voyages of braves finns to plunder spirits from the shores of estonia have taught us all we need to know of nautical stuff . 
  there is no place to hide , portugal !, 
  we will have your booze !, 
  you 'll just end up with a logistical nightmare maintaining your over-engineered brooms . 
  resistance is futile . 
  you will learn to sauna and you will learn to love it . 
  that 's not really a denouncement of soviet times , let alone an acknowledgement of soviet crimes . 
  i do n't think russian leadership has any particular allegiance to the soviet past , but nationalism in the russian sense ( you speak russian = you are russian ) is intimately tied with soviet propaganda . 
  so they have to use the soviet past . 
  not only because they ca n't denounce it , but because it is also potent . 
  perhaps not officially , but kremlin propaganda appears to be downplaying soviet crimes . 
  though that 's not necessarily anything new . 
  cheap booze from super-alko and cheap food from super-lidl . 
  seems like a good plan . 
  greater finland rules !, 
  well , at least we beat the dutch . 
  meipi sviidish spai . 
   even if they sway germany , there are 14 ( or 16/17 now ) other countries that will need to be convinced exactly . 
  finland loaned money to greece . 
  finland also paid off all it 's debts and war reparations , without any marshall aid . 
  are we now supposed to forgive greece 's debts ? 
  i understand that things are bad in greece and i sympathize , but not * that * bad . 
  finns were half-starving while paying off the reparations . 
  greece is n't making friends over here with this bullshit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd8ij8l1q8y ), 
  pest inklish !, 
   ; __ ; vat is th\u00e4t ? 
  hold on , let me get comfy in my armchair first ... 
  the chinese military is primarily geared towards quelling internal conflict . 
  it does n't really have power projection capabilities beyond local conflicts . 
  from what i 've read , china does n't even have the naval transports to make a landing on taiwan if they decided to invade . 
  russia has inherited the massive army , tank armada and airforce of the ussr , but has n't been able to update it all that much . 
  that does n't mean that it is n't capable of invading europe , but the equipment is n't up-to-date and it would take considerable losses and be eventually bled dry . 
  so even russia is only capable of winning small regional conflicts against smaller countries . 
  china + russia would be a threat , but not an existential threat to nato ( in a conventional sense , nukes are another matter ) and i ca n't think of a military power you could add to that equation to substantially change the outcome . 
  clearly a sign of superior magyar culture spreading to inferior cultures . 
  from what i 've read , the greek government has blundered its way through this whole crisis . 
  admittedly , i might not be getting the whole picture from the sources i read , but the constant threats and playing the russia card have seriously damaged any goodwill people might have had towards greece . 
  the claims i 've heard have been based , to my knowledge , on [ donald asmus ' book ] ( http://www.amazon.com/opening-natos-door-ronald-asmus/dp/0231127766 ) , which came out in 2002 . 
   nato invaded yugoslavia just because they wanted to fuck with russia . 
  [ riiiiiiight ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_war_crimes_in_the_yugoslav_wars ), 
  i would n't say it affects society at large as much as it affects the political class . 
  i 've heard claims that finland and sweden stayed out of nato because the american 's were trying to disengage from europe and make baltic security the responsibility of finland and sweden . 
  it 's also claimed that finland and sweden staying out of nato helped the baltic countries to get in ( though i 'm not sure why that would have been the case ) . 
   even if russia just dissapears one day , nato will still exist . 
  considering that nato countries have been slashing defense budgets for awhile now and that the only real viable component of nato is the us , i would argue that nato was slowly disappearing until russians decided they want to risk another world war . 
  well , the positive thing is that the new tactical broom wo n't overheat as easily . 
  perkeleen eesti , stealing our beers , then selling it back to us . 
   what is the role we save for russia in europe 's security plan ? 
  not invading other countries ? 
  that 'd be an awesome start . 
  cute ? 
  perrrrkele ... 
  umm ... you actually think people have forgotten what the germans did ? 
  it 's actually not * as bad * as it looks . 
  there is some cheating going on , since most of those words are actually mini-sentences . 
  for example : koiraannekaanko is something along the lines of `` even relating to your dog ? '', 
  in finnish you can tag suffixes to the end of a stem which include all kinds of information to the word itself . 
  so , `` your dog '' is `` koirasi '' , where koira is the stem and the - si suffix implies that the dog it yours . 
  `` your dog ? '', 
  is `` koirasiko '' , where - ko implies a question . 
  `` your dog as well ? '', 
  is `` koirasikokin '' where - kin adds the `` as well '' . 
  once you know what the suffixes mean , it 's not as daunting as it might seem . 
   transition is n't instantaneous but it is n't necessarily slow . 
  a non-slow transition usually requires a revolution and i just do n't see a democratic , liberal revolution being imminent in russia . 
  now , you can call that a silly argument as much as you want , but political movements for a liberal russia barely exist in russia . 
  i do n't see how you can argue that russians will suddenly adopt liberal values .
