everybody with strong opinions on immigration knows that the stakes here are sky high . 
  i really do n't see how it can turn out well . 
  immigration on such scale might work if integration was prioritized over simply taking people in , or the immigration was from a comparative culture . 
  what sweden seems to have is an ultra-liberal society taking in some fairly conservative muslims that are diametrically opposed to the country they are supposed to integrate to . 
  i hope i 'm wrong , as i would n't want finland squeezed between a belligerent russia and an unstable sweden , but i do n't have high hopes . 
  you 're ignoring my point . 
  it 's not about 1000 people . 
  it 's the entire premise that it 's rational for a low birth rate indigenous population to take in sizable populations with high birth rates . 
  and especially so , when those populations hold anti-western ideals . 
  i 'm fine with refugee quotas with * one * modification . 
  refugees must come equally from across the globe . 
  that is , for one african , we take in one asian , etc. 
  absolutely nothing good will come from taking in millions of people from the same background , who then congregate into ghetto-ish neighbourhoods in big cities with little or no hope of integration into the host culture . 
  freedom of movement \u2260 refugee status why is it our responsibility to create sizable minorities that are often fundamentally opposed to western values ? 
  to be fair , 6000 $ is n't that much , when you consider the cost of housing , living expenses , schooling , etc etc. 
  no one is making a profit on that 6000 $ , unless it 's going directly into the pockets of politicians . 
  nato \u2260 eu besides , forcing a country to take in a foreign culture that will possibly destabilize or displace the existing culture is n't that different from the russification and deportations that have been done to estonia by russia . 
  just because some countries have opted to take the balkanization model , please do n't try to force it on others . 
  do n't fret . 
  all that confusion will be solved when the islamic republic of sweden imposes sharia law . 
  if you can invest in x and get a 20 % return or invest in y and get a 2 % return , you 'll go for x. 
  people who have invested in y will see their net worth drop , ca n't sell what they own as no one wants it and have little to no incentive in putting more money into their investment . 
  that 's how you end up with a slum , which most likely will lead to anti-slumlord legislation to require owners to maintain houses , which will possibly lead to various incentive programs and community investment legislations . 
  the end result is that the rent ends up being paid for by * someone * . 
  there is no free lunch . 
  the outcome depends on the circumstances , but in general price controls are a bad way of handling a situation . 
  who is going to provide a service or sell something if they ca n't even make a profit on the transaction ? 
  more importantly , who is going to maintain a rent-controlled building if the rents do n't cover the costs of maintaining it ? 
   which means that you need universal rent controls , not that rent controls are a problem . 
  which means less investment in new and existing housing , which means either slums or government intervention with financial backing , meaning the rest of the country ends up paying for people to live in rent controlled housing in london . 
  a politician 's rosy description and the eventual implementation can be very different . 
  i would n't be surprised if `` charity work in their communities '' ended up meaning '' # 2 an hour at a bottle factory '' . 
  no worries , you 'll only get assanged if you piss off the us . 
  perhaps , but due to nato , estonia , latvia and lithuania are far less in danger than finland . 
  despite all the posturing , russia ca n't act against these countries without sparking of a proper world war . 
  the ramifications for invading finland on the other hand are less clear . 
  nato wo n't get involved . 
  the eu may or may not . 
  it 's a gamble , but clearly southern european countries would refuse to help finland , france would hesitate , germany would be powerless to help , etc. 
  it could effectively tear the eu apart . 
  finland is in the eu and putin would love nothing more than to destabilize the eu . 
  one way of doing this would be to invade a member state that is n't in nato , such as finland . 
  hence the tanks serve as an added deterrent and there is a benefit in the deal beyond the money . 
  you 're preaching to the choir , but unfortunately mine has n't been the dominant opinion . 
  though that may change with russia acting the way it is . 
  but finland is in the eu and putin would love nothing more than to destabilize the eu . 
  one way of doing this would be to invade a member state that is n't in nato , such as finland . 
  hence the tanks serve as an added deterrent and there is a benefit in the deal beyond the money . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're saying . 
  european security does n't include finland ? 
  but at least now they serve to improve european security by helping finland defend itself . 
  there has to be some value to that as well , even if it is n't clearly visible in monetary terms . 
  i do n't appreciate you being down voted , since it * was n't * that simple . 
  but the fact remains that a defensive treaty * is * supposed to be simple . 
  one party is assaulted , the other party helps . 
  the uk and france certainly did n't live up to their part of the treaty . 
  they were n't capable of helping in 1939 and they left poland under soviet domination in 1945 . 
  this is where the pragmatic approach comes in : it 's not that simple . 
  and i agree . 
  but they still left their supposed ally out in the cold , no matter how complicated it was . 
  correct . 
  i modified the unclear wording . 
  the content depends a lot on the region , which you ca n't really blame on netflix , since it 's content providers who limit availability . 
  the thing you really should blame netflix for is the crappy ui . 
  a lot of content is hidden and the recommendation system does n't really work . 
  putin wears high heels ? 
  that sounds suspiciously * fabulous * ... 
  the uk and france actually [ came close to declaring war on the soviet union due to the winter war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_plans_for_intervention_in_the_winter_war ) . 
  the main obstacle was norway and sweden refusing transit rights ( though the swedes did later allow german troops transit rights ... ) . 
   the problem is that human capital is n't worth much , if the political / economical system ca n't put that advantage to good use . 
  exactly . 
  finland is at the top , but i 'm not really sure what that means . 
  regardless of how much human `` capital '' we may have , that capital is certainly not being utilized and the future looks fairly bleak . 
  the problem is that `` looks asiatic '' is n't anything quantifiable . 
  often it 's just crypto-racist code for `` inferior race '' or `` not one of us '' . 
  swedes at least seem to use it to disassociate themselves from us . 
  i 'm not so sure about `` some point '' . 
  swedes love pointing out the generalized facial differences between between swedes and finns . 
  finns have `` slightly more slanted eyes '' , `` high cheek bones '' , etc. 
  you can almost feel the urge to scream `` mongoloid !, 
  '' , but alas , that would not be gender neutral or whatever they are into these days . 
  did i miss something ? 
  why do i keep seeing mongol references relating to finns and estonians ? 
  i 'm quite fine with that , as long as they do n't try to forcibly export those rules to other countries . 
  are you saying that forcing a lumberjack near the russian border to learn swedish is the only way to assure quality services for swedes in finland ? 
  it 's this kind of logic that is really not helping to improve the image of swedes in finland . 
  i suspect the ` aristocracy ' image is prevalent in the south . 
   i would n't go so far to say it 's hatred , at most it 's dislike or annoyance . 
  i 've seen hatred . 
  it 's not the dominant feeling , but if you force a people to learn a language they 'll never use , only to serve a tiny minority which used to be the aristocracy , you 're going to find some hate mixed in there as well . 
  yea , but it 's getting pretty silly at this point . 
  first someone insinuates that finland won . 
  then someone chimes in and says finland lost . 
  then someone points that they 're both wrong and it 's not that simple . 
  and i happen to agree with the last one . 
  the soviet union `` won '' , but they did n't get what they wanted , which was control of finland . 
  finland `` lost '' , but got what they wanted , which was to remain independent . 
  so it 's not that simple . 
   how are they ( sfp ) viewed by finns ? 
  badly .
