  furthermore we have some ridiculous tax constructions on some luxury goods . 
  you do n't want to buy a car in the netherlands for example unless you need it for your work . 
  car taxes upon buying , road taxes and fuel taxes are combined by far the highest in europe . 
  https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://upcommons.upc.edu/bitstream/handle/2117/18150/vehicles.pdf%3fsequence%3d1&amp;ved=0ahukewik0turgq3mahvkgcwkhcrsbukqfggamaa&amp;usg=afqjcngambfwfm7lgys4fnqcvg_hirtm4q ( scroll down ), 
  say this in the dutch house of representatives and you and your party will be considered racist and excluded from all coalitions and negotiations ever after . 
  lol , they just consider the low lands to be sea . 
  yup , but their wages are higher as well . 
  i 've seen norwegian students buying alcohol in amounts even i would not be able to do over here . 
  ( and if there 's something expensive in norway , it 's alcohol . 
  lol good job vinmonopolet ) look at the average car most people over here have compared to the kind of cars they have in norway . 
  now i might have given some arbitrary examples , but i just find it hard to believe that the nordic model has troubles keeping up with the purchasing power in , say belgium , netherlands , germany . . ( yes , i 'm explicitly not mentioning the luxembourgish bankers :p ) the gfk map visualises , furthermore , the still very prevalent distinction between brd and ddr ( gdr in english ) , as well as the distinction between flanders en wallonia in belgium , whereas the scandinavian countries seem to have been able to fight the inequality a lot better . . 
  and made by a serious market researcher , instead of a user contributed website where some excel wizardry has been applied to . 
  this images poses a completely different image than that of this one : http://popsop.com/wp-content/uploads/gfk-purchasing-power_-europe-2014.png it 's hard to believe that scandinavian countries have a lower purchasing power than some other big european countries , even though their cost of living is higher . . 
  well ... he 's right , technically . 
  any newspaper from a country of decent size could have said `` just north of maastricht '' as well . 
  http://www.standard.co.uk/news/london/london-marathon-2016-race-organisers-to-investigate-after-video-shows-crates-of-water-bottles-being-a3232496.html he is right to the extent that :  `` we 'll investigate this further . ''   a spokesman for the metropolitan police service told the standard they were aware of the video but added they had received no allegations of theft and no arrests had been made . 
  still , this topic is being covered now by quite some respected newspapers now and not only the dm , sun tabloids , etc. . 
  i actually doubt how many readers actually click to see the original footage . 
  that 's just how far the average attention span of most readers reaches . 
  the outcrop on the cover will be seen more than the actual video . 
  ( by the readers of this article ), 
  just leaving a comment over here as well , while thinking of an appropriate answer to this , that will not be removed because of politically incorrect narrative and argumentation . 
  under 26 !, 
  hm . . just need to find a travel buddy ... : / who wants to go with me ? 
  these moments do me wonder why i am still studying . 
  i could just as well change my cv and say i identify myself as lgbtwtfabbreviation and then apply for a job . 
  would save me a lot of time , effort and irritation . 
  that is because a healthy amount of nationalism makes the very existence of a country possible . 
  however , i see more and more how nationalism in itself is seen as something bad by some idealists . 
  in some countries this negative attitude towards nationalism has even turned into anti-nationalism in the strongest form . 
  i think sweden is a good example . 
  although its inhabitants still relate to national traditions and cultural values that make swedes swedes , some politicians have made submitting the swedish cultural identity as their ultimate moral obligation . 
  nationalism in germany is a troublesome case as well , albeit for other - obvious - historical reasons , but it 's in my opinion cringe-worthy to see how public education in germany aims to force this historical guilt on its population , even now the german population is two or three generations further . 
  it 's like some kind of christian ancestral sin , ( expl . 
  : * the state of sin , present in each human at birth , that is a direct result of adam 's disobedience to god . 
  * ) that forbids germans to hang out their flag except when their mannschaft wins the world cup , while in other countries there is usually no negative connotation with having a flag in front of your home . 
  ( no , i do n't want american-style patriotism . ), 
  not only pim fortuyn , but also film producer/director theo van gogh used the term * fifth column * to describe the ~ ~ minorities ~ ~ enormous groups of people from islamic countries that reside within our country . 
  for both of them , coining this term has come at a great cost . 
  one truly has to understand that a large part of them practically has sworn loyalty to their country of origin and this comprises loyalty to the country 's ideology and viewpoints as well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_column besides , the akp has been the most chosen party among dutch turks . 
  the support for erdogan is massive among them , and i personally have some turkish friends over here , of which some , indeed , still worship erdogan like it 's some kind of ~ ~ god ~ ~ sultan . 
  dutch turks will still show solidarity ( even 2nd and even 3rd generation ) with most of erdogan 's actions . 
  i am actually concerned with the safety of the small kurdish minority in our country . 
  expelling them would render these areas useless . 
  especially if you consider the fact that in lot of countries the need for labour force was enormous after the second world war . 
  the plan actually was to dutchify a part of them , especially the people who spoke low german , which is very similar to dutch . 
  the only ones in favour of expelling the people were farmers in the east , since they felt they needed more ground . 
  instead , they just left the country in the 50 's and 60 's , when a lot of farmers emigrated to the states , canada and australia . 
  well , we know what happened after germany lost the elzas to the french and large parts to poland after the treaty of versailles ... 
  good ... and if they will still force us to ratify this agreement , some people are already putting effort in getting a ttip referendum over here ... 
  there 's a problem though . 
  we are economically heavily dependent on the ruhrgebied in germany . 
  actually more than we are on scandinavia and perhaps the uk as well . 
  cut off the rhine transport , and the netherlands will be gone . 
  well , except if the [ bakker-schut plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_annexation_of_german_territory_after_world_war_ii ) would have been carried out , haha . 
  yes , something important to mention is that pupils in the netherlands obligatorily have to learn german ** and ** french for a minimum of 3 years , besides english . 
  after the 3rd or 4th year at secondary school , pupils are allowed to continue with only one if they want , sometimes requiring them to choose another ( non-language ) elective instead . 
  many schools offer additional elective language courses , which - if chosen - will be part of the final examination . 
  recently spanish and chinese have become more popular , albeit the latter one not offered at every school . 
  lastly , an educational level/form called ` gymnasium ' exists in the netherlands ( part of the highest level of secondary education , as our secondary education is characterised by division ) , offering classical languages like latin and greek . 
  of which at least one has to be chosen at the finals in order to get a gymnasium diplom and qualify for medicine . 
  i think it exists in the same form in germany . 
  although in the uk these kind of schools are known as grammar schools , these gymnasia are actually publicly funded schools in the netherlands just like any other . 
  ( other admission requirements apply here , like high test scores in the last year of primary school ), 
  so , i guess those moralists do n't like the development of 3d movies either ? 
   have lived in trondheim for some time , but they screened 3d movies as well over there as far as i can remember . 
  in dutch media , the term `` nexit '' has been coined already quite some times : e.g. 
  i just wanted to give some more videos from him . 
  and more or less , yes it is actually about erdogan as well . 
  as he actually does make the step to sue him . 
  even if angela merkel did n't comply with his request , it still would ridiculise him , as he clearly shows that he ca n't cope with any kind criticism . 
  furthermore , this case got great news coverage as well in our country . 
  as we suddenly realised that we have a similar article in our law . 
  ( dating from 1881 ) one that is seldomly used and we * almost forgot * about it . 
  but that 's how most of the laws work . 
  i bet that even to current date , the majority of the articles and laws are based upon how they were written down many decades ago . 
  painful little fact : three dutch students were sentenced in the 1930 's when they * insulted * hitler by this law . 
  way before we actually got occupied . 
  i like politically incorrect jokes ... * geh los . 
  for everyone who 's downvoting my posts : you actually sum it up quite nicely !, 
  yes * flanders * does !, 
  but i just replied about belgium in general and when i am in cities like namur or in dinant , then honestly : it does n't feel * that * related . 
  the difference between those places and a place like brugge is enormous . 
  one could say , yes , that denmark does belong to the scandinavian cultural influence region for a reason . 
  so we share less cultural history with the danes . 
  and yes , we share more history with the belgians , since we 've been a single country before . 
  but , to be really honest : have a look at the lay-out of many cities for example . 
  their way of building has become identical to ours . 
  and the way of living . 
  and the cost of living ( which in our country actually surpasses our neighbours ) . 
  landscape : fully flat . 
  * for a country that actually belongs to another cultural region * , the number of similarities is striking . 
  that might be noteworthy . 
   we do quite often jokingly say that the belgians live a more laid-back ( bourgondic ) life than we , and that their roads are bad and that their cuisine is different for a reason . 
  ( a ) although this might apply more to their southern half . 
  but let 's not get too off-topic here . 
  i recommend everyone who has never heard of this comedian to watch this video as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p86kllyhg-s in which he defends his right of freedom of speech even when his opinion could be regarded offensive . 
  as he - in my opinion , rightfully - says : `` you [ muslims ] always act as if sensitivity and offendedness and the feeling of being offended is a privilege solely for religious people . '', 
  this comedian is known for often criticising religion in general and quite often more specifically the islam .
