  i thought the german flag and the eu flag were interchangeable ... 
  star wars post in r/europe ... congrats , you have achieved quality next level shitposting . 
  you forgot that even though we 're half in population , we have a higher gdp per capita than our neighbours and could grow more if we streamlined the economies of belgium and the netherlands . 
  ( e.g. 
  stop hindering the port of antwerp ), 
   going 120 on the left lane , just cruising instead of overtaking monsters . 
  ...  currently driving on the german autobahn wait . 
  you fucking monster . 
  get your hands back on the steering wheel , goddammit, 
  well yeah , the downside is that our westbound roads are jammed with german licence plate on these days . 
  32 degrees and perfect in the netherlands right now . 
  the compromises are worse when you try to depict the entire world . 
  this map only shows europe . 
  for the size of the continent , an equidistant cone projection is seen as the golden standard to project europe and is used in many atlases and maps of europe . 
  i have watched that entire video pretending to understand everything they say . 
  understood hvala and dober dan . 
  til norway is in the eu, 
  * non-ascii characters are fucked up , yet slavic country names are all latinised * scandinavian countries gained considerable amount of land . 
  * sweden and finland have made a land bridge over \u00c5land * mercator projection * flevoland has been assigned to veluwe . 
  * printer-unfriendly and colour blind-unfriendly continuous colour scale * memory hogging tableau code * norway is included , but switzerland and iceland are n't 2/10 - * we have finally drained and poldered the ijsselmeer and markermeer . 
  interesting !, 
  to me , it seems like a new yet very good explanation of political groups . 
  are these three groups / properties mutually exclusive ? 
  if yes , i suppose you can put them on a [ triangle graph ] ( https://sites.google.com/site/skillsa229/_/rsrc/1327160164931/triangular-graphs/bp03-04i.gif ) ? 
  if no , could they be three axes on a three-axis political compass and what would be their opposites ? 
  soon we will see the plot of `` okkupert '' unfolding in real life . 
  such a beautiful picture from the lost seventeenth province of the netherlands . 
  no , the subject is called man . 
  i am a simple redditor . 
  i see the dutch ' score , then i see finland 's score . 
  conquering mountains and elevated terrain . 
   r/thnetherlands -  dutch-language sub - there are plenty of english sites out there helping expats in the nl and as i said before , the sub is very willing to switch the language of a thread . 
  which is understandable right ? 
  they are willing to switch language in case a foreigner asks something . 
  most seem to come from other provinces though . 
  according to the flairs , most somehow seems to come from utrecht , gelderland and groningen and less than one would expect based on the population from zuid/noord-holland . 
   i was also temporarilly shadowbanned because many people downvoted and reported my comments well , i do n't know you personally , but this raises my counter to four . 
  -  and i 've noticed a harsh tone against conservative opinions is somewhat more tolerated than the reverse . 
  they quite often post news articles about debates . 
  you can pretty much harvest karma with just a single line expressing your support for gl in those threads . 
  you need twenty more lines of text to defend anything from right-of-the-centre , if you want to prevent your comment from being downvoted into oblivion . 
  but yes , that 's a reason why i mostly skip the conversation and started to use the sub more as a news source , rather than a discussion platform . 
  just lurking the posts now . 
  -  the worst thing i 've seen , besides the shadowban policy , is how they actively removed all fvd related submissions just before the elections . 
  i bet the mods ate their hats when they saw the fvd winning 2 seats . 
  except the mods shadowban everyone who criticises groenlinks or d66 without notice , given you survive the downvote torpedo attack in the first place . 
  it might be anecdotal evidence , but i personally know three people who have been either shadow banned or fully banned . 
  the posts would have perfectly been accepted in r/europe from my experience here . 
  apart from that , there are definitely some interesting discussions , also plenty of news articles/mixed with humour and has a lot of activity . 
  ( most from all country subs if i am not mistaken . ), 
  i actually use the sub as a news source . 
  especially during the coalition formation , there 's plenty of news added every day from varying sites , i would not visit usually . 
  it 's just a pity of the safe left bubble created by the mods , which is reflected in what blogs and newspapers reach the top . 
   i feel like 90 % of the time non-german media reports about internal austrian affairs , that it poorly researched . 
  this is exactly how i felt when the results of our general election were explained in foreign media . 
  one of the few broadcasters that actually explained the things pretty accurately , was [ a documentary from a few days * before * the elections by the wdr/ard ] ( http://www.ardmediathek.de/tv/wdr-dok/ausgerechnet-holland-warum-die-populist/wdr-fernsehen/video?bcastid=12877260&amp;documentid=41244752 ), 
   i mean , are there those who do n't like it ? 
  yes , an increasing amount of people from the gay-community dislike the parade in amsterdam . 
  it 's overly commercialised , has become a political instrument and is hijacked by all kinds of pressure groups and organisations . 
  i ca n't find the link now , but there has been video report on this on the public broadcaster on this very topic a year ago . 
  a few decades ago , the festivity was n't more than just a parade with little media attention . 
  nowadays , the event gets live coverage and political factions and organisations are actively involved in the event , whereas homophobia seems to be on the rise in the netherlands a recent example of homophobia from just one month ago : a gay couple was mutilated with a bolt cutter by a gang of 3 moroccans at night . 
  numbers indicate that violent crimes like these against gays are on the rise , despite the changed character of gay prides which focus more than ever on acceptance of gays . 
   i 'm just going to go ahead and say it : why ? 
  https://neuwal.com/wahlumfragen/ that 's why . 
   ban full-face veil  kopftuchverbot ( image ) these are two completely different things . 
  the actual ban will only affect 150 women in the entire country and only in public buildings . 
  -  `` the ban on the full-face veil is seen above all as a symbolic measure designed to avert pressure from the anti-immigration freedom party , '' reports the guardian . 
  first they repeatedly condemn proposals of the fp\u00d6 as undemocratic and then introduce light-variants of the very same proposals , just to keep the voters away from them . 
  symbolic appeasement politics at its finest , with absolutely zero net result . 
  [ not only eu , but also the un ] ( https://twitter.com/unmigration/status/865474920951693312 ), 
  [ ca n't we just lease some islands near the tunisian coast ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kerkennah_islands ) and set up an immigration office according to the australian model over there ? 
   if they are here illegally and commit a crime at the end of the prison sentence they are set free here not sent back . 
  i honestly can not compute this . 
  it is clear that they have no right on asylum * . 
  the real question is : how many of those 45 000 are still kept track of by the agencies ? 
  [ dear ec , i will keep you responsible , if they cross the swiss/austrian border . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/0f96d0f2-2f4c-11e7-9555-23ef563ecf9a ) the number of illegal arrivals goes up again , and yet the ec desperately clinges on its schengen project at the moment we need extra checks the most . 
  - * ^ ( except for perhaps eritrean . 
  though , it has become clear that even they just visit their home countries for holidays , whereas those who fled the regime , normally fear for their lives upon return . ), 
  can relate . 
  especially in a country in which every place that rises above +10 m gets a special designation on a map with name ending on - mountain . 
  i have three languages installed and activated . 
  i just disabled the autodetection of language , because that was driving me nuts after a while . 
  i just tap the language button next to the space bar to switch between english , dutch and german . 
  good to see you bring the openness to eu-critic stances from r/de to / r/europe, 
  non-dutchies wo n't get the joke . 
  it takes little imagination to imagine the annoyance of the european commissioners when they heard about the reintroduction of border controls . 
  it is not reasonable . 
  the individual countries finally prioritised their safety , whereas the eu does little about the mediterranean influx of migrants . 
  it should solve this problem in the first place , but clamps on its belauded schengen project at all costs instead , which makes clear it is desperately clinging on its own exorbitant and illegitimate power . 
  i hope our pm and your chancellor merkel keep the spine to halt the quiescent prolonging influx of illegals , until this problem is actually solved with working measures . 
  well , [ countries are told to lift border controls within six months ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/0f96d0f2-2f4c-11e7-9555-23ef563ecf9a ) , even though the current situation still demands checks on immigration as the southern route is still used . 
  new immigrants still try to cross the swiss border up northwards . 
  this might have been the longest post on reddit i actually fully read . 
   i never did . 
  i think the automatic space is needed more often than compound nouns are . 
  i 'd rather delete the automatic blank space to type a compound noun than add a space for all the other words . 
  there 's no need for this dichotomy . 
  pressing the spacebar will do the same : autocompleting a suggestion of the autocorrect system ** and ** inserting a space .
