  actually , i think we should also reconsider their nato membership at this point . 
  if you call your colleagues * nazis * , you can not be trusted and have no place in the collective defence alliance . 
  in that case , do n't forget smyrna . 
  haha , so is this the appropriate sub to express ** benelux stronk !, 
  misspelled the oder river ? 
  translation :  the turkish president erdogan has called the netherlands fascistic and nazi in a speech . 
  he threatens to evict all dutch diplomats and to cancel all flights from the netherlands . 
   erdogan has made very fierce statements against the netherlands on the turkish state television , since the netherlands decided to refuse the visit by the turkish foreign minister cavusoglu . 
   cavusogly wants to campaign in the netherlands for a referendum that will give president erdogan more power . 
  - more elaborate article on the background of this action : [ ** kabinet trekt landingsrechten toestel cavusoglu in ** ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2017/03/11/kabinet-trekt-landingsrechten-toestel-cavusoglu-in-a1549911 ) ( dutch ), 
  `` papa '' is rather the * pope * , right ? 
  norwegian is danish text pronounced by a swede who tries to sing . 
  i would actually be interested in the comparison with german cities like hamburg , frankfurt , and m\u00fcnchen . 
  in general or the department that administrates the building permits for the airport construction ? 
  oh , you can still mock on their pronunciation . 
  a total disaster . 
  well , i do n't want to advertise their party over here , but i think the media uproar in germany has blurred a lot of details . 
  the use against women and children were not her words , but said by beatrix von storch on facebook . 
  [ source by n-tv ] ( http://www.n-tv.de/politik/afd-chefin-petry-verteidigt-sich-article16905771.html ) which once again , is technically a paraphrasation of this paragraph of the german law , as this law does not discriminate between male or female border offenders . 
  --  i think you overestimate the german 's knowledge of it 's [ sic ] laws . 
  that 's why i do not understand why the focus of the media has not been on the law in case , if that apparently upsets so many germans . 
  that would also raise the germans ' awareness of its law system . 
  i regularly watch german news outlets on the ard , zdf or wdr . 
  when this news came out ( jan 2016 if i remember correctly ) , all the attention was directly transformed into a direct attack on her and this particular interview instead . 
  instead of making this reference everytime , could you explain why no one has taken initiative to remove \u00a7 11 and \u00a7 12 of the uzwg , regarding * schu\u00dfwaffengebrauch im grenzdienst * ? 
  as i assume there is a lot of resistance to that , everytime i see this reference to petry . 
  or is that just the simple reaction ? 
  is this a reference to the eurovision song contest ? 
  can work both ways . 
  some islamic countries have a very patriarchal and traditional gender culture , yet belong to the few countries in which more women commit suicide than men , if i recall correctly . 
  iraq has a ratio of about 0.5 . 
  this might be skewed due to the fact that the overall number of suicides is very low in these countries ( suicide is a sin in islamic culture ) , therefore individual suicides influence statistics more . 
  if i recall correctly , it has been mentioned by one the parties , but seemed to be a one-sided aspiration thus far ... 
  they have had a listing connection ( * lijstverbinding * ) in the past as well . 
  so far it 's only an idea , though it 's shared by some inner party members . 
  although i agree it 's more efficient , this one does not look really * official * . 
  the logos are a mess , and i do not recognise the font family as an official font . 
  the government usually issues things in rijksoverheidsans , rijksoverheidserif , helvetica or verdana . 
  actually , the party is split in two regarding that topic . 
  their congress recently voted in favour of further legalisation of weed , yet the parliament members have been blocking most legalisation proposals so far . 
  if they get in a coalition with the cda , they might even restrict its legal status , if the cda would regard is an important issue to keep in the coalition formation . 
  it 's not the selling point of the vvd , so i think they could go along with more conservative stances . 
   i think agema would be a candidate for the job thirst i thought she was the only sane person in that party , though her performance in * het vrouwendebat op wnl * was still pretty weak . 
  if people really want to see that party change , they should try to vote for her for example , so she gets more * preference votes * than the top candidate . 
  but i do n't see that happen anytime soon . 
  most people associate the party with wilders . 
  wilders = the party . 
  i still have the code i used to generate this . 
  i will use it in the election thread on r/europe on march the 15th , regularly updated with the prognosis . 
  looking forward to the next speed skating clean sweep in pyeongchang . 
  we like to go [ around , and around , and around . . ] ( https://youtu.be/fzq689kryie?t=114 ), 
  it was even worse with the polls from a few months ago , when the pvv had a big lead . 
  almost all parties have ruled out cooperation with the pvv , so one practically needed to form a ( minimally ) 6 party alliance across the entire political spectrum to reach a majority . 
  even now , most combinations are not viable . 
  as i said , it is going to be hard to combine the economically right and left wing in a coalition , or to combine the christian and secular parties . 
  it 's white over here as well . 
  yes . 
  all parties are represented on one ballot . 
  most people will check the first representative of the party : the party leader . 
  the order of the party candidates is selected by the party organisation . 
  if for example the 9th person on the list gets more individual votes than the persons who are placed above him , yet the party only gets 3 seats , this person might be elected to take seat in the parliament at the cost of someone else . 
  though this does not happen very often . 
  a recent example is from 2012 , when [ pieter omtzigt ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/pieter_omtzigt ) ( cda ) was placed at the 39th place on the party list , whereas his party received only 13 seats . 
  because he received a lot more individual votes , he was still elected to become a member of the parliament . 
  yes , krisztina marfai . 
  did it have to be in bold all-caps ? 
  because i know a party which tries to campaign in a similar manner . 
  it starts with p and ends with vv . 
  50 + : the party leader really does not know what he is talking about . 
  he has been calling the calculations by experts on his plan to restore the retirement age back to 65 lies , as they proved his plans will be unsustainable . 
  denk : just as populist as pvv , just the complete opposite in ideology . 
  they pursue multicultural populism , with most voters that are attracted being of turkish descent . 
  they even campaign on turkish television in turkish , as they know their votersbase still watches turkish television by satellite . 
  the party leader even tries to circumvent hard talk on erdogan , and the party has been blamed to be a puppet party of the turkish akp . 
   would n't rule out 6 months passing by . 
  i would n't even rule out that we will surpass the 2010 belgian coalition formation . 
  this is an overview of the participating party members . 
  i think the actual voting ballot is not allowed to be double sided . 
  so that one will be at least twice as large ( also to accommodate the circles in front of the names ), 
  i suspect they will try to merge with gl very soon , which is not a new idea by the way . 
  well , i do n't watch all interviews with geert wilders , but yes that 's an actual source that convinced me . 
  in your previous post , you * assumed * it . 
   i do n't know if this was intentional , but between sap and klaver there was another one : bram van ojik . 
  i am going to be honest here . 
  i forgot him . 
  the last party leader i actually have more memories from is femke halsema . 
  premises : 1 . 
  he says it is unfair that he can not win in the current system . 
  ( he does not like the current system . ), 
  * actually never said this explicitly , that 's your assumption * conclusion : 1 . 
  he must want fptp as if fptp and our system ( party-list proportional representation ) are the only electoral systems . 
  so , it 's a false dichotomy , even on false premises . 
   he said it was unfair that he would n't win , even if he 'd win the most seats , so i 'm assuming he 'd want fptp . 
  this reasoning suffers from a major informal fallacy : a false dichotomy . 
  elect a new leader : jesse klaver . 
  his campaign style is much more american-ish and actually a bit unusual for dutch politics . 
  ow and the comparison to the ` dutch trudeau ' has often been made as well . 
  everyone already forgot about the previous one ( jolande sap ) . 
   vvd , pvda , d66 , cda , cu is 70 seats , 6 short of a majority . 
  ehm , if i take the peilingwijzer :  vvd , pvda , cda , d66 , cu = 80 seats,
