  * ( mining ) * a person who waits at the mouth of the shaft to receive the kibble of ore . 3 . 
  * ( slang ) * an illegal immigrant . 
  l\u00e4nder is an anglicised double plural . 
  what if you developed negative experiences in the past , and these subconscious associations are a result of a self-protective instinct , even though you would give or try to give all an equal opportunity in a conscious choice ? 
  # [ numa numa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmtzqcsh6xk ) thanks , i wo n't get this out of my head anymore today . 
  i did n't plan to be productive tonight anyway . 
   germans should be united . 
  everyone is talking about banks , while all i see is a map about love . 
  how would the upper graph look like if greece was not included or the median instead of the mean of the eurogroup was used ? 
  #werk werk werk w\u00f6rk we can not lie on our lazy bums . 
  we have to work . 
  nah , that was a lake . 
  i heard some country has expertise in removing the sea entirely ... 
  ah i meant * other * as in , ` besides our name of that city ' , thus masturbating . 
   aix-la-chapelle vs. aachen dafuq english , you went full france . 
  never go full france . 
  remove water !, 
  i learned the other meaning of our translation _ keulen _ a few weeks ago . 
  yes , brunswijk in dutch . 
  a lot of towns end on * - wijk * or * - wick * in dutch and low german . 
  i remember the moment when a finnish guy showed me this polandball comic . 
  it is still one of my favourites . 
  enforcement of the law is something completely different from having laws to control immigration . 
  i somehow automatically pronounce all these words with the voice and accent of boris in my head , since i watched his video on the * finnish language lesson with boris * . 
  i can not ` imagine ' the pronunciation in actual finnish . 
  though , the combination of a dot , whitespace , and a capital letter makes an end of sentence easier to spot . 
  i see the logic of german to include capitalisation of nouns , although it might be really dependent on what one is used to . 
  for example , it is easy to see that cyrillic has been more or less forced to adopt the distinction between capital and small letters , as their capital letters are quite often almost literally an enlargement of the small letters . 
   we 're basically teaching kids they have to use the upper case for no reason at all . 
  i have read it increases reading speed . 
   the western germanic branch does n't do this and fares quite well . 
  german is a west-germanic language . 
  the east germanic languages are extinct , and the northern germanic languages are the scandinavian languages . 
  * * ( if flies fly behind flies , flies are chasing flies ) *, 
  this triggers in so many ways , it 's barely describable . 
  with just a bit more than a week to go the next eurovision song context , i got inspired by [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6877kz/anybody_else_remember_when_ireland_sent_a_fucking/ ) , 
  okay . 
  so , i despise myself as well , right ? 
  the amount of persons attending higher education has been on the rise throughout the last century , which makes these graphs for the youngest age group skewed . 
  a large portion of the 20 - 29 year olds does not earn anything , whereas it was a lot more accepted to start working in your early twenties about 40 years ago . 
  the mobility of the youth , on the other hand , has increased tremendously . 
  persons of my age go on holidays or city trips throughout europe every second month . 
  the shear amount of possessions does not compare with the things an average student had a few decades ago . 
  job perspectives are positive . 
  our new pay-back scheme for student loans has been made in such a way that you do n't even have to pay back everything , if you can not afford it . 
  if your parents do not earn enough , you can get a substantial part of that loan as a gift from the government . 
  if you look at those graphs for the 30-35 year olds , you barely see any difference . 
  they are neither baby boomers , nor are they still studying . 
  lastly , a lot of these graphs of the guardian turned purple because they end in the midst of the financial crisis . 
  they would have been green , if their end point was in 2007 or perhaps after the economic crisis . 
   same neoliberal death march that millennials have been suffering under their entire lives ? 
  what country are you from ? 
  those millennials are doing better than ever before here . 
  33 % of the dutch youth , albeit the smallest percentage of europe , would join a huge revolt . 
  against what ? 
  on what grounds ? 
  _ `` oh would you like to revolt , just for fun ? 
   maybe they would vote more if their only alternatives were n't fascists or wage slavers . 
  first we were praised for our extreme form of proportional representation , now the only alternatives we offer are * fascists * and * wage slavers * . 
  despite huge campaigns and incentives to get the youth to cast their vote , the turn out hit a record low amongst youth . 
  vloggers and popular artists among youth were hired , complete youtube channels had been created for this sole purpose , facebook campaigns had been launched ... 
  but apparently the youth just did n't care to share their thoughts outside of facebook . 
  me as well . 
  hopefully the swiss and norwegian will stay out of this nonsense . 
  i am even willing to learn how to repair watches or produce rindviecher , if i have to . 
  i can produce throat scratching sounds during speech , so i am already partially integrated . 
  well , in that case , the sooner the rest of the netherlands is detached from amsterdam , the better . 
   also why does it matter how many colors are present ? 
  because cartography aesthetics . 
   are you some type of racist ? 
  extlemely lacist . 
  groningen connected to south-holland , but north holland separated ... 
  this does not make sense . 
  furthermore , you only need 4 colours for these kind of maps . 
  this map can give you an epileptic seizure . 
   with only a single measure being taken to specifically ban  20 round semi-automatics  or banning a very specific design of gun . 
  `` long semi-automatic firearms with loading devices over 10 rounds '' which is actually the majority of semi-auto long firearms . 
   anytime gun control comes up and people get all up in arms ( lol ) it always has a feeling of ' a mountain out of a molehill ' . 
  as i said 4 posts uplevel , the eu and its countries have been gradually tightening regulation justified on basis of terrorist threats who acquired firearms illegally . 
  these individual changes always seem sensible on first hand , but are ridiculous if you assess them on their justification and the overall revision history . 
   you have to pass a driving test just like you have to pass mental checks and/or join a certified shooting club before you can acquire a firearm . 
  just like with vehicles with license plates and chassis numbers , arms are registered and the registration number is personally linked to your identity in a central registration office . 
  certification end pre-checks are not equal to a ban . 
   the point is that illegally sold weapons were legally acquired once wait , so those who legally acquired firearms before should be hindered or screwed over by the legislation by those who acquire firearms illegally afterwards ? 
  this logic does not compute , unless the former owners were involved in the sale of those arms to unauthorised persons . 
  such thing is called an illegal trade or transfer and has always been illegal . 
   where is that illegal weapon factory you are talking about ? 
  furthermore , illegally acquired fire arms are usually imported from ( former ) war zones and thus were usually military owned in the very beginning . 
  you should restate your comment in such way so it is clear you just pursue a completely disarmed world . 
  for now , i do not think that option is very healthy for your country 's defence . 
  maybe your country should stop shipping them to disputed territories or shady governments ( such as saudi government receiving from european contractors ) , that will actually reduce the import of illegal arms used in salafist terrorist attacks in the first place . 
  explanation for the low excellency thrive in the netherlands . 
  the so-called * ` zesjescultuur ' * ( culture of mediocrity ) is often said to be prevailing in the netherlands . 
  the name is based on the dutch grade 6 , which is just satisfactory for a passing grade out of 10 . 
  quite some word plays exist on this culture :  * doe maar normaal , dan doe je al gek genoeg * loosely translated as * `` if you just act normal , you 're already special enough '' * it might be considered selfish if you are aspiring to stand out of the crowd , and if you do , you should never brag about it . 
  this whole ban is stupid , as the vast majority of crimes are committed with illegally acquired weapons . 
  it just shows once again that the eu seeks to maximise legislation and regulations for those who simply abide the law . 
  : are we going to ban the right to drive your own car , ** because ** some nut jubs have discovered they can drive lorries into crowds ? 
  you may laugh at this , but the eu seems to be very good at introducing and restating laws on a sliding scale , a.k.a. 
  salami slicing , usually strengthened by stressing once again that we should think of the terrorists .
