so you would rather have nazis than have muslims ? 
  you would choose the end of democracy and genocide rather than have a different religion be dominant in europe ? 
  this does n't make you any less of a scumbag . 
  so you 're a literal nazi ? 
  you 're a giant fucking scumbag . 
  because in the last decade europe has fought and funded wars in : libya , palestine , lebanon , syria , iraq , afghanistan , oman and yemen . 
  and when we did n't do that , europe laid the foundations for most of all of these conflicts , either through economic exploitation by sucking all the wealth out of these countries for decades if not centuries , by intentionally stirring up ethnic and religious tensions in order to make dominating them easier , and by being principally responsible for most of the shitty borders that we see in me/africa . 
  on top of this , the eu is the 1st-3rd biggest economy in the world depending on how you 're measuring it . 
  being so , on a per capita basis it has taken one of the lowest amounts of refugees on the planet . 
  and if that 's enough , europe also helped prop up and fund many of the totalitarian dictatorships and non-state armies which are causing so much death and destruction in these regions . 
  oh , and basic human decency . 
  those are a few reasons why . 
  leave it to the german and american to jump to the defence of israel and the drop of a hat . 
  colour me shocked . 
   how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  a lot of what i have to do during the day involves being on a laptop or some form of computer , and i have reddit on in the background during that . 
   how often do you visit / r/europe ? 
  daily . 
   what country are you normally resident in ? 
  ireland . 
   do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  french at a poor level . 
   what interests you about europe ? 
  it 's the wealthiest and most powerful part of the planet , and i live in it . 
   do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  yes , i mod / r/socialism which has over 52k subscribers and growing . 
   why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  to deal with all the racism . 
   why do you think you would be a good moderator ? 
  as mod i would [ ban everyone in this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/3jodda/we_won/ ) . 
   what is your opinion on the immigration megathread ? 
  what do you think went wrong ( if anything ) ? 
  no point in a megathread , but moderators should try and limit the amount of posts - a policy perhaps of no more than one thread on the refugee crisis on the frontpage at a time , unless there 's very pertinent news/info in another thread . 
  by creating the megathread the mod team was inadvertently acknowledging the racism problem on / r/europe and as opposed to dealing with racist individuals decided it would be better to put them out of sight and out of mind . 
  i 'd rather deal with them . 
   what 's one weakness you have ? 
  the fact i would probably ban quite a few people even when they 're not explicitly breaking the rules because they 're trying to do so subtly , and that i will also go on a banning spree in well known nazi and racist subs where / r/europe `` community members '' post and comment . 
  i 'm actually serious when i say i will ban racists and more or less everyone in that thread . 
   would you rather fight one horse sized duck or one hundred duck sized horses ? 
  horses can like , kick your face in in one go . 
  i 'd go with the ducks , at least i 'm bigger and stronger . 
   what single word connects all of these three of the following words : europe , pussy cat , teacher ? 
  explain why there is absolutely no discernible relation between those words . 
  i suppose that 's the relationship , that each word is totally different from the other ? 
  not being racist is totally for beta males . 
  ah , so you 're a fascist . 
   it 's both , they 're not exclusive they are by definition mutually exclusive . 
   those votes do n't change an awful lot of the outcome not a democracy . 
  that 's what happens when you fund and arm a fascist movement and pretend it does n't exist . 
  it 'll take the ukrainian government getting toppled by these fascists for people - here in particular - to realise the severity of the problem western europe & the us has created by supporting these groups . 
  and they 'll still be surprised , even though nobody should be . 
  nah he 'd be fairly to the left . 
  there have been endless wars across the world for the majority of human existence . 
  try harder . 
   the middle east was on fire before anyone bothered touching . 
  no it was n't . 
   aaa , sinn fein , national labour , socialist party , irish socialist party ( different ) , \u00e9ir\u00edgi , communist party of ireland , republican socialist party , socialist workers party , people before profit like half of these are n't real parties . 
  sinn f\u00e9in is only slightly to the left of labour , it is n't a socialist party . 
  the irish socialist party is n't a thing , the socialist party is part of the aaa . 
  national labour is n't a thing . 
  the socialist workers ' party is part of people before profit . 
  the communist party , \u00e9ir\u00edg\u00ed , republican socialist party are all largely irrelevant . 
  people before profit and aaa are also going to do a joint election campaign . 
  so really what you have is sinn f\u00e9in , who are mild social-democrats . 
  and then you have pbp/aaa who are socialists . 
  that 's it . 
  and maybe the workers ' party . 
  so 2-3 on the left vs. 3-4 on the right . 
   with her kids in the car who were terrified there were no kids in the car . 
  that 's just totally made up . 
  she sat there smiling with her aide surrounded by police and laughing at the situation . 
   and once again people will protest that that 's a total assumption . 
  most of all of them wont given that some of the main leaders of the movement have expressed that this is what they 'd replace it with when asked . 
  the `` jobstown 23 '' are 23 people who in i think november or december last year were involved in a protest in a party of dublin called jobstown . 
  they , along with hundreds of other people in the community , were protesting at the visit of the deputy prime minister . 
  a few dozen people , including a member of our parliament and a few councillors , staged a sit down protest in front of the car . 
  a few months later they were all arrested , and then released . 
  someone in the police leaked to the the media early last week that 23 of the people who were arrested were going to be charged with criminal offences , like violent disorder , false imprisonment etc. 
  which can contain a few year 's jail sentence . 
  recently , it was also revealed that the state has been spying on all the anti-water charges activists and left wing activists and politicians . 
  rightly , people view this as an attack on the right to protest and this was a significant part of the demonstration . 
   firstly why does ireland need so many different left wing groups ? 
  it does n't . 
  but there 's only really 2 , maybe 3 groups of any kind of note . 
   secondly the reason why these lot got arrested was related to their harassment of ministers , they crossed the line and were starting to go after their families and what not . 
  no , that 's just wrong . 
  these people who were arrested did n't have anything to do with that at all ( not to mention to my knowledge going after families is not something that 's happened at all by anyone ) . 
  they were arrested for staging a sit down protest in front of a car that had the deputy prime minister inside it and now they 're going to be charged with a * criminal * offence ( as opposed to a civil one which would be the normal thing for protest related things ) . 
   also if they get rid of water charges how else are they meant to raise funds ? 
  they 're losing money on it . 
  as things stand 57 % of people are n't paying ( and this number is growing ) . 
  if absolutely everyone paid tomorrow they 'd still be losing money on it . 
  it would be necessary to raise the charge by a huge amount to make the project financially capable of self-sustaining and upgrading the system . 
  the best way to fund it would be through progressive taxation , not an extremely regressive consumption tax which effects the poorest in society who are already struggling to get by , getting evicted , emigrating etc. 
  ireland 's young people tend to emigrate or just keep their heads down rather than be involved in politics . 
  everyone old enough to own the flag of the nazi party knows it 's the fucking flag of the nazi party , what it is , what it stands for , and what message they are sending . 
  it 's serious . 
  stop trying to legitimise it as a normal thing . 
  yeah , the ruling class jut got a warm and fuzzy feeling and felt * really bad * about the whole world domination thing .
