  i never went to school with my bicycle , since there was no place to leave it except in front of the school , and that place was n't covered with cameras , so there was 99 % chance that someone would steal it or wreck it sooner or later . 
   the sword , meanwhile , has been handed over to the university museum of bergen for preservation and research . 
  i have no doubts that in serbia this thing would be sold on the black market in no time . 
  things can be misinterpreted easily . 
  `` germany expects 800.000 refugees '' for someone means `` germany happily expects 800.000 refugees '' . 
  * illegal immigrants . 
  build a fence on serbian border . 
  we 'll bus migrants to romanian border , and when hungary builds a fence there , we 'll dig a tunnel to m\u00fcnchen . 
  if they snitch on their buddies , they might have their sentences reduced by one or two lifetimes . 
  this is why eu needs an offshore processing center for asylum seekers . 
  ships are picking up these migrants literally a few kilometers from libyan shore and giving them a free ride to europe . 
  as long as they keep doing that , they wo n't stop arriving . 
  ruskij spam ? 
   filthy slavs only for cheap labor and entertainment and good * cordon sanitaire * against incursions from eastern empires . 
  not a bad place to live , but not longer than 10 days per year . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure but i think i 've read that some parts of german constitution are unchangeable . 
  it would be nice if someone from germany could provide additional details and clarification of this . 
  problem is these migrants start destroying their boats and jump into water when they see a patrol boat approaching , which in that case gives them a free ride to greek coast . 
  there is no solution unfortunately . 
  germany is a victim of it 's own constitution that does not allow upper limit of asylum seekers . 
  and i understand your plans to move , things will get much worse when family reunification starts . 
  it would be both unfair and dangerous to close the greece - fyr macedonia border like that . 
  there 's a loophole : photograph it from non-eu side . 
  refugees do deserve . 
  illegal immigrants do n't . 
  this no germoney ? 
  but germoney rich . 
  mama merkel invite us , she say rooms for everybodies . 
  but how can you know who completed the survey , i did n't see a box to type in the username ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  they 've heard germany is declaring montenegro as a safe country of origin , so they have to do something about it . 
  things were n't like this in serbia few years ago . 
  migrants used to enter our country like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qxvyfrs.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qk2txnw.jpg ) . 
  once caught , they were arrested and sentenced for up to 30 days if they did not want to pay the fine for illegal entry . 
  even syrians went to jail . 
  but it was back then when only around 5000 people entered the country illegally per year . 
  now 10.000 people walk in every day without anyone interrupting them . 
  it 's interesting how 3 and 4 years ago they used to be called `` illegal immigrants '' and now they are `` refugees '' . 
  transportation of migrants directly by train across the state border will make things easier for both croatia and serbia and migrants , but it 's a double edged sword - it will attract even more migrants if they know they have a safe and comfortable way to reach their destination . 
  de facto legalization of something that 's illegal by law is harmful . 
  very good viewpoint , and i mostly agree with you , letting illegal work to escalate would be harmful . 
  but thing is that illegals do difficult and dirty jobs that 1st world population does not want to do . 
  therefore , illegals are n't taking jobs of native people and forcing them to live off welfare , but they take jobs from legal immigrants from eastern eu countries . 
  for state , it 's only harmful in a way that legal workers would pay taxes , while illegals do n't . 
  afaik , western eu countries are heavily penalizing companies that employ illegals , therefore only a few would agree to let illegals work . 
  i think the situation is currently under control and not a reason for concern . 
  and believe me , people from non-eu balkans would be more than happy to legally live , work and pay taxes if it was n't so difficult to obtain a residence permit . 
  employers discard your cv as soon as they see you do n't have citizenship from some eu country . 
  we 're treated as 3rd country residents , putting us in the same basket with people from africa , middle east etc. 
  even though 10 years ago we have implemented bologna system that is fully comparable with educational system in eu , everyone speaks 1 or 2 european languages beside their native language , and there are n't many of us , our population is constantly decreasing . 
  imho , people from balkans could only contribute to eu economy , and eu should reconsider their immigration policy . 
  edit : ffs guys , downvote is not `` i disagree '' button . 
  read [ reddiquette ] ( https://www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette#wiki_in_regard_to_voting ) . 
  if assad remains the president of syria , and eu still does recognize him as a dictator and persecutor , and not as a legitimate president , every single person with syrian citizenship will be able to settle permanently in any eu country of his choice . 
  so they do n't get banned from schengen . 
  people from non-eu balkans can spend 180 days in total every year in schengen legally , and those who have good connections and experience in illegal work can make much much more than working legally in balkans . 
  i would not be so concerned about people working illegally in eu . 
  they contribute to society , and eventually go home when they have collected enough money . 
  sure , they pay no taxes , but do not get any tax money either . 
  the real concern are people who come to seek asylum , and want to stay and live off social benefits for the rest of their lives . 
  edit : downvote on reddit does not mean `` i disagree '' . 
  and i have room for 1 girl ... in my bed ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  many afghans are still going through bulgaria . 
  here in serbia we get 500 - 600 people every day from bulgaria , majority are afghans . 
  also afghans are the biggest troublemakers , in all migrant stabbings ( among themselves ) here in serbia afghans were involved . 
  i guess they become impatient quickly as it seems they pay the most for smuggling , i 've read articles that say they spend up to $ 15.000 for smuggling the family to germany . 
  poophole loophole . 
  passport controls . 
  when you start talking to a girl , she will look at your shoes , and if they 're under $ 500 , then it 's not even worth lifting her head back up . 
  and you think she 's being shy . 
  they are targeted for their political beliefs . 
  they want assad to leave and have democratic elections . 
  that is why assad is bombing them . 
  syrians are . 
  eu does not consider assad 's government as legitimate syrian government . 
  also , assad was throwing bombs on civilians in cities held by rebels ( fsa ) , as he considers every fsa supporter a traitor . 
  this gives syrians a legitimate reason to seek political asylum in eu countries . 
  well , these guys apply for political asylum . 
  they can bring their family when they get a job and pay the rent . 
  it 's surely heaven on earth for immigrants . 
  i think he meant to say that german planes will probably deport rejected asylum seekers from kosovo and albania to their home countries , and not people from afghanistan , bangladesh , pakistan etc. 
  it does . 
  majority of migrants are not landing on mainland , but on christmas island , which belongs to australia , and it is close to indonesia . 
  so ... will they do the same with tents in germany ? 
  higher taxes is something that will make legal skilled migrants change their mind about moving to germany and will chose other countries instead . 
  germany suffered from lack of skilled migrants before the refugee crisis , and the situation is even worse now . 
  if you give free healthcare for every single refugee with asylum request approved , you will need a bunch of new hospitals and doctors , nurses etc. 
  i 'm no economy expert , but this is just a common sense example . 
   why are people starting to mass flee right now all of a sudden ? 
  i guess it took them some time to realize how easy it is to obtain a welfare , residence and work permit in eu . 
  beat tv reporters . 
  al jazeera is still using the term refugees . 
  still faster than ours . 
  if i was a refugee with legitimate asylum claims , i 'd seek asylum in slovenia . 
  it 's more pleasant to spend the winter in a building made out of solid material , than freeze for months in an overcrowded tent in germany . 
  entrance is blocked by croatia now , again . 
  food , gas , electricity , heating , medicines , higher education . 
  army of fr yugoslavia was not the one that committed the srebrenica massacre . 
  forgotten by media maybe , but that people will need a place to live and food in 6 months as much as they need now , and will still be a burden for german tax payers . 
  yeah , they study english only in high school , and german since the first day of school .
