  i think it 's pre . 
  non-eu balkans is left out quite often . 
  one of the reasons i 'm sure about is that our government does not collect data for a many things . 
  or at least does n't publish it . 
  it 's still very popular here in poorer parts of the country , audi 100 as well . 
  audi 80 on 4th pic ? 
   the word nationalism is demonized in europe the same way the word socialism is in the us . 
  pretty much . 
  the word socialism does not have to immediately remind one of the soviets , just like the word nationalism does n't have to go together with the words genocide and ethnic cleansing . 
  are n't they insured of something . 
  90s yes , they sucked a lot , but people lived far better lives back in 80s , 70s and 60s . 
  right of workers were very protected , constitution was prohibiting anyone from working for more than 42 hours per week . 
  but yeah , entire planet was very different back then . 
  too many old people in workforce , salaries do n't follow inflation , prices of housing are going up . 
  i can only dream about having a life that my grandfather and father had . 
  what do mexicans think about feminism ? 
  are they embracing it or rejecting it ? 
  that law is simply stupid . 
  it 's pretty much like introducing a law that you 're responsible if someone steals your car and kills a person . 
  there are no routers that are 100 % safe from hacking . 
  there are always new vulnerabilities , and even when there are are n't , wpa2 can be cracked with dictionary attack . 
  it 's bosnian serbs in the video , not serbian serbs . 
   she 's entitled to leech off forever not really forever , but 26 years in serbia . 
  fucked up law . 
  read his interviews . 
  he admired nazis and is proud of what he did . 
  yup , soros was one of them . 
  then you can work anywhere in eu . 
  with it degree it 's fairly easy to get a job anywhere , just pick a country you like . 
  malta and ireland might be attractive for you as english is official language . 
  that 's all i can help . 
  you better search some argentina 's forums to read experiences of your countrymen who emigrated to europe . 
  did you try to obtain italian passport ? 
  without eu passport it 's extremely difficult/almost impossible to get a work and residence permit in eu countries . 
  if it was easy , i 'd be long gone from this shithole . 
  install relay for reddit, 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  men : older = better women : younger = better, 
  i 'm 12 years old and what is this . 
  and make op pay for it . 
  so your presumption is that tito made constitutional changes which made the federation weaker than ever with good intentions . 
  tito knew that brotherhood and unity concept is flawed and what will happen after his death , he just did n't care . 
  he jailed dr mihailo \u0110uri\u0107 after he was criticizing 1974 . constitution and said that country will fell apart because of it . 
  fucking a prostitute without a condom is just the natural selection at work . 
  i deleted facebook after i graduated , and most of my former classmates did the same , or they just log in once every month just to see what 's up . 
  i had to make an account when i started university because all official and unofficial student groups were there . 
  there were so many better platforms for this , but pretty much every university makes groups on facebook . 
  most people get tired of facebook eventually . 
  however , it 's still extremely popular among elementary and high school kids who are just discovering it . 
  that 's pretty cool actually . 
  i assume that rent and utilities are much cheaper in poland , and with german salary you can live quite comfortably . 
  also there are no illegal immigrants in poland . 
  it 's easier to disappear in a big city . 
  lol i guess it 's in our dna now . 
  in belgrade there was case of a mentally ill dude taking a bus to hospital carrying an rpg , and of course everyone just looked the other way and did n't even bother calling the police . 
  hospital guards were the first persons to do something . 
  there are too many crazy people out there nowadays with pistols , knives and various other weapon , including suicide vests . 
  calling cops asap is probably the smartest thing one can do . 
  i think i 'd most likely refrain from white knighting , and call the cops instead . 
  and his wife was a serbian physicist . 
  unless they are emitting radiation . 
  he should be charged for kidnapping as well . 
  yeah , me too . 
  my parents do n't even have a computer . 
  downside is that i 'm the first person they call when they need some information . 
   also related to this `` meeting strangers '' culture is that we do n't have `` drinking alone in a bar '' culture . 
  we always drink with friends . 
  usually friends from elementary school or kindergarten . 
  it was one of the many reasons . 
  [ wikipedia has a very good article about it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_socialist_federal_republic_of_yugoslavia ) , check out `` collapse of the yugoslav economy '' part . 
  they were quite large actually . 
  250m2 and up . 
  at that time it was normal for bride to come and live with husband and his parents , so big houses were built . 
  now things are different , and we have plenty of houses where only old couples who are 70 and up live . 
  because every country has something called constitution . 
  autonomous province of the country can not secede on its own unless constitution gives right of self-determination . 
  nationalism  common sense . 
  [ not an unusual sighting in balkans ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zmraffe.jpg ) . 
  my entire neighborhood was built in 1970 - 1991 . 
  everyone took a loan from the bank in order to build a house . 
  monthly installment always remained the same , but salaries were increasing every year according to inflation . 
  my grandpa told me that when he went to the bank to pay his last installment , bank fee was bigger than the installment itself . 
  after collapse of socialism , only several houses and one apartment building are built in the neighborhood . 
  in capitalism , bank is screwing you - not the other way round . 
  and also because of people who sold their vote for $ 100 . 
   it worked quite well for the romans . 
  but did n't for yugoslavs . 
  in france dna paternity testing is illegal . 
  i definitely would not consider having kids in a country with such law in effect . 
  or even lower price range . 
  like tank registration ? 
  yeah but bosnia is waaaaay closer to germany than syria , and war lasted for a bit more than 3 years . 
  also you ca n't just drop people in the desert once syrian civil war is over , pretty much all of the syrian infrastructure is destroyed , and who knows when will the war end and what will remain of syria at that point . 
  ca n't they just try their luck with some other country like latvia or lithuania ? 
  imho those places are much better in a comparison with chechnya . 
  or iraq and iran . 
  one of us . 
  it feels weird for me to eat burek without jogurt . 
  there 's no info about serbia , but situation is generally quite horrible if you 're a non-foreigner . 
  especially in small or medium size towns .
