  there 's a lot of schizophrenia in the balkans , it seems . 
  he will lock the door next time . 
  dubrovnik weed party . 
  i 'm regularly seeing elementary school kids smoking cigarettes in the park , instead of playing there . 
  in muslim countries homosexuality is illegal , but only those who are on the receiving end are considered homosexuals . 
  so technically it 's illegal to get raped . 
  but raping others is perfectly fine . 
  and yes , europe welcomed a million of people with this kind of mindset . 
  barbiturates + alcohol is the most effective way of pill-suicide . 
  you faint and spontaneously stop breathing . 
  holy shit . 
  setting yourself on fire is probably the most painful way to die . 
  poor girl most likely was n't even aware how painful it is until it was too late . 
  kids are very sensitive at that age . 
  however , more often they just `` attempt '' suicide in order to attract the attention of their parents , like cutting themselves or taking random pills . 
  maybe there are more males than females under 40 . 
  i assume that almost everyone moved to israel after ww2 . 
  it was a tragedy not only for russia , but for many other countries , especially yugoslavia and me countries that became easy targets for american imperialism . 
  but again , if there was no bombing of yugoslavia in 1999 , putin most likely would n't come to power and then only god knows what would remain of russia , and in what kind of world would we live today . 
  yeltsin had only one goal , and that is to destroy russia . 
  yeah , but i was referring to the `` recent past '' , the period after the collapse of yugoslavia . 
  politicians in '90s were basing their nationalistic rhetoric on ww2 . 
  and politicians today are basing their rhetoric on '90s . 
  never ending cycle . 
  you forgot greece . 
  divide and rule . 
  it 's just fascinating how well it works in balkans for the last three decades . 
  same thing in serbia . 
  even if you 're trekking/walking by yourself for some time , people will watch you strangely . 
  exporting unemployment ? 
  if a woman wants to abort , she 'll find a way to do it . 
  it 's a better idea to keep it legal and regulated . 
  war on abortions is pointless just like war on drugs . 
  well , the parliament could reject france 's request , but they did n't . 
  it 's not difficult to guess why . 
  but the article says that . 
  the russians are coming ? 
  conceal it as humanitarian aid . 
   let us wait until the eastern european nations catch up in gdp per capita , then i reckon we 'll probably end up coming back in . 
  i 'd say around 35 years . 
  man , that 's just waaaay too optimistic estimation . 
  those who can not learn from history are doomed to repeat it . 
  divide and rule . 
  you will probably need to have residence somewhere in central serbia . 
  with enough money to bribe , everything is possible . 
  we already had our isis ( kla ) . 
  to be honest , turkey is practically an invader in syria right now . 
  al bab is far away from turkish border . 
  rich western men . 
  young women leave villages/small towns and move to big cities en masse . 
  there are barely any jews in the netherlands . 
   why are n't all moroccan 's deported then ? 
  literally more than half of them are criminals . 
  ask baby boomers who imported them at the first place . 
  germany already granted asylum to hundreds of thousands of syrian men , and you can bet that thousands of them ( if not more ) are islamists and have blood on their hands . 
  i doubt that 136 more turkish diplomats will do more harm than that . 
   germany should first investigate these people to make sure they are not gulenists before granting them asylum . 
  i do n't think that 's their job . 
  according to some sources in serbia , the coup was real and it was organized by albanian turks . 
  of course there 's no way to verify this . 
  typical diaspora . 
  if someone watched only serbian national television and nothing else , they 'd probably assume we 're more developed than switzerland . 
  you 're gon na get a lot of hate for that comment from eurofanatics . 
  yeah , you guys have too much freedom in turkey . 
  erdo will have to keep that in check . 
  make milicija great again ? 
  george soros ? 
  rip . 
  thanks for everything you 've done . 
  how do you do , fellow 3rd worlder ? 
  even women from west germany do n't want anything to do with men from east germany . 
  in serbia at least , nobody would want to pay a worker to commute 200 km ( in private sector ) . 
  they 'd pay you a bus ticket for 20 - 30 km , and that 's it . 
  that 's why people who live in remote areas with no functional economy are fucked . 
  at least in serbia , we do n't have excess doctors or teachers , but various assistants and other made up positions . 
  they just browse facebook for 6 - 7 hours per day and then go home . 
  many of them do n't show up at work at all , but they 're still on the payroll . 
  there are currently tens of thousands of employees like these , and nobody wants to fire them because they and their families are loyal voters of the ruling party . 
  state would work just fine without them . 
  george soros . 
  why do n't you tell that to saudis who took zero refugees ? 
  damn , you guys are too picky . 
  if you 'd ask any used car dealer in serbia , 2000 was practically yesterday . 
  not just food . 
  shampoos , laundry detergents , dishwashing detergents , toothpastes . 
  they all have inferior quality in a comparison with the same brands which are sold in western europe . 
  and there is no reasonable justification for this . 
  try washing your hair with head & shoulders shampoo which is made in france , and then with the one which is made in romania . 
  you 'll see what kind of garbage they 're selling to us . 
  what pisses me off the most is that more often than not the price is the same or even higher than in western europe . 
  as long as unsc 1244 resolution is in effect , it can not be an independent country . 
  good old / r/europe agenda , nothing surprising . 
  true , he hit the nail on the head . 
  north korea is communist and they still work , afaik . 
  monetegrins are just lazy serbs . 
   pretty hilarious considering how many times serbia , britain , russia and turkey get bashed here but nobody makes whine threads over it but , but , cnn and [ newsweek ] ( http://i.imgur.com/baifooq.jpg ) told me those serbs are totally evil !, 
  mainstream media ca n't be wrong , right ? 
  right ?? 
  you complain about people accusing croatia of being a fascists state , while your president is holding a flag of [ independent state of croatia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tpyb7m8.jpg ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/independent_state_of_croatia, 
  if eu keeps ignoring this stuff in croatia , hitler 's rehabilitation might be next .
