  but i think it 's not that bad , everyone goes to highschool nowadays , and a lot of english can be learned in 4 years if you do n't slack . 
  my guess is that serbia will transport them to romanian border only in case that croatia stops accepting them , but it is n't easy to block entrance without a fence . 
  austria does n't have many options , except letting them leave the country . 
  migrants are already in schengen , austria does n't want them , they do n't want to stay in austria . 
  germoney here we come . 
   i do n't feel good ignoring those people actually . 
  what if they are really someone who is needing help . 
  unfortunately , it 's impossible to tell who 's a thief and who really needs help at the first glance . 
  living in an urban jungle alters people , and loss of empathy is something that goes with it . 
  crazy things happen , as you have surely experienced . 
  criminal creativity knows no boundaries . 
  they can make a fake car accident , with fire and people laying on the ground , throw a lot of red paint to make it look like blood . 
  and when you stop to help , they rob you . 
  while bumping into you , spilling coffee on your shirt , `` drunk '' girl hugging you , etc. 
  is the regular everyday thing these thieves do in order to distract you and steal your stuff . 
  keep in mind that , no matter what , your first priority must be you , your safety , and safety of your belongings . 
  if helping someone means putting any of it in danger , forget it , it 's not worth it . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  foreigners and tourists are unfortunately magnets for these criminals , as they are guests and criminals have advantage of the home turf . 
  i know it 's too late now , but sitting in a coffee shop with a travel bag was a big , big mistake . 
  and keeping money and documents in it is even bigger . 
  i 'd also add that you should avoid talking to strangers at all costs , just keep walking without saying a word , do n't turn your head when they call you . 
   how many will arrive next year nobody knows , but the real question is how many will arrive until the end of this year . 
  if the current trend does n't change , my guess is around another 600.000, 
  it will probably work , but essentially nothing will change . 
  croatia will transport migrants to slovenia , they will transport them to austria , which will transport them to germany . 
  is slovenia ready for this situation ? 
  my house physically located in central europe but the ~ ~ rest of the country ~ ~ most of my country 's territory is in balkans . 
  hint : ^ ^ ^ flair, 
  yeah , for uk visa is still required . 
  i kinda prefer beer . 
  czech kozel , when i get an opportunity to get my hands on it . 
  man , i could drink that beer every day . 
  i wish they export it here . 
  there are n't that many asylum seekers from balkans in germany now , mainly because a lot of them are deported and banned from entering the schengen . 
  and 95 % of those asylum seekers that come from serbia are albanians or gypsies that claim they 're being politically persecuted because or their skin color/religion . 
  those in russia are genuine syrians . 
  but if they have some kind of residence permit in russia , their asylum request will be rejected in norway . 
  currently , the safest route to europe is via turkey . 
  before that , syrians went to algeria by plane , and then got smuggled to libya where they 'd get in a crowded boat and go to italy . 
  this is a very dangerous option , but it might become extremely popular again if eu starts deporting migrants back to turkey . 
  if you do n't enter by car . 
  or go to chechnya . 
  that sucks . 
  i really hoped this news is true . 
  croatian government is too weedophobic . 
  with 2 swimming pools . 
  yup . 
  apparently we have them so many we throw them into trash bins . 
  over 7.000 new migrants enter hungary every day according to police.hu . 
  that 's 210.000 per month . 
  majority seeks asylum in germany once they reach it . 
  what 's the plan ? 
  when will merkel finally say `` stop coming , we 're full '' ? 
  it 's foolish to think that the winter will stop this wave of migration . 
  nobody will wait in turkey until spring , since the situation might change and getting to europe might not be that easy as it is now . 
  imho eu brought nothing but destruction to latvian economy . 
  only beneficial thing in the whole situation is easily accessible work and education in western countries . 
  promised potato ? 
  context : ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  these refugees/migrants will not satisfy needs for skilled workers in western europe , but actually increase it even more . 
  there will be need for more hospitals , schools , etc. 
  and someone ( educated ) has to work there . 
  sweden is already quite ghettoized by iraqis who arrived en masse during the previous century . 
  there are unfortunately endless cases of abuse of eastern european nationals in western europe . 
  [ latvian girls are lured to ireland ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-11792437 ) in hope to find a job , but end up being forced to marry african and middle-eastern nationals . 
   450.000 syrian born in turkey . 
  another estimated 400.000 woman is pregnant . 
  wow . 
  and they 're in turkey for only like 4 years . 
  imagine what they 'll do in germany . 
  this week in serbia there are almost no news about migrant crisis . 
  it 's pushed under the carpet for some reason . 
  even though around 6000 people enter our country illegally every day . 
  not enough , you guys need a fence . 
  cucumbers , tomatoes , plums . 
  first two for a salad , third one for rakia . 
  i 'm happy . 
  illegal immigrants in the us are n't getting anything at all , while in germany the list of things they do n't get for free is short . 
   turkey is a member of the eu * eu candidate . 
  christiania maybe ? 
  i find this more difficult to read than normal english . 
  turn on the light . 
  legal weed and guns i assume . 
  i think it 's finished , but orban wants to talk to officials at un meeting in ny before `` activating '' it . 
  not sure if trolling or genuinely ignorant . 
  tables have definitely turned . 
  gorbachov and yeltsin were definitely a bless for usa at the end of 20th century . 
  during their presidencies , russia became an irrelevant country , while usa became a superpower with no competition . 
  this also gave them freedom of invading sovereign countries around the world with no need of un approval . 
  trump said during his campaign that usa might not automatically defend nato allies if they are attacked . 
  will usa with trump become what russia became with gorbachov and yeltsin ? 
  only time will tell . 
  in serbia it 's 12th most visited site . 
  pop-ups definitely have something to do with it . 
  like / u/cbfw86 pointed out , it might be because of google chrome . 
  before chrome , people used to use firefox or internet explorer with about : blank home page , or toolbar would change it into something random . 
  try duckduckgo . 
  back in 2007 and 2008 things like this used to be a normal everyday sight http://i.imgur.com/pyvbwlh.png, 
  and europe .
