  it 's easy to put real issues ( unemployment , corruption , brain drain ) under the carpet when you publish articles every day how 300.000 migrants might be permanently resettled in your country . 
  hungary will stop taking migrants from croatian border once the fence is complete . 
  they 'll build asylum processing centers , and people who get their asylum applications rejected will be kicked out through the same door they 've entered . 
  and it will never be stable . 
  zero tolerance policy towards illegal immigrants is a must . 
  if you let 5000 in , 500.000 will come . 
  that 's what 's happening now in europe . 
  eu should have paid some poor country to build camps and then dump migrants there . 
  italy and greece are left all alone to fight with illegal immigration . 
  they are forced to bring migrants to their coast because they do n't have any other place to dump them . 
  and when they get full , they simply pass the potato deeper into europe . 
  this will keep going on until eu actually invests into external border protection . 
   it 'll be interesting to see what kind of help they ask us for . 
  maybe some island where they can keep asylum seekers . 
  hungary will close horgo\u0161 as soon as they see the first bus with migrants . 
  and we must dump migrants * somewhere * . 
  bosnia and herzegovina said they 'll close their borders after 5000 migrants enter . 
  hungary is preparing to build fence on romanian border . 
  croatia should build the fence too , instead of pressuring serbia not to dump migrants by closing borders for trucks . 
  europe has tricked us !, 
  these shrooms are not halal !, 
   horgo\u0161 is open they 'll close it the very moment we start dumping migrants there . 
  and if we keep dumping them after border closure , we 'll see new riots , migrants will cut fence , end up in jail , deported etc. 
  slovenia is registering them all ? 
  that 's a huge number of iraqis and afghans , and who knows how many syrians are genuine . 
  you gay bro ? 
  i was 7 when i watched this episode . 
  it was night and i was at grandparents house , dad had to come with the car to pick me up since i was too scared to go home by myself . 
  and the whole cartoon is creepy in general . 
  imagine what stuff will happen in germany . 
  it 's simply impossible to control the situation in camps with this large influx of immigrants . 
  5000 entered serbia today so far . 
  they 're all on their way to germany . 
  and europeans will pay the ultimate price because of that . 
  [ nice polandball illustration ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qfev7rf.png ), 
  but muh human rights, 
  * and counting *, 
  only legitimate refugees from kosovo are serbs . 
  imagine how many terrorist have managed to get to europe without being noticed . 
  hunger strike ? 
  discount for bus tickets . 
  nah , they are letting them in , but slowly . 
  still , it 's not a small border , a lot of people can make it through undetected . 
  but there 's no need to go over romania , when they can go over slovenia . 
  true . 
  asylum and family reunification law abuses need to stop . 
  sounds good , but i do n't know if it will still work after hungary seals the croatian border . 
  then take in the whole population of syria , afghanistan , eritrea , sudan and iraq , they 're all legitimate asylum seekers . 
  so 1 % of the border is closed . 
   i ended up in a train full of migrants  all the seats were taken by them , many were just sleeping on the floor , completely blocking passage , and whole train was stinking really bad . 
  it 's like serbia and macedonia every day , for 4 months now . 
   here are a lot of smuggled belarusian cigarettes in the baltics http://i.imgur.com/1krra5o.jpg, 
   though it 's interesting to see if putin is able to exploit this crisis somehow he 's helping syrians cycle to norway . 
  lol . 
  still less dangerous than illegal immigrants . 
  nice job passing the hot potato to croatia and slovenia . 
  move to australia or new zealand instead . 
  eu is turning into trash . 
  switch to ublock origin , eats less ram than adblock plus , and does the same thing . 
  when eu takes off rose-colored glasses , it will be too late . 
  consider moving to au or nz , they know how to handle illegal immigrants . 
  external schengen borders were unprotected grassy fields . 
  eu had absolutely no idea what it was doing . 
   i 'm sure the us is n't a good example in many things , but go there and touch a cop , see what happens . 
  no need for touching , just hold a candy bar that looks like a gun or give them a wrong look . 
  eu is showing absolutely no competence in handling this illegal immigration crisis . 
  it 's acting like a dysfunctional family , blaming other member states for problems and passing a hot potato . 
  eu became super paranoid about russian invasion , while it 's being conquered by immigrants . 
  merkel invited everyone to the party , and now is forcing member states to accept quotas . 
  this is just showing how flawed is the whole concept of eu and schengen . 
  hippy attitude is taking it 's toll . 
  `` let 's remove all borders in europe , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  no one knows who is europe letting in . 
  it 's really scary knowing that migrants make it all the way to finland without being registered . 
  albania should take kosovar asylum seekers . 
  israel solved illegal immigration with fence and deportation to uganda and rwanda . 
  now nobody comes to israel . 
  problem solved . 
  same thing , there 's no joking with ruskijs . 
  nobody is allowed to go to border area with finland and norway without permission , even russian citizens . 
  kinda like american cops , shoot first , then ask questions, 
  that 's right . 
  do n't let them cross the border by land . 
  if it happens , i expect ~ 50.000 migrants per day . 
  no more paying smugglers for rubber boats and risking life on mediterranean , waiting stranded on a greek island for a ferry to pick them up . 
  immigration will accelerate . 
  even people with 100 eur in their pocket could reach germany . 
  building the fence on romanian border will be super expensive and will take a long time . 
  but if slovenia and hungary build the fence , i do n't see where migrants could go . 
  there were thermal cameras and other equipment for catching trespassers on hungarian border , but it 's functional when there are individuals trespassing , or smaller groups . 
  they probably never though that 10.000 people can go there in a single day . 
  this dude 's reddit account is super weird . 
   would it be difficult to cross into finland from russia ? 
  [ fss ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_security_service ) would arrest you immediately . 
  eating ram . 
  winter is approaching . 
  there 's not enough room in germany for everyone in buildings made out of solid material ( plus all those extremists setting existing ones on fire ) , which means that hundreds of thousands will have to stay in a tent . 
  this is not going to be good at all . 
  i would n't be surprised to see that . 
  with all fake syrian passports around , every asylum request must be closely examined .
