  serbian team was completely disjointed . 
  i hope to see better performance in the next game . 
   croatia should 've just tightened the borders as soon as the hungarian fence was up there was general attitude `` fences are waste of money , no fence is going to stop determined people , they 'll just cut it and keep on entering , these people are desperate and have nothing to lose , orban should have invested that money in healthcare and infrastructure ... '' etc. 
  therefore nothing was done . 
  i do n't know how croatian government thinks to establish a corridor for dumping migrants into germany without any registration . 
  it 's just reducing chances that croatia will get accepted into schengen . 
   where 's the freedom of speach ? 
  definitely not on reddit, 
  researching extensively ? 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) by the way , nsfw tag would be good . 
  refugees heard you guys will accept them , so 15.000 of them came . 
  they might be bending the truth . 
  we 'll see if there 's any statement from hungary . 
  well they are showing them weak spots in the border , organizing a ride and encouraging them to get to hungary illegally which is a criminal offense . 
  fits into trafficking definition , kinda . 
  of course , this is because hungary is pissed that croatia is just dumping migrants at their border without registering them . 
  so they will dump them to austria or italy . 
  eu simply has no solution for this migrant crisis . 
  thanks for info , serbian press was telling migrants are being dumped on austrian border by hungarian buses . 
  i hope there wo n't be riots about registration , taking in count that thousands of migrants are coming to hungary . 
  so migrants are not dumped at austrian border ? 
  [ put this sign on a dirt road leading to slovakia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zkfos3t.jpg ) 2 . 
  dump 20 buses of migrants next to it 3 . 
  build the fence on croatian border 4 . 
   they 've been coming over in huge numbers for months , years even . 
  true , but majority went from libya towards italy . 
  not many went over balkans . 
  and those that were here , they were traveling on foot , hiding from people . 
  they would start to run as soon as someone approached them , journalists and tv reporters had trouble interviewing anyone , since they were afraid they 'd call the police , and that they would arrest them . 
  yesterday one serbian tv reporter interviewed a syrian migrant from aleppo who said `` we feel like europe has tricked us . 
  they said they will open their doors for us , that 's why we came . 
  and now they are closing them all , one by one . '', 
  it could be that arabic media was translating merkel 's statements differently , and people perceived it as an open invitation , especially with all those photos of `` refugees welcome '' . 
  and now `` evil eastern europeans '' are blocking their way towards a new life in germany . 
   plan b worked , a corridor is open towards the west !, 
  facepalm this will work until hungary builds the fence , and that will happen tomorrow or a day after . 
  then i guess they 'll just dump them on slovenian border . 
  could be some random thing , like a kid watched a video how to break a car window with a broken piece of a spark plug , and decided to try it out on a foreign car . 
  please , do n't destroy your country . 
  please . 
  yesterday one serbian tv reporter interviewed a syrian migrant from aleppo which said `` we feel like europe has tricked us . 
  they said they will open their doors for us , that 's why we came . 
  and now they are closing them all , one by one . '', 
  yup , they look paki or bangladeshi, 
  they expect that swiss tax payers will pay their bills . 
  but mama merkel promised that no refugee will stay in a tent when winter comes ? 
  croatia is now dumping migrants at slovenian border and at unprotected parts of hungarian border . 
  once hungary patches the border , they will all go to slovenia . 
   there have been problems within the steam community because people were changing to russian/indian ip addresses and bought games for cheap using those . 
  yup , but they 're unplayable without russian/indian vpn . 
  and there 's serious lag when using vpn , plus it 's not free , so eventually it becomes cheaper to pay the game regularly instead of paying for vpn . 
   there are some rumurs in hungarian media that serbia will send some next to the romanian border might be , once they can not illegally enter croatia . 
  but croatian prime minister said they will not build fences , which means they will not stop them from entering croatia . 
   why ? 
  railway traffic is suspended , and camps where migrants are placed are far from austrian border . 
  reaching austria by themselves , without any guidance , is impossible . 
   once slovenia will be overwhelmed they 'll just let them pass . 
  that might be the case . 
  their plan now is to return them to croatia , but once overwhelmed , they might start dumping them somewhere . 
   `` asked what would happen if hungary sent its army to the croatian-hungarian border , milanovi\u0107 said `` i 'd like to see that happen '' be careful what you wish for, 
  they can enter slovenia , but getting to austria is not easy without smugglers . 
  native population is not entitled to mommy merkel 's hugs . 
   i suggest you read articles 2 and 31 of 1951 convention before you cite it . 
  maybe in arabic version those articles say they 're entitled to free cars and apartments . 
   every human being is entitles to a life in decent conditions . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  every human being is entitled to a life without humiliation and torture . 
  that 's what 's asylum about . 
  not free cars and apartments . 
  not their concert , everything will be paid by swedish tax payers . 
   tech companies sell their wares cheaper in poorer countries . 
  not really , electronics in serbia is much much expensive than in the us and eu . 
  give them airplane tickets to berlin so they can hug their mama merkel , they 're the one who started all this `` refugees welcome '' bs , and they 're the one that should pay the price , not us . 
  macedonian border will most likely never be closed . 
  migrants could be transferred into bosnia , and then they can cross into croatia . 
  transferring migrants to romania would n't be the best option , because they 'd need to go to hungary then , which started treating them very badly . 
  could be . 
  but it 's also possible to get into croatia from bosnia and herzegovina . 
  their border is huge , and if migrants can use buses and taxis in bosnia and herzegovina , they can easily reach weak points and cross the border . 
  there 's a small land portion of the border . 
  https://www.google.rs/maps/@45.1456155,19.1821986,13z?hl=sr serbian buses drive migrants to \u0160id , and then they get into tovarnik by corn fields . 
  yeah , but getting into hungary illegally = criminal record and ban from schengen for 1 or 2 years . 
  but these guys are walking over corn fields , instead of official border checkpoints . 
  are corn fields blocked as well ? 
  edit : any info about batrovac - bajkovo border crossing ? 
  i see it 's not mentioned in the article . 
  sure , by dumping 10.000 migrants at croatian border in less than 48 hours . 
  migrants are getting a map that shows them how to reach germany via croatia and slovenia . 
  now complete railway traffic to and from slovenia is suspended . 
  damn . 
  if migrants manage to get into slovenia , and are kept in open camps , they 'll all rush to get into trains to austria , or start a march on highway if you do n't let them in . 
  some migrants managed to enter slovenia by train . 
  slovenian government said that migrants that do not seek asylum in slovenia will be deported to croatia, 
  sweden !, 
  sweden !, 
  sweden !, 
  a lot of kosovars are now among these migrants , pretending to be syrian in order to get asylum in germany . 
   `` 500 refugees have staged a protest in hotel porin ( zagreb suburb ) saying they want to leave . 
  they 're chanting ` freedom , freedom ' '' source in croatian  `` the migrants have made threats they 'll break down the fence at the tovarnik train station if a train does n't arrive soon ( to pick them up ) '' source in croatian boy this escalated quickly . 
  edit : they 've started to walk on the railway tracks .
