  it really makes me wonder how much time will have to pass until we 're out of stock . 
  [ here 's the passport photo without watermarks ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nbsbnxw.jpg ), 
  he did what other migrants did . 
  good way to avoid any suspicion . 
  and he did n't care about leaving traces as he knew he will be dead in a month , he never wanted to hide after attack . 
  surprise akbar . 
  same for 200 kids in syria . 
  i agree . 
  illegals can sneak in unnoticed , while cops are busy harassing legal people . 
  here in serbia we get up to 400 migrants from bulgaria every day . 
  they hide in mountains and stay away from roads , and show up randomly along the border . 
   hope it wo n't be ~ ~ as interesting as ~ ~ the last one . 
  ftfy, 
  there will be less and less need for workers without higher education , nothing strange about it . 
  very interesting indeed , thanks for the link . 
  i would have totally missed that ama . 
   would n't that make them economic migrants then ? 
  it would , but they would never say that . 
  instead , you can say that you were forced to be drafted into assad 's army and that 's why you fled . 
  you 'll get political asylum because eu perceives assad as a dictator and persecutor of his own people , and not a legitimate syrian president . 
  is swedish government still granting permanent residence permits to syrians ? 
  i agree . 
  europe needs an offshore center for failed asylum seekers asap . 
  it 's a misdemeanor , but it 's not enforced and nobody cares . 
  they 're stealing your fence so they can put it on serbian border . 
  ^ lol, 
  that city is relatively safe in a comparison with northern albania , kuk\u00ebs for example . 
  here you can buy cigarettes and beer even if you 're 10 . 
  i 've read somewhere that the fee you pay is actually a `` punishment '' from your own bank because you use atms of other banks . 
  not sure if this is correct . 
  i actually like american football more than regular football . 
  croatia will build a fence on serbian border , it 's just a matter of time . 
  luckily it will take a few months for hungary to build a fence on romanian border , but after all borders are closed chaos is imminent . 
   i 'm guessing that most people who have arrived since then are probably still in the process/most probably have n't gotten their decisions . 
  i 've read that migrants are now waiting several weeks to even apply for asylum in germany , they 're camping outside some building and waiting for someone to read their number . 
  i do n't think it 's money here , maybe they 'll make some demands from libyan government to release some prisoners or something ? 
  isis did that in egypt with croatian worker they 've kidnapped . 
  why are serbian officials still there in libya ? 
  what 's that tiny red dot in austria ? 
  thousands of years ago there were n't jihadists with explosives . 
  if pyramids would be left unattended , they 'd soon become a target for extremists and treasure hunters . 
  you saw what isis did with monuments in palmyra . 
  pyramids in egypt would n't have any different faith . 
  pyramids in egypt would be long gone if they were n't so popular , bringing so many tourists and profit . 
  montenegro ? 
   apparently syrians do n't fall under the un convention . 
  that might be because there are still parts in syria that are not under threat from isis . 
  yeah , but majority of these guys from syria do n't claim they 're persecuted by isis , but by the government and therefore seek political asylum . 
  german government severed diplomatic relations with assad , and does not consider him a legitimate syrian president . 
  civilians in rebel held areas are bombed by regime constantly , there are indisputable evidences about this . 
  it gives them a legitimate reason to seek political asylum . 
  we should stop removing ourselves , there are 150.000 - 200.000 abortions every year , which is crazy . 
  must be asylum seekers in germany . 
  i guess that number is with kosovo and metohija included . 
  educated and skilled people leave , politicians stay . 
  it must be some mistake in the article . 
  30.000 people disappear from serbia every year due to low birth rate . 
  only 2500 eur ? 
  and did not ask for money in advance ? 
  legal immigration in germany for non-eu citizens is ( almost ) impossible without knowledge of language , university degree and work experience . 
  nurses can legally immigrate easier , but wages are small , and with current situation in germany , they 'll probably have to work in hospitals with migrants , where native population does not want to work . 
  illegal economical migrants who seek asylum should n't be allowed to stay and should be deported back to their home country as soon as possible . 
  legal economic immigrants are okay , someone needs to pay taxes . 
  wow , you 've got an ancient reddit account . 
  there 's no way to keep them in eastern europe . 
  even if you give them residence and work permit , a place to live and food , they 'll abandon it all and jump on the first train to germany . 
   sweden will pay for their own bad policies tax payers and children of tax payers will . 
  government will keep ruining the country and gifting tax money to migrants like it 's something that grows on trees . 
  and when they need some more money to give to migrants , they 'll just raise taxes . 
  illegal entry is not punishable by law if offender seeks asylum asap . 
  however , migrants illegally enter in 6 countries before they reach germany , with no consequences . 
  build a fence around serbia and make it a processing camp . 
  i 'm sure our government will happily agree if merkel promises that it will get them some eu accession points . 
   the eu migrant crisis has been one of the most problematic and complicated global issues of 2015 , with millions of people leaving war-torn countries like syria , afghanistan , and ** kosovo ** kosovo war-torn ? 
   i did n't compare coffeine `` addiction '' with e.g. 
  heroin or crack addiction , but with e.g. 
  the typical recreational hallucinogenic drugs , like e.g. 
  lsd - which is much more dangerous , but has an even lower addiction potential . 
  lsd dangerous ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  the fact there are people selling nbome claiming it 's lsd is the real danger . 
  because you can get od with nbome . 
   one of the main benefits is that drug addicts need help to battle their addiction problem . 
  by having injection rooms , it 's easier to approach the addicts and offer them that help . 
  this is so true . 
  i 've witnessed once that a pharmacist refused to sell needle to one addict , and she kicked him out of the pharmacy , with a lot of insults . 
  dumb woman is basically making addicts re-use old needles and get infected with hiv . 
  people wo n't stop doing drugs if you refuse to sell them a needle . 
  vote for the party that is the least likely to ruin the country . 
   what does lunch cost where you live ? 
  depends on how fast can you run . 
  ferrying them directly to lesbos would save lives and eliminate smugglers . 
  but it would also mean that even people with a couple of euros in their pocket can afford the journey . 
  and less risky and less expensive journey will result in tens of thousands of people coming to europe from all over the asia , regardless if it 's winter or summer , every day . 
  transit countries will not be ready for this situation , and germany neither . 
  imho , any kind of open borders with turkey is harmful . 
  no idea about ghosts , but ufos do exist . 
   they will move asap , like everybody else , move to the bigger cities where the chances for employment and education are alot higher . 
  bigger cities are also attractive for a bit different activities ... 
  according to letter written by czech doctor in germany , there are cops with k9s in every hospital where migrants are , and also in big pharmacies .
