   maybe this is german speaking vs. french speaking swiss citizens fight ? 
   and the driver is romansh . 
  so it 's swiss citizens fighting each other ? 
  yeah , that 's why i was suspicious . 
  comments on the article always make me rofl . 
  is croatia really dumping them at hungarian border , or this is just a rumor ? 
  self-defense . 
  migrants broke the gate and threw rocks and junk at hungarian police . 
  is that `` acceptable '' for german defense minister ? 
  what about afghanistanis ? 
  are their asylum claims justified ? 
  germany and austria are hunting down neo-nazis , so i guess that it 's justified that people hesitate to say what they mean . 
  but accepting all illegal immigrants to prove you 're not a nazi is outrageous . 
   i just signed up for another year at university and it cost me 20 $ . 
  how many people can say that ? 
  damn . 
  i pay almost 1500 eur every year . 
  on state university . 
   there was a failed asylum seeker beheaded two people in a swedesh ikea recently too ... nothing good is coming from this kind of immigration . 
  and that dude was about to get deported to italy . 
  imagine what he 'd do if he had to go to back to africa . 
  march on the highway with frau merkel 's photos . 
  slovenia is not a bad place to live . 
  but considering these guys do n't even stay in austria , i doubt they 'll seek asylum in slovenia . 
  reaction of serbian police, 
  or introduction of refugee submission quotas , so we spread them across all subreddits . 
  so it 's basically kicking the can towards slovenia , and then austria . 
  looks like that illegal immigration will never stop . 
  so they can seek asylum and get fingerprinted in croatia , and then go to germany and seek asylum again and they wo n't get deported , plus some will actually get asylum ? 
  these guys are walking over mine fields in order to get to croatia . 
  when a flood occurs , mines move and it 's impossible to tell where they are now . 
   they do n't want to come to croatia , they do n't want to come to hungary . 
  they will be able to pass through croatia . 
  so you 'll dump them to slovenia ? 
  every time i 'd sit on a park bench in budapest , beggars and weirdos start appearing out of nowhere . 
  is that a common occurrence , or they just prey on tourists ? 
  when a migrant enters serbia , he goes to pre\u0161evo police station , where he informs officers that he wants to apply for asylum . 
  asylum requests are n't processed in the place , but in asylum centers . 
  migrant gets a paper which says he wants to seek asylum , and he has 72 hours to reach asylum center . 
  with that paper , he can legally use buses and trains , at his own expense . 
  almost no one goes to asylum center , but instead they take a bus directly to border . 
  good question . 
  i have no idea . 
  maybe some government official , or police , since driving them to hungarian border is pointless and would lead to disaster , since there 's no way it can not be crossed , and all asylum requests are rejected automatically . 
   and if serbia refuses them entry ? 
  we can not refuse them due to readmission agreement with eu . 
  all immigrants that made it from serbia to croatia can be deported here . 
   our minister of the interior said croatia has a permanent border control on a higher level than the temporary ones austria and germany introduced , and that they will keep protecting our borders . 
  the migrants that show up at the border can claim asylum - if they 're syrian , they 'll get sent to zagreb ; if they 're not , back to serbia they go what if 20.000 of them break barriers and start marching on highway with merkel 's photos yelling `` germoney , germoney '' ? 
  migrants . 
  bus owners are most likely overcharging them , as they refuse to tell to tv reporters what 's the price of the ticket . 
  i wonder if croatia will fingerprint them , or just kick the can towards slovenia . 
  btw , i 'm glad that belgrade bus station park will no longer be ghettoized . 
  i 'd give food that i can not eat to my bro when parents are not looking . 
  win-win . 
  yes , they do . 
  we have refugee camps in serbia that are empty because all people are at the border . 
  but situation can escalate quickly if tens of thousands of them start arriving and outnumber police officers , like in hungary . 
  mass escape from camps , evasion of fingerprinting and march on highway towards welfare . 
   however , during the process , they are free to go around the country and might illegally leave hungary to the west . 
  how can they be stopped from leaving hungary ? 
  they 'll surely head to budapest railway station and buy a ticket to munich . 
  they 'll walk on highway and railway tracks instead . 
  or make a subreddit . 
  chaos had to stop at some point . 
  sooner they realize they can not get to germany via hungary , better for them . 
  deserters = refugees ? 
  since when ? 
  germany should give cash to hungary in order to protect schengen , not to cut their funds . 
  this is nonsense . 
  protecting borders is far cheaper than accepting migrants . 
   gyorgy bakondi , homeland security adviser to the hungarian prime minister , also confirmed that a `` transit zone '' has been set up at hungary 's border with serbia . 
  those applying for asylum in the zone will be sent back to serbia , he said . 
  the legal status of the transit zone is not the same as entering hungarian territory , bakondi explained . 
  violent riots very soon ? 
  yes , we will accept every single migrant that 's turned back . 
  `` readmission agreements with the countries of the western balkans '' http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l14562, 
  and another 4 million by family reunification . 
  unless they start their march towards germany on highway . 
  they are using the chance to infiltrate into europe , just like bangladeshis . 
  they will end up deported for sure , just deportation is very slow in europe , so they might leech for a few years . 
  if they get caught in hungary , it 's game over . 
  that 's why i think they will avoid it at all cost . 
  [ venspils ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ventspils ) maybe ? 
  cheap rent , not really a big town , and latvia is generally 50 % in woods , therefore a lot of intact green space . 
  there 's an aquapark , museum , library and theater . 
  2 hour drive to riga airport . 
  healthcare is a downside everywhere in eastern europe , since doctors are constantly moving to the west . 
  well , they do it legally at least . 
  they 're 100 % genuine syrians with a passport and russian visa . 
  not pakis flushing their ids and pretending to be a syrian . 
  serbia -  bosnia -  croatia -  slovenia maybe . 
  we 'll see how croatia and slovenia will react , if they 'll just forward them to austria , or register them . 
  knowing serbians , they 'll keep dumping them on hungarian border until masses of migrants spontaneously change the route and head to croatia , or bosnia -  croatia . 
  is there any info if police will use rubber bullets and tear gas if riots start ? 
  all i know is that they 'll shoot migrants from firearms if they start being stabby . 
  is gate set up at railway border crossing ? 
  last week there was an uncontrolled swarm of migrants crossing there , with cops just looking at them . 
  people should learn to encrypt their drives and use tor before they do something stupid like this . 
  nope .
