  sealing borders instead of welcoming illegal immigrants will stop migrant crisis . 
  awesome post , thanks for updates . 
  getting to croatia is not easy . 
  most of the serbia-croatia border is danube , which can not be crossed without a boat . 
  there 's a small portion of the land border ( batrovci ) which can be guarded with a little effort . 
  second option is to cross through bosnia and herzegovina , and then croatia , but that makes the whole thing more complicated and creates more room for things to go wrong . 
  also , croatia will fingerprint all migrants for sure , and if they manage to reach slovenia somehow , they 'll do it as well . 
  sealing the hungarian border will most likely seal the whole western balkans route . 
  i really do n't see any other option for them to easily reach germany . 
  guns , weed , brothels . 
  it made me wonder as well . 
  flights from turkey to europe are considered high risk , dude that looks middle eastern appears with an italian id , which is the most counterfeited id because of low security features , and manages to get through with ease . 
  just imagine how many terrorists have done the same thing or plan to do , it 's just scary . 
  enrolling the university without any proof of elementary and high school completion ? 
  serbian version is with cutting off 1 ball . 
  but now they 're persecuted by polar bears , they 're still refugees !, 
  they 're fleeing for their lives !, 
  i 'd say that eu does n't seem to be interested in further expanding . 
  ^ do n't ^ tell ^ that ^ to ^ serbia, 
  [ he can get into turkey with only dutch identity card , therefore no stamps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_identity_card#validity ), 
  now germany ca n't enforce quotas on poland . 
   slavs and other eastern-europeans know how to protest . 
  in serbia only anti-anti immigration protests are allowed . 
  any kind of anti immigration speech or protest is prohibited . 
  it will become interesting here next week , when hungary seals the border . 
  in yugoslavia , kosovar albanians were privileged , much more than serbs did . 
  they were getting free apartments , welfare , health insurance , never paid any taxes . 
  that 's why their population increased so much , and now when they have their own country , it means no more leeching from serbian tax payers . 
  therefore the situation is what it is now . 
  too bad , since border with macedonia is short and it would n't need much investment to make it impenetrable . 
  migrants would then have only 2 options - to go through kosovo or bulgaria . 
  i 'm willing to provide asylum for german females fleeing from migrants . 
  yup . 
  if they seek asylum in hungary and get fingerprinted , they wo n't be arrested . 
  i believe that others will be deported to serbia due to treaty signed with eu regarding deportation . 
  rubber bullets are dangerous . 
  my homie got hit in the butt and could n't sit properly for a month . 
  getting hit in the head can be as dangerous as getting hit by a real bullet . 
  it 's very simple . 
  if someone gets into your country illegally and does n't seek asylum , he is an illegal immigrant . 
  if he seeks asylum , he is n't prosecuted for illegal entry , and becomes an asylum seeker . 
  if his asylum application is approved , he is a refugee and can stay in the country , legally . 
  i never said they 're there to kill . 
  warning shot is meant to scare intruders away . 
  they do n't want to seek asylum in hungary . 
  unless someone who entered the country illegally asks for asylum , he 's an illegal immigrant . 
  because albanians are majority only in pre\u0161evo and a few villages around it . 
  they should fire warning shots at least if someone 's trying to damage , jump or crawl under the fence . 
   and when that 's not enough they 're going to end up in vatican . 
  `` saudi offers to build mosques in vatican for syrian refugees . '', 
   maybe they have a family there . 
  more likely they want to create one there . 
  what 's finland 's policy of these migrants ? 
  will they still get political asylum even though they crossed 9 - 10 safe countries in the process ? 
  true . 
  foreign diplomas must be accepted first , before someone starts working in the certain field . 
  and it 's not easy at all . 
  it has to determined whether diploma is a counterfeit or not , if it 's bought for money rather than earned , or is issued by illegal/unaccredited university . 
  i bet that education is very different in syria , and that most study programmes are incomparable with those in germany . 
  unrecognized degrees will result in a surplus of unskilled work force . 
  it 's way better for germany to make immigration easier for skilled migrants from non-eu balkans countries , than to import millions of illegal immigrants from third world countries . 
  imho . 
  these people came to europe because they hope to stay in europe permanently , plus to bring their entire family via reunification . 
  once they 're broke , their asylum application rejected and are about to get deported , they 're ready to do anything to stay in europe , just like that eritrean guy . 
  illegal immigrants are ticking time bombs . 
  almost no one will voluntarily return to syria if assad stays in power after war is over . 
  majority hates assad more than isis . 
  well , even if the war does n't end in the next 5 - 6 years , migrants will qualify for citizenship even with the temporary residence permit in the most eu countries . 
  writing hate stuff online under real name and without tor is irresponsible . 
  i 'm the only one who would n't mind living in latvia . 
  [ in 1900 there were 336.430 germans living in vojvodina region , today 's part of serbia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans_of_serbia#demographics ), 
  why do n't they show photos of migrants attacking police officers ? 
  in case it 's forgotten , [ last month a police officer in macedonia was stabbed by a migrant while he was stopped and asked to identify himself ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3htsys/refugee_stabs_macedonian_police_officer_at/ ) . 
  i 'm sick of this media spin where hungarians are always presented as bad guys that are harassing `` defenseless refugees '' . 
  `` free '' shipping . 
  it 's included in price , unfortunately . 
  ... or to start ghettoizing and live off welfare . 
  being a refugee does n't place you above the law . 
  if law says that you must apply for asylum in the first eu country you reach , then you must do it . 
  if law says you can not travel in schengen without schengen visa , they you ca n't do it . 
  and what these people do ? 
  they do n't give a damn about laws . 
  they damage the fence and get into foreign country illegally , they do n't want to get fingerprinted and placed in asylum camps . 
  that 's true . 
  immigrants have zero respect for the country in which they 're staying , do n't care about laws , safety or environment , throwing garbage all around the place , blocking railway and highway . 
  europe does n't owe them jack shit , they 're uninvited guests . 
  ... which makes them economic migrants , once they reach germany . 
  plus unintegrated russian minority . 
  * germoney, 
  switzerland would be my choice . 
  they will surely start breaking into sheds and houses of old people . 
  you should see the park near the bus station in belgrade . 
  they 've turned the whole place into shit . 
  this is insane . 
  they 've ruined the railway traffic , now they 're ruining the highway . 
  it got me as well . 
  i guess that title should be middle eastern migrants , rather than asian . 
  yeah , as soon as they see a camera , they drop on the ground and play a victim . 
  first scumbag stacy , now these guys .
