  i thought this guy must have been divorce raped . 
  borrowing money in order to support the colonization of their own country . 
  that 's heavy . 
  imho russians in latvia are generally more accepted than in other baltic countries ( estonia especially ) , and there 's much more tolerance . 
  prime example must be the constitutional referendum in 2012 ( even though everyone knew the outcome ) . 
  and other examples i can think of are mandatory russian language in schools ( no idea how 's the situation now with that ) , plus some minor things like that voice message when a cell phone user is unavailable , which tells you that in english , latvian and russian language . 
  sure , there will always be jerks like [ these urlas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg5z3zakzcs ) but i think that young people will soon realize the benefit of being born with eu citizenship , which can provide free education abroad and a job . 
  illegal or legal ( non-eu ) immigrants ? 
  throw in some toilet paper that will mitigate the fall . 
  in my school , we only had squat toilets . 
  even though in 12 years i never pooped in the school toilet , i think that squat toilets are the best solution for men 's restroom , because it 's easier to maintain and it is more hygienic ( there 's no toilet seat that men can pee on ) . 
  my buddy received a nice job offer from a company based in munich and should move there by the end of this year and start working as a junior developer . 
  his main concern currently are migrants , and whether this year will be the same as the previous one . 
  could someone tell me how 's the situation in munich ? 
  any other advice would be helpful too . 
  yes , there was also a a dude that was using his little sister as a shield . 
  they seem to be ready to do anything , except to obey laws . 
  i remember watching this on discovery in 2013 or 2014 . 
  ultimate cops was a great show . 
  found out how badass russian omon is . 
  i bet that even i would be mistaken for an arab in poland . 
  yes , but when migrants move in groups of thousands , they do n't care about detection . 
  it 's impossible to stop them without a fence . 
  there are a lot of syrians living and working in saudi arabia . 
  most of them got into turkey legally . 
  while 0 of them got into greece legally . 
   do n't worry bros , we 'll storm the beaches of halkidiki soon enough !, 
  favorite destination for landlocked balkans people . 
  well , deportation to country of origin where they might face death is not always possible . 
  where would they deport syrians ? 
  no way , as they do n't recognize assad as a legitimate president . 
  also there are no flights to syria . 
  * social experiment, 
  no idea to be honest . 
  i never thought about it . 
   boredom and hate are an explosive combination true . 
  we have a saying here `` idle mind - devil 's playground '' . 
  dota 2 as well i guess , or lol . 
  do n't hate the country . 
  hate the government . 
  i know i would n't . 
  currently only syrians and iraqis are allowed to pass , but soon gates will only be open for syrians , others will be stranded in greece . 
  yeah . 
  if there was n't reddit , i would n't even know that there was a protest . 
  nah , iirc stds can only be transferred to humans from apes . 
  but still , vpn provider has your payment info , in case you did n't use bitcoin . 
  i guess they can forward that to the government . 
  yup , a lot of exit nodes are operated by cops . 
  that 's why you should always submit info on ssl pages only , plus encrypting it with pgp as an extra layer of protection if you communicate with someone . 
  because if cops get their hands on the server , you 're screwed . 
   they will find you there too if they really want to . 
  not really . 
  all tor busts so far were due to wrong configuration by the user . 
  you can look up online . 
  it 's always either javascript or flash exploit . 
  if you keep noscript on , window not maximized , and submit data only on ssl pages , you are 99 % safe . 
  lock wifi and make sure your router 's firmware is up-to-date 2 . 
  use tor and/or vpn to download stuff that your government does n't like 3 . 
  encrypt your hdd, 
  no reason to worry about migrants . 
  illegal taxi drivers around belgrade airport is something you should be careful about . 
  there are a lot people stuck between even now . 
  croatia is refusing to accept anyone except syrians , iraqis and afghans . 
  others are coming here on north and try to cut the fence and enter hungary . 
  just make migrants pay for their transport like we do it here . 
  unhcr is paying train tickets for those who can not afford the bus . 
   technically speaking violating a countries border as a refugee is not illegal . 
  at least according to the refugee convention macedonia has signed . 
  yes . 
  but only if they seek asylum . 
  but these guys enter and exit 6 countries before they reach germany , without seeking asylum , which is illegal . 
  even syrians went to jail back in 2011 . and 2012 . here in serbia , but back then there were like 10 people entering illegally per day , so it was easy to handle . 
  now everyone just passes with no problem . 
  i 'm not from bulgaria , but read about situation in vidin long time ago . 
  generally , young people move to sofia or elsewhere in order to work or study , as there are not many opportunities for them if they decide to stay in vidin . 
  it 's not the place that attracts tourists . 
  [ new europe bridge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_europe_bridge ) was built with hope that it 'll make things better . 
  i have no info how much it did . 
  bosnian serbs . 
  any more info about girls in belarus ? 
  are they fine , or gold diggers ? 
  but migrants can jump into water and swim to uk shore , or demand to be rescued as they are in uk 's waters . 
   i ca n't understand why police ca n't do anything about this situation too busy monitoring facebook and twitter for xenophobic posts . 
  yeah , though in most cases bribe will cost less than the private clinic . 
  and there are cases when doctor tells you `` waiting list is too long , i 'm a fair doctor that does not accept bribe . 
  your best solution is to go to xyz clinic and you can get that in no time , or wait here for 2 years . 
  '' , and doctor receives percent from that clinic for every patient he sends . 
   ( but might have to wait in line ) line can be skipped here if you bribe enough . 
  us green card lottery is always an option . 
  it is open from october to november every year . 
  results are published in may . 
  old it might be , but looks like it 's still pretty effective . 
  but still , if one guy manages to collect enough money in germany , he can send it back to family , which can use it to pay the smuggler and reach germany . 
  i agree , although you can throw the knife at the assaulter ( if you 're trained and the knife is suitable for throwing ) . 
  in some libraries in denmark there are no chairs at computers . 
  why is that ? 
  to discourage people from occupying computers for too long ? 
  there is a well known [ isis village ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fgwps89.jpg ) o\u0161ve in bosnia and herzegovina which is recruiting people to fight in syria . 
  everyone knows about it and nobody does anything about it . 
  it 's funded by sunni isis supporters living abroad .
