  latvia has the fastest internet . 
  he could have just ordered them from the deep web . 
  there 's still demand for roughnecks in norwegian oil fields and forests ? 
  i was wondering if anyone is familiar with asylum law in germany , do they have to be physically in germany in order to apply for asylum , or could they do it in german embassy in ankara , and go to germany legally once they are accepted ? 
  they want to bring their families to germany legally , by airplane , and obtain residence permits for them , once they obtain the residence permit for themselves . 
  bulgaria would a no . 
  1 transit country for immigrants if they are n't treated so bad , since it 's a land route unlike greece . 
  no sea means less risk , and less money needs to be given to smugglers , thus the number of immigrants would probably be a double of what it is today . 
  the situation is unlikely to change in the foreseeable future . 
  i would n't be surprised if there 's 5 - 10 million new immigrants in germany by the end of this decade , if they keep welcoming everyone , and keep not deporting illegal economic immigrants . 
  they apply for asylum in serbia once they enter , and then they can use a bus or a train for 72 hours . 
  quotas will not work . 
  people will still flee to western europe , in case they 're not closed in some heavily guarded camps . 
  if they wanted to live in eastern europe , they would n't have come to germany in the first place . 
   if they like it there it 's all good , but what happens if they find germany/sweden not to be perfect ? 
  will they demand , protest again ? 
  they probably will . 
  [ they did it in sweden in january ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2894696/forty-asylum-seekers-refuse-bus-24-hours-arriving-picturesque-swedish-village-housed-wanted-live-city.html ), 
  you 're not allowing illegal immigrants without any documents to get on board ? 
  that 's racist ! ^ / s, 
  i think enforcing quotas will only make stuff worse , as immigrants do not want to live in eastern europe , which can provide only shelter and food , and they had it already in lebanon , jordan and turkey . 
  germany needs to stop telling they 'll accept all immigrants , and blame eu countries for not accepting quotas at the same time . 
  you 're not allowing middle eastern illegal immigrants without any documents to get on board ? 
  that 's racist ! ^ / s, 
  they would n't get anything in gulf countries . 
  and news have spread out that in deutschland they 'll get free apartments , pocket money , education , medical insurance etc. 
  that 's the reason why immigrant quotas and sending immigrants to eastern europe will never work , as those countries can not provide anything more than shelter and food . 
  immigrants will become very aggressive as they paid thousands of eur in order to get smuggled to germany . 
  and they want to get german visas for their family members who are still in the middle east . 
  they are n't prosecuted for illegal crossing in case they seek asylum when they get caught . 
  it 's because european governments are insane and are giving more rights to these illegal beggars than they deserve . 
  i 'm sure that this illegal immigration will continue for years , and will result in several million illegal aliens flooding streets . 
  africa and asia do not have shortage of people . 
  [ looks like they 're having a good time there . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2507149/elina-desaine-named-britains-horniest-student-degrading-online-competition.html ), 
  they do n't want to live in balkans . 
  even in rich countries like sweden , they want to live in big cities , [ and not in remote areas . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2894696/forty-asylum-seekers-refuse-bus-24-hours-arriving-picturesque-swedish-village-housed-wanted-live-city.html ), 
  nokia 3330 , basically 3310 with wap . 
  yup . 
  liep\u0101ja in latvia is known as `` the city where the wind is born '' . 
  but still , there are swimmers in august every year . 
  if they have documents and legally exit russia , why not . 
  they just have to tell the cop at norwegian checkpoint that they seek asylum , no need to be illegally present within the country . 
  still , germany will remain more appealing to them , rather than winter and polar nights in norway . 
  they 're welcomed and helped in serbia , but they ( fortunately for us ) do n't stay here , but cross another 2 - 3 safe countries ( illegally ) . 
  if this is n't illegal migration , i do n't know what it is . 
  passport , id , driver 's licence , library card etc. 
  anything that can prove who they are and where are they from is acceptable . 
  if they discard all their documents , it 's obvious they 're hiding something . 
  still , eu tax payers do not owe anything to those people . 
  i ca n't find any article in english , but serbian media wrote that hungarian authorities will treat illegal border crossing as a criminal offence , and may lead to [ 3 years in prison ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=sr&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=sr&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.b92.net%2finfo%2fvesti%2findex.php%3fyyyy%3d2015%26mm%3d08%26dd%3d28%26nav_category%3d78%26nav_id%3d1032537&amp;edit-text= ) , therefore illegal migrants will have a criminal record . 
  would this void their right for asylum in western europe ? 
  he left them because there because they are safe in jordan , and he went illegally to germany in order to get asylum , and then drag them legally to germany so they can leech of german tax payer money for the rest of their lives . 
  [ government took their jobs ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/albania-seizes-500-000-cannabis-plants-major-crackdown-180709550.html ), 
  if italian boats would stop giving them a free ride , smugglers would stop sending them so much . 
  boats with immigrants start to sink as soon as they leave the dock , due to weight and poor construction . 
  if smugglers would want their boats to reach italian waters , they 'd have to let much less people to get on board , and to build stronger vessels . 
  this would reduce illegal immigration significantly . 
  tv boobs  internet boobs, 
  they wanted some welfare in de , did n't want to get arrested in hungary or placed in the asylum center , romanian dude showed up with a truck at illegal border crossing point , they jumped in the truck , shit hit the fan at some point , romanian dude jumped out and ran away . 
  not kind of publicity they 'd wish , though . 
  it would n't be so crowded if there are n't economic migrants ( from bangladesh , pakistan , afghanistan and some africans ) that are pretending to be refugees and want to take advantage of the chaotic situation , and illegally immigrate to the west . 
  they also caused incidents with stabbings , not syrians . 
  so every baltic non-russian participated ? 
  well , it 's kinda different from things that happen in the west . 
  in this case terrorists specifically targeted israelis , not native citizens of bulgaria ( bulgarian bus driver was just in the wrong place at the wrong time unfortunately ) . 
  i guess this is one of the few advantages of living in the eastern europe , not having to worry that my bus will get blasted with c4 , or that someone will get on board with an assault rifle . 
  or just go through serbia instead :p, 
  afaik spain does n't even recognize kosovan passports . 
  it makes me wonder what this sub looked like a couple of years ago . 
  two most obvious problems i can see coming are 1 . 
  asylum abuse 2 . 
  illegal work there is no way you can prevent these . 
  once in schengen , people can go anywhere and do anything . 
  problem with asylum abuse is not just about draining tax payers ' money . 
  much bigger problem is that turkey might just stop accepting their own citizens back , or be very selective about who are they accepting . 
  so , what is eu going to do about it ? 
  tell erdogan they 'll suspend visa-free travel unless he starts accepting all his people back ? 
  they 'll just get some blackmail from erdogan in return . 
  and visa-free travel will remain . 
  we 've seen how big the problem with asylum abuse was when non-eu balkans countries got visa-free travel . 
  and population of those countries is significantly smaller than turkish . 
  also , those countries are accepting all their rejected asylum seekers since they want good relations with eu and hope they * might * be accepted one day . 
  things with turkey do n't work that way . 
  but that 's none of my business . 
  they are ( formally ) changing their residence to central serbia and try to obtain a serbian passport that way . 
  but lately it became much tougher without right connections or bribe . 
   the large majority would never consider getting a serbian passport . 
  there are albanians trying/managing to obtain a serbian passport since it allows them to travel without schengen visa , and therefore makes it possible to work ( illegally ) in eu or seek asylum . 
  people are too busy planning how to get drunk on 1st of may . 
  no time for building the civil society . 
  he was expecting at least 60 % of votes . 
  he invested millions of ( our ) euros in campaign . 
  he also pressured voters by sending party activists to knock on house doors and ask them to vote for sns , buying votes for like 20 - 30 eur , and some workers in state-owned companies were told they will be fired if they do n't vote for sns . 
  not to mention that vu\u010di\u0107 was on 95 % of tv ads and billboards . 
  extremely dirty and unfair campaign , and as you can see , not very good roi . 
  on the other hand , dosta je bilo ( which is the only real opposition ) spent less than 50.000 eur , mostly on facebook ads , and got 6 % of votes . 
  if you have 5 % or more , you get into parliament . 
  number of seats you get is determined according to [ d'hondt method ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method ) .
