  i do n't think i could qualify as a high skilled worker . 
   higher professional qualifications are :  qualifications attested by evidence of higher education qualifications ;  attested by at least five years of professional experience of a level comparable to higher education . 
  do you know any good websites to search for a job in poland ( like monster.de for germany ) ? 
  how difficult is it for a young non-eu guy , with bsc degree ( not in it ) but very little work experience and no knowledge of polish language to obtain a work and residence permit in poland ? 
  so far i had zero luck with job applications in western europe , i get rejected as soon as they find out i do n't have eu passport . 
   a video that is actively being censored at the moment in turkey : turkish soldiers throwing a pkk member and executing another one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sj1jkxeh_ak this kind of stuff has been proven to be counter-productive at fighting terrorism , and will actually just encourage more and more young men to join . 
  if this was n't turkey , i 'm sure they 'd already been getting democracy thrown at them from 10.000 meters . 
   i guess it depends on what people are buying instead of vodka . 
  maybe they make their own moonshine . 
  our government statistics count you as employed as long as you worked at least one day per year . 
  clever way to manipulate with voters . 
  the best thing is to rely on yourself first . 
  - * romanian communist party *, 
  for peanut money . 
  no to globalist tyranny . 
  it is young women that flee the most from east germany . 
  http://i.imgur.com/0w3dr5m.png [ entire study can be found here ] ( http://siteresources.worldbank.org/intwdr2009/resources/4231006-1204741572978/vollmer.pdf ) moldova would turn into giant sausage fest in no time after unification . 
  export ? 
  $ 549 with or without utilities included ? 
  how much does it go for utilities ? 
  or a young male in east germany ( except berlin ) looking for a partner . 
  i have no doubt that many people in turkey vote for erdogan because they think they 're doing the right thing . 
  controlled media is doing wonders . 
  it 's much easier for young women to move out and find a job , than it is for young men . 
  i 've recently read this interesting study which gives explanation why are there way more guys than girls in east germany in 18 - 29 age category . 
  people here rent apartments to couples ( or guys who want to bang an escort ) for around 10 eur per day . 
  they make more money that way , than if they would rent the apartment to a student . 
  it 's not surprising if you take into consideration what 's happening in turkey in recent years . 
  my assumption is some balkans country , except slovenia and maybe croatia . 
  we have a lot of guys like him here . 
  young women will always have more options than young men . 
  that 's the reason behind that fact . 
  i do n't think so . 
  no more mr. nice guy is a must-read book on the manosphere . 
  that 's good . 
  here you can even smoke in a bakery . 
  same thing in serbia . 
  with all the taxes , registration and mandatory insurance , it 's not affordable to have more than 1 car per family . 
  government is doing this in order to rob people , there are no other reasons beside that . 
  still better that , than 1000 articles on the front page about refugees . 
  is smoking in restaurants and clubs allowed in turkey ? 
  that 's what i find super annoying as a non-smoker here . 
  i have to throw all my clothes into the washing machine after a night out . 
  i can bet the article author is frequent on the manosphere . 
  / r/europe is default for european accounts . 
  coalition is in a grey area in syria . 
  but as long as they 're not attacking saa or ypg , everything 's fine . 
  i 'm living in a town , lack of young women and jobs is the biggest downside ( among many ) . 
  we have private clinics as well , but they do n't offer services like brain/heart surgeries , transplantation and many other . 
  so if you need any of these listed , your options are either bribing or dying waiting . 
  okay , i 'm adding that to my tinder profile . 
  here you can skip waiting lists if you 're ready to bribe enough . 
  looks like even serbia is ranking slightly better than us . 
  i 'm 175 cm tall , am i more immune to mutations ? 
  pre-referendum/election promises are only for suckers , to be honest . 
  just look up some syrian rebel combat footages . 
  and i thought they 'll at least learn how to hold a rifle properly after 5 years of fighting . 
   the problem is enormous and i do n't really see a way out . 
  if you ca n't fight them , join them . 
  who told you that , cnn ? 
  or you 're just trolling . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 was fighting for unity of sfry in 1991 and 1992 . 
  after it became obvious it 's hopeless and there 's no way sfry can remain united without huge material and human losses , he decided to withdraw jna troops to serbia , disbanded jna and formed a federation with montenegro ( fry ) . 
  serbs in bosnia and croatia were acting on their own accord from that point , milo\u0161evi\u0107 had no control over them . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 was pressuring karad\u017ei\u0107 even back in 1993 to accept peace proposal and end the war in bosnia , which karad\u017ei\u0107 refused . 
  in 1994 milo\u0161evi\u0107 imposed sanctions on republika srpska in order to make more pressure . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 was strongly against ethnic cleansing that republika srpska army was conducting in bosnia . 
  learn some facts before commenting . 
  both republika srpska and republika srpska krajina wanted to be a part of sfry , and then fry , but slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 did n't want them . 
  you mean istok . 
   they were supposedly repeatedly asked to speak polish , when one of them actually did , he got punched . 
  what the fuck . 
  i do n't agree . 
  what 's your plan ? 
  no worries , they 've imported 1m of engineers and doctors last year . 
  beautiful . 
  we can only speculate , since there are no hard evidences . 
   in 2013 , rebels were not interested in any negotiations . 
  now in 2016 nothing is different . 
  they keep insisting on us intervention . 
   you mean when assad used chemical weapons ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghouta_chemical_attack perpetrator is unknown . 
  maybe it was assad , and maybe it was rebels who hoped it will trigger us intervention . 
  us had their chance in 2013 to intervene in syria . 
  now they ca n't do much except sitting and watching . 
  ca n't tell if serious or just seriously trolling . 
   white women do enjoy foreign men because they 're new and exciting . 
  however their interest only goes as far as a fling or a short term relationship . 
   when it comes to long term relationships , white women tend to far prefer white men . 
  alpha fucks , beta bucks . 
  google it . 
  how do you meet women in sweden ? 
  would they call the police if you 'd start hitting on them at the bus stop ? 
  sound pretty much like serbia outside of belgrade . 
  everyone , and especially young women leave their hometowns and head towards the belgrade . 
  due to female migration we now have ghost villages , and in some decades we 'll have plenty of ghost towns as well . 
  toss a coin to decide . 
  australia and new zealand as well . 
  there was a map a few months ago which was showing a huge lack of young women in east germany . 
  low birthrate after reunification therefore makes sense , when so many young women leave the entire area .
