  people are hanging out with exactly the same people all their lives ( usually guys they went together in elementary school ) . 
  you can make some acquaintances through social circles , but they 'll never be your friends , just your friend 's friends . 
  serbs like to brag how friendly and welcoming they are . 
  it may be true if you 're a foreigner and they find you exotic , but other than that they 're asocial and rarely let new people enter their cliques . 
  there 's a deep-rooted attitude that `` true friends are made in childhood '' , which is quite retarded if you ask me . 
  come to serbia . 
   will ... will they make us pay for it ? 
  nah , they 'll build it on serbian border and they 'll make serbians pay for it . 
  so basically northern syria will become new golan heights . 
  imo it 's definitely an attack on country 's sovereignty , but the fact remains that isis was controlling that area for years and currently assad has very little influence on syria 's faith . 
  if putin is okay with turkish army actions , then he 'll have to remain silent . 
   eu countries thought only the neighboring countries would have to deal with the refugees . 
  yeah , they were cool until refugees came knocking on their doors . 
  if there 's any common sense left in eu , they 'll start funding camps in syria and automatically deport all newly arrived refugees . 
  years, 
  i do n't think so . 
  it does n't , however turkish intervention wo n't end once jarubulus is taken . 
  turkish f.m \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu announced `` if ypg does n't retreat to the east of euphrates , turkey we 'll do what 's necessary '' . 
   i very much doubt assad or the syrian kurds agreed to this . 
  putin definitely made a deal with erdogan that he 's allowed to intervene in north of syria as long as he 's not attacking saa troops . 
  it 's foolish to think that turkish army is entering syria on their own accord . 
  erdogan wants to prevent ypg from connecting cantons . 
  once turkish army takes control over jarubulus , it will give it to fsa , and if ypg decides to attack it , turkish army will shell ypg until they retreat , just like they 're doing in northern aleppo pocket . 
  why is that girl not wearing any shoes ? 
  we have 250 of them in our parliament . 
  how did athletes from kosovo enter brazil when brazil does not recognize kosovo ? 
  never talk to cops . 
  it 's mostly albanians and gypsies with serbian passports though . 
  he turned 80 recently , and currently he 's enjoying in chalkidiki with my grandma . 
  generally having more fun than i do , lol . 
  my grandpa was fired in yugoslavia because he was declared as `` politically unfit '' , got kicked out of the party and his passport was taken away . 
  as a politically unfit person , he could n't get a new job . 
  at that point he was thinking about either committing a suicide , or trying to flee to austria illegally and seek asylum . 
  he was writing appeals to every single person he could think of , and finally after 6 months one appeal was successful . 
  he got his job and passport back , and kept his mouth shut until the breakup of country . 
  they keep blaming assad for everything . 
  [ here ] ( http://serbia-sucks.blogspot.rs/2012/05/belgrade-nighlife.html ) 's a pretty good blog post about belgrade nightlife . 
  it 's not any better elsewhere in the country . 
  everyone sticks with their group and do n't interact with anyone else . 
  if you go out alone hoping to meet someone , well , you 're not gon na have good time . 
  i like trains in my country because they are cheap . 
  oh , i totally forgot that martyrdom is the fastest way to heaven . 
  in that case everyone 's happy , i guess . 
   you then tell him that serb soldiers like to kill civilians and rape women , and that nato prevented that . 
  you should definitely watch less cnn . 
  i 'd rather live in belarus than in russian federation . 
   at least that 'll be good for everyone if he wins . 
  not for islamic terrorists . 
  do n't forget to bring a bulletproof vest . 
  it 's quite common here as well . 
  one son wants to sell the house , other son does n't , then first son asks other son to give him money for his part of the house , and other son of course does n't have enough money , so house is just left like that one in the photo . 
  damn . 
  what do you guys learn in school ? 
  in 6th grade we had to know to all countries in europe , locate them on map and tell basic things about each . 
  i just hope this wo n't be interpreted as another open invitation by arab media . 
  we already have thousands of migrants trapped in serbia that can not go any further . 
   i do n't know where this fool thinks we 're going to get fighter planes and tanks from to take on the professional army of spain do what kosovars did , trigger international intervention and let them create a country for you . 
  just prepare a lot of tissues to wipe tears in front of cnn reporters . 
  milo\u0161evi\u0107 did exactly that to kosovo in 90s and it lead to creation of kosovo `` liberation '' army . 
  spain 's government must be careful , suspension of autonomy and arrests can easily start violence . 
   the manipulation at schools and institutes is really scary , and after 40 years there is a whole generation of brainwashed . 
  so basically kosovo 2.0 . 
  also ptsd . 
  well , daesh needs someone willing to drive svbieds . 
  they need mentally unstable people who can be persuaded that martyrdom is the fastest way to heaven . 
  hungarians from serbia are already taking hungarian passports en masse , but most of them emigrate to western europe . 
  i guess that plenty of ethnic serbs would n't mind living and working in hungary , if it would be easier to obtain visa . 
  however , language would be an obstacle , but it 's not impossible to learn it with enough effort . 
  ... * yet * ^ ^ / jk, 
  money . 
  magic beans . 
  do n't forget housing . 
  in some countries yes . 
  migrants ( asylum seekers ) do n't want to stay in eastern europe because there 's no welfare , and if there is it barely covers expenses . 
  solution for what ? 
  assault rifle has to have a full automatic mode in order to be called an assault rifle . 
  but i agree , guns like ar-15 can be equally deadly if they end up in wrong hands . 
  handguns yes , but assault rifles like ak-47 were never legal for civilian possession , and yet terrorists always find a way to obtain them . 
  russians in latvia have to go through naturalization process in order to get citizenship , and they do n't want to because test requires them to write that latvia was occupied by ussr . 
  how do you know they 're bosnians ? 
  if a country has no army , it has no means of protecting its territorial integrity . 
  i always get downvoted into oblivion whenever i say this , but i 'll say it again - nato ( us ) never engages in military conflicts with countries that are capable of defending themselves . 
  it is foolish to think that us will provide unconditional military support and jeopardize its own national security over baltic states , or any other eastern european country . 
  just ask yourself why usa never invaded north korea , while they invaded many other countries for much less reason . 
  eu army would never work . 
  armies which are consisted out of so many different ethnicities become disjointed the same moment when real attack occurs . 
  [ yugoslav people 's army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_people%27s_army ) was considered to be one of the strongest armies in europe , but in reality it was just a paper tiger and would fell apart when first soviet tank would cross the border . 
  it 's a mistake that landed him in jail . 
  two agents came behind him and staged a fight , and when guy got distracted , 3rd agent grabbed his laptop and had all his unecrypted data . 
  just install some linux distro and you 'll have no worries about viruses . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:united_states_extradition_treaties_countries.png no need for island states , russia or belarus would do the work . 
  dude was making millions from that website , i 'm sure he could easily get residence in either of these countries . 
  it 's really fascinating how owners of shady websites get caught . 
  silk road owner was caught by fbi while he was maintaining his website on a laptop in a public library . 
  kat owner was using the same email address for kat facebook page and to buy music from itunes . 
  he also had a server in chicago where he hosted kat . 
  and instead of bitcoin , he was using bank accounts in latvia and estonia to receive money from advertisers . 
  it really amazes me how he was n't caught years ago , he was constantly making rookie mistakes while operating the biggest torrent website on the web . 
  not just phones , everything they make is overpriced . 
  he should have moved to a county that has no extradition treaty with usa .
