  all minorities can get education in their native language . 
  unlike kosovo albanians , these minorities consider serbia their home and do n't have separatist tendencies . 
   the legal requirement is so high to ensure that only the truly guilty , ie beyond doubt , are given hadd punishments . 
  i believe in the ottoman empire hadd punishment was rarely given out . 
  there is some what sensible reasoning behind it , but it is seriously flawed as we often see here . 
  it is very flawed , but unfortunately it 's impossible to make a system that would completely eliminate false rape accusations . 
  western system is seriously flawed as well , you can end up losing your friends , family , career and reputation because of a false rape accusation . 
   but we all know rape of a male is rarely reported , even in the west , so i 'd be surprised if it has ever happened in a sharia run state . 
  there are a lot of cases of men raping men in the middle east , especially locals raping asians . 
  but those cases remain unreported because victims would be punished for being homosexuals , while perpetrator wo n't face any prosecution . 
  saudis have to drive all the way to bahrain just to get wasted . 
  yeah . 
  football stopped being sport long ago , now it 's just pure business and nothing else . 
   i do n't get why many european women go to arab countries to work as prostitutes . 
  money . 
  a lot of easy money . 
  but what happens if a woman who is a rape victim is n't an infidel ? 
  i think i 've read somewhere that you can be locked up for saying `` hi '' to a woman in the street if she reports it to sharia police . 
  it 's impossible to find a ride from balkans to any baltic state except in july and august , when people from russia and belarus are traveling to/from bulgarian coast . 
  nah , it was only a hypotetical question . 
  i 'd like to present you a hypothetical situation and i 'd be happy if you could take time and give a honest reply . 
  let 's say your so wants to marry you . 
  you love him , you love his personality and his personal qualities . 
  his material situation is like this : he lives with his parents in a big house in suburbs , built in 70s . 
  his parents live on the ground level , and he wants you and future kids to live on the 1st floor . 
  he has university degree , a decent job , which is n't paying much , but is pretty stable , works 40 hours per week and has no debt . 
  he owns a used car from late 90s/early 2000s . 
  he can not afford going anywhere for winter vacation , but can afford 7 days of summer vacation every or every other year . 
  he buys clothes mainly on discounts and second hand shops . 
  all he 's expecting from you is to take care of household and kids , and maybe do some part time or temporary job if such opportunity comes along . 
  with the situation presented , would you accept your so 's proposal ? 
  huge mountains can help ( i guess ? 
   worst thing is most people go `` so what if the majority is kurdish ? 
  we just need to get along : dddd '' yeah , getting along with an ethnic group that * does not want * to get along is a bit tough . 
  \u0160e\u0161elj will fortunately never come to power . 
  he is respected because he managed to beat hague tribunal , but majority of people are tired of his pro-war rhetoric and would be happy if he could just retire and never hold a microphone in his hand again . 
  damn . 
  that 's a disaster waiting to happen . 
  we had the same thing in kosovo . 
  in 1948 . there were 733.000 people living in kosovo , and in 1989 . there were 1.889.000 . 
  serbian families had 2 , sometimes 3 kids at most , while albanians had 6 - 7 and more . 
  looks like kurds are applying the same tactic in turkey . 
  at least . 
  serbia will never enter eu without recognizing kosovo first , and imposing sanctions on russian federation . 
  pro-eu politicians here ( especially the ruling party ) are silent about it , because they are using eu accession as a distraction from real issues . 
   i do n't really see how would croatia and serbia go to war currently , and over what . 
  there 's still an ongoing border dispute . 
  but it would be an incredibly stupid reason for any kind of armed conflict if you ask me . 
  big and diverse unions do n't work . 
  they fall apart sooner or later . 
  soviet union fell apart . 
  yugoslavia fell apart . 
  that 's because nationalism prevails . 
  further federalization of eu would lead to collapse . 
  even with current situation in eu , a lot of countries are dissatisfied . 
  a lot of stuff does n't work . 
  brexit , migrant quotas and fences are result . 
  i think that eu is unsustainable in this form . 
  it will have to either transform or it will collapse . 
  violent revolutions are not a solution for anything . 
  we had our maidan back in 2000 , got pro-eu government , politicians filled their own pockets and regular people got nothing . 
  muslims do not want to assimilate . 
  there 's no way you can save the system . 
  enjoy the decline . 
  whenever i 'm asked if i still live with parents , i reply that parents still live with me . 
   you do n't go to greece to stay 2 weeks on a beach or to get some cheap booze . 
  i do . 
  deep web ? 
  here in serbia 3 years is minimum sentence for any amount of weed . 
  how about in christiania ? 
   it 's not doomsday yet , unless you happen to live in the rural regions same problem here . 
  male : female ratio in small towns and villages is crazy . 
  once girls finish school , they move to belgrade in order to study/get a job/marry and you do n't see them ever again . 
  guys on the other hand tend to stay in their hometown and live with parents , thus creating this huge gender imbalance . 
  wow , that 's super weird . 
  i do n't know anyone here with that kind of problem , is it common in croatia ? 
   when it comes to internet, 
  how 's that possible ? 
  your native language is not croatian ? 
  same thing here for latin diacritics . 
  serbian keyboards are qwertz but most of the keyboards that are sold are qwerty . 
  so people type s , c , dj , z instead of \u0161 , \u0107 , \u010d , \u0111 , \u017e . 
  especially in sms . 
  you had to google it ? 
  someone 's got ta do it . 
  i do n't think so . 
  commieblocks . 
  sure , you need some initial funds , but that 's far from any significant amount . 
  studies are free with eu passport , you need to pay dorm though , but you can work and study at the same time and make yourself self-sufficient . 
   you can apply for romanian passport and go clean toilets in germany with romanian passport or enroll university in any eu country and get a decent job after graduation . 
   what i 'm trying to say is that serbian government never gave a shit about kosovo , before or after the 1999 war kosovo was receiving huge amounts of money during the time of sfr yugoslavia , which accepted a lot of immigrants from albania and people in kosovo never paid any utilities or taxes . 
  fertility was highest in europe . 
  and even during the time of tito , more than 10.000 serbs were leaving kosovo permanently every year since tito did everything against serb interests . 
  1974 . constitution is one of many things he did against serbs . 
  during 90s , milo\u0161evi\u0107 conducted some extreme measures to fix things , which eventually made situation for kosovo serbs even worse . 
  after milo\u0161evi\u0107 , all governments in belgrade were brussels puppets that do what brussels says . 
  but what they have in common is they do n't care much about kosovo serbs . 
  almost every serb family in kosovo now has a house or apartment in central serbia , in case shit hits the fan like in 2004 . 
  they know there 's no one to rely on but on themselves . 
  how old was his mother ?
