  so many stateless people , aka aliens . 
  damn . 
  i assumed they must be russian . 
  tesla is a croat . 
  `` was it better in communism ? '', 
  yeah , a lot of gypsies here are declaring as serbs . 
  alien capital of europe, 
  difficult physics . 
  kosovo can never become a fully recognized country without 1 . 
  new un resolution , since [ 1244 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1244 ) is still in effect 2 . 
  formal recognition by the government in belgrade new un resolution would get vetoed , and no government in belgrade is willing to formally recognize kosovo . 
  kosovo ** does ** matter as long as there are serbian citizens and property there , and 1244 resolution is in effect . 
  most serbs here are against eu , since it 's becoming more and more obvious that we 'll never become a member without formal recognition of kosovo , and imposing sanctions on russian federation . 
  and i personally do n't believe that this or any future government is ready to do either of those . 
  let 's be honest , feminism and illegal immigrants are a much more realistic threat for sweden than putin 's invasion . 
   the problem lies in russia still seeing the west as a threat . 
  because it is ? 
  not many syrians arrived in finland . 
  it 's mostly iraqis who heard somewhere that finland considers iraq as an unsafe country and have high chance of getting asylum . 
  if a girl is traveling by herself or only with her female friends , she 'll engage in some guilt-free sex with locals . 
  always . 
  i do n't really blame those guys . 
  they 're just looking for something to bone , even though i would n't touch those sluts with a 2 meter stick . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4c9llb/whats_up_with_the_obvious_corruption_on_the/d1g8tpm ), 
  putin, 
  yeah , if they suspect you 're going to eu to seek asylum or work illegally , they 'll ask bribe to let you in . 
  they know you 're not staying in hungary , that 's why they do n't really care . 
   depression and alcoholism significantly lowers performance in iq tests yeah , both of them damage the brain . 
  although damage from depression can be reversed to a significant extent with proper treatments . 
   visa free access doesnt mean we stop checking the passports and controlling who is coming in surely ? 
  hungarian border police is quite corrupt , i have no doubt they 'll let people into schengen as long as they have a valid passport and bribe . 
  do n't drop the soap . 
   would it really matter if humanity became extinct ? 
  nah , not entire humanity . 
  just white people . 
  you are right . 
  cultures that promote promiscuity instead of family values simply have no future . 
  and mercenaries . 
  in this corrupt shithole you never know whether your organs will wind up being sold to some foreigner after you die . 
  people know how unethical and corrupt our healthcare system is and simply do n't want to opt-in . 
  yup , kosovo is pretty safe as well ... as long as you 're not a serb . 
  same shit here . 
  my building is full of those guys with `` disability '' ranging from 90 % to 100 % . 
  they are getting 300 - 400 $ from the government every month . 
  and when they are n't sitting on crates drinking beer in front of the store and cat calling whenever a girl is passing by , they are chopping wood , mowing lawns and do other kinds of physical jobs for additional money . 
  nobody can prevent them from applying for asylum . 
  it 's just that they do n't want to do it in poland . 
  nice one . 
  do n't let feminism to take over your society . 
  yes , they all speak arabic . 
  i really encourage everyone from vojvodina to move if they can obtain hungarian or croatian passport . 
  unfortunately i do n't have hungarian or croatian ancestry , so i 'm stuck here with idiots who keep voting for vu\u010di\u0107 . 
  i have no intentions to procreate in this kind of environment , so i guess that iq of this area will be around the room temperature in a few decades . 
  no surprise as the province has lowest fertility rate , highest emigration rate and highest suicide rate in the country . 
  outside of novi sad ( capital of the province ) , there is n't really anything interesting to see . 
  yup , but still , over 90 % of people who got hungarian passports are ethnic hungarians ( i have no official sauce but read in newspapers ) . 
  language test is completely arbitrary and is difficult to pass unless you are native speaker . 
  before ww2 there was huge jewish and german minority . 
  when nazis came , almost all jews were killed . 
  when commies kicked out nazis , they kicked them out together with german minority . 
  after that , remaining jews moved to israel . 
  it was a big loss for serbia as both germans and jews were educated , way more educated than the average serb . 
  after yugoslav wars , a lot of refugees from bosnia and croatia ( and some from kosovo but they 're mostly in central serbia ) settled in vojvodina , and they 're not very popular among the local population . 
  since 2010 . 
  ( iirc ) it became easy to obtain hungarian passport for ethnic hungarians , so they started leaving vojvodina en masse , mostly moving to hungary , austria and germany . 
  they 're all leaving , both young and old , and it 's becoming a huge issue , since schools are running out of children and some will be closed soon . 
  it seems that only people who 'll remain in vojvodina are serbs that have nowhere to go . 
  rakia is connecting people . 
  after 3 shots you start speaking serbian fluently . 
  this is correct . 
  damn , that 's a lot . 
  where do they mostly go ? 
  is the main reason for emigration unemployment or something else ? 
   before the economy collapses completely is the situation that bad ? 
  you forgot / s, 
  when kosovo was still part of yugoslavia , wahhabism was non-existent . 
  after nato aggression , yugoslav police and army together with the rest of the institutions had to withdraw from kosovo , and the vacuum was created . 
  wahhabis came because there was nobody to stop them . 
  they were free to indoctrinate local population . 
  many kosovar families are now practically `` selling '' their sons to go to jihad for not-too-significant amounts of money , since local economy is non-existent . 
  it is foolish to say that germany is an `` unwilling victim '' of wahhabi terrorism and can not be blamed for anything , as german air force took an active role in bombing of yugoslavia in order to pressure milo\u0161evi\u0107 to withdraw from kosovo . 
  and then sent ground forces with kfor in order to maintain the occupation of kosovo and make sure that `` evil yugoslavs '' do n't return . 
  as i said , you reap what you saw . 
  germany ( together with other nato countries ) bombed yugoslavia in 1999 , and then in 2008 recognized kosovo as an independent country . 
  sorry , but you reap what you saw . 
  yeah , swiss army is accidentally invading liechtenstein from time to time . 
   i 'm always genuinely puzzled how people manage to live on such low salaries , they 're just enough to survive but not to actively participate in society . 
  most people in eastern europe live like that . 
  being stuck living with parents even after 30 , doing dead-end jobs , not getting married because they ca n't even support themselves , let alone children . 
  some are extremely frustrated because of that situation , but on the other hand you have a bunch of guys who act like teenagers all their lives , drinking beer and playing playstation with their friends , not caring about anything . 
   because now voters with normal iq vote less . 
  and they are more likely to emigrate . 
  so people with low iq stay in the country and produce more people with low iq , who vote for politicians with low iq . 
  serbia is a colony since 5th october `` revolution '' . 
  we 're under occupation for 16 years and counting . 
  slobodan was the only barrier for the globalist tyranny and since he 's removed , globalist can do whatever they want here . 
  and yeah , it was serbs who sold slobodan and their nation . 
  serbia is a massive hostage situation . 
  attempted murder . 
  those guys are complete morons .
