  neets in serbia , since everyone 's at university until they are like 30 . 
  job prospects are shit so people do n't bother to rush with their studies . 
  [ belarus is a sovereign nation and nobody 's satellite . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarus%e2%80%93russia_relations#diplomatic_tension ), 
  he was murdered in 2006 before he got a fair trial . 
  there 's nothing bad about being a socialist . 
  lukashenko is the only true left wing politician remaining in europe . 
  those `` refugee welcome '' lgbtq so called `` lefties '' we see in western europe and us are nothing but disgrace for true left wing ideology . 
  unfortunately here in serbia we only have fake left wing and fake right wing eversince we sold our president for nothing but empty promises and broken dreams . 
  do n't make the mistake that we 've made . 
  your kids will never forgive you . 
  [ the true statesmen !, 
  keep dreaming . 
  it kinda worked for nazi germany , at least for some time . 
  ... when israeli rockets are not falling . 
  it is against geneva convention to make settlements in occupied territories and it is also illegal to annex those territories by force . 
  palestine can become israel only with referendum , like it happened with crimea . 
  israel annexed golan heights from syria with golan heights law , and un claims that law is not legitimate . 
  looks like nothing fits your agenda , so i will just leave this thread . 
  man this is insane . 
  and what 's the purpose of cnn ? 
   they should start by shutting off russia today in european cable networks and deporting all of their employees . 
  yes , we should shut down all news networks and just leave cnn . 
  hooray . 
  lol , good old / r/europe and its mass downvoting in order to push agenda despite obvious facts . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/kosovo_uranium_nato_bombing1999.png  unless you of course mean the du penetrators for tanks which have n't been used they were . 
  the_donald was created because basically every single subreddit became a safespace for hillary . 
   i agree that there are certain parallels with the end of yugoslavia and that is hard to really see with the eu what it is that binds the people together and really answer the question - what is the eu for ? 
  there were serious fights between leaders of republics in yugoslavia after tito 's death , but those differences were always put aside in order to keep the unity of federation . 
  nationalism was suppressed with police baton . 
  unity of yugoslavia was crucial because the treat of sovet invasion was always present and very realistic . 
  divided yugoslavia could never survive soviet invasion . 
  once soviet union collapsed , there was no longer security concern . 
  nationalism was not suppressed anymore and the federation collapsed . 
  same thing with eu , it just lost any purpose . 
  problem with eu is that it became too big and included a lot of poor countries . 
  rich always wanted to separate themselves from poor , and the rise of euroscepticism in western countries is nothing unusual . 
  i think that trump - putin alliance is very likely to happen . 
  sanctions against russia will just formally remain , but in practice they 'll cease to exist . 
  usa will stop funding rebels in syria , russia will gain much more influence in eastern europe , and balkans as well . 
  ukraine is fucked . 
  usa gets even more influence in western europe ( divide and rule ) . 
  russia constructs turkish stream . 
  i 'm unsure about natos future , it will probably still exist but will stop expanding , and member countries will have to allocate more funds , so usa will spend less . 
  it will be very interesting to see what will happen in future . 
   it will force real reform in eu in a way which would not have occurred had the uk voted remain . 
  either that , or serious infighting will happen and it will divide eu . 
  my former classmate predicts that by 2020 eu wo n't exist . 
  it might sound unrealistic , but again , i 'm sure that in 2012 it sounded unrealistic that millions of migrants will flood europe in 2015 and in 2016 uk will vote to leave eu and trump will become the president of usa . 
  in my opinion , strong eu does not benefit neither trump or putin . 
  it all depends on what will happen on elections this year in european countries . 
  eu lacks cohesion for a long time and things are n't improving . 
  it just reminds me too much of yugoslavia in ' 90 , when slovenia and croatia wanted either a weak confederation ( so their money does n't go anymore to less developed regions ) , or independence , while serbia pushed for more and more federalization . 
  we can see the same thing happening in eu , germany is trying to impose its will on other members , and as a result it triggers nationalism , just like it happened in yugoslavia . 
  of course , eu collapse wo n't result in a bloodshed , but more like the end of serbia and montenegro in 2006 . 
  world is changing , if trump - putin alliance happens , it will be the end of eu . 
  such alliance will benefit uk , but eu is fucked in a long run . 
  only time will tell . 
  they do n't really have a good reputation when it comes to paying for stuff they import . 
  build a wall to stop people from leaving . 
   they are supporting a `` every country on its own '' policy that can not work in the future . 
  it worked for yugoslavia . 
  yes because everyone who has a different opinion is a russian spy . 
  [ putin has a great sense of humor too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmgtpo2leoe ), 
   congratulations on your immigrants sex *, 
  it 's perfectly safe city ^ ^ as ^ ^ long ^ ^ as ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ wearing ^ ^ a ^ ^ bulletproof ^ ^ vest, 
   how ? 
  your women are so beautiful no hard feelings , but from my experience that 's is n't really the case . 
  1 in 10 is without any doubt super hot , but the rest are perfectly average . 
  those girls that you might have seen in porn movies are among top 10 % and do n't really represent the average hungarian girl . 
  i personally prefer slovakian women , although it 's considered a rare gem here nowadays ( outside of ba\u010dki petrovac ) . 
  kosovo serbs asked russian federation to issue them russian citizenship ( so they can become russian minority ) , but they got rejected unfortunately . 
  regardless , morale is always low when you fight someone else 's war . 
  see turkish army in syria . 
  they are deserting and selling their guns to isis en masse . 
  it 's more similar than you might think . 
  of course , uk was a developed country even before it entered eu , it 's foolish that people think they 're suddenly going to collapse when they leave it . 
  it 's always the rich country that wants to leave the union first , and poor countries are against it because they want to keep leeching . 
  slovenia was always the most developed republic in yugoslavia , and they kept on with their progress when they separated themselves from leechers . 
  rich always wanted to separate themselves from poor , it 's nothing unusual . 
   then move , you got a european pass , you can go and live/work anywhere . 
  but it 's easier to do nothing and complain . 
  international students are probably the best thing one country can have . 
  they 're paying their own tuition fees and can only stay if they start working and contributing , otherwise they 're going home . 
   itt : brits desperately trying to make it seem like its a good thing because it 's most likely a good thing . 
  when slovenia announced it 's leaving yugoslavia in 1991 , serbs started laughing how they 're all going to starve without yugoslavia and their economy will collapse . 
  26 years later , slovenia is the most progressive former yugoslav republic . 
  i 'm quite certain that uk will do just fine without eu . 
  also itt : people thinking that downvote button is disagree button, 
   why not ? 
  no money . 
   and why only wien ? 
  i really like software engineering study programme at tu wien , and tu wien is one of the major universities in vienna . 
  plus i love vienna and it 's not too far away from my home . 
  germany yes . 
  surprise anschluss . 
  i 'm dreaming about studying software engineering at tu wien but ai n't gon na happen . 
  dunno about polish politicians , but here in serbia our government does n't give a flying fuck about healthcare or health of their citizens . 
  our prime minister 's doctor lives in moscow . 
  who does n't .
