  if you have less than 5 % , then you get no seats . 
  aleksandar vu\u010di\u0107 is ready to do ** anything ** in order to get a majority in the parliament . 
  he 's obviously dissatisfied with the results of the elections , and now is trying to illegally push the opposition out of the parliament . 
  i wish i had some eu citizenship so i could move out of this shithole ... things are becoming unbearable . 
  belarus got massively fucked by chernobyl , too . 
  first rain after the explosion landed on their soil . 
  things were pushed under the carpet for a long , long time . 
  and i think that 's the case even today . 
  depends on how fast you can pedal . 
  i do n't think so . 
  nah , i was thinking more about kurzeme . 
  it 's better when it 's further away from the russian border . 
  i 'd much rather live in latvian woods than in riga , tbh . 
  damn , that photo totally reminded me of my old school . 
  our changing room was actually an old shower room , with showers removed and added benches . 
  when showers were removed , holes remained unpatched and you could watch girls changing room . 
  they 'd fill holes with paper and other stuff , but someone would always poke it out . 
  good times . 
  i wish there were more people like you , sir . 
  depending on local laws and where you live , the amount you have to pay monthly can be waaaay more than what your child really needs . 
  and there 's a complete lack of control how that money is being spent . 
  because you can get divorce raped even with a prenup . 
  in some countries it 's possible , in others it is n't . 
  somewhere it 's possible to get divorce raped from a common-law marriage , like here in serbia . 
  every rational male should do the research about it on time . 
  if you are entering marriage with no way of protecting 100 % of your assets , it 's like giving a loaded gun to a woman . 
  and if you think your thing is special and will last forever - you 're lying to yourself . 
  because men can never benefit from marriage in 21st century . 
  you will end up divorce raped and forced to pay child support . 
  just see the divorce rate . 
  also , if your country has common-law marriage , it 's an additional thing to worry about . 
  if you 're a guy , my advice is - do n't get married . 
  especially not in anglosphere . 
  are there old guys sexually harassing young girls ? 
  that shit is too common in belgrade . 
  politicians are the worst kind of criminals imho . 
  getting rich by stealing taxpayers ' money . 
  of course , they are just taking advantage of the system . 
  it worked before . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_afghan_hijackers_case, 
  damn . 
  that 's so cool . 
  what do portuguese feminists say about that law ? 
  here in serbia common-law marriages were introduced in 2005 . and in 2011 . they were made equal to traditional marriages . 
  problem is , common-law marriage is not well defined . 
  our law just says `` common-law marriage is a more lasting union of life of a woman and a man '' and `` common-law partners have the rights and duties of spouses under the conditions stipulated by this law . '', 
  so in case of a breakup , it 's up to you to prove if your relationship was a common-law marriage or not , but if you were living together with your partner for several years , then there 's pretty much no chance to prove that it was n't a common-law marriage . 
  huge downside of a common-law marriage is that there 's no prenup . 
  in case of traditional marriage , prenup is final and can not be discarded , your assets remains yours . 
  but in case of a common-law marriage , for example if you buy a car with your money , and both you and your common-law wife work and have income , after a breakup she will get 50 % of it , because the fact that she also has income is more than enough evidence that she invested in that common-law marriage equally . 
  all in all , it looks like that here in serbia a traditional marriage with prenup is a much better deal than a common-law marriage . 
  that sounds nice . 
  but what does your law say about de facto marriages ( too lazy to google out the accurate term ) ? 
  here our law made them the same as real marriages , and you can get divorce raped just because you 're in a relationship and living together for some time . 
  also , if your former de facto spouse has no other place to live , you can not kick her/him out of your house , and if he/she is unemployed you need to provide financial support . 
   like the serbs who committed genocide ? 
  war criminals have first and last names and should be prosecuted , their nationality should not matter , even though reality has shown that it does . 
  drugs dealers happily accept it , i guess it 's more than enough for some people . 
  ^ ^ ^ lol, 
  i can remember there were a lot of electricity restrictions here ( if that 's a correct expression ) during the 90s . 
  we had tons of candles , flashlights and batteries around the place just in case . 
  [ vuk karad\u017ei\u0107 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vuk_karad%c5%bei%c4%87 ) borrowed j from latin alphabet . 
  he was criticized for that , but eventually it remained like that . 
  it 's impossible to stop emigration without another iron curtain . 
  i would , only if i had eu passport . 
  i wish mine did the same . 
   also why not go to saudi arabia ? 
  because saudis never signed 1951 refugee convention , and their system does n't recognize the word `` refugee '' . 
  yup , i wish putin was in office in ' 99 . 
  if that will provide me eu passport , i 'm in . 
   idiots . 
  everyone knows that ukraine , bosnia and serbia are the places to go for black market weapons yup , plus now you can order that stuff from your armchair thanks to deep web . 
   if you want to stay inside of the eu just go to czech republic i remember reading that breivik attempted to buy a vz . 
  58 in czech republic but did n't make it , and was pissed off since he was reading online that it 's easy . 
   i have only one computer , and i don \u00b4 t want it to be infected by their bullshit malware . 
  that 's why you should start using any linux distro . 
  i switched from windows in 2010 . and i carelessly browse any site on the internet knowing i can not be infected . 
  in one eu country . 
  they can apply for asylum in any non-eu country , since they do n't have a shared database since non-eu countries are not part of the dublin . 
  well , they could have applied for asylum in macedonia . 
  it would give them some precious time to smuggle their way to serbia , apply for asylum there , and then go to hungary -  austria -  germany . 
  if caught by hungarian police and deported back to serbia , try again next day . 
  does the government in portugal have any plan how to stop the nation from disappearing ? 
  fyr macedonia . 
  no doubt about that . 
  why not ? 
  if i had eu passport , i 'd spend a weekend per year max on balkans . 
   if i was a jew there is literally no way i would be staying in europe . 
  * western europe . 
   i find it creepy to date a 22y old at 30 you should n't . 
  they 're good for having fun ( and by having fun i mean having sex ) . 
  or just marry an eea citizen , and divorce later . 
  just like everywhere on the planet . 
  imho . 
  only men get more smv as they get older . 
  wow . 
  that sucks . 
  stem needs quality people , not gender equality . 
  cyka, 
  which is most likely ripped from reddit .
