  what 's going on on the first photo ? 
  i think that people from baltics generally do n't know or do n't care about stuff happening on balkans . 
  same goes for balkans people when it comes to baltics , many do n't know the difference between latvia and lithuania . 
  it does n't exist anymore . 
  i 'm not sure when did they stop publishing it . 
  yeah , regular welfare is not unlimited and unconditional . 
  is n't canada importing a lot of refugees from the middle east , regardless of their competence ? 
  unless they offer us to build a base . 
  only death is a certain business . 
  looks like it will be discussed on wednesday whether hungary will stop accepting migrants from croatia , or make a corridor . 
  i hope that romania is getting ready for real , and that their system will last longer than croatian . 
  bosnian government said they 'll close borders if more than 5000 migrants enter the country . 
  seal the green border , not official checkpoints . 
  migrants are walking over corn fields , not legal entry points . 
  plus , it 's * racist *, 
  `` let 's start a civil war to make it more exciting '', 
  i wish i had eu passport . 
  i 'm surprised how these guys made it to turkey and ukraine , since visa is needed for both countries . 
  you can not put * refugees * and * illegal border crossing * in the same sentence . 
  also , statistics are racist . 
  i think that any kind of corridor would be harmful . 
  if you make it easy to reach germany , more and more migrants would come , and eventually there wo n't be room for them in germany . 
  it 's divided between 1 ) belgrade and 2 ) irelevant rest of the country, 
  pipe bombs ? 
  another columbine fanboy failed miserably . 
  geld is money in german, 
   also : the owners will receive rent for this . 
  sure , but i do n't think immigrants will take a good care of the place ( like german tenants would do ) . 
  especially when it 's free of charge . 
  who is going to pay the damage ? 
   they are risking their lives in the aegean sea it 's not really a huge risk . 
  their trip over sea is around 10 km . 
  if boat is n't overloaded , trip is safe . 
   critics say it is a cruel tradition in which the birds are prevented from breeding , directly threatening the species ' survival . 
  the affected species are the linnet , the greenfinch , the chaffinch , the serin , the goldfinch , the hawfinch and the siskin . 
  this is a complete nonsense . 
  none of those species are endangered , even remotely . 
  they are all classified as [ least concerned ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/least-concern_species ) . 
  birds adapt to life in the cage within weeks , some even start to sing even after several days . 
  and the song of trapped birds is incomparably better than those raised in captivity . 
  problem is deportation is slow . 
  35 people is just one drop in the sea of migrants , 4000 - 5000 arrive in greece every day . 
  a lot of them will be denied for asylum . 
  it will take decades to deport them . 
  our government banned all anti-immigration protests . 
  while pro-immigration are okay . 
  majority of people are against the idea of letting everyone entering and roaming freely around the country , but government censures it . 
   he seems certain that almost all of those in the camps are determined to head for the eu and that ** the refugees have convinced themselves they are welcome ** . 
  i wonder why ... 
  plus 2 million for serbia as a welcome gift from eu . 
   but i 'd think that most governments would prefer to have the ability to actually control who is running around with one of their passports . 
  not corrupted ones . 
  danube is blocking the passage to romania from bulgaria . 
  and gr-mk-rs borders are open for migrants . 
  someone should take milanovi\u0107 back to kindergarten . 
  europe has tricked us !, 
  [ where are those free swedish chicks ? 
  ] ( https://archive.is/hsd6e ), 
  it 's easier to reach romania via serbia , than bulgaria . 
  not sure if ukraine and poland would be happy to become transit countries for migrants . 
  do n't hate the player , hate the game . 
  it 's merkel who started all this refugees welcome nonsense . 
  we 've been dumping migrants on hungarian border for months , and they just forward it to merkel . 
  they 've never closed border crossings completely . 
  this is milanovi\u0107 's attempt to get votes . 
  it 's serbian cemetery in croatia . 
  also explains why they 're not intervening . 
  welcome to / r/europe, 
  zero respect for both migrants and serbs by croatian government . 
   putin said it 's the biggest mosque in europe * so far *, 
  well , in usa indigenous people were wiped out by boat immigrants ... guess who 's next . 
  it 's all merkel 's fault . 
  even though sweden announced in 2013 . that all syrians will receive permanent residence permit , real invasion started this year when merkel invited them , and they all pick germany rather than sweden . 
  most of them are . 
  many romanians , lithuanians , latvians , bulgarians , etc. 
  choose to live homeless in the west . 
  they 're either drug addicts , alcoholics , kicked out by parents or have a criminal record , so nobody will employ them . 
  everyone has a his own story . 
  [ christiania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freetown_christiania ) is one of the most popular places for them to live , because you can place a tent , smoke weed and drink alco without anyone disturbing you . 
  but big cities are also popular , where they can squat in abandoned buildings . 
  unfortunately most money they collect by begging is spent on smoke , alco or drugs . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  nobody will bother suing for a pack of cigarettes . 
  this just wo n't be enough , 160.000 migrants come to europe in 1 month . 
  they will not work , but rather beg and shoplift , squatting at various places etc. 
  there are thousands of people living like that in berlin alone . 
  shoplifting penalties are ridiculous , if caught you 're basically just `` banned '' from that store , but there is no way it can be enforced . 
  in serbia you get 0, 
  orban is right , there wo n't be any winter break . 
  migrants will keep rushing towards europe before the gate is closed . 
  nobody will risk and wait for summer next year , because situation may change . 
  poland should make it easier for ethnic poles to obtain citizenship , just like hungary did . 
   few thousand refugees * and counting *, 
   i 'm still convinced this whole migrant crisis is orchestrated by some outer power to break eu apart . 
  which might succeed . 
  saudi arabia and us ? 
  salty . 
   what are we supposed to feed them ? 
  i do n't think that even electric fences and mine fields will make them stay in croatia and eat macaroni every day . 
  yup , for 3 - 4 months now .
