  visit serbia instead , we 're much closer and cheaper . 
  eastern europe : corruption ( as usual ) , aging population , huge lack of skilled workforce ( especially doctors and nurses that should take care of old people ) , unsustainable state pension system . 
  future does n't seem very bright . 
  it 's not really a gigantic number . 
  even though balkans route is considered closed , smugglers are still very active , and are dumping migrants everywhere along hungarian fence every day . 
  do n't forget that there are thousands of migrants still trapped in greece , and many of them are trying to smuggle their way into western eu . 
  b92 is tv station with national frequency and is actually quite reliable . 
  i guess there might be censorship about this kind of stuff in hungarian media so it 's not reported . 
  anyway , hungary is actively returning rejected asylum seekers to serbia , through the fence , which is illegal and not according to readmission agreement that serbia signed with eu . 
  rejected asylum seekers are supposed to be returned via official border crossing ( usually in buses ) and serbia has to agree to accept them ( and is obligated to accept them according to readmission agreement ) . 
  the fact that hungary is placing asylum seekers into transit zones is legal , as it 's hungarian soil and their right to seek asylum is granted , but 99 % of requests are rejected and people are literally kicked back to serbia . 
   like half of their economy is gray market and the other half is money from gastarbeiters . 
  bosniaks have bigger fertility rate than other ethnic groups in bosnia and herzegovina . 
   i would imagine that serbs and croats would immigrate to serbia and croatia where there are more opportunities at a high rate . 
  croats from herzegovina are actively acquiring croatian citizenship , but usually do n't migrate to croatia , but to western europe . 
  i do n't have much info about bosnian serbs migrating to serbia nowadays , though a lot of them came as refugees during the 90 's and many did n't return once war in bosnia was over . 
  bosnian serbs can study at universities in serbia free of charge , and they usually study technical sciences and medicine as they give the best chance to get a job in eu . 
  situation in iraq is actively improving though , isis is controlling only a tiny part of the country now . 
  and there are no other terrorist factions in iraq , unlike syria . 
  that country is still a mess and who knows when will the war end . 
  well , suicide bombings happen everywhere - in europe as well . 
  who is seeking asylum in spain ? 
  i do n't think this planet will still be in one piece in 100 years . 
  you could be your own security guard if government would allow you to carry a weapon , though . 
  isis is known for taking amphetamines that make them fearless . 
  combine that with wahhabi indoctrination that you go to heaven and get virgins if you kill infidels , and you get an army of suicide bombers ready to blow themselves up anytime . 
  we should have built one long ago on albanian border . 
  i 've heard in news that he 's a refugee from bosnia or croatia , and his family members participated in armed conflicts during 90s . 
  they brought that ak-47 with them when they came to serbia , plus some more weapons that police later found in his house . 
  serbian language adopted too many loanwords . 
  bulgarian language still has many words that were used in serbian in the past ( \u0441\u0442\u0443\u0434\u0435\u043d\u043e for example ) , but are now considered archaic . 
  however , they are still used in everyday language in southern serbia . 
  you could communicate there with not many difficulties , while people in subotica for example would look at you like you came from another planet . 
  dunno , polish is still wtf to me . 
  slovakian is somewhat understandable , czech quite less . 
   this is why we need a eu army . 
  it would fell apart as soon as the first conflict would emerge . 
   if you attack them , it would mean attack on nato and start of world war 3 nato ( usa ) wo n't start war with russian federation over baltic states or any other eastern european country . 
  nato only starts wars with countries incapable of defending themselves . 
  also it 's just needless paranoia that putin wants to invade baltic , there 's no benefit of doing so . 
  they can seek asylum in russia . 
  basically kosovo 2.0, 
  `` let us protect brotherhood and unity like the pupil of our eye '' , remember ? 
  because stupid people are loudest in every group . 
  but every ending is a new beginning . 
  yeah , i think that circumstances are definitely more like when montenegro voted to leave state union of serbia and montenegro . 
  they had to reapply for memberships in all international organizations , while serbia did n't as it was legal successor of state union . 
  when sfr yugoslavia fell apart , each country had to apply again for membership in international organizations , even though sfr yugoslavia was already member of those organizations . 
  will independent scotland have to apply for eu membership and go through the entire procedure ? 
  2012 aurora shooting copycat ? 
  everyone in syria is buying oil from isis , including assad , so it 's not really something surprising . 
  i do n't think so , migrants do it by themselves as soon as they see someone approaching . 
  i 'm curious what are they teaching kids in history classes . 
   moscow denied allegations its aerospace forces have used cluster bombs in the fight against terrorism in syria , kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said monday http://i.imgur.com/0f2fi55.png, 
   because most there are supportive of russia and the syrian government except usa/ca moderators who are obviously opposition fanboys . 
  you should definitely start following syrian civil war . 
  too bad ukraine did n't play smart like belarus did . 
  maybe they should stop voting for erdogan 's party . 
  i 've heard about it , but now it 's impossible to tell if it is true or not , as milosevic is dead . 
  but i would n't be surprised if it is true , milosevic was a stubborn person and did n't really believe nato will invade yugoslavia . 
  he had chance to buy firearms and military equipment from 1995 to 1997 as embargo was lifted , but he did n't use that chance . 
  nato does not invade countries that are capable of defending themselves . 
  if they estimate they would have more than 6 % of losses , they never attack . 
  things would most likely been different if putin was president of russian federation back them , but there 's no point guessing now what-ifs . 
  article on that website is pretty accurate . 
  you can always read the [ wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kosovo_war ) if you do n't believe how little damage nato air strikes did to yugoslav army . 
   i fail to see what the addition of a new toy would have done for yugoslavia . 
  nato had complete control of yugoslav airspace , as yugoslav army only had some outdated aa systems . 
  s-300 would provide protection from air strikes . 
   kosovo remains currently not serbia , and the stronk serb army was unable to prevent that . 
  kosovo war was ended with [ kumanovo agreement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kumanovo_agreement ) and [ resolution 1244 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1244 ) was adopted one day later . 
  kumanovo agreement ** was not ** capitulation . 
  according to 1244 resolution , kosovo remains part of fr yugoslavia until un determinate its future status . 
  kosovo independence is against the law , and kosovo can never become un member as long as 1244 resolution is in power , which says that kosovo is autonomous province of fr yugoslavia , and not an independent country . 
  lol , you should definitely read [ this ] ( http://iacenter.org/warcrime/19_army.htm ) first . 
  yugoslav army in kosovo was almost intact even after 78 days of bombing . 
  nato bombs were only hitting decoys in kosovo , civilian targets across central serbia and chinese embassy . 
  attempt of ground invasion of nato & kla ended up in a [ complete failure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_ko%c5%a1are ) . 
  if yugoslav army had aa defense system , fr yugoslavia would still exist today and would probably be a country like belarus . 
  it was massacre , not genocide . 
  only men were killed , women and children were spared . 
  that does not fit into definition of genocide . 
   serbians committed genocide name one . 
  you need a wall to stop defectors . 
  broz before hos . 
   well , ukraine is not in nato , sending troops in a sovereign country without its permission is breaking international rules . 
  nato did n't mind invading fr yugoslavia in 1999 . on its own accord , without un approval . 
  too bad yugoslav armed forces did n't have [ one of these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b1fvzwi.jpg ) , we would talk a different story today . 
  here 's our bicycle road in belgrade . 
  http://i.imgur.com/v4m1bh5.jpg [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/9-ou8ep5plc?t=21 ), 
  in 1999 . their embassy in belgrade was hit by us airstrike , which pissed them off quite a lot . 
  they also offered our government to veto un resolution 1244 . 
  actually majority of syrians in europe are from rebel-controlled areas and are fleeing from syrian regime and russian airstrikes . 
  we already have deep web . 
  our government is reducing co2 emission by shutting down factories and firing people . 
  well , persecution of germans occurred after ww2 and was done by the communist regime . 
  serbia in this form does n't have any connection with those events . 
  got ta rescue brotherhood and unity . 
  serbia is also very friendly towards minorities . 
  official languages of vojvodina autonomous province are serbian , hungarian , slovak , romanian , croatian and rusyn .
