this is a game changer . 
  but there is no cliff . 
  the people in it were lied to that there is . 
  so you 're rich ? 
  the exact same shit as trump . 
  it 's absurd . 
  well , we do have esa . . 
  not much unknown about it . 
  vote to leave the uk and join the eu again , that 's what you can do . 
  poor baby may does n't like when someone gives her a taste of her own medicine . 
  poland is not pis . 
  i love this woman . 
  dumb , old , religious people . 
  at this moment it 's basically a propaganda tube . 
  so not credible at all . 
  it 's actually shocking what stuff they show there . 
  before out current government it was a pretty decent , not the greatest but still . 
  they were n't thinking . 
  they are complete idiots . 
  `` started a debate '' aka `` everyone is laughing at us '' . 
  that is so embarrassing for the government it 's insane . 
  they are complete idiots . 
  absolute complete morons . 
  you completely missed the reference . 
  hahaha i love this . 
  one thing we 've learned about dictators from history is that they are never `` never leaving '' . 
  i very stupidly misspelled my original comment . 
  the weirdest thing is that anti-semitism is still strong here in poland . 
  like they are not stupid now . 
  they really would . 
  castles were mostly build with function in mind , churches however we 're designed with spirituality in mind . 
  once they figured out how to make sharp arches they started to make churches us high and elongated as they could , making them `` reach the heavens '' . 
  very high ceilings were made to resemble the sky from the inside and the whole inside was heavily decorated . 
  gothic churches also has huge windows everywhere , because they did n't need to serve a military purpose anymore . 
  you would n't have all these things if people needed just castles and watch towers . 
  there should be basket , like in that bond movie . 
  monstrous beer bellies that is . 
  maybe london is making up from the rest of the country , cause it 's fuckin huge . 
  that 's a really dumb thing to say . 
  he 's a complete joke here in poland . 
  he got elected just because he has an ability to manipulate young , stupid men + sheer stupid luck + ignorance of the majority of the population . 
  against roma people yeah . 
  in general there is a lot of casual racism here because we never really had that much diversity . 
  everyone was always white in poland . 
  now it 's slowly changing and people know better . 
  older people not so much though . 
  ai n't that the truth . 
  ha i feel so smart now for having studied some greek ( ancient though ) for my exams . 
  but that is not a problem . 
  if you want you can go to a private clinic and pay . 
  and they launch satellites there too . 
  haha i would never guess people had it outside poland . 
  poland knows what it 's taking about . 
  i remember the crazy parodies people made with this show and a voice synthesizer in poland . 
  buka !, 
  my god i literally learned to read with these books . 
  in poland too . 
  polish dub was so good too . 
  so many classic jokes in that one . 
  all of the movies had amazing dubbing . 
  poland here !, 
  everyone here loves asterix & obelix . 
  comics , cartoons , love action films and animated films , we love it all . 
  politically yeah . 
  but our current government won the elections by making people believe that the country is in ruin ... 
  but they are . 
  they have new roads , new jobs , new trains , new entertainment , new homes , new businesses , new stores , grants , freedom of movement , freedom to work anywhere in the eu etc. 
  they lied . 
  i am polish and have never heard of this . 
  i am ashamed of my country . 
  are you also a teenager living with your mother ? 
  can you explain to me what is the basis of such opinions ? 
  do you have any evidence ? 
  that 's why we need proper integration , not bans . 
  you 're gon na ruin it for yourself . 
  sounds like the current government of poland . 
  and they 've already started . 
  the polish words comes from an old ukrainian and belarusian word meaning a really horribly freezing cold . 
  as a person learning latin right now , i hope it will be useful at least in one place on earth . 
  the cloud filter is just a noise algorithm . 
  you can make insane stuff with it . 
  no they did n't . 
  30 % of 50 % of the population voted for them . 
  and you ca n't vote `` for him '' . 
  he 's not a president , he 's not even a prime minister . 
  and yet he is both those things . 
  do you even know what propaganda is ? 
  that 's very much were it is going right now . 
  i do n't know what can we really do right now . . 
  i do n't think russia wants to necessarily invade europe . 
  they definitely would love to take ukraine but they wo n't go further west . 
  they want to influence europe and break it apart from the inside . 
  here in poland it seems to be -100 . 
  europe is pretty indifferent about china . 
  the only thing we really do n't like is communism . 
  apart from that we just joke that everything is made in china . 
  a lot of chinese tourists here too . 
  boy , does he give us poles a headache . 
  democracy is on it 's knees in our country . 
  not all electors are legally bound to vote like that .
