  the country is still a shit hole politically at the moment though . 
  most of these people have never seen a person of another skin colour in their life . 
  apart from that poland never took in that many refugees . 
  no , that 's not it . 
  eu is not a `` superstate forming over our borders '' . 
  here in poland we can see with our own eyes how much of a positive change eu brought , but some people still hate it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  i do n't know , i heard that pope francis is not their pope . 
  fucking poland shafted again . 
  it should have been the vatican 's flag on that map . 
  in poland that amount of data would probably cost you the equivalent of a 100 $ . 
  maybe more . 
  how much time do they have to form a coalition ? 
  `` newspapers '', 
  yeah . . 
  not until the current piece of shit government looses power and it 's not looking good for now . 
  what do you think ? 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the holocaust is fake news !, 
  the goal of terrorism is always political destabilisation . 
  closing borders and deportation makes the islamic state stronger . 
  they do n't want people to leave . 
  the goal of terrorism is political destabilisation . 
  it has always been . 
  i recommend reading some history books . 
  you 're really clueless . 
  terrorism has been a thing for millennia , and religion has got nothing to do with it . 
  the goal of terrorism was always political destabilisation . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening right now . 
  religion is just a tool in this case . 
  and children of men . 
  brits would totally allow for this to happen ( and they will ) . 
  of course they are . 
  why do you think we had two of them so close to the election ? 
  you forget that we do n't pay for health care , ridiculous amounts of fuel , etc. 
  on top of that europe is not one country , it all depends where you live . 
  if you live in poland , you might make 5 times less as a software engineer but living costs are really low too . 
  the thing is that this really is nothing . 
  3 motherfuckers decided one day that they 're gon na mow some people down with a car . 
  7 people died . 
  they did n't even have access to guns , nothing . 
  the best they could do was knives . 
  remember what happened in madrid in 2004 ? 
  everyone seems to have forgotten what real terrorism looks like . 
  today 's attack did mainly one thing - gave conservative politicians more leverage in the elections ( that are just coming up . 
  you think think that 's a coincidence ? 
  the election is just around the corner . 
  1500 now . 
  7 serious . 
  1500 people injured vs 40 in london . 
  but good thing it was false alarm ... 
  when i met her , her dad was n't president and i had no idea that he was even a politician . 
  she was insufferable then . 
  one of these people that just loves to boss other people around and thinks they are always bosses in every room they enter . 
  she loves being the centre of attention . 
  she also smokes sooo much . 
  now , i just kinda feel bad for her . 
  her dad is n't on track to be remembered favourably in history , the tabloid press is giving her a hard time . 
  she kinda lost her old life a bit when her dad became president . 
  what motif ? 
  this hurts . 
  okay , not `` hundreds '' but `` more than a hundred '' . 
  detailed records are kept since 1850 or so . 
  i know her in real life . 
  one of the most unlikeable people i have ever met . 
  he 's a fucking joke not a president . 
  because duda is so presidential . 
  komorowski is a respective politician that actually achieved something in life and for the country prior to being a president . 
  but he still makes us look like idiots . 
  a president is supposed to be someone who achieved something great in life and for the country . 
  he is supposed to be respectable . 
  this guy is noone . 
  this guy is an embarrassment . 
  i 'm so sorry everyone . 
  because these motherfuckers are crazy . 
  of course we do . 
  there has been records made for hundreds of years and we see clear changes when the industrial revolution happened , when we started massively ejecting co2 into the atmosphere . 
  the data is clear and these changes happened so fast since then , it would not be possible without us . 
  i think many of them were convinced that he 's gon na lift the visas for poles . 
  that 's a good joke . 
  people are laughing at the us now , they did n't before . 
  back from being a respectable country . 
  the things these people make themselves believe are unbelievable . 
  we call it central because `` eastern '' means poor and depressing . 
  we 're not really that anymore , that 's why we try to distance ourselves from `` the east '' and russia . 
  it 's a mentality thing and it was caused by the communism . 
  i 'm sure in different times we would be proud to call ourselves `` eastern '' . 
  because this sort of shit makes people afraid of being themselves . 
  and other people ( not you ) elevate this to violence . 
  i get it , i 'm polish , our people are exactly the same . 
  the communism did this to us ( which you can clearly see on this map ) . 
  i 'm not trying to win anything , i 'm just telling you what people here call this area . 
  what should men act like according to you ? 
  because discriminating another person based on what they were and how they talk sure is n't manly . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  there is no one way `` a man '' or `` a woman '' should act . 
  people can act however they like , as long as they are not hurting anyone else . 
  your actions however - they do hurt . 
  you should think about that . 
  why do mannerisms and clothing bother you ?
