  nothing like what they want to do . 
  this is just a play . 
  pis can easily get the 3/5 of the parliament with another party `` kukiz '' . 
  and that 's only one of the bills . 
  there are 2 more that the president needs to veto to stop this madness . 
  the outrage was never about them having majority in the parliament , it was about politicising the court system . 
  potato . 
  i saw it in a cartoon so it must be possible . 
  they never said anything like that . 
  no-one encourages people to act in defense , only to protest - which is a right of every citizen . 
  pis barricaded the parliament with barriers and police , in numbers we have n't seen . 
  they 're afraid of their own people . 
  and people are n't protesting because some politician told them too , they 're protesting because they care . 
  considering they did this deliberately to not allow the supreme court and the judiciary council to present their opinion , yes . 
  the supreme court was created in 1917 . 
  the candidates for judges were selected by the existing judges of the court , and appointed by the president . 
  now the minister of justice will select the candidates . 
  tell me that does n't politicize the court . 
  the supreme court will essentially become a department of the ministry of justice , which is outrageous and destroys the separation of powers . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  they were not political . 
  this makes the courts political . 
  it 's unprecedented in a democratic european country . 
  it also breaks the constitution and that 's not even a debate , it 's an objective fact . 
  it 's not for the better . 
  it gives the government power over the judiciary system . 
  it 's essentially destroys the democracy in poland . 
  it ends the separation of powers . 
  this whole thing was constructed in secret , no expert judges were even consulted about it . 
  they even changed the parliament meeting date in the last minute so that the judiciary council could n't do anything about it . 
  what 's also important to add is the current minister is a total psychopath and a zealot . 
  he was actually convicted but was pardoned by the current president . 
  russian agenda in europe right now is breaking up the eu . 
  they succeeded with brexit and they will succeed with poland too . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is doing everything to bring poland out of the eu . 
  obviously not openly pro-russian . 
  everything pis does seem to go along with the russian agenda though . 
  it 's probably not their goal , but that 's what 's happening . 
  on top of that there definitely are some russian agents in there . 
  it is weird . 
  they hate russia , but seem to be doing everything according to the russian agenda . 
  at least macierewicz definitely is colluding with russians in some extent , but i 'm not sure about the rest . 
  it 's a lie . 
  yeah , it is , because it means that pis will be able to do whatever the hell they want and no-one will be able to stop them , not even elections . 
  yeah , there are protests all the time . 
  there is a huge protest planned for tomorrow . 
  but there is only so much a protest can do . 
  also , it 's only a matter of time before protests are gon na be made illegal . 
  democracy means that we choose our government , but it also means that we can hold the government accountable for it 's actions . 
  that 's what the constitutional tribunal and the highest court are for . 
  both now dismantled by our government . 
  i 'm not saying the court system is perfect , of course it is n't . 
  this however , is just pis taking absolute power under the pretext of fixing the courts . 
  there is nothing more to see , these changes are clearly unconstitutional . 
  the constitutional tribunal has been paralyzed by pis already some time ago . 
  that 's just such bullshit . 
  i can not believe people are actually defending pis for this . 
  one person can never have total control over every aspect of the country . 
  that 's just not how democracy works . 
  not te mention this whole thing is breaking our constitution , but apparently no-one cares about it anymore . 
  according to pis it 's just a `` piece of paper '' . 
  not only that , but these changes are clearly unconstitutional . 
  this marks the end of democracy here in poland . 
  it 's only been 28 years . 
  for pis they certainly are . 
  we ca n't now . 
  the opposition is in disarray but , even if it was n't , with these changes to the courts pis will be able to stay in power forever . 
  even if they loose the elections they will be able to just nullify it . 
  the only way is by force now , but that introduces another problems . 
  well he can talk , but he ca n't say much . 
  you do n't want to know . 
  this is totally not a helpful thing to say . 
  this whole thing is a messed up situation , it 's not as easy to say `` these people are stupid , they should be greatful '' . 
  this stuff happens when you pack a huge amount of people that you do n't know what to do with into a tiny space . 
  you ca n't turn them back because that 's a death sentence , you ca n't relocate them somewhere else because that 's crazy hard and complicated . 
  then of course violence breaks out , because that 's what happens always ( it would happen with you too , i assure you ) . 
  it 's a complex situation , you ca n't reduce it to what you said . 
  yeah . 
  in polish we call it `` wychodek '' from the word `` wychodzi\u0107 '' , which means `` to walk out '' . 
  what the hell, 
  it 's closet not center . 
  and the hole is n't filled with water either . 
  i 'm just worried about the rain of spiders that would come from it . 
  oh , that 's so wonderful !, 
  it 's a fucking g20 summit , there cameras literally everywhere . 
  i wonder if it 's really like in house of cards . 
  not if it 's made of plastic . 
  that 's hilarious, 
  have you ever seen polish communist propaganda films and tv series ? 
  they portray the soviet union as liberators and massive friends to poland . 
  i live in poland and have never seen this . 
  you 're not even mentioning that these polish workers also get fucked over . 
  there are pretty clear connections . 
  the philosophy of right wing supporters . 
  you live in nilfgaard ? 
  i mean , everything . 
  the country turned from a grey , miserable dump into a modern european country . 
  new roads , public transport ( new train stations , new fast trains , modern hybrid busses in cities and modern trams ) , renovations of old buildings and landmarks , operas , theatres , museums , parks , shopping centres , expo centres , conference centres , fibre internet everywhere , thousands of new businesses , etc , etc. 
  everything build or renovated with eu money has a little plaque on it with an eu flag . 
  you see them everywhere .
