  it only applies to certain states . 
  you clearly do n't know anything about the eu if you think it only cares about germany and france . 
  what do you mean was n't ever voted in indirectly ? 
  we vote for our country leaders , they vote for the `` president '' . 
  first of all , the european union council is something different . 
  tusk is a leader of the european council . 
  i voted for his party in poland when he was the prime minister . 
  other people , from other eu countries , voted for their own leaders , who then voted for tusk . 
  in the us you do n't even vote for your president , the electors do . 
  and apparently , your vote does n't even matter if you do n't live in a small , backwater state . 
  yeah , but know he has all the power in poland and controls information in whatever way he wants . 
  yes , in fact i did . 
  you do n't understand the russian mentality . 
  russia believes ( the leaders , obviously not all people ) that they are culturally superior to the rest of the world , and that the entire planet should adopt it . 
  russia has never really been a democracy in a way we know it . 
  the west is vilified in the national propaganda , they make their citizens hate us . 
  kremlin is letting it 's citizens starve while they 're living in houses made of gold . 
  the country is basically ruled by extremely rich criminals . 
  their plan is to pacify the us , which is the biggest threat for them . 
  first they will come for ukraine ( this has already been happening for some time ) . 
  they believe it 's their land . 
  they ca n't really invade europe but they can break it apart from the inside ( brexit ) . 
  then they can influence it . 
  i recommend giving this a read : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics now , unfortunately for russia , they are forgetting about one very important thing . 
  they have nothing the rest of the world would ever want . 
  the only thing they really have is fossil fuel . 
  when that is not needed anymore they will crumble like a house of cards . 
  and this man is vilified by the current fucking polish government ... 
  they make him out to be literally satan himself in their propaganda . 
  i was wondering about this . 
  i just had an ancient greek exam today . . 
  i learned it as `` my '' but i 'm polish and the `` y '' sound is the same in our language . 
  you mean the ryanair logo . 
  i do n't think you know what `` ancient '' means . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  well that 's how politics work . 
  you think the other guys actually care about `` protecting their citizens '' from `` terrorists '' ? 
  they are just using very simple fear tactics to gain power . 
  because they do n't care . 
  yeah , but that 's only the crappiest cheese you can buy in the supermarket . 
  you can buy high quality cheeses here no problem . 
  i do n't know , it 's just really annoying when i suddenly ca n't understand math terms in english . 
  they do n't teach them in schools at all so people are n't usually exposed to them . 
  in polish we also translate most of the terms and it 's the worst thing ever , because you have to relearn everything in english later . 
  we call it ananas in polish too . 
  frugo 's not a soft drink . 
  it 's a juice mix . 
  they shown the prime minister speech first , which is incredibly disrespectful towards the office of the president . 
  so i guess members of pis literally saying to journalists `` we will come for you '' is just meaningless . 
  the same stuff happened in turkey , this is not any fear-mongering . 
  that wo n't matter when they have full control of the courts . 
  look at what happened in turkey . 
  i have n't had a tv for like 6 years now and it 's great . 
  pis might want to restrict access to private media or try to disband it completely . 
  conjecture or not , these bills passing would make that possible , and no government should ever have that kind of power . 
  they will have it rewritten , more quietly and carefully . 
  they will get less protests ( hopefully not ) and then the president will sign it gladly . 
  on top of that , these changes were composed of three bills . 
  the president will veto only two of them . 
  that 's what the propaganda in the state media is saying . 
  this sounds like fucking helm 's deep . 
  this is far from over . 
  pis is gon na try to push these bills through again , in a slightly changed form and more quietly . 
  they 're gon na have less protests and then the president will sign them . 
  on top of that , these changes were composed of 3 bills . 
  the president will only veto 2 of them . 
  the separation of powers is a foundation of a free democracy . 
  the government ( no matter which political views they hold ) trying to abolish it is objectively wrong and not to mention unconstitutional . 
  any government trying to make these sort of changes is doing so only to illegally grab more power , no matter any pretexts they might present . 
  `` decide '', 
  this time there is actual evidence , not just blabbery . 
  they mean main square in krak\u00f3w . 
  that 's the famous one . 
  the `` justice reform '' is composed of three bills . 
  he refused to sign one of them if a change is n't made , but that change does n't really matter because it does n't fix anything . 
  it 's still unconstitutional . 
  he would need to veto all three to completely stop it , but he wo n't ( unless a miracle happens ) . 
  the changes have n't been signed by the president yet , so of course it 's only talk right now . 
  this is not a letter , article 7 is an actual procedure . 
  they should get even more barriers in front of the parliament and even more water canons because we the people will come for them . 
  please do n't equate pis with poles . 
  they are acting along the interest of kaczy\u0144ski . 
  that 's all that matters for them . 
  he surrounded himself with unqualified people who would be nobodies of it were n't for him , so they follow him blindly . 
  and what 's his motivation ? 
  hate and vengeance . 
  he does n't give a fuck about the interest of the country . 
  even the president is a puppet and he will do nothing . 
  which is a shame since vetoing these changes could be an event that redeems him in history . 
  ( there also is a couple of opportunists in there who just want to get rich ) . 
  russia and ukraine are not in the eu . 
  first of all , what they are doing is against the constitution and against the very idea of the separation of powers ( which is a foundation of democracy and the eu ) . 
  were n't these 3/5 their idea ? 
  unless pis takes us out of the eu . 
  he is literally a person that hates everyone who is even slightly better at something than him . 
  he 's a vindictive little bastard . 
  he definitely does n't have a right to illegally step on the podium and spew unfounded accusations and threats . 
  they are worse . 
  i have never seen this level of propaganda with my own eyes . 
  i could not believe what i was seeing the first time i saw it .
