it looks like modern-day ostrava . 
  the other 55 % support putin . 
  it actually showed cops exercising restraint . 
  they were outnumbered and being taunted by the crowd . 
  they are humans after all . 
  if this was the us it would have gone badly . 
  if this was eastern europe it would have gone very badly . 
  i just had a nutella donut from a baked goods truck parked on the side of a rural road in the czech republic . 
  it is better than any donut i have had in the us , including a krispy kreme fresh off the line . 
  sir , kurwa . 
  the enemy , kurwa , they are approaching kurwa !, 
  got room for one more red , white , and blue ? 
  * are supposed to pay, 
  the sign would have been better-made if she had help from her brother . 
  but he moved to england for a better life . 
  nothing about this post is nsfl . 
  i think on a macro level that feeling is shared on both sides . 
  but i did not feel welcome at all while i was there . 
  the women were all super nice though . 
  korean-american living part-time in cz . 
  no , surprisingly , it is the only place where i have n't experienced racism . 
  a polish guy living there said i had a small dick , though . 
  but i did n't even show it to him . 
  when i visited turkey ( i 'm korean ) i experienced so much blatant racism and hostility by the men in istanbul . 
  i doubt they 'll give two shits upon realization of their mistake . 
  switzerland is so expensive the guy taking the survey passed out . 
  the idea plays well with germans angered by having to pay highway tolls when they visit nearby austria , switzerland and other european countries while foreign motorists traverse germany for free . 
  `` austria continues to consider the german move contrary to eu law and has sought legal advice on this , '' a spokeswoman for its transport minister , alois stoeger , told afp . 
  ... can somebody explain austria 's position ? 
  i helped !, 
  why not just embed with the troops instead of falling from the sky ? 
  carbon monoxide poisoning ? 
  jesus , is anything legal in germany ? 
  other than prostitution ? 
  that 's probably because you 're flying from/to uk . 
  there is no passport check for flights in schengen zone . 
  hell , they dont even check your id . 
  have you ever seen an asian before ? 
  if you asked asians to describe one physical feature of white people , `` big nose '' would be a common response . 
  small nose ? 
  a collective `` kurwa '' of relief could be heard . 
  `` being welcomed '', 
  checked the comments to see if this source was some sort of jewish the onion . 
  woosh . 
  should she have replied that in english ? '', 
  hi thanks for your question but i 'm sorry i ca n't answer as my english is limited . 
  however i dont feel that my english ability is necessary to the position for which i am running . 
  thank you . '', 
  no i mean before . 
  because this interview seems to have the objective of embarrassing her english ability . 
  did this candidate claim that she was fluent in english ? 
  is she running for a foreign affairs position ? 
  a frenchman refusing to speak english ? 
  that 's insane . 
  why do you people think muslims are insulted by pigs or can get warded off by pigs like garlic to vampires ? 
  they just do n't eat 'em is all . 
  `` in 2015 , denmark decided to delete its registry of circumcised individuals . '', 
  wtf ?? 
  and also , did n't germany kind of have a similar list once ? 
  why are we asking the dalai lama ? 
  we need to be asking ja rule to make sense of all this . 
  this is a polish intercom . 
  100 % green energy . 
  meet me by the water . 
  all the villagers agreed that they would build 5 windows each so they could have a city with 1000 windows . 
  they were foolish to believe that g\u00ebzim the vain would restrain himself from trying to one-up his fellow villagers . 
  when they discovered 6 windows on g\u00ebzim 's cliffside home , the villagers erupted with rage . 
  they dragged g\u00ebzim from his home , as his wife and children pleaded for mercy . 
  they tied him with weights and threw him in the water . 
  the same fate was promised to his remaining family members should they reveal to anyone outside the village what their father had done . 
  berat became known as the city with 1000 windows and a tourist attraction . 
  eventually , g\u00ebzim 's sons came of age . 
  vowing to honor the memory of their father , they wrote a scathing open letter to the villagers , published around the region , which accused them of treachery , debauchery , and even forcible bovine sodomy . 
  but the last sentence in the letter was the bombshell . 
  berat had 1001 windows , and tourists were being deceived . 
  as promised , the the angry villagers went to the homes of g\u00ebzim 's sons to exact their revenge , but they were too late . 
  the sons had taken their own lives ... by following their father into the cold water with weights around their necks , content in knowing that their father 's memory would live on and berat 's tourism industry was shattered . 
  but things did not turn out as expected . 
  tourists and fensterphiles began to flood the city to search for the mystery window . 
  berat had found more success as a city with 1001 windows . 
  g\u00ebzim had been a visionary , and his sons the catalyst of his vision . 
  visitors today can visit the city center of berat where they will find a statue of g\u00ebzim the vain wearing his signature bedazzled jean jacket . 
  this is utter bullshit . 
  germany should be q4 . 
  korea japan should be q1 . 
  us should be deep q2 . 
  this is a photography trick . 
  wuppertal is not that pretty . 
  france is patient zero . 
  at that point , you could just say `` a city in germany '' . 
  why not just fight to death ? 
  i mean , you do n't have to surrender ... 
  dude loves his chairs, 
  baltimore represent !!!!, 
  when there is a wanted suspect it is not at all unreasonable or uncommon for government agencies in most nations to disseminate information about the suspect . 
  ever hear of a most wanted list ? 
  that is completely different than a witch hunt . 
  you think redditors accusing random people of being killers is the same as police withholding the identity of a known suspect who has killed ? 
  some would argue the interest of public safety outweigh the interest of personal privacy in this case . 
  help us find this dangerous killer !,
