i 'd just like to visit europe . 
  i would love to visit bulgaria . 
  but plane tickets are expensive , man . 
  greeks and germans must not be on good terms or some shit . 
   some americans would barely fit in there . 
  hey ... i did n't wan na cry today . 
  if bernie does n't make the nomination , i 'd love to see trump select bernie as his running mate , it would be the biggest mind fuck and a giant middle finger to the establishment . 
  same with sanders . 
  tried reading the article but my swedish is rather limited , so , here 's [ the guardian . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/17/explosion-damages-turkish-cultural-association-building-in-stockholm ), 
  money is fuel units, 
  they 're mythical beasts , i think they 'll manage . 
  they 'll just take a note from the mexicans and build a tunnel . 
  why would they bomb a peace rally in ankara though ? 
   this was a very large bombing killing hundreds . 
  well , to be more accurate , that bombing killed 33 . 
  the ankara one did kill 102 though : /, 
  * muh rights . 
  do n't tread on muh . 
  i mean , i 'm agnostic , so i usually just leave it at thoughts . 
  i feel for the dutch . 
  you have my thoughts . 
  that 's -2.2 fahrenheit for any other americans here . 
  jeez . 
  that 's awful . 
  i know people like to pretend that it must have been awesome living in the 1910 's and 1920 's for the music and art and shit , but we live in an amazing era of medicine and technology and shit . 
  yeah , it seems nice at first . 
  but then you realize you 're on a ship for six to seven weeks and it 's the most boring shit in the world . 
  the only exciting part is probably finally getting there . 
  idk , maybe it was cool back then , but i 'm also looking at it from a modern/cynic 's viewpoint . 
  ruining everything . 
  i thought the buddhists used a different rotation of the swastika ? 
  or was that the hindus ? 
  ahhh okay . 
  i guess i forgot about the second one despite reading about it . 
  what 's the other green line coming in from the east edge of the map ? 
  and if that 's the actual path what 's with the other green line that sort of circles around ? 
  we are all the sole survivor . 
  well no , it 's cool , the vault malfunctions and you 're free to go . 
  except everything sucks in the future and some jackass took your kid . 
  yeah , but in sweden , they have fika so this would never happen anyway . 
  do they have stealth boys installed in their systems ? 
  i just tweeted at erdogan and called him a cunt dictator but i 'm also way too safe in america sooooo ... ... stay safe mate . 
  i do n't know why they did n't just use an actual map . 
  the fundamentalist muslims hate their own people just as much . 
  because most islamic countries use an ideology of wahhabism . 
  it 's not a false narrative , it 's just that they 're still using an ultra-conservative ideology of islam . 
   more specifically , it 's wahhabism , salafism , or deobandis . 
  can you read ? 
  more specifically , it 's wahhabism , salafism , or deobandis . 
  they are usually the main islamic sects , or movements , when it comes to radicalized muslims . 
  what about russia ? 
  oh good . 
   you did delete some of stevenuniverse stuff . 
  what do they have against steven universe ? 
  jesus god damn . 
  i like the number of choices . 
  i absolutely love architecture like what 's shown in [ this one . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/schuetting_bremen_1900.jpg ) the additional decorations or stylings on the buildings and the way the roofs and windows are designed . 
  it 's awesome . 
  i mean , not surprised considering the behavior over at t_d , but still . 
  the current discord there is the current belief that a president can order a specific wiretap against someone . 
  incredibly laughable . 
  what the fuck . 
  it 's pretty weird in the us . 
  seems like most of the muslims acknowledge that the attacks happen the way they happen and we have a bunch of white people that believe in the conspiracy theories . 
  the coastal wind makes up for it actually i have no idea , i 've never been to hawaii . 
  it is !, 
  i think you 'd also like the flint hills in kansas https://www.google.com/search?q=flint+hills+kansas&amp;rlz=1c2jzap_enus746us746&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjexbg598lvahuk6iykhtipdweq_auicygc&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950, 
  the western parts of the dakotas are super nice though . 
  how has laura lochman been ? 
  damn , he speaks really good english . 
  a lot more eloquent then the guy we got . 
  i do n't think turkish people in the rest of europe would be wearing hijabs or niqabs or burkas either . 
  they just really do n't wear them as often as you 'd think . 
  who gave her a golden shower ? 
  i 'd like to think all these world leaders really enjoy fucking with him . 
  i read that the attacker 's parents fled from libya to escape the muammar gaddafi regime . 
  i heard a famous rat chef was behind it . 
  the polls were still pretty accurate for the popular vote as the states hillary lost were within the margin of error . 
  but yeah , our system is way different so i ca n't see le pen having a miraculous win . 
  george soros is obviously paying him , just like any other conspiracy theory that goes unfounded . 
  praise be . 
  jeez , the sub looks like it has the same css style as t_d . 
  and looking at the list of mods , one of them mods [ these subs . 
   they might have meddled with the transmission towers . 
  '' * those damn conniving cats . 
  * '' but for real , i ca n't understand how people are so keen to accept that as an answer . 
  that 's so surreal . 
  and i kind of doubt turkey would allow an independent investigation of the transmission towers to see if any wiring or transformers were chewed into . 
   the blocking came after turkish authorities had asked wikipedia to `` remove content by writers supporting terror and of linking turkey to terror groups '' , a request to which the government had not received a reply . 
  and people thought trump would be a dictator . 
  we at least have checks and balances to prevent that . 
  they even had a court case for a 12 year old boy for insulting erdogan ? 
  that 's so fucked . 
  journalists getting arrested for `` insulting the government '' whenever they 're critical of certain policies is a pretty well known occurrence . 
  it 's not just journalists either , it 's opposing political leaders , ministers , etc. 
  what was with the power outages in 2014 during the election ? 
  that 's insane . 
  what is turkey 's current viewpoint on the greek and assyrian genocides ?
