  not really , same thing here . 
  i had a friend who was probably around 168 that wanted to grow a bit , but he was deemed too tall for growth hormones . 
   i just find it crazy that in this day and age , right now , there are gay people who feel more protected by the right than the left , who until recently just stiffled any discussion on the issue . 
  on this particular issue , they majorly fucked up . 
  it is messed up , but that does n't mean it 's because the left fucked up . 
  it 's because those people * perceive * that the left messed up . 
  and for a large part that is caused by fear of islam and scapegoating . 
  and this sentiment that the left is somehow fully to blame for the ` islam problem ' is the exact sentiment that is causing that . 
  and you are repeating that , hence my reactions . 
  this incredibly asinine strawman argument that the left would value muslim rights over gay rights for instance . 
  that the left would be okay with foreign cultures undermining our values , as opposed to you know , trying to deal with something as complex as multiculturalism and finding balances between our own european values like freedom of religion and freedom from discrimination . 
  the reality is that it 's not the left that is to blame . 
  it 's like 70 years of hundreds of factors , that have little to do with left or right . 
  it 's ww2 . 
  economy . 
  the emancipation of women , the economic situation in turkey and morocco . 
  wars in the middle east . 
  integration policies are n't to blame on the left , because those people were n't supposed to stay here when they came here . 
  what the left is doing today is trying to get them integrated in our society . 
  something that should 've been done 30 years ago . 
  guess what side keeps trying to sabotage that ? 
  so now we have a group of people here that were n't supposed to stay here , so they never integrated . 
  and one side wants them to integrate while the other side despises them . 
  nobody benefits from this scapegoating because it wo n't bring us any closer to a solution . 
  i think the problem has less to with immigration and more with integration . 
  it 's really only a small group of people that are causing a problem . 
  a lot of immigrants are well adjusted , but you do n't notice them because they 're just living normal lives . 
  and in reality integration is way too complex for most people here to truly understand . 
  there 's really no point going into a discussion if you believe that any advancements made by the left are still the work of the right , and if you ca n't seem to admit right wing shortcomings while blaming everything staunchly on the left . 
  the world does n't have easy answers . 
  blaming everything on one scapegoat is an easy out . 
   the left wants to let this madness continue on . 
  what exactly are you referring to here ? 
  this is such bullshit . 
  stop scapegoating . 
  right wing policies would n't have helped the situation in the netherlands one bit at all . 
  the mistakes were made 50 years ago and we have to deal with it now . 
  there 's international law and human rights , you ca n't just throw people out . 
  and if those people are here to stay than right wing policies are n't going to improve anything , they 'll just make radicalisation worse if anything . 
  mind you right wing policies nowadays are mostly about keeping them from coming in in the first place . 
  if you think this is the fault of the left it just means you have no clue about the complexity of the situation . 
  it can have problems and still be the best thing that has ever happened to europe . 
  those do not exclude each other at all . 
  and objectively speaking this is probably the best state europe has ever been in , and compared to other places in the world we 're also doing pretty fucking awesome . 
  i think most people do n't even know about that tbh . 
  they 're called suomi okay . 
  it also sounds cooler . 
  suck it suomi . 
  aww that 's nice . 
  keep on being awesome , awesome person . 
  thought it said acteur opa at first , which is `` actor grandpa '' in dutch . . 
  what 's `` insane and wrong '' about children being exposed to gay people ? 
  i ask you direct question about the things you literally said and your response is to insult me ? 
  just answer the questions man . 
  i 'm not insulting you and you do n't need to insult me . 
  feel free to ask other psychologists about this if you do n't trust me . 
  i 'm confident in my stance . 
  and what the hell does trump have to do with this lol . 
  nothing i said was irrelevant or out of context . 
  why do n't you just defend your views instead of derailing this conversation by calling me hysterical ? 
  why do you think showing children gay people is bad ? 
   i 'm simply suggesting that kids should be worried about other things than sexual orientation at that age ... why would they be worried just because they saw some gay people on a tv show ? 
  what exactly is worrying there ? 
   introducing lgbt to children is insane and wrong why is it `` insane and wrong '' ? 
   i implied that most people thinking there is not an issue , are not aware what exactly is the `` issue '' here then ? 
  i do n't really watch the show so ca n't comment on that specifically :p, 
  it should n't even matter if they 're gay or straight . 
  nearly every action movie has some sexual tensions between the male protagonist and some pretty woman . 
  so in an ideal world there would also be some movies where that woman is replaced by a handsome guy . 
  but can you imagine the shit show if that happened ? 
  so instead gay people get this tiny representation in movies by a character that dares to mention their sexuality once , and people still lose their fucking shit . 
  oh my bad , +1 for you then !, 
  i will accept a related argument about historical accuracy in a historically accurate show . 
  sure , that 's fine . 
  however it does n't have to be relevant to the plot ... 
  gay people exist . 
  and there 's no problem with that at all . 
  they should be able to exist in tv shows without any justification whatsoever because people do n't need any justification to be gay either . 
  the default situation should be that everybody is welcome . 
  this default that everybody should be straight is so incredibly backwards and hurtful . 
  this is n't political correctness . 
  this is about not treating gay people like lesser humans and pretending they need permission to simply exist in tv shows . 
  the fact that so many people get so weirded out by gay people in tv shows just shows how people still really think about lgbt people . 
  and it 's saddening . 
  why would gay people simply existing in tv programs make children worry ? 
  we 're not talking about propaganda here . 
  this really is just gay people existing and children seeing that they exist . 
  that 's it . 
  that 's literally it . 
  agreed 100 % . 
  not against religious freedom , but religion should n't be used as an excuse for plain animal abuse . 
  i think you should put in a little edit so that it 's more clear to other people as well . 
  or you could argue that children growing up with positive gay role models is actually a good thing , because children learn there 's nothing wrong with being gay and that gay people are just regular people . 
  the idea that children will suddenly become gay if they see gay people is pretty asinine . 
  i never actually accused you of anything . 
  i 'm responding with questions because i do n't see any valid ~ ~ obligation ~ ~ objection * to it . 
  by the way you responded to my question `` what 's the problem with it '' with `` it 's social propaganda '' . 
  if you did n't mean to imply that social propaganda was a problem then you 're being a bit confusing . 
  is it social ` propaganda ' ? 
  if you 're cynical then yes perhaps .
