  for one , we do n't live in the middle east . 
  we do n't have syria and palestina next door who are meddling with our affairs . 
  i do n't think a muslim militia in europe is more likely than the fact that europe will continue to move in extremist right directions as it seems to be now . 
  because it 's what they happen to have in common . 
  they 're called risk factors , of course not everybody is going to be a terrorist , so dont treat them that way . 
  identify the risk factors , the better we can predict who will commit these acts , the better we can prevent them . 
  fear mongering and racism is n't going to make this any better . 
  remember something that was called world war 2 ? 
  and then people wonder how the nazis could 've done something so cruel , and yet in this thread there are literally people calling for the deportation of muslims . 
  what makes you think history wo n't repeat itself . 
  what are you on about ? 
  we 're already at war with isis . 
  are you suggesting we start murdering innocent civilians in syria and iraq ? 
  or that we murder potential suspects in our own countries on the basis that some of them might be a terrorist ? 
  or even ethnic cleansing ? 
  do you remember what happened somewhere around 1945 , when people grew hateful of a certain group of people ? 
  the truck drove through the crowd for 2 km , apparently . 
  makes a drunk driver very unlikely . 
  it was probably intentional . 
  the terrorists are usually people born in that country . 
  and they are the people who were n't accepted by society . 
  they lived in poor neighbourhood and did n't feel part of their country , so they turn to something else and grow resentment . 
  so yeah , lets increase racism , let 's shun them even more . 
  let 's increase the pool of potential terrorists . 
  what can go wrong . 
  we need preventive measures , we need to identify risk factors and keep an eye out on potential radicals . 
  what we do n't need is more racism and separation . 
  edit : i mistook you for haayoaie , i thought you were the same person , but youre not . 
  its mostly a reply to their idea to make europe a living hell for muslims . 
  dutch news ( rtl 4 ) reported ( on tv ) there might be a hostage situation in a restaurant, 
  reports of a truck crashing into the crowd, 
   but i 've never met anyone in real life who regretted being circumcised at birth . 
  it 's really hard to regret something you had no control over , and ca n't change . 
  your brain will just accept it , and find a way for it to make sense , usually by looking for a positive side of it . 
  i know i 'm at risk of sounding very demeaning . 
  please know i do n't mean it that way . 
   i have never thought about it because everyone ( here ) is circumcised . 
  i thought it was safer and cleaner to snip ? 
  this is the biggest problem there is with circumcision in the usa . 
  people never think about it . 
  they think it 's normal , they do n't question it . 
  even worse , they think it 's beneficial . 
  i 'm pretty sure that are also people propagating circumcision over there , claiming all kinds of benefits , adding to the myths . 
  this is important , because you have to step out of that beliefs system to understand it . 
  we can give you all the reasons , but what 's most important is that you need to realise how your norms works . 
  if you think it 's normal or no big deal , nothing we say can really share our sentiment . 
  i guess the best way to understand what i 'm getting at here is to imagine a blank state where nothing is done . 
  there is no idea of what looks better , there is no norm of doing it routinely . 
  it is n't normal . 
  now i 'll give you some information ; there are no real benefits , any benefit that does exist is practically insignificant . 
  the procedure will cause pain to your baby . 
  since it 's a medical procedure , it comes with risks . 
  ranging from inflammation to penile injuries , or even risk of losing the penis . 
  would you do it ? 
  i get what you mean . 
  but in a discussion about circumcision of babies it 's not all that relevant in my opinion . 
  we should be discussing what is best for the children . 
  the fact being circumcised has n't stopped you from enjoying sex says nothing about whether or not it 's best for the child . 
  seeing as how foreskin is really sensitive i think it 's a safe assumption that the person would enjoy sex more with foreskin than without . 
  life will always find its way . 
  but we should still pick the best option and not turn a blind eye because they will be fine despite it . 
  i 'm glad you 're fine . 
  but i find it an annoying point that adds nothing to the discussion , and i wish people would stop bringing it up . 
  i almost had to be circumcised when i was a little kid . 
  ` soaking ' and stretching saved my foreskin though thankfully . 
  we 're great friends now . 
  you can find the answer in the reactions from those people . 
  they do n't see a problem . 
  they do n't want to see a problem . 
  they think it 's normal and will do pretty much anything to keep that thought . 
  they want you to just shut up about it already and let them do their thing and stop criticising them . 
  and then they will do the same to their children , because their parents did it to them . 
  and the story repeats . 
   i had never even really thought about it until people on the internet ( ... ) exactly what the problem is . 
  also , actually we do have a say . 
  that 's how society works . 
  that 's how laws work . 
  you know how we tell people you ca n't harm other human beings ? 
  a lot of retarded things we did in the past are now thankfully illegal , because people stood up for it . 
  if people would keep repeating ` but it 's traditions ' and never make any changes because they ca n't be arsed to be critical of themselves we would still be living in a medieval shithole . 
  by that logic , just remove their earlobes as well . 
  they might get infected . 
  i do n't find that logic very compelling to be honest . 
  also , anyone who tells you circumcision is without risk is outright lying . 
  it 's linked to higher rates of penile injuries , you lose sensitivity , some people have linked more effects . 
  worst case scenario your kid will actually lose their penis , or actually die . 
  sounds like a bad trade-off to me . 
  tolerance does n't mean we just have to accept anything . 
  sometimes we as society have to make changes to traditions , even though it will be faced with a lot of resistance from those who do n't like change and want to keep practise their traditions because they simply do n't see the harm . 
  we do see the harm , and the victims are babies . 
  if you do n't see the harm that 's your problem , but when the victims are babies i simply ca n't give a single fuck about your inability to see the harm , sorry . 
  if we can keep our language and cheese , i will welcome the germans . 
  it 's a violation of bodily integrity , which is a human right . 
  she would n't scare me . 
  the fact that she has fans does . 
  when stupid people get a following you should get scared . 
  remember how they said trump would never become president ? 
  sounds like the start of v for vendetta . 
  too often is the right to religious expression just enabling despicable and inhumane behavior , and it disgusts me how you can get away with otherwise outright illegal behavior because religion . 
  when are non religious people getting their free out of jail card to having exemptions on the law ?
