  where wilders differs is that he just says he wants everybody out . 
  not a fascist ? 
  he literally wants to ban the quran . 
  he has stated he wants to lock up muslims precautionary . 
  he has n't got a single worked out plan and literally said something along the lines of `` we do n't really have a plan , but just vote for us and we will take care of everything '' . 
  he is the closest thing to fascism this world has at the moment . 
  sshh being called german is a compliment . 
  no i mean inside of parliament . 
  i read this  we do not have infinite time to listen to all types of speeches . 
  as : the parliament does n't have infinite time to listen to all types of speeches . 
  that would be nice but i 'm not sure it does ... pvv being high up in polls also gives them legitimacy , and it might bring in voters that would otherwise not vote for the pvv because they normally did n't really stand a chance . 
  companies should keep their freedom to part ways with people who are disruptive or give their company a bad reputation . 
  would you feel more comfortable if we just protect our constitutions ? 
  because discrimination based on sex or gender is illegal in most european countries . 
  i do n't really think we should ban it outright , but if his ideas are simply against the constitution i question his place in parliament . 
  i mean is n't that kind of the point of parliament ? 
  100 % yes . 
  it 's over saturated . 
  [ check the out streetview thetocheu posted ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wrbm6/alsace_like_germany_but_cuter/decjfu3/ ) still really beautiful , but the photo was definitely enhanced . 
  i know this is completely irrelevant , but that stream in the sky reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.mamamaai.nl/wp-content/uploads/30-april-20141.jpg ) . 
  it 's probably why i like them so much , childhood memories . 
  why is it upside down ? 
  off topic , but do you ever post comments that are not cynical and bitter ? 
   only one way to see if his solutions work i 'd rather not . 
  it 's also possible to survive a gun shot directly to the brain , but i do n't really want to try it . 
  i do n't really see the need for christian schools either though . 
  education should be separate from religion all together . 
  i see your point . 
  i think it 's a fair point . 
  my point to add is that if a disproportionate amount of moroccans commit crimes , then it 's okay to say that a disproportionate amount of moroccans commit crimes . 
  and that has pretty much been the case . 
  while wilders however , does n't say that , but instead says that all moroccans are bad . 
  and that 's the rhetoric that is attracting people to him . 
  while i understand that they are mostly afraid , we also should n't just stand idle as we watch this happen . 
  calling them racists might not directly accomplish something , but we should n't shy away from calling it as it is either . 
  one of the worst things we could do is to just let them at it without speaking out . 
  and part of that is acknowledging that it is indeed racist , and it comes with the hurt of racism and also the dangers of it ( and populism ) . 
  euphemising our language to accommodate for their feelings only legitimises their actions and make them believe what they 're doing is not that bad . 
  all whilst running straight into trap that is populism . 
  you agree with locking people up who did n't commit any crimes ? 
  that 's a scary power to give to a government ... to illustrate , even the sp is for taking in less refugees . 
  they 're also against religious fundamentalism and stopping exceptions of the law under the banner of religious freedom . 
  the whole thing is that the world has changed . 
  it does n't work the same anymore . 
  we are so far globalised that retracting yourself from the eu and thereby giving up your world presence is suicide , especially for a country as small as the netherlands . 
  without the eu the netherlands is an insignificant little spot on the planet . 
  a fractured eu is a one way ticket to new ussr heaven for putin . 
  the combined might and economic power of the eu is what 's keeping them in place right now . 
  russia is hurting really badly right now because of the economic sanctions over crimea . 
  why do you think putin is so eager to see the usa retract itself now and for the eu to split up ? 
  that 's the threat you are facing here , losing trade with the usa , but no eu to back you up . 
  russia becoming dominant again , and china 's economy steamrolling you . 
  with no eu you do n't have a fighting chance . 
  a vote for wilders will not just solve the migrant problem and that be the end of it . 
  a vote for wilders will maybe solve the migrant problem , but probably not because we have to follow international laws and guidelines anyway , but * will * threaten the future of our country . 
  i understand you might not be a fan of the eu , it has downsides as well . 
  but this is not the same world anymore as 10-20 years ago . 
  and we simply need the eu to survive , that 's the reality of it . 
  it might not be nice to you , you might hate it , but that 's the world we live in and that is n't going to change anymore . 
  believing that everything will just be fine if we leave is wishful thinking . 
  there is way too much at stake here to risk just because you are scared of what foreigners might do to our country . 
  we can deal with migrants as they come . 
  the same can not be said for russia or china . 
   so to keep them sharp i 'll keep voting pvv , untill the other parties adopt his policies like they did with pim fortuyn 's . 
  as a fellow countryman that cares about his country i just want to ask you to reconsider this . 
  i understand you feel like you want your voice to be heard to try to bring forth change , but this is not the way . 
  pvv 's policies are unsustainable and even impossible . 
  having them in the government would just make governing this country a whole lot harder , while actually improving nothing at all . 
  worst case scenario we will see the rise of populism again . 
  which will do far more damage to our country than migrants could ever pull off in a hundred years . 
  ( mind you wilders his new programma states they want to preventively lock up people , before they have even commited a crime ) politics are about more than just the migrants situation , and to cast a vote based on only that would be throwing your vote away . 
  please also take into consideration our education which is on a downfall , our rising health care costs , our economy , jobs , etc. 
  what 's the point of closing our borders to prevent some migrants coming in if they rest of our country will go to shit anyway because our government had to form a coalition with populists ? 
  and that 's the other side of the eu coin . 
  it unites us against the threat of the trump administration , against the military threat of russia , and the economic threat of china . 
  there 's really no point in leaving the eu just to keep some migrants out if that means that we will be dwarved and ran over . 
  the eu gives us a better economy and a world presence that we really can not afford to lose . 
  edit : to add , nearly every party offers solutions to the migrants problem . 
  please just read on those and cast a vote for a real solution . 
  not for a man who shouts he will keep everyone out , which is n't ever going to happen anyway . 
   i do n't think its helpful labeling people who care for their country as racist . 
  these have nothing to do with each other . 
  you can care about your country without without being racist . 
  and a large part of pvv voters are racist though . 
  they vote pvv because of their disdain for moroccan and turks , or muslims . 
  and it 's a vote based on fear and hate , not on reason . 
   populism would n't have risen as fast if we would acknowledge the negative influence the islam had , and continues to have . 
  that 's the whole thing about this and racism . 
  many people acknowledge the negative things of islam . 
  i doubt there are many people who deny it . 
  the thing is that you can either let the actions of some muslims determine your feelings and actions towards muslims as a whole , or you can not . 
  and many people do the latter , because muslims , moroccans or turks are not a monolithic group . 
  and to judge all of them by the actions of some of them is unfair . 
  that 's where the pvv differs from the other parties . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with the friendly turkish guy working at your local barber shop , so why would he need to be socially ostracized ? 
  it 's important we do n't let our negative feelings affect those we do n't deserve it . 
  and that 's why most political parties do n't use the same rhetoric . 
  because they are not willing to ostracize entire groups because of the actions of some of them . 
  that 's why instead they try to address the problems specifically , and not lump them all together and throw them out . 
  the moroccan youth problem has been addressed by many parties for many years , the discussion was only based on what the proper solution would be .
