  similarly there is not a party right now that does n't address the refugee problem in their election programme . 
  no party agrees with radical islam , no party denies the moroccan youth problem , no party is happy with the migrant crisis . 
  the only thing the pvv does is shout `` they are all bad , and they all need to get out '' or `` islam is bad and should be banned '' , which is unhelpful , unlawful , needlessly divisive , populistic , and yes ; racist . 
   going so far as to take boats and go save them from the sea themselves what else do you propose, 
  so your solution is to leave them in the sea to drown then ? 
  not sure what you 're trying to say here . 
  if you want me to take you seriously , do n't start your sentences with `` everybody knows '' . 
  i 'm not buying that cheap rhetoric . 
  what is your reason to believe that the refugees will have a hard time integrating exactly ? 
  also you do know the vast majority of refugees are in neighbouring countries like saudi arabia and turkey right ? 
  finally , feminism is not a monolith and lots of feminists care about the problems of men . 
  the issue feminism has is that most people on the internet are beating a strawmen version of it . 
  if your idea of feminism is synonymous with not caring about men , you 're probably guilty of that as well . 
  to name some examples , feminists campaigned against prison rape ( of men ) , they tend to be against circumcision , they got better parental leave for men , and they 're directly addressing the problems of the effects of emotional suppression on men 's mental health . 
  besides that they are relieving men of the pressure of having to be providers by getting women into the workforce , they relieve the burden of military duties by getting women into the army , make it more acceptable for men to be parents by changing out cultural norms , and have improved the satisfaction of relationships by partners becoming more equal . 
  if you 're willing to throw that all out because of a few `` feminists '' protesting some shit or saying some dumbs things you are as sensible as people who think all muslims are terrorists . 
  ( you in a general sense , not you specifically ) but it 's no surprise we often find those two convictions together . 
  well yeah , there 's a group of people that indeed have a problem with accepting trans as actual people . 
  that still is n't the cause for this populism were seeing . 
  north african immigrants that came along with the refugees should be sent back . 
  but i do n't think there 's really many people disagreeing with that . 
  so you do believe in it . . that 's unfortunate . 
  it 's not my ego that 's in my way , i can tell you that much . 
   what else could this mass migration lead to ? 
  people not buying into the fearmongering that it will destroy our culture or society and just moving on with living their lives the exact same way like they used to . 
  if that 's what they take away from it then i doubt they were left to begin with . 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  stop caring about the lives of the disadvantaged , about the rights of all people , do n't take in the victims of war . 
  in other words , start doing right wing things , or else right wing people will get upset . 
  what you 're suggesting is that we should n't ever follow left politics in fear of the response of the right . 
  also nobody gives a shit about gender identity politics in the general population . 
  that 's just the internet , do n't delude yourself . 
  populism in europe is about muslims , and fearmongering on immigrants and refugees . 
  do you honestly even believe any of this stuff yourself ? 
  there 's so many things wrong with this it 's not even worth correcting . 
  there 's a theory that we do n't see interstellar civilisations because there is some great filter that kills off societies before they get to reach that stage . 
  we 're about to go to mars . . so . . idk, 
  arguing false equivalences wo n't get you anywhere . 
  not sure how you took away that from my comment , but no i do n't think that , i was just answering their question . 
  yeah it 's not like people get shit for coming into these discussions and derailing it every time by saying `` stop it , you 're mean , my penis is fine , now shut the hell now '' . 
  no they 're ridiculed for having a strange looking penis of course . 
  if your opinion is that you do n't see the problem and just want people to shut up about it , you are actually a contributor to the problem . 
  why is it weird they get called out for it ? 
  your inability to see how gross violations of bodily integrity are important is worrisome . 
  any benefits that might exist are countered by failed circumcision that cause permanent damage to the penis . 
  worst case scenario it has to be amputated . 
  having a 1 % ( iirc ) lower chance at contracting aids , while you should wear a condom anyway , at the risk of permanent damage sounds like a super bad decision to me . 
  circumcising * is * absolutely horrible . 
  it is inhumane , and it is cruel . 
  this is not the same as saying a circumcised penis is bad . 
  learn the difference between the two . 
  it 's not about his penis , he can do whatever he wants with his . 
  tattooing and piercing a baby would be child abuse , getting a tattoo yourself is n't . 
  partly of people going to shady and unhygienic places to get circumcisions if it 's illegal for professionals to do it . 
  i believe he also invented the cereal as a super boring breakfast to keep people from having sex , or something along those lines ? 
  i 've never been there myself , so who knows , but these look much more realistic ( and still pretty ) : http://www.life-nature-adventure.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/burano-19-03-15-081.jpg http://www.venetoinside.com/files/images/tours/veneto/murano-burano-e-torcello/13.jpg http://il8.picdn.net/shutterstock/videos/8485792/thumb/1.jpg http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/italy-veneto-venice-burano-colorful-buildings-in-town-center-picture-id547196993?s=170667a, 
  i do n't want it to :(, 
  i do n't think 2016 will stop until the 31st of december ... may they rest in peace . 
  those same people would be cheering if this was about a muslim group instead . 
  so true . 
  i 've seen many who want the freedom to say deplorable things , but when that freedom is returned to them by being called racist for instance , they suddenly turn around and cry about it . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  [ in finland , we homo . 
  ( ... ) in finland everyone can homo , in marriage . 
  for free . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4wwqhodtyk ), 
  do you have reading comprehension problems ? 
  since you have decided to derail the conversation , i 'm putting an end to it here . 
  if you think freedom of speech can only exist as an absolute , and will argue on the basis of your definition that it therefore does n't exist . 
  then yeah it does n't . 
  but we are not using your definition , and free speech is n't a black or white all or nothing concept . 
  by your definition not a single country in the world has free speech . 
  which if you want to believe that , go ahead . 
  but stop posting misleading comments in the hopes or riling up other people . 
  ill pick this one `` however , the court cleared wilders of the charge of inciting hatred and imposed no fine or sentence '', 
   european speech laws frequently punish opinion and thoughts . 
  where and when ? 
  1938 - 1945 does n't count . 
   that is why it is so bad , because people are arrested for thoughtcrime . 
  when is the last time this happened ? 
  even wilders got off , multiple times . 
  these laws have practically no impact on regular citizens . 
  only public figures that are in a position of influence . 
  and even then you would need to say incredibly deplorable and extreme things to get into trouble for it . 
  wilders is one of the most extreme right politicians world wide and not even he gets in trouble , do n't you think you 're being overly dramatic ? 
  stop being so disingenuous about it . 
  i guess you 're referring to the usa ? 
  if so , they also have limits on free speech . 
  they still have libel and slander laws , incitement to violence laws , and you cant yell fire in a crowded theater . 
  nice way to twist words ... every freedom of behavior has its limits , including speech . 
  the only thing the government can not control is your thoughts , all of your behavior is subject to the law at some point . 
  even the holy free speech in the usa has limits . 
  the netherlands has excellent free speech . 
  stop with the hyperboles if you have a bit of integrity . 
  true free speech does n't exist and is a red herring . 
  there will always be exceptions , and there should be . 
  and social repercussions will always exist and can not be governed by law . 
  europe 's free speech is 100 % fine . 
  nobody is getting arrested by the state for their opinions or thoughts , which is what is really important about free speech . 
  actually dutch law is better , because you can actually be held accountable if you willfully spread lies .
