  there someone near the top saying ` if we want to know why , to prevent this from happening , we have to accept they are n't born evil ' and in the same breath says we should n't listen to those ` easy explanations ' like marginalisation , ghettos , etc. 
  we only need to look at one thing and that is religion it 's just so intellectually dishonest . 
  they do n't give a shit about finding out what exact factors play a role . 
  they do n't give a shit that islam is n't the only explaining factor , that it is n't that simple . 
  they do n't care there are probably 10 's or 100 's of factors , and that it is n't easy at all . 
  somehow the fact that we have so many muslims here and 99 % of them is peaceful is not evidence enough that islam is not the only factor . 
  and when you dare to suggest that we need to look further than just islam , look at who of those islamic supporters radicalise , and who of those radicals actually plan and carry out attacks you get downvoted . 
  because anything that does n't fit their narrow-minded narrative of ` islam is bad ' needs to be downvoted and disagreed with . 
  i 've been saying this for years and it 's becoming more and more true every year . 
  it 's just scary , and the people who advocate the hate are unresponsive . 
  i guess , as history also taught us , we just never learn . 
  i think it 's too obtuse to deny the obvious associations that phrase has with terrorist attacks . 
  and to shout something like that on a memorial for a terrorist attack ( or killing spree ) is about as stupid as you can get . 
   an iranian-german hating on immigrants ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  why does n't it make sense ? 
  not every person with any roots to anything middle eastern is the same . 
  it 's totally possible for 3rd generation to hate on immigrants for a multiple of reasons . 
  do n't think so black and white . 
  2 of my uncles were married to women from afghanistan , who were muslim . 
  they were lovely . 
  1 is a beauty stylist and the other provides mental health care to female abuse victims . 
  better deport them right ? 
  would you give me the same response if an ex muslim would show up saying the opposite ? 
  would you let millions of people die because you 're too scared something might happen , even though your fears are n't backed up by any real evidence ? 
  you would have blood on your hands too . 
  nothing about this whole situation is easy , stop pretending it is . 
  for real now , i 'm out . 
  have a good night . 
  fine , one more reply then . 
  i realise there is n't an easy answer to this dilemma . 
  i think it 's an extremely difficult situation . 
  but as of right now there is no reason for fear mongering . 
  it 's a humanitarian crisis , not a simple matter of `` do you care more for illegal immigrants than your own citizens ? '', 
  if there were easy answers it would n't be a crisis . 
  those countries are safe because they are not attractive targets . 
  germany and france are just much more attractive targets for terrorists , because they have a much larger impact on europe . 
  you know that the terrorists from the attacks on france were born in europe right ? 
  you see a pattern related to refugees yet ? 
  because i do n't . 
  so far we had refugees molest women , and 1 attack with a machete . 
  and i 've been told the perpetrators of the molesting were from north african countries , not syria . 
   103 of the 153 suspects were from morocco or algeria . 
  from wiki and we had natives shoot people up with ak 's , drive a truck into a crowd , and bomb places . 
  do you see a link with refugees ? 
  that 's the entire problem , rightist people are just waiting for a refugee to do something wrong so they can shout `` see , i told you all along ! '' . 
  if you just send them back they will be recruited or killed by isis , is that any better in your eyes ? 
  your life is not going to get better here in europe if right wing extremism is going to increase . 
  i do n't have anything left to say here , so this my last reply . 
  is n't saudi arabia one of the worst islamic countries though ? 
   you just called an ex-muslim who lived in saudi arabia - where the punishment for apostasy is death - a `` right wing extremist '' i did not . 
  i 'm calling the people on this sub who literally say ` deport all muslims ' right wing extremists . 
  the people that think all refugees are some type of heathen who are incapable of living a productive life in western society . 
  those people are n't on your side either . 
  just because i despise the actions of a bunch of lunatics in the middle east , does n't mean i hate muslims living in asia or europe . 
  how about the fact that terrorism is still lower than it used to be in europe ? 
  do you think the victims of isis attacks , which are numerically probably mostly muslims , are just as bad as isis ? 
  i do n't think so , because even though fundamental islam may be a destructive ideology , not all muslims are fundamentalist . 
  the bible was build on hate and death as well , but christians are doing alright nowadays . 
  anyway , i think my last post was clear where my exact problems lie . 
  and that is the racism and xenophobia . 
  i 'm not a fan of islam , you do n't have to convince me . 
  but i 'll be damned before i support right wing extremists either . 
  than a single attack . 
  compared one on one . 
  obviously way more attacks were carried out in the name of daesh . 
  shooting up children at a summer camp is about as disgusting as i can imagine . 
  your first post was a ridicule of a strawman leftist position . 
  i doubt it was for comedy , more to express your dislike of the left . 
  if it was for comedy then damn that was in poor taste dude . 
  anyway , posting from a jacuzzi sounds pretty good . 
  make sure to share pics . 
  it 's a destructive ideology when practiced in a fundamental form . 
  but it 's not the cause . 
  terrorism has happened by almost every group . 
  arguably the attack by breivik was just as bad or maybe even worse than any individual attack that happened in the name of daesh . 
  it 's just sad that whenever something bad happens by the hands of somebody with a light brown skin color the same reaction pops up every time . 
  like it 's unthinkable this guy was just a lunatic , no he has to be islamic . 
  and islam is the reason he does something like this . 
  and we have to be scared of refugees , because refugees are muslims , so every one of them is a potential terrorist . 
  edit : changed single for individual , for clarity . 
  there 's a big difference between acknowledging that islam plays a significant role in terrorism and suggesting islam is the cause of terrorism . 
  and a lot of people lack that nuance . 
  oh just get out and play pokemon go or something . 
  are you really bringing up gun control issues here ? 
  give that lunatic a gun and see what he does . 
  chances are significantly higher you 'll get stabbed to death or shot by a white person . 
  but oh no now that there is an insignificant chance you 'll get killed by a machete from an ethnic minority suddenly it got too spooky ? 
  getting tired of this sub from stuff like this . 
  whatever they can get their hands on to push their narratives . 
  somehow i 'm not surprised by this reaction after your first post . 
  relax bruh . 
   germans are civilized people they would n't hurt each other and how about the train attack did a german do it no a muslim did i think this deserves some medal at the olympics for mental gymnastics . 
  do you ever read back on your messages and even have the slightest bit of self awareness and mental effort to know that 1 . you 're being ridiculous , and 2 . what you 're saying makes 0 sense and would offer 0 explanation , in fact it would make things 3 times worse . 
  well , it 's because they do act fully emotionally . 
  terrorists attacks are not a good time to expect rationality from people . 
  this is how people emotionally react when they already have preconceived ideas about refugees and muslims . 
  peace will come from integration , mutual understanding and respect . 
  i clicked on the live feed , and this was the first thing i saw . 
  it felt unreal,
