  you can also see it is just providing relatable characters for more people . 
  maybe it 's indeed meant to make social changes , to which i still do n't see the problem really . 
  if you do n't either then that 's great !, 
  considering there 's no reason why not you are actually correct despite your sarcasm . 
   or do n't understand basic human psychology . 
  i 'm a psychologist , but please enlighten me because you seem to know something that i do n't . 
  so they put in a black person , i still do n't care . 
  even if they do it on purpose i still do n't care because i truly do n't have a problem with gay people or black people . 
  it truly does n't make my movie experience any bit worse if there are black people or gay people , so i just do n't care . 
  if it makes those people happy to have just one fucking character in it then go for it . 
  well obviously you give a shit because you do n't want it in your movies . 
  why does not giving a shit somehow equate to `` do n't ever mention your sexuality '' ? 
  you know what not giving a shit would look like ? 
  not actually giving a shit if somebody is gay or not . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  do you think more people will suddenly turn gay now ? 
  do you think it 's a bad thing that people will see gay people as actual normal human beings like they 're portrayed in movies ? 
  what ? 
  how is it propaganda and what is it propagating ? 
  because those people exist too, 
  even if they did , what 's the problem exactly ? 
  just start with cutting back first i 'd say and see how it works for you . 
  if you 're already underweight you 'd probably need to take it a bit slow and not go full cold turkey . 
  no pun intended, 
   killing an animal is not wrong regardless of how intelligent they are or how much they do n't want to die . 
  you 're sort of right , but i feel you only get to say this if you 've ever had to kill an animal yourself . 
  it 's too easy to close your eyes and just pretend to not know what happens behind the doors of the slaughterhouse while eating your steak . 
  you can also admit that killing animals is a horrible thing to have to do , and at the very least be mindful of it when you eat your meat . 
  you just do n't get to say killing animals is no big deal while you 've never done it yourself imo . 
  halal actually allows for sedated slaughter , as long as the animal is n't permanently injured by the sedation . 
  a lot of halal slaughter uses sedation ( in europe at least ) . 
  jewish slaughter requires an animal to be fully conscious while the throat is slit however . 
  that 's simply just false . . https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/complete_protein even if it was true you could eat meat like 2 times a week to cover your needs . 
  people eat meat because they like it , that 's really it . 
  the truth is that reducing your meat consumption will most likely have a bigger impact than driving green cars . 
  the meat industry not only has direct gas emissions from cow farts , but it also requires massive amounts of water and food ( cow meat especially is very inefficient ) , and is responsible for a lot of deforestation . 
  even switching out your protein for chicken is a good start , because chickens are far less damaging than cow meat . 
  even better would be to cut back on your meat consumption to like 3 times a week instead of 6 for instance , and to replace your meat based protein for insect protein ( which are far more efficient and nutritious actually ) or plant based . 
  read this for instance : https://www.google.nl/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/environment/2014/jul/21/giving-up-beef-reduce-carbon-footprint-more-than-cars and then we have n't even mentioned the antibiotics problem yet , which is a whole other threat to mankind all together . 
  groupthink . 
  psychologist here , though this is still just a guess . 
  looks like extreme dehumanisation ( but towards animals ) and desensitisation . 
  it 's easy to look at those people as just being evil , but imagine what slaughtering thousands of animals a day does to a person . 
  basically in order for people to be able to slaughter so many animals day in day out , you * have to * lose all empathy towards the animals . 
  it 's your brain 's way of being able to deal with these gruesome things . 
  nothing can really excuse the behavior and that 's not my intent . 
  but i have to admit from a psychological perspective i really feel for people working in slaughterhouses . 
  the amount of abuse and suffering they experience on a daily basis will mess you up . 
  and what i feel is also really important to note is that it would be easy to look at those employees and get mad at them ( which i do too after seeing the abuse ) , but ultimately it 's the demand for meat that put us in these situations . 
  turning slaughterhouses into efficient killing machines . 
  and that is dictated by what we put on our plates . 
   i agree , but this nice piece of rock will stay right here no matter what we little ants do to it . 
  would be nice if it contained life though, 
  * pats himself on the back for doing what td told him *, 
  that the article is clearly about london , so why zoom back out again ? 
  i 'm pretty sure they meant the comments assuming it was muslim related , which it is n't in london . 
  i do n't get your point ? 
  in the uk it seems to be gang related . 
   however , acid attack charities in the uk estimate that british victims are predominantly men , at roughly 71 % of victims . 
   jaf shah , the executive director of the support group acid survivors trust international ( asti ) , told the guardian : `` looking at the data in general , there is a fairly large probability that a high percentage of the incidents are male-on-male attacks and most likely to be gang-related . 
  out with the gangs !, 
  send them back to ... old europe !, 
  you are missing the point . 
  uneducated people voted more for pvv . 
  that is n't an insult , that 's just a statement . 
  you seem to think they 're calling pvv voters uneducated as an insult , but pvv just has a lot of lower educated voters . 
  i thoroughly believe we should take old cows out of the ditch okay, 
  you should lay of the red pills for a while . 
  click the link you lazy bum . 
  pvv voters had the highest amount of uneducated voters . 
  what you 're implying makes no sense at all . 
  well he did reply to a reporter `` it 's none of your business how i spent my evening '' so who knows, 
  im watching npo live , it 's dutch though . 
  in short , wilders is too unreliable to cooperate with and he has n't even worked out any plans so nobody even knows what he realistically wants . 
  wilders also quit the coalition he was in with vvd back then . 
  dutch cows  trojan horses ? 
  you gouda be kidding me, 
  ... just like our bikes . 
  well reactions similar to these probably fuel the fire . 
  imagine the posts if that would happen though . 
  `` netherlands not democratic '' . 
  i can only see them benefit from it myself . 
  pick 3 issues that are most important to you and find the party most closely aligned to that . 
  holy fucking shit, 
  going to have to ask for some sources on this one . 
  i did a search myself already but could only find sources that contradict what you are saying , for instance this meta analysis : . 
  usually more interaction leads to less outgroup bias so i do n't think this suffices as an explanation by itself . 
  would explain why our cousine sucks ... 
  who cares , the real question is where is mexico ? 
  not sure if brilliant or attempt to save face, 
  maybe me have different definitions of fascism , but creating a common enemy threat ( coincidentally based on religion ) , and banning books from said group , preventively locking up people from said group , wanting to throw out people of said group , closing religious buildings of said group , and spreading messages that said group are a threat for your society that seeks to destroy you , check some very important boxes of fascism for me . 
   he and people like le pen exist because all the other parties are too weak to even consider discussing islams effect on western culture absolute and utter bullshit . 
  even the most left parties like sp have stances like less refugees/immigrants . 
  the difference between wilders and others is that wilders directly attacks islam , where other parties try to be reasonable and not generalize a group of billions of people . 
  the reason why wilders is popular is because people buy into his cheap rhetoric . 
  not because he is the only one who dares to speak out against islam . 
   are his views a solution ? 
  but people who have concerns about mass immigration or the eu or islam have no where else to turn ** even if the solutions given by the populist right are outlandish and unrealistic . 
  except you know , voting for nearly every other party in our elections . 
  nearly every party has a stance that is basically : help the refugees , send back the people that do n't belong here , and try to accomodate as many refugees in their local region instead of in europe .
