i dont understand all the hatred here against muslims and others you do n't understand why people may hate followers of one the religions percieved to be the worst in the world ? 
   oh what the fuck . 
  what did they expect ? 
  would you think its a good idea to go into a ghetto with a big ass film crew , an openly racist political figure , ask fucking retarded questions and then proceed to film the local dealers when they repeatly tell them not to ? 
  is n't this victim-blaming ? 
  well , yeah , that 's the entire point of this whole discussion in the first place . 
  how is it not true ? 
   because the material needs of the child trump the father 's feefees . 
  i disagree . 
  if the father legally gives up his parental responsibilities then he is under no obligation to support the material needs of the child . 
   well , that 's one way to get out of paying child support . 
  let me know if i can be of any assistance . 
  thanks , if i ever need help going through with it i know who to call . 
  so what ? 
  the father obviously does n't care about the kid if he 's still there , so why should he pay money for it ? 
  tough luck for the kid but the real world sucks . 
  i 'd never pay child support if i discovered i had a kid out there that i want nothing to do with . 
  i 'd sooner kill myself . 
  so the only way to make it fair is to ensure that the man can get rid of their parental responsibilities the same as a woman can due to getting an abortion . 
  either way for a man or woman - the kid is no longer in their life . 
  if he does n't want to be a father , great , he gains nothing from it and should n't have anything to do with the kids life . 
  it 's not his problem any more - it 's the woman who wants to keep the kid , or the adoption services . 
  in the real world we do n't have to force people to pay for pure accidents out of spite . 
  show a bit of leniency . 
  women get an abortion = no kid to look after and be forced to support . 
  men get a ` paper abortion ' / ` legal abortion ' = no kid to look after and be forced to support . 
  instead the kid is just raised by the mother / sent into adoption services / etc. 
  why force men to pay for a mistake they never wanted in the first place ? 
  well , exactly , end result is the same as far as the responsibilities go . 
   this is not currently available to women . 
  well , they do have abortion which waives all legal responsibility to them . 
  but women should have it too - the same as men - so that if a woman wanted to complete the pregnancy but not raise the child the father can do it . 
   unfortunately children need money and attention . 
  so giving fathers that right would hurt the respective child . 
  not a fair either . 
  that 's perfectly fair for the father though , so that 's fine with me . 
   if we were to allow men , and only men , to legally abandon a child in this manner , it would constitute unequal treatment . 
  how is it unequal ? 
   is n't britain the best country on earth ? 
  yup , sure sounds like it . 
   we ca n't just decide to use the territory of a foreign country to establish camps . 
  err , yes , we can . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  declare a war with the european union ? 
  your points are well-made . 
  whatever ends up happening with the current refugee crisis , it feels like it is n't going to matter in the long-term and sets a precedent of encouraging even more people around the world to go to europe for a better life . 
  there are hundreds of millions of people in africa . 
  how many of them are eventually going to flee to europe ? 
  how many can europe take ? 
  and what is stopping them from doing this already and becoming criminals ? 
  they should n't be let into the country in the first place , but how else would you deal with them once they 're in the country ? 
  does it matter if they 're hostile or not if we 're sending them away ? 
  okay then , do n't try to cover the border with 100 % efficiency . 
  wait for them to come to us with requests for housing / benefits / refugee-status and then we send them away . 
  no more refugees sounds like a good one . 
  we do n't have any obligation to help any of them . 
  yes , that is the ideal solution . 
  if things went really well they 'd all decide to stop having children and the whole mess will be sorted out in a few generations . 
  nice generalization . 
  i 'd be fine with northern ireland rejoining ireland so long as ireland joined the united kingdom . 
   how is this good , it 's taking away people 's right to religious freedom people are free to believe however they want , that does n't mean they can do anything with the justification of ` religious freedom ' . 
  that does n't mean the slippery slope is bad though . 
  harold . 
  islam is n't the most progressive of cultures . 
  it 's true that every culture has its flaws , but it is also true that islam seems to have a lot more flaws when compared to western cultures . 
   let people live their lives as they see fit , within the boundaries of the law and good taste . 
  live and let live . 
  you can detest islam like me and still believe that is the right course of action . 
  well , that 's one practice of anti-theism which is to take no overt action against religion and just disapprove of it , which i totally get . 
  that is definitely the nicest approach to it . 
  at the same time however i ca n't help but feel too strongly about religions in general - not against particular worshippers or believers - just against the religion itself and its symbols . 
  this is the main viewpoint i agree with . 
  as an anti-theist , something that goes against islam like this is just fine with me . 
  that seems a little bit like an exagerration . 
  what did reddit have to do with this ? 
  yes , and that 's one of the unfortunate things about this situation . 
   at least you will know what their country of origin is since they 're not telling us . 
  what makes you think they will tell the british government ? 
   even if you deny asylum to every single one of them , they still need to be processed and denied individually and the question is after that where do you deport them too ? 
  the furthest away piece of uninhabited land should do . 
  there is no war over there , so nothing for them to seriously complain about . 
  barring that , if there is nowhere else to send them , lock them up in prison until they want to claim asylum in france instead . 
  i do n't have sympathy for illegal immigrants who use the excuse of escaping war when they 're already in a safe country . 
  britain should not be under any obligation to accept them in the first place . 
  they 're already in a safe country . 
  yeah , and britain should send them straight back to france . 
  britain should send them straight back . 
  then it becomes a game of pass the parcel . 
  yes , but how long would those illegal immigrants like to live in prison ? 
  at that point it is their problem now . 
  fuck that , britain should not have to deal with them . 
  they 're already in a safe county now , anything else is pure greed . 
  solitary confinement then . 
  not a lot of chance to be preaching there, 
  unless the property was stolen or acquired by other illegal means , why should that matter ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the contents of the british museum are on display to the public . 
  then it is theft of private property , which i 'm sure everyone agrees is a serious crime . 
  saying that other religions are just as bad does not actually minimise the problems of islam ... 
  allowed by whom ? 
  nato ?
