  as soon as i try to bring up the task manager , it just freezes and nothing can be done , i have to hold the power button to turn the laptop off . 
  when i follow a playlist on spotify , the only way to see how far in it i have listened was to write it down somewhere . 
  in gm i can see the counter of plays . 
  therefore i can say that song that has 1 play has been listened to , so i can move on in the playlist . 
  started happening to me yesterday . 
  when i select a gun the character starts aiming and i ca n't do anything about it . 
  if i select empty hands it stops . 
  is it a bug or something in settings ? 
  what might cause this ? 
  it keeps loading a song for some time , then jumps to another and does the same thing . 
  i am not using any other devices with gm and every other browser works fine . 
  does n't matter if i begin couple of weeks or days before the test , the feeling is the same . 
  i am unable to make myself to study because the stress is at least bearable when i do n't know . 
  as soon as i start going through all the requirements i get incredibly stressed . 
  1-2 hours into studying i suddenly am fine but before , the block is always there . 
  this causes me a lot of problems . 
  today i spent 10:00 - 17:45 ( now ) thinking about how i need to start studying , but ca n't force myself to do it . 
  just sitting at my laptop browsing internet for no reason thinking how i 'm fucking up my life . 
  ca n't play videogames , watch tv or go outside because it all feels like wasting my time when i should be studying . 
  but sitting at my computer and browsing the internet pointlessly does n't . 
  and there 's nothing to stop me because everybody is convinced i 'm a great student . 
  i 've had several of these crises before but it always works out extremely well in my favour . 
  i just wish something happened that would make me `` wake up '' and realize how fucked i am . 
  because finishing high school with straight a 's is not gon na do it ( closest equivalent i could think of , i 'm not an american ) . 
  ever since i can remember i 've always done this - constant thinking about random stuff . 
  i ca n't have a longer conversation without fading away with my thoughts to a completely irrelevant topic . 
  i ca n't pay attention in class because random thoughts keep popping up in my head . 
  studying means realizing every 5 minutes or so that i stopped paying attention to what i was reading . 
  i have no idea how to stop this and it 's really annoying . 
  i have imaginary conversations , speeches , arguments . 
  if i have 3 hours to refresh my memory for a test ( like now ) , only about 30 minutes is used for actual studying . 
  anyone else have this ? 
  maybe you could share some advice ? 
  edit : oh yeah , and falling asleep is a matter of its own . 
  in silence it takes me approximately 30-60 minutes to fall asleep , sometimes longer . 
  it helps to put headphones in my ears and listen to some podcast or something , helps to keep my thoughts sorted a little bit ( usually i try to keep my thoughts in line with the topic of the conversation so it 's less random and i fall asleep easier ) . 
  is there any way i could install a big game ( heartstone specifically ) without relying on play ? 
  it just fails mid download due to slow and unstable internet . 
  before lollipop it sounded bad . 
  now it 's quieter and terrible . 
  xloud nowhere to be found . 
  never been near water . 
  do you have any tips ? 
  they literally promised a replacement and now they just removed collections without a replacement ? 
  i guess the only thing i can do is to spam their nonexistent support ? 
  even now when i successfully transferred all of my playlists and albums . 
  even after i uploaded all the music that was n't available . 
  i just feel this need to at least check spotify from time to time . 
  usually it 's because gm disappoints me with some minor annoyance that was n't a problem with spotify . 
  the non-existing sorting options come to mind ( in the phone app ) . 
  no list view option . 
  spotify is * everywhere * . 
  under every musical article , in every musical subreddit there are spotify playlists . 
  i wish google improved the phone app , because it 's so hard to navigate when you have lots of playlists that used to be sorted in folders ... 
  but i just can not go back . 
  spotify disappointed me in so many ways . 
  phone app full of bugs , desktop program with terrible redesign and loss of many useful features . 
  no way to comfortably add and manage unavailable music . 
  dark theme that just seems so ... depressing . 
  oh well , let 's just hope google keeps updating their service with useful features . 
  luckily their redesign was n't that bad , it just lags in every browser except * opera * . 
  today i found out my country ( czech republic ) requires transgender people to be sterilized . 
  also , i hear it 's almost impossible to get an official approval for transition when you 're already a parent , suffer from a mental illness and if you have a criminal record , you actually have * no * chance whatsoever . 
  how fucked up is that ? 
  i had no idea i live in such a backward country ... 
  so this just happened to me . 
  i hear the doorbell , thinking it 's another false alarm since it 's been going off by itself for some time now . 
  i look out of the window and to my surprise , there 's somebody standing behind our fence . 
  i * run * out since he 's already been waiting for some time and keeps ringing the bell . 
  please note that i just got out of bed , my hair is messy , face covered with the regular morning dose of [ seborrhea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seborrhoeic_dermatitis ) and generally stinky . 
  i get to the gate and immediately recognize him - it 's my dad 's colleague from germany . 
  i last saw him years ago , when i still knew * some * german . 
  now , i know almost [ nothing ] ( http://canadaheliandcatski.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/white_snow.jpg ) . 
  he asks me where my dad is ( understanding is different than being able to speak the language ) and i just can not find words to answer him . 
  i just stare and stutter something inaudible . 
  he then answers himself that dad 's probably at work , i kinda nod and he leaves . 
  i have been running around the house and playing loud music to get rid of the ridiculous amount of embarrassment . 
  i feel like i 'm expected to know german since my dad does and i live like 20km from germany , but ... 
  i just hope it does n't turn out dad is in at work somewhere else , that would be super embarrassing . 
  edit : i forgot to add i shook his hand * over the fence * and looked at him over it too . 
  soooo , how do you usually deal with something like this ? 
  or what are some of your embarrassing stories ? 
  i need to distract myself with others ' misfortunes . 
  this is what i do and i hope i 'm doing it right :, 
  i want to add the last rammstein album to my library , but there 's only the regular version , i have the deluxe one . 
  so i tag the bonus songs to act like a second disk , drag and drop into my music , it shows up as the second disc and starts uploading to icloud . 
  after it finishes upload ( has n't happened yet ) i can stream it just like any other song on apple music ? 
  i like reading subreddits that often share and discuss bigoted ideas . 
  the only i can think of right now is / r/catholic . 
  please no subs like coontown or fatpeoplehate and such , those are/were purely hateful . 
  what i want are subreddits that may seem ok on the first glance , but after some reading you start uncovering the bigotry . 
  other than marking themselves as petty , screaming children ? 
  i am a windows user with no apple device . 
  i just love the chemistry they have . 
  this is the perfect prototype of what a father-son relationship is supposed to be . 
  what do you think ? 
  when the music is paused and i click next , the track does n't start automatically playing !, 
  i know it may make sense to some but literally every other service i tried starts playing . 
  why is it annoying ? 
  i click next and go browse internet or play a game .
