  [ sips ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/yogscastsips ) 's garry 's mod videos are awesome . 
  yeah , sometimes i feel like i 'm the only one who just does n't mind what people wear or if they wear anything at all . 
  why the fuck would i care ? 
  i would love to wear comfortable clothes all the time , but there 's always some `` occasion '' , that needs a special costume and i hate it . 
  great , now i need to find out how to become the only person on this planet . 
  buy/download [ cards against humanity ] ( http://cardsagainsthumanity.com/ ) !, 
  i wish i had someone to play it with but none of my friends understands english enough to play it . 
  do n't . 
  they trust you and wo n't understand it 's a prank . 
  well we do n't want terrorists to fly cars into buildings , do we ? 
  the nagasaki or hiroshima bomb . 
  just shuffle it and let one city have a free rubber chicken . 
  saves the day . 
  i would n't . 
  i want my atheist dream to live on . 
  * gets robbed more . 
  love this country . 
  grab a gun and start shooting looters . 
  do n't . 
  sounds like german combined with chinese . 
  love it . 
  did you get a blowjob from a dog ? 
  yeah i have them too , it 's great . 
  well it should n't . 
  gaben season approachin ' , fuck whatever y' all been buyin ' !, 
  if i 'm ever getting a tattoo , this is exactly the type i 'd want . 
  that must be terrible having movies/shows censored on tv . 
  i still remember watching south park uncensored on tv , i just ca n't imagine it being censored !, 
  what i want from the radio :, 
  * do n't play songs i rated, 
  * do n't play songs i have in my playlists, 
  until i can have this , there 's no way i 'm using it . 
  luckily , combination of browse , discover , cubic.fm , last.fm and playlists.net gives me enough opportunities to find new music . 
  i watched the show first and now started reading the books and i must say , that was a great decision . 
  now i know all the plot twists and i can focus on the details the books have to offer . 
  usually when i read a book for the first time , i tend to read very quickly to find out what happens next and i do n't pay attention to the details . 
  now i know what happens and it gives me a chance to enjoy the books even more . 
  also , it took me about a third of the book to start really enjoying it so keep that in mind if you do n't find the books interesting in the beginning . 
  it just says he does n't recommend it . 
  i love listening to nicki minaj 's music but definitely would n't recommend . 
  this is one of the best collections i have ever seen !, 
  i 'm on a phone and this looks like a cat . 
  it took me almost a year to watch the first part . 
  10 minutes and i was bored . 
  where do you live that you expect children to work ? 
  what helped a little was to change the computer resolution to 1024x768 ... the game lags but at least is a little bit playable . 
  it 's good enough for kids . 
  they ca n't tell the difference between these and real headphones . 
  new vegas is better optimized and is actually better in every way than fallout 3 . 
  the wide wallpapers are awesome , i just wish i had a monitor that could fit them properly ... 
  my family is the exact opposite and i hate it . 
  i want to eat in silence , but they all want to talk or watch tv . 
  it 's so annoying and i just usually take my meal to my room . 
  my parents are like this . 
  what annoys me the most is that they just ca n't go on vacation by themselves and leave me at home ( i 'm 19 ) . 
  they get incredibly mad every time i mention it . 
  wow , i actually think i will like this show . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i ca n't remember anything before the age of 7 . 
  every time i think i have a memory before that , it ends up being something i saw in a family video . 
  for some reason i expected 60fps gif and i waited far too long ... 
  i was afraid this will happen to me when i was watching it , but as always i forgot about it few days later . 
  the article makes it sound like it 's a bad thing . 
  why should i care that my music taste is changing ? 
  if i like the music , what 's the problem ? 
  i would recommend you to do this - sometimes try to listen to music that you did n't like , say , half a year ago . 
  you might find out that suddenly you like it !, 
  happened to me with yeezus . 
  i am guilty of this . 
  and i do n't really know why i 'm so impatient to listen to the whole song . 
  i realized this recently when i checked my last.fm account . 
  it scrobbles only about a third of the times i listen to a song because i often skip before it reaches 50 % . 
  some people ( like me ) are just too picky when it comes to music . 
  my `` music mood '' changes a lot throughout the day . 
  i did this when i was a kid . 
  i would listen to fairy tales and i could n't fall asleep without it . 
  now i listen to podcasts . 
  maybe it 's just a tree fiddy reference . 
  my excuse is that they 're not available officially in my language . 
  most of my ebooks exist because people scanned and edited them . 
  the purge . 
  the plot is the most disturbing thing i can think of . 
  it terrifies me . 
  i 've never heard this one . 
  but the seeds are the reason why i hate watermelon . 
  whenever my parents buy one , it has seeds in it . 
  i did n't even know there are seedless ones . 
  i can bend my [ thumb ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gjpaypu.jpg?1 ) in almost a right angle . 
  really useful when choosing a floor number in an elevator . 
  basically all the poetry . 
  i do n't understand how i 'm supposed to enjoy it . 
  yes , poetry is great when read by an experienced reader , but what am i supposed to do with it ? 
  our music teacher wanted us to bring our own songs and analyze the lyrics . 
  i brought a song about drinking , vomiting , pissing and stuff like that . 
  she still made the whole class `` decompose '' the lyrics . 
  6th grade was fun . 
  nope , but i am pretty overweight right now so my palms are a bit chubby . 
  who knows what could the skinny person trapped inside of me do . 
  i wish . 
  [ battlefield earth ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0185183/combined ) .
