  reminded me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0tfejug7y0 ) . 
  dumb bitch with a camera has a dumb bitch on camera . 
  you mean plus ten poins for not being an asshole, 
  this is fucking ridiculous . 
  i was planning on waiting to start paying after the android app release and luckily paid anyway . 
  i could have lost all my saved music ? 
  i spent so much time transferring from other services !, 
  this is insane . 
  we 're all just waiting for you to comment on stuff that does n't interest you . 
  i am on windows 10 and using the official last.fm app and it works . 
  i 'd say less , because by missing out the lyrics most of the time it depends entirely on how it sounds . 
  that 's why i was n't able to enjoy tpab . 
  even with lyrics i was n't able to understand . 
  you win , this is the contribution of the week . 
  i like regular reality tv , it 's fun . 
  yeah , it was clear to me the documentary was going to be anti-muslim . 
  this is that kind of shit that makes headlines for weeks in most countries . 
  it 's funny how everybody thinks this is petty , but if it was a video of honking at a left lane hogger nobody would complain . 
  probably is n't a fucking cunt . 
  yep , and this sub is ready to suck his dick for it . 
  yep , it 's the same for me . 
  also , i have no idea how the caching works , but from my experience it 's completely random . 
  sometimes a song i 've only played once starts playing immediately because it 's cached , but a song i listen to daily has to be streamed every single time . 
  i think he was pretty spot on . 
  it was a traumatic and overall terrible experience even though i was accepted . 
  now i 'm glad i did it but i remember feeling terrible . 
  it probably was just the adrenaline rush but it 's still a bad memory . 
  why would you honk at a guy who was obviously just making a turn ? 
  he did not appear out of nowhere , you can clearly see he 's turning from the street on the right . 
  he did not pull in front of him , he was already making the turn when cammer approached . 
  you should try your best to drop that reflex of honking at people . 
  he started turning way before the cammer arrived . 
  if your first instinct to someone doing a non-dangerous maneuver is to honk , you need to get off the road . 
  why is there even police on campus ? 
  ridiculous . 
  this thread makes it seem there 's a salt flooding . 
  no , police should n't be on campus . 
  because just the idea is completely insane . 
  if you think being stuck behind a left lane hogger justifies tailgating this is what you get . 
  what kind of a fucked up country has theft and vandalism common on campus ? 
  what kind of animals live there ? 
  i feel sorry for you if you have to live in such an enviroment . 
  he ca n't pass if the cammer is doing the speed limit . 
  you just copy and paste this in every thread . 
  you just prove that irrespensible people are more likely to get a strong breed of dog . 
  that 's all this proves . 
  that 's what i said . 
  they are actually kinda likable . 
  i started watching their shows chronologically . 
  now i 'm in the middle of khlo\u00e9 and lamar season two . 
  i think the spin offs are a bit boring , but i still watch them to `` keep up '' . 
  yeah , me neither . 
  what i do n't like is when someone expects me to talk while eating . 
  my dad always starts a conversation during meals and i 'm just sitting there thinking `` why ca n't we just eat the food in silence ? 
  i ca n't hate someone who 's so goddamn cute . 
  either this happens regularly around the world or it 's made up . 
  or both . 
  i have seen this story so many times in so many forms . 
  funny , i thought the exact opposite when i was younger . 
  girls were always considered smarter and more responsible . 
  you would like it here in the czech republic . 
  we have a massive problem with children drinking without anyone checking their id . 
  no , you post it and then delete it later . 
  that explains the karma on your account , / u/i-delete-my - posts . 
  i used to like her , but now i like kourtney the most . 
  she may be the `` ice queen '' but she 's usually the most level-headed and reasonable ( except that scott fiasco , she should 've left him right there and then ) . 
  what 's so surprising about not knowing a mediocre movie reference ? 
  they are not a know aggressive breed . 
  they are known to be bred and owned by aggressive people . 
  sorry , i often forget that there are mostly americans on this site . 
  probably should 've said northern american then ? 
  i just wanted to point out that this movie is virtually unknown outside the former european colonies . 
  exactly . 
  not even 2 years old phone . 
  i agree , nobody should play a policeman . 
  i also think you 're not supposed to speed . 
  so there really is n't a problem with what the cammer did , since he did n't stop the car from going the speed limit . 
  he ca n't block him if he 's going the same speed . 
   role model for preventing speeding, 
  your words , not mine . 
  also , if you think speedometers are not precise , do you just regularly speed because in your head this justifies it ? 
  and rape their children with a knife . 
  why are there more than two lanes anyway ? 
  if one is for driving and the second for overtaking , what 's the third for ? 
  overtaking those who are overtaking ? 
  licensing . 
  i 'm in the czech republic and can access the album . 
  i do . 
  it 's my favourite type of comedy . 
  for me it 's one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen . 
  love it . 
  it 's basically a vegan propaganda and noah is a terrible person in the movie . 
  i do n't know about the book but in the movie he 's an asshole . 
  i agree . 
  i did n't really like anything he put out after mmlp2 but this sounds good . 
  it 's not ` your hobby ' anymore . 
  this can be applied to the refugee crisis as well . 
  not only there are non profit organizations but also independent helpers who decided to help without any official support . 
  i hope everyone who thinks driving a car under the influence of drugs is fine watches this . 
  yeah , two idiots for one video is just enough .
