  it stops them from getting worse too . 
  i realized that my weight loss was pointless because i will never be satisfied with my body so i just decided to give up on trying to look better . 
  so far nothing has changed in my life so i guess it 's working out just fine . 
  thank you !, 
  this is so great . 
  best motivation to pay to remove ads , 
  suicide is the answer for the person suffering . 
  it ends all the suffering forever . 
  voting for nader was not wrong and his voters did not cause bush to be president . 
  i think it 's pretty clear from my post that i mean all the suffering for that person . 
  if your life is unbearable there is no reason to think of others and their selfish needs . 
  that 's slavery . 
  you do n't have to live just because someone is cruel enough to make it about them . 
  i feel like you 're obsessed with making suicidal people feel bad for their choices . 
  leave them alone . 
  no , you 're trying to make them think that their decision is wrong because it makes people around them feel bad . 
  you 're talking about suicidal people like they ca n't make a decision by themselves . 
  you talk about suicidal people like there is something wrong with them . 
  i disagree with that . 
  no , it 's perfectly ok to want to end your life and we should not automatically attribute it to some disease . 
  stop victimizing suicidal people . 
  dae think i 'm better than others because of how i feel ? 
  it does . 
  it 's not merkel 's fault . 
  i hope you did n't drive . 
  because they are like you . 
  it 's funny to what lengths some parents go to justify lying to their kids . 
  the last thing we need is to have people using their phone while driving . 
  that looks disgustingly hard to eat . 
  as someone with social anxiety i actually ca n't see myself doing this . 
  ideally . 
  i thought of this right when i read about it . 
  some guy chases the terrorist ? 
  what if he just went after the first non-white person he saw ? 
  i guess i was right . 
  do n't bother with threads like this , let the racists circlejerk in their own threads and use it to identify them and tag them using res . 
  just because he 's blind does n't mean he 's stupid . 
  you actually have to specifically make your photo available to the imgur community , not sure what op was thinking . 
  good point . 
  good point . 
  the same goes for comments like this . 
  thanks for reminding me to install facebook . 
  this feature seems useful . 
  `` do you hate yourself and want others to feel like you ? '', 
  is bigger than league of legends ? 
  op you 're a meninist are n't you ? 
  just it being posted here is ridiculous . 
  there are far to many men here who mentally masturbate to the thought of a `` pussy pass denied '' . 
  this manliness you speak of is dumb . 
  it 's not something we should have boys to aspire to . 
  so ... gay guys should join the girls scouts ? 
  oh , i forgot , fags are n't even allowed to join . 
  ca n't stand sharing a room with him , sometimes talking with him is nice . 
  we do n't have that much in common . 
  they act like that because of their insecure fathers . 
  [ joey mills ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/czwvqtfxuaidvqw.jpg ), 
  sure you do n't , 
  now we see the true you , 
  what hand ? 
  you 're trolling . 
  oh yes , what would we do without men ? 
  we are everything !!!, 
  yes , it 's also how i want to look ( if i 'll have the willpower ) . 
  [ i put the same effort in my comment as you did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/source_\\ ( game_engine \\ ) ), 
  you 're one of them . 
  it 's a bit selfish to have children knowing you will rely on them . 
  i say we should only have children if we know we will be able to take care of ourselves . 
  are there really modders like that ? 
  from my experience they only give money . 
  works but not flawlessly . 
  basically any site that detects ad blocking will successfully stop you from accessing it . 
  reminds me of the famous video . 
  i have tried those but they do n't work for the websites i visit . 
  i mean , how come we do n't know ? 
  are you telling me that nobody during the history of humanity tried to fuck a monkey ? 
  zoofilia is a thing . 
  some of us do n't have crooked enough teeth to have food rooting in between them . 
  still just an opinion . 
  honestly , this looked promising . 
  up until that fuck punched the kid in the throat . 
  i do n't want to watch a show that shows bullies getting away with something like that . 
  fuck this shit . 
  he 's the reason why i wo n't watch this show . 
  * the top pulling out before he cums, 
  * the top pulling out before he cums and then masturbating for several minutes until he cums ( the price i pay for being into russians ), 
  * when everything is way too `` perfect '' ( ca n't watch anything from hs anymore ), 
  * sudden and unexpected pissing at the end ( sometimes in czech porn ), 
  also if a question like `` do you like that dick ? '', 
  is asked . 
  bitch , what the fuck do you expect the other guy to say ? 
  `` no , but , uh ... 
  i 'm paid to do this so ... '', 
  great work !, 
  although if i were you i would have stopped and tried to maintain before i reached june . 
  i 'm gay but it 's the same for both genders . 
  i think it 's because in my eyes attractiveness is equal to confidence so i expect attractive people to be intimidating ( and they really do feel intimidating ) . 
  i relate to this so much . 
  i used to travel by train a lot in the past and i always sat next to old people because my peers make me nervous . 
  i think it 's because i expect older people to be reasonable and know better than to laugh at me .
