  i wrote to support , hopefully they will explain what the problem is . 
  the first one is a completely legit question . 
  jesus fuck this thread is crazy . 
  him being bisexual does n't change anything . 
  anyone who reacts this way to bisexuality obviously has a problem with bisexual people . 
  you partner being bisexual does n't affect you in any way . 
  exactly . 
  i still have my z1 compact and if they continue like this , my next phone will be maybe the z10 . 
  which one do you have ? 
  i have the z1c and i 've never been in a situation to need more than 80 % of the volume . 
  i have earbuds , around-the-ear ones and used to have on-ear headphones , all fine and dandy . 
  do n't you use some cheap ones ? 
  ok then , i guess i 'm lucky my warranty is still a thing . 
  i know it sounds weird but covering it muffles the sound , covering the bottom speaker does n't . 
  the phone is overall quieter compared to others and the sound is very distorted . 
  i know it 's a bigger phone , but my brother 's z1 is like 5x louder and not distorted at all . 
  sd maid , link2sd , titanium backup , any kairosoft game , today calendar , iride ui , any reddit app , spiritt . 
  then do n't consume drugs or buy a tester . 
  exactly , if people want to use drugs they should know how it affects them . 
  we learned this at school ffs . 
  how about you stop asking stupid questions you know answers to ? 
  i use it only to store my passwords , not to have them protected or anything . 
  i started using it before i knew you can sync the passwords saved in chrome . 
  now i 'm just used to it so i keep using it . 
  same here . 
  i would actually love to be able to move to spotify but until they let me upload missing music i 'm staying . 
  it definitely is . 
  i still have my z1c , my brother has the z1 and we 're both loving it . 
  the z3 is just a better version of these . 
  i used to have problems with overheating but it got better with marshmallow . 
   i grew up watching a disfunctional relationship, 
  this describes my experience perfectly . 
  except i did n't notice the disfunctionallity until i was like 15 . 
  at the time it felt like they started arguing , but from what i 'm hearing from them now they probably just started arguing in front of us instead of in privacy . 
  looks amazing . 
  animals . 
  i 've been studying since monday ... and the reason why i 'm memorizing it is because that 's the only way i can remember at least something . 
  it 's 100k now btw . 
  i never did . 
  i 'm stuck at electrical engineering hating every single bit of it . 
  but people say the pay 's good so who cares . 
  i have to do something . 
  i hate to be the one to say it but you 're probably colorblind . 
  it 's stupid to not have your headlights on anyway . 
  that 's why it 's the law in civilised countries . 
  peeing is so gay . 
  except they get the most coverage . 
  not bad for hitler worshipers . 
  i do something similar except i do n't use an alt account . 
  i bitch , wait for responses , and if i do n't like the responses i just delete the post . 
  yeah it feels so good . 
  it 's like all the negative emotions get out of you and you can finally think clearly . 
  i wish i could do it more often but i still share my room either with my roommate or my brother so i ca n't do it most of the time . 
  it amazes me that a person that went through all that shit did n't go crazy , while i 'm sitting here feeling like my life will be completely fucked up forever because of my inability to study . 
  this is so fucked up . 
  i imagine this is routinely used to dismiss anything a patient says and makes him think that no matter what he feels it 's wrong and completely his fault . 
  i was considering seeing a psychologist but after this i doubt i ever will . 
  ah , the comments are pure gold as usual . 
  based on the title , i 'm not sure if i 'm supposed to post dick pics or not . 
  another good alternative is an app called [ play music exporter ] ( https://www.david-schulte.de/en/play-music-exporter/ ) - it 's free and the difference is that you have to download the music in the gm app first , then you can export it as mp3s . 
  it does require root . 
  there is a [ beta version ] ( https://www.david-schulte.de/en/2015/11/play-music-exporter-marshmallow-update/ ) with 6.0 support . 
  i wonder how these social justice channels are so much popular here , considering how many people here dislike social justice . 
  shhh , there was no mention of countries being pathetic . 
  itt : i have experience with this drug which makes my opinion more valuable . 
  what do you mean ? 
  not bathing is way more comfortable than doing it . 
  it 's an extra thing to do . 
  i only bathe because i do n't want to annoy other people , not because i want to . 
  how is this ? 
  it 's always so cute how you guys try to start an argument , usually with that copypasta of yours . 
  keep trying , does n't change the fact you 're wrong . 
  what ? 
  i thought the joke was that she did n't argue and just said it the way she wanted . 
  the guy was dragged away because he was visibly angry ( so he probably argued ) . 
  no , i usually run outside naked until i 'm dry . 
  honestly , it scares the shit out of me . 
  maybe it 's just the fact that i live in an eastern european country that has a higher chance of bad stuff happening ( example - current situation in poland ) . 
  it 's because our far right is openly against lgbt rights , racial and ethnic minorities , eu and the us , whereas far right in the more civilized countries ( uk , germany , france ) at least tries to pretend they are n't complete nutjobs . 
  i could n't think of anything that would make me leave this sub , but after reading your comment , it would probably be a situation where people like you become moderators and start promoting their views and censoring those who disagree with them . 
  what i like about this sub is that it is mostly positive and moaning about pc culture is one of those things that make it the same cesspool as the rest of this site . 
  thank you for this inspiring post !, 
  i just have to wait until my rommate is out so i can try the dancing naked stuff . 
  i still hope there will be some intervention by the eu but who knows ... if it intervenes the nationalists from the member states will scream their lungs out , and if it does n't poland might be fucked for a long time . 
  you probably heard this one, 
   how many kaczy\u0144skis died at smolensk ? 
  not enough . 
  i wish i could see these too ... 
  yep , and for those of us who ca n't see the curated playlists or the radio stations , this sucks even more because we did n't get any replacement . 
  except he participates here so ... 
  i wish there were fraternities and student clubs/organizations here like you guys in the us have . 
  there is nothing here , the only things are some places that call themselves `` student clubs '' but those are just pubs with younger customers . 
  no way to get to know anyone there unless you already know someone . 
  others are telling you to participate but sometimes there just are n't any ways to do it . 
  it seems like everybody already has a group of friends and trying to get to know them feels like you 're intruding . 
  i barely leave my room because i just do n't have any friends except those who came with me from high school and most of them ended their studies . 
  hopefully it will work out better for you . 
  believe me i tried , i spent so much time googling some organizations , groups , meetups , anything but i only found some sports meetups ( not good at sports , plus they hang out like 3 times a year ) . 
  i tried searching for anything lgbt but there are just some bars and i would feel extremely intimidated there . 
   i do n't have a problem with vaginas ...
