  or maybe they do and no one cares ? 
  why does he have to touch the discs like that ... 
  i have the same issue . 
  i thought everyone was pranking me with fake gifs . 
  mistakes are all honest . 
  dishonest mistake would be an intention . 
  i think he was embarrassed and this was his way of coping with that feeling . 
  i would definitely not freak out like most of the commenters in this thread . 
  why would anyone even agree to do this stupid shit ... 
  i can understand that . 
  some people like to have the sets built the way they were supposed to be and have them as a decoration . 
  thanks , i 'm still getting used to the different controls . 
  the song does n't get removed though , probably an actual bug this time . 
  is it maybe because you do n't care about the people who are affected by it ? 
  oh watch out , we 've got a badass over here . 
  it 's almost like it 's a first major thing they captured on a camera . 
  one would almost think this does n't happen to everyone at least twice a day . 
  here , have a break . 
  i just did n't understand why she just threw it on the ground in her own home . 
  do smokers do that ? 
  oh fuck off , does this comment have to be in every discussion thread about the show ? 
  too bad you had to succumb to the people who told you your diet was n't healthy . 
  i was never good at sports so i hated them . 
  i 'm still not good at sports but nobody forces me to do them now so i 'm just indifferent . 
  this happened to my mom once - similar light bump . 
  except she still had a trailer hitch on her car . 
  it did not end so well for the person who read ended her . 
  those of us who were n't around to witness that do n't care . 
  it 's your problem you do n't like the word . 
  this post is in no way different from any of the motivational posts in this sub . 
  yet people shit on it . 
  fuck those people . 
  what are those original versions you speak of ? 
  that sucks , but why has n't disney done something about it ? 
  are n't you the one who limits himself ? 
  you know , the reason why those clubs play that kind of music is because it 's the common ground for most people . 
  i do n't think anyone goes to these places to listen to music . 
  it 's just a background noise . 
  at least that would be my guess , i 've never been to a gay bar ... 
   im not being racist against arab people, 
  and everybody would have believed you until you said this . 
  the way people in my country view the united states can be extremely important because it may decide if the country will stay a democracy or become russia 's puppet . 
  bernie can improve the image of the united states for the better . 
  if people see america has a president like him it may stop the rampant anti-americanism . 
  i do n't get why people freak out about this . 
  why do n't we also ban all books describing murder since it 's illegal ? 
  itt : everyone is an expert on the japanese and their culture . 
  most have never visited the country . 
  yep , this guy really wants everyone to hate him . 
  * applause *, 
  that kid is way calmer then i was in my first accident . 
  yep , sounds familiar . 
  i did n't know i needed this in my life . 
  i mean on my wall . 
  i 'm glad there are others who do n't let others and their ` flow of traffic ' bully them into speeding . 
  oh my god i love this . 
  cammer sounds like an idiot . 
  nobody gives a fuck about ending up on youtube because of a stolen parking space . 
  yeah , that 's why i rarely watch czech cammers . 
  i read the comics and thought they decided to change the story in the show . 
  i do n't rememeber anyone in the comics saying that they are all negan . 
  that 's why gullible me is so ashamed now . 
  i do n't tweet but i follow some people :, 
  @kanyewest is the only source of entertainment you will ever need . 
  @theneedledrop for music recommendations . 
  @kianlawley because he 's the hottest guy in the whole fucking world . 
  i also follow a bunch of porn stars , but they mostly just share photos with unattractive producers and company owners . 
  at least he looks good . 
  you assholed . 
  so many salty racists in this thread . 
  one of the problems i have with therapy is that the sessions are too short . 
  an hour at a time is just useless . 
  would n't that make most people say `` fuck it , if i 'm an alcoholic i might as well continue drinking '' ? 
  wow , i did n't know this program could do that . 
  thanks for the tip , it works flawlessly . 
  you did n't read my post . 
  i know it 's not a priority but the android app is horrible for me . 
  lots of bugs and overall weird behavior . 
  i bet you find it creepy even if someone masturbates just imagining their friend . 
  i mentioned in my original post that adding / zip to the url does n't work and only downloads a part of the album , not the whole album . 
  that 's why i did n't understand why you recommended this method to me when i specifically said that it does n't work . 
  drama , horror , scifi/fantasy , over-the-top action and mystery movies . 
  strongly dislike western , comedies and 3d animated movies ( with some exceptions ) . 
  but on how many levels ? 
  just like the other guy - you did n't even read my post . 
  literally the first thing i menation is that the download button never downloads the whole album . 
  nah , it is n't unless you 're a pig . 
  this is one of the reasons why i 'm glad i 'm gay . 
  i 've never heard a guy complain about something like this . 
  stop being so obsessed with the family . 
  they were only in a couple of episodes for a few minutes . 
  innocent bikers blocking multiple lanes . 
  yeah , they are soooo murdered . 
  and it makes you an asshole . 
  good for you . 
  you 're welcome , daddy . 
  i like that song too . 
  i found posts that were years old that mentioned the same problem . 
  i do n't think the imgur staff cares . 
  what 's wrong with it ?
