  i want his tongue in my ass . 
  when i used to travel to school by train i 'd stand on a platform like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/brcdhnz.jpg ) , waiting for the train . 
  it 's so thrilling when the train goes by you literally inches away from you . 
  it made me think how easy it would be to just make one step . 
  whenever i drive on a single lane road , driving fast and a car is in the oncoming lane i get really nervous . 
  no cameos please, 
  at least where i 'm from the official policy is do n't stand there while the train is approaching . 
  it 's not enforced though . 
  that man was absolutely a threat to society . 
  is that lindsay lohan in the back ? 
  the movie honestly looks amazing . 
  i 'd like to add that while you should n't eat placenta , it 's * not * because you find it icky . 
  what the fuck is that title supposed to mean ? 
  sure , let 's be a sexist asshole  i bet if it was a guy you would n't call him a prince . 
  you can clearly see the licence plate does n't say princess . 
  you can clearly see the licence plate does n't say princess . 
  it 's sexist and op clearly thinks women are worse drivers . 
  no need to stop the car in the left lane while operating a camera . 
  how is that related to the comic ? 
  i mean , it happened to me but why mention that here ? 
  seriously ? 
  why inconvenience yourself if the other option allows you to just go about your day quicker ? 
  petty revenge ? 
  you do n't know that . 
  maybe it 's working , may it is n't . 
  it 's infuriating how commonly accepted it is in this sub . 
  i think it 's very unlikely . 
  seeing how slowly they implement changes in the regular android app ... and there still is n't a webplayer . 
  yeah that 's weird as fuck, 
  can you finish the sentence ? 
  just imagine jeremy clarkson instead . 
  or rowan atkinson . 
  oh shit i just realized that gendry and podrick are not the same actor . 
  guys i just realized that gendry and podrick are not the same actor . 
  nah , not good . 
  no , but reading this thread i kept wondering why is everyone mentioning gendry * maybe * returning when i could swear i saw him in winterfell last episode . 
  i 'm really not good at remembering side characters ' names and faces . 
  she wo n't * what * a young nigga ? 
  edit : i guess being a non-native english speaker is something to be downvoted for . 
  i do n't mind people who play loud music in their car because i usually do n't hear it long enough for it to bother me . 
  but people who play it from their phone , especially on public transportation , are downright insufferable . 
  i just want to say there really is n't anything embarrassing about not being able to drive but that 's easy for me to say since i do n't come from a culture where driving is seen as a necessity . 
  i used to hate driving . 
  it took me forever to get comfortable driving . 
  maybe 2-3 years . 
  but now it 's been 4 years and i finally feel ok driving . 
  i still hate parking but that 's about it . 
  so from my experience , it only takes time to get used to it . 
  but hey , at least you do n't have the pressure to be able to drive a manual too !, 
  i 've had my license for 4 years and i only park at places where i do n't have to back up into the parking space . 
  especially here in europe the parking spaces are so small . 
  i loved the book and i usually hate psychological thrillers . 
  why use something else when i 'm used to paint ? 
  i 've used it all my life so i do everything automatically . 
  well this is annoying , i use it a lot . 
  and no , i 'm not going to use your fucking snipping tool . 
  cool , that explained a lot . 
  press prtsc, 
  press win key, 
  select area i want, 
  press ctrl+c, 
  now i can switch to imgur or facebook and press ctrl+v and it 's done, 
  same here , i do n't see your point . 
  oh i do n't do that , i usually just need a portion of the screen sent to my one of my technologically deficient friends . 
  i know what it does and i do n't need this functionality . 
  i just told you it takes me a few seconds to do what i need with paint . 
  i do n't need it done in milliseconds . 
  nah , 1963 still left an aftertaste . 
  i do n't have a problem with it , but i hate the fact that whenever paint is mentioned as a solution for editing screenshots someone has to chime in with the snipping tool . 
  it 's like mentioning your favorite reddit app and the following flood of comments saying `` well i use client x and it 's so much better '' . 
  it 's like an internet law . 
  mention paint , get snipping tool . 
  it must 've been hard traveling across multiple communist countries that guarded their borders . 
  exactly . 
  the best thing about paint is that there is no learning curve . 
  you just know how to use it . 
  steve jobs is dead . 
  that 's the only thing i did n't mind . 
  / r/gatekeeping, 
  damn , this thread is bitter as fuck . 
  it would be a sad world without harry potter . 
  lol they say this about every decent tv show, 
  cool , im glad i do n't have to use the snipping tool when paint is just fine . 
  damn , delirium is definitely my favorite . 
   toyota set to sell long-range, 
  this gave me flashbacks of isis using toyota hilux . 
  [ alt right hook ] ( https://youtu.be/9rh1dhur4ai?t=30 ), 
  ed sheeran collapse pls, 
  phonograph cylinder bois starving too, 
  [ here 's a little remix featuring bill burr i made some time ago . 
  ] ( https://clyp.it/jqos5t1o ), 
  [ big sean - all your bitchy noises ( feat . 
  kanye west & bill burr ) ] ( https://clyp.it/jqos5t1o ), 
  tell me i 'm not the only one who finds this funny . 
  unfortunately , you are mistaken , 
  the 3rd one was just annoying . 
  have you considered apple music ? 
  it 's pretty good . 
  of course , there are some bugs here and there but i find it reliable . 
  if you need any help setting it up or anything feel free to ask .
