  is that your favorite singer ? 
  lol , the jokez , i cantz breath no moar , so fanny, 
  yesterday i cleaned my front page to only feature good subreddits and today i wake up to this ? 
  * sigh ... *, 
  unfortunately , no . 
  the service sometimes just decides that a certain file is in an incorrect format , even when the evidence says otherwise . 
  this looks really good , but do you always sit at your table when you read a book ? 
  reddit offers a chance to have a conversation without commitments . 
  this post was supposed to have one meaning and i thought it would be funny if it had the other one . 
  there 's another one . 
  damn . 
  it 's really not worth it . 
  just stick to one way of living and keep it that way . 
  there are too many distractions and every single one of them requires the same amount of commitment . 
  i hate college . 
  i hate the idea i will have to start working one day to survive . 
  i hate discipline and i hate commitment . 
  i hate the lack of friends but also hate the amount of work i have to put in maintaining a friendship . 
  i hate a lot . 
  fat bitches are my favourite < 3 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ really , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ im ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ gay, 
   ~ ~ self-esteem ~ ~ self of steam, 
  ftfy, 
  why would you learn a language with no future when you already master the superior english language ? 
  i subscribe to / r/duolingo because i use duolingo . 
  is that so weird ? 
  ayyy here am no ? 
  one of the things that makes me want to get an iphone . 
  google now is useless . 
  i just wish it wa n't so expensive here . 
  my prefered 128gb version costs the equivalent of $ 1,078 ... 
  i do n't , i use duolingo to help with learning . 
  i also learn german , but have to do it from english . 
  i 'd much prefer czech -  german over english -  czech . 
  i bet there are more czechs learning german then english speakers learning czech . 
  iphones are almost 2x more expensive in my country than android flagships . 
  i wish i could afford that . 
  that sounds like a gay porn i have n't seen * yet *, 
  well , that 's the price of being gay . 
  one country 's pop culture is not general knowledge . 
  just another ignorant comment . 
  great . 
  that 's what we need . 
  unless victoria says something herself i 'm going to assume the firing was reasonable . 
  interacted with a ghost : 46 %, 
  aware about discrimination : 57 %, 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure it was big in communist countries . 
  even if it was , do you expect everyone in the world to know every song that made it to charts ever ? 
  it still operates do it 's doing just fine . 
  i was talking about my situation . 
  i live in a post-communist country and any import of western culture was very limited . 
  that 's the idea . 
  it 's the same but different . 
  wait . 
  well , move already !, 
  oh shit , it 's only for macs ? 
  damn it feels bad to suddenly be an os minority, 
  maybe it 's my location ? 
  most features do n't work properly in small countries . 
  and it never worked well to play specific songs . 
  it just shuffles a playlist or an artist but never a song . 
  plus i had to disable it to reduce the launcher crashing i 've been experiencing since the lollipop update . 
  thanks for proving their point !, 
  i do n't support muslims or any other religious group . 
  you 're meowing at the wrong human . 
  i do n't know how you got to that conclusion . 
  i did n't read the article , i just agree with the title . 
  there is n't a problem with overpopulation , but with distribution of food . 
  i know , but considering how many bad habits i have , this one seems insignificant . 
  if i have the luck of discovering such video i take it . 
  but how else would i search for a lookalike of someone i know ? 
  it 's already almost impossible to find lookalikes of famous celebrities . 
  wait , do you serious do n't care about their faces or are you just joking ? 
  i do n't have the time to search up every song that ever made it to charts . 
  the problem is not that i have access to it and not using it , it 's someone expecting from me to know everything . 
  i sleep on a one-person-sized bed , so in the middle . 
  you mean those melting people from indiana jones ? 
  embrace it and spread that fat people love !, 
  huh , #straightpornproblems . 
  so glad i do n't have to deal with crack whores . 
  i comment on hateful comments and posts to spread social justice !, 
  there is going to be an update ? 
  so it 's just an online update . 
  because it makes people like you mad and we like people like you mad, 
  ok then, 
  not really i 'm fat and sweating, 
  there are three countries speaking german . 
  and my logic was n't that english is * the only language worth learning * , just that czech language is worthless . 
  do n't be stupid and actually read what i wrote . 
  i wish . 
  now you made me feel bad for wanting those ... 
  i was so exited to see a pair of shoes that does n't make me look like a wannabe designer/homeless . 
  yep , tattoos have ruined so many beautiful bodies . 
  as a gay guy , yes . 
  yes i do . 
  i think you are beautiful . 
  like 9.5 / 10 beautiful . 
  7/10 at least . 
  i would try some different glasses , but no idea what kind . 
  some of us want exactly that . 
  i agree .
