  i have the same problem but only with music i 've uploaded . 
  i have the exact same problem on my android device . 
  very annoying indeed . 
  sorry for the quality , i fucked that up . 
  just like apple did here . 
  the album from the picture is added from the apple music catalogue . 
  but the same happens with music i 've uploaded . 
  i think it 's because the android app is still in beta , but it 's still weird . 
  andy taylor . 
  i do n't have a favourite studio anymore . 
  it used to be helix studios but now all their videos are very boring and repetitive . 
  it is all there , but the problem is probably the beta status of the android app . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure about this but i think this is n't possible . 
  apple music files are encrypted and the service works via cloud . 
  i absolutely hate when an app has this on default . 
  oh , what a terrible person she is . 
  you do n't care either , you 're just riding the wave of hate . 
  yes , because both of them are very boring . 
  yes , the ignorance of some native english speakers is appalling . 
  oh , someone got triggered . 
   judging by all your replies you 're not open for a real conversation, 
  do you know what subreddit this is ? 
  of course someone came up with this bullshit argument . 
  that 's not how this works , no matter how much you jerk off to the idea of it . 
  what do you mean by giant headphones ? 
  i use my headphones because the quality of music is better and noise cancelling can be done without sticking stuff in my ear . 
  no , i 'm just annoyed that i never learned to be a part of it . 
  my roommate does this , but it 's probably because we have lights shining into our room all night . 
  yeah , when we go on family vacations by car it 's 9 hours there and then 9 hours back two weeks later . 
  it 's exhausting . 
  it 's probably just a problem with renewing the contracts . 
  i had the blueprint album become unavailable in apple music too and now it 's back . 
  9 hour drive for me is across several countries . 
  even a one hour drive i take twice a week to my dorm and back home is plenty for the day for me . 
  bikers being assholes , what a surprise . 
  or allowed to live, 
  if they do n't bother to release it for phones from 2014 it will never change . 
  i 'm not going to buy a new phone every two years just to get the latest software . 
  i knew i was gon na find a comment like this . 
  stop lying , it 's not literal tap water . 
  not everyone is obsessed with `` justice '' . 
  i think the people ignoring reddiquette have a problem , not me . 
  none of the brands i drink are mentioned in the article . 
  this does n't prove all bottled water is tap water . 
  and it is n't about all bottled water being tap water . 
  who ? 
  no way , i thought it was about water . 
  i 'm famous now . 
  i 'm surprised no one has called me out on it yet . 
  i do it all the time . 
  and drinking spring water . 
  i hope the next update actually does something and not just fix some unknown bugs . 
  [ lisa lampanelli . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4cbeyaa33i ), 
   well , first of all , porn does not equal reality . 
  at all . 
  ever . 
  yeah , nothing that happens in porn can be replicated in `` real life '' . 
  porn actors are actually aliens . 
  i meant my friends . 
  i do it all the time when i 'm around them . 
  the only networking thing about facebook comparable to other apps are the groups . 
  and they are all sexualized . 
  try lastpass , it 's awesome . 
  the only reason to buy bottled water is the taste . 
  i only drink it when i want to drink just water . 
  i 'm actually moving to apple music because i found out there is no way to notice when something becomes unavailable in google music . 
  it just disappears from the library . 
  it was probably justified . 
  you know what 's the worst about this shit ? 
  as a european i will have my app updated but there will be nothing new . 
  as always with every feature . 
  i would n't mind your input - for example show us why they banned you . 
  still can reply - not late . 
  am just got an update on android and it fixes some bugs . 
  for me yes , but it 's too big for mom . 
  she had a xperia mini pro and says if it was n't so thick it would be ideal size . 
  are you ok ? 
  if you want i can find some suicide hotlines . 
  as i said , i can help you find professional help . 
   everything everything - get to heaven, 
  i recently discovered this and i absolutely love it . 
  did n't expect to listen to a whole `` indie rock '' album . 
  it 's connected wirelessly . 
  ahh , suddenly protesters shutting something down is a good thing ? 
  yep , and even in this thread they ca n't help it . 
  so much `` justified '' hate because of food . 
  the fine bros. 
  they make quality content . 
  typical < any car brand  driver , they 're the worst . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  who the hell masturbates with another person in the room ? 
  he 's either completely stupid or wants to get caught . 
  / r/pcmasterrace, 
  or triggered redditors complaining about fine bros. 
  calm down . 
  he used to be really hot . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  not funny . 
  gm has a 50k cap on your own music , am has a 100k cap on the whole library .
