  now i subscribe to both services , because i love spotify 's functionality , but also gm 's radios and own music upload . 
  are n't radio stations going to be different for everyone as soon as they start voting ? 
  what i ment was that once you start the radio , the uncovering tracks at the end of the stream will be different if you vote on the previous tracks . 
  the radio station changes . 
  only playlists will stay the same for everyone . 
  yes , that is what i like about gm radios . 
  if i start a metal radio , it wo n't start playing techno and hiphop after a while ( like spotify ) . 
  i wish i understood english enough to enjoy this albums . 
  the album is mediocre as a whole but there is n't a song i do n't enjoy . 
  there 's no issue generally . 
  some gay people do n't mind , some do . 
  i suggest you add your idea [ here ] ( https://community.spotify.com/t5/spotify-ideas/idb-p/ideaexchange ) or support it if it already exists . 
  that 's actually great , i wish i thought of that earlier . 
  might do this next year . 
  lee pace is magnificent . 
  it took me a while to realize what your point was . 
  i did n't even know there 's stigma to going alone to the movies . 
  huh , i did n't even know webbed toes were a thing . 
  i would . 
  it sounds exiting , it would be like traveling back in time ( at least for me , my country has a communist past ) . 
  could you rewrite it for a non-english speaker so i could learn the correct phrases ? 
  as a dog owner i have to deal with this as well . 
  people think it 's ok to feed other people 's dogs . 
  it is n't . 
  this is a great idea !, 
  i 'll make sure to spread the word around . 
  just one thing - what happens when a song is played and it 's unavailable in my country ? 
  [ toastify ] ( https://toastify.codeplex.com/ ) for easy custom hotkeys . 
  [ equalify ] ( http://www.equalify.me/ ) for a simple , yet effective equalizer . 
  that might be true for a lot of people , but not everyone . 
  i definitely would n't say i never actively desire any porn actors , it might even be 50/50 . 
  he probably meant ethnicity , not religion . 
  i like to search for old threads and if it 's still possible , i vote and comment . 
  thank you , i will try that . 
  edit : i tried it , but i had to give every channel only about 20 % and the result is almost the same as before . 
  the song becomes echoey . 
  few squares ? 
  if something can be wasted , it 's toilet paper . 
  i usually use more of it for this reason than for the wiping itself . 
  [ here ] ( https://clyp.it/xi3ka5el ) . 
  i uploaded both full songs . 
  it 's just easier to toss there a little more toilet paper than precisely positioning few squares . 
  i would recommend this too . 
  if you do n't mind some missing features and badly designed phone app , this is a good option . 
  i subscribe to both services - gmaa for discovery and uploading unavailable music and spotify for everything else . 
  just pointing out one important thing - youtube music key is us only . 
  in some ways it is but the radio function is terrible . 
  gmaa 's radio is much better . 
  imagine that poweramp equalizer !, 
  i guess that 7 % also includes people who would be fine with registered partnership with the benefits of marriage . 
  yeah , my first thought was also that there must be a certain percentage of people who oppose the concept of marriage itself . 
  i think that support over 90 % , or even 80 % would be completely ok and understandable . 
  me too . 
  i will have to re-watch it to see where the hate is coming from . 
  i hate this so much . 
  uneven sound distribution between channels makes my head hurt . 
  that 's a good question . 
  that 's why there is google music and it 's free feature for uploading your own music to stream . 
  spotify in combination with this is almost a perfect solution . 
  for me it 's the android version . 
  songs stop for a few second , sometimes they stop completely and jump to the beginning of the playlist . 
  and the gmaa is also shit lately , long buffering , not showing all songs across all devices ... 
  the original files have to stay in the same place , you can not move them even after you 've synced them . 
  and of course if they are on an external hdd that might be a problem too if you disconnect it . 
  probably . 
  if you ever lose nerves , try the gmaa 's free functionality of uploading your own music for streaming . 
  it 's seriously easier to use two apps for streaming that do what they 're supposed to , than using one with a nerve wracking sync . 
  what about playlist folders ? 
  do you know about playlist folders ? 
  i love when people do n't know about playlist folders !, 
  please tell me you know nothing about playlist folders !, 
  you use connect on your smartphone as a replacement for hotkeys ? 
  hope not , there 's always [ toastify ] ( https://toastify.codeplex.com/ ) !, 
  it would be great if we could control spotify on desktop with our tablet that would be controled by our tv that would be controled by our phone , which for a change would be controled by the pc . 
  the perfect circle . 
  plus the ps4/3 they just announced . 
  is n't life great ? 
  oh i wish it sucked balls at least . 
  now it just plays the same songs on every station all over again . 
  that first image is so obviously supposed to make you think she has a penis . 
  it 's just part of her weird persona she used ? 
  to be . 
  wow , i 'm probably about to go out to buy some skittles then . 
  k-rose basically introduced me to country music and i love it . 
  was it just a bbq or was music involved ? 
  on desktop you can create playlist folders , in them you can put playlists . 
  when you select a playlist folder with multiple playlists in it you will see songs from all playlists in the folder . 
  google music is free for your uploaded music without ads . 
  spotify is free with ads . 
  so ideal combo is gmaa free and spotify with subscription . 
  it does n't , you only can sync the music to your phone and it has to be saved there , ca n't be streamed , ca n't be directly edited ( id3 tags ) . 
  and if you delete it from your pc or move it it just disappears . 
  the people are the same , they just have more opportunities to voice their opinions . 
  oh yes . 
  if you 're like very gentle and twinky looking and you have a strong accent i 'm hooked . 
  yes , it 's there so people ca n't cheat the service . 
  some used automated solutions to mute spotify when an ad was on so this is how spotify team handled it . 
  yet there still is n't any option to sort all songs from a folder by anything else but the name ( phone app ) . 
  it 's funny how they have to use ` spotify ' in the name of the article , because if they used the rival 's name nobody would recognize it . 
  what ?
