  i sincerely hope despacito stays at no . 
  1 for the rest of the year and then gets dethroned by a new bieber christmas single . 
  trey songz is amazing , definitely give him a listen !, 
  it 's cute how you think you do n't listen to anyone who 's a piece of shit . 
  he gets a pass because he 's a great singer . 
  eminem was replaced by a clone after recovery . 
  i ca n't think of any other explanation why his recent music is so horrible . 
  thank god for res and the ability to hide this quality content . 
  watch your blood pressure honey , you 're pretty aggressive for someone who does n't like violent singers . 
  you 're right , i often get ticked off by that obnoxious title and forget my place . 
  this is such an emotional rollercoaster i can barely breathe . 
  no , it 's extremely dangerous to speed . 
  it 's also illegal to speed . 
  there 's also a sign with the speed limit . 
  still should n't speed . 
  just remember that if a left lane hogger doing the speed limit slows you down , you were also breaking the law . 
  do n't know what makes you think other people should stop breaking the law so you can break the law . 
  my point is you do n't get to criticize others for breaking the law if you 're also breaking a law , but a different one . 
  you are right about that . 
  but it 's still ridiculous to criticize people using the left lane when they are doing the speed limit just because you ca n't speed anymore . 
  even if you 're using the herd mentality excuse , it still does n't justify complaining about someone else breaking the law when you also break the law . 
  ah , i see i hit the nail on the head since you do n't know what to say . 
  absolutely not . 
  speeding is just as bad as any other offense . 
  get over yourself , you clearly break the law often . 
  no , just because someone else is breaking the law does n't mean you can break another . 
  simple . 
  after you stop endangering other people by reckless driving . 
  so never . 
  i know , i ca n't wait for driving by humans to be outlawed . 
  they will lose their shit . 
  are those condom ufos ? 
  i agree but what can you do ? 
  maybe the rest of the album will be good . 
  glad you agree i 'm right !, 
  in every country only assholes honk . 
  godzilla 2 and 3 . 
  the first one is one of my favorite childhood movies . 
  watched it every time it was on tv . 
  i did n't know that !, 
  fuck , i liked that movie . 
  as someone who never played the games , i really enjoyed it . 
  especially when there might be the deluxe version later . 
  cnn is the best . 
  why would i read such specific scientific books ? 
  i do n't get the hate for jewels n ' drugs , it 's such a fun song . 
  i guess the chrisette michele thing ? 
  i mean , there definitely was n't any malicious intent . 
  it gives me the same feeling as michelle rodriguez starring in that unintentionally transphobic movie . 
  i 'm always surprised when the lyrics are something completely different than i thought . 
  used to happen to me more often when i was new to english . 
  you need to seek the souls . 
  hi i 'm a fascist joke can i use you as an anonymous source ? 
  under every dark joke , no matter how dark , there is always a comment like this . 
  shows that no joke is truly dark . 
  and all that just because meat eaters are entitled . 
  good boy, 
  obligatory, 
  / r/nothingeverhappens, 
  and, 
  / r/everythingalwayshappens, 
  i guess it 's because i was n't really feeling artpop and only liked a few songs . 
  [ the assignment ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5034474/ ), 
  how many people do you think live `` tribal life '' in syria ? 
  fireworks should be banned . 
  i guess it 's not a common knowledge in the us . 
  and some jokes are like kim kardashians ' tits . 
  everyone 's seen them a million times before . 
  something tells me this would n't be trending if the cafe was n't vegan . 
  lol what an achievement to be featured on your dad 's song . 
  i mean , the guy you responded to is an idiot but are you fucking serious ? 
  no , it 's the comment i wanted to reply to . 
  yeah , it 's the same as getting a deluxe version . 
  it 's the only song i liked . 
  good work . 
  refugees welcome lol, 
  all the ragout . 
  no , i never said anything about the story itself , i said it 's trending because the cafe is vegan . 
  that 's called `` american upbringing '' in europe . 
  nothing to do with vegans . 
  jay z 's rambling at the beginning of umbrella . 
  why does he wear middle aged woman glasses lmao, 
  fuck i hate horns they 're so obnoxious . 
  you too , with your aggressive honking . 
  i bought it at launch and do n't regret it . 
  played it twice , it does n't suck . 
  he used to make good music and then tried to become dj khaled . 
  not being annoying enough , he failed . 
  outside . 
  it 's one of my all time favorites . 
  plus it has ellie goulding , what 's not to love ? 
  eh , at least he 's listenable . 
  unlike others , like future . 
   kid capri sun, 
  dae pc culture ?!?!?!? 
  really ? 
  what is the plot of the movie ? 
  the guy in saw starts murdering people because something happens to him in the first movie , he was n't a murdered before that . 
  edit : not the first movie but you get what i mean . 
  indiana jones 4,
