  it gives you more options to enjoy your music . 
  with streaming , you are stuck with their ui , apps and bound to listen under their conditions . 
  you also have no assurance that the service will last forever . 
  if it ends , all your music is gone with it . 
  you do n't own the music , you borrow it . 
  i only had the chance to try it on my pc since the android version is n't out yet , but i think i 'm sold . 
  recently i moved from spotify to google music because of the redesign and gm 's better functions . 
  apple music has , as far as i can tell , all the best from both services i want , plus tons of things that are new to me . 
  what am has that spotify did n't :, 
  * upload my own music, 
  * edit metadata, 
  what am has that google music did n't :, 
  * playlist folders, 
  * sort albums by artist, 
  * follow an artist, 
  * every type of album ( clean , explicit , deluxe ) is here once as it should be , not several times in different editions, 
  * can see unavailable music, 
  what am has that none of those two have :, 
  * smart playlists, 
  * live radio, 
  * music videos, 
  * playlists curated by people, 
  * best interface by far, 
  the only thing that i miss is creating a radio station from any song , album , artist or playlist , but that might be added in the future . 
  also adding songs from playlists to my music collection is not ideal , but i can deal with that . 
  i know for some itunes might be overwhelming , but the windows version suits me perfectly . 
  i hope they only add new features and not remove them like their competition . 
  there are muslim refugees dying on the way to europe and no one cares either . 
  all we care about is how to keep them out . 
  well are n't you the cutest . 
  nah , i just do n't like people suffering . 
  besides , i 'm european and i know how difficult the refugees would have it here . 
  there was a protest in my country yesterday , lots of people with fake gallows trees ( is that the right english term ? 
  then you 're blind . 
  muslim countries are taking the most refugees . 
  imagine not knowing english and seeing this comment . 
  thanks , now i ca n't get that cat out of my head . 
  sorry but no . 
  we 're all missing that feature . 
  you 're right but there is still no way to sort songs in the folder view . 
  well , at least you can actually use the folder view since the desktop app does n't let you do that . 
  does apple music app for ios let you sort songs in playlist folder view ? 
  it will always be the case . 
  some albums are on spotify and not on apple music . 
  but there are also albums that are on apple music and not on spotify . 
  if you 're moving from spotify to apple music , you 're obviously finding only those missing on am . 
  that 's still better than spotify 's alphabetical order . 
  manual order is fine by me . 
  it 's not about free speech , it 's about the right to be an asshole to others . 
  we all know that , do n't hide behind free speech . 
  i wonder what john oliver has to say about this . 
  oh wait , reddit does n't like him anymore , nevermind . 
  you could say the same about bullying . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  you ca n't just wish for the assholes to go away . 
  ah , replying to a comment with grammatically incorrect jokes . 
  quite a change from the regular politically incorrect ones . 
   there is virtually zero threat of any escalation to physical violence , out of the thousands of death threats sent daily between strangers i 'd be shocked if one was followed up on a year . 
  pulling `` facts '' out of your ass , i see . 
  online harassment is a real threat for anyone who is n't completely anonymous on the internet . 
  yeah i know . 
  is n't it great that illegal = does n't happen anymore ? 
  you can put playlists in folders . 
  it does help . 
  what it does n't do is eliminate it completely . 
  using the word `` nazi '' as another word for `` bad '' is very childish and you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  it is so comical to see people use this word as the worst insult they can think of . 
  because , you know , anything * nazi * is literally the worst thing in tho world there ever was . 
  pussy disagrees . 
  yeah i 'm fine with that considering what my sources are . 
  have an upvote for funny patriotism . 
  yeah , i 'll just wish for the bully to go away and they will . 
  'cause that 's how it works . 
  just like a prayer . 
  i literally did n't . 
  we disagree on what is harmless . 
  done . 
  now i 'm drowning in my sorrow . 
  i was bullied in high school . 
  the guy kept throwing things in my face , punched me in the gut and yelled at me whenever he saw me . 
  i probably just should 've left the school and never come back , right ? 
  i know right ? 
  victims of bullying deserve it since they 're such pussies . 
  i reported him when it got unbearable . 
  he stopped physical violence but yelling continued . 
  it happened during 1-2 weeks and then he disappeared . 
  probably changed schools . 
   the fuck is wrong with your parents where they allowed you to continue attending ? 
  i reported him in a matter of days . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you to blame my parents ? 
  yours made you a hateful person . 
   of course he would be suspended / expelled immediately anyway so it would generally be a non-issue . 
  you live in a dream world . 
  nooooooo , thank you very much . 
  lollipop on my nexus 7 is * literally the worst thing ever to happen to human kind ( not so kind ) * . 
  unfortunately , that is very improbable . 
  not every label will agree with their content appearing on apple music and independent artists are even more likely to refuse . 
  the only way to have access to all music you want is buying it . 
  i 'm afraid my salty tears would be no use to them . 
  yay , more happy users !,
