  there is only you being snarky . 
  you 're also making assumptions . 
  turn the hypocrisy down a little bit . 
  bullying impacts innocent victims . 
  those people ricky targets are n't innocent . 
  you are saying that we should not protest anything . 
  yeah , he fails . 
  what a way to show how superior you feel . 
  there 's so many things that used to be lawful and it 's unthinkable to do them today . 
  wow that 's a lot of money . 
  you must be really good at your job . 
  20 , attending college , no income . 
  parents still pay for everything . 
  before you ask , it 's very common and socially acceptable in my country . 
  and looking at the numbers people are mentioned in this thread makes me wonder how life can be so different in other countries . 
  here if you 're a student and working , you 're most likely to earn under $ 1000 and people here mention their salary is over $ 2000 like it 's nothing ? 
  that 's the salary of both of my parents combined and we live a very comfortable life , definitely not struggling . 
  i live in czech republic . 
  and the salaries mentioned in this thread are definitely way above average person 's standards . 
  it was n't even officially released for my region yet . 
  i actually switched couple of days ago , i was sick of waiting . 
  i used a file for a different region . 
  is it us only or not ? 
  i like it the way it is . 
  i like to upload music in manual batches that have been properly tagged . 
  it does , make sure to have album artist and album tags done and it works . 
  yeah that happens , but i 'm still glad they offer us this feature for free . 
  ok , i was n't sure about the city question so i included the country as well . 
  i never understood how this is comfortable . 
  having my feet on the ground feels way more relaxing . 
  oh , i expected fenton . 
  unfortunately i do n't have any other shooter installed but good tip , that might be it . 
  when i was watching the movie , i noticed only the first one . 
  i 'm czech but the situation is the same here . 
  people do n't want to be bothered reading subtitles and most do n't understand english enough to watch movies wihtout them . 
  congrats , there are [ fifty ] ( http://gta.wikia.com/letter_scraps ) of them . 
  also when cops are chasing me , the character no longer breaks the window immediately but still looks around like he 's doing it secretly . 
  second one looks like something out of sims . 
  one of my worst fears ... ours used to run away a lot when she was young but luckily she 's too lazy to do that now . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  casually gaming on easy is the best !, 
  better discuss it with an urologist . 
  i had a similar problem when i was 17 and ended up deciding to get circumcised . 
  no big deal . 
  if i was to go on a date i would n't really have many choices . 
  i have one pair of shoes , one pair of jeans and a shitload of t-shirts . 
  i know my wardrobe is lacking big time , but i hate clothes shopping . 
  i also do n't like it . 
  it seems unfair since i do n't like hairy guys but am hairy myself , but i am too embarrassed to do anything about it . 
  the problem is i always find a ` reasonable ' excuse . 
  i ca n't take all the studying material with me , only math requiers four a4 notebooks with notes and internet ( since a lot of official material is online ) . 
  i just ca n't win . 
  i just wish it was all about me , but the only reason i still try is because of my parents . 
  that 's very interesting and yes , this seems to be the main problem . 
  i just can not solve the problem one step at a time . 
  if i ca n't solve everything at once i get incredibly stressed out . 
  then i become tired just from thinking about it all without doing any actual work . 
  exactly . 
  doing anything meaningful and especially something * enjoyable * feels like wasting time . 
  i hear you . 
  the reason why it applies mainly to studying for me is because i have nothing this would affect other than studying . 
  i do n't socialize or go outside . 
  school 8-18 , eating and procrastinating 18-1 , sleeping 1-8 . 
  that 's my life . 
  thanks , i 'll try to think of this next time i 'm feeling overwhelmed . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9ndivds.png ) is my saints row 3 character . 
  so ... the idea of my boyfriend crossdressing is not completely out of the question . 
  it 's people like you who caused automatic cars to be demonized in europe . 
  fuck ` real ' drivers , take your car to a circuit if you want to be a real driver . 
  i never tasted any other than microwaved popcorn . 
  i was afraid to say it but me too . 
  some of us just do n't have any ` highlights ' . 
  even after realizing i 'm gay , to this day i still am nervous around girls only . 
  and there should be an option to buy an sp only version for at least half the price . 
  i agree . 
  there is n't any cod game that outright sucks ( considering sp ) . 
  then i guess i 'll have to keep using the school 's wifi ... 
  no , vpns are forbidden too . 
  i am trying to download music with google play music app . 
  the internet is not limited in any other way , i just can only connect one device at a time and it has to be a computer ( ethernet only ) . 
  this is the subscription based all access service . 
  it downloads encrypted files to your device , only supports smartphones and chromebook ? 
  pc does n't even have a standalone client . 
  i liked it , i was actually pleased to see a non-bo/mw title . 
  but then again , i do n't remember anything about that game since i played it couple of months ago . 
  i do n't know , the downvotes are showing who is actually butthurt . 
  when i was playing it i did n't encounter any serious bugs . 
  story was fine , comparable to the rest of the series . 
  plus i never play cod for the story . 
  recycling is cod trademark since black ops , so nothing new . 
  i wanted a fun shooting game and that 's what i got . 
  that otg usb-to-ethernet cable might actually be used within the rules , since it makes my phone a device that can be registered in their database and then used officially . 
  thanks , i might try that . 
  really ? 
  i was actually surprised how happy everybody looks in the video . 
  reddit , youtube , google music , random downloads . 
  thank you for your response . 
   have you ever talked to someone about potentially having something like add or anxiety ? 
  i consider it as an option but i 'm afraid of the stigma and generally lazy to initiate . 
   other than that , have you ever tried meditating at all ?
