   never did so . 
  yes , you did . 
   not to an employer or to receive service at a business however with another human sexually they do . 
  no they do n't . 
   has to do with nationality so lmao not even relevant . 
  ... are you serious ? 
  you 're throwing around definitions and this is what you throw up at me ? 
  check your definitions . 
  you 're just confirming i do n't have to take you seriously because you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   he is a dude in a dress and is potentially shot up with hormones and maybe has his piece, 
  yes you did . 
   you can say that but the law says otherwise . 
  no law requires trans people to disclose their status . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   xenophobia is the fear of that which is perceived to be foreign or strange, 
  so no nationality , as * you claimed * . 
  i will not respond to the rest because you made up the fact that i 'm a bigot . 
  i apologize , you 're absolutely right . 
  to kill all the non-feminists . 
  god that thread was so disgusting . 
  it makes me regret that i choose to live in this world with those people . 
  anyone who generalizes a whole generation is a fucking moron . 
  wow , you 're so logical !, 
  i already admire you . 
  stupid questions get stupid answers . 
  absolutely . 
  this is actually very common on reddit . 
  women get called names just because their eyebrows are not perfect . 
  you sound awesome !, 
  well i do n't know about cats , but out vet told us that we do n't have to take our dog to him to get her nails trimmed . 
  apparently if it 's an outside dog the nails trim naturally by walking on surfaces . 
  those people are so insufferable . 
  the entitlement is insane . 
  do they really call you a bad person ? 
  is n't their vocabulary a bit more colorful ? 
   bisexual or transexual, 
  that was a problem ? 
  pitbulls are so awesome !, 
  they only have the bad reputation because their owners often do n't properly train them . 
  could you share the joke ? 
  let me guess - you were uncomfortable with them being that way . 
  ugh , calling people ` honey ' sounds so condescending . 
  and is probably meant to be . 
  coke zero , if you like that . 
  it tastes just like the regular coke , at least i ca n't tell the difference . 
  tea with a little bit of sugar . 
  i usually add 30g of sugar to 1.5 l of tea . 
  yeeeeah , and what does incompatible mean ? 
  i believe you know about / r/spiderbro ? 
  people who need sarcasm in their life so much are insufferable . 
  i would honestly prefer living in an honest world without those idiots . 
  that incompatibility is caused by something . 
  that 's what i was getting at . 
  it 's ok , i already know what those incompatibilities were . 
  more like some people think violence is artistic and also they are scared to say they did n't like a film that is liked by the majority . 
  but the music * we * listen to is flawless , amirite guys ? 
  that 's why this dumb quote is upvoted so much , right ? 
  yeah , there is no such thing as an objectively good movie . 
  you can play artistry all you want though , nobody stopping you from that . 
  i will not pretend to be an elitist just because i wrongly belive my taste is superior to others . 
  should i feel bad if i 'm the only person at the screening ? 
  is it the polite thing to do to just leave so they do n't have to waste resources on one person ? 
  yeah , no . 
  i already gave a stupid answer to your stupid question . 
  i do n't have as much stupidity in me as you do . 
  this is why i download porn . 
  finally , i almost thought that there wo n't be any good pop album by an established artist this year . 
  oh she can sing , she 's just boring . 
  wow , ok , that is impressive . 
  i guess i should give revival a second chance . 
  that has to be satire , right ? 
  i would be fucking done without music . 
  i ca n't really go outside because there are people but music is essential . 
  you underestimate the power parents have over users of this sub . 
  i listened to it like twice right after the release and have n't touched it since . 
  i definitely will give it one more listen or two but not in the near future . 
  i actually got into nwts again and i just know views would disappoint me even more now . 
  i am one of those people i guess . 
  i think it 's because kanye 's songs do n't have that many features and if they do , they tend to blend in with the rest of the song well enough . 
  i never understood why some people have such strong reactions towards music . 
  is it really that hard to sit through a song without commenting on it , mocking it or insulting it ? 
  the game has some albums with awesome production . 
  i 'm not saying jesus piece is a masterpiece but it sounds like one . 
  you could say that by not killing myself i choose to live in this world . 
  this gif always hurts . 
  oh , here comes the women have it easier circlejerk . 
  it 's a study of an online dating site , not the population as a whole . 
  irrelevant . 
  heh , i 'm not the one who imagines nonexistent problems . 
  i never blamed him . 
  haha , nobody is going to take you seriously if you use the term sjw non-sarcastically . 
  misleading title , it 's not rich kids it 's kids of criminals who happen to be rich . 
  that 's the sound of someone who did n't manage to joke properly . 
  definitely . 
  ignore the trolls in this thread . 
  yes , that would make him seem so mature and educated . 
  definitely . 
  what ? 
  do n't listen to those assholes in this thread trying to make you feel bad . 
  i have noticed that this sub is seeing some weird influx of fat haters .
