  same problem , really annoying . 
  it seems you put the wrong quote here . 
  wiki says he 's gay , so how is his band homophobic ? 
  what a nice font , letter i looks like number 1 . 
  the quote you posted says nothing about his sexuality , i had to find it on my own . 
  and if he tortured a man for homophobic remarks , that makes him the exact opposite of a homophobe , does n't it ? 
  are you on drugs that you ca n't see your error ? 
  yes , it is very typical , actually it 's even expected to kill anyone who did n't die . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  yeah , if it does n't eradicate the problem completely , it 's useless !, 
  there was a guy who tried that in germany once , did n't end up well . 
  old people say that in most post communist countries . 
  they can die with their values , we have ours . 
  yes !, 
  i finally started to like him after this movie . 
  just like nazi germany right ? 
  just propaganda . 
  i had to google that . 
  nice concept , but comparing one regime to another is relevant no matter what you think . 
  i will probably get downvoted to hell , but ... adam sandler . 
  it is very relevant . 
  sometimes people forget that the communist regime was just as bad as the nazi regime . 
  i actually hate it here , but my laziness does n't let me move out . 
  depends on the country , it does here . 
  that voice is really annoying . 
  please tell us more . 
  what else annoys you ? 
  exactly . 
  no , i mean regular driving . 
  is n't it 50 states ? 
  for someone so pedantic , you seem to make the same kind of mistakes . 
  how does that work ? 
  do drivers add locations to waze while driving ? 
  that was intense . 
  is there so many tourists or why is so many people going the wrong way ? 
  i expected a honk ... 
  i love it when you guys get angry . 
  you 're so cute . 
  so edgy . 
  can you be just a little bit more dramatic please ? 
  fewer ? 
  you ca n't seriously want this to be legal . 
  do the plane 's tires have to be changed after every flight ? 
  20 , male . 
  currently , i do n't interfere , but if by some accident i end up in a relationship one day , i will most probably at least trim . 
  i rarely agree with him , but he 's the one who introduced me to dg . 
  i wish people stopped doing this . 
  it 's not that much of a favour , opening doors is not a difficult task . 
  it only created unnecessary awkwardness . 
  eh , family vacations are the worst . 
  i ca n't say i 'm not going with them because that just is n't an option for them . 
  i will be stuck in italy for two weeks . 
  hot air , mosquitoes , itchy sand and salt water . 
  yay !, 
  i spend several hours a day imagining a realtionship , usually before i get out of bed and before sleep . 
  the struggle is real . 
  what did he expect ? 
  what am i hearing exactly ? 
  two songs that do n't sound good mixed together ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  i hope your stolen logic will be back soon . 
  what does that have to do with being a `` white knight '' ? 
  i seriously do n't understand how people can properly clean themselves under 15-20 minutes . 
  [ single player garage ] ( https://www.gta5-mods.com/scripts/single-player-garage ) lets you save tens of cars and have them transported to you . 
  once a vehicle is saved in a garage , you can leave it wherever you want or destroy it , it will always be possible to restore it with a simple menu . 
  for a passing driver this literally looks like a guy stopped in the middle of the road trying to shovel asphalt . 
  trust me , if you do n't practice , starting to drive months after getting your license can get really frustrating . 
  basics maybe , but the funny stuff like starting from a hill or paralel parking that are sensitive on the clutch are something different . 
  probably did n't guess the right speed for that turn . 
  it 's one of my biggest problems , but i solve it by driving slower than necessary , not faster . 
  well ... exposing yourself to a visible unknown substance in the air is n't very professional . 
  ha , look at all those angry downvoters . 
  you got downvoted for asking a question , do n't do that ever again . 
  how are comments starting with but but always so good at improving the discussion ? 
  barely noticeable . 
  because they 're legal and people have access to them . 
  this is what happens when you legalize drugs . 
  why would you even bother , it 's not that good of a painting anyway . 
  nope . 
  being antisocial means sexual orientation really does n't matter . 
  i think the situation is more like this - pat is already going 10 over the limit and a bunch of impatient assholes behind him honk and flash lights like crazy instead of passing him and when they finally do they brake check him and flip him off . 
  not true , most people there have them . 
  that 's nice to know . 
  i was pumped up from a previous event that also took a lot of courage . 
  i was looking for a nonintrusive free antivirus and bitdefender seemed like the right choice , but it started popping up in games and running unwanted scans . 
  i eventually ended up with panda antivirus and so far i really like it . 
  bitch you guessed it !, 
  25 extensions . 
  i swear i need every single one . 
  they must be fucking kidding me . 
  when i copy the url of the station and open it in a browser it jumps back to itunes and actually starts the station ... what the fuck . 
  panic defensive ? 
  it is . 
  my xperia z1 compact started reloading apps and launcher after the lollipop update . 
  / r/subredditcancer is the real cancer, 
  you ca n't actually , because i 'm telling you . 
  just because he managed to stop in time does n't mean he started braking in time . 
  i just like the stannis meme, 
  i do n't think so . 
  the only danger was jumping in front of the car .
