  it usually takes me some time to realize it is not buffering , i just forgot to hit play again ... 
  why ? 
  also , if i add the song by clicking the three dots in my playlist and later delete the song from my library it disappears from the playlist too !, 
  it seems apple misunderstood how streaming services work . 
  it takes itself so seriously , but every time someone yells out , makes a face or says something edgy it 's at least giggleable . 
  i removed all tags and renamed all files , but it still matches the songs with the clean version of the album . 
  right now i added an album that is on itunes store and it is still uploading in its entirety . 
  it 's even tagged according to the store . 
  does only music purchased from itunes match or what ? 
  edit : sorry i forgot to tag it . 
  i added the best of album first , then the original . 
  but the songs that are on both albums did n't get added and i ca n't do it manually . 
  edit : solved it by uploading the songs from my collection ... wtf, 
  the official app does n't work . 
  i am 44 hours in . 
  velen and novigrad almost all done . 
  just some of the quests that required me to travel to skellige are n't done . 
  one of them was [ master armorers ] ( http://thewitcher3.wiki.fextralife.com/master+armorers ) which in the end produced an armor , that is for level 27 and up . 
  but i am at 19 !, 
  is it because i play the game on the easiest difficulty level ? 
  if it is n't , why did i just get an armor that i most likely will never be able to use ? 
  you remember the staircase leading to the girls ' dormitories that turned into a slide when harry and ron tried to visit hermione ? 
  here is the passage from the book :, 
   `` i wonder if hermione 's seen this yet ? '' harry said , looking around at the door to the girls ' dormitories . 
  `` let 's go and tell her , said ron . 
  he bounded forward , pulled open the door , and set off up the spiral staircase . 
  he was on the sixth stair when it happened . 
  there was a loud , wailing , klaxonlike sound and the steps melted together to make a long , smooth stone slide . 
  there was a brief moment when ron tried to keep running , arms working madly like windmills , then he toppled over backward and shot down the newly created slide , coming to rest on his back at harry 's feet . 
  `` er -- i do n't think we 're allowed in the girls ' dormitories , '' said harry '' [ ... ] '', 
  it just made me think if the person who set up the staircase took transgender people into consideration or if it was n't actually necessary ? 
  does it judge a person based on their sex or gender ? 
  what do you think ? 
  at home , there always was at least several litres of tea ready . 
  i 'd say tea was at least 80 % of my fluid intake growing up . 
  my parents did n't like me drinking soda or juices , so i usually had 3 options - water , tea or sweetened tea ( honey or sugar ) . 
  i remember going to my friends ' houses and they always offered me soda . 
  it confused me , because i was raised to believe soda is unhealthy and their parents were completely fine with them drinking it . 
  today i 'm not so strict about it , but still seem to be the only one from my group of friends who drinks tea regularly . 
  did it happen to anyone else ? 
  i have an acer aspire v17 nitro black edition, 
   windows 8.1, 
   intel core i7 4710hq, 
   nvidia geforce gtx 860m, 
  the mouse cursor starts appearing in-game in the space where bitdefender usually shows up . 
  sometimes it minimizes the game , i see bitdefender pop up for a second and then immediately disappear . 
  also , it seems it is scanning something even when no scan is supposed to run . 
  chrome wo n't open up unless i try to open a link with bitdefender , then it opens . 
  i 'm sometimes only in the mood for a certain type of blog , but there is no way to organize them . 
  or , anybody got an invite to listr ? 
  maybe the gamma slider that does n't usually work only works in cutscenes ? 
  [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucgahjulv2i ) is a good example of what i am looking for . 
  [ the whole album ] ( https://itun.es/cz/j_cnu ) is gold . 
  [ remorse ] : if you feel bad, 
  i do n't really know what to say about this . 
  i read in our class 's facebook group that he died - in a well , fumes from a water pump made him faint and eventually killed him . 
  so it happens that i remember this while talking to my mom and i could n't help but smirk the whole time i was telling her and i know why . 
  the reason is that i know my mom , she always reacts to serious news very dramaticly . 
  knowing that , i kept imagining her reaction and that is what makes me smirk - thinking `` this is gon na make her gasp wideyed '' . 
  which is kinda fucked up , since a person i used to talk to died , and all i care about is how my mom is going to react . 
  i tried to hide it , but it just could n't be controlled . 
  she did n't seem to notice but still it makes me feel bad . 
  the same is happening in opera so i 'm guessing it might be a different problem . 
  creating it from the three dot menu does nothing and i can not see any other way to do it . 
  it only shares the link when i click the share button . 
  from time to time i read a story about someone who converted to a different faith , be it to please their partner or based on new life experiences or other reasons . 
  i think it is possible only if either, 
  your faith was weak in the first place, 
  2 . or you never really believed and converting is just a formality, 
  3 . or you pretend to convert but still hold you actual beliefs, 
  it would be great if someone who converted explained . 
  i wanted to make a smart playlist that will show songs from followed playlists i have n't listened to yet , but it seems smart playlists only show songs from my library . 
  any way to change that ? 
  i may have just moved on the kinsey scale a bit . 
  it 's probably her `` boyish '' look she has in this movie . 
  damn , did n't expect that . 
  really annoying , it happends often , not always . 
  i suspect it 's because itunes ca n't handle songs being added too fast ( i am recreating my spotify playlists ) . 
  when i slow down it happens less often . 
  i 'm still waiting for the android app , but i am interested in how the app handles folders . 
  can you point me to a video or make one ? 
  spotify just greys it out , so does apple music . 
  this is the final straw . 
  i did n't believe it but it 's real . 
  i really want to get into it , but it 's just so fast , they 're jumping from one thing to another in seconds , it 's impossible to learn anything or actually enjoy it , plus the `` jokes '' really are n't that funny . 
  is the whole series like that or just the beginning ? 
  this is annoying as hell . 
  yes , i listen to hip hop a lot , but that means i already have lots of it , i want to discover something new !, 
  what am i supposed to do with jay-z and eminem playlists when i can basically recite all of their lyrics ? 
  my eyes are constantly switching between the road and the speedometer , which makes me worried about safety . 
  i might not be able to react in time . 
  the reason why i am so obsessed with doing the speed limit is that i am afraid of getting pulled over . 
  how do i solve this ? 
  i know i must practice but it will take time until i get there and i ca n't be a danger to others until then . 
  melted cheese has a completely different flavor and the texture is disgusting to me . 
  i just bought gold and would like to do that . 
  mouse : genius netscroll 110x, 
  hdd : seagate expansion 4tb , 3,5 '', 
  i 'm using an acer aspire v17 nitro black edition laptop with windows 10 . 
  started happening recently .
