  what the fuck does this have to do with music ? 
  why are you involving your subjective opinions on music ? 
  this post is another proof of the theory that if you want to get help on the internet , you have to post a false information , not the question itself . 
  anonymous was awesome . 
  maybe because this is something nobody wanted in the first place ? 
  calm down and think . 
  most people do n't bother to unpin it . 
  oh , i guess not everyone plays always alone . 
  that line is actually kinda hot . 
  no , this never happened . 
  you do n't go to prison for inappropriate search words . 
  wtf , why would you expect anyone to get in trouble ? 
  you do n't go to prison for search words . 
  i hope you understand today that police does n't show up because you used google . 
  lol you seriously think googling that will give you any relevant results ? 
  ca n't you have a serious discussion without someone complaining ? 
  i understood perfectly . 
  you think googling will get you in prison . 
  you assume someone reads your search history ? 
  a man ? 
  that was n't my point . 
  my point was that you ca n't just find child porn by googling it and therefore nothing illegal can happen . 
  again , you miss my point . 
  there is no investigation unless someone sees the history . 
  just searching wo n't start an investigation . 
  i was n't talking about the after . 
  my point was that there are many things more people would love to see . 
  the consequences of her actions are way less serious than the consequences of abusing the law by the authorities . 
  eh , what you posted was n't really worthy of a discussion . 
  nope , she only does what is right . 
  maybe i should start typing in acronyms so you can understand . 
  is n't it the point of the show ? 
  simplifying complex issues ? 
  the portrayal of cia in this show is ridiculous . 
  they are the ultimate good guys . 
  i 'd say the 3rd , 4th and the last one seems the most likely . 
  yeah , protecting a man that obviously know so much . 
  it 's ridiculous to say the results of surveillance do n't harm anyone . 
  entertaining and suspenseful , yes . 
  thought provoking ? 
  i never went from `` i love this song '' to `` this shit is boring '' so quickly . 
  still a nice track though . 
  i thought the same thing . 
  i just corrected you about the characteristic that was n't accurate . 
  or someone who has an experience with a violent partner ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  do you get paid to act like an asshole on the internet ? 
  that does n't mean we have to resort to the other extreme . 
  oh yeah , it 's a fucking war . 
  that 's the right and correct way to describe it . 
  did you hear them ? 
  listen to what they had to say . 
  maybe try creating a smart playlist ? 
  if this was n't a console version of the game i 'd think this might be a joke on those who downloaded the game illegally . 
  i think the characters actually did n't speak , only made noises imitating speech , but i 'm not sure about that . 
  no , this is the version i also found but the cartoon on the tape has a black duckling . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think those were n't any mainstream cartoons , the animation was different . 
  edit : i was wrong , it probably is the cartoon . 
  seems my memory is not that good . 
  yes !, 
  i think that 's it !, 
  thanks , this should help my search a lot . 
  although i must say the german dubbing was more fun . 
  shit , that means all the saved comments and posts by deleted users will be gone too . 
  that sucks , last time i checked i had lots of them . 
  the good part is you can correct it yourself in itunes . 
  mirror mirror on the wall ... 
  cool , thanks !, 
  i do n't think apple would ever allow that . 
  i mean , i did n't try that , but i think there 's no way . 
  itunes match is supposed to be for music you own , right ? 
  just because they tolerate pirated music does n't mean they are going to tolerate pirating their drm protected music . 
  so many fucking drunks in this thread who are too lazy to clean up after themselves . 
  are you the lady who asked for a cigarette ? 
  i knew someone would make a comment about how they do n't like the movie and how it 's worse because of it . 
  fuck you . 
  i 'm from the czech republic . 
  i like karl , but i do n't find him that funny without ricky laughing at him . 
  that 's why i never really enjoyed idiot abroad that much . 
  there are tutorials on reddit with steps how to use it . 
  that 's a terrible design . 
  it looks like a sign that says `` the road will get narrower , but still a two lane road '' . 
  he is n't a joke , it 's just envy . 
  he 's a handsome , successful musician with a decent sized dick . 
  i still have the feedback button ... 
  so i 've done that but the download page only shows the song i just chose to download . 
  oh well , i guess i 'll try reinstalling the app . 
  i was n't really serious with that , i do n't really drink . 
  i thought it 's something you say when you feel overwhelmed . 
  do n't lie . 
  spotify and apple music still show songs that got deleted , they just grey then out . 
  what ? 
  normal people buy a new phone when the old one becomes unusable . 
  my dad is 55 and he has his 3rd phone now . 
  same problem here in the czech republic . 
  i can only see like 5 stations that never change . 
  i think those people from europe who claim to see them subscribed to gpm through an us based vpn so google thinks they have an american account . 
  did you subscribe to gpm using an us based vpn ? 
  shit , i hoped this was it .
