  itt : we 're triggered because the cammer did n't freak out over a cop pulling someone over . 
  i do n't know if it would be useful for you but i use google photos for this reason . 
  it syncs all my photos and they are all available at photos.google.com, 
  you just got that enthusiasm rush because you were lucky . 
  [ jesse starr vol . 
  2 ] ( https://www.helixstudios.net/movie/hxc14/jesse-starr-volume-2.html?nats=$nats ) . 
  i link to a dvd because this is n't a free video ... but you know , there are * other ways * to get it . 
  5 year old - `` fuuuuuuuuuuuuck '', 
  15 year old self - `` oh ... '', 
  i 'm , 21 so i 'll end here . 
  two squares per wipe . 
  1-3 wipes per shit . 
  well i 'm no expert at notes apps but google keep seems to be very similar . 
  i especially like that it syncs all the notes and i can view them on my computer . 
  ferg 's album might be my second favorite album of the year as of now . 
  thank you for this !, 
  it definitely helped . 
  i only plan on using the tablet for music streaming and book reading so this should be enough . 
  who the fuck communicates with their children like this ? 
  she has no right to criticize you , she gave birth to you without your consent and now is mad at you for not living up to her expectations ? 
  some of the questions were very vague and annoying . 
   i loved you better than your own kin did, 
  is that what she sings ? 
  lol i feel so stupid now . 
  thank god for itunes smart playlists . 
  best under 2:30 : kanye west - pt .2, 
  best over 7:30 : kanye west - last call, 
  it 's because lots of people just have to be opinionated about everything . 
  even when they know nothing about the topic . 
  jesus fuck this thread is million times more bitter than the one at / r/askwomen . 
  what the fuck . 
  how exactly did you do that ? 
  i ca n't find a way to actually change my thinking . 
  even drugs do n't work . 
  / r/notreally, 
  not helpful to complain about it either . 
  oh , so being casual about it is being obnoxious ? 
  someone is jealous . 
  again , just casually mentioning they 're rich is obnoxious ? 
  wow . 
  losing weight . 
  the easy part is behind me . 
  and of course you had to engage . 
  what kind of a fucking psychopath do you have to be to act like this when someone is road raging at you ? 
  would n't a normal person just try to avoid conflict , not make it even worse ? 
  seriously , what the fuck . 
  and still , cammer decided to remain calm and reasonable . 
  how original of you , this means you won the argument !, 
  please repeat !, 
  oh the butthurt in this thread are so salty , so satisfying . 
  i just do n't get it i guess . 
  i 'm in the same situation i was with anti . 
  the album is so boring and i 'm giving it more than one listen just because of who the artist is . 
  what am i missing ? 
  everyone loves these albums and i just do n't get it . 
  the reason why i 'm so surprised by this is that i loved their previous albums . 
  i do n't know what changed . 
  is n't it because nobody 's using it ? 
  wait , i thought that 's what op was referencing . 
  the door is [ this way . 
  ] ( https://voat.co/v/fatpeoplehate ), 
  why do all the cute guys have to die ? 
  why ? 
  this was bound to happen from the beginning . 
  nonexistent following distance , high speed , what could go wrong ? 
  serious question - how come they 're not shooting ? 
  i though that 's what us cops do when a suspect is running away . 
  those are kids ? 
  shh, 
  sounds like my dad . 
  one of the reasons why we have an experience being pulled from mud by a tractor in germany . 
  i 'm not sure about it but i think my parents would not be happy about an interracial relationship . 
  not that it 's probable for me but still knowing that they would have a problem with that makes me sick . 
  you acted like an absolute maniac . 
  a normal person does n't act this way . 
  why ... this album is not even good, 
  if we get a new britney and gaga this year i might not need anything else . 
  the less fun the music is the higher the score is . 
  it is n't fun . 
  in the same way anti is n't fun . 
  that 's not good reasoning . 
  you could say that about any body part . 
  will you call the righteous police on me ? 
  40 minutes of walking a day ? 
  i wish i had the energy for as least that . 
  i speak from experience . 
  whenever i listen to new albums based on scores from sites like metacritic i rarely enjoy it . 
  if i go by sales then i enjoy them more . 
  then there are albums that sell well but still sound boring . 
  i expect this sugar-free lemonade to be the case . 
  born to die : the paradise edition is a fun album . 
  the rest is boring . 
  ca n't really tell , i do n't listen to her music . 
  i have n't heard any of those albums . 
  i think that you might not have the same definition of fun i do . 
  a serious , slow paced , calm album can totally be fun . 
  so just because someone posted three random albums it invalidates my point ? 
  that 's the fun thing about opinions , you can express them without saying it 's not a fact since it 's implied . 
  i am not obliged to listen to music just to let someone feel good about `` winning '' an argument on the internet . 
  and as i said before , there are exceptions .
